I wanna rush a fraternity. - You're not fraternity material. - You're Casey's little brother? - I'm her boyfriend. - I wanna be a Kappa Tau. Let's go. The reason I broke up with you... - I dumped you - Hey Crappy. It's Cappie. - Your letters? - Casey's got lavaliered by Evan. I was hoping you'd want this picture so you wouldn't forget me. I barely remember anything before you. Look at this! Your people made the front page. You started a witch hunt and we might be the witches. I wrote the article. Frannie, I'm removing you as president effective immediatly. I have selected an intern president. You accidentely outed me to my entire house. I really wanna believe that if you had given us any consideration, you never would have written an article. Do you truly believe Casey is over Cappie? Tell the truth. We kissed but it did not go any further. Look, Evan, don't go. I'm wearing your letters. I'm planning with you, - I love... - No, you love you! You love what I can do for you! My lady. You ready to get out of here? Let's go home. Welcome back from break all you students from Cyprus Rhode. The weather today will be clear and sunny. Oh my God no more, enough! I can't believe you just did that. That was the mixed CD Jen-K made me for our three and a half week anniversary - and you littered it. - I have listened to that song every moment of every day for the past four weeks of what was supposed to be my restorative break. It's a really good song. Ok stop, it's ending right now. I've had it with your psychotic mopping. If anyone should be depressed, it's me. I was the one who got dumped last semester, you dumped her. You are in the inpowered position. You could take her back if you wanted. - You think I should take her back? - Hell, no, Ok stop! If I'm in the inpowered position because I'm the dumper, and I feel like crap, then how can you, as the dumpee, not feel like a pathetic loser? - Do you want to walk? - Not that you're a pathetic loser, but how can you not feel like one? I mean, I feel like one. I took restorative steps over break. I completely purged Evan from my life. I deleted e-mails, threw away love letters, watched Oprah. I decided to move on and so I did. You can do it too. Decide to be done with Jen-K, and you will be, decide this is going to be a great semester, - and it will be. - You think I can do that? I know you can. We are starting anew. I've new things to think about as president, you have... whatever things you need to think about. We have a clean slate, and we can write whatever we want on it. So much for a clean slate. Oprah, help me! Season 1 - Episode 11 A new normal By <i>Allysiah</i>, <u>HorcKs</u> <i>Kasius</i> &  <i>¤AkaZab¤</i> Stop, I'm serious, I hate being tickled. Nice poster, - highly original. - You're just noticing that poster now? Let's just say I haven't been in a position to notice the poster. It's 2:17, that's 17 minutes past when I said I had to go. You know what? Let's end on an even number. I don't like odd numbers, it's bad luck in so many cultures. 2:18, got to go. - Right, vacation time is over. - Which means, this is over too. We both said it was for fun, but that's it. Just a fling. Fling-tastic! I'm sorry, I think you are in the ZBZ seat. And I think you guys lost the privilege to sit here at the table. Oh but look, there is a seat right between the Moo Gamma pig and the Sci-Fi pie! I don't really care where I sit. So, you are slumming at our end of the table? How was your break? Productive. How about yours? Productive. I want to thank everybody for coming on such short notice. Dean Bowman? You have grown younger, share with us your magic. Over break, the university formed a greek task force, comprised of alumni and administrators to deal with the article. I was appointed their liaison, and this is what we came up with. You guys can basicaly see for yourself. It's curfews, cops checking IDs, - higher GPA requirements, wristbands. - Wristbands? Good God man, not wristband, come on! Those of you who don't comply, will be punished with fines and probation, If it comes down to permanent shutdown, which in the case of the Kappa Taus, might be doing us all a favor. Why should we all get worked because the ZBZs screwed up? First let me just say, as intern president, I'm willing to take responsability for ZBZ's role in this mess. And I can promise all of you, that we'll do whatever we need to do, to restore the university's faith in us. But if we want to get through this, we have to work together. It sucks that we have to follow these new rules, at least for a little while, but I'm fully confident, that we can still have fun You are the last person we are going to listen to right now. Am I right? Casey is right. I am? I am. And furthermore, I've been thinking a lot about a way to start the semester off, with a big rule-following thing. A back to school Carnival. Those were always a blast, right? And each house can have their own booth, and raise money for whatever happens to be, dean Bowman's favorite charity. Yeah, I like it. I mean showing our unity, benefiting charity will send a positive message to the administration. I mean guys, we can't deny what happened last semester, but we can work to move past it, together. What happened? What page are we on? I'm telling you, the Crystal Cathedral puts on quite a show, they had live lambs. You should come next year. It's great, Dale. Man, there is nothing like to smell a new textbook. I think space plasma physics smells the best, don't you? Hi, how are you? That was the third Jen-K, this morning. She has bewitched you. "That was the woman who was deceived and became a sinner." First Timothy, 2.14. I don't know how Casey is doing it. It's even harder now that I'm back here, scene of the crime. Yeah, I heard about Casey and her beau. Do you think she's still a virgin? Hey Evan, how's it going? How is it going? You turned in your pledge pin, without talking me about it, it's pretty lame. I thought we were friends. We are. And I would like for us to still be brothers. The rest of the guys, it's just... They were surprised. - You just walked out. - I walked out, because everyone was looking at me like I was wearing Ashleigh's chaps. What's wrong with Ashleigh's chaps? I want you to consider giving Omaga Chi another chance. Alright, we might surprise you. Did you see anyone from school over break? Like Rebecca... Rebecca who? The senator's daughter. Just a fling. Nothing more to say. - Cause now that Casey's free... - You know what they say? Dump me once, shame on you. Dump me seven times, shame on me. shame on guys who wear braided belts, they just give me the willies. You know what else give me the willies? You pimping out your sister. Do you want Perv to be your new nickname? You like that? Evan stood up and defended me, which, I'm sure, means nothing. Or maybe he wants you back. Not that you'd care since you're keep telling me that you two are done, so... That you're over him. I am! I so am! But that doesn't mean I want him to hate me. Maybe he took time to cool off over break, which means: maybe, in a distant future, we can actually be friends. It's never a good idea to be friend with the exs. It always end as disaster. Imagine if Travis and I try to be friends. He's still holding my iPod hostage, 'cause I dumped him for Calvin. Have you talked to Calvin since the whole... I've left him um-teen millions texts. And I stopped by the Omega Chi's house, he's already turned in his pledge pin. I miss him. This is creepy. At least, the house is a safe heaven. This whole war zone field is really bringing me down. Are we in the wrong house? Let me guess. You girls are Ashleigh, - and Casey. - How did you know? I memorized your faces in the composite. I like to do a little memory, so I never forget a face. Lizzi. That's is Lizzi with two ZBZ "Z". - You could totally use that. - And, who are you? First, and most importantly, I'm your fellow ZBZ sister. And secondly, I'm here in my capacity as ZB National Chapter Consultant. To help you girls with this little sticky situation... I'll start figuring all out in the chapter meeting tonight. Tonight? But that semester hasn't even started yet. But 2/3 of the house has already checked back in, and you know what that mean. Quorum! Quorum? The rules very clearly state that with that many sisters present, - we have to have a weekly meeting. - Right. Let me get this straight. You're just gonna be staying here for the chapter meeting. Not just for the meeting. I'm gonna be here until ZBZ National determines that you're back on the straight narrow. I could be anchored a nice long while. I think that deserves a ZBZ hug, don't you? Hug me! Hug me! That's really nice, girls! Hi everyone. Welcome back! There is a lot to discuss. But first, let me introduce Lizzi. Our chapter consultant. ZBZ alumn for North Central Polytech. So, to start the meeting... I'm sorry. You skipped right over the opening chapter call-response. We don't really do that. It's just formal, it takes so long. Now, we have so many important matters to discuss. That ritual is such an ethical part of being a ZBZ. I'm sorry, sorry. I'm just taking notes for my deal report to take it at National. It's no big hoop. But it is what determines what is required for the disciplinary action. Don't worry! Pretend I'm not even here. - Everyone... - Fellow sisters. Please repeat after me. "Living together in love and respect. "We pledge to uphold the standards "and ideals at the ZBZ creed and cabinet. "If we so speak up of these outside the vault, "may our lips crimble, and desintegrate." It's been a long break. I'll have to teach the girls the memory check. First order of business, the all Greek back to school Carnival. Applause is disruptive, and it's disrespectful. So, as ZBZs, if we wanna show our entusiasmn, we snap. Thank you! It's so great to have you here! I'm sorry. My manucurer has advised not to snap. Is your manucurer a ZBZ? I don't think you need to listen to her. For the Carnival, we're gonna do our patterned ZBZ kissing booth. - I don't think that's not gonna work. - You don't? Do you have another suggestion? We should forgo with the carnival and focus on the present matter. Your former president left your finances in a mess. You're very, very behind your finances. Exactly! This is why the Carnival is such a good idea. It's for charity. And it will definitely enhance moral, which is what my fellow sisters need right now. We are the best house, then we need to start acting as the best house! Are you with me? Please, don't touch that. Are we all on agreement on the Carnival booth? Yeti pelting it is. Wait till you can see my costum. As long as it doesn't involve looter and slash tires which is now forbidden by the administration. What the deal with all these new rules? Heard that Tri Pi were having a councellor Kama-Sutra mixer. We, who are the KT letters, are not afraid of some new regulations. we welcome the challenge. And we don't need some mixer to practice our ancient tantric sex maneuvers. It's just too bad. Spitter was so wept, he let us all get pleged. Let's let Spitter have... Where is he? He's a little guy... Everyone check under your chairs. I take it your got all my messages. All 110 of them. Do you wanna talk to me? I resign from the house. I was more hoping we'd talk about your break. The guy that I was with. He wants to know who he is, either he likes it or not. I don't know what to say. I'm sorry to sound to lame. And I also lost my best friend. I cannot believe... You! Really? You forgive me? Let me get these. I know it wasn't intentionnal. I just needed a little time to get over the shock. What is this stuff? Casey's spasing about the back to school Carnival. The all Greek fundraiser that we're... - You won't be there. - Guess not. She insisted that I go tonight to get our ballons. - But it's all good. - Cause the guy who works there is hot. It's gonna be so fun! I love you being gay! Just so we're clear. You don't have to out me every time we hang out. Hey, Rusty, it's Jen-K. - What is that? - Nothing. Turn it over. Hey, Rusty, it's Jen K. My battery...</i> That's why you missed the meeting. Cause you're wallowing over some old saved message?! - No, I have a paperdue. - For a class you haven't started yet! I'm in honour's engineering program. That's what we do. Anticipate. Spitter, you've never even been late to a meeting. You usually come up early and set up snacks. Beaver could've really used some cheesoritos today. Tell Beaver I'm sorry. It's bros and cheesoritos before hos. You don't let down your bros for some girl. This has nothing to do with Jen-K. A cyber shrine! Really! It's more serious than I thought. Cappie, she was my first girlfriend. Well... The first cut is the deepest. I just feel like... I left so many things unsaid with Jen. Maybe if I just talked to her, I could get some closure. We could even be friends. Don't pretend like you wanna see her coz you wanna be friends. You wanna see her 'cause you wanna get back together. - Don't fool yourself. - I can't get her out of my head. Delete the screen-saver. Both of them! Now the phone. Anything else? - No. - Good! Alright Now you can focus on other better things like your Kappa Tau brothers. Actually I have a very special pledge assignment for you, should you choose to accept it which you must. You need to get a snow machine for the yeti booth. The yeti booth? If you were at the meeting, you'd know what I'm talking about. Snow before hos. Precisely. Good for you. Snow machine. Remember, girls, that moisturized lip is essential for a great kiss, and I don't have to remind you to use mouth wash tomorrow. It is a national goal of ours to uphold the standards of vertuous womenhood, especially in times like this when 8-year old girls are encouraged to dress like prostitutes or heiresses. So that means modest clothing, no cleavage bearing, no ostentatious jewelry and certainly no... Adulterous red lipstick. Now I think Casey would agree, right? How can I not agree? That looks so much better. - Maybe I'll try out. - Can you sing? No but I gotta pick something if I want my dad to pay for tuition That was our deal with Omega Chi. You want to stay with guys who don't want you? Any other house on campus wouldn't have reacted like that. - Dale? - Hey Rusty, Calvin! - U-Sag for? - What? University students against Greeks. Seems the time to start it my way a little bit, after joining a frat led to nothing but degradation and heartbreak for my good buddy, I thought, now is the time to put aside my position. What? I'm not in a fraternity anymore. Congratulations, Cal, welcome to enlightment! I'll be thrilled to have you join U-Sag. An ex-Greek'd be a huge coup for the movement. Now tell me in detail exactly why you left. - I wanna write this down. - In detail? They found out I was gay. Gay, homosexual. - I can work with that. - You can? A intensive prayer environment regimate can cure that You're a double thread. If I bring in an ex-gay, ex-Greek to purity pledge I'm a shoe winning the chaste cup We'll see those other PP-sockers trying to top that. - See you, Dale. - Adios, muchacho. So I just bought some glitter. You can never have enough glitter. Especially for a Carnival. What booth you guys doing? I don't know. Pledges are handling it. What's that? We're just... trying stuff out. For the kissing booth. Alright, yeah. I always liked that color on you. I hope you'll come by our booth. Because... it's really important to support charity. - It is, it is. - I mean... I should... - Yeah. - Good seeing you. It's really good to see you. - Bye. - Bye. Do you mind? I'm studying. I got your text, Madam. I was surprised that I have an overdue fine. Thought it was all paid up. I know we said... Vacation isn't officially over until classes start next week so. No talking in the library. What time is your Carnival at? Not until 5 but I have to pick up a snow machine first. Oh, I found this thing earlier and I... just have no clue what it is. That Jen's hair thingy. Anyway, have you heard about this ZBZ kissing booth? I bet she doesn't even know she left this here. I think she's having trouble keeping her hair out of her face, it always drove her crazy. I was just wondering. if it would be a good place to pass out some U-Sag flyers. What if right now she's pushing her hair back and missing this hair thingy? I can't take it anymore. I have to get rid of this hair thingy so I can get rid of her. Now I have some new business to discuss. I spoke into him and I think we can get him to come back. Calvin is an all-star athlete and a legacy. Are you really saying you don't want him to come back? I'm on board with getting him back. Calvin's a cool guy. No doubt he's a cool guy. I'm not homophobic. There is some issues we haven't thought through. - Like? - Like he lied to us all the time. To be honest, I'll say what everybody thinks. It'll be weird to live with him. If he gets drunk and hits on one of us? If he brings a guy to a formal? A gay frat-guy is just weird. Hey. I've something real serious to talk you guys about. I'm gay. We thought you found out that Beaver hit on your sister at parents' week end. What? Dude, she does not look 15. Don't worry man! Beaver couldn't tell time until he was 12. Come on, let's play a game! I thought you were my Chinese food. No, I missed G here. But I am delivering something. Rusty.... Jen, is the food here? Who's that? You have a guy in there? Rusty, you broke up with me. A few weeks ago. So you... You moved on already? I thought we were over. Yeah. - We are. - So, can I have that back? You know what? No. Your stupid hair can hang in your stupid face. For all I care. Kissing booth! I promise everyone will get a chance to pelt the ferocious Kappa Tau yeti with snowballs as soon as the snowmachine gets here, which could happen any moment now. Where the hell is Spitter? You know they're slipping tongues. I'm sure we'd be doing a lot better if Lizzi hadn't me dressed like this I look Amish. I don't think it would matter if we were naked. We're intentionally being shunt. Like no one even wants to kiss us. I don't know who's gonna mix with us, ever. Evan isn't even here. So maybe a tiny little part of me wants to talk to him. A very small, all thin twin-sized part. We'll have to let them start doing something else at Beaver. You think rocks would hurt? - He is padded. - I heard that. - Where's the snow machine? - Sorry, the hardware store closed before I got there. But I brought the cheesoritos this time. Remember, Beaver wanted some. We can't pelt the yeti with cheesoritos. Why were you late to the hardware store? Come on Spitter, you're killing me, man! You went to go see her, didn't you? We can't hold them much longer. Beav's getting horsed - from all the growling. - We have nothing to pelt with. Guys, I'm really sorry. I got an idea. Who's brave enough... to challenge the fierce and mighty yeti? Cast your strength against the feared beast - for 5 $ charitable donation. - Who's up? I can't believe those losers are joining the biggest crowd. This would never have happened if Frannie were here. Speaking of Frannie, did you hear she gain like 30 lbs during the break? She's in some fat farm in Wisconsin. Hello Casey! - What are you doing here? - You know, just doing some recon, seeing what U-Sag is up against. So I'm here on business. But, there's always room for a little pleasure, you know, and charity. Must say charity. So... Here we go! Oh, goodness! Right in the eye. You know where med station would be coz I think I probably gonna need an eyeflush. - Keep it. - No, it's... Take care of you. That's what you get when you mess with the undisputable master of the Himalayas. Next yeti! Your girlfriend's having some trouble over there. What you talking about? Casey, bro, it's not pretty. ZBZs are getting served by Tri Pi. What are you doing? I think we should call it a night, admit we lost the battle one, concentrate on the war. There's no point at staying out here as public target to humiliation Forget number 1, we're big fat zeros. Line up, girls. We got customers. It's not the Omega Chi, but the Kappa Taus are doing the pinch. Yeti see, and he like. No, it's just weird if we don't, right? That's for charity. Totally. No tongue. I hate to interrupt. Evan, it's just a kissing booth. Don't worry, I know, you can kiss whoever you want, we're over. I wanna get my lavalier back - Can we talk about this somewhere? - One more thing. The Omega Chi are officially stripping you the title of Sweetheart. Given the recent events, the brotherhood is not comfortable maintening such a close relationship between us and ZBZ. You understand. Keeping up appearance is right. I'll send a pledge to pick up my letters. Where you going, Evan? For such a small girl, you walk remarcably fast. - I'm sorry about the kiss thing. - No need to apologize. We're just a fling, right? And classes start Monday so... Then, from a strictly informational standpoint, Casey and I are over. Just so you're informed. Do you like to keep informed? Beer n°3, right? You're got broken up about me dropping of Omega Chi? Actually, I'm just sitting here, trying to figure out if I'm a fool or a jerk. You want my who? I just did something that was not so nice to Casey. Maybe she deserved it, I don't... I still feel like a real jackass. You know, one bad moment doesn't make you a bad person. You can't judge someone based on one single mistake. I started to realize that's what I did to the Omega Chis. Or maybe not. - What do you mean? - Well... A few of the guys, they brought up some issues. And it might take a little more time than I thought. I'm sorry, man. Trust me though, I'll take care of it. I went through and now we're just... - 2 friends hanging up! - Yeah, fair enough! Cheers. I didn't hear you knock! Why would I? ZBZ sisters don't have secret from each other. So, I know, what happened at Carnival was hard. But I think it taught all of us a very valuable lesson. It proved that I was right. We can continue on as if nothing is changed since last semester. Things have changed. You have to accept that. This is a new normal. Petty cash receipt and bank statement. As I was trying to point out, your finances are a mess. - A mess it's now my job to clean up. - Exactly. See, we're on the same wave length. And I know that I've been hard on you. But it's just tough Zeta love. I would hate for taking to unappoint you as president. And I'm looking out for you. I'm so glad that we're sisters. Come here. Me too. There's one more thing. There's a boy waiting downstairs for you. You! I heard about what happened with Evan. It sucked. Wait. Why weren't you there to witness my public humiliation? I was dealing with my own public humiliation. I saw Jen. It was bad. Feel like thinking about her is screwing anything else up. Talking to me about Jen-K is like talking about Satan in front of Dale. It's not appropriate. Evan has plenty of Satan-like qualities too. That may be true but, I'm still not over him. There, I said it. I miss, I miss my Satan. I miss my Satan too. She's already dating... whatever Satan dates, I guess. Well, at least you've got your new exciting job as ZBZ president to concentrate on. And hey, you've always got your Kappa Tau brothers to make you feel better. I've got a little bit of business to take care of. Not to mention visiting hours ended 2 minutes ago.