- Tell the truth. - We kissed. But it didn't go any further. Evan, don't go. I'm wearing your letters. I'm planning forever with you. - I love you. - No, you love you! The Omega Chis are stripping you of the title of Sweetheart. The brotherhood is not comfortable maintaining such a close relationship between us and Zeta Beta Zeta. Why you defend her? She wasn't making your life any easier. Frannie seriously lost it last semester, no doubt. - But she wasn't always like that. - You went to the KT house - the night of the Greek ball? - You're my little sis. What was I supposed to do? The way I feel about you has nothing to do with Casey. If you and Casey signed a peace treaty, it would be so much easier for us to have diplomatic relations. - U-Sag flyer? - What? University students against Greeks. Now is the time to politicize my position. I decided to move on, and so I did. You can do it too. Decide to be done with Jen K., and you will be. Decide this is going to be a great new semester, and it will be. I'm telling you, Baldwin's rules for ring closure, they don't even apply. Dr. Albert's wrong. Then somebody better change Baldwin's rules between now and the final. Dr. Albert is not infallible, Dale. If you define "infallible" as I do in this situation as in "holds my future in her hands," then yes, she is. What you looking at? Dr. Albert? Did she hear you say she wasn't infallible? Please, Lord, grant me invisibility... It's the girl from my American lit class. - Just don't stare so much. - That girl right there? I hate to say this, but I liked it better - when you weren't on the prowl. - That's the Moby Dick girl. I'm not real sure I'm comfortable with that statement either. Last week, in my American lit class, Mr. Ellman pointed to me and he's like, "Mr. Cartwright," and I said, "No, please call me Ishmael." Emma cracked up. It's such a good story. - Every time. - She got the joke. I think she gets me. - You know how rare that is? - No, not really. But what I do know is that obsessing, particularly in the carnal realm, distracts the mind from important matters, like solid-state chemistry. My work in solid-state chemistry is not suffering because of Emma. Well, mine is. If you like this girl, for heaven's sake, and mine, just ask her out. She laughed at my joke, she didn't give me her phone number. Look how she closes her book first, and then takes her last sip of coffee. She'll meet you for coffee tonight at the espresso farm, don't thank me. Let's start with exo-digs, you take favored, I'll take unfavored. You wanna sit down or you wanna just keep standing here? Come on. What's going on? Caroline, Laurie, and Amy have been invited to Lambda Sig pink rose formal. Fantastic. We're finally moving out of the social dog house. Under the amazing leadership of Casey Cartwright. So when do we call the Omega Chis? To build on the momentum? The Lambda Sigs are the second hottest house on campus. Now that they've officially taken us off Greek death row with these invitations, this is the perfect time to push for a full pardon by setting up a mixer with the first hottest house... the Omega Chis. - If you thought that was a good idea. - Actually, I think it's a... terrible idea. But the Omega Chis are a rightful social counterpart. Rightful social counterpart B.J.K. "Before Jen K." And the shunning Omega Chi gave us after the article was published? Not to mention B.P.H. Before... - Paris Hilton? - "Before public humiliation?" The back-to-school carnival. Am I the only one who remembers the kissing booth debacle? The way the Omega Chis publicly humiliated us? Why should we reward them for treating us like that? No, ladies. ZBZs will find their way to the top on their own merits. And in the meantime... We can celebrate, and strengthen from within. How about a game night? We can order pizza, bake cookies... Great, that sounds great. It sounds great. Greeeeeeekkkkkkkkk 7:00, 8:00.? 7:00 sounds great. That's fine. Yeah, all right. I'll see you then. All right, bye. She wants to bring her roommate along on our date. That can't be a good sign. If she didn't want to be alone with me, why didn't she just break the date? Pity can be a pretty powerful emotion. Or... She likes you so much already, she wants to show you off. All right, maybe I should bring somebody to... To keep her roommate busy. So I can have a little one-on-one time with Emma. Good idea. Maybe get one of your frat bros to go along. No, I don't wanna have to explain how this whole stupid date thing happened to any of the guys at the fraternity. Especially if it's go up in flames. How about you go with me? You're the one who got me into this. I know you haven't been able to see me in action. You know, pure girls being somewhat in short supply here at CRU. I'm known in certain circles as quite the ladies' man. - I wouldn't wanna show you out there. - What circles are those? Purity pledge circles. I was voted "most likely to have the opportunity to become impure, "but have the supreme self-control not to" three years running in high school. I just don't want to risk our friendship over some girl. I'm willing to take the risk. All right, then. If that's the way you want it, roomie. But be forewarned. I have no control over this charisma. That sounds terrible. Poor thing! So I'll call you later. That was Cappie. He's sick. Yeah, I'm suddenly feeling a little nauseous myself. Not having a boyfriend is nothing to get yourself upset about. You don't need a man to have a fulfilling life. You could be the next mother Teresa or Rosie O'Donnell. Caroline and Mandy have already left for the movies yet? Wait, you're not going to see Cappie? - He's sick. - Really? - I saw Mandy... - What? It's just... When we were together, I always took care of him when he was sick. But... He's probably not even thinking about that right now. Maybe you can just send him a nice warm e-card. I'm sure it'd mean a lot to him. Okay, I'm here. So what's with all the secrecy? We needed to talk somewhere away from the house. I'm worried about Casey. I know you've supposedly gone through this whole personality overhaul thing, but I'm kind of weirded out when you start talking about your concern for Casey. This is not about me. Didn't you notice how everyone was looking at her when she nixed mixing with the Omega Chis? And I know you heard someone call her "Lizzi." So? Casey, Lizzi. It's an understandable mistake. Casey is seriously being blinded to what's good for the house and herself by this Evan-shaped mental block. Which I know I helped to put there. That's why I'm doing everything I can to get everyone back to their rightful places. If you feel so strongly about this, why don't you talk to Casey about it? Because she might be kind of weirded out. Don't let her blow this opportunity. Not wanting to have a mixer with the Omega Chis couldn't possibly have anything to do with my feelings for Evan. I don't have feelings for Evan. It doesn't matter to me if he's arrogant, or rude, or dismissive... - I don't even notice. - Yeah, I can see that. Did you know that Amanda gets PE credits for massaging the varsity boys during swim meets? We should just go... The Omega Chis publicly humiliated the ZBZs at the back-to-school carnival. Right? From where I was standing, Case, it looked more like... Evan humiliated you. But I could be so wrong. You're right. It was about Evan and me. But he is an Omega Chi and I am a ZBZ. Yes, you are. And you're the best president ever. And there are 50 other girls in this sorority, who didn't get dissed and who want to resume relations with the Omega Chis. 50 hot, desirable Omega Chis, including Calvin, who might be waiting for an opportunity to disagree with Evan Chambers. - That part would be gratifying. - I'm social chair. I can extend the invitation. But this isn't just about the party. It's about normalizing relations. I need to do it. I can do it. Wanna go fondle some swimmers first? You are such a good friend. - So how did you meet? - Did you guys meet here? - You can go first. - No, you first. Luck of the draw. Housing office saw fit to put us two brainiacs on the engineering dorm. - Dale, we don't need... - Honors floor. I got a 2210 on my sats. Rusty here got about the same. - I got 2250. - 780 in math. 790. Dale's very proud of his accomplishments. It's okay. Tina's not easily intimidated. I see that. So how are you liking american lit? Honestly, I am finding Moby Dick a little long and kinda stiff. I can't believe I just said that. I say things I don't mean to say all the time. Why do you think I don't talk in class? Well, I just figured you were so far ahead of the discussion, you were just waiting for the rest of the class to catch up. I wish. Mostly I'm just trying to stay awake. Which I guess brings us back to Moby Dick being... A little long and stiff. - Is that what I think it is? - What, what is? His pledge pin? Or his scarlet letter, if you will? - He's in a frat. - We prefer "fraternity." I'm pledging Kappa Tau Gamma. The Greek system should be banned from college campuses. You got a 2250 on your sats, and you're down on the Greeks? Well, the Greeks aren't so bad. Emma, they're this totally ritualistic, secretive society. I think you may be taking it a little bit too seriously. You don't think it's serious when an organization takes monies from general students services fees, but doesn't allow all students to participate in its activities? Well, the same could be said for most clubs on campus and sports teams. I could use some more coffee. - Be right back. - I can get that for you. You know, I've started an organization you may be interested in, U-Sag. U- sag? What does that stand for? University students against Greeks. - That was a complete disaster. - Are you kidding? That was great. That Tina's a real spitfire. Dale, this was supposed to be my date with the new girl, and it turned into the Greek inquisition. They didn't even want us to walk them back to their dorms. If Tina wants to call me, tell her it's okay. I'm serious. I just wanted to apologize for abandoning you tonight. I'm not much good with confrontation. Your roommate likes it enough for both of you. I know. I probably shouldn't have brought her. I didn't really know you, and anyway, I'm really sorry. See you in class? Maybe we can try it again? Just you and me? - Friday night? - Sure. Why not? Did you tell her to call me? I was looking for Dino. - Dino? - The Omega Chi president? Yeah, I know. I know who he is. He's not here right now. What did you want to talk to him about? Just some Greek business. - If that's okay with you. - Why wouldn't it be with me? Just that the OCs and the ZBZs aren't exactly doing business anymore. But if you want me to tell Dino you stopped by, I'll tell him. You know what? Never mind. I don't have to talk to him after all. Thought maybe you could use a massage or maybe a sponge... - I thought you had a cold. - I do. - I also have pink eye. - Bummer. Well, there's some tea. - I've gotta go. - Wait. What's under the white coat, doc? It's... nothing that should be seen through... Crust. Is it really that bad? Okay, hold on. Here we go. - Better? - A little. - What? - I didn't think that you'd come. Why not? Casey took care of you when you were sick, right? Well, yeah, but, I mean, you're not... Tea! What is this, Earl Grey? It's chamomile. Is there anything else I can do for you? I don't wanna impose. Let's see. Would you mind... Heating that up? Yeah, it's just a little cold. Thanks. And maybe some Chicken noodle soup in a cup, in, like, the mug, you know? It's always better when it's in a mug for when you're sick. With some of the little oyster crackers on top. I'm sorry. It's probably a good thing you wore the coat. So the social committee is planning a game night, and I'm taking a poll on board games. More like boring games. What we should be planning is a great party with the Omega Chis. I couldn't agree more. Which is why I went to the Omega Chi house just now to discuss the possibility of mixing with us. My God, that's fantastic. But they said no. Really? Did you talk to Dino? We're still poison as far as they're concerned. But who cares, right? We don't need the Omega Chis to be the best sority at CRU. We are the ZBZs. We have the Lambda Sigs. We have game night. Now I'm gonna go change my clothes. And then let's scatter some gories. She did what she could. I guess. CD, cD jacket. Think I'm set. Were you able to include any "Darwin lied"? I tried, Dale, but damnation seems like a little bit of a romance killer. You know what Emma's gonna like, anyway? I don't, which is why I emailed her a detailed questionnaire with multiple options in each musical category. She hasn't sent it back, though, so I thought I'd give her some choices that she can cross-reference while deciding. Man, that's my third email from Tina today. She's really chompin'at the U-Sag bit. I think she's gonna come by our meeting tomorrow. I don't get the attraction. Tina's one of the most abrasive people I've ever met. I'm just not intimidated by strong women. And U-Sag is a big tent organization. - Over here. - Let me just go grab some coffee. No! Sit. Or... not. Why don't we have mixers anymore? "We" meaning "you and I"? "We" meaning ZBZ and Omega Chi. You guys totally shut down the idea of having a mixer with us? What's up with that? I still have no idea what you're talking about. Casey said that she got a seriously strong negative reaction from Dino when she invited you guys to mix with us. Really? That's weird. When it comes to getting back together with the ZBZs, my sense is most of the guys are fine with it, including Dino. I need you to do something for me. - Okay, let me just grab... - No. So this is what I need you to do. "Indelible." Crap. See you at dinner, Tina. What are you doing with our white board? I just came by to drop off a CD for Emma, and it just fell off. And I thought I would just take it back to my dorm room, slap some adhesive on it, and bring it back. It fell? Crazy? Good thing I was here. And I have adhesive in my room, so... I'm gonna go. I can't speak for Emma, but I really don't appreciate being part of these little frat pranks. - Give me back my white board. - This has nothing to - do with the fraternity. - Then give it back. Don't you think it would have been simpler to just erase it? Yes, but... Okay, I used their marker, and it's indelible. Who knew? Yeah, they're in the middle of this feud with these guys down the hall. Hey, if you could find one with a corkboard, that'd be great. Hey, can you just give this to Emma for me? Any message? Something... Short and limp? Just say it's from Rusty. Here. All right. Look, we all know the ZBZs have been looked down upon ever since the article. But it's old news. I think it's time we gave them a second chance. They're the same girls that we partied with last semester, and they're awesome. I just don't think we should keep punishing them for something that could have happened to any of us. I think my little brother is well-intentioned, but, in this particular case, missguided. I mean, come on, guys. The events of the past few months have just shown us who they really are. I mean, they're a house... That... Always puts their own interests first, and ultimately can't be trusted. I mean, no matter how much we might wanna trust them. Do you really believe that? Look, if this is about having a mixer, the Tri Pis are always available. A little too available. Why don't we put it to a vote? All those in favor of continuing to shut out the ZBZs? All those opposed. ZBZs have it. What, did they just announce a new season of "America's Next Top Model"? Better! Kyle, the Omega Chi social chair, just came by to invite the Zeta betas to mix with them this weekend. Wow, that's... That's so not what they said before. But great. We're gonna have to scramble a little to get the registration forms and keg application into the dean's office in time. But where there's a will, there's a way to get through with the new party restrictions. Right? Right. We're back on with the Omega Chis. I wonder how all of this happened. Did you ever actually talk to Dino about a mixer? Why would you even ask me that? 'cause I talked to Calvin. And from what he was hearing at the house, it didn't sound like you had. Let's go see that... - That was really fun. - Right? I really meant to. I wanted to. I went over there, and Evan answered the door, and he was all cold and judgey. I knew what I should say, but I couldn't talk. I couldn't give him the satisfaction of knowing I wanted anything from him. It's one night. One night that'll make two houses very happy. And all you have to do is sign our half of the registration forms and get through a few hours with Evan. And I have a plan for that. Hey, guys. Emma loved the CD. I just got a text from her. "T-h-x" with an exclamation point. - A bake sale? - Car washes? Just keep reading. So I guess she wasn't phased by the white board incident. I told you, Dale, she gets me. I just want to give her a couple more song choices before class. - This is truly ambitious. - What are you guys doing? We're meeting with Tina later that afternoon about U-Sag. I just want the guys here to be up to speed on all our suggestions. That's a lot of suggestions. Tina's a real dynamo. And I feel like, you know, it's my job now to harness all her energy. That sounds dirty. You think everything sounds dirty. Guys, could we focus? Dale? You ready? Come in. Let me introduce you to Sanjay and Ted. - Hi. - Hi. Sanjay, Ted. Ishmael. So are you guys ready to go? I had a bunch of posters made up. Posters? But, I mean, we haven't really went over... We gotta grow this thing. I've got a hammer, and the rest of you guys could just use your shoes. Come on, guys, let's go! Hurry up! Nice harnessing. Got extra shoes? Anybody know where the charger to Cappie's little video game machine is? Nope. I don't suppose you have any saltine crackers. Anybody? How 'bout some peanuts? - They're warm. - Works for me! Okay. I will pay anyone $200 to take this tray up to Cappie's room and watch Reba with him. We're on season five! No one goes into Cappie's room when he's sick. It's like going into the Bermuda Triangle. With germs. The only one brave enough to do that was... Casey. I know. I hear she never left his side. Yeah, she was a real angel of mercy. - Hey... - Hey! I also brought you a set of push pins. Because, look, it's got a corkboard on it. And a new set of dry erase pens. 'cause you don't want any more accidents. No, that's for sure. Thanks. And I got you a cup of coffee. Careful. And a full selection of additives. Last, but not least, here is a few more song samples, an updated hard copy of the cd questionnaire. I figured, since you hadn't responded, you were having trouble downloading the attachment. This is amazing. The only bad thing is now I feel like a real jerk for having to postpone our date tonight. I have a paper due on Monday for my philosophy class. And I... Thought I'd be a lot further along than I am. So now I have to work on it all weekend. - I'm really sorry. - That's okay. When you're dating a student, you have to expect these kinds of things, right? Right. There, now you only have to come in contact with Evan once. When you check his ID. And stamp his hand. Or his face. Like you wouldn't love to. Nice to see the Greek world back on its axis. How's Cappie? Contagious? Probably. Whatever. Enjoy your soda. Thanks, Casey. This might not be so bad after all. There's Calvin. Are you okay here? Sure, I'm fine. - Have fun. - Thanks. Let me just stamp your hand and then you can go get started. You're ZBZ party patrol? Your guy hasn't shown up yet. Actually, he has. It's me. Oh, my God. Is this a reunion of... More than just our houses? Or just an incredibly awkward coincidence? You're holding up the line, Frannie. Do you think people can really change? Right now, I'm more concerned about having something that combustible so close to the alcohol. I think they're gonna be okay. Let's go mingle. If you stamp that hard, it makes the ink wet. If the ink stays wet, it's easier for them to transfer stamps. If you guys had invested in wristbands instead of stamps, we wouldn't have to worry about it. Have fun. You didn't check her ID. She's over 21. I've known her for two years. It doesn't matter. You still have to check her ID. Right. I guess knowing someone for two years doesn't mean that much in the end. I'm over 21, Casey. Beer is high in carbs and it makes you bloat. I'm doing you a favor. I guess you always gotta make me be the bad guy. So you can play the victim again. Man up, Condon. Whatever role I play, I have to be a mime, since you never stop accusing long enough to let me get a word in. You mean you think you have some... Some reasonable explanation for kissing Cappie after I lavaliered you? How about that I'm human? That I make mistakes? Like you did when you rush-humped Rebecca. Will you ever quit playing that card? I was never in love with Rebecca. You... move! Move! Just move! So? Can I get re-stamped? Listen, it wasn't the same level of betrayal, okay? You obviously still had feelings for Cappie. And I still have feelings for Cappie, Evan. Just like I still have feelings for you. Maybe I always will. Unlike the super-human Evan Chambers, I don't seem to have control over how I feel about people. Most of the time however, I do have control over what I do about those feelings. And what I did was choose you. I thought that was the most important thing. Clearly, in your world, it isn't. And then you dumped me without trying to talk, without giving me the second chance I gave you. O'Toole. Perfect. You're gonna have to do this, man, you're it. I need a drink. Dr. Logan. You're... A scary scandinavian woman. It's nurse Von Lembke. But you can call me Helga. Why would I wanna do that? Rebecca Logan sent me. She said it's time for you to get well. Shall we start with the nasal irrigation? Emma must be really working hard. She's not even answering her phone. I just hope she got that care package I sent her. Could you keep your voice down, please? Why? 'cause Tina said she was coming over, and I do not want to talk to her. And put your phone on vibrate. Whatever happened to "Not being intimidated by strong women" "Harnessing that dynamo"? She's trying to take over U-Sag. She emails me at least a dozen times a day. She put her email on all the flyers. Now she's even got Ted and Sanjay including a prayer for a greater U-Sag profile on campus in their daily intercessions. Well, dale, you just can't hide out here. You're eventually going to have to talk to her. No, I won't. Are you just gonna will her away? I believe in science and creationism. My mind is a powerful instrument. Hello? It's Tina. Anybody in there? Don't say anything. Is that you, Dale? I'm actually here to see Rusty. It's a ruse. Don't fall for it. - Do not let her in. - Don't be ridiculous, Dale. What's going on in there? What's going on in there is that Dale wants U-Sag back. - What are you talking about? - You... overstepping your boundaries. As much as I disagree with U-Sag, it's important to Dale. It's his brainchild. You took a simple invitation to join, and you ran wild with it. I thought that the goal was to get rid of the Greek system. It is, unfortunately. But... Dale wants to do it his way. And you had no right to come in and pull the rug out from under him. The guy's freaked out. So you just need to back off. Yeah, well, I didn't come here to talk about U-Sag anyway. I came here to give you this. It's from Emma. Your care package. I mean, between the cd and the white board and the coffee and the questionnaire, and now this... I mean, you're scaring her. She wants you to back off. Frannie... What do you want? To apologize. For screwing things up with you and Casey last semester. I don't even wanna think about me and Casey anymore. Or maybe I can help. My... Not exactly what I had in mind. - Really? - Look, Evan... You're a gorgeous guy, with many, many fine attributes. You're also... Clearly Still working out some issues. I'm not interested in being anyone's warm body. I got it. Evan. I need my shoes. Where are my shoes? - Right there. - Yes, okay. You look like crap. Where are you going? I'm gonna go tell Casey I'm an idiot, and I want her back. Good luck with that. Casey. - You look amazing. - I feel pretty amazing. I'm done, Evan. Done with what? With all this. I'm finished being angry with you. I woke up this morning and I finally realized no matter what I say or do, I can't change the past. Or how you feel about it. And I'm done trying. I'm finally ready to move on. Move on... From us? And what if I was less of a jealous idiot? Then I'd think maybe we could be friends... If you think you can do that. Friends? Think about it. See ya around campus... Evan Chambers. Hey, you're up early. I've got coffee, thanks. This one's mine. Look, Emma... I just want to apologize for coming on so strong. I never meant to scare you or seem like a crazy person. That's okay. Yeah, I guess I'm just... Overly enthusiastic. I really liked you. And I really liked being in a relationship when I was in one before. And I guess when it... Seemed like I might have a shot at a new one, I kind of jumped the gun. I'm sorry for the firearms metaphors. Don't worry about it. Yeah, I don't know. It's probably obvious that... I don't have a lot of experience in the romance department. But I'm a fast learner. And maybe if I totally put the brakes on, we can try again. But I'll see you in class, okay? We need to talk. About what? Do you still wanna move back into the house? Then do it. You're officially off probation. We're moving forward. Good morning. What did you do to him? You know the rules, Ms. Logan. What happens in Cappie's room stays in Cappie's room. Still contagious, right? No, I was just wearing this because, apparently, Helga likes pirates. - You two... - Did not. I am currently a one-woman man. Look, Cappie... I am not now, nor will I ever be Casey Cartwright... - Perfect girlfriend, angel of mercy. - Well, thank God. You really are a colossal pain in the ass when you're sick, you know that? I don't know how she stood you. Well, she is an angel. And she discovered my achilles heel. Cough syrup. Knocks me on my butt. She'd give me a dose, climb out the window, and come back by the time I need another one. No one knew. She didn't even think I knew. What? Only makes me like her more. Really? We talkin' threesome now? Who said you're invited? You're bad. You naughty little girl. I had a new idea for a U-Sag flyer, and I just wanted to run it by Dale and see if he would sign off on it. I'll make sure he gets it. For what it's worth, Emma likes her crazy on the outside, not the inside. You're the first guy she's gone out with all semester that's not covered in tattoos and body piercings. I'm not crazy, okay? And I'm not an egomaniacal control freak. Look... you probably won't understand this, and I don't even know why I feel the need to explain it to you, but I like to be in things. And all the ramp-up, getting-to-know-you part makes me feel anxious. So I kind of sort of just jump over it. Which can make me seem a little... pushy. Okay?