see in the house. While talking to her, I put up one finger behind my back. - What does that mean? Betsy? - Immediate backup! Good. Three fingers. Reagan? - Legacy? - Fingers crossed. Holly? - A waste of time! - I love all our hand signals. I feel like all those deaf people that work at the stock exchange! And there's a new hand signal this year. Devil horns are for when you meet a rushee interested in Frannie's new sorority, Iota Kappa Iota. We'll be competing with them for the same type of girls this rush and since the Ickies have yet to join Panhellenic, they don't have to follow the rules, but we do. It's against the rules for us to bad-mouth another sorority during rush. So try and be subtle when you do. What do we say if a rushee asks about Frannie taking half of the house? Or that dues might go up if we don't get at least 25 new pledges? Ladies, ladies. We have a reputation to uphold. Lie. OK, so tonight is round Robins. We don't have much time with each group of rushees coming through, so study your Facebooks! Then tomorrow night is skit night, and we've decided to do our fashion week skit again, since it was such a big hit with the girls last year. And because we get to dress up like supermodels. I call Gisele! But don't forget... Skit night is the last impression we get to make, so let's make it awesome! We're on. Isn't this awesome? Our first meeting as actives. Finally we get to see how it all works behind the curtain. We get to be the guys involved in choosing - the next generation of Kappa Tau. - And we get to haze'em. I got so much pent-up aggression. All right, let's get started! It's a new year. A fresh start. And a fresh crop of freshman girls... OK, first topic of discussion: spring break. Now, myrtle beach was fun, but this year I'm thinking mykonos. Does anyone have a trust fund? Spitter, you sly dog, you've been holding out on us! What about rush? Isn't that a little more pressing than spring break? I mean, it starts tomorrow. Rush! Of course. Thank you for reminding me. I completely forgot. - Rush chair wade, what's our plan? - I'm rush chair again? Right. We also forgot to hold elections. Dibs on president! - Social chair! - I said it first! Jinx! All right, I have a plan. Since no one died, flunked out, or graduated, I decree that all officers get a second term. Any objections? Problem solved! Moving on! OK, second-term rush chair wade, what's our rush strategy? To get new pledges. Brilliant! How do we do that? By throwing our top secret rush party. Sounds like a plan! All right! Wait, that's it? That's all you guys do for rush? Shouldn't we get out there and recruit? - Sounds like work. - The guys who belong at KT find KT. It's something I like to call "karmic synergy." Sounds fancy. But what if we were a little more proactive? Look, it's not that we don't want to work to find new recruits, but by working, we're working against karmic synergy... which benefits no one. So the only solution is to throw a party and let karmic synergy... The only solution is to throw a party and let karmic synergy... work for us. Now, as for the party, Spitter, you get the ice. Pickle, you're on puke patrol. I'm very sorry. There's a mop and a bag of sawdust in the back hall closet. I suggest you breathe through your mouth. And where's Gonzo? Cap, we're actives now. Not exactly. You're what we like to call post-pledges. And until we have new pledges, you're still the low men on the KT totem pole. Sorry. All right, back to spring break. Now, mykonos. Who knows where it's at? Anyone? - Canada. - Africa. -= GREEK 212 =- " From Rushing with Love " VO: ¤AKA¤, <i>Walid20-101</i>, Arrow [<i>Sub-Way.fr</i>] [SeriesSub.com] Over here. Were you followed? And is this really necessary? We're spying on Frannie, not France. Frannie's been super paranoid after "the lake incident". I can't risk blowing my cover. So what tricks does Frannie have up her sleeve for rush? All I know is she's not planning on abiding by panhellenic's rules. She's planning a party after skit night, with alcohol and Omega Chis. That is so not fair. She's using booze and boys? And so obvious. Maybe you can tell us something we don't already know? Does that crazy old lady still live there? Maybe you can get her to sabotage the party, like come downstairs naked without her dentures or something. Frannie's taken care of Joan. Did Frannie kill her? 'cause that would help us so much. No, she bought her a case of Gin and locked her upstairs. She's thought of everything and sharing nothing. I think it's time for a new plan: I'm thinking I befriend the rushees, then pull Ajerry Maguire, announcing my departure and taking them back with me to ZBZ. Unfortunately, all that plan got Jerry Maguire was a goldfish and Renee Zellweger, neither of which we want. So we need intel on what Frannie's doing to attract girls and who she's focusing on, then we can block her if we have to. - Stick to the original plan. - But my plan's better. No, mine is. The problem is you need to be more proactive. Or maybe the problem is you're a control freak who just...? Maybe she can do both? Coalition of the willing! She's good. Look at all these clubs recruiting freshmen. We should do something like this. Fraternities don't set up booths in the quad for fraternity rush. We'd look like total losers. Or we'd look like total winners because we care so much. No. That definitely wouldn't happen. Relax, we have karmic synergy working for us. Heads up! It was close. How's it going? It's all good. Haven't seen you since the bus ride back from the lake. That speech you made, you were awesome! I'm sorry. I haven't thrown in a while. I'm gonna head to practice. You need to work on that spiral. So Andy's pretty cool? - I guess. - Did he say anything about me? - Do you have a crush on him? - No, I think I might want to rush him. - I have a rush crush. - Ah, OK. You should know that Omega Chi is all over him. He's from old East Coast money, star student athlete... He's the number one rush recruit at CRU, and Evan wants him bad. I don't mean to step on your toes or anything, - you're friends from high school... - I just want Andy to end up where he's gonna be the happiest, - which might be Omega Chi. - Or it might be Kappa Tau. He did say he had fun with you guys coming back from Canyon Lake. So he did say something about me after the lake! I'm sure he'll call. Sorry! Just testing out the new cleaver. No worries. Thanks, bro. - I thought I was in charge of ice. - You are, my little ice princess. And when you're queen, you'll be in charge of the ice luge. Guess what, Cap? I think I experienced karmic synergy. You eat the brownies in the fridge? Because those were mine. No, I was on campus and this football came flying at my head and I closed my eyes and this guy just reached out and grabbed it, saving me from a broken nose, or worse. Guess who it was? That guy Andy. - You met him on the bus. - The football guy? The guy who came to the lake with the Omega Chis? Evan wants him real bad, but I think he's interested in the KT. Great. If he's rushing, he'll stop by the house with the other rushees and karmic synergy will work it out. But Cap, I keep running into him. On the bus, the quad. If that's not karmic synergy, what is it? Coincidence. Now if you'll excuse me, I have ice to attend to and so do you. Everyone spread out to make us look bigger! And don't forget to use your hand signals! Betsy, stop eating the mint Milanos, those are for the rushees! Finally some intel from Rebecca. She entered rush late, so she's not in the facebook. Her name is Maya Stewart. As in Martha Stewart's niece. I read The Martha Blog every day. I'm addicted. A girl like this could raise our profile during rush. Not to mention be an asset to the house. And Martha might visit with wedding and cooking and traveling tips! Easy, Ash, we have to play it cool. We  have to hit her with everything we've got. You four are to not let this girl out of your sight, do you understand? Are you sure you want the four of us on one girl? The rushees already outnumber us as it is. The rest of the girls are just gonna have to pick up the slack! OK, sure. Welcome to Zeta Beta Zeta! OK, guys, come on in. - There you go. - Have fun. There she is. Go Go! - Maya Stewart better be worth it. - Thanksgivings at Martha's? I'm Ashleigh, president of Zeta Beta Zeta. And I'm Casey Cartwright. Nice to meet you! I thought becoming an active meant you're automatically one of the guys. An equal. But I'm still the one getting ice for the party. Last night, some of the guys woke me up at 3:00am and made me get six cans of whipped cream. - Did you do it? - I was half-asleep and already in the checkout line before I realized I'm not a pledge anymore. Listen, I just wanted to say no hard feelings. No, still hard, Evan. My feelings, that is. My feelings are still hard. I gotta go. Not because of him, I just gotta go. So I was talking to your buddy, what's his name? - Andy? - That's right. I need you to step in and really close the deal on him. I don't want to lose him to Kappa Tool. Give him this bid. You know, maybe you should. I'm sure it would mean more coming from the president of the fraternity. You guys went to high school together, you've got a history. I got somewhere I gotta go. You're all over this. ... then went in for the lime, and accidentally spit tequila all over her face! Nice move, Spitter. What do you think my nickname would be? Hard to say. It could be anything, really. Why? Are you interested in possibly getting one? I mean, by pledging Kappa Tau. They could give you a nickname. It could be Andy-licious... or something cooler than that. Sixty-eight percent isn't terrible. Last year we had a 93 percent acceptance rate to our Skit Night invitations. I'm responsible for our first D-plus! If it makes you feel any better, it's not my first one. We'll get 100 percent of our 68 percent, which would be better than last year - and give us a'B'average. - Right! I'm not worried. Our Fashion Week skit will kick major ass, Maya Stewart's going to be there, making all the other girls want to be there. Did you hear? Iota Kappa Iota, 95 percent. - Pretty good for our first rush. - We got Maya Stewart. - As in Martha Stewart's niece. - As in, suck on that. I met her, too. Only I didn't extend her an invitation. Turns out she's a total fraud. I hear she got kicked out of rush. Sorry to rain on your rush parade. Good luck with Skit Night, though. Does this mean Martha's not coming to help us plant our own herb garden? How are we supposed to cultivate basil in this environment? We need her! We need to talk to Rebecca, now. Why hasn't Rebecca texted us back yet? Maybe Frannie knows. What if she's torturing Rebecca in the basement, - trying to make her confess? - I wouldn't put it past her. Remember when she put that curling iron up to Amy's neck to find out who finished off her vodka? It worked. Amy confessed. It was coerced. We all know it was Betsy. Can we talk? I'm gonna get the binoculars and start checking basement windows. I need some rush advice. Sure, but we had the worst return ever on our Skit Night invites, - I may not be the one to ask. - You're all I have at this point. Cappie doesn't want me going after this rushee who I know is perfect for Kappa Tau. Kappa Taus don't really go after rushees. I know, karmic synergy whatever. Regardless, if I wanted to, how can I convince Cappie that I'm right about this? What is it with you new actives? You've been one five seconds... I'm just trying to prove myself. Why is that such a bad thing? Even as an active, there's still a hierarchy. If you really want this guy, you've got to get him invested in the house. You got to get a few senior members, like Cappie, or whoever, invested in him. How do I do that? Find common ground. - What's his deal? What are his hobbies? - He's on the football team. - Number one high school recruit. - He's the number one football recruit? Every house on campus will offer him a bid. He'll probably just end up at Lambda Sig or Omega Chi. I found Rebecca! - In the basement? - No, she texted me. She's ready to meet. It smells like cat pee in here. Cat pee and pickles. What's so urgent that we had to risk another meeting in person? You gave us bogus intel on Maya Stewart. - What do you mean? - She's not Martha Stewart's niece. We put all our focus on her and lost other girls because of it. - And that's my fault? - You're the mole! We're relying on your intel to be accurate. - You're terrible at this. - Maybe it's a faulty strategy. Maybe we should pull the plug. Maybe Frannie's feeding her bad information. No way. Frannie totally trusts me. - How can you be certain? - Because this morning, she let me use her hairbrush. The silver one? She never lets anyone use that. Not even Casey when they didn't hate each other. That brush was from Titanic. She paid a fortune for it off eBay. I know. Leo used it to brush Kate's hair in a deleted scene. I miss young Leo. So do I. Look, I'm not trying to be a problem. I'm just trying to prove myself. Fine. Is there anything else you know that we can use? Anything about Skit Night? Is her skit better than ours? I'm not sure. She has a skit committee, sworn to secrecy. But I did find a bunch of sailor hats in the hallway closet, about 50 or so. It must be something revolving around that. Sailor hats? She is so good! I can see your leg, I did not think you could throw a football. I used to play. Long time ago. Little League, actually. But I still love tossing around the old pigskin. Pigskin? All right, hit me deep, Archie Manning. You gotta dive for it! Over here! I'm sorry, man. I thought you were calling for it. Dude, your face is like a ball magnet. I would've caught it. I was distracted. You guys rember Andy, right? What a coincidence running into you like this, here on the quad nearest the Freshmen Dorms. How random. Beaver plays football, too. He was an all-state defensive lineman, recruited to play ball here four years ago. No kidding. I didn't see you at training camp. - I had to drop the team. - Injury? - Yeah, the... - Hangover. I bet you guys have so much in common. - He was an all-state cornerback. - Nice! Defense! No way! Is that theIron Mancar? Hey, guys! I didn't think the KT's believed in exercise. We wanna keep our heart rate up for when your mom comes in town. Seriously, she's foxy. - I know! - You've seen her? Wanna go for a drive? I'll see you guys later. He's using the car? How do we compete with that? - We don't compete with that. - We could borrow Wade's Miata. Karmic synergy. Wade drives a Miata? Whatever. Maybe they're sexy sailor hats. Still, compared to Fashion Week? It doesn't make sense. Whatever. It is so not our problem. Our skit is going to kick her skit's ass. - Ash, what happened to our skit stuff? - Maybe someone moved it? Why would someone move it? I don't know. I'm trying not to freak out. Frannie stopped by to pick up the Fashion Week decorations. But what skit are we doing now? You let her take them? Oh, God! She said that she talked to you about it and she said that you said that you thought it would be best for her to have them. Oh, God! Am I in trouble? I think we all are. I can't believe Frannie stole our decorations! - That's so... so... - Like her? And Rebecca isn't stupid, she should've known about this. Is it just me, or is there something fishy going on? Need to borrow some sugar? We just came by to wish you luck with Skit Night. You're doing Fashion Week, too? 'Cause we were wondering what happened to all of our stuff. I believe Fashion Week was my idea. When you were at ZBZ. Sounds like an intellectual property dispute. - Maybe you should call your lawyers. - We don't have any lawyers. I have some sailor hats you can borrow. Always wise to have a backup plan. - What do they want? - Wish us luck on our skit. Isn't that nice? We were also hoping to speak with Rebecca. We think it was a mistake for you to leave ZBZ, and that maybe you should come back. Sorry, Case, I'm here to stay, so maybe you should get over it. And then get your roots done. - Your roots are fine. - Whatever. Let's just go. We need a new skit. I'm Wade Matthews, Rush Chair. Second term. Come on! I've been nailing that all night, I swear! All right. How many of you know our reputation? Raise your hands. Wonderful. Everyone with your hand up, get out. Andy might be in the next group. - Yeah, if he doesn't listen to Wade. - That'd be pretty KT, huh? If he comes through that door, maybe we should give him a bid tonight so we don't lose him to Omega Chi. You can't lose if you don't play the game. Did I just make that up? Wait, no. Oscar from Sesame Street. He's such a grouch. What do you have against Andy? Nothing. We just don't give early bids. It's not the KT way. Let the Omega Chis and the Lambda Sigs kiss his ass. We'll leave it to karmic synergy to see if Andy walks through that door. Nice. You did it. You were right. Really? Sisterhood of the Traveling ZBZ Pants? We have to do something. Come on, it could be cute. I wanted to be fierce! I wanted to be Heidi Klum again! Now I have to be freakin' Blake Lively. At least you're blonde. How will anyone know I'm America Ferrera? Don't you think it's weird Frannie stole the decorations at the exact moment - we were meeting with Rebecca? - Or that she didn't text us when she saw the Fashion Week stuff in the Icky house? Maybe she just got home. Maybe. What about the sailor hats? Frannie's backup plan? Frannie does like to plan. Once I saw her calendar. It's crazy full. And then there was Rebecca's whole, "I'm just trying to prove myself." What a load of crap. And don't even get me started on Maya... I am tempted to write a letter to Martha. Let her prison friends teach Maya a lesson or two. You know, she never actually forgave me for kissing Cappie, either. Whose idea was it for Rebecca to be the mole in the first place? Rebecca's. My first ice luge! It makes it so cold going down into your belly! Andy, come here. Cappie, you remember Andy, right? - Andy, thanks for coming by. - Thanks for having me! Rusty told me KT's throw the best parties. He was not joking. Thanks for telling me to keep my hand down. You told him that? Well, if you think we have cool parties, you should go check out Omega Chi. They went indoor skydiving at their last date night. Have you been to Omega Chi yet? Indoor skydiving. How cool is that? We're heading there next. Great! Listen, I think you're really gonna like it there. - I'm sorry. - Nah. It's cool, Rus. I should probably go. Why are you the only one who gets to judge who's a Kappa Tau and who isn't? I'm not judging anyone. Like I said before, it's all karmic synergy. Don't feel bad that you can't recognize it yet. Like "the Force," bowling, it takes years to master. - Cut it out, Cap, I'm an active now... - Post-pledge. Well, in my post-pledge opinion, I think Andy will make a good Kappa Tau. - I disagree. - Why? - Because. - But why? - Because, that's why. - Stop it. - Because. - Because why? - Why? - Because! You told Andy of our reputation, then by telling him not to raise his hand, you defied a long history of tradition of karmic synergy. There's a method to our madness. It may not be a perfect method, it may not even be a method, but it's the way we do things here at KT. And you know what? We're pretty happy with the results. What about my method? What about what I can offer to the house? And what he can offer to the house. He's a valedictorian. He's a football star. We don't get guys because they're gets. That's an Evan Chambers move. What more do you know about him? See? Karmic synergy. What if he was meant to be a Kappa Tau and I screwed it up? Unfortunately, that's something we'll never know, along with what hot dogs are made from, how Smurfs reproduce. And yes, you're almost an active, but you still have much to learn. And, regardless, I promise to start treating you more like an equal... in 12 hours. Why 12 hours? Because then we'll have pledges, and right now we're out of ice. There you go. Six bags should do it. Thanks. Isn't it weird how the entire house can fit into these pants? It's because we're sisters. Don't you think the pants have the magic to keep us together? Right. The pants have the magic to keep us together as ZBZ sisters for the rest of our lives. Maybe these pants will fit you, too! Hey, man, glad you could make it. And this is your last stop, right? Yeah, I think so. And... what's the verdict? To be honest, the one house I was ready to join doesn't seem to want me. I'm sure there's a lot of houses that are gonna want you, including Omega Chi. And... I think you'd really like it here. I know I do. Thanks, Cal. Look, man, no pressure, all right? If you decide to join, I'll see you at the bid party tomorrow night, OK? Cool, man. He's leaving? You know, we're all headed to a party at Frannie's new house. - Did he accept the bid? - Yeah. He's gonna sleep on it. You said this was a done deal. He's seriously considering Omega Chi. I'm not gonna pressure someone that doesn't wanna be here. I tried to help you out. I let him drive my car, I gave you the bid, but you failed. I failed? You hung out with him for, like, five minutes. You know his resume, but you don't even know his name. Where have you been, Evan? What are you doing out here? Just heading back to the dorm. That's a lot of ice. Someone has to get it, and I'm still low man on the KT totem pole. Oh, not for long, though, right? You'll have plenty of pledges to order around soon enough. How'd things go at Omega Chi? To tell you the truth? Other than Calvin, I thought the Omega Chis were pretty shallow. They're like a Greek kiddie pool. All they want to do is talk about football. I don't know. I guess I'm sort of used to being labeled at this point, you know? People find out you're a football player think they've got you figured out. "He's cool. He's dumb. He parties. He has tons of sex." Yeah, I have the same problem as a polymer science major. OK, not the same problem, but I get labeled, too. Most people don't equate it with being in the Greek system, you know? Yeah, I do. I don't know, I figured I'd walk into a house and just know... this is... where I'm meant to be. And I thought I had, when I walked into Kappa Tau. I love that movie! And the guy who played Kostos? Oh, my God, so dreamy. I wouldn't kick him out of bed. This is our favorite house. You all are so much nicer than the girls at the IKI house. We totally are! Especially compared to the super rude girl over there who was ripping on ZBZ. She was so nasty. Let me guess, was her name Frannie? She was that senator's daughter. Something Hogan? Excuse us. Rebecca's unnecessarily bad-mouthing us? That seals it. I can't believe Rebecca manipulated us like this! You know Frannie's loving it. I can see them toasting each other, laughing about how they fooled us. Are you two defecting to my house or... - crossing the border? - We're on to you. We know you're not planning on coming back to ZBZ. You've been bad-mouthing ZBZ... If you were actually our mole and actually trying to help us, why would you be doing that in front of rushees? Because Frannie was standing right next to me, just like she is right now. What? You think I didn't know? Wait. You knew? And you didn't know she knew? - Which means... - I figured it out after the lake party. You're a terrible mole. See? She thinks so, too. Oh, my God! I'm 19! I'm not Sydney frickin' Bristow! What about theTitanicbrush? You let Rebecca use it. The real brush is under lock and key. That brush was fake, kind of like your friend Maya Stewart: A theater major who need some quick cash. Oh, God. May I have your attention, everyone? I think everyone has the right to know that apparently ZBZ was so hard-up, they sent a spy into my house for rush week! Kind of desperate, don't you think? And now, I'm sorry, but on Greek Row, one day you're in, and the next day you're out... and you three are out. Auf Wiedersehen. I guess we kind of humiliated ourselves in front of... most of this year's rush class, huh? You did. I really wanted to trust you. It was just hard, given our history together. Our history together is exactly what made me want to prove myself to you. Despite all our issues, I still haven't forgotten that you stuck your neck out for me. So how do you think Frannie figured it out? After the lake party, she asked me what room I wanted in the house. I told her I didn't care. That was a gimme. Everyone knows you're kinda bitchy about stuff like that. I know, right? I wasn't thinking. I really am a terrible mole. Sorry. I'm sorry I thought you were a double agent. You really were trying to prove yourself, weren't you? I'm sorry about your roots. That's OK, I know you didn't mean it. No, I mean, I'm sorry about them. You could use a little touch-up. Get your own bag. Whatever. At this hour they'll just go straight to your hips anyway. While we appreciate you doing double duty on puke patrol and as rushee party pic purveyor, the point is to get their face. Sorry. Wasn't meant to be. Next! All right. Next! I like this guy. He's bald, we don't have a bald guy in the house. He started balding at age 12. Can you imagine the ridicule he must have gone through, all the nicknames he must have had? We should call him Cue Ball. You just want to rub his head for good luck, you know? All right, all in favor of giving Cue Ball a bid? Perfect. Moving on. This guy's name is Anthony Hopkins! It's his real name! He told Wade someone says "Hello, Clarice" to him a dozen times a day and he laughs every time. We don't even need to vote, right? He's definitely in. Next photo. Next. Wait! Let me say something. This is Andy, and he really wants to be a Kappa Tau. I screwed up. I tried to mess with karmic synergy and recruit Andy into our house. I told him not to raise his hand after Wade drops the cleaver. What? I know, it was wrong. It's not the KT way. I was rushing him based on his resume, just like every other house on campus, but Andy should not have to pay for my mistake. He said when he walked in that he knew this was the place for him. Maybe he wouldn't have run away or raised his hand, and ended up at the party without my help. We'll never know. But what I do know is that Andy's a really great guy. And we could call him Andy-licious... or something cooler. Come on, Cap, it's been 12 hours. All right, then, let's put it to a vote. All in favor of Rusty's golden boy, Andy? He's in. Great. Little Debbie Gibson accepted our bid. That's nice. We're not exactly in the position to deny anyone now. OK, fine, I'll try to appreciate her style as... ironically faux-retro-trashy or something. At least we got some pledges. Twenty is a respectable number. We'll just have to give out some snap bids, no problem. I can't wait for our pref party with the Lambda Sigs. After all this estrogen, I could use a good injection of testosterone. - Rebecca, how did you...? - I told them about Frannie-gate, and why I wanted to be the mole, despite protests from leadership. Then I got them to accept their bids to ZBZ. Way to go, Rebecca! Maybe I underestimated your plan after all. I have a present for you. - Frannie's Titanicbrush? - The real one. - How did you...? - I may be a terrible mole, but I'm an excellent thief. Listen up, everybody! This is Todd, aka Cue Ball! And this is Anthony Hopkins, aka... Anthony Hopkins! Two more KT pledges! I guess he's not gonna show. I'm sorry, Spitter. I thought it was for real, you know? I thought it was karmic synergy. Looks like it was. Go on! Go introduce your pledge. He's your monkey now. - You're here! - Yeah, sorry I'm late. I decided to stop by Omega Chi... You know, tell Calvin I decided to accept my bid at Kappa Tau. All right! Come on. May I have your attention, please? This is Andy, aka... Andy-licious!