You will be shot three times. You, agent Benford, you will kill agent Noh on March 15th with the very gun I assume you're carrying right now. We need to talk about what I saw. It wasn't our wedding, but his funeral. We can do more than wish. We can change the future. My therapist gave me this drug to unlock the parts of my flash-forward I couldn't remember. We were talking on the phone together. It's time for you to tell me everything. Mosaic is bigger than you. You're just a tiny speck. Agent Vogel has officially joined the mosaic task force. If you want to avoid being killed, you need a better partner than Benford. The second that Jericho knows that I'm still alive, they'll kill me. Corporal Willingham. I was in Tracy's convoy when it was attacked. I can't have you drinkin' here. It doesn't work for me. Fine. I'll go somewhere else. Visitahton rigs will be over in five minutes. - Have you been going to meetings? - Every Tuesday and Thursday. You've been staying out of trouble? You haven't been fighting? You know me, Tracy. I keep my head down. It's gonna happen, dad. You're gonna get paroled. They just can't say no this time. Transfer guard call is to the main gate.</i> I'm gonna make this up to you, if it's the last thing I ever do. Just promise you'll smile at the hearing. Ear to ear. Visiting hours are over. Okay, sweetheart. Lockdown in cell B will be initiated in 30 minutes.</i> Your girl goes to Gloucester high, right? She's cute. Girls that age... They're in full bloom. Not quite sure what to do with their new curves yet, though. And your daughter... She's got that look in her eye. Don't you ever, ever talk about my... Get off! Get him off. I'm good, thanks. - What are you doing here? - You said I couldn't drink at home. I know you don't want to hear this, but trust me. I've been sitting exactly where you're sitting right now. - I know what you're going through. - Please just spare me the AA Talk, dad. You have no idea. What gives you the right to come in here... We can talk about this as much or as little as you want. But let me just ask you one question before you shut me out again. If you're so scared these Jericho guys are after you, and I found you by walking into the closest bar... Do you really think this is a smart move here? Do you? - Mark is going to shoot you? - He's not going to shoot me. You said that woman in Hong Kong saw a report... Armed men guard this woman while she eats dinner, all right? Babe, she's shady. Yet she still knows the serial number to Mark's gun. That doesn't mean he's going to pulls the trigger. He's a prime suspect. Please, don't... don't get all lawyer-y on me here. All right? Mark is the one who went halfway across the world. He risked his life, all to find out who might kill me. Babe... he's not the guy. All right? It was your memorial. I figured it out. What was happening on the beach... It wasn't our wedding that I saw. Baby, it was your memorial. It doesn't matter. I filed the paperwork to destroy the gun. It's already in the evidence locker. Everything's gonna be fine. Everything is gonna be fine. Come here. You gotta trust me. I'm gonna marry you. Not getting out of it. We need to talk. All right. Come on in. Hypothetically, Mark. Hypothetically. Even I could come up with a scenario where I'd want to kill Demetri. No matter how crazy things get, I'd never hurt Demetri. But what if Demetri's got a gun to your head? He's about to pull the trigger. To save your own life, do you shoot him? - Come on. - Do you kill him? I know you love him, but I think you may want to reel it in there. So the question becomes, what could you possibly do where Demetri would want you dead? Do you have some deep, dark secret worth killing someone over? Then what am I missing here? Here's a theory... Someone at the bureau's been leaking information, putting a lot of us in danger. I don't think Demetri's the guy, but if he was... I'm sorry. I thought we were playing "outrageous accusations". Go to hell. ... for 69 yards will break the huddle.</i> Patterson to work out of the shotgun,</i> spread formation two receivers to his right.</i> Takes the snap, drop back. Looking, trying to hook up with Samuel, near side...</i> ... by a good 5 yards... Are you Mr. Aaron Stark? The commandant of the marine corps has entrusted me to express... I was a marine recon. I know why you're here. When and how? When and how? Two days ago, near Kunar province. Your daughter's unit encountered the enemy. A rocket-propelled grenade hit her Humvee. I know they're gonna send a letter. We're done. Is that what I think it is? Grilled peanut butter and banana sandwiches. Best thing in the world for a hangover. I always thought you made it 'cause I liked it. Two birds, one stone. Tracy, there's something I need to ask you. The name James Erskine ring any bells? No. Should it? I had Mark do some digging. Turns out this Jericho outfit... They've got branches all over the world, but they're headquartered out in Santa Monica. Erskine's head of operations. Mark also did a background check on your CO. Musgrove? Is he dirty? Lieutenant Paul Musgrove was killed in a helicopter crash two days after your supposed "death." Please tell me you don't think that's a coincidence. I don't. - And I got a buddy at the Pentagon... - Dad, please. I appreciate everything, but this is out of control. - I should've never listened to Khamir. - What's he got to do with this? When Jericho started looking for me again after the blackout, I knew that I had to leave, that it wasn't safe for anyone to be around me. A humanitarian relief plane landed near our village. They were headed back to the US, and they had room for me onboard, so they hid me in their cargo hold. Khamir said that it was a sign, it's all part of my destiny that I was supposed to come back here and bring you back to Afghanistan. What an idiot I've been. Aren't you being a little hard on yourself here? Once I got back here, and I actually saw you, the thought of bringing you back to that hellhole, to a place where you could get killed... I couldn't live with myself if anything bad happened to you, dad. Don't worry, sweetheart. I'm gonna be okay, and so are you. Trust me. Trust me. So do you want to explain why you brought me in here again? April 29th. We were on the phone together. Remember? A lot of things came up on that call... The name D. Gibbons, some initials, QED, and the fact that there's gonna be another blackout. You don't have anything to say about any of that? We have a sketch. We don't know who he is. But around the time of the blackout, he was happily cloning credit cards. He assumed the identity of someone named D. Gibbons. Based on our call, you seem to know him. I don't. No, I don't. You know what? I don't have the time to play pissy brit with you. Let's take a walk. - Hey. - Hey. - Lunch? - I'm bringing you a little something. - You didn't have to do that. - Well, she did, and such a generous portion. There's no way you're gonna finish that whole thing. Don't worry, Stan. I brought you something even more delicious. I filed a freedom of information act request on everything this office has on the mosaic investigation. You do what? If there's even one word in there that will keep you safe, - I have to... - This is my office. You don't just come in here and serve my boss papers. I'm not gonna stop until we're on that beach together. Somebody better start making some sense real soon. It's pretty simple, actually. I'm going to be reviewing all of your mosaic-related files. - She's going to be leaving right now... - Is this about Mark's gun? Please tell me that's not what's going on here. Mosaic's the subject of widespread national media attention, which is precisely the type of issue which qualifies for expedited processing - under FOIA. - Tell somebody who cares. Can I recommend you start with a judge? 'cause that's the only way I'm opening up assified files to you. We could do it that way, Stan. No problem. But going into court, it's public, and I'm guessing that "public" is not going to help your investigation much. Agent Noh will make the files available for you to review. Thank you. - Mike! How's everything? - Can't complain. Like my dad says, if all my problems could be solved with money, I'm doing good, right? How are you holding up? Couldn't be better. Could not be better. That's so great to hear. I think I know why. I got a call last week. It was my birthday. Blocked number. Person on the other end of the line doesn't say anything, but they don't hang up, either. We just sit on the phone in silence. Suddenly, it hits me... It's Tracy. She's alive, isn't she? She's at my house right now. Can you believe that? It's come true. It's come true. What are we doing here? You're gonna take me through everything you saw... - You've got to be joking. - And where you saw it. We were on the phone together. You heard everything I said. But I don't know why you said it or what you saw during the rest of your vision, for that matter. So if you want to help me stop another blackout from happening, or even if you don't, you're still gonna walk me through it. You got that? So let's move it. This doesn't bother you? Start at the beginning. I got a text message. I was getting up from the bed. I'm sorry, are these details really necessary? Do you think I want to hear 'em? I noticed that I had a text message on my phone. It was from Simon. It was a formula, or part of a formula. I'm not sure. I had it written out here on the mirror. Sorry, I have to make a call. The mirror? I used lipstick. I had a sense there was a woman in the room, but I swear to God, I had no idea it was Olivia. The next thing I did was dial a number. I didn't know it was yours. You said it wasn't a good time. I asked if you'd been drinking. You didn't take that very well. - Go to hell, Lloyd. - We need to talk.</i> - About what? - The QED.</i> On the phone call, you said you were close to cracking the QED. - Yeah, it's latin. It means... - <i>Quod erat demonstrandum.</i> "That which was to be demonstrated." Could be, but could be QED... Quantum electrodynamics. Actually, wait, no. Well, I said "the QED." You wouldn't put a definite article in front of the latin meaning or the discipline. But, you would put it in front of a formula. - The one on the mirror? - Absolutely. Sorry to keep you waiting, miss Hawk. Is there anything in here about prior medical histories? We need to discuss a couple of things before we go any further. I have a letter here from your obstetrician. The injury that you sustained when you were shot makes pregnancy unlikely for you. Your OB thinks it's too soon to pursue this, and frankly, I agree. What do you mean, you agree? I think we have a better chance of succeeding if we wait. In my flash-forward, I saw that I was pregnant. I was into my second trimester, which means... - I have to get pregnant now. - You're not thinking this through. You're wrong about that, because I can't stop thinking about this. I know that there are risks involved, but no amount of research... or statistics is gonna change the fact that I want that baby. Not a different baby two years from now when I'm more sure about my life or whatever. I want this specific child. This is my baby. Thank you. I told you to drop this. - You told me to trust you, and I do. - Then drop it. I've already found something in Alda Hertzog's deposition - that may help us. - Drop it. What if it were me? What if I didn't see anything? Would you listen if I told you to stop? Fine. You want to dig, you keep digging. But serving my boss with papers, trying to smear my partner, that is way the hell over the line. I'm going to do whatever I can to prevent your murder. Present arms! Ready. Aim. Fire! Sweetheart, I'm home. Somethin' burning? Trace? What? Trace? Tracy? Tracy, where are you? She's alive, isn't she? As we spoke, I walked down the stairs. By then I was standing here. I heard a little girl's voice. I presume that was your daughter. - <i>Go ahead. It's your house, too.</i> - She went into the kitchen with Dylan. You started explaining something. Well, it's only theoretical, but I'm close to cracking it.</i> You need to hurry. There's gonna be another blackout.</i> I hung up. I sat down on the couch. The last thing I remember was that I heard a voice... before I could see who it was, I woke up on the floor at NLAP. Wait. You skipped something. Why were you so adamant when you started talking about D. Gibbons? The man you call D. Gibbons lied to you.</i> - I don't know. I don't know him. - I didn't ask if you knew him. I asked, why were you so adamant? I don't know. You know this man. Not in the future, right now. Well, I don't. I was angry because I was on the phone with some drunk. You called me. I was important to what was going on. You're not telling me everything. I don't know any D. Gibbons. - You said D. Gibbons was a liar. He is a liar! So you do know him. I've been trying to reach you. What's up? I talked to jack. He said you were movin'? Yes, sir. My old man got me a job closer to home. Can't say no to family, right? Good on you. Nothing more important than family. I'm glad I caught you. Let me buy you a burger before you take off. Come on. All right, a quick bite. Did you know I went to prison? You serious? Two and a half years. Got into a bar fight, hit a guy a little too hard. Damn. I didn't know that, Aaron. Where is this place? Tell you one thing... Prison, especially where I was, It changes you, makes you a capable man. - Capable of what? - Anything. Everything. You feel like an animal. - Guess you do what you gotta do, right? - Exactly. That's what I think. But the trick, Mike, is leaving that animal inside once they let you out. That animal's got no place in the world. I've worked real hard to keep him locked up. But you know what? Today, I'm gonna let him out. Where is she, Mike? Where's my daughter? I don't know what you're talking about! I know you tipped off Jericho! - Where'd they take her, Mike? - Dude, I don't... Where'd they take her, Mike? You break an arm like this, it never heals right. You're gonna get us both killed! You first! Everything's out of control at work. You know, wedeck's not talking to me. Why not? Zoey... Ambushed him with F.O.I.A. Papers. She thinks alda has some information about my murder. That's crazy. It's like she's acting like she loves you or something. All right, Janis. Where were you today, by the way? I was at a fertility clinic. Okay. Yeah, I know. I practically had to beg them to take me on as a client. Did they? All right. I pushed pretty hard. But I have to conceive this baby next week to match what I saw. Next week? Well, that's... That's great. That's great. Aren't you... Aren't you scared, though The whole mom thing I mean, with our line of work and all? Yeah, I know, but that's kind of my point. I don't want my life to just be about being an FBI agent. And if I want that life, I have to start living it right now. When I got shot and I was lying there Listening for the ambulance, The only thing I could think about was that baby And the possibility that I wouldn't get to have her, That I would miss dressing her in pink... That I would never get to brush her hair. Broke my heart. Janis, don't get me wrong here, but... - She doesn't exist yet. - Yes, she does. I know she does. She's out there. Making her way toward me. I've spent almost every waking moment Thinking about who she's gonna be. I can't wait to meet her. You're gonna be an awesome mom. Thanks, Dem. We both have to fight for the futures we want. Get rid of that gun. The man you call D. Gibbons his real name is Dyson Frost. Dyson Frost? - How'd you know him? - I heard him give a lecture on the wave structure of matter once. He was on sabbatical at oxford. I was doing research on wave mechanics, and I had to sit there and listen to him take credit for work I'd done but hadn't published yet. I mean, it was indisputably mine, but I had no way of proving he'd got his hands on it. Bastard. So D. Gibbons is a liar. Some time after I read his obituary, I remember thinking, "good riddance." But obviously, he's still alive. And at some point assumed the identity of D. Gibbons. Charlie said, <i>"D. Gibbons is a bad man."</i> I thought maybe... You said it to her... in your vision. No, I didn't. - You haven't asked her about it? - I've tried. She's shut down. Well, it seems I'm not the only person you need to talk to. These men who kidnapped you did they tell you why they took you? What they wanted? Was it revenge? Okay, so they torture you for 72 hours, Cut off your friend's finger yet they never told you why? Made any demands, threatened you in any way? They didn't threaten me. They threatened Dylan. Lying to me won't keep him safe. Talking to me will. I gave them everything... Energy levels, equipment settings, Monitoring parameters. Could they use any of it to cause another blackout? That's what I'm afraid of, Especially after what I said to you in my vision. This guy... Dyson Frost... He's the key. We find him, maybe we can stop this thing from happening again. I need your help, Lloyd. I'll do whatever I can. I got some interesting information from lloyd about Dyson Frost, also known as D. Gibbons. According to Simcoe, Dyson Frost wrote this seminal paper about something called <i>"the mirror test."</i> What the hell is a <i>mirror test</i>? It's a test that determines recognition of consciousness among species humans, elephants, crows. Crows... Somalia? Everything points to it, Stan. The crow die off in somalia. We found towers in the satellite photos. We need to be there. I spoke to a team leader at Red Panda. They fly in and out all the time safely. Bird-watching in somalia? How am I gonna sell that to washington? You don't. It's always better to beg for forgiveness Than ask for permission. This is mark. Leave it here. I'll get back to you. </i> Mark, it's me. Some serious stuff has gone down,</i> and I need you to run a background check on that guy</i> James Erskine, the head of Jericho. Get back to me as soon as you can. Thanks, buddy. Appreciate it. What the hell? - James Erskine? - Yes? Good afternoon, sir. I'm with the department of water and power. Computer is telling me we've got some surges affecting some houses. Do you mind if I take a look At the main line out back? Take a look. I need you to get it fixed. We need the power turned on. Come on. We're throwing a birthday party here, and it's like the middle ages. Good afternoon, miss Hertzog. Do I know you? I'm Zoey Andata. You met my fiance Demetri Noh. Remind me to send you a condolence card In a couple months. You can send me a wedding present instead. Nothing's gonna happen to Dem. All prognostic evidence to the contrary. We've already seen that the future can be changed, And I think you're gonna help me change it. I've been going over the transcripts of your interrogation, and I think you know more than you've told the FBI, And I think that what you do know Is somehow related to Demetri's death. And you think I'd give up this information to you because... I'm a believer in true love? Ma'am, if you let me represent you, The only thing you need to believe in is attorney/client privilege. Right. A fed's girlfriend is going to exonerate me. Let me ask you a question. In your flash-forward, were you in prison? You gonna fix this thing already, or do I have to call somebody else? I'm not here to fix your power. What? I'm here to get my daughter back. I don't know who you are or what you're talking about. Tracy stark. I know you took her. Now you're gonna give her back. Daddy, when are they gonna fix the power? Soon, baby. Soon. I'll be right there. I can't give you your daughter back. Then we go to war. I can't because I don't know who she is or what you're talkin' about. And if that means we're at war, then we're at war. But if this is your opening salvo, buddy, I'd consider surrendering. You know the guys you really gotta be afraid of? The ones who got nothing left to lose. "You're going to Somalia without me? No one knows that case better than me" I understand... But you're staying here. And it isn't because you're irrational, erratic and frequently stupid. It's because you're essential. I don't like you, but, I need you. Listen, Janis, Demetri, If they don't make it back, it's a tragedy. But if you don't, it's a catastrophe. The truth is, Mark, our entire investigation hinges on what's in your head. And I'm here to make sure you don't lose it before april 29th. But in Hong-Kong, you said mosaic was bigger than me. I lied. I'm cia. I do that. That's why no one trusts you folk. I don't need 'em to trust me. I just need them to do what I say. You're staying here. It's me. Just had a visit from the father. - <i>You're kidding me.</i> - I thought your guy, what's his name? - <i>Willingham.</i> - Yes Willingham. - I thought he keep an eye on him. - <i>We ended the surveillance this week.</i> - <i>You want the dad taken off the board? - The package is secure? We need to talk to her, make sure she stays alive.</i> It arrived in Kandahar this morning. Then get rid <i>of the father</i>. Daddy? Gotta go. It's my turn in the bounce house. I come, baby. Kandahar. They're calling you to kill me, Mikey. Too bad you got places to be. You people with the FBI found out about Somalia. As CIA, I can get us there. That's what being a joint task force is all about. Now you know the deal. Ganwar region, 1991... crows fell from the sky. There were anecdotal reports of a mass loss of consciousness. Archived satellite photos show five towers running a perimeter around the village in question. One of those towers remains standing. Our goal is to access that tower and determine If and how a blackout occurred. - Are we using Mark's red panda plan? - No. Mark wanted to work with red panda. We're going as red panda. That violates about a dozen international treaties. Are you sure we want to go down that road? This is international intelligence, Agent Hawk CIA jurisdiction. It's my ball to call. Great. When do we leave? When we leave is classified. The tower you're investigating is based on my designs... designs that were stolen from me when I was 13 years old. Our plan is to document the site extensively for your review. You can't document something you don't understand. You need me on-site. You showed me the towers Because you didn't know what they were. - I'm the one who told you. - Do you know anything about Somalia? A bit dry. Gorgeous beaches. It's a failed state. They haven't had a functioning government since 1991. I saw "black hawk down." I get it. The fact is, you can't make sense of the tower without me, and you know it. Learn it, cover to cover. And stop by medical and get your shots, Cholera, typhus and ten other bugs you never heard of. Just be warned, we will be off the reservation. If things go sideways, there is no cavalry. See you on the tarmac. Came to take you home. It's been a long day. Not finished here yet. Oh, you're finished. I say you're finished. Let's go home. You... You want to tell me what that was all about? It was about doing everything that I can to make sure you're on that beach on our wedding day. I needed those files because... I'm representing Alda Hertzog. - You're what? - She has information about your death, and I want to know what it is. So I made a deal with her. I get her a hearing. - She gives me the details. - She is a terrorist, zoey! A suspected terrorist, dem, with information that might save the lifeof the man that I love, What you're doing here. Baby, I would do anything, anything. If I thought it could save your life, I'd do anything. I'm scared. I don't want you to die. Baby, I love you. I love you, too. I love you. Come with me. There's something I gotta take care of. This is Mark. Leave it here. I'll get back to you. Just calling to let you know that things have escalated a little bit with tracy's... friends. But it's okay. I'm good. Things are... happening just the way they're supposed to. Buttercream frosting. Irina, this cake is outstanding. I'm gonna be going off the grid for a little while. If you need me... - Sorry, man. - Take her out of here. These people went too far, and I'm not gonna lay down. It's my time to make a move. I'm in this thing all the way to the end. How'd you find me? I'll always find you, kiddo. So long, buddy. It's a service weapon, formerly belonging to Agent Benford. Serial number A-5-6-1-9-8-4. - That's the one. - I'll bring it right out. - And, demetri? - Yeah? I have a blowtorch if you want. Thanks man. Figured I'd just rent a boat and throw it out In the middle of the ocean, but, the thought of watching it melt... not bad. I'm sorry. I can be a little... Confrontational at times. You? No. It's one of the things you love about me though, right? It is. It's right up there with clipping the toenails in bed. Jerk. It's gone. What are you talking about?