But most of all, we love you. I need to know exactly what you saw in your flash-forward. I wrote a formula on your bedroom mirror, I think it relates somehow to the global blackout. Tell me what I need to know, - you can walk out of here. - Who are you? You don't want to know the answer. You, Agent Benford, you will kill Agent Noh on March 15th with the very gun you're carrying right now. I filed the paperwork to destroy the gun. The box is here, but the gun is gone. Dyson Frost shot a homeless man with Mark's gun. - Vreede, I want you to find that gun. - You know more than you've told the FBI and what you do know is somehow related to Demetri's death. Want to get married tomorrow? Then we get on a plane. We go to Hawai. Maybe we don't ever come home. Dyson Frost, where are we? We're closing in, but he's always one step ahead of us. Benford? Dyson Frost. I was anxious about coming in, but it's time we talk. I'll be in touch.</i> Hello, Charlie. -= Blackout Team =- Saison 1 - Épisode 17 -= The Garden of Forking Paths =- Charlie-bear, we need you to tell us what he looked like. He was tall. Do you remember what he was wearing? A jacket. What color was it? I don't know. Did he have glasses or a watch or anything like that? I don't know. It's okay, sweetie. It's okay. We wouldn't be asking you if it wasn't important. What you say could help us find Demetri. She knows that, Mark. She's trying. Charlie, you're doing really good. Sometimes... closing our eyes helps us remember more. You want to do that with me? Good. Come on. - What do you see now? - He knew my name. Hello, Charlie. But I didn't know who he was. They make a mean cotton candy here, don't they? I'm not supposed to talk to strangers. Well, I'm not a stranger. If I were a stranger, would I know your name? I work with your daddy, and I hear that you're a big reader. Do you like Dr. Seuss? Yeah. Me, too. You know, my favorite is "One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish." That one is for little kids. Well, maybe. You know, even grown-ups can learn from that book, 'cause Dr. Seuss has all the answers. - I like Horton. - Horton? That's a good one, too. I mean, Horton's a trouper had faith to carry his mission through to the end even when others doubted him. You know, Charlie, I need you to do something for me. I want you to give this to your daddy. Now it's very important. Okay? Bye-bye. And then what happened? Then he left. - We should get going. - We're done, right? You did great. We're so proud of you. Sorry I didn't know all the answers, daddy. What are you talking about? Come here. You were fantastico. Yeah, you were a great help. We should go. It was good to see you. - Thank you for coming in, Charlie. - You're welcome. You know, Charlie, there's one more thing you could do for me. I have this jar of jelly beans on my desk and I hate jelly beans. I know you probably hate jelly beans, too... - I don't hate jelly beans. - You don't hate jelly beans? Really? Why don't you come help me out, then? - Help him out. - Come on and help me out, then we'll be right back. - So what's your favorite kind? - I like the green ones. That was fast. She got so big. She seems okay though, right? I think so... As far as you can tell what's going on inside the mind of a 6-year-old. She needs to talk to someone. I really don't want that, Mark. We have a child psychologist that works here. - Why not call her? - 'Cause she doesn't need therapy. She needs stability. She needs to feel protected. She needs to know there aren't going to be scary men asking her to deliver messages to her dad. She thinks you're gonna die, Mark. Look! - He let me have all the green ones. - Yes, he did. - Do you want one? - Yeah. - Can mommy have one? - Yeah. No, thank you. Let's go, sweetie. Zoey Andata to see Alda Hertzog. Officer Stillman to cellblock D. Officer Stillman to cellblock D. Alda, it's march 15th, the day that Demetri's supposed to die... he's gone missing. Maybe he's just in Cabo with his new girlfriend. Alda, shut up. I need you to tell me everything that you know... Everything, right now. - I already have. - I don't believe you. The only reason that I agreed to represent you is because you said there was more. I know that you don't care if Demetri lives or if he dies. But I think that you do care about getting the hell out of here. Alda, we made a deal. If you know anything... Please. Get me a hearing and we'll talk. I've been held here for five months as a material witness, and I haven't been charged with crap. - I'm sick of it. - I know. I applied for a habeas hearing a month ago. You know this. We are just waiting for a court date. Guess you should try to expedite things. There is no way that we would ever be able to get a hearing today. Even if we could, there's no judge that would be able - to release you in time. - Who said anything about being released? You want me to tell you what I know about Demetri? Get me a hearing today. Mark's gonna meet Frost in Union Station like the drawing said, but I want him covered. We'll pick him up on the way out. - It's not gonna be that easy. - The trains stopped, he won't get out. Frost is a genius, a planner. He's not gonna walk into what he knows is a trap. Vreede, what do you got on the painting Frost used to send his message? "Oedipus and the Sphinx" by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres, 1808. Is Frost trying to tell us something? - It's a bit of a stretch. - He may be crazy, but he's deliberate. Could be meaning in everything he does. Why a carnival? Why Dr. Seuss? Why Oedipus? - He's in love with his mother? - Right. That, and maybe he's trying to tell us something about self-fulfilling prophecy. By trying to escape his fate, Oedipus set into motion the very events he wanted to avoid. So by trying not to get shot on march 15th, - Dem just walked into Frost's trap? - Something like that, yeah. How do you know that by trying to rescue him, we're not gonna do the same thing and end up sealing his fate? I don't. But I promised Demetri he wasn't going to die today, and I'm keeping that promise. The man you're about to meet, he's brilliant but a little eccentric. We had to fake his death in order to remove him from the public eye, and he's been difficult ever since. So why rely on him? Only a few people understand the physics involved in all this. He's one of them. Just know that if he gets too unmanageable, we may ask you to take care of him. Say the word and consider it done. That's what I like about you, Alda. Clean, efficient and eager to please. Careful of the dominoes. - Who's your friend, Hellinger? - Alda Hertzog, this is Dyson Frost. Dyson helped us engineer the Raven River experiments. Helped you? I created them. In any event, he's one of the few remaining participants still alive. Are we still on schedule? October 6th. I've set up global monitoring stations to track the waveform's propagation. So if Simcoe and Campos find their dark matter, then we're on our way. Is the QED ready? The first one is. The rest will take a bit more time. That's astounding. It's hard to imagine you're able to fit that much microcircuitry into such a small space. I'm brilliant, right? There are a few people who understand the physics involved in all this.</i> He's one of them. Just know that if he gets, too unmanageable,</i> we may ask you to take care of him. I promise you that when the time comes, I'll be half a dozen moves ahead of you. Let's hope that time doesn't come, then. You can go now. I just have to ask... What's with all the dominoes? This is my garden... and the white ones chart the path of my escape. That makes no sense at all. It does if you live in my head. Careful. You move too much, the gun will fire. I call it the garden of forking paths. All those lines... They're futures that branch off of each critical decision I made. For me it started back in the '80s... A place called Raven River. We engineered hundreds... even thousands of flash-forwards. Sometimes we jump 20 minutes. Sometimes we jump 20 years. But every time we jumped, we saw a different possible future. Take the day of the blackout. Had we failed, a different path would have opened up. We succeeded, so we move on to the next decision point... A new path, which brings us to today... March 15th... The most important fork of all. My murder? Our murder. You see, the thing is, Demetri, in almost every future, I don't live past today. 78% of the time, you end up killing me. Why? Self-defense, stupidity, bad luck... I could construct a hundred scenarios. The point is, once we've glimpsed it, the future wants to happen. It gains weight. It's like atmospheric pressure bearing down. If we want to escape that pressure, we have to do something drastic. Why the death trap? Why don't you kill me? Why even bother using Mark's gun? I'm attempting to conform to the predicted future as closely as I can while still allowing for the possibility that we both might live. I want to come in from the cold, and you're my insurance. - That makes me feel better. - Two birds, one gun. You're insane. Most oracles are, you know? They see the future, and the knowledge ends up destroying them. I'm going now. This is ridiculous. You wanted to come in from the cold, you want to share what you know. Share what you know! Careful. I don't know what's gonna happen, Demetri. But in all likelihood, one of us will die today. Come back. Doesn't have to work out this way. You hear me? You come back! Bishop one, how's it going? We've cloned the station's CCTV for maximum coverage. But so far,</i> no sign of Frost. Just make sure you don't spook him. We're being discreet, sir. I promise.</i> Last call. This is your last call for the number 2 train</i> departing from track 10. Bishop one, I see white male in a green army jacket, approaching kingmaker. Disregard. He's moving on. That was the fastest cholecystectomy I've ever seen. Trying to catch up. I got a late start and a board full of elective cases. Maneesh, what inhaled anesthetic did you use? Sevoflurane. - Does anyone use halothane anymore? - In developing countries maybe, here it's pretty much been replaced by newer agents. Why the sudden interest in old-school anesthesia? It's complicated. There's this formula that Lloyd showed me. He thinks it has something to do with the blackout. So you're talking to him again. He thinks the formula for halothane has something to do with it. Interesting. Can you meet me in the PICU? I need to cannulate a kid for ECMO. I knew you'd get a same day hearing if you put your mind to it. Hold here, please. Is appendicitis supposed to hurt on the right or the left? Alda, please. I could get disbarred for this. Lost job, dead boyfriend. Hard choice. You arrange for all these extra marshals? - You must think I'm a big cheese. - Don't flatter yourself, sweetheart. This is standard procedure for all of my lying psychopathic clients. So just stay quiet and follow my lead. I'll be good. I promise. Dr. Benford? What's happened? Is Mark okay? I need to talk to you about a murder. As a part of the investigation into Dem's disappearance, we're looking into the shooting of a homeless man in a shelter downtown. He didn't have any formal ID on him. - What does this have to do with Dem? - Mark's gun was used in that murder, and we have reason the believe that the man who took Demetri has that gun now. We were hoping that if we could ID the guy, we might uncover a connection to Frost that would lead us to him. So once you find Frost, you'll find Demetri. Right. I went through the victim's stuff and... found a disposable cell phone. The phone had an old text message sent to your number. My number? Why would he possibly have my number? It was from October. The contents were sensitive. It said, "Mark was drinking in his flash-forward." Would you mind... Just coming down to the morgue and taking a look at the body? You must know this man somehow. Yeah, I'm sure I don't. He knew you, and anything you know could help Demetri. Let me change. All bishops, I have an african-american boy, blue shirt, superman backpack, approaching kingmaker. Are you Mark Benford? - That's right. - Some weird guy paid me $50 to give you this. Something's going down. Bishop five, pick up that kid outside the West entrance for questioning. Bishop 5, 10-4. Don't speak. I know they're watching you.</i> They can't hear what I'm saying, so just listen. I've got Demetri, and I'll kill him if you don't do exactly what I say.</i> Crank it up. All I hear is ambient noise. I want to come in, and I can tell you when</i> and why the next blackout will occur. I want to help you, but because I've parted ways with my associates, they're gonna do</i> anything to ensure that you don't bring me - <i>in to custody.</i> - We can protect you. Don't speak! You speak again and Demetri's dead. If you understand, say "Figueroa". "Figueroa". He said "Figueroa". It could be Figueroa Street in downtown L.A. That should misdirect your friends a bit.</i> Now I'm gonna direct you to a new location</i> where we'll meet face-to-face and discuss the terms of my surrender. When I hang up the phone, this is what you're going to do.</i> All right, people. I want a tap on that cell phone now! We're scanning frequencies, sir, but there're too many in the station. Mark can draw him out, sir. We need to give him some time.</i> Time is the one thing we don't have. Now, Mark, if all my directions are understood,</i> say "Pico." "Pico". He said Pico and Figueroa. I want two SWAT teams to the intersection of Pico and Figueroa. Perfect. And that number that I jotted down on the back of the Polaroid? Set your watch to count back from it.</i> Now you know how long Demetri has left to live. Start running, Mark. We'll see each other soon.</i> What's he doing? Where's he going?</i> He's leaving the concourse. We can't lose him. Go! Remember these instructions: run to the men's room. Throw the phone away.</i> If you bring a weapon, Demetri will die.</i> There's a panel. Inside you'll find</i> a zoomcar access card. - He's not here. - What the hell is he doing? I'm here. Start driving north. I'll give you directions on the way.</i> What the hell is going on out there? He's running. Your Honor, it is imperative to Ms. Hertzog's well-being that the metropolitan detention center order a CAT scan on her distended and painful abdomen. Ms. Andata, the doctor on call at MDC examined Ms. Hertzog, not once but twice. Isn't that right? - That is correct, Your Honor, but... - And he's found no appendicitis in either of those examinations. Now correct me if I'm misreading the records. I am misreading things? Sorry. That's not what I meant. But appendicitis is responsible for over 20,000 deaths - in the United States alone, and I... - That's some very nice research, but I'm afraid it's not relevant to your motion, which is hereby denied. And, Ms. Andata, I suggest you think twice before you bring another frivolous claim into my courtroom. I will impose sanctions on attorneys who abuse the process. Understood, Your Honor. Thank you. I'm sorry. Don't look so worried. I didn't say we had to win. Then tell me. Where's Demetri? I don't know. But in my flash-forward, I heard they found his body, in building seven. Building seven? What does that even mean? That's all I know. - What am I supposed to do with that? - You're a smart girl. You'll figure something out. Holding cell 4. We got a breach in holding cell 4.</i> If you want to save Demetri, you're gonna have to come to me alone.</i> Head north on highway 57 into the Antelope Valley.</i> At the 31st mile marker, you're gonna turn right</i> on an unmarked dirt road. Follow the road 5 miles till it comes to an end.</i> I left a compass for you in the glove compartment.</i> Get a bearing north and start walking towards</i> the Tehachapi Mountains for 1 mile. If you make any outgoing calls, or if anyone follows you,</i> Demetri will die. No dental records, no identifying scars. Even his fingerprints were scrubbed off. Scrubbed off? This guy definitely did not want to be identified. Come on. Throw us a bone. Is there anything distinct here or unusual? - Demetri is running out of time. - Well, there is this. Look at the limbic system. Huge hippocampus. I'm thinking our John Doe could have been some kind of savant. Savants can develop an enlarged hippocampus - related to their memory capacity. - Like a "Rain Man" sort of thing? - Exactly. - Sorry. I've never seen him in my life. You sure? There's a box of stuff we found under his bed in the shelter. It had an address book in it. Perhaps there's something in there that'll explain his connection to you. I'd do anything to help Demetri, but I'm not connected to him. Olivia, you are. You just don't know how. So here we are again, Mark. Time for you and me to save the world. You got my messages and followed the instructions. I'm impressed. - So I'm flattered. - Where's Demetri? Most of my associates wanted you dead months ago. But I resisted because I wanted to see things through to this day. Why me? Because I don't trust the rest of the FBI. - Nor should you. - We found a mole. And you think that makes you safe? You have no idea. Here. Put those on, and we'll talk. - Mind if I have a little water first? - Be my guest. At this point, it's Demetri's minutes you're burning. Gasoline! It burns! Siphoned from the gas tank. Get up! No more games, Frost. Where's Demetri? This is not the way it was supposed to play out! - Building seven. - That's it? There's gotta be a million building seven in Los Angeles, - and how do we know it is Los Angeles? - I'll run it through the system. And of course, Alda could be lying. Demetri told me, he warned me about... Zoey, stop. Sit, please. I'm gonna have Janis flag every building seven in the vicinity of your house, the FBI and the wedding chapel. We'll start there, and we'll keep sweeping until we find him. How? How could you possibly do that in time? We have the most sophisticated search technology in the world. And a team of agents who won't rest until he's back safely. We're gonna find him. Listen to me! I'm tired of playing around, Frost! - Where's Demetri? - You already know where he is! I gave Charlie all the answers! You gave my Charlie the answers? What the hell are you talking about? Get up. Get up! Start walking. We're running out of time. I know! The whole world is! Quiet. Walk! But in the end, you're gonna be saved by the lady you see every day. What are you talking about? What? Start walking. Listen carefully to what I'm about to tell you. Move! Someone followed you here. No one followed me. Not today, Mark. Stay with me, Frost. All right? You gotta tell me where Demetri is. What's going on, Frost? What's this all about? What are you doing? I did what I did... for a reason. How do I stop this? What do I need to know? What do I need to know? Tell me where Demetri is. Stay with me, Frost. Stay with me. You gotta tell me where Demetri is! I need Frost's car. Demetri! Damn it! Damn it. Where have you been, Frost? "Oedipus and the sphinx" by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres. Ingres. Proceed to the highlighted route. What brings you guys to the neuroscience center? Dr. Ebbing, we're investigating the murder of a homeless man in a shelter downtown. We found something of yours among the victim's belongings when he died. My address book, - obviously, stolen from my office. - We think the guy may have been a savant. Perhaps he was one of your patients. It's possible. He doesn't look familiar. Savants are referred to me from all over the country, and any number of them have eidetic skills. That's photographic memory. Some of my patients are like human video cameras. You know, they're compelled to record staggering quantities of information, phone books, encyclopedias, the entire Sunday "new York times." So any one of your patients could have lifted this phone book. Exactly. There's really no one particular person who maybe stands out as a candidate? Sorry. - You're a trauma surgeon? - Yeah. Savants, not your usual terrain, are they? I guess I'm branching out. Turn left ahead. You have arrived at your destination.</i> Any luck finding Mark? GPS request just came in from Antelope Valley. We could get a lead on where he was going. Do they have data? - We're waiting. - Why not... It's not our satellite! I've got no time for explanations. I'm at an abandoned army depot 46 miles</i> northeast of Antelope Valley. I'm standing in front of two dozen or so warehouses. Dem's inside one of them. If I don't find him in three minutes, he's dead. - Building seven. - Building seven. Seven? How'd you know? Alda Hertzog. She told me it was a very important piece of information. None of these buildings have numbers! Yes, they do. - What? - Rooftops. <i>Mark, where are you?</i> I'm three buildings up from the South end of the complex. They numbered them even/odd. It's the fourth building on the right. Get an ambulance just in case. Are you alone? - I'm alone. - Talk to me. What's going on? - What is this? - There's a rig with your gun, and it's pointed at me. I can't move. You got about two minutes and change to do something. - Easy. - All right. Garage door auto-firing - pistol. - Easy. There's wires on the barrel-sensors. You monkey with any of that stuff - or try to put anything between and... - It fires. - Right. - It fires. Okay. All right. What are you doing? I'll push back against the trigger mechanism to see if I can try to... try to do what? I can't stop the timer, but maybe I can move the gun. This is it. This is it. My hand. My gun. Just like Nhadra said. 85 seconds. No pressure. Red and blue. Tell zoey, - tell Zoey I love her, okay? - Tell her yourself. Frost said Charlie gave me the answers. "One fish two fish red fish blue fish." "One fish two fish red fish blue fish." - Is that Dr. Seuss? - One, two, red, blue. If I pull the wires in that order, maybe I could try - to disengage the gun. - Mark. Whichever way this goes, no regrets, okay? No looking back. No regrets. No regrets. It's gonna work. If I can just move the gun. Sloppy work, buddy. Bleeding all over yourself. I'm just having an off day. You okay? I'm friggin' great. You should be. It's march 15th, and you lived. Frost said he saw different futures. His map of the future. He called it his, garden of forking paths. - You think it's safe to stand now? - Only one way to find out. Stay low. On the count of three. You gotta be kidding me. Gotta love this guy. Even in death, he manages to screw us. Good thing Mark saved the day, since all we found was a phone book.</i> - Can I get a small... - She'll have a small soy latte, no foam, extra shot, half sugar, half aspartame. Now you say your thing. Say it. Say the thing you were gonna say. You say... - How do you know my order? - That's what you say. I say I have stood behind you in this line many times. You always order the same way. I've never ordered from this cart before. I have stood behind you here in this line, on this day, many, many times. And you always order the same way. My name is Gabriel. - You deserve a break today. - Okay, hi. My name is Gabriel. Don't touch this. You can't touch this. It's about the raven River experiments. - The raven River experiments. - What? My friend wanted to talk to you about, only he's dead now, and it's up to me. - What friend? - My friend. He's dead, although technically he's still my friend. He texted you. - What do you know about the text? - The flash-forwards... the blackout. Sir, I think, you need to come and talk to us. No, you don't say that. You never say that. Can't touch this! Can't touch this! Just a few questions. The dominos are falling, Olivia. You got through the day. Boss. - What was all this? - This? This could have been the break we needed, the key to the mosaic investigation. Frost's personal road map of the future. According to Demetri, the guy had hundreds of flash-forwards. So this crazy-ass map charted all the moments he saw - leading up to today and beyond. - What do you mean? There were events on here that occurred after April 29th. - You remember any of them? - A few. One stood out, though. It was all the way up by the top, the furthest one from today. All the other various branches seemed to lead to it. December 12, 2016. And after the date...