The place looked worse than ever. You want to go back. Oh,my God,it's him. Kaitlin. Dr.Roberts! All the older kids,they've graduated. Now I can rule Harbor. Oh,my God,okay. I'm going to get him to pull the car over so we can finally finish this! "We are happy to announce that your application has been approved. " I start in January. I figured Brown was a little Vanity Fair for my taste,and now I'm considering the Sorbonne. One more Cooper family hug. Marissa! No. You were the first person I met here. I'd kind of like to be the last person to say good-bye. 5 months later Hello? Hi. Right now,no. Yeah. Yeah,okay. I'll be right there. Is he here? Thank you.You've been very helpful. Hey,Ryan,you there? I just want to talk to you for a minute. Come on.We miss you! We're worried about you. Hey,Kaitlin,why aren't you in school? Because it's 8:00 at night and a Saturday. Oh,that's nice. Well,I guess I'm going to get going. Where are you going? You know you're not supposed to be driving at night anymore. Great boots,baby. Mom,maybe I should go with you. Hey,Ryan. Come on in. The O.C. -=The Last Fantasy=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync:fisherchen -=www.eastgame.net=-</font> (36 hours earlier) So Friday morning,a little check-in before the weekend. I'm still here,kicking it Newport style. I can't believe I just said that. But,uh,yeah,things are good. Ryan's decision to defer college seems to be working out well. He's got a new place,new job,made some new friends. Sandy Cohen is doing what he does best,fighting the man,sticking up for the little guy. I don't care if a plea helps the judge make his tee time. Listen,listen,I've got to go.My kid's here. All right. Big news,the other day I went roast beef,he went turkey. Roast beef wasn't as rare as I like,but he's really turned me on to the spicy mustard. And my mom,she's more of a honey mustard gal, which I discovered the other day when she invited me to join her for a Newpsie luncheon. They're actually not that bad if you take the time to get to know them. And that Teran,one of the great dry wits. And I said,"Honey,that is not toothpaste. " "It's not toothpaste. " Tell us another. Although she's not a fan of tuna,but do you know who is? This is the shot. Me and your dad have really bonded. Been a lot of that,me and adults bonding. No! How could he miss that? Although I do see Kaitlin from time to time. You'll never guess who she's befriended- Brad and Eric Ward,Luke's twin brothers. They seem to be a chip right off Luke's block. Taylor sent me some pics from Paris- did you get them,too? Her e-mail was in French.I'm not quite sure what it said. Maybe your French is better than mine. Anyway,it was good to catch up. Only a couple more months until I'm at RISD and we're together. xxxxxxxx boycott caged chicken Summer,we got to get out on the quad.This thing' going down,like,right now. Chafe,hey,um,what are we protesting? The chickens,man.It's the chickens! Right,okay,just give me a sec. Every second that goes by,another chicken is caged. Then let's get out there. Yeah. What? I'm sorry,maybe I didn't understand you correctly. Did you seriously just ask if there was a comic book based on the X-Men movie? Hey,sweetheart. How's work? Uh,I'm worried,Mom. I'm worried about the future of America. Leon. The whole world's going to hell. Hey,Leon. I brought some... Another care package for Ryan? Well,just a few things: coffee,bagels,cereal, and I was hoping you could put in some comic books,but nothing too dark. I'm sure some Archie and Jughead will cheer him right up. Seth. I don't know what you're expecting,Mom.The guy's changed. I will take the care package over where'll it'll sit next to all the other ones he hasn't opened in the last five months. Why don't you invite him for dinner? He didn't go to Marissa's funeral. You really think he wants to come over for family dinner at the Cohen's? Julie! Julie,what on God's formerly green Earth are you doing? Oh,hi. Am I making too much noise? For the people who live in San Diego,no,but for the rest of us,yes. I was surveying the yard this morning. I think Ernesto has gotten sloppy with these scrubs. Julie,stop it. Julie,stop it. Turn that...Put that thing down. Take off the goggles and talk to me. That would also require your removing the kerchief from around your mouth.Thank you. You want to hire new landscapers?I'll be happy to do the interviews. That's a good idea,honey. Listen to me. I know that all this busybody business is your way of coping with an unspeakable grief, but you're either going 100 miles an hour at the bushes or you're catatonic in bed. Oh,I'm just so tired from all the yard work. Julie,I'm not saying get over it. I'm not telling you to move on. I want you to take as long as you need,but would you please just let me in? Just let me help. Okay... you hire the landscapers. I'm going to go plug in my glue gun and finish those sea grass placemats I started last night. Thanks,hon. Hey,Kaitlin,can I give you a ride to school? Thanks. You know,it's nothing personal. She ignores me,too. I'm starting to think it's a good thing. Ryan! Ryan! Seth,go away.I'm sleeping. You're sleeping? And you're talking? Ryan,I don't even see how that's possible unless you're talking in your sleep. Hey,look,you're awake. Package from your mom.Thank you. Yeah. Aren't you going to invite me in? So the utility closet is the new pool house.Things change. It's the Seth Ryan time that counts. I'm tired Seth.I work nights. Right,but you don't work tonight,I checked with your boss, which is why I'm inviting you to dinner with us. Just show up.Eat some food,let my parents see that you're still alive. It'd mean a lot to them,and it'd mean a lot to me. Yeah,okay,sure,I'll see you tonight. Great. Hey,what are you doing? I was going to get some ice cream or something. Okay. xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx they're chickens They can't defend themselves. What are they going to do,unionize? Strike for better living conditions? It is up to us,man,to speak for them! Give poultry a voice! Chicken lovers of the world,unite! I love chicken.Nuggets are delicious. It is people like you keeping the chickens from flying free. Chickens can't fly. Oh,who are you to say that chickens can't fly. All it takes is one brave chicken to spread his wings and fly into the abyss. Yeah. Thanks,Chafe. Hello. Bonjour! Taylor? Oh,my God. I think you mean mon Dieu,Summer. Yes,c'est moi. How's Paris? Incroyable. You know,being an expat totally suits me. Except that I miss you. You can only parlez so much Francais until you start to get a little nostalgic for the motherland. Summer! One sec,Taylor. The copy shop is about to close. We got to run off some more flyers. Totally. Tell them to use the recycled paper. Taylor,you know what?I actually have to go. Oh,pas un problème. Well,it was great to talk to you. Listen,don't be a stranger,and have a great time in Paris. Vive la France,Summer. Vive la France! Can I get a little more coffee? Thank you. Okay,taste this and tell me if it's ready. It's hot! It is so hot! Did I overcook it? It is definitely not undercooked. table's set for four.Actually feels kind of weird. Well,things have been a little weird around here until lately. Tonight might not be any different. We shouldn't be expecting any miracles. No zippy one-liners? Not a lot of smiles. A few grunts.An occasional shrug. Yeah,it'll be just like old times. I'm looking forward to it. He'll be here any minute. So,ready or not,the pasta is coming off the stove. Oh,stand back,son.She's ready to blow. 'Cause it's hot,that's funny. Hey,man,good to see you. I heard you making plans with that kid.I didn't think you were going to show. I wouldn't miss it. All right,you drew that guy. No,no.Not tonight. What about him? What are you,crazy? No.I'm good. All right. Well,I thought dinner was excellent. Do you think anything happened to him? Ryan,it's Sandy again. The microwave still works,if you feel like dropping by. And,even if you don't,please call,huh? Let us know you're okay. Should we call the police? Hospitals? No.Mom,he's fine. Well,he's not,you know,fine,but he's not coming. Well,even if Ryan didn't want to come,he would have called,Ryan always calls. Where are you going? I'm going to try and talk to him. no offense,Dad,but I don't think he is going to be in the mood for one of your pep talks right now, as inspiring and motivational as they usually are. I'll go. Thanks for the compliment,however backhanded.Are you sure? Do you want your father to go with you? No,I got it. Dude,this place is crawling with Security. You really think it's the best place to smoke up? They're just a bunch of rent-a-cops,and this shwag you guys gave me is barely pot anyway. We might as well be smoking dirt. Sorry. The guy said that's all he had. Yeah,just blame it on your lame dealer. But,if I don't get an "A" in chemistry,I have only you two to blame. So,less whining,more lab reporting. Oh,no. What? Cops? No. Who's that skank with Dr.Roberts? I know that chick. Oh,yeah.That's Gloria. Gloria? Why does that sound familiar? She used to be friends with our mom. Before Dr.Roberts divorced her. So that's the step-monster? xxxxxxxxx I'm trying to hold it together here,but... I'm sorry. I know you're doing the college thing,I know I'm supposed to give you space. Just,um... call when you can,okay?Bye. Dude,I hear that kid from the bar is going to get his ass kicked. Do it! Do it! Hey,Summer,you probably can't hear your phone right now because of all the noise at your awesome college party. I hope it's awesome. I realize that sounded sarcastic,but,genuinely,I hope you're having a good night. I'm just in some sketchy neighborhood trying to find Ryan. Hey,it's your turn to jam on the didg. Okay,I'll just be there in a sec,okay? Okay.Is everything all right? Yeah. It's just,when I left to move out here,everything was kind of a mess at home. Well,it's about to get worse. If the polar ice caps keep melting at their current rate,all of Newport Beach is going to be underwater in ten years. Right. Well,it's a little more than that. Everyone hasn't really moved on like I have. I think my friends need me. Hey,Summer,wherever you go... there you are. Not to sound like my mom,but I'm worried about him. He could be in real trouble this time. Hello. Julie!My God!Are you all right? What happened?Was there an earthquake I didn't hear? No.Help me. I was just trying to rearrange some furniture. I got some very helpful tips from HGTV. Oh,great,and they suggested that you try to move a built-in? I didn't know it was a built-in. Well,it's not anymore. Mom,what are you doing? Rearranging the furniture? It's a built-in. Yes,thank you. Dr.Roberts wasn't there to help you? Yeah,Neil.Where have you been? I had a procedure. Emergency tummy tuck. Thank God you were there to prevent a tragedy from occurring. I have no feeling in my extremities. I'm sure you have a pill for that. Back off,Neil. I was almost just killed by your heinous furniture. It's mahogany. It was original with the house. Well,man,you do draw a crowd. They haven't seen a human punching bag before. Here's your money.You earned it. No,no. Keep it. Suit yourself. How you going to pay for your hospital bill? I'll see you. Hey,man. I saw your little performance.This is very Fight Club. Of course,at the end of that movie,it turns out Edward Norton's insane. Sorry I missed dinner. Well,not as sorry as my parents. You want to tell them about your new vocation,or should I? I'm not going to tell them about it,and neither are you. Sorry. Just forget it. Well,I don't know.Sandy's got a really good memory. It's not going to be so easy for him to forget the kid he adopted, and my mom's still kind of fond of you,so... I'm doing you guys a favor staying away. You're doing us a favor? Face it,man.I bring trouble. Trey,Volchok,you and your family- you're... you're better off without me. It's not true.It's not your fault. Any of it. I'm not going to go anywhere until you come with me. Yeah?What are you going to do?You going to fight me? Well,seeing as how you don't fight back... I just don't any more,okay? Pancakes extra fluffy. Bacon extra crispy. So start talking. If you think you can ply me with food... you're right,this bacon is delicious. Thank you. But I already told you everything last night. Yes,you gave us the facts- he's working,he's busy,he forgot. Yeah,but we're not buying it. That's what he said. What are you looking for from me? Reading between the lines. Subtext? How'd he look? Uh,he's looked better. But he's looked worse. You know,he might have cut himself shaving or something,uh,had a few nicks here and there. He was bleeding? The bleeding had stopped. You know,they actually have coffee at work,which is where I'm going. So thank you very much for breakfast,and if I hear of anything else I will let you know. And,you guys,probably best just to give him a little more time. How much more time until we can't reach him? I'm going to check in on Ryan right after work. Cohen! I was just looking for you. Summer,what are you doing here? I got your message. Oh,I'm sorry,I didn't... mean for you to,uh... It sounded like an emergency. Oh,uh... Yeah,no,it kind of is. Well,I'm here to help. I'm so glad you came home for me. And for Ryan. Yeah,no,that's what I meant. Right. Hey,Kaitlin... didn't hear you come in. Yeah,with your manly grunts,how could you? It's important to keep in shape. They say sex is a really good form of exercise, although I doubt you're getting any with my mother these days. Our personal life is personal. Let's talk about your personal life with those other than my mother. Listen,young lady... I don't think I understand what you're talking about. So,if you'll excuse me. So yesterday when you said you were at work... do you always do your consults down by the beach? With a leggy blonde? One you used to be married to? I don't know what you think you saw, but adult relationships can be very complex. I know. And that's why I was going to ask my mother to explain. Then I thought with everything that's happened to her,to us,I didn't want to upset her. That's a good instinct. But then I was going to ask her another question. About these leather boots I saw down at the plaza. They're really cute,and really expensive. I'm a seven and a half. Hey,Brad,Eric. Hey,Mrs.Cohen. Man,is she hot. Smoking. Hey,sweetheart,how's your mother? She's recovering from an unfortunate accident with a wall unit. I told her it was a built-in. She's in her room if you want to go in. It's not like she'll know you're there anyway. $1,500 for a pair of boots? Do you know how many pencils I could buy Sudanese school children? Intro to Developing Nations,it's one of my favorite classes. Yeah,I can see that.It's very cool. Followed closely by Environmental Studies. Gosh,this is a non-renewable resource. I can't believe this place doesn't have a recycling program. You should call our local councilman. Good idea. I was being sarcastic. Oh,I don't do sarcasm anymore,I'm post-ironic. You mean earnest? Hey,I'm not here to help the environment,okay? I'm here to help Ryan. Except he doesn't want our help right now, so why don't I take you home?You can drop off your bag. No.You know what? I'm just going to meet my dad for dinner and then come right back here,so... So you're not even going home? No. Yes.Of course. I just don't know if we'll have time.I mean,we have a lot of work to do. 3,000 miles at 30,000 feet,I had a lot of time to think. Rally up your geek army. I have a plan. Julie,it's me. Kirsten? Yeah. Can I come in? Today's not a good day. I know. None of them are,but hiding in your room won't make it better. Oh,thank God it's you. I was starting to think you'd forgotten about me. We can sit outside and talk. I'll make some tea. Can I call you back? Kirsten,it's so thoughtful of you to stop by. But as you can see,everything's fine. But you said it wasn't a good day. For visitors,because I'm so very busy. Thanks for stopping by,Keeks. Oh,love your top. Can we have a table for two,please? My little girl is home. Dad,I'm going to use the bathroom,then I'll find you. Okay. excuse me excuse me,would you pls hurry up "To go" means "to go," implying in a hurry. I mean,how long does it take to club a turkey? Should I put it on your family's tab? Considering I have no money other than euros,yes. Oh,my God. Summer. I just talked to you,you were in France. And you were in Rhode Island. It's just amazing the way this world works. What are you doing back in Newport? Are you meeting your mom? My mom,no.My mom is in Cabo,she won't... be back for a few days. Oh,my God,my mom. xxxxxxxxxx you never saw me. Ryan,it's Julie. It's important. What's this? It's why I needed to see you. You see,after it happened,I hired a private investigator to find out where he went. Volchok. And now I know. All the information is in this file. I'm not giving it to the cops. Jail's too good for him. I'm giving it to you. You're the only person who can understand how I feel. And you can do with it,with him,what you want. I don't want it. What? I don't care about him,I don't care about any of it,and I don't want to start. That's a-That's a lie,Ryan. That's... I know you. Even if you didn't come to her funeral or never visit her grave,you still care. You know,I don't usually refer to myself as a genius,but I may have to make an exception. Leon,how is the ink coming? Hey! Am I the only one who's working here? Get off,mouth breather. Summer,if you want to go home and shower,we can take it from here. No,we can't.I want to go home and shower. That's okay,I'll just take a little sponge bath in the ladies room. Really? Because you're normally pretty rigorously about your bathing. I'm going to go get Ryan. Yeah,okay,great,it's just,um,I mean,you haven't even been home yet. You don't want to drop off your bag or... What's the point of going home? If the polar ice caps keep melting at their current rate,all of Newport will be under water in ten years anyway. Summer. Hey,Atwood. If you came here to talk... You're not talking. I got it. Great to see you,too. I really like what you've done with your whole face. So,I'm going to need you to come with me now. Can't do it; got to work. Right. Running that germy rag across those filthy tables,it's really important stuff. Look,I just flew 3,000 miles... I didn't ask you to. No,Seth did. He's worried about you. So are the Cohens. I know you think that you're protecting them,but... you're not,you're just hurting them. Besides,Seth keeps leaving me these endless whiny messages. They're totally clogging up my voice mail. Ryan,come on,take a deep breath. Just let me do what I do best. Which is what? Giving orders. Just do what I say,Atwood,one last time. Did I see Kaitlin driving off in the Lexus? The silent treatment,huh? So I guess Kaitlin has talked to you. Julie,I didn't mean for this to happen. I just needed somebody to talk to, and at first that's all it was,just...talk. But you're not even listening to me,are you? What? Nothing. So why are we going to the comic bookstore? Because I said so and you agreed to do what I said,so... As I told Seth,I don't really want to...talk. You don't have to talk. You don't even have to listen. All you have to do is read. Look,Leon,lights. Wh-Wh-What's this? You made me a comic book? This is no ordinary comic book,my friend. This is an origin story. Now you may never save the planet,but you did save us,so this is our story. Now,it's true when you showed up,I had a super power,but it was one I didn't want. Being invisible,not as much fun as it sounds. And the ice queen was surrounded by an impenetrable force field. And her silver cell phone was her only link to the outside world. The litigator strained to hold up the weight of the world so burdened with the problems of others that he couldn't see those of his own family. One day the litigator brought his work home with him. Only this time,his work looked strangely like a young Russell Crowe. It's okay,Seth,I can read. Well,here we are. That's it. Thanks for taking the time, letting us make fools of ourselves. It meant a lot to Seth. And to Kirsten. Not so much to me. I'm no softy. No,I know. You should probably get going. You're late. I hope they don't fire me. I bet they got great benefits,huh? Good dental? The accommodations Yeah,uh... yeah,actually,about that,I... If I,you know,ever wanted to,you know,once in a while... The,uh,the pool house is probably filled with boxes,right? It's exactly the way you left it. A little too empty if you ask me. Well,it wouldn't take me too long to pack. Kirsten's got some leftovers from last night. Thanks. Thank you. You know,at the risk of saying too much... being there with her when it happened, you're never going to get over it, but you'll get used to it. Just let yourself feel what you need to feel,even if if hurts. Yeah,one step at a time,okay? Okay,I'm going to shut up now. Like,uh,giving these guys some notice,packing my toothbrush. Let me buy you a toothbrush. You got it. See you at home. Well,it seems like Ryan really went for it. Seems like it. Yeah. I couldn't have done it without you. Yeah,totally,since it was my idea and I got him to show up. Sure,no,that's what I meant,so... thank you. Yeah. Why don't you go home and see if Ryan's there. You know,I really want to know what happened. Sure,okay. Another good idea. I'll call you. Okay. tomorrow,you want to get breakfast at the diner like old times? Sure. Okay. Hey,man. I heard you were getting out of here. Can't say I blame you. Guy from last night,he's looking for another round if you're interested. Hey,Cohen,it's me. I really hope Ryan was there when you got back, because I won't be. I totally forgot there's this protest against seal poachers and,um, Heather Mills McCartney is going to be there. I just want to see how she's doing,you know,with everything after the divorce and all,so... listen,I'm sorry,but,uh,Thanksgiving is only a few weeks away. So... okay... I love you. Give a hoot,don't pollute.Bye. marissa cooper beloved baughter sister,friend I was wondering when you'd finally come here. Thanks for meeting me. I'm here every day. You have it?