De combien parlons-nous? Si tu as besoin d'aide pour le paiement initial Je ne suis pas ruineé, Kirsten. Je suis refléchie Tu m'as acheté un appartement. Julie, je ne te demande rien C'est entierement à toi. Je n'ai pas d'amis. Je ne fais confiance à personne et j'essaye de controler les gens ce qui les fait fuir. Et donc, pas d'amis Hey, qu'est ce qui va pas? Qu'est-ce que tu lui as fait? Rien, je vais bien Tu vois ta copine discuter avec un gars que tu ne connais pas. Ca peut arriver à tout le monde. Ma vie ne fonctionne pas sans toi Ca se passe toujours si bien quand on est ensemble. Ma vie ne fonctionne pas sans toi. C'est mon frère. Tu es entrain de le tuer. - Oui. - Hey, c'est moi. Ca va? Non, en fait... si, mais j'ai fait un rêve et Trey était là à nouveau, et toi aussi et tout recommençait. Ecoute, je suis désolée de t'avoir réveiller, ok? J'ai peur. Je sais, je sais, mais tu n'as pas de raison de l'être. Trey n'est plus là Tout va bien. Retourne dormir, je te verrai demain, ok? Ok. Hey. Oh... Des cauchemards, hein? AU début j'ai cru que tu etais une des ces personnes qui transpire la nuit. Je voulais rien dire, mais... Je pensais que si je dormais avec toi, ils disparaitraient. Tu en as parlé à Ryan? J'ai essayé. Tu sais comment il est. Ouai. Lui et les mots.. Et il a traversé ça avec moi, il devrait comprendre Je sais Et bien, moi, je suis là. Quoi? J'aimerai juste que Ryan sache que c'est tout ce qu'il a à dire Ouai. Alors? Tu as ton nouvel emploi du temps? Ici Tu as toutes tes fournitures? Dans le sac. Il a déjà été à l'école. Il sait comment faire. On est simplement content que tu retournes à Harbor. Fais en sorte que tout aille bien. Dr. Kim a été très claire. Je sais, je sais. Je ne dois pas m'attirer d'ennui, et je le ferai pas Ne t'inquiète pas. Juste toi et moi Une autre tasse de café? Don't mind if I do. Toi et moi et la maison rien que pour nous? Je pourrai m'y habituer. Ah, si je retournai jamais au bureau... Et bien, avec de la chance, tu n'auras pas besoin. J'ai trouvé un acheteur pour le Newport Group. Douce mélodie à mes oreilles Si le rendez-vous ce passe bien demain, je signerai les papiers. Et ensuite, sayonara Newport Goup. - Ca te va? - Quoi? Quitter la société que ton père a batie. Tu y as passé 15 ans. Et ç a m'a pris tout ce temps pour me rendre compte que je la detestai. Oh, Sandy, je suis prête à la laisser partir. Ryan et Marissa n'ont pas rompu depuis des semaines. Ca doit être un nouveau record. Oh, mais je sens une rupture qui s'annonce J'ai un sixième sens les concernant Ils rompent, se remettent ensemble, peut importe C'est un cycle naturel. Ca a un rpport avec les marées. Non, c'est différent maintenant. S'ils rompent, Marissa pourrait disparaitre. Elle pourrait être engloutie par Newport Union. C'est comme le triangle des Bermudes. C'est une école, et c'est à des it's tiles away. Ecoute, je m'en fous. Ces deux la ont besoin de se to login some serious couple time ou notre carré va se transformer en angle. Ca fait quoi d'être de retour? On va prendre un café Ah,  excellent. C'est chouette, j'ai beaucoup de boulot à faire Je peux passer le week end à étudier. Tu ne peux pas--On a des projets. Ah bon? Ouai, hum, Cohen a invité Marissa et moi pour diner ce soir, et tu peux pas nous eviter dans ta propre maison. Ah, je sais pas, je crois que je devrais back off for a little while. maintenant que je suis de retour à lécole ça doit pas être facile pour Marissa. Le moins que je puisse faire c'estprendre un peu mes distances Tes distances? Non, non, non. Qui a besoin de distance? Marissa, elle aime être tout près. Oui, diner ce soir, chez moi. Je suis sûre que ma mère est à la maison en ce moment même à nous cuisiner quelque chose de degoutant. Je peux avoir 3 cafés s'il vous plait? Merci. Ok, c'est bon, un diner Oh, mon dieu. 22 la v'la Salut. Vous avez entendu parler de l' "emprisonnement" demain soir? Toutes les terminales va passer la nuit dans le gymnase. Oh! On peux pas. Ouai. Je vais me couper le bras avec une tronconneuse Oh, c'est dommage. Tu vas devoir le rater l'emprisonnement est obligatoire. Ca compte comme un cours Et je sais que toi, tu ne peux rien sécher On sera là. Super. Ca va être terrible!. On va même griller des marshmallows On va utiliser des bec bunsen pour simuler des feux de camps C'est une petite idée que j'ai eue. Oh, mon dieu C'est ingénieux Rappelez-vous- la seule chose dont vous aurez besoin c'est un sac de couchage et l'esprit ouvert Et notre samedi soir est foutu Oh, hum, j'allais oublier. Je vais avoir besoin de bras pour m'aider à tout isntaller demain Alors,  Seth et Ryan... j'ai pensé que vousseriez d'accord pour le faire. Je t'ai aider à revenir à l'ecole Donc... Je vous verrai demain à 14h Et  le reste de notre week end est foutu Marissa! prête pour ce week end? Je ne sais pas, Que se passe t-il ce week end? Des swells arrivent d'Antarctique, ce qui veut dire qu'il va finalement y avoir de la hauteur Ok, je n'ai aucune idée de ce que ça veut dire Oh, j'ai oublié. Née et elevée à Newport mais n'a jamais surfé. C'est moi Ca veut dire qu'après la plus calme des saisons, on va finalement avoir des bonnes vagues. On aime accuellir ces swells du sud avec un rituel ancien connu comme "La patrouille de l'aube" Ca veut dire que vous faites la fête toute la nuit avant de surfer? Hey, elle n'est pas totalement hopeless. Tu devrais venir avec nous. Certains d'entre nous vont sortir ce soir même si les grandes festivités commencent demain On t'apprendra peut-être même quelques mouvements Ou alors je resterai sur le sable à vous regardee? Ugh. Viens, Chili, on a physique La partouille de l'aube, ce soir Grandé geniallisimeté Whoo! T'as aussi une heure de libre Euh..oui Ca va? Tu as l'aire un peut fatiguée. Ouaou, merci. Désolé Non, c'est pas grave. Je dors pas vraiment beaucoup Pas du tout Trop de café? Je ne pense pas que ce soit ça Des cauchemards? Peut-être. Quelque chose de ce style. Viens. Allons dévalisé les distributeurs, c'est moi qui offre Comment pourrai-je refuser? Bonne nouvelle Les demenageurs ont amené mes affaires Notre apart est presque vivable. Merveilleux. On devrait fêter ça Oh, je devrais te faire une cremaillère Merci mais tu m'as déjà assez fait de faveurs. Ca devient un peu effrayant Oh, allez. Je vais à Aspen dans quelques semaines Marissa va emmenager et vous allez toute les deux m'oublier. Laisse moi au moins te preparer une fête avant mon départ Je ne sais pas. Je suis un peu à court d'amis ces derniers temps. Ah, tout le monde t'a abandonné quand tu as perdu ton argent, hein ? Tu devrais les voir en Cardio Elles ne me regardent même pas dans les yeux. J'étais la reine du cours La même chose m'est arrivé la première fois où je suis sortie de désintox Toutes les femmes de New York m'ont froidement ignorée. Comment as tu fait? J'ai pensé à partir... mais à la place j'ai organisé une fete Une soirée de bienfaisance. C'est la chose la plus intelligente que j'ai jamais fait. J'ai ammasé beaucoup d'argent pout une bonne cause et j'ai récupéré ma vie. Et bien je ne peux plus organisé de telles choses maintenant Je n'ai ni l'argent ni le clout. Je peux t'aider. On aura bien sûr besoin de Kirsten, mais... Ca te ferait vraiment du bien, Julie. Tu devrais y relfechir. Ca te dit un diner ce soir? Les Cohen nous invitent. Euh oui mais je te rejoindrait la bas, parceque j'ai dit à Johnny que je le verrai à la plage Hmm. Encore Johnny. Casey et Chili seront là aussi. Ces swells arrivent et c'est comme Noël si t'es un surfer. Tu devrais venir demain pour voir. J'aimerai mais je vais être emprisonnée dans le gymnase et forcée à manger des marshmallow grillés. Ouai, j'aimerai que ça soit une blague On dirait un evenement preparé par Taylor Townsend Des fois, la vie à Harbor ne me manque pas. Je te verrai chez les Cohen alors. Ok. A plus euh Je voudrais pas être toi euh Hey, où sont les autres? Casey est en route Chili's still out there. See the distance? That kid... wiping out. Whoa, ouch. Anyway you've just got me on a break, wanna sit ? Sure. It's so beautiful out here. Almost makes me wish I surfed. Yeah, I'm telling you, it helped me. You know, with my sleep. With everything, really. You want to talk about it? Uh... I don't know about you, but I'm freezing. I'm gonna run to the car and grab a sweatshirt; you want to come? Sure. Um, let me just call Summer. Do you have to go? No. No, it's okay. What are you making? Beef stew. Can't we just order out like normal people? We are normal people. Normal people cook. I wonder if my poor mouth will ever taste pizza again. Probably not, because we are very abusive parents, cooking for you like this. - Hey. - Hey, Summer. You're just in time. I hope you like stew. Oh, it's my favorite. Where's Marissa? Oh, she can't make it, she's busy. Oh, is she studying? 'Cause I've been known to get her to blow off some homework. Uh, she's not studying. She's at the beach with Johnny. Ryan, try not to punch Summer. I'm just the messenger. Yeah, that's all right. Really, I mean, she's with her friend. She has to hang out with him. She probably just got help up Yeah. Well, I guess there'll be more beef stew for everyone. You want one? Yeah, sure. Thanks. Hmm, Central Varsity Baseball. I didn't know you played. I don't. Not anymore. I quit everything when I moved here. New town, new sports. Just want to start over What? Uh, you don't have to tell me if you don't want to. It's my dad. We had a fight I haven't seen him since. When was that? I don't know, like, three years ago..more Well, have you tried calling him or contacting him? It's not that easy. He was a... drunk. He used to always go after my mom. You mean...? One night, I just snapped I came home from baseball practice... and there he was. Had her up against the wall, his hands around her neck... I just...lost it Lost it... I took my baseball bat I guess I just started beating him. I-I don't remember any of it. And when I came to, he was unconscious. I was covered in his blood. Oh god. You know, when I think back on that night... I don't even know who I was How could I have done that I know what you mean. Johnny, I'm sorry. You want to hear something crazy? You're  the first person I've told. Coop... wake up. Oh... oh, my God, let me sleep. No, sorry, can't let you do that. I waited up last night till, like, a million o'clock. Where were you? I ... I was with Johnny. Yeah. Well, I had fun explaining to the Cohens that you couldn't make dinner because you were off romping on the beach with some surfer guy. Oh, I know. I'm sorry I missed it. I meant to be there. Yeah, well, you weren't. And now I'm finding, hmm, just suspicious articles of clothing lying around the room, belonging to strange men. I've seen unfaithful, Coop; I know the signs. Summer... I would never cheat on Ryan, ever. Okay. I knew that. I just needed to hear you say it. Now, why are you blowing off your boyfriend to hang out with some random guy? He needed to talk. Well, that's what his girlfriend's for. He needed to talk to me. Because he likes you. He doesn't like me. We just have stuff in common. Yeah. He's a surfer, you're a shopper. Totally make the connection. He... went through something, something like I went through. And, I don't know, he just gets me. Okay, so Johnny gets you and what, Ryan doesn't? I didn't say that. Besides, he doesn't have a crush on me, he has a girlfriend. And if you don't believe me, then why don't you come to the beach with us later? Fine. I can go before the lock-in. But you have to find your boyfriend and apologize to him for last night. So, have you talked to Marissa yet? Nah, I got a message from her late last night. No explanation, just says she's sorry, she's gonna stop by later today. Right on cue. Hey. Hey. I'm sorry about last night. You must be mad at me. No, I'm just curious. Where were you? I was talking to Johnny. About? It's personal. Look, I know how bad that sounds, it's just, you've got to trust me-- there's nothing going on between me and him. No, no, I believe you, I just... I just want to make sure you're all right. So... Well, I'm still dealing with all of this stuff with Trey. Ryan... we're on the clock here. Chop, chop. It's  okay. I'll see you later. Mr. Cohen, Kurt Williams. It's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I'd like you to meet my associate Matt Ramsey. He's a rising star in our company. Good to meet you. Come on in, gentlemen. Have a seat. Thank you. Mr. Cohen, Matt and I are thrilled at the prospect of taking over the Newport Group. Well, I'm thrilled to sell it to you. But I do have a condition. Only one. 'Course. The Martinson Complex. They're low-income properties down by the water. You've done your homework. I fought my late father-in-law tooth and nail to get those up, and now I, uh, I got to know they won't be destroyed. Even if they don't bring in much revenue. I totally agree, Mr. Cohen-- it's properties like those that are the heart and soul of a company like this. Absolutely. Mr. Cohen, I'd like to assure you that I intend to keep Caleb Nichols legacy in place. So you're not gonna knock them down and build another juice shop. You have my word. All right. Terrific. I made these myself. They should help keep us psyched in the wee hours. Yeah, you're... talented. - Taylor? - Okay, I'll put them up. Mom, hi. Hurry, I'm running late. I have your party favors in the car These your prisoners? They look like they want to be here just about as much as I do. Tape would be a good idea. Taylor? Taylor, do you have any... I mean, really, Taylor, locking in a bunch of kids so you don't have to spend another Saturday night alone? Mom, that's not why I'm doing it. Baloney. You're doing it because you're lonely. If you'd just loosen up a little bit... I would be one of the popular girls. I know, Mom. I'm off to the club. If you need me, I'll be on my cell. And, Taylor... untuck your shirt. Your ass is so not made for low-riders. Got it. So they're, like, really into surfing here, huh? Yep, it seems to be kind of a Newport Union obsession. Marissa. Hey, everyone. This is Summer. Hey. Oh man, I should have known Hot chicks always travel in packs. Like wolves? Um, that's Chili. Yeah, don't listen to anything that he says. We think he was dropped on his head as a child. Uh, makes sense. - Well, it's nice to meet you guys. - You, too. Hey, Johnny. See you found yourself a couple of new groupies. Summer, Marissa, this is Volcheck. He likes to think he owns the waves. He's got to be better than you. Yeah. Cuz I go for a cut back out there and wipe; that's nice. Whatever, man. I don't know, I'm just saying. You're gonna have to do better than that if you want to get on the Park West Tour. Was that the tour that you tanked last year? Or... Chili, it's cool. Come on, you guys. Let me show you where we can get some drinks. Casey, hold up a second. I thought you were dating Harbor I am. Doesn't look like it. Casey, come on, let's go. No, it's been great, except for Julie leaving her wet towels all over the house. Well... life without a maid is an adjustment. I can't believe you two living together. You must be having so much fun. We are. We both know how lucky we are to have survived the last few months, so... we've been talking about finding a way to get back. We want to throw a charity event-- black tie, the club, whole nine yards. For underprivileged women, so that they can go to rehab and have the same chance to heal that we did. Well, that sounds like a wonderful cause. So you'll help us through it? Uh... W-Well, actually, I told myself I'd wait a while before I jump back in to all that. You know those Newpsies. Make you want to drink. Ah, excuse me. I'll handle this. Look, Kiki, you know, I am all for you taking your recovery slowly, but I'm just worried about Julie. I mean, if she's ever gonna get back on her feet, she needs a way back into society. Charlotte, I understand, but you two don't need me to throw this. Of course we do. Nobody in this town even knows me, and Julie couldn't get arrested. Your name on the invitation would be a huge draw. I don't know. Look, do it for your friend; she needs you. Hey. What are you guys talking about in here? Uh... I was just telling Charlotte how I'd love to help. Really? You would? Mm-hmm. I'm in. What's up? Whoo! Welcome to my casa. Hey, Summer. Why don't I give you a little tour, show you my lair? You're a dweeb. Will you show me where to drop my stuff? Sure. Follow me. Wh-Where's his girlfriend? I don't know. Hey, Dawn Patrol! You know what I'm talking about. So I think this will officially make you the first girl in Chili's room. What an honor. Oh, my God. Is this you and Chili? Oh, I forgot he had that. Wait, let me see that. No, no, no. I'm sorry, I can't do that. - Please? That's hysterical. - Come on, come on! Please? Oh! - You looked cute, really. - No, it's not cute. Both of us in Power Rangers underwear, not cute. Yes, it is. Please, I promise. I really promise I won't laugh. Okay? You liar! That's really great. Come on, no, stop. Come on. - Please? - Stop. I'm a sensitive person. - We can laugh about it. - No, we can't, no. - Hello? - Hey, it's me. Hey. Where are you? I don't know, some guy Chili's house. At the end of Dune Road or something. Okay, are you not aware that lock-in is mandatory? Well, I don't care about lock-in right now. I just need Ryan to get here, okay? It's an emergency. Why? What's the problem? I can't get into it right now Sorry. All cell phones must be surrendered at the door The lock-in hasn't even started yet. Yes, but you're in the gym. Believe me, by making you exist in a world where we don't depend on technology to communicate with one another, I'm doing you a very serious favor. - What was that about? - I don't know. Summer called. She said something about you getting to some guy's house on Dune Road right away. Some emergency. Is it Marissa? I don't know. My cell phone was confiscated, which I do believe is a violation of my civil liberties. Okay, I gotta go. Where do you think you're going, Ryan Atwood? If you're not back here by the time the doors lock at 9:00 p.m., you're in very serious trouble. Yeah, I gotta go. I don't get it. Why don't you like me? I'm already dating a dork. Yeah. That kind of gives me inspiration. I'm wearing you down. There you are. Yeah, I just needed a little disco nap. You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm gonna go get myself a refill. I'm fine. It's okay. Oh crap This is Seth. It's 2005, you know how these things work. Oh, why am I getting your voice mail! Cohen, look, about Ryan, abort mission. I repeat, abort mission. Or not. Atwood! Hey! You move quickly. Yeah, well, Seth said Marissa's in trouble? Oh, yeah, false alarm. You know, you should get back to the lock-in. You don't want to miss out on the s'mores. Uh-huh. Why'd you call me? Well, I... I was just worried about Johnny and Marissa. Johnny? You mean that Johnny? Hanging-with-his-girlfriend Johnny? I have a bit of a hair trigger. But you should go before Marissa sees you. Ryan? What are you doing here? - I was, uh, just checking up on... - Me. He wanted to make sure that I had a ride to the lock-in. She's low on gas. Hey, Ryan. Glad you could make it Let me show you where you can get a drink. I'd love to. Matt, thanks for coming. Sure. Is there a problem with the sale, or...? Well, I was hoping you could tell me about that. Let's talk about your boss. Well, he's a brilliant businessman. But I shouldn't trust him, should I? That handshake... that smile-- oh, I've met his type before. This town is full of them. This is about the Martinson Complex, isn't it? Yes. I need to know those people won't be displaced. You know, I'd love to tell you otherwise, but Williams is gonna tear down whatever is not making him a bundle. Simple as that. I appreciate your honesty Well, unfortunately, honesty is not a valid commodity in this business. Well... to me it is. Then don't sell to Williams. Hang on to the company. I'll help you. I don't know about that. I'm no businessman, and you don't look much older than my son. I'm 26. I graduated Magnacum Laude in Berkeley Berkeley? I got my MBA in one year in Kellogg, and the last 14 months I spent working under Kurt Williams. Well, that's an impressive resume, but there's no substitute for life experience. That's what you'll bring to the table. Me, I'll... I'll crunch the numbers. I'll do all the boring stuff. Look... if you give me this opportunity, I will work my ass off for you, I promise. I've been dodging this business for the last 20 years. Think of the change that you could bring to this community if you had control of a multimillion dollar company. Well, I'm gonna have to think about that. You know what that means, don't you? I gotta ask my wife. Of course. Look, all I'm asking for is a shot... six months. So, I was thinking five grand a person. Mm-hmm. That sounds fair. We'll have three courses. Perfect. One sec, it's my dad again Hello? Did you need anything else? Uh... Can you hang on a sec? My friend is treating. Actually, just a sec. Here. Let's see. I'm not sure which one of these she might want to use. You know... why don't I just give you cash? So look, I just want you to know I'm... I'm only here 'cause Summer called. You sure you're not here because you freaked out about me and Johnny? Well, I wasn't, but I'm starting to think I should be. What's going on with you guys? I... I don't know, I just... I can talk to him. About what? About... about Trey, I guess. You can't talk to me about it? I tried. I mean, I tried the other night. At 4:00 in the morning. Yeah, and you told me to go back to sleep. I mean, it's like you want to pretend it didn't even happened. Wh-What do you want me to do? I mean, I can't fix this. I can't make it go away. Hey. How's it going? Great. Look, I gotta get to the lock-in. I'll see ya. Guys. Hello? Hey, Ryan, where are you? Where's Summer? You guys got to get over here. I'm leaving. See you in a minute. Okay, well, hurry up. I'm freaking out right now. I'm using a pay phone, and God knows what ancient strand of lip herpes I'm contracting. That's disgusting. I'll be there as soon as possible. Atwood! Wait up, I'm sorry I overreacted. I meddled. - Oh, my God, I'm Seth. - It's okay. Look, I just get nervous that we're gonna lose her, you know? I cannot sleep tonight if you guys do not make up. Will you please just go back in there and talk to her? Where's Ryan? He's gone; we had an argument. You should call him. You'll feel better if you talk to him Well, is there somewhere I could go, somewhere quiet? Yeah. Follow me. You could use Chili's room. Johnny. You get my sponsorship, I got your girl. Seems fair to me. How you doing? You good? Let me take Voclheck's ass, man I mean, I know the dude's crazy and he could probably break me with his bare hands, but you know what? It's worth it. Are you okay? I know where he is, too. By the dunes. You know he's there with his bros Johnny, look, if we can do anything, just let us know, okay? Thanks, guys. I think I just need to be alone. Okay. I'll get it. Casey. Is he here? Yeah, sure. Look, just so you know, I'm not a terrible person. I could just see where... all this was headed What do you mean? The way he's been looking at you, all your long, secret talks. It's not even like that. Wake up, Marissa. You may not know it yet, but he's falling in love with you, and I'm not going to sit around and watch that happen. Johnny's gone. He went after Volcheck So, you want to stop and get a movie on the way home? Sounds good. Just answer me one tiny question Who the hell are you? What? You heard me. I just saw what's in your purse. What, like, half a dozen credit cards, all with different names? I think you and I have had a little misunderstanding. Please. There is not a lie in the world I haven't heard or told so just give it to me straight. It'll save us a lot of time. I was never going to hurt you, Julie. Right, you were just gonna scam me into throwing a fake charity, and leave me to pick up the pieces so you could skip town. What if you help me? - Are you drinking again? - Just hear me out. We raise a couple hundred grand, we split it, and I disappear. You're rich again and everybody in town sleeps better because they think they've helped a good cause. I'm not a criminal. You haven't had to be yet. Have you given any thought to how you're gonna support your family? I mean, you don't have a man to bail you out this time, Julie. If you're smart...you'll take matters in your own hand I thought you loathed corporate America. Oh, I do, I loathe it all: greed, Republicans, navy suits. So why are you considering this? Well, after your father died, I basically shut down my law practice so I could deal with the Newport Group. This might be a way to make it all mean something-- your work and mine. Well, if this is something that you want, you know I'll support you. What about you? If my taking over the company threatens any of the progress you've made... I'm out of the woods now. It's time for you to get back to making yourself happy. Okay, um, if we could just move it over to the bleachers, that would be great, great. Everyone, um, can you, can you make your way over to the bleachers, please? - Yes, everyone. - Hey, Taylor, Taylor. How's it going? So far, this lock-in, it's awesome. Not happening, Seth. What, what's not happening? Your kissing my ass so I'll sign in Ryan and Summer. No, no, no. But actually, it turns out they got held up. So if you could just, uh, cut them some slack, that'd be great. Seth, what I'm doing here is creating an atmosphere of trust. Now, if I give your friends preferential treatment, well, then I've muddled the message, haven't I What? Now those doors are gonna lock in 20 minutes And if Ryan and Summer aren't here... You can't save people, Seth. They need to save themselves. Thank you for your help. Sit down. Go on. Okay, everybody... Hi. So, um, lock-in hasn't officially started yet, but hey, we can still start the fun, right? Whoo! Who's in the mood for trust falls? Nobody. So if you could each find a buddy, preferably someone who you don't know very well. Or even someone of a different race. You're a loser! What are you doing up here ? I am going to help you. I don't need your help. Get off my stage, geek. Okay, um, well, maybe we'll just work up to trust falls. Why don't we turn to the person next to us and tell them something about ourselves that, um, they may not already know? Taylor Townsend sucks! Watch out for those. Uh, hi, everybody. My name is Seth Cohen, the West Coast Cohen's. I was feeling like we should all play a delicious game of Capture the Flag. Bite me! Now, I should warn all of you, I'm very talented at this game. Yeah, I was All-Camp Capture the Flag captain at Camp Takaho, so... You were All-Geek at Camp Geek! Why are you doing this ? I can take it. I'm used to it. Seth Cohen's a tool! Thank you. Now listen, everyone to my right, you're gonna be the red team, everyone to my left, you're gonna be the blue team. Hey, check it out. It's Harper. He's come to whip Volcheck's ass. Kevin, we need to talk, man. Oh, yeah? What are you going to do? Why would you do that to me? How could you do that to me? Back off! You little bitch, you even want more! You want some more of that? Back up! Come on. Don't worry about it, don't worry about it. Yeah, watch it. Get that bitch out of here. You know what? Hold on. I got to do something. Stay away from him. Come on. Not tonight, fellas. I think some drinks are in order. Bartender, two shots of Patron. I haven't had tequila in... in forever. Then we should have a whole bottle. Game on, man. What, what's next? A frat party at SC? No, I... just wanted to celebrate. Listen, I expect you to take this job seriously. I'm not gonna be out drinking with you every night after work. Weekends, maybe. And tonight. Game on, Matt. Game on, boss. Hi, Seth. Hi. Are you okay? Well, I'm trapped in the gym with everybody but my only two friends in the school, so other than this being my worst nightmare ever, yeah, I'm okay. So I just wanted to say thank you for before. I really appreciate it. Yeah, it's no problem. After 12 years, I'm immune to mockery, so... And about the sign-in sheet. Um, we could work something out. You mean it? Sure. So do you mind if I, um, join you for some pizza? No. Go ahead. Thanks. I guess Ryan's gonna miss the lock-in. Yeah, well, it's probably better he stayed with Johnny. He'll keep him from going after Volchek again Yeah, well, at this rate, we both might miss it. - Wait here, okay? - Okay. Can anyone hear me? Who is it? Taylor, it's Summer! Open up! Taylor! Taylor? Sorry! I can't hear you. What do you mean you can't hear...? You're responding! Taylor! Sorry! What?! Taylor! And I'll take a cheeseburger, extra fries. Dinner's on me, man. I'm really sorry about the fight. Although I... I gotta say, watching Volcheck get his ass kicked was pretty awesome. I'm glad I could be of service. Hey, man, where'd you learn how to fight like that? Ah, you know, Chino's a pretty good training ground. Actually I never wanted to fight till I got to Newport Cohen is gonna kill me. I'm sorry. I feel like it's my fault you missed the lock-in. Actually, I kind of feel like everything's my fault. What, you mean Johnny and Casey? Not what I was referring to, but thanks. I'm sorry, Coop, it's obvious, though. She saw him falling for you, so she hurt him before he could hurt her. It's a classic girl move. - Summer, I know what everyone thinks, but... - Yeah, he likes you. And sooner or later, you're gonna have to deal with it. I really wish everything would just slow down. Well... No such luck.