How did you know what was in there? I didn't exactly. But something else i learned in prison, You had to have something hidden away. The lead detective on the case that sent you to prison for 12 years Just turned up shot to death. I am going to be handling this case personally. Crews,this is my father. Jack reese. Charlie crews. Of course. I know who you are. Of course. "Serious control issues" This is the work of crazy person Now,knowing what you went through, It would be crazy if you didn't go crazy. But this,charlie,this...is crazy. The police report says she was out of the house. Rachel seybolt was there the night of the murders. There's proof of that here,huh? She drew a picture of the killer. She was in the house the night of the killings,ted. Her bed was unmade. A crayon drawing? An unmade bed? Okay. The lead detective from my trial, Shot dead at the police station,just after- Just after i saw him arguing with the swat leader from the bank of la shootout. Where all that money went missing. Where all that money went missing. That's actually a little scary. Okay,what are you gonna do next? I am going to bring things that are hidden into the light. Keep on rocking and you'll never grow old. What? Oh,it's just something we used to say. I guess it isn't true. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly presents</font> sync: Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Life Season 01 Episode 09</font> Serrated knife wound. Not a lot of blood. Must have bled out somewhere else. Yeah,before the killer placed her here. We don't want any trouble. Neither do i,but it just seems to find me. Do you know that dead girl? Do you like fruit? You cops are all alike. That's some kind of pervy question,right? It's just,you look hungry,and i-- I have this bag of oranges in here,so... Go ahead. I do kind of like oranges. Take it,it's--It's-- It's not pervy. It's--It's just an orange. Why'd you walk away from us back there? What'd you expect? Come back to the crib,find it crawling with cops. You'd walk away too. Only if i was guilty. Yeah,well,cops don't usually give us the benefit of the doubt. I bet they don't usually give you oranges,either. We ain't doin' nothing for you just because you gave us an orange. How does that orange taste? Good,i guess. It's organic. I grew that orange myself. You grew this orange? Did you know the girl? Yeah. Did you kill her? Hell,no. Josie was our sister. Josie? Josie what? I thought you said she was your sister. Well,not like blood. But on the street,you were family? She turned up in the summer. Came out with the sun under the ovat past she played tunes at valley foods. Some guy would give her food,and she'd bring us back bread sometimes. What guy? She didn't say. He gave her food and all she did was play for him? Look,that's all she said she did. She had a real pretty voice. Preliminary coroner's report indicates the victim was killed between 5:00 and 11:00 last night. Traces of semen with lack of bruising or tearing Indicates consensual sex two to six hours before the crime. What else do you have? No missing persons reports matching the description. Prints came up clean. Probably a runaway. Didn't want to be found. Or a throwaway. No one wanted to find her. Either way,the trail's gonna die out quick without a solid lead. Well,we'll go to the supermarket where she hung out, Try to find out some more information. How's the ames investigation going? It's ongoing. Anything i can do to help? Detective,if i were you,i wouldn't be making jokes. I was being serious. Why--Why does nobody take me seriously? You owe me for the lock on the door that you broke. I'm submitting a bill. Uh,dani,stay behind a minute. Internal affairs is gonna want to talk to you too,dani. That's no surprise. They're interested in what crews might have said about ames. Ames put crews away for 12 years. No amount of zen in the world can take the hate off that Isn't there? You got close to junkies,you became one. You're close to crews. You put me close to him. No,you're close to crews now, And you're starting to act like him. This has gone beyond the department,dani. The trouble he's making has to stop. They can't let it go on. Do you understand? Let me tell you how it's gonna happen. They're gonna find a fold of coke in your locker, A bindle in your car. You'd do that to me? No,it's what i've been trying to protect you from, But i don't know how much longer i can do that. You want to talk about it? You keep swallowing stuff like this, You're gonna end up with an ulcer or worse. Okay,okay,then let's work the case. Let's work the case. Hey. You okay? Easy,easy,just trying to help. I'm--I'm--I'm cool. Thanks. I just lost my balance on the backside. Nate? Is that you? Nice work. You carve it yourself? Yeah. I used to carve. Helps pass the time. I don't carve anymore. Not since she took my knife away. Why'd she do that? Yeah,reese,why'd you take away my knife? I don't think now is the time to talk about it. She's shy. I'll tell you. I used it when i should have been using my service weapon. I get forgetful about things like that. Service weapon? Yeah,it's what we call guns. Oh,you're--You're cops? Hey,nate,you ever see a girl named josie? I don't know. Maybe. Um,did something happen to her? Yeah,she was murdered. You sure you don't know her? Were you friends with josie? You need a good knife to carve like that. Can we see your knife? It's not my knife. Here. Whose knife is it? Nate? Look,i'm sorry,i never saw her before. Come here. Everything okay? We're fine,dad. Detective reese,lapd. This is my partner,detective crews. My boy causing trouble? No,sir,not at all. We were just asking him some questions about a crime we're investigating. Uh,you ever see this girl? Yeah,yeah,she hangs around here all the time. Had to tell her to stop harassing customers, Playing some crapped-Out guitar,begging for money. She won't be bothering anyone anymore,sir. She was killed last night. My god. Poor thing. Couldn't have been much older than nate. Well,if you can think of anything that might help at all. Anything at all. Sad,really. These kids,living on the streets. No parents to take care of them. Yeah,it is. All right,let's go. Thanks. What do you think? I think we need to talk to that kid when his dad isn't around. How long before his dad gets back from work? The manager at valley foods who gave me his address said ray's shift ends at 5:00. Uh,my--My dad's not here. We're not here to talk to your dad. No school today? I'm homeschooled. We do my work at night. Nate,was there something you wanted to tell us earlier? Something about josie that you couldn't say in front of your dad? I--I told you. I don't-- I don't know her. A person's board probably says a lot about their personal style. Yeah,what does that say about you,nate? It--It's just a carving. Nice work,though. Took real time. You did it yourself? You carve one like that for anyone else? No? 'Cause that dancing bear looks exactly like the one on josie's guitar. I mean,almost like the same person carved them. I bet the lab could match them. You seen the lab they got down there,nate? That lab can match anything to anything. You fart,they'll bag it,sample it,and peg it on you. Carving is easy. No,wait. Okay,yeah,josie and i were friends. What kind of friends? The kind with benefits? Kinda. We'd mess around sometimes. Why'd you lie? Because i didn't want my dad to find out. I'm not supposed to date. He says i'm too young. You're not gonna tell him,are you? Not if we don't have to. Nate,can you tell us where you were between 5:00 and 11:00 last night? I was working at the market,breaking down boxes. I can show you my timecard. What kind of father doesn't want his teenage son to show interest in girls? The kind with serious control issues. What are you doing? What are you doing? Crews,get out of there! What are you doing? Bars on the window. Yeah,safety bars. A lot of people have those. Padlocks. A lot of people have those too. Look,we weren't invited. Anything we find will get thrown out in court. That door is locked from the outside. Do a lot of people have those too? Reese,this is a cell. Nate,what's with the lock on the outside of the bedroom door? I think you should leave. And these locks on the windows. That's the kind of stuff used to hold someone captive,nate. You know,josie wasn't killed where we found her. She was killed somewhere else. You think-- No,no way. Josie and i hooked up,but i didn't kill her,i swear. Yeah? Well,a couple hours ago,you swore that you didn't know her,either. I told--I told you. I didn't want my dad to find out. He'd freak. Whose knife did you use on the carvings on your board,nate? Was it your dad's knife? You should go,both of you. My dad doesn't like visitors. Nate,your dad isn't here right now. This is just between us. But we can only keep it between us If you help us to prove you're innocent. We met at the market a few months ago. She was cool. She said she'd teach me some chords on the guitar. We started meeting down at the reservoir,just playing tunes and talking. You and josie have sex? No,we just made out and stuff. Was there anyone else she could have been having sex with? I knew she was with other guys,but she wouldn't talk about them in front of me. But you knew who else she was with. Because we always know,don't we? There was this one dude,a trucker. He delivered bread to the market,and josie used to talk to him sometimes. Now please leave. My dad doesn't like it when people come in. What's with all the locks in here,nate? I'm not exactly sure what business that is of yours. Did you ask these two in,nate? No,sir. I told them not to come in. I told them to leave. Is that true? Did nate ask you to leave? Yeah,he asked us to leave. So you're in here without a warrant. Without any cause. You want to come out of here with us now,nate? You can tell them the truth,son. I want you both to leave. I didn't want you in here to begin with, And i asked you not to come in. Something you want to say to me? I know you. Yeah. We met today at the store. It's good to see you. Now get the hell out of my house. No,i mean,we never met,but i know you. What the hell is he talking about? Crews,we should leave. I know you because you're all alike. You've all got that look. You're a guard,aren't you,ray? You are way out of bounds here. You like the keys,don't you,ray,and the locks? I know you. And i know what you're afraid of. Crews,we are leaving. My name is detective crews. If you ever need it,you call 911 and you ask for detective crews. What the hell was that? That was a boy behind bars. No,that was a cop out of control. We will call social services. We will get a search warrant. But you jus-- Look,i know you're under a lot of pressure with this whole i.A.D. Thing, But you better buckle it up,or you're gonna come loose. Sorry,i'm sorry,i'm sorry. Detective,this meeting has been set for days. There's no excuse for you to be late. Probably hard for you to understand,seeing what you do, But i've just been out there,trying to stop crime. Detective,why don't you come on over here and sit by me? Second interview with detective crews concerning the murder of detective carl ames,retired. Present,judith raitt,i.A.D.,john garrity, Detective's union,and detective charles crews. No one calls me charles. And before we start,i'd just like to say, It was real nice of you to stop by my house the other day. Maybe someday you'll have me over to your place. I'd like to know why,considering the size of your settlement, You decided to return to the force. Because i'm a good cop. Don't you think the city needs good cops? I'd like to know if you're conducting an independent and unauthorized investigation Into the circumstances of your arrest and imprisonment. See the way she does that? She's like a laser. She--Rrarr--Locks right in. Stop wasting time and answer her question. Are you or are you not conducting an independent investigation? I investigate things. What kind of things? I investigate things to complete my knowledge. My complete knowledge makes my thoughts sincere. My thoughts being sincere,my heart is pure. Here we go. Reader's digest? That's confucius. - It's good,though,isn't it? - Yeah. Don't you want a pure heart? I know i do. Detective,is it your intention not to cooperate with this investigation? I investigate things. You do so have a talent for mayhem. Sunday best? Nothing but for i.A.D. I'd known you were on deck,i wouldn't have gotten them so riled up. You okay,bobby? What should i tell them,charlie? Tell them the truth. That's what i did 12 years ago. That didn't turn out so well,huh? Hey,got a line on that trucker nate told us about. Dean gill. The bread delivery guy. You want to get some work done, Maybe we can go lean on him,see what happens. "Maybe we can go lean on him." My wife talked like that. Gotta lay off those little blue pills. Dean gill's employer said he hadn't been to work in three days,and... Wait for it. His truck is missing. Cats. I hate cats. Actually,i think they're kittens. Well,i hate them too. What are you doing in here? Are you dean gill? Yeah,yeah. Close the door,'cause i don't want my little ones to wander off. You broke my door in. We heard screaming. We thought we... We thought we heard screaming. Well,it wasn't screaming. It was my little ones. Can't smell them,though,can you? 36 i have,and it's fresh as a daisy in here. Now i'd like you to please leave,as owning kittens is not a crime. Your boss reported his truck stolen,dean, And yet,here it is,in your backyard. I don't understand why he reported it stolen. I take it home every once in a while. And you park it back here? We have a lot of vandals in this part of town. They like to mess with my rig. You know a girl named josie? And this is the truck used to deliver bread to valley foods? Been making the drop at valley foods same time every day for the last year. You never saw a girl named josie? If i did,she didn't make much of an impact. Is she in some kind of trouble? Yeah,she's dead. Man,that's rough. I read about stuff like that,but...man. Mind if we take a look in your rig? No. Go to town. It looks clean. Like it's been washed. That's why i bring it home. The yeast builds up. You get an awful stink. We all good? You play guitar,do you? I need to use the hopper. Hold it. You know where i found those? With your morning paper? That's a good guess. No guessing. I put them there. You want to tell us how you came by these pictures? Oh,i think he's about to do that. Aren't you,detective crews? Yeah,i took 'em. I was seen with ames,you know that. That's why you organized that little gathering at my house the other day. That's why you're digging into my life. You dig a little deeper,you will find i did not kill ames. Is that what we'll find? We? That's what the police will find. You're retired,right,jack? Yeah,that's right. Me,i'm still on the job,so i'm curious,as a homicide detective, When someone is gonna question you for ames' death. Because,and i'm sorry if i'm using the wrong tone here, But those photos look a lot like you are in a violent disagreement with the late carl ames. Detective crews,the ames investigation is none of your concern. It's okay,karen. I argued with carl last week,the week before that,and the week before that. We argued about football. We were friends. Nice. That mouth of yours ever get you in any trouble? Okay,detective,lay out your case. My case? Yeah,you're a homicide detective. You're making a case. Lay it out for me. Lay it out,then maybe i'll let you know Whether or not you'll end up back in federal prison or in the county morgue. The seybolt girl was in that house the night her family was murdered. Ames changed the police report,said she wasn't there. Ames took her out of that house. And you went to ames with this? I did,and then i followed him to you. Let's leave me out of this for the moment. Stick with ames and the girl,rachel. She saw the killer. And you know this how? She drew a sketch of him. You have this sketch? I do. Did you come by it legally? Rachel saw the killer. I went to ames with that. Ames went to you. And now ames is dead. Son,you keep going where you're going, and you're gonna find trouble Whether it was there to begin with or not. And you would do well to keep my daughter out of it. Where are you going? I have a witness to interrogate. Dapper dan,mr. Plithers,bonkers,kitty bin laden? He's sort of psycho. Names of his kittens. Past and present. You have a nice talk? No,not really. Am i supposed to understand this? Do you want to know what he wanted? He always wants the same thing. Yeah,what is that? Everyone else's unhappiness. Is this some sort of good cop/bad cop? Because it ain't working on me. Did you ask him about josie? I have no kitten named josie. Josie the dead girl. Why do you have so many kittens? I like the way they sing. We found semen in the dead girl. She give you sex for food? Semen? It's not mine. I don't copulate,detective. Ever? Ever. I do,however,need to move my bowels,which i've told you already. You know what happens when we find that guitar pick,don't you,dean? You'll get your hands dirty? We pull josie's dna off it and put you in jail. She was in my truck. She used to play for me and sing. Her music was very vivid, Almost as vivid as claudius,gustav,and raritan the lesser. But if you're looking to me for her murder, You're looking the wrong way. I.A.D. Says you stay on duty,so you stay on duty. You want to request a new partner? No,ma'am. Then i need u working. The search warrant came through for the hastings house. Children's services will meet you there. If your boy dean in there didn't kill josie,maybe the skateboard kid or his dad did it. Either way,the kid's in danger. They cleared out the apartment and fled. All right,thanks. I've got bolo and amber alerts wide. We'll find them. You think the dad killed josie and took the kid on the run, Or did the kid kill josie and the dad took him on the run, Or did ray and nate do it together,father and son? Can you imagine living like this? Don't have to. Right. Because of the whole prison thing. Yeah,copy that. About your dad... Yeah. Let me make this easy on you. I spent my childhood trying to figure out if my dad was only mean or just plain bad. And you,i don't really understand you. I don't really like you,but... You're not one of the bad guys. If i had your money,i'd be on a beach somewhere. How come you're not on a beach somewhere? Do i look like i tan? The things people do with their kids. Parents and children. Cats and kittens. Where were all the cats? What cats? At dean gill's. All those kittens,but where were the cats? Cats,lots of them. And their throats? Hard to tell,but it looks like they've been cut. Looks like you kept more than that truck in your backyard. Tomorrow around this time,we're gonna get those lab tests back,deanie. My mother called me deanie. I'd appreciate it if you did not. Sure thing. We're gonna get those lab tests back and it's not gonna be good news for you,dean. I fart,that lab can put it in a bag and peg it back to me. Did you fart? First you did it to the cats,then you did it to josie. What,were you practicing? Just getting warmed up? Didn't. Didn't do anything. That's not what the lab tests are gonna say. He wants something,reese. Don't you,dean? You wanted something and you took it, First from the cats and then from josie. Isn't that right? Okay,here's how it's gonna work. The lab's gonna call us up,say that they matched those serrations on the cats to the one on josie. You remember josie,don't you? The murdered girl? The girl that used to have the beautiful voice. You liked that voice. Why'd you do that to her,dean? You wanted something and you took it,didn't you,dean? Didn't. Didn't do anything. What happens to kittens when they turn into cats? What happens to little girls when they turn into women? What happens to their voice just as they grow up? What happened to you,deanie,just as you grew up? Okay. Deal time. You cop to it right now,and we don't ask for special circumstances. That means we don't file the death papers,and you avoid the gurney. But you gotta go right now or-- Or we walk out that door. I took out her voice. I--I--I just wanted her voice,so i--I took it. If nate and ray didn't do it,why did they run? Why does anyone run from anything? 'Cause they're guilty. Where's nate's mother? You think this is a custody beef? Father takes the kid,we stumble on them, And they have to go on the run. Let's track down the mother. How is this possible? There's no record of nate having a mother. See if there's a record of nate. They're not father and son. We thought it might be a custody thing,that that's why they ran. Dad takes kid away from mom. Happens all the time. So we try to locate the mom. There isn't one. Never was one. We went back and checked ray's records. There's no record of ray ever having a kid. No deductions for dependents for tax records. No school records. There's no record anywhere of a birth certificate for the son. Nate hastings is not ray's kid. Then who is nate? And where did he come from? Fbi***** To prints in the missing child database. Nate's real name is steven weston. Taken from his front yard 12 years ago. He was what,three? Fbi sent us this news footage they pulled,1995. I'm asking the person who took steven to look into his heart, To think about the heart of his mother and bring him home to us. Have they told the real parents? They're waiting to see how it turns out. They've got nationwide alerts out for both ray and nate. He was skateboarding outside of that supermarket when we met him. And josie was teaching him guitar. Yeah,by the reservoir. I remember. But this isn't an abduction. Ray trusts nate e not to run. After everything he's put him through? Those locks in that house,ray doesn't have to use those anymore. Nate takes those locks and bars with him wherever he goes now. Sometimes... sometimes all the convict has is the guard. So if ray trusts nate,then we don't have an abduction. We have two people on the run. And when two people go on the run... They split up. So we need to stop looking for them as a pair,as a man with a boy. We need to tell the fbi to look for them separately. You have to stop messing with i.A.D. How am i messing with them? I got the transcripts,charlie. Telling the i.A.D. You're in search of a pure heart is not the way to help yourself. But i am in search of a pure heart. Can i offer you some advice as a lawyer? Sure. Get a good lawyer and keep your mouth shut. Can i offer you some advice as a friend? Sure. Maybe you shouldn't be hanging around so many cops. Some of them are turning up dead,and some of them... Some of them what? Might not be in search of a pure heart. Some of them might be in search of something else. Crews. I'm on my way. They found ray. What about the boy? Put your hands in the air! Down! Down on your knees! Get down now! Don't move! Get your hands behind your head! Where is he? I don't know who you're talking about. Where's nate? I don't know anyone named nate. The boy you abducted. Where is he? I live alone. Always have. Feel free to go inside. Take a look. Door's open. I have no need for locks. Never did. He's not gonna be in there,is he? We're not gonna find him. Sure we are. Yeah? How? The same way you find a needle in a haystack. With a magnet. You're under arrest for the murder of the boy known as nate hastgs. He loves you,doesn't he? I don't know who you're talking about. Sure you do. You can feel it. In your heart,you can feel nate's love for you. It's warm,isn't it? I see his love in your smile just there. It's that love that's gonna bring him to us and put you away for a very long time 'Cause if nate stays hidden,he can't clear you for his murder. And that's what he needs to do for you. When the news picks up that you've been arrested for nate's murder, And your face is all over the tv, He'll come out of hiding to save you,won't he,ray? Must be some kind of a father to get a kid to do that. I know what you're afraid of. Ray and nate could have split up. Nate could still be out there But you do know there could be another reason we haven't found the kid yet. Didn't know they made them that small. It's a personal pineapple. All right,i have to know. What's the deal with the fruit? Do you know what you eat in prison? Crap? Crap. No fresh fruit. Ever. I missed it. I don't think it'd be fruit that i'd be missing. Yeah,it would. I will try to use it for good instead of evil. Detective crews. You said i could call if i needed help. Josie was teaching me how to play guitar. I didn't get very far. You know,just a few chords. I was at the bus station and i heard these people talking. They read on some website that he stole me,stole when i was a kid. Ray loves me. Okay. He's my father. Okay. I'm his son. It said on the news that you had him for my murder. He would never hurt me. Ever. Do you want to talk to him? That's my son. I'm sorry,dad. It's going to take some time. He's gonna need counseling. Medical treatment. It's gonna take time. What those people said... About ray taking me when i was a kid,it's true,isn't it? If he's not my dad,i'm not his son. If i'm not his son... Who are you? I'm supposed to take you down to children's services, But i don't want to go down. I got another idea. I want to tell you something. It's not gonna be easy for you. You're never gonna be like anyone else. Because of what happened to me. Yeah. How do you know that? Because of what happened to me. What happened to you? The same thing that happened to you. So when do we take off? Oh,i don't know how to fly this thing. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly presents</font> sync: Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â