The phone or the car? - The phone, sir. - Yes. - Is it a new phone? - No. - It is a new car? - No. Yes. No. No, I mean, it used to be my car, then I-I gave it to this girl. And then I got another car, but then I wanted this car back because the other one was full of bullet holes, and people kept telling me I shouldn't be driving a car full of bullet holes. So I bought this one back, but she painted flowers on it. I had the flowers taken off. Now the phone won't sync up. Have you made sure that you have correctly entered your personal pin number? Can I ask you a question? Where exactly are you? I'm sorry, sir. We are not allowed to talk about our personal lives. You're very far away, aren't you? Because I'm looking at los angeles, and I have the feeling that you are the other side of the world, looking at things that I could only imagine. Could that be true? I am looking at my computer, sir. Please describe your service problem to me exactly. My phone is supposed to sync up with my car, so I can talk hands-free. It's against the law for me to hold my phone while I'm driving, and I would hate to break the law, because I'm-- I'm kind of a cop. Kind of? I would think that either you are a cop or you're not a cop. I'm a cop. Neighbors heard the same cd playing for ten hours straight. They called the landlord. The landlord comes in, and he sees this. Where's the landlord now? Under heavy sedation. Did he say anything? He said, "man on a stick." Looks like poison, too. I'm guessing antifreeze. Taste of the wine might've covered it up. Yeah. He drinks the wine... Someone watches him stumble across the room. And then someone pins him to the wall. Man on a stick. -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ µ°¸â¸â</font> Bleach and ammonia... Make chlorine. Antifreeze in the wine and a broken broom handle. Yeah, things found around the house. "Jerome rafts-- financial advisor. Risk acquisitions-- derivatives." Maybe jerome mishandled someone's money. I don't think we're getting anything off that computer. You get ripped off, you bring a gun or a pipe. Oh, yeah, a pipe is good. Then you can feel it, you know, when the bone breaks. Too much information? Hey, reese, look at this. Oh, jerome liked to date. There's a different woman in each of these photos. Well, maybe one of the women didn't like sharing jerome. For that, I could see using antifreeze, bleach... Ammonia and a broom handle. Jerome sure looks happy, though. I'm' looking at jerome. He doesn't look too happy. Man on a stick. Reese, something else-- there was A... There was what? A bird. A pigeon. It flew against the window, tried to get in. That means something, right? A bird in the house after a death? - I hate birds. - I hate birds. You, keep doing what you're doing. Come with me. Fbi called this morning. They want to borrow a few lapd detectives for a joint organized-crime task force. I think you should do it. Fbi? You'd be on loan, still lapd, for a few weeks here in L.A. Looks great on the resume when you want to move up the ladder, which you do. Fbi. When do I have to tell them? - They need you there today. - Well, what about the case? The vic has a shelf full of girlfriends and a broom handle through and through. It's done. He'll be fine. You should do this. It's a new situation for you. I want you think of it like you're building a building. You got to put in a good foundation, or everything you do after that is just gonna come tumbling down. I'll see you in a few weeks, crews. Okay, but remember what I said-- good foundation right away. Everything else after that is just a waste. And you got that speech in... Kindergarten. But it's a good speech. It's--it's the foundation speech. Oh, they grow up so fast, don't they? Found this in the closet. Wireless computer backup. Everything on jerome rafts' computers will be on here. Reese usually starts. Maybe you could-- Why don't I just jump in? Jerome rafts, 38 years old, moved from north dakota nine years ago, works at home. He's a financial advisor specializing in derivative do you know what a derivative is? A derivative is when you don't invest in a thing, but you kind of invest in a thing like the thing you're investing in. Yeah, me neither. Tech guys couldn't bust open security on his business files, so we don't know his clients yet. Who are the girlfriends? They're not exactly girlfriends. Tech did find a file on each of them in jerome rafts' computer-- hours spent with each girl at a cost of $400 per hour. Eight hours with veronica-- $3,200. Four hours with harper-- $1,600. 13 hours with trish-- $4,800. $4,800 only gets you 12 hours. I guess the 13th hour's free, like doughnuts. But the winner is alexa-- $9,600 over the last month. What kind of guy displays photos of himself with escorts like they were his girlfriends? He's a financial advisor. You know, his world is money. You know, just because he paid for his relationships, didn't make them any less real. Don't you think this is weird? You know, just us two without reese? Let's just keep the ball moving. Did rafts have date last night? Yeah, with alexa. Anything on the security cameras? We got this. Doesn't live in the building, wasn't a guest of anyone in the building. But she's looking down and away from the camera. Could be anyone. What did you do to that woman, pal, that she'd do that to you? Phone numbers on any of the girls? We dumped rafts' phone, didn't find any calls to the women. We did find one call he made repeatedly to a woman named brenda trill. Every time rafts called trill, rafts had a date. - Brenda trill's the madam. - I'm on my way to check her out now. I guess you'll need someone to fill in for reese while she's gone. Captain, we--we both might need someone to fill in for reese, and, um, I want you to know you can, uh, you can always talk to me. Anything you-- you want to talk about? I'll go talk to the madam, then. I-I know this doesn't make me detective. I'm still just a patrolman in a cheap suit. I'm happy to have you in the car. Charlie, I wasn't exactly there for you the last time we partnered, so... hey, you want me out of this car, I am out. Bobby, I requested you. I prayed for this. I'm not ashamed to say, prayed... for you and me to be in a car again. I'm guessing you prayed for other things. Yeah, I did-- other things. That dead guy sure did like the pros, though, huh? All that money. Yeah, don't think jerome rafts had much else in his life. Seems like the relationships he paid for were the only ones he had. That's so wrong. You don't pay a pro to stay. You pay her to leave. Charlie sheen said that. "Jerome rafts-- financial advisor. Risk acquisitions-- derivatives." Do you know what a derivative is? Sure, it's the kind of investment where you're really not, um... well, it's--it's--it's-- it's when you're, uh... no. No, no idea. Yes, I-I know what a derivative is. It's--it's-- it's kind of hard to explain to a layperson. To a layperson, ted? Are you saying I wouldn't understand it? No, I'm saying it's complicated. Okay, a derivative is a financial product whose value is derived from the value of something else, the underlying. Now, because the value of the derivative is contingent on the value of the underlying, the notional value of derivatives is recorded off the balance sheet, while the market value of derivatives is recorded on the balance sheet. I don't understand it. Don't feel bad. No one does. Uh, why do you need to know? I got a dead financial advisor, specialized in derivatives. How broke was he? Don't think he was broke. Why? Well, the derivative bubble burst. If the guy had money, it was from somewhere else. It came from somewhere else? - Are you ted earley? - Yes. - And you are? - Amanda. How can I help you, amanda? Well, actually, I'm interested in taking your class, you know, going back to school and all that. Would it be all right if I asked you some questions? What's that going through him? A broom handle. He was with a girl named alexa last night. That's right--alexa. - Can we talk to her? - You can try. When she didn't check in after her date, I called her cell. It was no longer in service. Do you have her address, then? I don't know where any of my girls live, for their own safety. Are any of these alexa? No. Do you have a photo of her? You mean like on her company I.D.? I guess not. We're gonna want you to talk to a sketch artist. Bobby... do you have a question you'd like to ask of miss trill? Yeah. Uh, sure, okay, uh... Uh, let me see, uh... do you know who killed jerome rafts? No. Probably want to work up to that one. Give it another shot. Can you tell us about the other clients alexa dated? Now, that's a great question. Isn't that a great question? Alexa didn't have any other clients. Jerome was her first, and once he started with her, he never dated any of the other girls. How did the other girls take that? You'll have to ask them. Didn't bother me when he went with alexa. Busier than ever, actually. Do you like jerome? He was a real gentleman. He always said, "please," and "thank you." Showered, too, and, uh, soaped everywhere. How did you spend your time together? Oh, you know, we had fondue. - Went whale-watching. - He'd read to me. For $400 an hour? I'm worth it. Would you like to read to me? You seem a little nervous, hon. First time? I... usually do this in uniform. Funny. Me too. Maybe you should give me a call. Uh, I'm married. Very, very married. What about you, cutie? Are you very married, too? Yeah, married, yep. - You are not married. - To the law-- married to the law. Well, call if she gives you the night off. Whale-watching, rollerblading, reading? You and jerome did have sex? Well, yes, but not until the third date. He said we had to wait. He was very old-fashioned that way. Did he ever talk about his business? I didn't really understand it. He sold things that aren't there. It's complicated for a layman. A lay what? Uh, did jerome, uh, always pay on time? On time and in cash. Tipped real well, too. A lay what? What did you talk about, then? Mostly he would talk about his birds. - His what? - His birds. Jerome could talk about his pigeons for hours. His pigeons. Yeah, he was a little obsessed. I think he might've spent more money on them than he did on me. Didn't you see them? Yeah, I think I might have. A lay what? Don't understand keeping an animal most people pay to exterminate. Bobby, how come you never see a baby pigeon? You worked downtown all those years. You ever see a baby pigeon? You know, you're right. Where the hell are all the baby pigeons? Where do you think alexa is? She killed jerome and took off. Or she saw who killed jerome and took off. Or... - Or she's dead, too. - Or she's dead, too. But there was no picture of rafts with alexa, and alexa had her head turned away from that camera in the elevator. What's that mean? Hey, you find that bird yet? You have experience with a poly? Uh, given it, never taken it. This test is for your security clearance. The bureau needs to know your secrets, what you're hiding, so they can't be used against you by others. If we know your secrets, you can't be blackmailed, can you? If you wish not to take this test, I can have an agent drive you home. I have nothing to hide. Then you would be the first. Okay, section one. Aren't you gonna turn the machine on? It's been on. Section one--your father's name is jack reese? - Yes. - He was an lapd cop? Yes. - Is this why you became a cop? - No. Yes. Yes. To the best of your knowledge, did your father ever break the law? To the best of my knowledge, no. We'll come back to this. As a cop, uh, you did undercover work? Yes. - Involving narcotics? - Yes. - You yourself used narcotics. - Yes. You had a relationship with one of your suspects? Yes. We'll come back to this. So which one of you is ronnie pollen, and which one of you is mitch? Uh, I'm ronnie. This is mitch. - It'd help if you didn't dress alike. - Help what? You want to explain why you were found in a dead man's coop? We're fanciers. - Pigeon fanciers. - Yeah. You raise pigeons. Yeah, man's been doing it for 10,000 years. Like for food? You eating them? - No, we don't eat them.We show them. - No. Yeah. And why were you in rafts' coop? Jerome rafts gave us a bad egg. A-a bad what? A bad egg. We bought an egg supposedly out of bloody mary. And that would be a bird. - Yeah, one of rafts' prized birds. - We took that egg in good faith. Yeah, but when it hatched, we could clearly see it was not bloody mary's offspring. We were bamboozled. Did you confront rafts with this? - Yes, but he said the egg was true. - But it was not true. No. - So you went to get a true egg. - Yes. And where were you last night? In our own coop. You live in a pigeon coop? No, we have a coop behind our house. We were tending it last night. You ever seen rafts with this girl? Alexa. His girlfriend--so pretty. - Very pretty. - Yes, she is. Anything else you can tell us about her? - Well, she knew a lot about pigeons. - Yeah. She was a fancier, too? Yeah, she knew her rollers, her trumpeters, dragoons, flying tipplers, croppers... Berlin short faced tumblers, too. A pretty girl who knew her berlin short faced tumblers. Yeah. Can I tell you the real reason why I want to take your class? No, I-I want you to lie to me. You--you-- you can't smoke in here. You have got to promise me you won't think less of me when I tell you why I want to take your class. Okay, I-I promise. Because every teacher I've ever had my entire life was chock full of crap. Shall I tell you why? Uh, you-- you can't smoke in here. Because they knew nothing of the world. I mean, they grew up in books, but you know the world, mr. Earley. I do. And great heights and all the way down. All the way down. Prison, twice. That is not a book, mr. Earley. That is the world. That's why I want to take your class. Uh, you--you--you really can't smoke in here. Then let's go someplace where I can... Smoke. Tech support case number 78239847. This is june. How may I help you? It's india, isn't it? You're in india. You know this call is monitored. June, can I ask you a question? Do you think two people can be perfect for each other? Sir, I-- I usually talk these things through with reese, but, uh... well, I could talk to stark, but, you know. I don'T. I don't know this reese. I don't know this stark. I do know you need to have a technical issue if you wish to continue this call. Okay, technically, don't you think it's amazing that I'm here in L.A. And you're in, let's say, india, giving me tech support for my phone made in china? But I am not giving you tech support. So now I'm hanging up, sir. It is india, isn't it? And I bet your name isn't june. We opened the business file on rafts' computer. Guess what. They're empty? That bubble burst. I don't know how he made his money, but it wasn't derivatives. No bank records either. Nothing. So how was rafts making his money to pay for those women? And where was he keeping it? If it was drugs, his prints aren't in the system. Where are you with the escort? All we got is this sketch. Got to sit somewhere. They were perfect for each other. Jerome rafts and alexa. You ever meet the perfect girl? When you were sober? So we don't know how rafts earned his money, but we know alexa knew her pigeons. So what are the odds that a beautiful escort into pigeons gets hired by a rich john also into pigeons? When you say it like that, I got to put it at a billion-to-none. Antifreeze, ammonia, bleach, broom handle, cut phone cords. We thought it was rage-- an angry woman. - What else could it be? - What if it were reason? She knew those birds, bobby. She took time to work out what jerome rafts liked. You know a woman who would take that kind of time and then come in here and give herself over to rage to anger? She took time. What would she have done if he hadn't dropped that wine? What would she have done if he hadn't dropped that wine? What, fry him in the tub? No way. I got an electrician cousin assured me these gfci outlets trip the circuit in 1/30 of a second. Can't kill a man that way no more. Looks like something's in there. Looks like nail polish. Ammonia, antifreeze, bleach, a broom handle... nail polish. Ooh,charlie,don't you-- I guess she really was a pro. A hit man? Uh,woman. Hit man woman. Hit woman. A paid professional killer. And you think this because there was nail polish in the outlet? That and because of a dead gun company whistle blower in fresno. Loose balcony rail-- ten-floor dive. A dead D.E.A.Informant in oakland. Found hung by the cord of the window blinds. And a dead labor leader in indio. Rat poison in his frijoles. No knives,no guns-- uses only things everyone leaves around the house, never leaves any fingerprints,no dna. A hit man. Hit man woman. What makes you think it was her? Caught on camera leaving the labor leader's motel in indio. And what else do we know? All we really know is what we don't know. We don't know how jerome rafts earned all his money, so we don't know why she killed him,so we don't know who hired her to kill him. We don't know who she is,where she is,or where she came from. Then again,neither do the police in indio,oakland,or fresno. One thing we do know they didn't know... we know she knew her pigeons. If I want to learn about pigeons,who would I get to teach me? Do you want to learn about pigeons? Answer the question,bird boy. Well,in the world of L.A."Pigeondom," there's about,uh,about a dozen master fanciers. We're gonna need their names. I have a sketch I'd like to show them. She was polite,well-dressed,soft-spoken. She asked many questions,and she listened to each answer. She sat right on the edge of her chair. Perched? Yes. Very lightly. Did she reveal anything personal about herself-- where she lived,her friends? No,she kept herself to herself,much like a pigeon,really. Like the berlin short-faced tumbler? No,more like the archangel-- narrow tail,moderately wide and slightly pronounced breast,long,thin neck, and the eyes--utterly vivid eyes. She really liked these birds? Yes,which is why I was surprised when the one I sold her came back. Came back? Last week,it was back in the pen. You--you sure it was her pigeon? It's not like they all look alike,you know? Why would a pigeon come back? If it didn't feel cared for,which is why I was surprised. I really thought her affections were...honest. Where would that bird go if you stopped caring for it? But why would I stop caring for it? Well--well,I suppose it would do what any of us would. Return to a familiar place. Your partner spent time in prison. Has he talked about this time? Yes. And what did he say? Uh,he said he kne a transvestite named angel who made a great carrot cake. Okay. Did he talk to you about why he was sent to prison? No. Do you know who mickey rayborn is? Exactly what kind of security clearance is this? No food or water,hmm? You're a tough bird. I would've broke by now. Everybody breaks,bobby. You got to know that going in. The bird and I will both eat once the killer has been caught. I've been a cop a long time. Seen women kill for a lot of reasons. You ever see one kill because it's her job? No,sir,that I have not. Well,let's go see what one looks like. How'd that guy describe her breast? "Slightly pronounced." Yeah,I wish he hadn't said that. Pull over here. That the pigeon in that tree there? I guess so,but I got to tell you-- they all look alike to me. Well,according to this,it's that house. Is that her? What's that in her hand,charlie? That,bobby,is a broom. Alexa. Alexa? Uh,no,sorry. My name's claudia. Is there an alexa who lives here? No,there's not. Just you,then? And you are? Lapd. We're looking for an alexa who has a real interest in raising pigeons. Well,sorry to disappoint,but my name's claudia,and I'm a personal chef. So I-I could cook you a pigeon,but I-I can't raise one. What has this pigeon-raiser done? We just want to ask her a few questions. We think she's a contract killer. A contract... A hit man...woman. Hit woman. Raises birds and kills people. Gets paid for it,too. Just the killing people part. We'd just like to clear you as a suspect. It's a procedural thing. Would you mind coming with us? Let me get my bag. Wow,big purse. What's in it? This and that,women's things. I like to be prepared. Is that your car? Is it undercover? It's not undercover,but it's unmarked. This is exciting. I've never been in a police car before. You sure about that? I think I'd remember. Does it have a siren? Can we use it? None of you recognize her as alexa? There's a resemblance... but I can't say it's her for sure. Take another look. You must understand,I only met with alexa once. She had short,dark hair and makeup. The rest of the time we spoke on the phone. What about you? Oh,I agree with,um,the lady. I mean,she resembles alexa,but I couldn't say for sure. I mean,she seems so different. Oh,come on. What about the vivid eyes,the slightly pronounced breast? No,the eyes are vivid,but the breast is less pronounced. To tell true,I-I have a tough time telling humans apart. What about you two? Well,she looks kind of the same,but... She seems like a different girl. - Different but the same. - Same but different. - Same but different. - Different but the same. This was fun. I like to try everything once. Well,you can cross that off your list. I can do just that,detective. Would you like a ride home? No,I'll take the bus. If you ever need any chefing,you know where I am. I grabbed these before I left the house. They're homemade. You two looked hungry. Oh,it looks tasty. What's in it? Just stuff I had around the house. Probably shouldn't eat that. Probably not. I hope you're not hungry. There's some leftovers in the fridge,but I don't know what they are-- meat,cheese,some of charlie's evidence. He's a-a cop,so he has evidence. He doesn't bring it home,though,so I-I don't really think it's his,uh... amanda? Amanda? Amanda? I thought you ducked out for a smoke. I-I went looking for the loo,actually. The loo? Oh,the bathroom. Yeah,I know. Tell me again why you wanted to take my class. You think you can tell who a person is just by looking in their eyes? That's a strange question to ask a woman who spends her life talking to people she will never meet. Yeah,I guess it is. The buddha was born in india,you know. Nepal... what is now nepal. May I ask-- what are you looking for? Right now? A killer. You're here alone? I am. How come you're here alone? I'm looking for some chefing. I can do any number from two to 200,and I can make the menu for you,or you can just tell me what you like. No,thank you. A little wine won't kill you. I'm driving. Suit yourself. Maybe I could do a lamb. Is it an afternoon or an evening event? You must look very different when you're working. No,not really. Maybe a nicer apron,sometimes that silly,little hat. I'd think with the intensity it takes to do your work that, uh,when you're on the job,it'd be hard to recognize you. I suppose sometimes I can get intense. When you're on the job. Yes,but here in my kitchen,just me and my knives,it's calming. Do you cook,detective? No. I bet you'd be real good at it. You're very good with a knife. I've had some practice. But not cooking. No. You work alone? Yes. I like to have a partner... someone to watch your back. Are you sure you don't want some wine? I could go for a diet soda if you got it. Diet soda? Really? You--you don't look like the diet soda type. Well,looks,you know,deceiving. The coroner found no skin under rafts' nails. Your chef didn't get that scratch from the victim. How you doing without reese? Maybe you should talk to someone. Maybe you should talk to someone. Oh,I am-- a woman from tech support. You're talking to a woman from lapd tech support? No,for the bluetooth in my car. Still,it seems to be helping. I can give you her number. Captain. We got human skin under a few of the claws. Uh,male and female is all we can tell here in the field. If we put her with one of those human female samples, we match her to the victim,but it's not enough to indict. She does what she does 'cause no one knows she's doing it. She knows that we know she's doing what she's doing,she's got to do something else,hasn't she? You want a dna warrant? You still see her? She's still here. She's just been puttering around the house. Girl sure likes to putter. Tidwell got us a warrant for her dna. I'm on my way to serve it now. Hey,bobby. Wait for me to get there. Sure,charlie. How'd you find me? Pigeon-- you threw it away. I should've killed that bird. It's gonna be okay. No,detective,it's not gonna be okay. I'm not a detective. I'm just-- Here,I made this myself. No!Spit it out. Spit it out! I'm gonna miss living at the beach. Really liked all the light. How does it feel? I made it from mushrooms I grew under my sink. Paralysis first-- muscular,then neural,then the organs-- the lungs,the heart,the brain. But you'll be dead before that. You know,most people underestimate the value of things found in their own home. Not me,though. Picked this up on my last job. Think I'm gonna work it into the act. What do you think? You know,that man just wouldn't die. Okay... I'll be going now. Officer needs help. Hold on there,bobby. Just one person traveling. Yes. First class. Yeah,uh,I-I'll pay the penalty. Yes,cash. Oh,you're--you're gonna have to hold on a minute. You know it's against the law to talk on the phone like that? If you want to go hands-free,I got someone you can talk to. You did this to my car. Diet soda in the gas tank. Just something you had lying around the house. Probably kill me with these. I never met a woman who killed because it was her job. Guess you can cross that off your list,detective. I guess I can. Why'd you kill jerome rafts? I'm just a chef,detective. You have me confused with someone else. A hit man woman? Yep,a hit man woman. And stark's gonna be okay? We jacked him full of epinephrine. He won't be eating any mushrooms. And you still don't know why she killed jerome rafts? Crews? You're doing it,aren't you? You're staring at something. And now you're taking out some fruit,right? What do you see,crews? Crews? That's a lot of birdseed. Hey,pigeons don't eat that much,do they? I mean,they eat like a bird,right? That's a lot of birdseed. He was the competition. He was a hit man. Traced that rifle to six assassinations. But,you know,we're in a down cycle, so there just wasn't enough business for the both of them. Sir,are you telling me these things hands-free? Yes,I am. Then I shall close this case file. Your name isn't june,is it? No,it is deepa. It was a pleasure talking to you,deepa. It was a pleasure talking to you,detective crews. -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=-