Blood pressure's fine, pulse normal. You're bouncing back quite nicely. Bouncing back from what? Hello, Michael. Do you remember me? No. I'm Dr. Elizabeth Weir, this is lieutenant colonel John Sheppard. You serve under my command. Do you know where you are? I don't even know who I am. Your name is lieutenant Michael Kenmore. You're in a private room off the infirmary here in Atlantis. Is that familiar to you? Atlantis... Yeah. I think. You were a member of a team that went offworld. You were captured by the Wraith. I see you remember the Wraith. What did they do to me? We're not quite sure yet. We sent a rescue team for you, but... you were wounded during the mission. You've been unconscious for days now. Had us worried sick. Why can't I remember anything? We don't know yet. Hopefully, we'll learn more as we conduct further tests. And in the meantime, I can assure you that we will give you the best possible care to help in your recovery. Keep a close eye on him. Until we know more, we need to proceed with caution. This may just be the start of our problems. Season 2 - Episode 18 Michael Transcript: Raceman / Callie Sullivan Subtitles: Team SG-66 - www.seriestele.net What is that? I'm afraid you have type one diabetes. You require a daily injection of insulin to maintain a normal blood glucose level. You've managed it quite nicely, actually. Michael, we believe you may be suffering from what's called generalized dissociative amnesia, which usually occurs as a result of significant trauma. Trauma... caused by the Wraith? We don't know for certain. Hopefully, over time, your memory will return. In the meantime, we'll do our best to help you fill in the gaps, a wee bit at a time so as not to completely overwhelm you. I'm already completely overwhelmed. How much worse could it get? I heard he was awake. Aye, complete amnesia. Doesn't remember a thing. May I speak with him? Of course. You need to rest. Hello, Michael. I am Teyla. You look familiar. Do I know you? Yes. You assisted my team on a few missions. No, there's more, though. Are... are we friends? Yes. Well, that's the best news I've heard all day. How are you feeling? Physically, fine, but my mind is... completely blank. They said I'm a lieutenant. You have only recently arrived in Atlantis, but you have already proven yourself to be one of the finest soldiers in this city. Well, if I'm such a fine soldier, how did I get captured by the Wraith? Your team came upon a landed Wraith cruiser and were ambushed. You sacrificed yourself in order to give your team mates time to escape. Quite heroic. Were you part of the team that rescued me? Yes. Well, then that makes you even more heroic. He said I was familiar to him. He asked if we were friends. How did you respond? I said we were. After everything he's been through, I thought some positive news could not hurt. I think you're right. Stabilization is the first critical stage in his psychological treatment. He's doing quite well so far, but it's important we do what we can to ease his recovery. What's the next stage? Integration into the community. Followed by relational development. How is he doing physically? Excellent. Vitals normal, all he needs is a bit of physical therapy to regain muscle tone and coordination. Do you think he's ready to be released? - I do. - I don't think that's such a good idea. We still don't know if there are any residual effects he might be carrying around. What do you think, Doctor? Is he ready to join the community? A change of scenery could be very beneficial to him. Alright then. Release him. These are your quarters. Does any of this look familiar to you? No. It is a cowboy hat. You come from a place called Texas. Texas? They're your parents. What happened to the blue jello? It's my favorite. All of a sudden, it's off the menu. What gives? Thank you. Lt. Kenmore. Well, so they tell me. Call me Michael. Michael, right. Yes, of course. Michael. - I'm sorry, I'm probably supposed to know you, but... - Right, right, the amnesia. Yes, of course, I heard. I'm Dr. McKay. Rodney McKay. Doctor. So you've been... released, I see. Just now, but I have some bodyguards following me around everywhere, and colonel Sheppard's probably somewhere close by. They want to keep an eye on me in case I suddenly... freak out. Yes, freak out, yes, but I don't think you're... I mean, you're not gonna... you're fine, aren't you? I think so. I feel fine. I guess time will tell. Hopefully the amnesia won't be permanent. Wraith materializer schematics? Yes. Yes, I was just... just studying them, you know. How did I know that? One of your team's mission objectives was to infiltrate... a Wraith ship, and obtain... you know... intelligence. - And our mission was successful? - Yes, - very successful. - Except for getting captured. Well, we've all been captured by the Wraith at one point or another, haven't we? It's just... important thing is that you were rescued, safe and sound. Safe, yes. The sound part, I'm not so sure of. It's... Well... I guess I'd better be going. Right. You got it. See you. Defend... defend... parry... strike. It is all about catching your opponent off balance. You succeeded. Now you try. I can't do that move. Oh, yes you can. You keep saying I'm a good fighter. You are. Very good. Alright. Well, you were right. I can't believe I just... Keep your hands off her! Ronon... We were sparring as part of his physical therapy. Let him go. Now! I'm sorry. Ronon is fairly new here in Atlantis. He's... still making the adjustment to our way of doing things. He's clashed a few times with some of the personnel, including yourself and even colonel Sheppard. I'll just have to stay clear of him. Whatever I did to make him angry, he doesn't look like the kind of person you want to have as an enemy. Give him time. I'm sure you'll work out your differences, put the past behind you. The past... whatever that is. It's just so frustrating. I didn't even remember the faces of my own parents. They've been informed of your condition. In time, we'll send you home to be reunited with them but, for now, I think it's best if we hold off. So what do you think? Will my memory ever return? We can't be sure, but we'll continue with these sessions, perhaps even try hypnosis. I just want to get back to normal. Be like everybody else. It was so real. I... I know it was a dream but, when I saw that face staring back at me... They did something to me, didn't they? The Wraith, during my capture? They did something to my mind, maybe... maybe they implanted something into my brain. What did they do? Tell me. We do not know. Listen... many people here have had such dreams. You are not the only one. Really? The constant fear of the Wraith attacking, the way they feed on us? It creates a tremendous amount of stress. You've had the dream, too? Yes, many times, and I know how frightening it can be. He's only had the one dream? Yes. He believes the Wraith did something to him during his capture. Can you do something to help him? Perhaps I could give him a sedative to help him sleep, or I could increase his dosage, although I'd caution against that at this time. Why? If it's helping, what's wrong with giving him more? Because, Rodney, I've specifically calibrated his regimen according to his current physical condition. Any alteration could adversely affect his recovery. I say we remain patient, wait to see if he has any more dreams. If it's merely psychological, then Dr. Heightmeyer should be able to help him through it. Why do we not just tell him the truth? I am finding it difficult keeping it from him, and I am beginning to question whether our course of action is the correct one. The dreams are most likely due to post traumatic stress. Not at all uncommon in situations like yours. You could see Dr. Beckett after you leave, have him prescribe something for sleep. I just... I can't help thinking there's more to it. Something's not right with me. Do you feel sick? No! I mean, I feel like... I don't know what it is, but... it's not right. It's not. Everyone around here, I get the feeling like they know something, something they're not telling me. See? That. Your expression. I see that a lot around here. People being careful with me, like they're trying to figure out what to say next. And you think this means that they're keeping secrets from you? Maybe not deliberately, but, yes. I get the feeling they know something about me, but aren't telling me, and it's frustrating, because if the Wraith did something to me, I'd really like to know what it is. Lieutenant... Colonel. Where you off to? My quarters. Dr. Beckett gave me some pills to help me get some sleep. I thought I'd give them a try. No alcohol or heavy machinery. Excuse me? Nothing. Sleep well. Hey, Ronon... I don't know what happened between us in the past but, if I ever did anything to hurt or upset you, I just wanted to say that... I'm sorry. Ronon, shake the man's hand. I don't think so. He's trying to bury the hatchet. It's not a bad idea, don't you think? I gotta go. Look, I just want to know... Knock it off! Knock it off. Lt. Kenmore, what are you doing up so late? The pills Dr. Beckett gave me aren't working. I'm going to go to the infirmary. After you. Hi. Dr. Beckett... Delta wave frequencies are up 2.9 hertz. Which means? He may regain consciousness soon. Versed, five milligrams! Release me! You will die for this! Others will come for me! They will... They've got to find us first. You're going to need a name. How does Mike sound? You lied to me. I'm a Wraith! You were a Wraith, yes. - Michael, please... - Don't call me that, that's not my name! Alright, take it easy. If you would let us explain... Go ahead. Explain... but no more lies. Alright. This is what we know of the Wraith. They evolved from a creature that we call the "Eratus bug". Now, that bug began taking on characteristics of the humans it was feeding on, and over time, became the Wraith that we know now. So Dr. Beckett has developed a drug. It's a retrovirus, designed to suppress the "Eratus bug" elements of the Wraith genetic code, leaving only the human aspects behind. It took some time to perfect, but we finally achieved a viable drug, which we then decided to test. The injections? The insulin? Not insulin. I'm sorry. You see, once the retrovirus was administered and the transformation begun, another drug was needed to prevent the Wraith elements from returning. It's actually a combination of drugs which, unfortunately, require a daily injection. So what are you saying? That... being a Wraith is some kind of disease? Something... you think you can cure? What gives you the right to do this to me? We're at war. The Wraith will stop at nothing to kill every one of us, and we'll stop at nothing to make sure that doesn't happen. You made up everything. My name... The photograph of my parents. It was my decision to keep the truth from you. Why? For one, we were concerned that if you were told, you may react the way you are now. The whole point was to erase any trace of Wraith inside you, not to keep reminding you of it... and trust me, you're a hell of a lot better off now than you were before. Since we're telling the truth. This whole thing was a bad idea. No, it wasn't. The retrovirus works, that much is clear. Just look at the guy. If we can figure out how to deploy this as a biological weapon, it's possible that we can hit entire hive ships and turn them into humans. Well, that's still a ways off, and I've yet to develop an effective long-term dose to keep the Wraith elements suppressed for a lifetime. But the point is, we are getting closer. You know, you may be able to make him look like a human, talk like a human, but he'll still be a Wraith. Nothing you do will ever change that. Michael? I know you are angry. I am sorry for what you have been put through... - But in time, I think you may come to see this is... - Were you part of the team that captured me? You told me before that... you and your team rescued me when I was captured by the Wraith. But now I'm starting to realize who did the actual capturing. And you have the nerve to tell me you're my friend. I would like to be your friend. I would. You expect me to believe that? You may not understand this now, but making you human, - I believe this could make your life better. - Really? Because from what I was told, you made me human in order to make your lives better. So tell me then... What makes being human better than being a Wraith? They are evil. They kill us... feed on us, - show no mercy, know nothing of compassion. - Humans are different? - Yes. - So what you did to me... that was done out of compassion? Your feelings of betrayal are understandable but, it's important you talk about them, hopefully come to resolve them. With you? Yes. Of course. I already tried that once. It didn't work out so well. But something was cleared up for me, though. Now I know what that strange feeling was, the one that's been... gnawing inside me. Seems I can't shake those basic Wraith instincts. Hunger... aggression... and now that I know the truth, I feel them even more. Dr. Heightmeyer confirmed he believes he's still experiencing Wraith compulsions. Is there anything more you can do to help suppress them? I don't know. It could merely be a psychological manifestation. Maybe we should up his dose. Yeah, I know you said give it more time, but now that he knows what's going on... things might start going from bad to worse. I agree. He's due for his next injection now. I could go ahead, increase the dosage, and monitor him closely. - Let's just hope he agrees to take it. - Well, if he doesn't, we'll have to insist. Who knows, maybe another big dose might wipe his memory clean again. And then what? We start the lies all over again? They want you in the infirmary. Time for your injection. What are you doing? What do you want from me? Just waiting for you to give me a reason to kill you. Well, I guess I should thank you. You're the only one around here who's been honest with me from the start. Lt. Kenmore... the infirmary? You heard him. Better get moving... Lieutenant. This is sgt. Cole. Kenmore's escaped. Level five, east tower. Ronon's also in pursuit. Drop your weapon. Just take it easy, Lieutenant. Stop calling me that. Drop your weapon. I figured you'd forget to set it to stun. Sgt. Cole. He is dead. We can't keep him here. Even locked up, he's too dangerous. We can take him to the Alpha site. We'll sedate him first, so he won't know where it is. And then what? Continue with the drug treatments. Continue? Dr. Beckett was about to start increasing the dosage. Hopefully, that will be effective in eliminating any remaining Wraith impulses. Why are we even talking about this? He killed one of your people. Your experiment didn't work. We should kill him right now. We can't kill him, Ronon. - We're the ones who put him in this position. - Hold on a minute, Doc. If we hadn't have given him the retrovirus, he'd still be a Wraith. We wouldn't think twice about killing him. But we did give him the retrovirus. We made him human. Now we have the responsibility to treat him as we would any other... He's not... human! He's a Wraith. Carson, what do you think? Is it worth continuing with these treatments? I... I don't know, I... suppose it's worth seeing how he fares with the increased dosage. I agree. We've come too far with this just to abandon it now. Would you please step outside? What's going to happen to me? You will be transported to another planet, where we are establishing an offworld base. You want to keep me from learning more about Atlantis. You're afraid that if a Wraith ship comes close enough, I'll communicate with them... tell them you're here. I didn't want to kill him. I just wanted to escape, to get out of this place. We would like to continue the drug treatments. Dr. Beckett believes that an increased dose would fully suppress any Wraith urges you may still be experiencing. The alternative is death. All of this up to the Jumper bay. EEG, defib, cardiograph. Cross-check the medications on the list I gave you. Make certain we're good for at least a week. We've got a lot of equipment to take with us. From what I understand, the Alpha site is not exactly set up for this kind of work. It's not set up for much of anything yet, I'm afraid. Hey, how are you holding up? Oh, I don't know, because of me, a man is dead. You can't blame yourself for that. Elizabeth, I'm the one who developed the retrovirus. I'm the one who pushed for this experiment. Of course I'm to blame. And I'm the one who approved it. This was my call, Carson. So if there's any blame to be laid, it starts and ends with me, alright? Colonel. Time to go. Clear. It is alright, you are safe. What happened? You were sedated for transport to the Alpha site. Just a precaution. How are you feeling? Hungry. I will see about getting you some food. They call them meals ready to eat. It was all I could gather on short notice. Dr. McKay quite likes them, actually. Let me help you. That's okay. You're different from the others. I noticed it the first time I saw you. You're the only person willing to understand... The only one with a truly open mind. The only one willing to show compassion. Thank you, Teyla. I knew I could count on you. Colonel! What happened? I don't quite know, he somehow managed to get free of his restraints and take Teyla hostage. He forced the security detail outside the infirmary to drop their weapons or he'd kill her. - Where'd they go? - Up the ridge. There are other teams on their way. Just a precaution. I know... you're angry, I lied to you... but you had no right to do this to me. I won't let you experiment on me any more. Let's go. He's changing directions. The tracks are difficult to follow. He's good. But you can follow them, right? I mean, that's your thing. Among many other things. This way. What are you doing? We need to leave this planet. And go where? I don't know. These are the SOs who were guarding the Gate. Teyla! Dammit! What is this place? That way. We need to figure out the last address dialed, if that's even possible. - We need to get McKay out here. - No, we don't. Trust me, he's the only one who can figure this stuff out. Look. How much further must we walk? We'll rest up ahead. I am sensing something. There are Wraith nearby. Yes, there are. It is not too late. We can still go back. Dr. Beckett can give you an injection, - take away the pain. - No! This is how it's supposed to be. I'm returning to what I was. What I am. This... is what I was drawn to. They are aware of us. They are coming. I know... and I will return to them. Then we shall be enemies again. We never stopped being enemies. What will you do with me, feed on me? Is that why you brought me all this way? I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel the urge... And now that I'm truly able to feed again... I feel it even more. Then go ahead. Fall back! He's alive. He had completely transformed back into a Wraith? Well, not completely, but well on his way. His reversion occurred at a much more accelerated rate than we anticipated. Unfortunately, his memory of what we did to him remained intact. Should have killed him when I had the chance. He's right. We are totally screwed. Not only has our dear lieutenant's rejoined the Wraith, but he's taken with him the knowledge that Atlantis still exists. God knows what type of intel he was able to pick up during his stay. They will send another wave of hive ships. Probably already on their way. And this time I'm guessing they're not