They have begun to annihilate human worlds. We need to know if you can shut down the Replicator attack code on your own. I've been looking into that, and it's not very promising. But with this Wraith's help, you think you could do it?</i> - Take this. - What's this? It's the core drive of a ship's tracking system. If this works, we should be able to track every Aurora-class Replicator ship in the galaxy in real-time. My duplicate did say they were building more.</i> A lot more! - Don't worry, we're ahead of schedule. - I know. All the settlements we've been assigned have been evacuated. I know, I know. It's just that... most of the planets that are in the Replicators' path are people that we've had almost no contact with, so I need you and Teyla out there as much as possible. I think it might be the `flu. She's been looking a little green lately. I am fine. Where are we going to now? M9R-373. The Sions. It should be interesting. Look, I'm sorry we're having to go out so much. I know you don't feel so hot, but you're the one with all the contacts out there, so... It's all right. I'm feeling much better now. Offworld activation. Must be Lieutenant Kemp's team. Receiving video transmission. Coming in now, Colonel.</i> Lieutenant. Looks like things are going well. Most of the settlement's on their way through,</i> but a good number of them have decided to stay behind.</i> I'm not sure they believe us, Sir. I'm requesting Teyla come back and try to talk some sense into the stragglers.</i> I'm not gettin' anywhere with `em. Hell. I don't think we can do that. The Replicator ship's gonna be there within a half hour. I don't know what to do. They... Incoming! Too late! They're already here! Get your men through the Gate! I can't! There's no way through... We lost transmission. Dial `em back. - Can't get a lock. - They must have taken out the Gate. How many people were left on that settlement? Just under two thousand. The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams present: Season 4 Episode 11 Be All My Sins Remember'd (v. 1.0) Transcription by: swsub.com & Callie Sullivan Timing by: Golgi, Linwelin, Malikay, Obusco, Ricana, Shaft. - Both ships at the same time. - This is a first. This is the first time we've need them. Well, since I've been here. - Colonel. - Colonel. - Colonel. - Colonels. Colonel. Colonels. Seriously? - Good flight? - Long flight. - We'll make it worth your while. - <i>That's what I hear.</i> You have a way of tracking the Replicator ships? We do. That'll make finding and destroying them a lot easier. Why don't you come into my office? We'll get you briefed. It is this recent discovery of the essential duality of this particular stem of the nano sub-code that has opened up a whole world of possibilities when it comes to the expedient and permanent deactivation of the internanite bonds... Rodney... I'll let you know when I'll take questions, thank you. Have you created an anti-Replicator weapon or not? If you just let me continue, I think you'd have a better understanding of the complexity... Yes or no, Doctor. Well, no. - All right, we move on to plan B. - Just like that? The Replicators are destroying every human colony they can find in an attempt to wipe out the Wraith's food supply. We can't wait. We have to act now. But plan B, it's not a good plan. Oh, no? Sure, the Apollo and the Daedalus have been retrofitted with the new Asgard plasma beam weapons, which, given, are very powerful, they still can't destroy the Replicators. We don't have to destroy them, we just destroy their ships. From what I understand, once they're exposed to the harsh environment of space, they'll essentially be neutralized. "Essentially neutralized" and "neutralized" are very different things. Back when we blasted Niam into space, he froze solid. We didn't have a problem till we - warmed him up. - <i>That's what I'm saying.</i> Your way leaves Replicator cells inactive, just waiting around for someone to reactivate them. My way shuts them down for good. But our way is actually operational. Come to think of it, what exactly is your way? From what I understand, you haven't even gotten your programming done yet, let alone a delivery method. You didn't let me finish my presentation. I think I got the gist of it. Really? No, I'm just wondering when the Colonel here became a math and physics expert. Doctor, you came into this meeting knowing that you had nothing, but instead of just saying that like a man, you thought that you'd dazzle us with a lot of fancy talk and think that we were too dumb to notice. - Now you're questioning my manhood? - Enough. - No, he just told... - Rodney. Move on. Look, I think we've got this tracking system down. We can peg where they're going to be with a 30-minute window, and given current data, we've got at least 12 hours before any of their ships are even close to an inhabited planet. Give me and the Wraith, like, 10 hours to get the shut-down program working. If I don't, then you can just feel free to go ahead and open up on them with your beam weapons. All right. You have 10 hours. Go. I don't understand how you guys put up with... If you ever talk like that to someone under my command again, you will not be welcome on this base, Colonel. Is that clear? Yes, it is. Good. We're done here. Thank you. - Why would you lie to them? - I didn't lie to them. It is most improbable that we complete our task within 10 hours. That is quitter talk. Look, you don't know me. This is when I'm at my best, this is when I shine... Impossible deadlines. I ever tell you about the time I got a damaged Ancient hyperdrive system online moments before me and my crew were incinerated by a super volcano? Yes, you have. Well, there you go. See, I work best under pressure. Then perhaps I should threaten to feed on you if we do not complete the coding in time. Easy, easy. He's just kidding. Just tell them you were joking. Right. I'll work in this area. Time's up. So soon? - I guess that means you're not ready. - No, I'm not. We're going with plan B. You want to go for a ride? No, I'll stay here. This still needs to get done. Good luck. Daedalus, this is the Apollo, our scans are clear. We don't have any other contacts. Can you confirm? Copy that. We have the same reading. Colonel, how long before our guest arrives? Should be any second now. Won't they be surprised. We're going weapons hot, Apollo. Copy that. We have done the same.</i> I'm detecting a hyperspace window opening. Stand by to fire forward beam weapons. Fire. Contact has been neutralized. I wish I'd had these a few years ago. Well, the first attack is easy. They didn't know we were coming. The Replicators have proven very effective in changing strategies when faced with failure. Still, we took that ship down without breaking a sweat. Right. One down... 37 to go. - Welcome back. - Were in the neighborhood. - Thought I'd stop by, resupply. - How's it going out there? Splitting us up was a good call. The Daedalus has downed another 3 ships. Ellis got another two. That brings us to seven. That's not bad at all. I'll need about an hour to get what we need, then we'll get back out there. Well, there's been a little change of plans. - Really? - Yeah. - They're falling back? - Safety in numbers. Evidently, they haven't figured out how we're tracking them and... Or they haven't figured out how to stop us. Either way, they wanna stop losing ships. They're headed back to their homeworld. - That's right. - Well, that's good. They're finally all in one place. We can wipe them out all at once.</i> Ideally, yes, but our two ships versus an entire Replicator fleet... Not to mention the drones they'll be firing from the surface. The new weapons we have are very effective, but they are no match for that kind of fire power. Well, sounds like the perfect time to finally use that killer program you've been working on, Doctor.</i> Yeah. Remember when you said all you needed was 10 hours to finish it?</i> - Vaguely. - Well, it's been 10 hours... And a week. Are you finished?</i> Well, I'm just... dotting some "i"s, crossing some "t"s. Whatever our plan is, we need to act quickly. Our intel suggests they're putting all their resources into building new ships. I figure we have less than a week before they head back out into the galaxy, and in much greater numbers. If they start traveling in packs, our kill rate is gonna drop drastically. We can't let that happen. We need to take them out while they're all in one place, and we need to do it quickly. Hey, I should just get back to my lab. I have to tell them. I have to tell them we don't have anything. This is most troubling. Ellis is gonna love this. I don't get it. We tried reconfiguring your stand-down code, we tried programming the nanites to turn themselves off. Something should have worked. They are a very complex and ingenious design. Yeah, well, I thought I was ingeniouser. Yes, I know that's not a word, Mr. Helpful. All right, look, maybe we could figure out some way to use the anti-Replicator guns somehow. From what you have told me, they have almost certainly become immune to it. Even if they haven't, we'd still have to get them all in one place. What is it? I think I've got my first good idea in three weeks. Our old anti-Replicator technology relied on disrupting the bonds between each individual nanite cell. They just collapsed in a pile of dust, right? We're familiar with the technology, yes... Right, well, the thinking is always to continue down that line... To break the bonds, to turn them off, sever their connections to one another, because dust we can deal with, right? Rodney. We do the opposite. Instead of severing their connections, we significantly dial up their attraction to one another. We turn each cell into an incredibly powerful nanite magnet. You know, one cell attracts another cell, those 2 attract 2 more, and as more and more nanite cells bond to the core group, they become stronger and stronger and stronger, to the point where every Replicator cell on the planet, in orbit, all of them, are amassed in this giant, super-dense blob. A super dense-blob? That's your great idea? It is, yes, actually. What do we do with the blob, then? Aren't we in danger of creating some Godzilla-sized super-Replicator? No. At least not at first. This is not their normal form of bonding.</i> It will take them some time to adapt, to figure out how to function - within the new parameters. - How much time? - Well, I mean, I'd hate to speculate. - Since when? It doesn't matter anyways, because, long before that happens, they're gonna fuse together so tightly, they will be rendered essentially inert. Remember, this bond is occurring on a subspace level... Which helps get them past the normal repulsive force between nuclei... To the point where their electrons are fusing with their protons, and once that starts happening, they're toast. Yeah, but you're talking about neutron star levels of density. Precisely. It sounds crazy, but... this could work. Well, how do we make it work, then? Just upload a new command into their base code? I have a better idea. - What's this? - This... this has been in storage since we found it a while ago. The Ancients used it as part of their research into the creation of human form Replicators. What are you suggesting? We have the technology, the understanding of nanite coding. We have the Ancients' blueprints, for crying out loud. You want to make your own Replicator? Not a whole one. Just a block of nanite cells, say, yay big... - Just enough to get the ball rolling. - I don't know, Rodney... I'm not talking about creating anything with normal Replicator abilities. Just a group of nanite cells that can serve as a platform for us to upload the new bonding program. We take it to the Replicator homeworld, we switch it on, we beam it into a populated area, and we sit back and watch. Couldn't be easier. - There is one problem. - Only one? The Replicators on the planet will be affected quickly, but there'll be a definite delay until there's enough mass to attract the nanite cells in orbit. So those ships will have plenty of time to escape. Unless we disable or destroy them. They have 30 ships, we have two. If we don't disable them, they're gonna fly away, lay low and replicate a new army. 30 ships versus two. Can't be done. We might be able to get more ships. Depending on what has happened since I have been in captivity here, I can easily bring another 12 ships to the battle. 12 ships! Willing to fight shoulder to shoulder? For a chance to destroy the Replicators once and for all... of course. It at least brings the odds down to two to one. An alliance like this must be negotiated. I will need to personally convince them that this is the proper course of action. Sit down. First sign you cross us... I die. I know. Well, this is different. Receiving transmission... Docking instructions. All right, let's get this over with. Now what? You open the door. Perhaps we should remove these. I think it sends the wrong message, don't you? This is a mistake. We need his help. I've got a bad feeling about this. Well, we're here, let's see it through. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Take it easy, guys... All right, the basic nanite material has been formed. Let's see if we can get them to interact. I must say, Rodney, this is quite an ingenious idea. - Would you expect anything less? - Well... What? You've been in a bit of a rut lately. - I have not. - Okay, like a dry spell. That is not true. - It's not. - Okay! Okay. Now, are we certain that these nanites will not go beyond simple cohesion? Of course. I've disabled most of the normal protocols. They won't be able to do anything beyond form a simple block. All right, here we go. - It worked. You did it, Rodney. - Naturally. - McKay is back! - Stop that. I was never gone. Whoa, wait a minute, we've got a problem. The cells aren't communicating properly. Could be tougher than I thought. And I don't want to hear you say anything. Be calm. Here. What the hell's going on? Apparently, my fellow Wraith wanted to speak to me without you being around. They might have just politely asked us to stay in the Jumper. Come, now, you would never have let me leave your sight. Well, we'll never know now, will we? We have a deal... Seven hives will join us in the fight. Seven? You said 12. Not all of them were convinced that the mission was achievable. Plus, many of our ships are without queens. We'd be unable to create new soldiers should they fall.</i> - If you'd prefer none... - All right, seven. How did I wake up before Ronon? We had to stun him several times. I thought it would be best that you were awake before he was. Probably a good idea. - Are we in space? - The hives have already left. They jettisoned your ship before they jumped into hyperspace. Anything else happened while we were unconscious that I should know about? I must return to Atlantis to help Dr. McKay complete our plan. Help me wake them up and we'll get out of here. All right, looking good. Rodney, it's being held together by a force field. I know. I wanted to give the cells time to establish their own internal cohesion. Now, we drop the field and they should hold together. Not bad, not bad. Structure is intact. Bonds are holding. Dammit. It's no use, Rodney. You've disabled too many of the cells' basic protocols. It was never designed to work this way. In that case, there's only one thing we can do. Dr. Zelenka? Yes? They need to see you right away in section seven.</i> We're having some power problems in the infirmary.</i> I should go. This won't take too long. Is it all right if I just... Go, go... You're probably holding me back anyway. Ronon, let it go. Take it as a compliment... They were afraid of you. Dial the Gate. I'm detecting a hyperspace window forming. Your guys forget something? It's an ancestral warship. Replicators. Dial the Gate. - How did they find us? - I have an idea. You are mistaken. Receiving transmission. What? Sheppard, that better not be you. Larrin? What the hell are you doing here? What the hell are you doing here? We picked up on seven hives orbiting a single planet.</i> Seemed like something big was going down, so</i> I thought we'd stop and do a little intel.</i> Yeah, well, you just missed them. - <i> I see that.</i> Now, tell me, what are you doing here? And better yet...</i> why didn't those hives destroy your puny little ship?</i> I take great offense to that, but those are all good questions, so - we should talk. - Yes, we should. Use bay three. Better her than the Replicators, right? Let's see what kind of mood she's in. Larrin... That Wraith better be a prisoner. Now, I know how it looks. Kill it. Hey, hey, hey! No killing, okay? Just... hear me out. So, the idea is to keep the Replicator ships from leaving orbit until this... McKay guy can suck them back down to the planet? Couldn't have put it better myself. - And since you only have two ships... - We need the Wraith to help. We figure the Replicators have close to 30 ships guarding the surface. The Wraith bring another seven to the fight. - Still not very good odds. - No, no... But unless we... I don't know, meet someone with access to ships, it will have to do. One of the planets we trade with was completely wiped out a few weeks ago. We thought it was the Wraith, but it didn't fit...</i> They weren't culled, they were leveled. Replicators. The last time we worked together, I said I'd let you keep a few secrets, but not anymore. If we do this, we go all the way. No holding back. All right. Look... Your ship is still a mess. We have scientists that have the ancient gene. Maybe they can help you supe it up. Well, I'll have to talk to our governing council, but even if they agree to move forward, it'll be up to the individual ship captains if they want to join us or not. And fighting alongside the Wraith isn't going to be popular. Well, we know how persuasive you can be. - I'll start making the calls. - Oh, great. This is all working out for the best... It's... Except for the part where I'm still tied up, Larrin. Larrin? You and I have 2 very different definitions - of "this won't take too long." - I know. I'm really sorry. The naquadah generator in section 7 is giving us trouble, but it's fixed now, I'm all yours. What would you like to try? Actually, unencumbered by the continual need to explain things to you... - I've made remarkable progress. - Oh, really? The systems the Ancients had in place were designed to create - fully-functional humanoid replicants. - Yes. Well, turns out that trying to create something much simpler is ironically, much more difficult. In the end, I was forced to compromise. You're not suggesting... I know it wasn't part of the plan, but it was either this or nothing. Hello. Oh, my... We should go check on McKay, see if he made any progress. I must go see Dr. Keller. - Why's that? - I was stunned. We get stunned all the time. Shake it off. The circumstances are different. How so? I am carrying a child. You're what? I am pregnant, John. Is this a joke? Don't look at me. It just happened. I didn't even know you were seeing anybody. It is no one from Atlantis. How... far along are you? About three months... Three... How long have you known? Just under two. We've been... You let me put you out in the field when you've known you were three months pregnant? I tried to tell you. You didn't try hard enough. I am more than capable of... You got stunned today. Do you have any idea what kind of effect that has? Athosian woman remain very active in the community... This is different. We get shot at, beat up, stunned... We take a chance every time we walk through the Gate. - John... - As of this second, you are relieved from active duty. Hey... Congratulations. - Kanan is the father? - You knew that we were... I could tell. The way you talked about him. Yes, he is the father. I'm sorry. I will find him. He is still alive... I feel it. We'll find him. Together. I promise. Come on. Let's go get you checked out. You know, "Ronon", it's a good name. Boy or girl. So that brings the grand total to... 14. Larrin said she can get three or four more ships. - That's great. - Yeah. - You okay? - Yeah. I'm taking Teyla off active duty. - Why? - She's pregnant. Okay. Who's the father? I never asked. Wow. It has been one hell of a day. There's one more thing you need to see. McKay's kind of thrown us a curve ball. Great. I was just thinking we need more of those today. This is not what we talked about, Rodney. Yeah, well, I'm sorry, but the block idea didn't fly. This was the only way. Do you have any idea what kind of a security threat this is? It's not as bad as you think. I've stripped down its programming as much as I possibly could without sacrificing basic viability. It can walk, it can talk, but... it can't replicate, or change its form, or anything. - Does she know why she was created? - Of course. Well, then she has a certain amount of self-awareness. Yeah, so? So? Honestly, I'm not sure how comfortable I am sending her to her death. Death? It can't die. It's not alive. It's a program. I mean, its "consciousness" is just a bunch of ones and zeros.</i> I mean, you can call it she all you want, but it's still just a thing. It's a prop. It's a really advanced radio-controlled weapon. I mean, you don't feel sorry for your bullets, do you? Your bombs? All right, still. It's weird. Well, at the end of the day, it doesn't matter anyway, because we don't have any other choice. We are teaming up with the Wraith. I guess it's that kind of a mission. - We have a problem. - What is it? I've been going over your calculations. I thought it would be prudent, for the good of the mission. - I hope you don't mind. - No, no, it's fine. I think you've underestimated how quickly the nanite cells will adapt to their changing circumstances. The mass will be able to manipulate its own form before it reaches critical density. - Are you sure? - I'm quite positive. Once the nanites regain control, they will be able to halt their own collapse. At that point, they will be extremely dangerous. In other words, we're back to Godzilla. I may have a solution. We overload their ZPMs, about half a dozen of them, in a symmetrical pattern around the Replicator mass. The force of the explosion causes the mass to compress even further, essentially creating our own Replicator fusion bomb. The whole planet will be destroyed in the process. You don't mess around, do you? All this is based on information provided by a Replicator? We have no reason to trust it. We're not trusting it, we're trusting Rodney. This causes a slightly new wrinkle to the plan.</i> I'll need to beam down to the core room. Along with Ronon and a squad of marines. From there, I should be able to hack into their system and set the ZPMs to overload. In the meantime, we'll be keeping their ships occupied. The seven hives will space themselves around the planet equally and our smaller ships will fill in the holes. We could use you in my chair, Sheppard. We have an arsenal of drones, but none of my guys can fire them quite like you can. No place I'd rather be. The hives will be dispatching sizable waves of darts to target the Replicators' hyperdrive engines. My 302s will join you. Very well. Now, while I'm working in the core room, we'll beam Fran down to the city. Wait a minute, Fran? Friendly Replicator android. I didn't realize we were naming things. It noticed that Zelenka and I both had names, and... and she asked for one, so... All right, let's move out. That's quite a sight. I remember when the Cold War ended and we started doing joint missions with the Russians. I thought that was strange. I've got confirmation from the fleet. We're ready to go. Set coordinates for the Replicator home world. This is quite exciting, isn't it? It's a bit nerve-wracking. Yeah. I quite look forward to it. You do? One always wishes to fulfill one's purpose. Right... And you're fine with all this? Why would I not be? It's my reason for being. Well, I know, I just that you... - You're going to... cease to be. - Yes? I just imagine you'd rather keep being than... than not. Certainly, you're not worried for me, - are you, Doctor? - No, no. That would be silly. Yes, it would. - We should never have given it speech. - Yeah. Dr. McKay, we're approaching the target. You need to get with Ronon and the marines. On my way. Dr. McKay... Yeah? Good luck. You too, Fran... Good luck. Target their hyperdrives with the beam weapons and launch all 302s. Beam the Replicator and McKay's team down to their separate coordinates. Fan out. Fan out. All right, we're clear. This won't take more than a minute. Power down in interior section. Transferring power from non-critical systems to hull regeneration. How's it coming, McKay? I don't want to be doing this all day. I'm done. I've got total control over the power grid and the ZPMs, and Fran is... Fran is just about to activate. Hello. It's working... Just hold those ships off a little longer... I don't know how much longer we can keep this up. We just have to keep them busy. I don't think they realize what's happening yet. One of the Replicator ships is heading towards us at maximum sublight. They're powering their hyperdrives. Sheppard... Do you see that? Yeah. I got it. It's working much faster than I ever imagined... When's it gonna be big enough to pull them down from orbit? Soon. Really soon. Our shields can't take much more of this, Sir. Hopefully, they won't have to. Get ready to transfer power from the beam weapons to the... What the hell... Son of a bitch... He actually did it. - What's happening? - The Replicator mass... It's so heavy, it's sinking into the planet surface. McKay, according to our readings, every Replicator nanite is now part of the mass. - Can you confirm? - <i>Copy that, Sam.</i> I'll set the countdown and... Did you do that? No... It's the mass. It's collapsed the subterranean power grid... It's a black out. We won't be able to overload the ZPMs. Not good. Not good. Not good. Do you want me to beam and help you? The power grid has been destroyed, there's nothing either of us can do. What's the big deal? You can't overload ZPMs. Why don't we just send some nukes down there and get this over with? Not that simple as that! Look, in order to implode a mass this large, the explosion has to be timed down to the nano second The force needs to be exactly right... You can't fire a few nukes down here and get the job done. Well, it's gotta be better than nothing. I have to agree. McKay, my sensors indicate that the ground around the mass - is rich with neutronium. - Neutronium? It's the base raw material of Replicator cells.</i> It makes sense why the Ancients would set up on a planet where it's abundant. This could be very useful. Neutronium is incredibly dense. And that helps us how? Sam, we are geniuses! The mass is so super heavy that it's sinking into the planet's surface, but if I dial it up, just a little bit, it'll attract the neutronium and sink all the way to the core.</i> And the planet will exert enough pressure on it to cause an implosion. Just give me one more... Got it! - We need to get out of here. - All right, let's go, come on! As much as I'd love to, we shouldn't stick around to watch this go down. We should tell the fleet to jump to the rendez-vous point immediately. The planet's become unstable. I'm sorry you lost a ship. - They knew what they were getting into. - Yeah, but still. You gonna stick around and let my guys check this place out? They already gave us a head start when they got us battle ready. Besides, I have some things that need to get taken care of. Yeah? Like? Nothing for you to concern your pretty little head with. Look, now that we're allies and stuff... I should probably have some way of contacting you... you know, for professional reasons... in case we need help again. I know where Atlantis is now... Don't worry. I'll stay in touch. Colonel Sheppard, are you ready to beam? Good seeing you again. I bet it was. Ready to beam. Welcome back. Good to be back. How are our good friends, the Wraith? They never showed up at the rendezvous point. - They got caught in the explosion? - I doubt it. I guess they just figured there was nothing left to talk about, so, as soon as the planet blew up, we were back to being enemies. Wraith back to being enemies. Replicators don't exist anymore, you out of your dry spell... Hey... All is right with the world. - What are you working on anyway? - You'll be surprised to hear that removing a planet from the database is actually a lot of work. I thought you'd be pretty good at that by now. You can't resist bringing up the fact that I once accidentally destroyed a couple of planets? It was an entire solar system. - You want to do the honors? - No, you go ahead. All right, M7R-227, you were a constant pain in the ass. It's good to see you go. - If only it was that easy in real life. - Area 51 is working on it. - You wanna get late dinner? - Absolutely. All right. I would have loved to have seen Ellis' face when my plan worked. Such a tool. - I like him. - You do? Yeah. Good guy, excellent judge of character. Oh, I see... I see where you're going with that. Our intel was correct. The planet has been completely destroyed. Can you detect any trace Replicator cells?</i> Negative... They've been completely wiped out. Good.