that it was a gift.</i> I could help my people by warning them of the Wraiths' approach. If I can reach out with my mind and establish a link...</i> No! That's a little reckless, don't you think?</i> - Teyla. - You are all about to die! You refer to our enemy as the Replicators. They have begun to annihilate human worlds. Our old anti-Replicator technology relied on disrupting the bonds between each individual nanite's cells.</i> We do the opposite. Instead of severing their connections, we significantly dial up their attraction to one another,</i> We turn each cell into an incredibly powerful nanite magnet.</i> Our shields can't take much more of this. Hopefully, they won't have to. Son of a bitch. He actually did it. The Replicator ships have ceased firing. The humans' plan worked. Give me status on the darts. Approaching the Replicator city. The Replicator's mass is sinking into the planet. We do not have much time. We're not leaving without those darts. The mass is approaching critical density. An explosion is imminent. Commander. We must jump into hyperspace. Not until I get what I came for. The darts are on approach. We have them. I have the rematerialized cargo from the darts.</i> Now we have what we need to complete our mission. The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams present: Season 4 Episode 12 Spoils of War (v. 1.0) Transcription by: yyets.net Timing by: Golgi, Linwelin, Malikay, Obusco, Ricana, Shaft. Rodney, what have you got? It's only been a week since the battle but a pretty clear pattern is emerging. You can see it on the long-range scanners. The Wraith have split up into distinct groups. Now they're done with the Replicators, they're sizing each other up. Too many Wraith, not enough humans to feed on. Intel's claiming there are several different factions. With any luck they'll find themselves in the middle of a nice long civil war but what I find particularly interesting is this. - What is it? - That's our old friend, the Wraith that helped me save Jeanie and got us all those hive ships. How do you know? Well, the sub-space tracking device he used. It's the same signal. Why would he reactivate it? I have no idea. I think it's safe to assume that he'd know we were monitoring that frequency. - You think he's sending us a message. - Maybe. It's like I said. The hive ships that we've been tracking have formed into distinct groups, but this one's out there by itself. It's floating in the middle of space, nowhere near a habitable planet and almost an hour's sub-light from the nearest Gate. So what does he want? Well, that's the question. Hey. Ronon. Do you wish to use this machine? No. I just didn't expect to find you here. Why not? Shouldn't you be taking it easy? I'm pregnant, Ronon, not ill. In any case, Doctor Keller said it wouldn't hurt to continue exercising. - In fact, it's beneficial. - You're hitting it pretty hard. Well, I have to remain in top physical condition if I'm to keep up with you and the rest of the team. Who says you have to keep up? Any change? No, he's still sitting out there. It's been almost 24 hours. His ship could be disabled. - You think it's a distress call? - Ah, maybe. Any other hive ships picking up the signal? If they are, they're ignoring it. We're showing no other activity. How far did you say the nearest Gate was? Well, it's about an hour by Jumper. Oh, look, I know we worked with this guy before, and he has helped us out in the past, but he's still a Wraith. We don't seriously feel like we owe him anything, do we? No, no, of course not, but, that doesn't mean it's not worth checking out. Teyla. Colonel. I just heard. I would like to accompany you on this mission. Well, we've got it covered. John, I understand what you're trying to do, but I assure you, it is not necessary. My skills have not diminished. I still have much to offer the team. All right, guys, let's head out. We'll wait for you at the Jumper bay, Sir. I'm not even... I'm not having this conversation again. We have not had it yet. In fact, we've barely spoken since I told you I was pregnant. It's been a little busy around here. I understand why you did not want me to join the attack on the Replicator world, but that was a special circumstance. Look, even the simplest op can become dangerous. - And I accept that. - You think it's that simple? Is this about you trying to protect me, or are you still angry - because I did not tell you sooner? - This is about your people missing. This is about the father of your child missing. You want to go out, you want to tear it up,</i> you want to kick ass, but you can't! And the sooner you realize that, the better. Pull up the hud. We're in range. I've got it, dead ahead. Looks like it's been shot up pretty bad. From the Replicator battle? No, I'm picking up residual radiation from Wraith weapons fire. Were they attacked by another hive? Well, it looks that way. Any life signs? - I'm not picking up anything. - Maybe they're hibernating. Seems an odd thing to do after being attacked. Plus, they usually land the ship. All right. Well, we didn't come all this way to turn back, so... I'm going in. Lorne, you got anything? Nothing so far. Oh, we've got bodies. Acknowledged. We'll keep looking.</i> Looks like they were fed on. Still picking up the Wraith's tracking device. It's that way. Reading's stronger in here. I don't see our guy. You? No. We're not going to find him. - I thought we were tracking the device. - We are... Someone cut it out of him. No sign of the rest. Whoever attacked the ship must've taken 'em prisoner. Including our friend. Stop calling him that. It's weird. - What do you want him to call him? - I don't know, let's go with... Todd. It's a guy I knew in college. He was very pale. - Todd's a terrible name. - You got a better one? - As a matter of fact, I do. - You know what? Forget I asked. Colonel? What do we do now? Well, that all depends. Is this thing going to fly? Hull's severely damaged. Let's see, about 30% of the ship is sealed off and exposed to space, but with a little work, I think we can get main systems back online. That settles it. We've got ourselves a new ship. Colonel. I didn't expect to see you back so soon. No engagement. The only Wraith onboard were dead. - Was the ship badly damaged? - She's definitely taken a few hits. McKay's working on repairs, but that is the easy part. What's the hard part? The ship's been secured, there's no immediate danger, and you're the only one who can fly it. Even in my condition? All right, I might have been a little tough on you before. No, you were right. I'm just trying to understand my position. You're still a member of my team. Am I? You always were. Look, it's my call whether or not you go on a mission. Take it or leave it. When do we go? Hey. I found these in the Jumper. Thank you. I'm starving. "Apricot jubilee?" - Well, you don't want it... - No, no. That's fine. - So, how are we doing in here anyways? - It's coming along.</i> I got the hyperdrive operational. That's not going to help much if I can't get the neural interface to work. What'd you do? - Nothing. - You touched something, didn't you? No. Maybe just a little. What is it? Looks like a map. Thank you, Captain Obvious. Of course, it's a map. The question is, a map to what? I wanted to tell you sooner... but I found out shortly after Dr. Keller and I returned from New Athos. It was a difficult time. It's okay. I get it. Now, along with everything else, I'm burdened with the thought that... this child may be the last of my people. We don't know that yet. But you understand why I cannot just stay in Atlantis and do nothing. My best hope in learning their fate Is to be out here with you. - How's it coming? - Ah, you're back. Well, I've managed to get the neural interface talking to the main systems, but I've got no way to test it, so it's gonna need some tweaking. Biggest problem so far has been with the weapons array, - but I think I've managed to... - Wait. Weapons array? I thought they'd come in handy when we go after the Wraith. - What are you talking about? - I figured out where this ship - was headed before it was attacked. - <i>We figured it out.</i> Yeah, right. All you did was activate a screen. I'm the one who searched through the ship's log and found the mention of the top-secret Wraith outpost. What Wraith outpost? I'm sorry, I assumed a level of uncertainty was implied by my use of the phrase "top secret." - In other words, he doesn't know. - The log didn't specify. But whatever this is, they talk about it like it was sacred. from what I can gather, it played a pivotal role in helping the Wraith win against the Ancients. Which is why we got to check it out. All right, wait, just hold on here a second. Let's just slow down. We don't even know if this thing can fly... Let al... - How did you do that? - I don't know. My abilities appear to be stronger than before. She's not kidding! According to this, navigation, propulsion and communications're online. Teyla? I cannot explain it. The moment I connected with the ship, everything became available to me. I can feel the various systems at my disposal. Can you fly it? I'm not sure. She's flying it, all right. You okay? Yes. I'm fine. It's easier than it was last time. It's almost effortless. Hey, don't look at me. I didn't do anything. The coordinates to the outpost are in the computer. I can take us there. That's not why I brought you here. We can wait for the Daedalus. The hive that attacked this ship had access to the same information, and by now, it is almost a day ahead of us. Now, if that outpost is as important as the log suggest, do you really think we can afford to wait? All right. Get us close, but keep us out of sensor range. We'll take a Jumper from there. Well, what's up? I decided to go over the remainder of the ship's log - for any other mention of the outpost. - And? There's nothing. Can you believe it? This thing goes back a long way. As far as I can tell, they haven't been to this place in thousands of years. So why now? We've reached our coordinates. I'm dropping us out of hyperspace. The planet is just ahead. I have established an orbit around one of its moons, just out of sensor range. All right, let's get to the Jumper. It's all right, I'm fine. I'm fine. This is exactly the kind of situation I didn't want to put you in. I know. I need somebody to stay behind and fly the ship in case we get into trouble. Of course. I'm going to have Lorne and his men stay here. Good luck. Anything? We should be in sensor range... Now. - What? - Well, there's a space Gate. What, now you're telling me this? I didn't know! Look, the log wasn't exactly easy reading. All right, anything else? Yeah. I'm picking up an energy reading on the surface. Any idea what it is? No. But there's something else... A hive ship in orbit. Well... At least we didn't miss the party. No guards. They're probably not expecting any visitors. - What say we keep it that way? - Which way? The energy readings are strongest over here. How big is this place? Don't worry. I've got an excellent sense of direction. Didn't you say you got lost in a garden maze once? I was 10! Plus, I was running from a bee. What the hell is this? It's a queen. Nice work, Sherlock. - But what's she doing? - I have no idea. Sheppard! - Oh, that's just... revolting. - What is it? Hey, check this out. Hey! We've got company! Go! Go! Move! This one is ready. Put him with the others. I'm definitely going to have nightmares about that. You think this is some kind of Wraith farm? That's what it looks like. The queen secretes genetic material, which gets distributed through the structure into those pods. Presto, newborn Wraith. Nice. Yeah, I know, it sounds disgusting, but it actually makes sense. You got to remember, they're descended from insects, right? The thing I don't understand is, why here? We always did assume that this took place on their hive ships... But what's so special about this place? I think I have an idea. Oh, my god. Pods! Thousands of pods! Patch into the Wraith console. I've got internal schematics. What? If I'm reading this right, what we saw from the surface was just the tip of the iceberg. This thing is miles in diameter. Are there any other chambers like this? Over a hundred. It doesn't make any sense! There's no way a single queen could provide enough genetic material - to fertilize all those pods. - Maybe there's more than one. Queens don't work together. At least, not as far as we know. All I know is, this place was built to create some kind of a Wraith army, and we can't let that happen. You've seen how big it is. I doubt our C-4's gonna make much of a dent. So we fire at it from orbit. See, theoretically that could work. The problem is there's another hive ship out there. They'd be on top of us long before we could finish the job. What about the power supply, huh? Maybe. Guess we could shut'em down - for a while. - That's a start. Only problem is, these readings are coming from all around us. We're basically in the middle of a giant machine. I'm not sure I can pinpoint the source. Wake her. What has happened? You've done well. The second batch of warriors is flawless. We now have a suitable genetic template with which to proceed to the next phase. Where is the commander of the fallen hive? He's in a holding cell. He completed the recalibration that was required.</i> I must regain my strength. Bring him to me. His understanding of this technology is impressive. You may wish to keep him alive. You said the device was ready. It is. We are simply making final adjustments before we bring main power online. Then he has outlived his usefulness, and I must feed. Unless you are volunteering yourself? Bring him! I believe I'm about to receive my reward. So be it. Sheppard. How did you find me? We followed them. You picked up my signal. I wasn't sure you would come. What are friends for? Now... tell us everything you know, or you're going to be joining your two friends here on the floor. Hey. Any word yet? No, they've not been in contact. Well, guess there's not much to do but wait, huh? Listen, I never got a chance to congratulate you. That's really great. I didn't even know you were dating anyone. My sister has a couple of kids. Two boys, five and seven. I miss being around'em. I'm not really sure what to expect. Nobody ever is. At least, not with the first one. But you get through it. You're going to make a great mom. Thank you. I wish I could be so sure. Dr. Mckay is quite correct. It would be impossible for a queen to breed so many warriors all at once,</i> except by artificial means. What are you talking about? The queen creates a handful of warriors, each of which is then reproduced thousands of times over. This is a cloning facility. That's why it was key to their victory over the Ancients. We always knew they did it with greater numbers, we just never knew where they came from. Aren't there too many wraith in the galaxy already? A couple of weeks ago when you were fighting the Replicators, it might've made sense, but why now? Answer the man. We didn't use this facility during the Replicator war because we didn't have the means to power it. The energy requirements are enormous. ZPMs. He's talking about ZPMs. I managed to acquire a few before the Replicator planet was destroyed. And I was all set to feel bad about killing you. My intention was to create an army to wipe out the other Wraith, but I was betrayed by one of my crew. He had informed another hive - of my plans. - The one that disabled your ship? This is good news, right? It means all we have to do to shut this place down is get our hands on the ZPMs. And I know where they are. I'm sure you haven't come all this way just to rescue me, but it would be in your best interest. Let's go. Through there. We'll see if it's clear, you stay here. There's one thing I don't understand. Back when you defeated the Ancients, how did you get your hands on a ZPM? The Lantians were powerful but careless. Believing their ships were unbeatable, they sent them deeper and deeper, into Wraith-controlled territory, trying to weed us out.</i> It took months but eventually, we were able to capture three of them, each one powered by a ZPM. At which point, you brought them back here. Within weeks, our army had grown to hundreds of times its original size. From that point on, the tide of war turned in our favor, and there was nothing the Lantians could do. Save the history lesson for later. Let's go. Right. They've discovered my absence! Well, then we're going to have to move quickly. This way! Go! Oh, man. I got stunned. Yeah, we know, Rodney. We all did. You did? How come I'm the last one to wake up? Where's Todd? He escaped. Well, that's good, isn't it? He'll come back for us. I mean, after all, we saved him. Something tells me we're on our own with this one. Something tells me it's not going to matter. Open it. You're letting us out? That's very kind of you. Bring them. The commander of the other hive escaped, but I brought you these. Inform the hive. Have them begin searching the area for their ship. In the meantime, I have a few questions that need to be answered. What is it? I have detected a dart approaching our position. It could be a scout. Have they spotted us? I don't know. Did you detect any communication between the dart and the other hive? - No. - Then we still have a chance. We should destroy it. Colonel Sheppard has flown a dart before. He would've radioed us by now, and we can't risk sending out a signal of our own. Charging weapons. Do not fire. You recognize me? Yes. Have you seen our people? I have. I will tell you everything, but you must allow me onboard.</i> - They were captured? - I saw them get stunned.</i> Funny how you managed to get away. I was lucky. If I had been captured, they would have killed me instantly. So how do we rescue them? By now, they will have been brought before the queen. So there's still a chance, If you fly us back down there. You don't understand. The hive in orbit will have detected my dart leaving the planet. They will grow suspicious and begin searching for us. Our only hope is to leave now and come again later undetected. We're not going anywhere. There is no way to help your friends right now. You must face this. Wait. There is a chance. I have an idea. How were you able to find this place? I don't believe that I have ever encountered such resistance from a human before. I've had a lot practice. Well... There is a simpler way. Tell me what I want to know, or I feed on one of your friends. As you wish. If you're hungry, I'm the one you're looking for. This one! Oh, great. My entire life, I've never been chosen first... And now fate decides to restore the balance? What is it? My queen? Take them back to their cell. - I do not understand. - Get out! What did she say? She's not talking to us. She's taking control of the queen's mind. Impossible. I wouldn't be so sure about that. Who is this who dares to enter my mind? Who I am does not matter. What matters is that I am stronger than you. Really? Even now I am gaining control of your body. Yes, you do have strength. I can feel it now. But even you cannot sustain this level of concentration forever. I do not need forever. Now... get up! Turn right. You are hiding something from me. I can sense it. Of course. Now I feel it. You're not working alone. There is another life... inside you. Helping you. Stay away! You cannot resist me for long! Combined, your two minds are very powerful, but all I need to do is distract you for a single moment to get to the other... One thought... is all it will take to crush it out of existence. That was just weird. Weird? Did you see how close I just came to becoming Wraith food? I don't think weird quite cuts it. Like, maybe paralyzing, or sickening, or heart-stopping. - What do you think happened to her? - I'm not sure. Oh, great. She's back. Here are your weapons. It's me, John. Teyla? Yes. You are weakening. I can feel it. Teyla? Teyla, you okay? You must go, quickly! I do not know how much longer I can control her. Go. Move. Can you get her to tell us which way? Just go! You can let go of her now. We're leaving. There it is! The other life inside you. Teyla? Let go. John, help me! Teyla! Let's pull out those ZPMs and get the hell out of here. We have no idea where they are, remember? We pulled up the schematics in the pod room. It didn't have any reference to ZPMs. You didn't look hard enough. Let's go. Make this quick. There's a lot of data. I'm gonna need a minute. What was that? It's too late. They started to clone the warriors. Forget that. Just find the ZPMs. - I'm going to need more time! - Rodney. There are hundreds of pages of information and it's all in Wraith. They found the queen. All right. I got a better idea. - You do? - Let's get out of here. Teyla, are you okay? - Major Lorne. - What happened? I saw them... Colonel Sheppard, Ronon, Dr. McKay. - Did they get away? - The queen was... was going after my child. It's okay. It's okay. Just take it easy, all right? Major. The other hive is on its way. They've found us. Isn't there another way out of here? You want a different exit? It was hard enough to find this one! We better make a decision fast. We've got more of 'em coming. Oh, crap. Let's get out of here! The hive ship will be here momentarily. We need to leave now. Not before our people get back. Weapons capabilities are limited at best. The hull is still severely damaged. We can't survive an attack. Colonel Sheppard will be here shortly. You don't know that. I have seen them! They are alive, and we will wait for as long as is necessary. - What's that? - The other hive. They've entered weapons range. This is foolish. They will target our hyperdrive, making it impossible to escape. We can't wait any longer! Teyla, Lorne, come in. - <i>Colonel, where are you?</i> - On our way. You must hurry. The other hive has found us. Can you hold them off? Not for long. Approaching dart bay. Acknowledged. They're inside. Colonel, request permission to jump to hyperspace immediately. Negative. I have another idea. Are you crazy? We still have to destroy the cloning facility. How? In case you hadn't noticed, we're under attack. I know! Teyla, I want you to set a new course. - Commander. - What is it? We just received an urgent communication from the hive. The enemy, they're headed straight for us. Well, I think that should probably do the trick. Let's get out of here. So, what happened to the other Wraith? You mean Todd? - Don't ask. - He took a dart. He escaped through the Gate like we did, or was captured by the other hive ship. I can't imagine they could have given him a very warm welcome. No. Talked to Keller? I've just come from the infirmary. Everything is fine. At least, physically. What does that mean? I exposed my unborn child to the mind of a killer... Even before he has opened his eyes on the world. He? It's a boy. Really? I thought you didn't want Keller to tell you anything. She didn't. Okay... You were right to question my involvement in this mission. There was a time when I would have laid down my life for you, or Ronon, or Rodney, without hesitation. But... I have other considerations now. That's understandable. You have no idea how close she came to extinguishing his life.