- What's she doing here? - Is this victim related to the others? If we have a serial killer on our hands, people have the right to know. Victim was most likely a white male. "Most likely?" No clothes, no ID. Wasn't killed here. Got tire tracks leading from the road. Based on size, and spread, it's probably an older-model pick-up. We've got radiator fluid down here. Looks like the vehicle has a leak. Pretty much as the other. - Same chest wound? - Yeah. I thought I'd seen everything. Yeah. Me too. One day, we'll learn. Season 5 Episode 19 Vegas (v. 1.00) The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams Thomas Crane. Reported missing three days ago. 39 years old. - You think this guy was 39? - Check the dental records. - It wasn't natural causes. - Nope. It looks like some sort of rapid cellular breakdown. The other victims... had the same chest wound, the same bizarre aging. I read the other autopsies. The cause was undetermined. All I know is we're not dealing with a contagion. No chemical residue? Detective, you'll get a copy of my report. The previous victims all had radioactive residue around their wounds. When I'm done. What'd you say your name was again? I've got eight bodies in three months, and I don't like it when the lead coroner on my case gets replaced by somebody who doesn't look old enough to be in medical school. Maybe someone feels a need for some fresh eyes on the case. They should have just replaced me. Do you have any leads? Got a bunch of bodies being dumped in the desert and it looks like... - the life's been sucked out of them. - You really think that's possible? I don't know where you're from, but out here, anything's possible. Anyone treated with symptoms related to radiation poisoning, go back a month. No, it's not gonna come back to you, I promise. I don't know. I told you, they said it was a virus or something. Probably food poisoning. You should see the place they've got me at. Not exactly Bellagio. Whole trip's been a useless waste of time, too. My nose is bleeding again! I better go. Yeah, I will. Love you too. Turn it down, will you? Son of a bitch. - Sheppard, this is Agent Woolsey, FBI. - Nice to meet you. - What the hell happened to your eye? - This case move jurisdiction? Not yet. I'm not at liberty to discuss our interest at this time, but I'd appreciate your cooperation. - Well... I got nothing. - I'm surprised at that, detective. The victims are turning up faster. This is obviously a progression. The first few bodies were buried. We only found them because coyotes dragged one onto the 564. Now they're just being dumped out in the open for the vultures. So is that more careless, or more bold? Tell me why the coroner's report on the latest victim shows no signs of radioactive... what do you call it? Isotopes. I assume because there weren't any found. Well... There were on the first seven. - Where are you going? - I gotta go see a nurse. This guy was seen yesterday. - Where is he? - He's an out-of-towner at a motel. - The chart should say. - And you just let him go? He was seen by a doctor. We get people with flu-like symptoms all the time. All right, well, what made it stand out? He was also having nosebleeds. It could have been unrelated. Also common because of the dry air, but then you mentioned radiation poisoning... - Thanks. - Hey, look. If he really was exposed, it could be serious. I'll track him down. You want me to take a look at that eye, John? No, I'm... I'm fine. - Are you gonna call me? - Yeah. Yeah, sure. Do you know that guy? He checked out yesterday. That a medical report? If he had something, I gotta know. Have that room cleaned up properly. Wash the sheets, you know? Wash those sheets. In the meantime, let me look at your register. They were fighting. She tried to break it up. You know, it was an accident. - You couldn't find the finger? - We were up all night looking for it. Yeah, but you found it? Out on the lawn, when the sun came up. I got it in the fridge. - And where's the housekeeper? - At the hospital. - She lost a ton of blood. - Really? - Don't they need the finger? - No, it's too late to reattach it. She'll be all right. - Which finger was it? - Pinky. - And you still got it? - What are you supposed to do with it? Besides, I thought maybe she'd still want it. You know? - And what about the dogs? - Well, what about 'em? - You're gonna get rid of them, no? - What do you mean? I love those dogs. I know. I'll see 'em. Nice hand. Got me again. Almost like you can read minds. Only yours. Look at this guy. He won't even look at me! You've been taking my money all night, you won't even look at me? Leave it alone. He's a freakin' wacko. Aren't you a little out of your league here? What are you, my mother? Go ahead. I'll ante. 22,000 to call. He doesn't have it. Shut up. He didn't have it! No way. Wait, where are you going? You can't leave now! Look at this guy. Aw, geez. You don't think that's contagious, do you? You said the guy next door checked out yesterday? I never saw him. He used the tv. Don't touch anything. Sure. What is it? It's a crime scene. Get lost. Detective. We got another body here. I was just about to call it in. I heard about what happened at the casino. You following me? There's a satellite locator on your car. If you don't mind, we'd like you to come for a little drive. Do I have a choice? Right. - He won't sign it. - Well, we should tell him anyway. We can't trust him. He might be able to help us. Let me at least try. Detective. I'm Dr. Rodney McKay. I realize you have no way of grasping what's going on here. There's really only one thing you need to understand... If you fail to co-operate, I have the power to ruin your life. Well, then you don't realize how little I have to lose. I know everything about you. You've never been married. The only thing you own is a car. You have $2,363 in the bank and are $13,000 in debt, not counting off-the-books gambling losses to a guy named Mikey. What else? You finally passed your detective exam after four years and two failed attempts, and now barely scrape by on quarterly performance reviews. Am I getting this right? I also like spearmint gum. Have some. - I was joking. - No, you weren't. Let's go back further, shall we? You were a helicopter pilot in Afghanistan, but were dishonorably discharged for disobeying orders and trying to rescue a field medic trapped behind enemy lines. You were shot down, obviously survived, but, unfortunately, the crash killed four american soldiers along with eight civilians. You avoided jail time. The record was sealed for various political reasons. These things happen, right? Somehow you've managed to live with yourself since then... But I'm not sure other people would if they knew the truth. I don't really care. Yeah. That's too bad. You know... I once met another version of you. He was very different. - What? - Nothing... is what you think it is. That really doesn't come as a surprise to me. Look... We're not bad guys. We just wanna keep the planet safe. I doubt that very much. I don't expect you'll believe me at first. I'm about to tell you some incredible things. Wormhole travel through a device called a Stargate, ancient races of humans on other planets, other dimensions in space and time, even infinite variations of our known reality, where alternate versions of you and I play out events in ways you can't... possibly imagine. Space aliens? It was found under a mile of ice in Antarctica five years ago and later moved here. It runs on a power source that extracts energy from vacuum space. We call it a Zed-PM. Well, a Zee-PM. Sorry. I'm Canadian. With the right genetic code, you can control some pretty cool weaponry, remotely, with your mind. It's how we were able to defeat the Wraith hive ship that attacked Earth three months ago. Are there more? - What, chairs? - No, aliens. Oh, yeah. Lots more. Fortunately, they're in another galaxy... And, for now, they don't know where Earth is. Detective? They're called "Darts". Small, fast, single-pilot attack ships. Luckily we took out the Hive quickly. Each one can carry hundreds of these things. And the guy dumping bodies in the desert... He's an alien. A Wraith. A genetic hybrid between human beings and something called an Iratus bug. Feeds on human energy, literally saps the life out of people using their sucker on their hands. I suppose it all sounds like science fiction to you. I'm not really a fan. My team and I usually operate out of Atlantis, in the Pegasus galaxy, but we were called back to Earth to deal with this situation because of our expertise with the Wraith. Now, the one that you've encountered has obviously been doing a fairly good job of blending in. - What, disguising himself as human? - Based on your description and the video surveillance from the casino. What do they normally look like? Normally... they look like that. - Why do they do it? - Feed on humans? Well, that's just what they are. We're just cattle to them. Fish in a pond! Busy, busy, lots to do, here and there... This one fancies himself a bit of a poet. Not good. Dry as a desert outside. No place to go. He's also delirious from starvation. Eat up! Get stronger. Think and hope. Think... and hope... Don't look now! Ohh... Keep dreaming. There must be some other reason for your existence. Did you get anything from him? Nothing. Believe me, we've tried... everything. Defiance tastes like life itself. No river. No water. Dry as a desert! Darkness all around. The harvest moon is rising. Wraith are never-ending. I know the future. Come inside. I'll show you... your destiny... John Sheppard. They can get in your head. You okay? People ever gonna know the truth? Not my decision. I think people choose to live in their own happy little delusions. They don't really want to know the truth. The other victims had radioactive residue on 'em. They all did. Once we got wind of it and our suspicions were confirmed, the whole thing was ultimately going to be covered up, but you tracked down the target before that could happen. Well, with serial cases, you're supposed to look for any victims who got away. Which is how you found the motel and the man who reported radiation sickness. He was most likely exposed because he was in the room next door to the Wraith. See, we didn't think to look for bystanders that could have been accidentally exposed due to proximity. To the alien? No. No. However, we do believe that the radioactive material in this case is being transferred from the target to the victims. But the source is being shielded from our scanning capabilities. What is it? Look, we know that the Wraith don't need to feed as often as the target does. I mean, they feed for pleasure, but not if it means leaving a trail. Some other reason? If they're sick or injured, they can regenerate, but it requires energy. The target must expose himself to high doses of radiation and has to eat to counteract the effects. What's the source? He's building a device. We're not sure of its intended function, but we know that he was able to salvage certain parts from his crashed Dart before we could get to it. - Well, what about the rest? - The Wraith are smart. It wouldn't take them long to learn the ins and outs of the way things work. He's already acquired some of the necessary materials but he needs more. He also needs untraceable currency, or we would have found him by now. So he makes money by playing poker? There's got to be a better way. I guess he could rob a bank, but that's risky and it draws a lot of attention. No, the Wraith love games, and with their mental abilities, they are very good at them. The following is a worst-case scenario should the device be detonated. Excuse me. Wait here. - There's a very strong likelihood... - It's not a bomb. We need to be prepared for every possibility. What would be the point of overcooking half the United States? - Revenge? - Not his first choice. He wants to send up a flare signaling the location of Earth to the rest of the Wraith. Excuse me. He would not need that kind of power to activate a Wraith communicator. He does if he wants to send a message to Pegasus and be rescued in his lifetime. That would require a massive boost. It would require more energy than he has now. - Not even a ZPM... - I know! - That kind of burst is uncontrollable. - I never said it wasn't dangerous. It could open up any number of anomalies. - Like the inter-dimensional rift? - Would you stop bringing that up? Why do you have to constantly remind me? - You are such a child. - And yet I am still smarter than you. Don't worry. Everything's under control. Thank you for your co-operation, Detective. If you think of anything else, call me at this number. If he's not finished yet, why did he stop hiding bodies? I don't know. Over-confidence that he can't be caught? He left money behind. How much? A few thousand. Not enough to worry about, I guess. That's it? You're just going to let me go? That field medic. The one you defied orders to go back and try and rescue? You knew her personally. You were... involved. Yeah, you know everything. It was a hard choice. Certainly you didn't intend things to go as badly as they did. Things just... don't always go the way we plan. We know where to find you. Detective. Remember when I told you I once met another version of you? Yeah. I know you'll probably think this sounds ridiculous, but a little while ago, we accidentally opened a rift in space/time... Went through to an alternate version of reality. Very similar to ours in many ways. I met a team, much like the one I work with, only you were the leader. You were a hero... - Saved the world several times over. - Doesn't sound much like me. I don't think there's much difference between you and the other John Sheppard I met. It's amazing how one incident can entirely alter the course of your life. Still... I'd like to believe you have the same strength of character. That's why I told you the truth. What do you want me to say? For now? Nothing. What's going on? They feed on human energy. Literally sap the life out of people</i> using the sucker on their hand. Dry as a desert outside. No place to go. He wants to send up a flare signaling the location of Earth to the rest of the Wraith.</i> Wraith are never-ending. I know the future. That would require a massive boost. He needs more power than he has! I'll show you your destiny... John Sheppard. Recalibrating the scanners to look for similar isotopes at maximum sensitivity just shows us huge patches of radioactive desert. From 40-year-old nuclear testing. We're talking hundreds of square miles. It's like a needle in a haystack. Or, he could've abandoned the resources he had and just gone into hiding. Yes, he probably got a job as a Klingon at <i>Star Trek: The Experience</i>. - That shut down. - Really? Damn. I wanted to see that. Dr. McKay, there's a call for you. John Sheppard. - Hello? - I found him. He thinks he's found him! How? I remembered the trailer from the motel. One of those old silver bullets. Just a hunch. You said he needed more power, so I drove along some of the more remote power lines into the city. Harriman! He's going to tap into the grid. We should have John Sheppard's coordinates. Listen to me. I know what I said, but do not engage. Do you hear me? Crap. ETA to target... Three minutes. We have widespread power outages being reported across the state. Daedalus is transmitting new sensor data. Got it! A massive subspace event. Ten times the power of an active Stargate, and getting stronger. Its scope increases the longer it stays active. - What is it? - It's a transmission. Coded in Wraith. I'm working on it. Target has been acquired, sir. Take it out. We have a direct hit! Target has been neutralized. The transmission has ceased. It contained the location of Earth. Is there a chance it reached Pegasus? No. I've seen this energy signature before. I know. It looks like the device tore a small hole in the space-time continuum. - Do you think that was intended? - No. Most of the energy meant to carry the Wraith transmission went thru the rift. - To where? - Well, there's no way to know for sure. Other realities. I'm sorry, but I only care about us right now. If John Sheppard hadn't found that Wraith when he did, that transmission definitely would have made it through to Pegasus. He saved our asses. But that transmission would have been stronger in any other reality