Scared the crap out of me. Some kind of a flying monkey? A flying monkey? What is this, planet of Oz? To me, it appeared to be leaping rather than flying. - That was one hell of a leap. - I said it looked like a monkey. - You know, hair, arms, legs... - And a beak. - Didn't have a beak. - What? Here, I uploaded it. Oh. You know, that really clears things up. What do you expect? It was trying to kill me. - What the hell is that thing? - Let's send biologists down there, let them figure it out. Might be a good place for an alpha site. The planet did seem suitable. Good climate, abundant food and water. - Excellent choice for an offworld base. - Aside from the flying monkeys. All right, we're coming into range, Rodney. Serious power spike. That's strange. - What's wrong? - I don't know. These readings are all screwy. I just lost steering. The drive pods won't retract. - Do something. - I could if I knew the problem. - Just hang on, hang on. - But if those pods don't retract... - I know, I know, just give me a second! - We don't have a second! What the hell? - We just lost power. - All right, you'd better hold on. The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams present: Season 5 Episode 05 Ghost in the Machine (v. 1.00) Timing by: Golgi, Linwelin and Pikes. Okay, good. Good! I was wrong, we still have power. It's just not getting to any of the primary systems. Or the secondary systems, either. - Why not? - It's some kind of interference. I'm getting spikes all over the place. It's completely haywire. Thank God the inertial dampeners weren't affected. Well, not yet. Jeez! What the hell is that? Displacement current. High voltage! Do not let it hit you. Perhaps it's something we picked up on the planet. That is doubtful, okay? There was nothing technological... Ancient or other, on that planet. It was totally primordial. I didn't detect anything unusual in the planet's magnetosphere. Look, it's got to be some kind of glitch in the Jumper's capacitors. Just give me a second, I'll figure out how to... Oh, no. What? Hitting the Gate decreased our speed, which means we're in decaying orbit. If we don't get power back, we're gonna burn up in the atmosphere. So try to get the DHD working. We can dial the Gate, radio for help. I tried, but the radio communications are affected as well. The drive pods are powering up. Only one, and it wasn't anything I did. I mean, it just came back on-line. - By itself. - It doesn't make any difference. Keep working on the DHD. I'll try to get us back in range. - I got bad news and I got good news. - What is it? No chance of getting the DHD working. The system is completely out of whack. It'll take some incredibly intricate rerouting of the power to... What's the good news? That was the good news. The bad news is, we lost life support. So no air? - Right. That's why it's bad. - All right, we're back in range. Just keep working on the DHD. This may be our last shot. - What just happened? - I don't know, but we're back online. DHD? Everything. We got propulsion, life support, you name it. Atlantis, this is Sheppard. Comin' in for approach, but our systems are a little whacked. If we're not there in about 10 seconds, send a Jumper for us. - <i>Copy that, Colonel.</i> - Brace yourselves again. Any of the other Jumpers reporting trouble? No. Probably an isolated incident, but McKay and Zelenka are checking into it. We should probably ground the Jumpers till we know what the problem is. All right. But the planet, - suitable for an alpha site? - Yeah. Perfect. Well, except for the monkey-like creature flying around... - But I think we can handle that. - Monkey? Yeah, McKay's got some photos. He'll show 'em to you. Did you say "flying"? So, how's it going, boys? Get it fixed? There's nothing to fix. We ran tests. The Jumper's in perfect condition. - How come the systems were all screwy? - You got me. We could recreate any of the so-called anomalies. Hey, Sammy Skeptic, he saw it, too! As did Ronon and Teyla. All of our primary systems went down. - That's okay, I believe you. - I don't think you do. It's just that I think that maybe the problem might've been caused by something you unwittingly... I didn't do anything! Wittingly or un. Okay, okay, there's nothing wrong with the Jumper? - Well, not anymore. Okay, enough. - I don't think there ever was anything. Aw, please. Control room? This is Richard Woolsey. I took a wrong turn in a transporter and ended up... I have no idea where I am. But now the transporter door won't open. Can you locate me and open it, please? Hello? Rodney? Go ahead. You messing around with the power again? The lights are flickering. Yeah, I'm getting reports from all over the place. Hello? - Have you noticed the... - Yes. - Well, do you have any... - Not yet. - Is it localized? - No. Got disruptions all over the City. - ZPM? - Still online, plenty of power. It's just suddenly become... unstable. Sounds not unlike what you said happened in the Puddle Jumper. Yes. Remarkably not unlike it. Perhaps the anomaly spread to the systems? I disabled the network connection between the Jumper and Atlantis before we even came through the Gate. Well, so... Coincidence, then? - Hey! I tried to radio you... - Communications are down. - Obviously. What's up? - We're working on it. I just almost got zapped by a bolt of lightning. - Displacement current? Here? - Right there, in the corridor. - Like the one we had in the Jumper. - So... not a coincidence. - We just lost power to the Stargate! - What? Well, maybe, like, a virus uploaded itself, or something. No, I disabled the Jumper's network connection for this reason. There's no way the anomaly jumped to the City's systems. You'd better figure it out... Because whatever was in that Jumper is now in this City. - Where've you been? - On the other side of the City. Transporter malfunctioned and sent me to the east pier. I had to walk all the way back. We've got power disruptions all over the City. Nearly every system is affected. We think whatever was wrong with the Jumper has infected Atlantis. It's one of several possibilities we're looking into. - Several? - It's a possibility. All right? The point is, we have no idea what's going on here. - I was hit by a bolt of lightning. - Yeah. Join the club. The energy builds up in one area and then discharges, in a high-voltage displacement current. Very erratic, very lethal. - I tried to radio you. - Yeah, communications are also down. So is the Stargate. - We can't dial Earth? - Don't worry. All right? I will figure it out. I just got to run a few diagnostics, narrow down... Well, that can't be good. Okay. Okay. We... We need to organize some teams, fan out through the City, keep everyone calm until we figure out exactly what the... - The laptop just booted up. - It's probably just the battery. No, it's drawing power from the system. So everything's out except your computer? I am as confused as you are. - What is that? - Looks like some kind of a code. Maybe. Could be a message. "Help?" Dr. Weir? But she's dead. So we've been told. Perhaps... you should answer her. Right. In the computer? How can she be in the computer? All right. Rodney? Rodney, come in. Rodney? Can you hear me? - <i>Go ahead.</i> - I've completed the patch. Go ahead and try it. Whenever you're ready. Okay... Fingers crossed. - What are you doing? - Well, whatever this entity is, it's completely overwhelming the City's systems. It's spread out, like dozens of fragmented programs that are fouling up power management, communications, you name it. Now, I've managed to merge them, to patch them together into one incredibly large program that will a) hopefully render our systems slightly more stable, and b) allow us to better communicate with whoever or whatever it is that's claiming to be Dr. Weir. Isn't merging all these programs potentially dangerous? Yeah! But it's no more dangerous than allowing it to continue wreaking havoc on the systems. Or getting zapped by bolts of lightning. Okay, so, let's see if I can synthesize a voice to communicate with Elizabeth. If I make the proper calibrations, she should be able to hear us too. Now... Is it just me, or does "Elizabeth" sound a little different? I'm on it, I'm on it. Let's see if we can do that. Are you Elizabeth Weir? Yes, Rodney. - It's me. - It's the best I can do. I'm sorry to cause all this trouble. Who's there with you? Is John Sheppard there? - Hi. - It's so good to hear your voice again. We... thought you were... dead. I suppose I am. My... my physical body, anyway, but my consciousness is still intact. Right. So, what happened? Do you remember the day I ordered you to leave me behind? Go! Yeah... Yeah, I remember. Well, after that, the Replicators took me to a lab. The nanites in my body were unleashed and allowed to replicate. I joined the population, but even in my new form, my original consciousness was still there. I was still me. I tried to hide it, but a few of the others could sense it. They were remnants of Niam's old group. I believe you encountered some of their handiwork. Replicator-built human versions of me and your team. You heard about that, did you? Only after they were killed. Now, the other you, the human... one, she thought you'd been destroyed. That's what the leaders of our group wanted her to believe. They kept us apart deliberately, for security reasons. This is all very interesting, I'm sure. But none of it explains how you've come to be a disembodied voice in our computer system. Is that... Richard Woolsey? Yes. It is. I'm the... - the new... - The new you. I see. So what happened? How did you... end up... in there? We were on the run. Oberoth and the others were hunting us for our heretical beliefs. It was only a matter of time before we'd be captured and destroyed, unless something miraculous happened. And something did. Our intel was correct... The planet has been destroyed. Can you detect any trace of Replicator cells? Negative. They've been completely wiped out. Good... We can finally get to work without having to look over our shoulders. It's time to begin... That wasn't a miracle, that was us. We destroyed the Replicator homeworld. I know. And we owe you a debt of gratitude, because it allowed us to pursue our goal in peace. - You mean ascension? - Exactly, Teyla. We found a suitable planet and began our work. I did what I could to help them. I tried to lead them in meditation, to teach them how to "release their burden," but it was difficult. You ran into a small hiccup with the fact that you're all machines? Yes. Well, as much as I'd like to say, we didn't see that coming... we, you know, did. One of our group, Koracen, argued that it was a mistake to try and run away from our technological origin, that we should embrace it and find a technological solution. We know that a Replicator mind can be digitized and transferred from one body to another. But I've discovered a way that will allow us to exist indefinitely as fields of energy... Effectively uploading ourselves into subspace, where we'll be free to move about the galaxy unencumbered by physical existence. What would happen to our bodies? The nanite bonds holding them together will be severed. - You mean they'll be destroyed? - Yes, but we'll no longer need them. - Koracen, if this doesn't work... - It will work. You told us that ascension is achieved when the physical body is transformed into pure energy. I can make that happen for us. Once in subspace, nothing can prevent us from continuing on to the next plane of existence. Are you ready? It's done. Machine ascension? Except it didn't work. There was no next step, no "ascension" in any meaningful sense of the word. We've been stuck in subspace ever since. What is it like? Constant motion. And deafening noise. It's like the worst migraine you could possibly imagine. I don't know, I've had some pretty horrendous ones. We started searching the galaxy, looking for a way to regain any kind of physical form. We came across a few other technologically advanced societies... Really? In this galaxy? You'd be surprised how many more are out there, keeping themselves hidden from the Wraith. We occupied various computer systems, even Wraith tech for a short while. Wraith tech? Really? It was extremely unpleasant. In fact, no matter where we looked, we couldn't find any technology that would allow us to exist as anything even remotely like what we were before. Which is why you came here. You knew that Atlantis's computers were big enough and powerful enough to house your entire program. The others were growing increasingly frustrated, and bitter. I broke away from them and started looking for you on my own. I searched the galaxy for months, and then I detected your Puddle Jumper and connected with it. Nearly killing us in the process. I'm sorry for that. My current condition is extremely volatile, difficult to control. Especially during the initial moments, trying to interface with new tech. But I didn't know where else to turn. You're the only friends I have. If you ask me, it's a trick. Someone just pretending to be Dr. Weir. But what if it is her? We still have the machine I used to build Fran. - I could build another Replicator to... - No. I'd put in failsafes, a kill switch. What I'm saying is that with all the advancements I made... With all due respect to them, one thing remains constant... Replicators are far too powerful to even think about trusting them. They were the scourge of two galaxies. It was difficult to get rid of them. - What should we do with her? - She can't stay there. She's frying the computers. Maybe we can upload her... or it... or whatever this thing is, into a virtual reality, like with Ava? Could work, but it wouldn't be easy, especially if she doesn't wanna go. We'll... talk to her. Rodney, we just detected anomalous energy levels in the south pier lab. - The Replicator machine. - She's building herself a body. - She must've found it in the database. - Shut down power. I've also tried to radio down there, but communications are still offline. What's going on? Door slammed shut. - Can't get it open. - Okay, move! Go get some back-up, some heavy arms, and cover every corridor outta here. Get some C-4. We'll have to blast this door. No, this panel is toast. Is there another door we can access? Hello. Listen to me... I'm Elizabeth Weir. She was in a hurry, she used the previous Replicator that was already in the machine, which was Fran. John, I'm not a threat to you. I'd say building a Replicator body is a pretty big threat. Elizabeth Weir would never do such a thing. Okay... The machine is deactivated. Removed the control crystal, no one will build more Replicators. Believe me, I was just as concerned about doing this as you. But the adjustments Rodney's made to this technology eliminate any danger. I can't replicate. And since my consciousness is controlling this body, - I truly... - Your consciousness? No offense, but I'm not completely sold on your being who you say you are. That makes two of us. I understand your skepticism, but I am Elizabeth Weir. I wish I could prove it to you. That'll be difficult. Any personal information or memories could have easily been mined from Dr. Weir's consciousness when the Replicators captured her. I know. At least let me start by offering something of value. Let's hear it. The technical specs of the systems we've inhabited... Including Wraith tech... I've already uploaded them to your computer. Really? Well, that's... great. All I ask is that you give me a chance to earn your trust. I would never, ever, do anything to harm any of you, or Atlantis. The good news is that now she's into the Replicator's body, she's not screwing up Atlantis' computers. The power's stable, the Gate's working, and communications are back online. You're sure she can't replicate? Positive. I mean, she instituted every safeguard. If we move her to a secure location, - then I think... - Wait a minute! You're not suggesting I entertain the notion of keeping her here? If we keep her under constant guard, it'll minimize any threat she poses, if she even poses a threat. And it'll give us more time to study her. That thing in there is a Replicator. There are far too many ways this can go wrong, even if she's kept under constant guard. Everyone doubted the first Fran I built, and she turned out to be perfectly safe - and perfectly reliable. - That's right, you built Fran. You created her consciousness. Now, as much as you wanna believe that this new Fran is indeed Dr. Weir, we cannot be certain of that. For all we know, it could be Oberoth inside that body. That's creepy. What if it is Dr. Weir? Look, this is my fault. I'm the one who reactivated the nanites in Elizabeth. True, to save her, but... I'm the one who created this mess. I think I should be the one to, you know, fix it. I owe it to Elizabeth. I'm sorry... But it's too dangerous. I say we stick with our original plan... Upload her consciousnes into a virtual reality. Let her prove herself there, where she can't do any damage. A child? I'm so happy for you. Is it a boy, or... Boy. What's his name? Torren John Emmagan. Torren, for your father. And John... Colonel Sheppard? Yes. Wait, you're not saying John Sheppard is... No... The father is Athosian. Let me guess: Kanaan? Yes. How did you... Every time you spoke of him, this "friend", there was always a sparkle in your eyes. So, is the baby here with you in Atlantis? No. He is with his father. Off-world. - Sorry to interrupt. - No, it's all right. We were just finishing. - Sorry about all this. - It's okay, I understand. Amazing news about Teyla. We all wanna believe you are who you say you are. I understand you... You have to be cautious, but it really is me, John. You just have to give me time. You'll see that... Oh no. - What's wrong? - They've found me. Who? The other Replicators. They're on their way to Atlantis. - How many are coming? - Eight of them. - We saw what damage one could do... - Should we pull the ZPM? As a last resort. I'll need to effect any counter-measures I can come up with. - How soon will they get here? - Well, minutes, if that. Can we do anything to protect the City? Can you put up some kind of firewall? A firewall won't work. They just pop in and out of subspace. They're here, they're there, it's impossible to predict. I could write a program that quarantines any anomalous behavior in the system, like an anti-virus software. It's gonna take some time, though. Do what you can. Keep Fran, Dr. Weir, whoever she is, under guard. We won't upload her to the VR just yet. We may need her help dealing with them. - You set us up. - No! I honestly believed I had broken away without them being able to track me. Tell them to stay away from Atlantis. I'll try, but it'll get easier as they get closer. They don't intend to hurt anyone. You tell them to keep moving, go someplace else. It might go a... - <i>Sheppard! </i> - Go ahead, Rodney. ...it arrived... Wasn't able... Program the system...</i> Their combined forces are completely overwhelming the main power grid! - They're here? - All  8 of 'em, slamming the computers! - What about the anti-virus program? - Didn't have time to finish it. Radek, I need you to pull the ZPM, power down all essential naquadah generators. Communications are down! Rodney, I'm trying to divert power, but it's become far too unstable. Perhaps now we should pull the ZPM? Let's go. Pull the ZPM. Shut down all the power except for the main power. Oh, God. He's dead. We've established contact with the Replicator known as Koracen. He claims to speak on the others' behalf. Koracen? It's Elizabeth Weir. - We were worried about you. - Listen to me. You need to leave this place. You're causing a lot of harm. We will leave. But first we wish to be given bodies, as you have. We've already told you that's out of the question. And yet Elizabeth has been given one. It wasn't our choice, and we're not planning on letting her keep it. We do not wish to harm anyone. One of our guys is already dead, so you can save your: "We come in peace" crap! Koracen, please. Just leave the City and let me negotiate with them. I'm sure we can figure out some way to help you. The way to help us is by replacing the control crystal in the Ancient machine so that we may build Replicator bodies. That is what you will do. And if we don't? Not good. Not good! - Gate's down again! - We're losing control of the City. They shut the Jumper bay doors! They're trying to keep us from leaving. - Can't you override it? - I'm locked out! Oh, no. They just engaged the ZPM. - Energy levels are rising rapidly! - Why, what are they doing? They're sinking the City. - Raise the shield. - They've disabled it. - Any ideas? - No, we're going down. Water's already cresting the lower decks of the outer piers. It's going to breach the City corridors. I want you to send them a message for me. I've been trying to communicate with them, telling them to stop. - They won't listen to me. - That's not what I want to tell. It's not? Tell them... to go ahead. Sink the City. Destroy their only chance of ever regaining any kind of physical form. You've searched the entire galaxy. You know the Replicator homeworld was destroyed. The only place with the technology you need to achieve your goals is right here. So go ahead, destroy it. Stay trapped in limbo forever. Level one of the south pier is completely under water. They won't stop. Fine. Then we'll all die together. They're powering down the ZPM! The City's stabilizing. All right. Now we can negotiate. I have a proposal. I've already communicated it to the others, and convinced them to agree to it. Let's hear it. Human bodies, nanite-manufactured, but consisting of flesh and blood. Like the other Elizabeth Weir you once encountered. We don't have that kind of technology here. But we do. If you give us temporary Replicator bodies, and a lab to work in, we can assemble them ourselves. You'll transfer your consciousness from the Replicator body - to the human body? - Exactly. As human beings, we would be every bit as vulnerable as anyone else. We would eat, sleep, get sick... and die. Preferably of old age. What about ascension? I'm assuming that's still on the agenda? - It is. - Wait a second. Building humans... That's going to take time, isn't it? First, you've got to create the technology to do it... We're talking nanites. Organically assembling each body, inside out, at the molecular level. Then you have to create the machine. That's going to take how long? Replicators, as you know, work very fast. No need for breaks, or food, or sleep. It's worth thinking about. He may be right. If only to regain control of the City. While they're in our computer systems, Atlantis is in trouble. If we do this, I want severe restrictions placed on their capabilities... No replicating, no shape-shifting. The basic model, you got it. I mean, no bells, no whistles. They'll be able to affect some minor repairs, but that's about it. Seal off the lab, put a force field around it, do whatever you need to do to feel safe. But I've already convinced the others that this is their only option. They won't give you any trouble. You have my word. Do it. Okay, initializing force field. Are your teams in place? - Around-the-clock watch. - Good. Once these human bodies are made, and they're downloaded into them... What happens then? They'll be just like any other human beings, I see no reason not to let them go. - They could become valuable allies. - What if one of 'em decides to stay? Let's cross one bridge at a time, all right? How's it going? Almost done. Just finishing up the last one. That was fast. Actually, creating Replicators is fairly simple, comparatively speaking. Humans, not so much. The sooner they get it done, the better. And once the last transfer is complete, I want those Replicator bodies destroyed. They certainly don't waste any time, do they? No they don't. There's no breaks, no chit-chat, no social interaction whatsoever. The perfect working environment. You don't have to stay there the whole time, you know. I'm good. Talk, talk, that's all he does. You can't shut him up. Keep me apprised. - Power's out! - What the... Force field! - What happened? - One of the Replicators escaped. Koracen, the leader, must've written hidden program that was timed to kill power, as soon as they were downloaded. Disable the force field they were able to pry open the doors. Where is she? She went after Koracen. Three teams are in pursuit. We've lost all radio contact. Go join them. Go up to the control room, and try to get the power restored. - What do we do with them? - Shoot 'em. Keep shooting. They'll go down eventually. Wait! We knew nothing of Koracen's plan. If we were a part of it, we would not be standing here right now. Please? We're complying with your wishes. Nothing gets through that door. They move an inch... Shoot 'em. Hold on! You just couldn't wait for those human bodies, could you? The human body is frail, weak... Every second, that much closer to dying. Yeah, and this whole ascension thing... You're just giving up on that? Not at all. I'm certain there's another way. With this body, I'll have plenty of time to discover it. - Any luck? - They've shut about everything down. Power's cut to most of the critical systems. Except for the DHD and the Gate. They're obviously going to try to dial out. Now, I've managed to gain remote access to the mainframe. I'm creating a workaround to allow the resumption of naquadah power to the central tower's primary systems. - Minimal, to be sure, but from there... - Over-write the Replicator program and restart the remaining systems. - Exactly. - Just hurry. We need power back now. - Is there anything you want me to do? - Yes, for starters, you could, stay out of my way. Yes. Okay. Fine. And be quiet. Stop! John, stay back. Let me handle this. - Haven't you done enough already? - I'm trying to help you. By what? Escaping? I didn't know that Koracen would do this. Of course she knew! Elizabeth has been a willing participant in our goals from the very beginning. It was her idea to come here in the first place. You said you broke off from them, that they couldn't track you. Track her? She was the one who alerted us when the time was right to come. We were only following her commands. John, listen to me. I had to bring them here. It was our only chance... Our only way out. I didn't know that Koracen would cause this kind of trouble. I didn't want hurt you. What did you think we were going to do? Give you a bunch of Replicator bodies and send you on your way? I truly believed that we were no threat to you. You may still think you're Elizabeth, but you're not. If you'd like to resume your work, I've decided to allow it. We would re-engage the force field, of course. Beef up security. It's too risky. I thought that bringing the others here would be safe. I was wrong. I can no longer guarantee there won't be any more trouble from them. Or even myself. All right... What do you want to do? I remember, after you reactivated the nanite cells inside me, I said this was a bad idea. So much has gone wrong since then. But I think I know how I can finally set things right. Go ahead. If you need anything else for your work, let us know. Thanks, Rodney. You have to promise to stay put until you're finished constructing the human bodies. No leaving your homeworld, no communication with any other civilization except Atlantis. You have my word. Good luck with your command, Richard. It's comforting to know Atlantis is in capable hands. Thank you. Shall we? It's okay. I'll go first. It's safe. You're sure the DHD reconfiguration worked? Yes.