to see me, John Sheppard.</i> Well, you weren't looking so good last time I saw you. Yes, well, you'll be pleased to know the treatment was successful,</i> although excruciatingly painful. You're just saying that to make me feel good. I was able to return to my position as leader of the alliance,</i> although I have had a recent setback.</i> Perhaps you can see what is remaining of my shuttle,</i> behind me. Yeah, nice landing. Don't be so critical, Sheppard. It wasn't long ago my flying skills saved the lives of both you</i> and your companions. It wasn't pilot error. I was attacked</i> by one of my underlings. You'll excuse me for being blunt, but why should we care? It isn't the fact that he attacked, and at least temporarily defeated me</i> that should concern you. It's rather how he managed to do it. And how was that? He acquired a very rare and powerful piece of technology.</i> One with which I believe you are quite familiar.</i> - A ZPM? Are you kidding me? - That's what he said. - I don't buy it. - Why not? They don't exactly grow on trees. He got betrayed. Now he wants us to help him clean up the mess. End of story. It is possible that he mentioned the ZPM simply to get our attention. Except he would also have to know that we would discover the truth, and, in the meantime, he's volunteered to place himself in our custody. - It's not a good plan. - There's something he's not telling us. Granted, but that doesn't necessarily mean that he's lying - about the ZPM. - If this is true, it could be very, very bad. Inefficient power generation is the Achilles heel of Wraith technology. It's basically the reason for every technological advantage we have. If this underling, or whatever it is that Todd calls him, - is flying in a ZPM-powered ship... - It's a threat we can't tolerate, and we won't. Season 5 Episode 20 Enemy at the Gate (v. 1.00) The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams Well, here we are again. Indeed. This City has become quite familiar to me, almost a respite from daily life. It would be a shame to see it destroyed. If we don't help you, that would be a likely outcome? All right, let's start at the beginning. Where did the ZPM come from? You'll recall I managed to acquire a few of the devices from the Replicator City, before it was destroyed? Yes, and they were lost when Col. Sheppard took out the cloning facility. Not all of them. I may have acquired a few more than I let on. How many more? Let's not get caught up in unnecessary details. I like details. Even if I gave you a number, you'd have no way of verifying it, so what's the point? Then tell me this. Why now? You've had those ZPMs for over a year. The organic nature of a Hive creates certain incompatibilities with Ancient technology. I put my best scientists to work on this project, and, recently, one of them succeeded. Only he didn't want to turn it over to you. He decided to keep it for himself, and now you want us to help you kick him to the curb. What you really need to know is that this Hive is a work in progress. It has yet to reach its full potential, which means if you attack it now, you may be able to destroy it, but if you hesitate, it will be too late, and this Hive will be unstoppable. Lookin' good. Was it really necessary to remove my subspace transmitter and force me to wear this ridiculous outfit? Well, after what happened last time on this ship, you can't blame us. I take it then my request to be on the bridge - when we make contact... - Denied. - Understandable. - Here's the problem... Every time we get involved with you, I feel like I'm walking around with a live grenade in my pocket, just waiting for it to all go wrong, for that one thing you forgot to mention. - I assure you, in this case... - Save it. I've been down this road before. If you really feel that way, why would you let me go after our last encounter? We had a deal, and you kept up your end of the bargain, and to be honest, I didn't think you'd live. If I find out you're playing us, I'm not going to wait for authorization. There isn't going to be any paperwork. I'm just going to kill you. - What's the status, Colonel? - We're approaching coordinates. You going somewhere? Drop us before we get into sensor range. We'll check it out in a Jumper. - That's not the plan. - We can go in cloaked, stay in touch on a secure channel. If it's what Todd says it is, you can come in guns blazing. All right. Just be careful. Almost in range. Engaging cloak. All right, we're getting readings now. It's a Hive, all right. - What? - I'm reading higher than normal energy output. - I mean, significantly higher. - Consistent with a ZPM? It's hard to say from this far out. - Sheppard, what's your status? - <i>We getting some interesting readings,</i> so we're going to go in for a closer look.</i> - I'm detecting massive energy output. - What's happening? It's growing. What are you talking about? They're using the surplus energy to grow a larger, and if I'm reading this correctly, significantly denser outer hull. Look, it makes sense. Normal Hives have a limit of growth. Any bigger or heavier, and they become impossible to maneuver, let alone get into hyperspace. You make a left turn, and you're torn apart by inertia, - but with a ZPM... - What does that mean for us? When they're done, my guess is that hull will be all but impenetrable. All right, well, better take 'em out of the picture before they get that far. Hold on, they're... powering weapons. - They can't see us, right? - No, of course not. They must be just running a test. Holy crap. What are the odds of them randomly firing a test shot directly at us? I would say, given the enormity of the empty space, non-existent? They can see us. They're probably increasing the sensitivity of their scanners. Let me guess, something to do with the ZPM. Probably. Daedalus, we've got a problem. Our cloak's ineffective. We're on our way. Take us in, maximum sublight. - Shields up. - Yes, Sir. - I'm dropping the cloak. - Not to mention you could fire back. One thing at a time, Rodney. We're hit! - I've lost controls. - I'll work out a bypass. They get a bead on us, Rodney, we're dead. It worked, sir. We blocked the shot. Shield is holding. All right, now return fire, main battery, full power. Yes, sir. Direct hit. - Damage? - Minimal. Ready missiles. Throw everything we have. Sir, I'm reading a massive energy buildup. Brace for impact! Shields are down! Heavy damage on all decks. We've lost hyperdrive and main weapons. Evasive maneuvers! We can't take another hit. You should have flight controls. - What about weapons? - Not a chance. Something's happening. It doesn't make any sense. Our main systems were down, these guys had us dead-to-rights. Why would they just fly away? Perhaps because they knew we were no longer a threat. It's not like the Wraith to be so charitable. Todd said the ship isn't finished, right? They haven't adapted the full potential of the ZPM. - Maybe they maxed them out. - If that's the case, I'd hate to meet up with them when they do finish it. We need to get back to Atlantis. What's the prognosis on the hyperdrive? Control systems are completely shot. My guys are working on a patch, but it could be days, even weeks before we're back online. For the moment, we're not going anywhere. - Sir... - What is it, Marks? I think we may have something. Kavanaugh? What the hell are you doing here? Reassignment. More fun and adventure in the Pegasus galaxy. - Show us what you've got, please. - It's a subspace signal. We detected it just before the Hive jumped into hyperspace. It was weak. Luckily, I happened to be monitoring the sensor, or we might not have picked it up at all. - It's a Wraith code. - Obviously. We're having trouble because the message is interlaced with a residual radiation, and I've never seen it before. I have. Once, when we met another me, and once when we encountered another Daedalus. This signal was sent from another reality. I'm sorry, what are you talking about? Look, some Wraith, somewhere in another reality, sent a coded signal, only whatever means they used to access subspace created a rift, allowing the signal to cross into multiple realities, including our own. So, what does it say? Just give me a second. Move. Great. What is it? It's a set of coordinates. Coordinates to what? Earth. You think the Hive picked up the signal? Why else would they leave like that? It can't be a coincidence. The Wraith know that Earth is a richer feeding ground. They've been looking it for years. As soon as com are back up, we'll contact Atlantis, - have them relay a message to SGC. - Wait a minute, I've got an idea. - How many ships do we have available? - There's the Apollo and the Sun Tzu. - And the Odyssey? - On secret mission - I'm not supposed to know about. - Two will have to be enough. - What are you suggesting? - That Hive may be super-powerful, but it has to drop out of hyperspace at some point for hull regeneration. I can use the sensor data to extrapolate where that will be. - It's risky. If you're wrong... - I won't be. We can't afford to wait till they get to Earth. My guess is that, by that point, they'll be fully adapted to the ZPM. Do it. Sir, the Daedalus just dropped out of hyperspace. It's about time. Colonel Sheppard and his team are beaming down. Colonel, it's good to finally have you all back. What did we miss? There's no indication of any other Wraith ships heading for the milky way. It's as I figured. That signal was too short and too weak. That ship only detected it because of its obvious improvements to the sensors. What's the bad news? Show them. This is a subspace message sent by Colonel Ellis, from onboard the Apollo. We've engaged the Hive, unfortunately without much success.</i> The Sun Tzu is crippled, and she's venting atmosphere. We're in the process of taking on her crew now,</i> but unfortunately, with my engines down,</i> I won't be able to get to the nearest Stargate for at least a month.</i> As for the enemy, all indications are that they received very little damage,</i> and are continuing on their previous course.</i> With those two ships out of the picture, nothing stands between that Hive and Earth. -1 - There you are. I've been thinking... - So have I. - Another ship can help defend Earth. - We're standing on it. - The City, exactly! The only problem... - ZPMs. But if we want to get there in time, we need a full complement. Where do you think I'm headed, Rodney? Right... Well... Things didn't go exactly according to plan. So I heard. You intend to hold me responsible? All I know is everything went sideways, as always when you're involved. You're going to tell me that's a coincidence? Then you've come to make good on your threat. The other ZPMs you talked to Woolsey about... tell us where to get them, and maybe it'll improve your situation. Am I supposed to be enticed by this offer? No, I'll probably kill you anyway, but don't forget this Wraith betrayed you and got away with it. For no other reason, you might want to do it out of pure spite. You know how to talk to me, John Sheppard. We got 'em. He actually came through for us. Maybe he's turning over a new leaf. Get these down to Zelenka immediately. Or maybe they're going to blow up when you plug them in. - Have Dr. McKay check them first. - Right. All right, I'm heading to the chair room. Actually, Colonel, you won't be flying the City for us. In fact, you won't be coming with us at all. What are you talking about? You have a half an hour to pack, and then you'll be gating back to Earth. Even with the ZPMs, there's still a good chance we won't get there in time, and Earth's only other line of defense is the Ancient weapons platform. General O'Neill wants you in the chair. Good luck. Yeah, you too. - Colonel Sheppard. - Colonel Carter. It's good to see you again, John. All right, I've finished recalibration on the chair. Radek, how are things at your end? ZPMs are online and functioning, 100%.</i> We're good to go. - Okay, who's flying this puppy? - That would be me. They called you in for this? You must have a higher CIA than I thought. - Excuse me? - Chair interface aptitude. Well, apparently, I'm number two. Really? I'll have a look into that. Thanks for the vote of confidence. Oh, I'm sure you'll do fine. Great. I suppose I'm ready. Raise the shield. Take us out. So you're in command here, huh? Only until General Landry gets back. He's heading up a task force in Washington. My next position is to take command of our new Daedalus-class ship. The Phoenix? Actually, we're renaming it. The General Hammond. Oh, yeah. I heard about that. Sorry it was kind of sudden. Heart attack. I was off-world at the time. - He was a good man. - He really was. So, what's next? C-130 to McMurdo? Not exactly. Colonel Sheppard, this is Major Davis, Homeworld security. - What are we looking at? - The Hive ship. It dropped out of hyperspace and established orbit around the Moon. You've got to be kidding me. It's not supposed to be here for weeks. Evidently, this is no ordinary Hive ship. Yeah, that much I know. - What's it doing? - For the moment, - nothing. - The best we can guess is it's completing its ZPM upgrades prior to launching an attack. Then we got to make a move first. You got any F-302s? We have a squadron on permanent stand-by with Earth defense, but they aren't outfitted for anything more than fighter interception. - There's no way they could take... - How long to fit 'em with nukes? Well, that could take some doing. I'll get right on it. These pilots have any experience fighting the Wraith? That's not why I brought you here. I could sit in the chair and wait, or take the fight to them. What do you want to do? - You wanted to see us. - Yes, come in, please. I wanted the opportunity to offer you both one last chance to reconsider. Reconsider what? Your involvement in this mission. I'm told we're about to pass the outer edge of the Pegasus galaxy. If you wish to be dropped off, now would be the time. We've all grown so accustomed to having you here, as part of the team, it's easy to lose sight of the fact that your priorities are not necessarily always the same as ours. You're being asked to fly to another galaxy, to take what might turn out to be the losing part in a battle that isn't yours. Do you mean like everyone on this base has been doing for the last five years? Thank you for your consideration, Mr. Woolsey, but I assure you it is not necessary. We're not going anywhere. Very well. All right, looks like we're ready to go. There's been a change of plans. I'm afraid the re-fit took too long. The Hive's still in lunar orbit, but we've detected an inbound wave of darts. Guess they got tired of waiting. Any idea where the target is? The Wraith message we intercepted contained a warning about Earth's defensive capabilities, specifically the drone chair. Only in the alternate reality where the message came from, it looks like the chair had been moved to Area 51. - That's where they're headed? - We believe so. Well, evacuate the base, let 'em hit it, when they bring the Hive down, we'll take 'em out from Antarctica. Right? - Sorry, I was gonna tell you this... - Tell me what? The chair was in violation of the Antarctic non-proliferation treaty. After lengthy international negotiations, they finally moved it just less than a month ago. Where? Area 51. They're entering the atmosphere now. Should be showing up on the screens momentarily. All right, we got 'em, 12:00 high, range eight kilometers and closing fast.</i> You are cleared to engage. Good hunting, Colonel. They're outnumbered. They'll never be able to keep them all from getting through. Sheppard, two darts have disengaged. They're headed for the deck. I'm on it. Riggs, you're with me.</i> Two more on our 6:00! Dammit. - The darts are coming in too fast. - It's a kamikaze run. Come on, baby... Stargate Command, this is Sheppard. Am I seeing what I think I'm seeing? It was a nice try. There was just too many of them. The chair's been destroyed. - Sheppard, what are you doing? - I've got an idea. He's climbing, he's heading into the upper atmosphere. Sheppard, your orders are to return to the base. I've still got a nuke. I'm going to finish this mission.</i> You don't have enough fuel. You'll never make it to the hive. He got what he wanted. He's going to come to us.</i> He's right. The Hive ship has changed course. They're on their way. I've got enough fuel to establish orbit,</i> then I'll shut everything down except basic life support.</i> That way, he won't detect me till it's too late.</i> Even if that does work, given what we know about this ship, - one nuke is not going to be enough. - <i>No, not from the outside.</i> I'll wait for him to enter orbit, I'll fire up my systems,</i> shoot my way through a dart bay door,</i> and fly the damn bomb right down his throat.</i> Then I'll detonate from the inside. - John, I can't ask you to do that. - You're not asking, I'm volunteering. Look, without that chair, Earth is basically defenseless, right?</i> Right. Commencing radio silence, Sheppard out.</i> - What happened? - We dropped out of hyperspace. - Don't tell me we're there already. - Not even close. - We're on the edge of the Milky Way. - So why did we drop out? Well, obviously, we... We're not sure. The hyperdrive hasn't been operated at full power in over 10,000 years. - Not surprising there are glitches. - But you can fix it? I have to figure out what's wrong first, don't I? Zelenka, in the meantime, recalibrate our Gate position so we can dial Earth. Right away. We have to apprise them of our situation. What's our status? The Hive ship has almost reached Earth orbit. They've begun scanning us. - Any word from Sheppard? - Not yet. According to my best estimates of his trajectory, his orbit won't intersect with the Hive's for another 20 minutes. If he fires up too early... They'll detect his presence and send out darts to intercept. He wouldn't stand a chance. - Excuse me, Colonel... - What is it, Walter? We've tried to dial up the Alpha site, to send through those IOA dignitaries? Good old IOA, courageous to the end. - What's the problem? - We can't establish a lock, and it's not just the Alpha site, I've already tried a couple of alternates, but for some reason, the Gate's offline. Open a channel. Stargate Command, this is Atlantis. Stargate Command, this is Atlantis, do you read? Comm system is operating, sir. They're just not responding. Okay, this is weird. I'm picking up an energy signature feeding back through the wormhole. It's Wraith. - The Wraith are at Stargate Command? - No, these readings are more like something you'd pick up in the middle of a Hive. But we dialed Earth. - You don't think that... - Standard Wraith procedure. Keep your victims from dialing out. - What are you talking about? - There's a Gate on the Hive. The Wraith always try to block the Gate of a planet they're attacking, usually by dialing in. They couldn't do that, so they found another solution. You see, when two Gates are in proximity, one supersedes the other. Usually, it's the default Gate, unless it happens to be a Milky Way model, - and the other one's from Pegasus. - It was the same on the midway station. We had to create a workaround to prevent the Pegasus Gate from taking precedence. -1 You're telling me that wormhole... Leads directly onto the Hive. Think that cleared the way? There's one way to find out. The guards at the Gate have been neutralized.</i> We're moving on. I should have sent more marines with them. A full-scale assault wouldn't have accomplished anything. To sabotage key systems on that Hive, they're going to need speed and stealth. Maybe. I just hate being stuck out here not able to do anything. That's something I've been wanting to talk to you about. This is something that Rodney has been working on for quite some time. An adaptation of an Ancient technology abandoned because of instability - and enormous power requirements. - What is it? Wormhole drive. It's nearly instantaneous travel across enormous distances. It's not unlike Gate travel itself. If it works, it could have us at Earth in a matter of seconds. Now, the calculations are incredibly complex. If we're off even by a fraction... It could be very bad. All right, I'd say it's time to get moving.</i> - Is there another way around? - I think so! Go, go, go! This way! They hit his lung. He's bleeding out. Just go. We are not leaving without you. Come on, we've gotta get outta here now! Let's go, let's go! SGC, this is Sheppard, come in. - Sheppard, where are you? - I made it inside. Look, I don't have much time before this place is swarming with Wraith, so I'm arming the nuke. Just do me a favor. When Atlantis shows up,</i> tell 'em I said goodbye. SGC, this is Sheppard, come in. Look, I don't have much time before this place is swarming with Wraith,</i> so I'm arming the nuke. - Did he say "nuke?" - <i>When Atlantis shows up,</i> - tell 'em I said goodbye. - Sheppard, this is McKay. Look, stop what you're doing now! Yes, it's me, Lorne and Teyla, we're onboard the hive. What? How? Look, it's a long story. Just, if you're about to do what I think you're gonna do, don't. This Hive is about to attack Earth. I don't have much of a choice. Look, just wait. We'll come to you, I can rig up a remote detonator. What good's that going to do for us? We can't get off this ship, Rodney. That's where you're wrong. This way. We're about to fire up the wormhole drive. If it works, we could find ourselves in the middle of a combat situation rather suddenly. You and your staff need to be ready. And if it doesn't? From what I'm told... The City would be instantly vaporized. You guys are the last people I expected to see on this ship. Same here. Give me a minute. Where's Ronon? Teyla, where's Ronon? I'm sorry, John. I restored your life, human, and bound your wound. That was real nice of you. Now you will answer my questions. Hive has completed surface scan. They'll target military installations, then the power grid, send the population into a panic. Then they'll launch the Darts. How many humans are on my ship? Where are they? How you doing, Chewie? You were dead! We're all going to be dead unless we get outta here. That's it. They're powering weapons. Sheppard, what's your status? We got Ronon, we're headed for the Gate. - How much time? - <i>Five minutes,</i> five minutes to recalibrate the DHD for local coordinates. 10 minutes. I'm sorry, the Hive is powering weapons. We're out of time. Understood. - Give me the detonator. - Yeah, but we're almost there. Did I say five minutes to recalibrate the DHD? I- I meant two minutes. John, wait! We're detecting another ship. Now would be the time, Doctor. Understood. It's Atlantis! They're engaging the Hive!</i> That might give us enough time to get to the Gate. The Hive is returning fire. Shields are down to 70%. Keep firing, Dr. Beckett! - Get to work, Rodney. - I'm on it. We got company! The force of enemy weapons fire has pushed us into a lower orbit. - We're skimming the atmosphere. - It's draining the shield, Sir. Dr. Beckett, can you adjust our course? I don't have enough power. I can keep firing or pull us up, which is it gonna be? Keep firing, Dr. Beckett. - How's it coming, Rodney? - I got it! I'm dialing the alpha site now! Shields are about to collapse. We can't take another hit. All right, let's move! They did it. The Hive has been destroyed. Atlantis, this is SGC, well done. Thanks for the kind words, Colonel, but I wouldn't pop the champagne. We've lost orbit, and Dr. Beckett is unable to compensate. We're going in. Do you have enough shield to survive re-entry? We're about to find out. Atlantis, this is SGC, do you read? Colonel... We've been monitoring radio chatter. Several vessels in the North Pacific have reported a giant fireball streaking across the sky. Atlantis, this is SGC, do you read? Atlantis, this is SGC, please respond. SGC, this is Atlantis. Nice to hear from you again, Colonel.</i> Mr. Woolsey, you gave us quite a scare. Sorry about that. We've completed our re-entry, and we're still in one piece. Dr. Beckett thinks he can bring us in over water, but you might wanna alert the Navy. It's gonna be close. Understood. We are tracking them again. We should be able to project coordinates for splashdown. Walter, you'd better get me the president. It looks like Atlantis is coming home. - Well, how you feeling? - I'm ready to get outta here. Take your time. The City's pretty banged up. Even with the ZPMs, we're not going anywhere for a while. And when they fix it, you really think they're gonna let us take it back to Pegasus? I'll make sure you get home. This is my home. Am I interrupting? No, I was just leaving. I heard you died and came back to life. Pretty much. There's... there's a few things I still need to do. You up for taking a walk? - I don't see why not. - Good. There's something you should see. So, all is well. Your homeworld was saved, you and your friends survived, and all thanks to my zero-point modules. That's right. Question is, what would happen next time? Is there going to be a next time? You have room for two more? Of course. Welcome to Earth. No one can see us, right? We managed to activate the cloak before we came in too close. This entire area is under naval quarantine. So this is where everyone went, huh? You okay? I'm alive, and I've got you.