- He does? He never takes part in any of the City social activities. Please... He always eats alone. Either in is office or in is quarters. Maybe he has work to do. Some of us are busy people. Sometimes, when I walk by his quarters at night, I heard him crying. What? Really? Would you care to join us? Thank you. But I'll be taking breakfast in my quarters. I still have some final preparations for my impending performance evaluation. - I'm a little apprehensive. - You shouldn't be. You've done a wonderful job as our new commander. Well, let's hope the IOA agrees. There you go. He prefers to be on his own. Speaking of which, where's Sheppard? He flew some astrobiologists to the mainland this morning. And volunteered to stay with them overnight. He did? Why would he do that? This planet's sun is a class G star. That fact, coupled with its Earth-like atmospheric composition, results in the predominance of green photosynthetic organisms. Chlorophyll mostly absorbs the sun's blue and red wavelengths, reflecting green ones. "But, hang on a minute," you're probably thinking. Why doesn't chlorophyll absorb green light?" Yeah. Weird. Well, why doesn't it? - The answer lies not so much in the... - Oh, my God! Wait here. What happened? Look at this. It's a plant not unlike the <i>Begonia eiromischa</i>. - God. Lorne warned me about this. - You don't understand. The woolly-stalked begonia went officially extinct back on Earth in 2007. And yet here we are, standing over a species that's shockingly similar... I'm gonna go back to the Jumper and set up for the night. Want to join me? It's a very unusual find. Right. Well, knock yourself out. That's what we're here for. Take your time. We're here all night. Season 5 Episode 15 Remnants (v. 1.00) The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams - Can I give you a hand with that? - Actually, if you wouldn't mind... - Where are you headed? - Back to my quarters. The southeast pier. Level 19. Penthouse suite. Nice. - Have we met? - Not yet. I'm Vanessa Conrad. I just recently arrived on the Apollo. - Welcome to Atlantis. - Thank you. It's beautiful. And huge. It's probably gonna be weeks before I know my way around. Well, I'm sure the gang at orientation will help you settle in. I'm sorry. I'm keeping you. - Southeast pier, level 19. - No. I have all the time in the... - This is you, I believe. - Right. - Nice to meet you, Doctor. - Vanessa. - You can call me Vanessa. - Very well. Nice to meet you, Vanessa. - Thank you, Mr. Woolsey. - Actually, you can call me... Dick. Crap. What happened to your off-world foofaraw? I thought you were the guest of honor at some big diplomatic dinner on M2J? Yeah, I was, but the festivities ended early when three members of Lieutenant Donovan's team suffered a severe allergic reaction to something that we were served at the grand banquet. I think it might have been those little green berries with the purple specks on them, because my tongue did feel a little bit numb... Yeah, FYI, this conversation ended six seconds ago. Yeah, anyway, on the way back, I had an idea. Have a little lie-down. It'll pass. You should hear me out. We should run a scan of the ocean floor. I've been noticing anomalous temperature in the waters surrounding the City. I think it bears - further investigation. - Not really. We head through the Gate every day exploring distant worlds, and yet, with the exception of a few marine biology tests, we have barely scratched the surface of the very planet that we occupy. 'Cause there's nothing there. My point is it wouldn't hurt to be thorough. My point is your point is pointless. And a giant waste of time. Dammit. Xiao, welcome. Atlantis welcomes you. It is with great pride that I... Hello, Richard. Welcome to Atlantis... With... great pride. I'm looking forward to the grand tour. Well, then... - Shall we? - Yes. This is the control room... for all intents and purposes, the City's nerve center. These technicians are the very best at what they do. How's the kickboxing going, Amelia? Great, Sir. Thanks for asking. Hello there, Chet. It's Chuck. Excuse me? It's Chuck, sir. My name is Chuck. Of course. Chuck. Chet's on the late shift. There is no Chet. I think it would be a simple matter of reconfiguring the City's short-range sensors in order to achieve... You know, I can see your lips moving but I'm not hearing any sound. It would take less than an hour to make the necessary adjustments. All right, you know what? If it is so simple and important to you, why don't you just go ahead and do it yourself? - Because I require your authorization. - You got it. Thank you, Rodney. You realize it's highly unlikely you'll actually find anything. No? Then I would have wasted an hour of my time and you'll be able to tell me "I told you so." If, on the other hand, I do find something, perhaps they'll name something after me for a change. The prospect of commanding the Atlantis expedition was a daunting one. Dr. Weir and Colonel Carter were incredibly tough acts to follow. Yet you availed yourself nicely, Richard. And you survived your nine months here. Well, I like to think I've accomplished a little more than mere survival, and I'm certain that once you've had review my report... That won't be necessary. - I'm receiving my graduation papers? - Of course. In recognition of the great job you've done here, the IOA is appointing you as chair of Earth's new environmental initiative. Congratulations, Richard. You're coming home. All right, short-range sensors are good to go. Start the sweep. Sweep initiated. Great. So it should take about 30 minutes to scan the entire planet, which means I've time to get down to the cafeteria, get myself some of that fine almond biscotti and a Yoo-hoo, and be back in time for you to tell me you have found nothing. We've found something. Yes, of course we did. Whatever it is, it's sitting approximately 1,500 feet below sea level. Hello, John. I don't understand your reaction. Nine months ago, you were dreading coming over here. A lot has changed in nine months. I like it here. And, quite frankly, I don't like the idea of leaving a job unfinished. I've done good work. My record speaks for itself. What's really going on? The IOA is concerned about some of the decisions you've made, decisions that have run counter to protocol and, quite frankly, common sense. They... We... feel that the demands of this position have compromised your judgment, and it's time for a change. Right here. That'll do. I wonder how long it's been down there. To think, it would have remained undiscovered if we hadn't have... Nice job on reconfiguring the short-range sensors. Thank you. Nice job on the... wild guess. Thank you. - Shall we? - Yes. Keep looking. There's nowhere for them to go. They're scientists. Trust me. They don't run very fast. You're awake. Save your energy. You're not getting away this time. I killed you. You shot me. There's a difference. No. I killed you. - Beckett confirmed it. You were dead. - I'm sure that's what he thought. Let's just say your friend... Lucius? He wasn't the only one using Ancient technology that day. How did you get here? How did you find us? Turns out some of your off-world contacts aren't as trustworthy as you think. Your secret's out, Sheppard. A half day's walk in that direction will bring us to the edge of the mainland. I figure it'll take us maybe two days to reach Atlantis by boat. You won't get to the edge of the City. They'll blow you out of the water. No. They won't even see us coming. They'll be too busy counting their dead. What are you gonna do? Send an explosive through your Gate, cripple the City's defenses. But for that, I'm gonna need something from you. I think you call it an IDC. Go to hell. I thought you would need some convincing. Dr. Conrad. Vanessa. Come in. - I hope I'm not intruding. - Not at all. What brings you by? This may be wholly inappropriate, but I was wondering - whether you'd like to catch a movie. - A movie? They're screening two of my favorites... Planes, trains, and automobiles and dirty rotten scoundrels. Truth be told, I'm having a horrible day and I'm not of a laughing mood. We can wait until tomorrow when they'll be screening Mad Money and Kangaroo Jack. Is it something you'd like to talk about? It seems the time for talk has passed. I've just been informed that I'm being relieved of my command here on Atlantis. I'm sorry. Why? Apparently, I'm not very good at toeing the company line. I assumed I got this position on the strength of my record. But now it's clear that the only reason they appointed me Is because they expected I would just roll over for them. Then don't. - What? - Don't roll over for them. - Fight this. - I can't. The decision's been made. If that was true, then why didn't they just forward you a communique instead of sending a mouthpiece on a 3-week journey to the Pegasus galaxy? Did you really expect me to just give up without a fight? Honestly? Yes. I assumed you'd let common sense guide you on this one. You weren't sent here to fire me. You were sent here to evaluate my performance and make a recommendation based on your findings. The IOA may be leaning a certain way, but they have yet to make a decision on my fate. Yet you, their representative, clearly have... Which leads me to assume something else is going on here. Someone in the IOA wants me gone and is using you to make sure that happens. Tell me, Xiao. What are you getting in return? It's my job, isn't it? They've promised you the Atlantis command if you help them get rid of me? This will all go a lot easier - if you accept where this is going. - The hell I will. Richard, I hold all the cards. The decision is in my hands. This is a fight you cannot win. You can tolerate more than any man I've ever known. Now, why is that? Well, I was married once. You're here in the Pegasus galaxy to protect your people, but half the time, you can't even do that. That's what drives you, isn't it? Your past failures. Do you think by not giving me the IDC you're keeping your people safe? You're just putting off the inevitable. It's over. You can't protect them. You, those scientists, your friends back at Atlantis... They're as good as dead. Well, I see that asking nice isn't working. I'm gonna have to make other plans. Two men report to my position. On our way. In a couple of minutes, you're gonna wish you'd given me that IDC. What are you working on? According to this, the device is emitting a low-level energy signature in an oscillating pattern. - Is it dangerous? - No. Radiation's minimal, but... Unimportant. We should be focusing on the data. I was. Like, I've run every kind of decrypt sweep I can think of at this thing. Still nothing. I don't know what to do. - Oh, you'll think of something. - Really. - What makes you so sure? - Oh, because you're brilliant. That's true. Doesn't mean I'm gonna... Wait a minute. What did you say? Why did you say that? What are you, sick? Am I sick? - What've you heard? - No, nobody's sick, Rodney. I said you were brilliant because... Because you are. I rarely say it because you're a difficult man to compliment. You're egotistical, you're arrogant, you're stubborn... And brilliant. Yes, Rodney. And brilliant. Right. Well... pull up a chair, Radek. We've got some work to do. All right... Tell me what plan B is, or are you just gonna surprise me? I'm gonna have my men repair the damage they did to your Puddle Jumper, then use it to attack the City. Well, I hate to be Mr. Negative, but I can think of at least one problem you're gonna run into. Yes, I know all about the Ancient gene needed to operate the Jumper. But that's not gonna be a problem because you're gonna give us a hand. Hold him. Last chance, Johnny Boy. You gonna give me that IDC? Didn't think so. You're an interesting man, Sheppard. You travel to another galaxy, risk your life defending a bunch of people you don't even know. If you ask me, you're either someone with a death wish or someone running away from something. So tell me, what are you running away from? - Where have you been? - All over. The EM radiation this device is giving off covers the entire City and well beyond. You said it wasn't dangerous. It's not. At least, according to this... It has a relatively low frequency. At worst, some people may experience headaches or trouble sleeping. Well, then, we'll shut it off before bedtime. In the meantime, you should be focusing on the data. I'm not getting anywhere with that. I mean, despite the fact that I am a genius. I said you were brilliant. Not you were a genius. Same diff. I don't get it. You know, this script appears to be a lot less complicated than many we've encountered. It's only 12 symbols in an endlessly repeating yet varying sequences. I agree. It's very curious. It's like being asked to figure out the password for an alien laptop or something. I think that if we... - What? What are you doing? - I'm figuring out the alien's password. - Rodney, I was kidding. - No, it makes sense... Every kid with a computer password-protects. Why wouldn't an alien? There. Why didn't I see that before? - What? - The pattern isn't in the text. It's in the spaces in between the text, each exactly 12 symbols in length. Each section of text is a multiple of 12... 24, 48, 96... Separated by a 12-symbol space. Look, it's... it's a puzzle. It's a prompt. What are you doing? Running pattern recognition software on the 12-symbol sequence. Hopefully I can come up with a 12-symbol permutation that I can feed directly back into the device. And if I'm right... If we're right... we unlock the alien laptop. You poached my private spot. What? What I meant to say is you discovered my little personal area. This is where I come to be alone with my thoughts. - Do you mind sharing it? - Not at all. It's beautiful. I wish I could stay here forever. By the way, I wanted to thank you for earlier today. - I took your advice. - Are they backing down? Unlikely. But at the very least, I have the satisfaction of knowing I went out swinging. You're a good man, Richard. I really wish they could see that. Vanessa, would you like to have dinner with me tonight? It would be my pleasure. Wonderful. What time should I swing by to pick you up? It might be easier if we just met up. Mr. Woolsey, you're off radio. Dr. McKay needs to see you right away. That is the historical, scientific, and technological records of an extinct civilization, and if this device is any indication, a highly advanced one at that. I mean, medical breakthroughs, specifications for advanced weaponry... - This is incredible. - It is. - I sense a "but". - No, no, no. No, no, no. No "buts". - A "By the way", maybe. - I'm listening. Like I said, the device contains the records for a long-dead civilization. But it also contains the chemical building blocks for a silicon-based lifeform. - What does that mean? - This device was designed to seed planets with organisms that would, in time, evolve into a sentient race. Once that sentient race reached a certain level of maturity, they could then benefit from the information left for them by their extinct ancestors. - So what happened? - I'm not sure. Obviously, they didn't complete their journey. They ended up here instead. Still, with the help of the Daedalus, we could ensure that it finally reached its target destination. Okay, let's copy the data and then send it on its way. Which is where the "Oh, by the way" comes in. Look, this device is set up in such a way that accessing the data would do irreparable damage to the biological samples. In other words, it's either/or? Either we take the data or we send it on its way. We can't do both. You disappoint me, John. I didn't think you'd be this easy to break. Even those two scientists you came with put up more of a fight... before we killed them. Just another two you couldn't save. We're done. It's operational? We used the genetic material to initiate it. You hear that, Sheppard? We've got the Jumper... Sir, we can come back and deal with him once we're done with Atlantis. We deal with him now. Find him and kill him. Hello, Ellen. Hello... you. Amelia, could you please do me a favor and pass on a message to Dr. Vanessa Conrad? She's in one of the science departments. Please tell her that, given Dr. McKay's recent findings, we may have to reschedule our dinner tonight. Dr. Conrad? Are you sure, sir? Better yet, why don't you just tell me where her quarters are? I suppose it's only proper that I tell her personally. There's nothing here, sir. She hasn't been assigned quarters yet? No sir, according to this, there's no Dr. Conrad on Atlantis. Amelia, the woman I was talking to when you approached me earlier today... - Sir? - On the balcony. The woman I was speaking with when you delivered the message from Dr. McKay. She probably left before I got there, sir. When I approached you on the balcony, you were alone. There's nothing wrong with you. - What's going on? - I'll let you know in a second. - I'm just looking over your results. - She won't find anything. According to this, you're fine. Perfectly normal. - See? - Then what is going on? Why isn't your name in the database? Why couldn't Amelia see you earlier today? I'm pretty sure my name is in the database. And as for Amelia, if she has a medical concern, there's no reason why she shouldn't see me. - When did she come by? - She can't see me, Richard. Only you can see me. Why? I'd like to clarify the misunderstanding. I don't want her thinking I turned her away. Amelia's fine. I'll talk to her. Great. As for you, you said you've been feeling unwell? That's right. Tired? Somewhat. Any visual symptoms? Shadows or flashes in your field of vision? Sort of. Yes. What about auditory symptoms? Occasional ringing or buzzing or whistling? We need to talk. - Yes. The occasional buzzing. - Somewhere private. There it goes again. I bet you haven't been sleeping very well, what with this whole probationary review... Of course. That's it exactly. You're obviously under a lot of stress, and sometimes anxiety can manifest itself in a variety of ways, but these are gonna help you relax and sleep through the night. And hopefully, once you're well rested, you'll be feeling much better, and your symptoms will disappear. But if they don't, come back and see me. Okay? Thank you, Doctor. I wouldn't advise taking those. - How long have you been standing there? - Sorry. I didn't wanna disturb you. - You seemed deep in thought. - I'm always deep in thought. Keeps me sharp. And sleepless. So, what are you working on? I'm just analyzing the readings from the radiation of the device. Jeez, the radiation. I'm just killing time till Woolsey gives us the green light to start data retrieval on that thing. - You think he will? - Of course. This is huge... The achievements of an alien race, are you kidding me? Wait a minute. What? The modulated, ultra-low frequency emanating from the device... I've seen something like this before. I'm sorry I made you doubt your sanity. Who are you? What are you? A physical manifestation of your subconscious romantic and sexual ideals. Oh, God. You're not crazy. You're really seeing me. - Why? - I'm sorry I had to deceive you, but the survival of an entire civilization is at stake. This has something to do with that device Dr. McKay recovered, doesn't it? She can't see me. I thought I heard you talking with someone. I was running through the pep talk I'm going to be giving the gang in microbiology. Really? You know, I saw you on the balcony this afternoon talking with... yourself. I... occasionally do verbalize my thoughts. It helps me put things in perspective. A casual observer might find that sort of behavior a little disconcerting, especially coming from someone in your position... faced with a very important decision. Another nail in my coffin? Dr. McKay briefed me on the device he recovered. Yes, it is an impressive find. - That doesn't belong to you. - Please... sit down. He tells me you've delayed giving the go-ahead on the data retrieval. I'm not sure if Dr. McKay explained the dilemma we're facing... I can't even believe you're considering letting this slip away. There are other issues to consider. - Such as? - The fate of another race. Will you stay out of this! I will do no such thing. Their civilization is dead. Ours, on the other hand, is alive, and we could use that information. We'd be robbing a civilization of the opportunity to rebuild itself. There's no guarante that a civilization will evolve from the seeding process. The entire race could die out before it even reached sentient status. And we would be throwing away an incredible opportunity. Or... consigning billions of potential lives to oblivion. I can't believe your good fortune, Richard. This is your opportunity to show the team back home you can play ball. Follow procedure and save your job, or you can hand it to me on a silver platter. Your choice. How dare you threaten me? It's not a threat, Richard. I'm simply telling you how things are going to play out if we lose that device. Richard, please. They were a kind and peaceful race, one well worth saving. We need to get rid of it! The energy signature that device is giving off is very similar to one we encountered on M1B-129. It can induce mass hallucinations. Or function as a means of communication between two very different species. Let's act quickly. Salvage the data and destroy the device. Thank you all... both for enlightening me. I'll make my decision shortly. Please. Now... Why don't you tell me what's going on? This has gone on long enough. Use your other hand. Go on. I have no intention of letting you die. Now, climb back up, John. That's it. What the hell's going on here? Tens of thousands of years ago, a civilization foresaw its end. After millions of years of evolution, the race known as the Sekkari faced extinction. Knowing they couldn't save themselves, they spent their final days creating the means to start over. They built seed carriers, each with a different target world programmed into its navigation system, worlds that would provide them with the chemical compounds necessary to produce, sustain, and develop life. Each seed carrier also held a repository containing the history of the Sekkari people... Their struggles, their achievements, and the mistakes that ultimately led to their own destruction. The seed carriers were outfitted with subspace communicators designed to alert the group once a seeding was successful. Over 50 were launched. None achieved their goal. This unit malfunctioned. I guided it to the nearest planet... This world, in the hope that it would prove suitable to the life-forming process. It wasn't. This device survived re-entry relatively unscathed, then spent the next 2,000 years at the ocean's bottom, until recently, when its dormant systems were awakened by its sensors picking up trace readings from one of your submerged Jumpers. The one Dr. McKay flew up out of the underwater bay weeks ago. I scanned your city, and then I linked with you. What are you? I'm the seed carrier's artificial intelligence. My aim was to study you, to get to know you, and, eventually, direct you to help complete this unit's assignment. - By manipulating me. - No. By finding out what kind of person you were in the hope that we could place our trust in you. Couldn't you have simply communicated your situation to us from the beginning? Please understand... I am the last hope for the Sekkari people. I couldn't risk it. I'm sorry. As a soldier, you were a threat. If anyone was to use force to secure the repository, it would have been you, the military man. So I connected with your mind to distract you. Distract me? Making me think the Jumper was sabotaged would've been enough of a distraction. You would have discovered the subterfuge. I'm unable to maintain a static illusion over time. It was necessary to keep your mind occupied. - And that's what you chose? - What you chose. I didn't have full control over your hallucination or the direction it took. It was your mind driving the diversion. I merely played along. Are you saying I tortured myself? You torture yourself every day, John. But in this case, it was your mind manifesting your darkest fears. You were the architect of your own self-deception. Now you know the truth and have a decision to make. Colonel, where were you? We're sitting here for... Shut up. Get in the Jumper. Sorry to disturb you, Ms. Shen, but you've just received a secure transmission from Earth.</i> - <i>Can I patch it through?</i> - Go ahead. Luthor. How are things? Well, but I felt it only fair to inform you of recent developments here.</i> As much as I believe you'd be a worthy candidate to replace Richard,</i> I'm afraid the rest of the council feels otherwise.</i> It looks like we'll be going with James Coolidge instead.</i> - Coolidge? - <i>Don't worry.</i> You'll still be rewarded for facilitating the transition.</i> Congratulations. You'll be chairing the IOA's new environmental initiative.</i> I'm off. I suppose I'll be joining you shortly. Don't make any holiday plans. You're not going anywhere. I gave you a glowing review. And since your future rests entirely on my report, I'd like to be the first to congratulate you as the new Permanent Commander of the Atlantis expedition. I don't understand. Like you, Richard, I'm nobody's puppet. They should've thought of that before delivering yesterday's update. Good luck. Yesterday's update? I don't know what she's talking about, sir. We haven't had a scheduled dial-out in days. Could I have a moment alone, Amelia? Yes, sir. I assume that you're responsible? Consider it a going-away present. Thank you. Alrighty. Here we are, all fixed up and ready to roll. What happens when you reach your destination? Destination? You're talking to the AI, aren't you? I'll start the process that will give life to the Sekkari, and then I'll go to sleep until a time when I'm needed again. I realize it may have been an unpleasant experience... Yeah, well, just a little bit. - What... you can see her too? - And I want you to know I'm sorry for what you had to go through. The Apollo is ready to beam. The ship will take you to your target planet. I don't mean to complain or anything, it's just I spent the day making sure this was in working order. It would be kind of nice to just get a little face time with... Here you are, Dr. McKay... The true form of the Sekkari. Neat. Good luck. "Neat"? What? I... She caught me off guard. What did you want me to say? - What would you have said? - "Weird." Would you care to join us? Well, actually, I have some reports to file... Thank you. I'd love to join you. So, you really had no idea that what you were seeing wasn't real? Trust me, the manifestations were very convincing, Doctor. You wouldn't have known. With all due respect, I think they knew they couldn't fool me, so they, you know, didn't bother. - They just concentrated on you two. - You know what I don't get, is the AI thing revealed itself that morning, you discover the device that afternoon. I mean, that's perfect timing. The Colonel's right. That was very coincidental. And I know what you're implying, but my mind was clear. That device was found because of my brilliant thinking and, as much as I hate to admit it, a little help from Zelenka. What? Zelenka's off-world. No, he's not. He came back yesterday. Lieutenant Donovan had a nasty reaction to something he ate, they came back early. Didn't they?