- Excuse me? You have not come for the arranged marriage? No. Would you perhaps be seeking a husband? No. Then what brings you to our town? We've heard of strangers who recently arrived, a rough-looking group, boasting of many Wraith kills? Yeah, we think they might be Satedan. Ah, yes, you mean the three loud-mouthed drunkards who spend their days carousing at the tavern? Sounds like my people. They've taken rooms at the local inn. - Thank you. - You are most welcome, and should you ever reconsider your desire for a husband... All right, I'll check the inn, you check the tavern. Sounds good. Hello. I'm looking for three individuals who recently arrived. I've heard they are voracious eaters and drinkers, and, apparently, they've been quite vocal about their recent successes against the Wraith. These people you're looking for... they're either very brave, or very stupid. How so? Well, if word of their bragging got back to the Wraith, it could be very bad for them. I doubt they need to fear a Wraith overhearing their conversation. Of course not, but the Wraith don't always need their own ears to hear. Do you know the people whom I seek? Sorry. I mind my own business, which is something you might want to consider. And you might want to consider offering your unsolicited advice to someone who actually cares to receive it. An attitude like that could get you hurt, or worse. What's the first to go? The ears, or those pretty eyes? How about your head? - Ronon! - Ara, Karai! - Heard the rumor? - No, what rumor? - Never mind. Forget I mentioned it. - Wait. What is this about? No, it would be irresponsible for me to say anything. If you're going to twist my arm, the IOA have made their final decision. They've - chosen the new leader of Atlantis. - Well, who is it? Well, there's been no formal announcement, but word is, they're going with their foremost expert in Ancient technology and Replicator activity. Who does that sound like to you? - You? - Yes. Who else? I heard they were leaning toward someone with a science background. And why not? It's about time that one of us ended up in a position of real power. And by "us," you mean "you." Exactly. It's kind of scary, though. I'll be making decisions that don't affect just the City, but the entire galaxy. Yes, scary. Very scary. On the other hand, a leader never second-guesses himself. I'm up for the challenge. I know I am. I'm going to make them proud. I'm going to make you proud. The Wraith-Replicator war is in full swing. From what I hear, the Replicators are kicking some serious ass - in their last offensive. - <i>That's good news, John. Well done.</i> - Hey! - I'll have the reports ready for you. What's new? Just making preparations for the change in command here. - Don't tell me. I already know. - Really? I just want to say that I think the IOA could not have made a better choice. - Thanks, Rodney. - No, no, no, no, you are too kind. What? "Thank you, Rodney." No, wait a minute. You mean the... Yeah. She's our new boss. The Projet-SG and SG-66 Teams Present: Season 4 Episode 03 - Reunion (v. 1.0) - Transcription by swsub.com http:projet-sg.net - <i>I thought you guys were dead.</i> - <i>Believe me, so did we.</i> How did you manage to survive the Wraith attack on Sateda? We weren't there. I don't understand. When we first made the decision to fight back against the Wraith, we didn't just wait for them to come to us. We started running ops against some of their known strongholds. They were quick strikes. Get in, hit 'em hard, get out. Only on this particular occasion, we kinda messed up the getting out part. I saw the darts hit your position. What you didn't see was that we'd found a network of caves in the hillside. When the Wraith attacked, the entrance collapsed, and we were sealed in. It took us three days to dig our way out. And by then, the place was crawling with them. It was obvious they were gearing up for an attack.</i> Took 2 weeks before we could find our way through the Gate, and by then... It was too late. When we got back to Sateda, there was nothing left. I'm sorry. I should have never left you behind. Don't be an idiot, Ronon. When you took 2nd squad back to the Gate, you couln't know the darts were trying to come through. If we'd have gone back with you, then we'd have died in the attack on Sateda along with everybody else. The only reason why you survived was because they made you a Runner. You heard about that? A while back, we started hearing stories. They said you were seven feet tall and had the strength of five men. People like to exaggerate. They also said you killed a hundred Wraith. That part sounds about right. Well, then... To the misery of our enemies and the reunion of friends - come back from the dead. - Oh, yeah. On the day I left Chulak, Master Bratac said to me, "Draw from your past, but do not let your past draw from you." That's good advice. Still, I know I'm going to miss this place, and all of you. I would have been offended had you felt otherwise. 10 years is a long time. It has been 10 years well spent. We have defeated numerous enemies and overcome many threats. It was never dull. We have accomplished much here, but now it is Atlantis that is in need of you. Yeah... Part of me is looking forward to going, but... there's a part of me that thinks maybe it's too soon, that I'm leaving my work here unfinished. Your work will continue, only in a different place. You have been bestowed an incredible honor, Colonel Carter, and I believe you should embrace it. And know this... Though we may not be leaving with you, SG-1 will never be far away. So I can expect you guys to come and visit sometime? Undomesticated equines could not keep me away. Nice call-back. Indeed. All right. Time to go. - What's that? - It's a selection of fruits from the various worlds we trade with. - I thought it'd be thoughtful. - Try lame. Really, and what would you suggest? You know, maybe some flowers. You could brighten up her quarters. Oh, flowers. Here, take this, and go. Colonel Carter, welcome to Atlantis. Thank you. It's nice to be here. I want you all to know how honored I am to accept this appointment. I've come here fully committed to this expedition, to Atlantis, and most importantly, to each and every one of you. I look forward to working with all of you. Thank you. Nice speech. Thank you. I also do weddings and award shows. Book early to avoid disappointment. Should we go check out your new digs? Yeah. - Rodney... - Sam... Stings, doesn't it? What the hell have the three of you been doing all these years? Eating, drinking, killing Wraith. We've hit them more times than I can count. Racked up a pretty nice body count. Not to mention the 12 darts we've downed. We're armed, we're mobile, and occasionally, we get pretty good intel. Well, sounds like a pretty nice run. But there have been a few sacrifices. Yeah? What do you mean? There were five of us who came out of that cave alive... But we lost Marika on the first assault against the Wraith, and then Hemi last year. It hasn't been easy. We don't have much to work with, but we make do. Sometimes, it's not enough. Yeah, well, I might be able to help. We've got the manpower, the equipment.</i> My friends and I, we can... Anyway... To Marika and Hemi. - To Marika and Hemi. - To Marika and Hemi. Thank you. Hey, Rodney. Come on in. I brought you a little something to spruce up the place. Well, thank you! That's very sweet. There's a vase right there. Oh, Colonel Sheppard dropped that off. Apparently, it's a sampling of fruit from the home worlds of our various trading partners.</i> I thought it was a really thoughtful gesture. Oh, son of a... Anyway, look, I just... I just came by to welcome you to Atlantis, see how you're settling in, and, you know, if you needed anything, and did I mention, I was seeing someone? - I'm sorry, what? - I'm... seeing someone. Yes, I only bring it up now because you're here now, and we'll be working together a lot more, and, you know, I just thought with our past... Our past? You know, the unrequited lust hanging over our heads for what seems like forever. I just don't want things to be awkward between the two of us, you know? Kind of like they are now. I'm sure we'll be fine. Oh, of course... I mean, I'll be fine. I'm just... - With you... - I hear you're in charge. Ronon, this is Colonel Carter. Sam, this is Ronon. - He's... - Satedan, and a member of your team, of course. What can I do for you? I wanna bring some friends to Atlantis, I've got to clear it through you first. Unfortunately, some new security procedures prevent me from allowing any off-world visits to Atlantis for the time being. On whose authority? It was a directive from the IOA. - Well, they don't need to know. - Ronon, she's... I'm sure you understand what a precarious position we're in here. It is imperative that the location of this base remain a secret.</i> And it will. They're my people. I'll vouch for them. I'm sure you can, but for now, we're on a new planet with a new set of rules. And a new person in charge. Weir never would've doubted me. Okay, first of all, Ronon, I'm not doubting you. These new regulations apply to everyone on this base. And secondly... I'm not Dr. Weir. Is he always like that? No, no... No, actually, you caught him on a good day. Okay. Try it together, and turn! - Work on it. - Hey... - Well, that was fast. - Yeah, I said it would be. You could have taken your time. We like it here. We're thinking of staying on a few more days. Then where will you go? Wherever. That's one of the nice things about not being tied down. You go where you want, and you leave when you're not wanted. Yeah, I was hoping my people would show a little bit more hospitality, but... Don't worry about it. I understand. Not everybody gets an invitation to Atlantis. Don't look so surprised. You travel as much around this galaxy as we do, and sooner or later, you'll start hearing rumors about new people in the City of the Ancients, and the Runner who joined 'em. Man, I'm sorry. I wish I could've been straight with you from the start. They placed their trust in you, and you proved them worthy. - I wouldn't have expected any less. - Yeah, but still... What, you thought they'd make an exception because it was you asking? - I'm supposed to be their friend... - No. You're their ally. Their guest. Me, Rakai, Ara, we're your friends. I don't doubt they're good people. They helped you out when you needed it, and I hear they've done more to hurt the Wraith than anyone. You've got to respect that, but it doesn't mean you've got to commit to them. The way I see it, now that we're back together... You belong with us. Pretty impressive, isn't it? To be honest, it's a little overwhelming. Coming from somebody with your record, that says something. You know, John, your name was on the short list. Yeah, I know. I saw what they did to Elizabeth, the politics and the red tape. I didn't envy her. I don't envy you. Thanks. You know, for... most of us, this thing with Elizabeth isn't over yet. She's still out there. You really believe there's a chance she's still alive? There's only one way to know for sure. You're suggesting we go back? We should have done it sooner, but the IOA's been stonewalling me. Now that you're in charge, maybe you can give me the green light. I'm sorry, but it's too dangerous. It's no more dangerous than the last time. Circumstances were different. You had an advantage then you don't have now. Well, she's the one who gave us that advantage. The only reason we're here is because of what - she did. - Believe me, I know, and I don't like the idea of leaving someone behind any more than you do, but I'm not about to send you or anyone else on a suicide mission. Now, you come to me with a plan that has an even an outside chance of succeeding, and I'll consider it. Short of that, John, I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do. Fair enough. You seem distracted today. Oh, no, I'm fine. - What's wrong? - There's nothing. I told you, I'm fine. Very well. I suppose we should just continue training. There's nothing! Okay, stop hitting me! God... I'll talk. I'm thinking of leaving Atlantis. Where would you go? Must it come down to a choice between Atlantis and your Satedan friends? They're more than my friends, Teyla. They're my family. We've always been there for each other. - You wouldn't understand. - I disagree. Leaving my fellow Athosians for a home here on Atlantis was a very difficult decision. I was their leader. For some, the only leader they'd ever known, and despite the fact that I was as close as a trip through the Stargate, there were moments when I felt I'd betrayed them. - So what? You got over it? - No. I sometimes still second-guess my decision, but then I remember that I can do more here to help my people, and the rest of the humans in this galaxy than I ever could on my home world. Teyla's already spoken to you, hasn't she? Yeah, well, we had a little chat. - So let's hear it. - Hear what? - Whatever you've got to say. - Not going to say anything. - Really? - I don't have to, because you already know what I'm gonna tell you. That you're a valuable member of my team, and that it would be difficult to find somebody to take your place. And that you may think you're going back to find something you've lost, but there's nothing to go back to. Sateda's gone and living on the run with your buddies won't bring that back. - You're not going to say any of that? - I don't have to. Look, this isn't about me trying to bring back the past. - Well, then what is it? - They need me. They always have. I'm the one that took care of them, got them home alive whenever we went into battle. You're one man, Ronon. You can't expect to protect them forever. Probably not... But that's where you guys come in. We got some intel on a Wraith target. The Wraith and the Replicators are beating the crap out of each other. I think it's counter-productive to run an op against them. I have a feeling you'll change your mind once you hear the details. Let's hear it. Not yet. I want Tyre, Ara, and Rakai in on this. You want to hit a Wraith lab? No offense, but that's awfully close to crazy talk territory. It's a weapons research facility. From what we've heard, the place is undermanned. We know the Wraith are being attacked on several fronts. They don't have the resources anymore to guard all their facilities. Still, she did say, "undermanned" rather than "unmanned." There is a big difference. It won't matter. We can handle it. Then why do you need our help to pull it off? We don't. But we will need your help to get away once we're done. I see. We're your designated drivers. This is our target. It's located a good half day's journey from the Gate on foot.</i> Having a ship would make things easier getting us in and out before any reinforcements arrive. Don't worry. All you got to do is fly. We'll do the legwork. Well, that's very considerate of you, but if we commit, we're all in. And I really don't see why we would. I mean, sure it would be great to get our hands on some new Wraith tech, but maybe if we stumbled across a stockpile or maybe bought some off of eBay, b...</i> I think what he's trying to say is, we're not really sure if we want to risk our lives for something like this. Maybe wait a month or two, let the Replicators and the Wraith soften each other up, then we do lunch, - we talk about it again. - One of the things they're working on right now in the lab is a way to switch off the Replicator attack code. - Is such a thing even possible? - The code's been deactivated before. It could have been the Wraith who did it the first time. - Well, we can't let it happen. - No. If the war with the Replicators ends, then the Wraith will once again be able to direct their attention to the rest of the galaxy. So... Are you in? Your buddies seem like a perfectly capable enough bunch, but if I do this, the last thing I need is someone going off half-cocked and risking this op, and, well, oh, yeah, our asses. This isn't their first time doing this, John. May be the first time doing it with company, and I don't want it turning into a big pissing match. I'll keep my group in line. Do the same for yours. Last time I checked, it was your group, too. Yeah. Look, I was going to wait to tell you this, but I've made my decision. Once we finish this op, I will be leaving Atlantis. Come on in. Packing? Yeah. The fact that you brought all this stuff here tells me that you considered Atlantis home, - that you were happy here. - Yeah, well, I was. I am. Your friends are worried about you. Well, they shouldn't be. I can take care of myself. That's not the point. When you accepted to join Atlantis, you became a part of something, and, like it or not, you have roots here now, people who care about you, who depend on you. Walking away may be a lot harder than you think. Oh, I'm not walking away. Because I'm not a part of Sheppard's team doesn't mean I'm less willing to help out Atlantis, or put my life on the line for any of you. I'm not questioning your loyalty, Ronon, only the wisdom in leaving, if, as you say, you don't want to turn your back on Atlantis. Coordinating our efforts with you and your friends may not be so easy. We're about to find out, aren't we? I need you to reconsider your decision to leave. And if I don't, given everything that I know about Atlantis, you going to try and stop me? I'm hoping it won't come to that. Put us down near the South end. We'll meet less resistance if we access this place through the back. Got it. Once we head in, we'll take the lead. You watch our backs. Do you know where you're going? Our target is located somewhere on the second level. Maybe you could be a little more specific? We don't have an exact floor plan, if that's what you're asking. The whole second level is a high-security sector. If you are unsure, would it not be counter-productive for us to follow you? It's better this way. These Wraith facilities are very confusing. - We know what we're looking for. - Oh, we don't? This isn't exactly our first op, you know. Really. How many Wraith have you killed in hand-to-hand combat? - Don't think it's what this is about. - That's what I thought. We've taken out entire hive ships, okay? Compared to us, you are amateurs. Easy. If we can't play nice together, then let's not. We got a lot of ground to cover in a short amount of time, so... we will follow your lead, then we'll split up into two teams</i> once we reach the second level. Are you cool with that? Yes. Good. Approaching target location. This is it. Hurry up! I got it. Everybody in. We'll go this way. You go that way. - Contact us if you find anything. - Yeah. Good luck. Ronon... Let's go. What do you think? Test subjects? Or the Wraith version of a vending machine. I hate to be the guy to say it, but we can't really help these people. We got to keep moving. Right. This thing's been way too quiet and way too easy. I kind of like quiet and easy. Makes for a nice change. Wraith! Ronon, wait! Rodney, get that door open! The hell with it. Come on, it worked for him! I did it! Oh, thank God, it's you three. They got Teyla and Sheppard, and... Bring him. Who's the amateur now? What happened? I need to talk to colonel Carter right away. John, are you all right? Bit of a hangover. The fact that Ronon and his buddies aren't here is a good sign. Not really. Ronon's buddies are the reason we're here, they set us up. What are you talking about? I ran into them while I was trying to esc... While I was effecting a strategic retreat. They stunned me. Are you sure? It's pretty hard to misinterpret something like that. - Was Ronon with them? - I didn't see him. That one. Hold on, here, guys. Rodney... - Stay strong, Rodney! - I'll try. I said, I'm fine. I tried to radio Sheppard, but got no response from him, Teyla, or McKay. - And what about the Satedans? - We got separated. I'm guessing the Wraith got to them, too. So much for this op being a cake-walk. Okay, we've gone from support to rescue and recovery. Dr. Zelenka, ready a Jumper. - Yes, Colonel. - They'll be expecting us. Make that two Jumpers. Would you guys mind telling me where we're going?</i> Seriously, I'm not big on surprises. As a kid, I peeked at my Christmas presents, I couldn't stand the suspense. - I remember this one time... - We require your assistance. With what? You tampered with the Replicator base code. I don't know what you're talking about. Okay, I may have made a few small adjustments. So what? This is not the first time they have challenged us. So it was the Wraith that deactivated the attack code. Many thousands of years ago. We had defeated the Ancients. The galaxy was ours, and then these... - things appeared. - I take it you're not a big fan... They are an abomination! They're not even alive. You can't eat them, so they're not good to you. They are machines. Machines can be reprogrammed. Okay, fine, so, what do you want from me? We have attempted to upload the deactivation virus once again. Our attempts have been unsuccessful. We need you to undo the changes you made so as to render the virus once more effective against them. Of course. I see. Things is, that could be kind of tricky. The test subject will make things easier for you. Test subject? A Replicator. Oh, my God. I've thought about it, and I want you to know that when the time comes,</i> I'll respect whatever decision you make regarding your future with us. This could be the one and only op we go on together. Then we better make the most of it. Dr. Mckay... How is your work progressing? It's been kind of slow. Re-establishing the base code's original setting isn't something I'll be able to accomplish overnight. Colonel Sheppard and Teyla will be most disappointed to hear this. I'll see to it. I think I might be able to get it finished much sooner. I understand your desire to delay in the hope that it will give your people time to mount a rescue. In fact, I've just received word they're on their way, but, we are ready for them. Okay, they're moving away. Thank you, Jumper two. Take us in, Lieutenant. Yes, Colonel. Let's go, let's go! There's a power relay behind this wall here. - You all right? - Well, it's about time. Any longer, we would've had to save ourselves. Did Ronon manage to make it back to Atlantis? - He did. - Where is he? We split up to cover more ground. Secure the entrance. Let's go. All right, come on, let's get out of here. Where are you holding them? Why don't you ask your friends? - All clear. - All clear? You could've shot me! Oh, no. Oh, no... Let's go find Ronon. Deal with him. You're Wraith-worshipers? - Ronon, you need to understand that... - After what they did to Sateda? Sateda is gone and so are the lives we knew. We had a choice, to die with the past, or live for the future. - What did they do to you? - They rewarded us with the gift of everlasting life. The same gift can be yours, if you're willing to accept it. We resisted at first, we were stubborn, but the Wraith were determined. They showed us our futures. They allowed us to experience our life's end,</i> pushing us to the brink, so that we could see the truth,</i> and brought us back. They showed us again, and again... - and again... - Until they broke you. Until we finally accepted the truth, and their gift. Ronon... join us. - You're insane. - Don't let your pride get in the way. Like Marika and Hemi. They didn't die on any run, did they? They were murdered because they wouldn't turn. They were killed by their own stubbornness. Don't make the same mistake. - Join us! - No. Never. Run. You run. Run, and get away while you can, because the next time we meet, it will not be as friends. There won't be a next time. We'll finish this like true Satedans. You are not Satedans! Rakai, no! - So much for honor. - No weapons. Hasn't there been enough killing? Huh? Ronon, where are your friends? They're right here. Let's go home. Is that my painting? Yes. Rodney felt that you should have it back. - I didn't give it to him. - Well, he helped himself, assuming that you were leaving it behind. How are you feeling? All right.