that must have been some kind of drug to keep my cells from deteriorating.</i> Listen, we're going to keep working till we find a cure for this thing. Jackpot. It's a booby trap. We got to get out of here now! Have the combat engineers gear up, and have Dr. Keller ready her away team. - Listen... - It's Michael's database. There's a large chunk of it, maybe the whole thing. We'd have him on the run. He'd be finished.</i> Effective immediately, you are being removed from command. Who... who's replacing me? I am. Good afternoon, Dr. Keller. How's my newest patient? Today, he's decided that he will only sleep as long as I hold him and keep moving. I've already walked half the City and back again. My parents used to put me in the car. My dad would have to drive around and around the block at 3:00 in the morning. That would be lovely. At least I'd be sitting down. I wanted to thank you. - For what? - I saw Kanaan today. - How's he doing? - Much better. He is himself once again, in every way. In fact, I'm going to request that he and many of the others be allowed to return to the City, as soon as Mr. Woolsey arrives in the Daedalus. I still can't believe Sam's not coming back. It is difficult. Well, anyway, it wasn't me that cured Kanaan and the other hybrids. It was Dr. Beckett's retrovirus, and you could thank him in person if I could just get my head around all this Wraith medical data. You believe the answer's in there somewhere? We know he was giving Carson a serum to keep his internal organs from deteriorating, and I think I might have found the formula, I just need to be sure. Well, at least we know he's safe for the moment. Technically, yeah. I just hate the thought of him being stuck in that box. You know Rodney goes to visit him? He stands in front of the stasis pod and tells him all the latest news. Really? I walked in on him once by accident, and he pretended like he was checking the system or something. He surprises me sometimes. Well, this is me once again being recalled to duty. Have a nice walk. Don't worry, Jennifer. I'm sure you'll find what you're looking for. Sir, Daedalus just dropped out of hyperspace. We're receiving a signal. He's coming down. Mr. Woolsey, welcome back. Thank you, Colonel. Well, then... I think I'll start by going over copies of all your latest reports. - Yours as well, Doctor. - What, right now? I've been out of touch on the Daedalus for 3 weeks. I'd like to be up to speed as quickly as possible. We can have a full briefing in the morning. Please have the rest of my things sent directly to my quarters. Yes, sir. Nice speech. Very inspiring. Let's do one more series, see if we can get the results to normalize a little. Doctor, you're still here. Oh, yeah, I fell asleep at my desk. Well, if you don't mind me saying, I think you're pushing yourself a little hard. You should take it easy. I know, I'm... going to turn in now. Are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. Okay, 'night. 'Night. The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams present: Season 5 Episode 02 The Seed (v. 1.0) Timing by: Golgi, Linwelin, Pikes, Ricana. Did you get any sleep last night? - Do I really look that bad? - No, no, of course not. That's not what I meant. It's really... It's a lovely... Thanks. - New table, huh? - Woolsey brought it with him. He said he wanted a little piece of home. A 12-foot-long mahogany conference table... I don't get it. I thought Colonel Carter was doing a good job. I agree. We defeated the Replicators, we thwarted Michael's plans, and the Wraith are in a state of disarray. All of this happened while she was leader of Atlantis. That's the problem. I don't understand. She's a victim of her own success. Now that the threat level is down, the IOA is gonna jump at the chance to put a civilian back in command. Well, it's not just that. I mean, Sam didn't exactly stick to protocol. - Neither did Weir. - Right, so for 4 years, they've waited to get someone who'll do things their way. I still don't get it. When you were in the future, and you learned all those things that were going to happen, wasn't this one of them, Woolsey taking over? Well, the circumstances were different. Still, it is a little unsettling. I mean, maybe it's harder to change the course of events than we thought. Well, I wouldn't worry about it. I mean, the fact that Sheppard's here makes all the difference, right? Woolsey wasn't the weirdest thing about that timeline. What do you mean? Never mind. Well, I see everyone's here. Let's get started. First of all, I'd like to congratulate all of you on the success you've had dismantling what's left of Michael's organization. Except one thing. We haven't found him yet. Well, he was on the cruiser you destroyed in orbit around M2S-445. There's a chance he may have made it off the ship. You're referring to this statement given by one of Michael's ex-mercenaries, - claiming to have seen him alive. - That's what he said. This is one unsubstantiated report from a highly unreliable source. Well, someone stole our Jumper off that ship. I thought you needed ancient DNA to pilot one of those. Not necessarily. We developed a gene therapy that works... some of the time. He is responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people. If there is a chance he is still alive, - we must continue the search. - I'm sorry, but I can't devote the resources of this base to the never-ending pursuit of a single individual across an entire galaxy. Even if I knew for a fact he were still alive, I still wouldn't authorize it, unless you have some new, credible evidence as to his whereabouts. Do you? No. For the time being, I shall consider the matter closed. As to these prisoner hybrids. I understand they're being held in a camp on the mainland? That's right. And how is their rehabilitation progressing? Right, uh... Well, we've had some success using a slightly modified version of the original retrovirus that created Michael in the first place. It weeds out the Wraith DNA, and allows them to resume their original human form, over time. Without any lasting ill effects? None that we've detected so far. Many have already completed the treatment. They're wondering when they might be released. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. These people are victims, Mr. Woolsey. Maybe so, but until very recently, they were also enemy combatants. Fine. We'll just keep them there forever. No. We'll keep them there until I'm satisfied that they can be trusted. Now, regarding the situation with our friend in the stasis pod. You seem to have been giving a significant amount of attention to this lately. Well, once we got our hands on Michael's medical research, I thought I should make it a priority to look for a solution. - And have you found one? - Maybe. We found a serum that, in lab tests at least, seems to be capable of stabilizing the clone cells. So, what's the problem? Carson was near death when we put him in that chamber. I don't want to take him out until I know for sure, but lab tests can only do so much. But that problem's never going to go away, is it? If you've reached the limit of what your research can tell you, then you need to make a decision. Either proceed, or put the matter aside and get back to your regular duty. Right? You sure about this? No, but we're never going to be sure unless we give it a shot. If we don't take a chance now, he could be in there forever. All right, then. Get him on the gurney. Careful... Okay. Now what? Now we take him to the infirmary and watch for signs for more cellular degradation. We should know soon enough. Hey there. How you doing? Fine. What happened? Well, what do you think? We thawed you out. It's nice to see you again, Carson. Yeah, what's up, Doc? It's been a while. Aye. How long was I in there? Two months, give or take. - Did I miss anything? - You know, just the usual. Well, I've got good news. At the moment, you're showing no signs of cellular degradation. You were able to recreate the treatment. That's right. I'll let them tell you all about it. Hey, Doc... Um, nice work. Well, it's not a permanent solution. It's good enough for now. Go get some rest. Yeah, I think that might be a good idea. There you are. Gorgeous, isn't it? I suppose so. You know, I really did miss this place. Yeah, well, don't get used to it. What's that supposed to mean? I just found out they're sending you back to Earth. There's a scheduled dial-out this afternoon. Oh, well, I suppose it's to be expected. I mean, even with these injections, I imagine it'd still be months before I'm in decent physical condition. - This is Teyla, come in, please. - Go ahead. I'm sorry to bother you, but I need your help.</i> What is it? It's Dr. Keller. She was supposed to join me for breakfast this morning but did not show up. So maybe she's sleeping in. I assumed as much as well, and decided not to disturb her. However, it was 4 hours ago. She's late for her shift, not responding to radio. - What do you want me to do? - Override the door controls. I'm not breaking into her room. Rodney, there might be something wrong. Fine, but if she's in there sleeping, or naked or something, you guys are taking the blame. All right... For God's sake, Rodney, hurry up. Jennifer, are you all right? She must be unconscious. - Pupils dilated. - Carson, step away from the bed. - What? - Step away now! What is it? Dear Lord. - Colonel Sheppard, this is Teyla. - <i>Go ahead.</i> John, we have a problem. - What the hell's going on? - Not sure. This is how we found her. - It must've happened last night. - I've seen something like this before. - Where? - One of Michael's labs. He was conducting some experiment. Well, we've got to get it off of her. I'm not so certain that's such a good idea. From what I can tell, the tendrils are attached to her and the bedframe. If we just start ripping them off, we could cause her serious injury. Well, we can't just leave her like this. Need to get her to an isolation chamber, and take the whole bed as well. That way we can run a full examination and see what we're dealing with here. These things are actually growing out of her body? - That's what it looks like. - Is she conscious? Beckett says her brain activity is consistent with somebody in a coma. Dr. Beckett is not on active duty. He was the first one there. He says he's seen something like this. While he was a prisoner. He was forced to work for Michael for two years. Nobody knows this stuff better than he does. I'm gonna try to cut some of the thinner strands.</i> Scalpel. Thank you. There we go. Nurse? - No change. - Get that analyzed right away. Doctor, blood pressure's dropping. Pulse as well. I was afraid of that. She's crashing. Administer five milligrams of atropine. My God... Come on... There she is. I'm sorry, I don't dare make another incision.</i> So much for cutting her loose. Dr. Beckett, I'd like a word. I'll get her out. Once I... I appreciate what you're trying to do, but our Earth dial-out is in one hour. I'll take a pass on this one, if you don't mind. If it wasn't for Dr. Keller, I'd be locked in that stasis chamber, possibly forever. Dr. Keller's own report is abundantly clear. While your condition has stabilized, you've suffered severe damage to your internal organs. You need to be in a hospital bed, not running a medical investigation. I'll be fine. At the first sign of trouble, I'll step aside, I promise. You're convinced it has something to do with Michael? It's not a case of the hives, is it? How's she doing? Vitals have stabilized, still showing minimal brain function. We did manage to get blood and tissue samples. All right, then we've got some work to do. You're not sending him back, huh? He is the closest thing to an expert we have. It's not exactly by the book. Don't get used to it. How's it coming? Slowly, but I did find something in Jennifer's blood. - What? - Easy. It's some kind of alien pathogen, so far unidentified. I'm checking it against the database. Is it possible she's turning into a hybrid? No, I don't think so. I saw several variations of the process, but never anything like this. Well, it's got to be something to do with Michael. She hasn't been offworld since she helped rescue us from that lab. That's what I was thinking. Of course, if that's where she came in contact with the pathogen... You think we may have been exposed. Aye, it's a possibility. I'll need blood samples from everyone who was on that planet, including you. Great. - Doctor... - Yes? - Yes. - She's awake. Thank you. Right. Oh, my God... Rodney, what's happening to me? We're not entirely sure. It looks like some kind of a cocoon. Does it hurt? I can't feel anything. I can't move. Okay, look... Don't you worry, okay? We're going to get you out. Who else is here? What do you mean? There's no one. I don't want to go to sleep. I'm afraid I won't wake up. - Jennifer? - It's not my fault. Of course it's not. It's an alien organism. - What? - Carson found it in your blood sample. He's gonna figure out what it is, and then we're gonna figure out how to kill it. My hand. - What about it? - That's where it started. I saw it a few nights ago. So why didn't you say anything? I was going to run a scan. I don't... I don't know. It doesn't matter, okay? We're going to fix this. I promise. It appears to be affecting her mind. Aye, she claims to be hearing voices, like there's someone else in the room. How fast is it growing? Currently, it's doubling its mass every couple of hours. Thank you. This isn't just about Dr. Keller anymore. I need to know if this thing is going to be a threat to the base. I'd say that's a definite yes. - What do you mean? - Colonel Sheppard, Ronon, Rodney, everyone who was on M2S-445, they all tested positive. Whatever this is, they've all got it. We're working under the assumption that this alien pathogen was present somewhere in that lab, possibly as part of one of Michael's experiments. When the building was destroyed, it was released. We've been back for a month now. If it was going to spread to the general population, - it would've already happened. - I know. Dr. Beckett is now confident that it's not contagious. Why confine us to our quarters? You've seen Dr. Keller. - But it's not happening to me. - Not yet. There could be any number of random physiological reasons why it's starting with Dr. Keller, but that's no guarantee that it's not going to happen to you. It could be a matter of days, it could be a matter of hours. Even Colonel Carter's been quarantined back at Stargate Command. Look, I know it's hard for you to stay on the sidelines, Colonel, but it's the right call. In the meantime, what are we going to do about Keller? We're still assessing the situation. We still don't know how the pathogen causes the physiological changes, but we've managed to complete our analysis of the sample I extracted. Essentially it's a biopolymer, similar to a polysaccharide, but with organo-metallic compounds mixed in. For the uninitiated, please. It's like the material an insect or a crustacean uses to form its shell. At first, it's soft and pliable, and then it becomes tough and leathery, and eventually it hardens into an incredible density, resistant to heat, pressure, and even radiation. - Yes, it's like the hull of a ship. - Aye. - What are you saying? - We always knew that the Wraith ships were organic in design, that they were essentially grown instead of constructed. W- We've just never witnessed it. - Are you telling me that a hive ship is growing inside that isolation room? Actually, it's no longer just inside the isolation room. It doesn't register on our life-signs detector, but once we knew it, we calibrated our internal sensors in order to pick it up. It has penetrated the walls and the floors, consuming and converting the material as it goes. How far has it spread? It's gone down... Three levels already, and it has attached itself to the electrical system. It's siphoning off power. This seems to have accelerated its growth significantly. How do we stop it? - We're still trying to figure out. - We could cut off the power. That should slow it down quite a bit. What's happening? Marie, what's going on? Doctor, we've been ordered to evacuate the building. I'm sorry. They just left her? I don't think they had much of a choice. Carson is searching Michael's database to see if anything can help us. I suppose it was Zelenka's idea to shut off the power? I don't know. Why? This is ridiculous. They got us stuck while the new guy takes advice from the B team? What is it, Rodney? They are assuming that it tapped into the electric grid by randomly spreading out through the walls and floors. What if it actually grows towards electromagnetic fields, like a plant growing toward the sun? It's going to head directly for the next available power source. There. One of the City's main power conduits runs beneath the building. So shut the power down in that section as well. No, we already did, this conduit runs directly into the ZPM. It's like an express lane. We've already shut off the traffic, but this one keeps moving along. The only way to stop it would be to pull the ZPM and shut off power to the entire City. I had no idea you were so familiar with the power distribution grid. I'm not. I spoke to Rodney. - Is there a problem? - The pathogen seems to have a psychological effect on the host. At the very least, we know it can affect their judgment, possibly well before any physical symptoms appear. Yes, but he's not wrong about this. If it reaches the conduit, it will have access to virtually unlimited power. And what would happen? The growth would increase exponentially. And since we've shut this section down, we have no sensors in the area, so the only way to know how far it's penetrated is to do a visual inspection. All right, assemble a team. I need some answers, Doctor. How do we kill this thing? We're working on a genetically engineered virus that might be capable of destroying the pathogen that's infecting Dr. Keller but that wouldn't eliminate the biopolymer itself. What would? At this time, I have no idea. So the main conduit runs behind this wall here. Here, we can access it through this panel. Sergeant, take your men, split up, and search the surrounding corridors. Look for anything that seems unusual. All right? Okay. Right, I'll go this way. - Stay in radio contact. - Right. I think I have something. Looks like Rodney was right. Oh my... What is it? Looks like it's attached itself to the power conduit. I'm coming to you. I'm going to see if I can determine how much power it's draining. Let's go, let's go. Come on. - Are you all right? - I think so. - I had no idea it could move like that. - Nor did I. This is much worse than we thought. Looks like it's just a minor concussion. He should be fine. It wasn't bad enough that this thing was taking over the base. Now it's attacking people? We need to stop this, now. It won't be easy. It's already siphoned off a massive amount of power. - We should pull the ZPM. - That might not be enough. We could sit here in the dark for weeks while it just keeps on growing. We need to get Jennifer out. I want to save Dr. Keller too, but we have additional concerns now. Why did it attack Radek? Because it perceived him as a threat and took action. That indicates intelligence, but as far as we know, - it has no brain of its own. - So you're saying it's using her. I'm saying it needs her, to plan, to coordinate, to identify threats and deal with them. That could explain why she was hearing voices. The organism takes over a portion of the brain, and sets up a separate consciousness. Like multiple personalities. Otherwise, why have a human host at all? So if we separate her from the main body... I'd wager the rest of it becomes as lifeless as a dead tree trunk. Now, this is the virus I was telling you about. It's called a phage, and it should, at least theoretically, be able to attack and eliminate the pathogen inside Jennifer's bloodstream, and if I'm right about this, it should sever the connection. What's the catch? It's never been tested. We turned the power back on briefly to get a look inside the building. This is the ground floor, five floors below the isolation room. As you can see, access is almost completely choked off, but for this to work, I need someone to step right up to Dr. Keller's bed - and inject her. - We can use the transporter, but... But you'd still have to run a gauntlet of over 50 meters. And after what happened to Dr. Zelenka... - You understand my dilemma. - Yeah. What? If Dr. Keller really is the key to this thing, there is an easier way. We'd only need a couple of well-aimed shots at the isolation room. You're talking about drones? Fire drones on our own people? I didn't come to Atlantis for killing one of my senior staff inside of a week, but my only other option is to risk someone else's life on a solution... that hasn't even been tested yet. Not exactly by the book. So test it. I've got the same bug. - I'll take a shot right now. - No... I'll do it. Restraints? I'm sorry, but I'm anticipating a severe reaction. Great. Now, you're absolutely sure about this? The formula comes from Michael, - so as far all we know, it could... - Turn me into a bug? - Been there, done that. - No, actually, I was going to say it could kill you. Just... give me the shot. Okay. Now, it should take a few minutes to kick in, so just... - try to relax. - Okay, I'll just... I'll relax. Is it true that Lorne and the others show symptoms? Aye, I'm afraid so. Oh, God... Why? Have you noticed something yourself? My palms are very sweaty, and my mouth is very dry, - I'm having heart palpitations. - Nothing out of the ordinary, then? - How do you feel? - I don't feel anything. I don't even think that... Hey, Doc... I think these restraints were a good idea. It's working. - What's our status? - The infirmary, and other essential systems have been switched to emergency generators. We're ready. All right, pull the plug. How long's this going to go on for? I'm sorry, I have no idea. Doc... His heart stopped. Bag him. Get a crash cart in here! Prepare to intubate. One, two, three. One, two, three. Come on. One, two, three. He's back. How'd I do? Are you sure it worked? The blood screen came up negative. The alien pathogen has been eliminated. Well done. We need someone to go into the isolation room. - I'll do it... - I'll do it. I assume no special medical skill is required to administer the drug. No, not really. It's just a simple injection. Then, given your condition, - I wouldn't make you my first choice. - I said I'd do it. He doesn't trust us, because we're still infected. Actually, that might not be a bad thing. When colonel Sheppard was infected with Iratus bug DNA, he was able to walk right into that nest without being attacked. Someone infected with the pathogen would be more likely to get through? It's possible. All right, I'm in. Cut power to the transporter. - How does it look? - Not so good. The stuff's everywhere. Is it reacting to your presence in any way? Not really. All right, just... Be careful. What happened? It worked. They just sent Ronon to give her the shot. When? He just got there. I'm tapped into the intercom. Ronon, what's your status? Well, it's getting harder to move. There's too much of it. Just... Try not to make any sudden moves, or... threatening gestures. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. All right, that's it. I don't think I can go any further. The corridor is completely blocked. All right, so what do you want me to do? - Screw it, i'm going to make a hole. - <i>Ronon, wait!</i> The only reason you made it this far is because it senses the pathogen in your bloodstream. It thinks you're a friend. If you start shooting... Does anyone have any better ideas? What are you doing? If I'm right, this is about to go very, very wrong. - You can't. We're quarantined... - I'm cured, remember? There's no other way through. Once you start shooting, you'll have to move quickly. Thanks for the advice. Ronon? Ronon, what's your status? Ronon, come in! Oh, my God... - What's happening? - We've lost contact. Turn the power back on. Open up a channel to the isolation room. What? Why? Just do it. All right, you have a channel. Dr. Keller, this is Colonel Sheppard, do you read? I hear you, Colonel, but I'm not Dr. Keller anymore.</i> Well, who are you? I have no designation yet. I'll be given one when I'm complete. - What about Ronon? - <i>You mean the intruder?</i> He's alive, for the moment. He's been neutralized. I can feel his pulse. It's weak. It would only take the slightest squeeze. Yeah, but you don't wanna do that because he's one of you, remember? Keep her talking. - Where are you going? - I'm gonna go finish this. Jennifer, this is Carson. Dr. Beckett, I already told you, I'm not Jennifer Keller anymore.</i> You're the voice she was hearing, the part of her mind that was taking over. You can't stop me. I will become as I was meant to be.</i> Colonel Sheppard is powering up a Jumper. Get me a secure channel. - Sheppard, what are you doing? - I'm taking a little short-cut. Sorry I didn't have time to fill out the paperwork. Okay, I see it now. That stuff is growing all over the place. This may hurt. Colonel Sheppard, report. Colonel Sheppard? Colonel Sheppard, what's your status? Colonel Sheppard... I've been better. What happened? You'd better come get us. How's Ronon? He has a bruised larynx. Apparently he won't be able to speak for several days. I wonder if anyone will notice the difference. Colonel Sheppard? Look who's finally out of isolation. Oh, it's good to see you, Doc. How you feeling? It only hurts when I breathe. I feel really bad. It looks like my recovery's gonna be a lot easier than yours. That's all right. I've got two doctors looking after me now. Well, no, I'm afraid not. I'm scheduled to leave this afternoon. That is, unless of course there's a major crisis in the next hour or so. It wouldn't surprise me. Well, listen, you keep yourself out of trouble, and I'll see you real soon. - Good luck, Carson. - Thanks, John. Welcome back, Dr. Keller, and Dr. Beckett... Thank you. My pleasure, Mr. Woolsey. Before I came here, I was on a call with my superiors back on Earth. They were going over my preliminary report. - What did you tell them? - The truth. That in my first three days as commander, I violated at least half a dozen basic security protocols. That many, huh? I let Beckett run the investigation, in spite of his condition and the fact that he's technically no longer a member of this expedition. I sent Ronon to deliver the antidote even though he was infected. I compromised the safety of this base to rescue someone who may well have been beyond our help anyway. But she wasn't, and we got her out. And if you had played by the rules, she'd be dead right now. The IOA would seem to agree with you. Apparently, they're willing to let the matter drop. So, what's the problem? The rules are there for a reason, Colonel. If I can't trust them,