You're the one responsible for the death of the Athosians. Unless I lied about that as well. I believe I had a vision last night. I saw Kanaan, the father of my son. - Where are you? - Dart! Do not destroy the enemy ship. Teyla may be on board.</i> Bad news, Sheppard. The cruiser made the jump to hyperspace. It's gone.</i> Kanaan... I came for you, just like you asked. Like I asked. Michael. - Any sign of her, Sir? - She's not here. Finally. It's about bloody time. What took you so long? It's just weird. I'm sorry about all this, Doctor. All right. I realize there's a protocol when dealing with someone who's been a prisoner for a long time. In fact, I wrote it. Although, if you take much more blood, I think I might faint. That's the last batch. You should also check for trace narcotics. Michael was giving me regular injections of some sort of drug cocktail - mostly sedatives, I think. - All right. You sure he's not a Replicator? No, scans would have picked it up right away. - Then who the hell is he? - I don't know. I'm as freaked out about this as you are. You don't really think it's him. No. Well, I mean... maybe. We've ruled out advanced robotics. That still leaves us half a dozen possible other explanations. Like? Well, like alternate timeline, parallel universe, cloning, - you know, take your pick. - Just another day in outer space. Yeah. Well... we've completed the preliminary exam. And? Every test we've run confirms it. That man down there is Dr. Carson beckett. The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams present: Season 4 Episode 19 The Kindred part 2 (v. 1.0) Transcription by: swsub.com Timing by: Golgi, Linwelin, Obusco, Pikes, Ricana, Shaft34. - Rodney. - Carson. So sorry I haven't come by before now. It's been pretty hectic here - the last few days. - That's all right. I understand. Any word on when I can get out of here? That might take a little time. Really? God, it's good to see you. Think about how I feel. I'm the one that's been a prisoner for almost two years. Two years? Aye. Since M8G-352. The planet where we left Michael and the other converted Wraith. - Right. - That's where you were captured. Well, yes. You do remember, Rodney? - Yes. Yeah, I just... Well, we need you to fill in some of the details. Well, all right. Well, as you may have already guessed, the treatment was less than 100% effective. Despite the daily injections, some of them began to revert,</i> including Michael. They may have used their telepathic abilities</i> to summon a hive ship, but I can't be certain.</i> All I know is I was being interrogated by Michael,</i> then he must have given me an injection of some kind,</i> because the next thing I remember, I woke up on another planet. Why did he take you prisoner? He wanted me to help with his research, combining Wraith and human DNA. Of course, I refused at first, but then, one day, he brought another prisoner into my cell. A young lady. Couldn't have been more than 20 years of age. And he killed her in cold blood right in front of my eyes. He said every day I refused to help, he'd kill another just like her. From that moment on, I cooperated. Carson, I'm so sorry. It wasn't easy. I'll admit, at times, I almost gave up hope. But that's when I thought about you, Colonel Sheppard, Teyla, and the rest of the team. I knew you'd be out there somewhere looking for me. Yeah. See, the thing is, we weren't. - Weren't what? - We weren't looking for you. - We didn't know you were missing. - Excuse me? We went back to M8G-352. We rescued you from Michael. He got away, but we got you back to Atlantis safe and sound. - What the hell are you talking about? - Obviously, not you, but another you, another Carson Beckett. Is this a joke? I wish it was. You're telling me there's another Carson Beckett walking around this base? - Well, no. - Rodney! He came back from the planet. He resumed his duties. Everything went back to normal. And then about six months later, he was killed in an explosion. To us, you weren't missing, Carson, you were dead. Have you spoken to your Wraith contact? He claims he's given us everything he knows about Michael, but I assume he's lying. Until we can come up with something that he can use, he's not much good to us. So we need to find our intel somewhere else. That's what I wanted to talk to you about. You mean Beckett. He has been inside Michael's operation and he may know something. Or he could have been planted there for us to find. For all we know, this whole thing could be a set-up. Sure, anything's possible. John, the Carson Beckett you knew was killed. You were there. You all were. I'm sorry to say it, but you need to remember that. I know this is a lot for you to take in... Aye, you're damn right it is. First, you tell me I'm not the only Carson Beckett, and then you tell me the other one died in a horrible explosion. Oh, my God. My mother! You didn't tell her, did you? Well, yeah. Good Lord. You were dead. I'm sorry, but we buried you. There was a memorial service. This can't be happening. - I have to talk to her. - You can't. What kind of effect that could have? What do you have to say to her? I'll say the Air Force made a bloody mistake! - Carson... - This is too much. Get Dr. Weir in here. I need to speak to her. What? - I can't do that. - Why not? She's dead, Carson. She was killed by the Replicators. Sacrificed herself to save the rest of us. I'm sorry, I... I don't know what else to say. You know, for the better part of two years</i> I imagined what it would be like the day I finally got back to Atlantis. This isn't exactly how I pictured it. What is this place? Just another dead world. Destroyed by the Wraith, abandoned by the survivors, forgotten by both. A perfect place to conduct my work. Open it. I'll leave you to get re-acquainted. Halling? What have you got for me, Doctor? I think I've solved the mystery. You know what a telomere is, Colonel? It's part of a human chromosome, right? Yeah, that's right. Each time a cell divides, the chromosome is torn apart and rebuilt, and in the process, a small amount of the telomere gets used up. As a result, telomeres become shorter over time. The more we age, the shorter they get. And this is Dr. Beckett's? Yeah. According to the scan, his telomeres are 30% shorter than they should be for a man of his age. The only explanation is that the original DNA came from an adult cell. One where the telomeres had already started to degrade. - So... - You can forget parallel universes. He's a clone. I did not ever think I would see you again. Nor did we. I just wish it were under happier circumstances. Where are the rest of our people? They were taken. - Taken? - To be experimented upon, converted into one of those... Those things. How long has this been going on? For months. Since the day of our arrival. Kanaan was one of the first. I know. I saw him on Michael's ship, but I did not realize it had happened to so many. I am so sorry. I should have been at the village the day you were captured.</i> There was nothing you could have done. 50 men armed with stunners infiltrated our village under the cover of night. We were taken completely by surprise. These four walls have been our prison ever since. You must not abandon hope. The people of Atlantis know of my disappearance and they are looking for me. It will not be long before they come to our rescue. That is a very pleasant thought. But until today, we held out the same hope about you. I knew you would want to see the results for yourself. And you're certain it's from my sample? I ran the test myself, twice. There's no mistake. I'm sorry. It doesn't matter. That's easy for you to say, but you're not the one who was made in a test-tube. One of the best friends I ever had just came back from the dead. I'm not gonna quibble over a couple of telomeres. Thank you, but it doesn't change the fact that I'm not the real Carson Beckett. No you're not, because the real one wouldn't feeling sorry for himself. - He'd figure out how to help us. - I'm willing to do whatever I can, but I'm not so sure that my help will be wanted. Why wouldn't it be? We're talking about someone who was, for all intents and purposes, manufactured by one of the most dangerous individuals we've ever come across. Fundamentally, he's not that different from those hybrids, and I doubt very much we'd be arguing about whether we can trust them. But there's no denying the fact that he's no ordinary clone. Michael has managed to reproduce his memories, his thought processes, and even his personality. I've spent some time with him, and I'm telling you, he's Carson. It doesn't mean it's safe to act on any information he might give us. Look, he may genuinely believe that he's helping us and still be playing right into michael's hand. She's got a point, Rodney. What exactly is he offering? He knows the layouts of at least four facilities that Michael has. He likes to move around a lot, - stay one step ahead of the Wraith. - What about Gate addresses? They blindfolded him every time they moved him, so he couldn't see the DHD. Although, he did catch an address dialed by one of Michael's mercenaries. That could be a place to start. Go ahead, Rodney. I'll catch up. Is he ever going to say a word to me? You gotta give him a break. He's not good dealing with this sort of thing. - What sort of thing? - You know, clones, duplicates, people coming back from the dead. We went through this with Elizabeth. Rodney told me. It must have been difficult. - He'll come around. - Aye. Thank you. I must be a wee bit rusty. You're not rusty, Doc. You were just never very good at this. Fair enough. I just want to say, thank you. For trusting me. You'll have no regrets. Doc? Aye? Forgot your radio. No regrets. Just in time for happy hour. I was hoping maybe you could help us. We're looking for a friend of ours who's been known to stop in now and then. You've come to the wrong place. We haven't even told you what he looks like. You misunderstand me. No one here cares what he looks like. You've come to the wrong place if you're looking for information. Look. I know you're trying to keep up appearances here for your friends, but I think we can make it worth your while. I think it would be best if you turn around and be on your way. That's P-90 fire! Is he dead? No, but we need to get back to Atlantis as soon as possible. What is it? Colonel Sheppard's team's coming back. They've got injuries. What happened? This guy took a shot at us with a P-90. We're okay, but, you know, he took a little header off the balcony. - A P-90? Where'd he get it? - That's the question. On 3. 1, 2, 3, up. GSC 6, respiration 16, pulse 150, blood pressure 70 over 50. I applied pressure bandages at the scene. What is it? I know this man. His name's Nabel. When Teyla and I went to New Athos, he was there. He tried to kill us. That's all right, love. He's unconscious now, and, for the time being, in desperate need of our attention. You can confront him later. Right now we need to save his life. Let's go, lads. Blood pressure? 50 over 40. It's dropping. We need to stop this bleeding. I need suction. Let's prep for a C-spine X-ray. - What can I do? - Grab some clamps and get busy. Right. I'm guessing some pretty severe lacerations... Get him to a bed, now! It was Dr. Beckett's idea to go there. If we hadn't have gone, we wouldn't have captured one of Michael's operatives. You also wouldn't have been nearly killed in an ambush. It wasn't that bad. It was one guy. Firing at you with one of our own weapons. He was Michael's spy in the Athosian village. He got the P-90 from the weapons cache we left there. It doesn't change the fact that you were led into an ambush, intentionally or not. Colonel Carter, this is Dr. Keller. You'd better come down to the infirmary. There's a problem with Dr. Beckett.</i> After he collapsed, I did a scan and found evidence of necrosis in several of his internal organs. His cells aren't renewing fast enough to sustain tissue function. Any idea why? I can only assume it's a complication due to the fact he's a clone. I've given him a course of treatment to try to stimulate cell growth,</i> but it's a bit like trying to find a cure for old age. What are you saying? On the outside, he looks fine, but on the inside, well, he's... he's dying. My Lord. No wonder I've felt like a dog's breakfast ever since I got here. I'm sorry, Carson. I wish there was something we could do. Why is this happening now? What do you mean? You survived for almost two years with Michael. Shouldn't you have felt some kind of effects from this condition before now? That's a good point. Don't take this the wrong way, but at the rate your cells are deteriorating, you should have died a long time ago. The weekly injection he gave me. He said it was a sedative meant to keep me from trying to escape, but it must have been some kind of drug to keep my cells from deteriorating.</i> You obviously don't have any of it with you. No. Michael administered it himself, one dose at a time, but when Colonel Sheppard's team rescued me, it had only been four days since my last injection. Assuming it takes a full seven days to break down... We scanned you when you got here. Exactly. And if the scanner was able to pick it up, we might be able to isolate it and create more. We need to get started right now. - Where do you think you're doing? - We have work to do. No, I have work to do. You need to stay in bed. The less you exert yourself, the better. You don't seriously expect me to lie here and be useless when my own life hangs in the balance, do you? Kanaan, look at me. You know who I am. I do not know what Michael has done to you, but I do know that, deep down, a part of you is still the man I remember. I need your help. We need your help. If we do not find a way out of here quickly, Michael will force on us what he has forced on you. Our child will be born soon, and when he is, Michael will take him to use for some terrible purpose. You must not let that happen. Kanaan, wait! I'm going cross-eyed. It's gotta be in here somewhere. We must be missing something. We've been over everything twice. Maybe the drug breaks down - faster than we thought. - Wait a minute. What? Unidentified polypeptide chain. The scan found it in one of your kidney cells. Try screening it for traces of Wraith DNA. My God. Must be a Wraith enzyme of some sort. But it's enormously complex. It's not gonna be easy to duplicate. Right, then. Do not incite them! - Her. - No. You will take me instead. Halling! No! No! No! Just let me know when you have test results on those. Thanks. Damn it. - What is it? - See for yourself. The primer's not annealing to the DNA template. There's too many contaminants. We're back to square one. I'm sorry, Carson, but... we've only been at this for a little while. You knew it wasn't gonna be easy. I was hoping for a breakthrough by now. Carson? It's all right. I'm okay. No, you're not. Your condition's getting worse. I'll be fine. It was just a wee bit of a dizzy spell. Now, get me some of those PCR tubes, will you? Please. You can't just ignore this. What else can I do? We could halt the deterioration of your cells in a stasis pod. - Don't put me in one of those things. - But it makes sense. - When I figure out how to fix this... - What if you can't? I'll be stuck in that bloody machine for God knows how long. Isn't that better than trying in vain to solve this while the clock's ticking away on your own life? No. Michael? Is that you? Kanaan. Quickly. You must release me. Michael will be here soon. He will do to me what he has done to you. Please. I can help you escape. All of you. Teyla? Yes. It's me. Yes, that's it. Kanaan, what is it? Leave us. Now... let's get started. I see you've once again opted to save my life. It wasn't an easy decision, let me tell you. The only reason she did it is because we need information. About Michael. Yes, I know. Too bad you wasted your effort. You should have just let me die. Why's that? Because once Michael finds out I was captured, I'm as good as dead anyway. Yeah, well, maybe. Or maybe not, if you help us find him. He has spies everywhere. There's nowhere in this galaxy he can't find me. Who said anything about this galaxy? I had to modify this technology for use with humans. It's crude, but it works remarkably well. Michael... Whatever has happened between us in the past, I beg you, do not harm my child. I wouldn't dream of it. Now, just relax. This won't hurt a bit. Listen. Your child is healthy. Look. Why are you doing this? On the ship, Kanaan said our son would serve the cause. What did he mean by that? You have the gift. So does Kanaan. Have you stopped to think what that might mean for your son? He is genetically unique. And while I've made a lot of progress with my hybrids, there are still some details that need to be worked out. This child... will help me do that. You've taken good care of him. You should be very proud. Even so... He could probably use a little help. Michael, what are you doing? Please... I need this child. I can't afford to let anything... happen to him. How'd it go? Nabel gave up the address. We know where she is. It's one of Michael's bigger facilities. The lab is in the center of the main building, but it's difficult to find, not to mention the fact that, if he is there, he'll be heavily guarded. - Great. - You're sure this is the right place? I definitely recognize the description Nabel gave. Trust me, this is the place. You should bring me with you. This is just a small part of the complex. The place is like a maze, and once inside, it's easy to get turned around. All right. Thank you, Doctor. So, what do you think? Well, if he's leading us into a trap, it's not gonna make much difference whether he's there or not. But if he isn't, he could be pretty useful. Wait a second. If he goes on this mission, it could kill him. We can't ask him to do this. - We didn't ask him. He volunteered. - Oh, gimme a break. - Easy, Rodney. - I'm sorry, i'm just a little concerned we're so cavalier with his life because we think of him as some kind of a cheap copy. He's doing it for Teyla. Don't stand there and pretend that you wouldn't do the same thing if you were in his place. It's okay. I'm all right. Thank you. Okay. Carson. Rodney, I was just heading down to get geared up. You can barely stand. You don't have to do this. You said yourself the real Carson wouldn't sit around worrying about himself when he could help. The real Carson also never listened to my advice. Look, you don't have to prove anything, certainly not to me. I know that. Don't worry. I'll be fine. Let's go. I'm reading a bunch of life signs up ahead. Maybe it's the Athosians. Yeah. Or maybe it's a herd of those Frankensteins. Doctor? It's this way, I think. No, no, I'm certain. It's this way. What is happening? There is a connection between us, Michael, and right now, I can sense your fear. I wouldn't go that far. Let's call it... concern. What did you do? I shut them down. You mean you killed them. I can't afford to leave any loose ends behind. Anyway, there's always more where they came from. Take her to the ship. We're leaving. I'm tired of getting shot at with our own guns. I'm not generally fond of it regardless of the weapon. Hello? Is anyone there? You must help us! - You hear that? - Was that Halling? Halling? Colonel, through here! - It's very good to see you. - Likewise, my friend. - Are you all right? - We're fine, those of us that are left. - Teyla said you would come. - Where is she? Michael has taken her. You must go after her. Take your people. We'll meet you in a little while. Everyone, it's the time. Come. Gather your strength. Come through. Everyone. My God. They're dead. - You think Teyla. - No, I don't think so, and you don't think so. I don't mean to rush things, but I'm picking up an energy reading. Someone's firing up the ship. Carson! Carson! I know. I'm the last person you expected to see. - It's all right. I'm here to help you. - It's not possible. I'm sorry, I don't have time to explain. The others are waiting back at the lab. - We have to go, now. - I can't. Kanaan, the father of my son, he is still here. I am not leaving without him. - There's no time. - Quite correct. You should've run when you had the chance, but you let your feelings get in the way.</i> Stay back. I'm warning you. Shoot him, Carson. Shoot him now! He doesn't want to shoot me. Or to be more precise, he'd like nothing more,</i> but, like all my creations, he is open to my influence. I'm sorry, Teyla. Don't! You don't look well. You should have stayed with me. I'd give you an injection, but I don't have any with me. Anyway... you've served your purpose. Time to go. Take a look, east wall. Those look like gas containers? Yep. Worth a shot. - Where's Beckett? - This way. It's Carson. - What happened? - You ran off, that's what happened. - Did you see her? - Oh, no. - What the hell is that? - It's the ship. - Help him. - Yeah. Come on. We searched the place top to bottom. No sign of her. Well, for now, we'll have to assume she's still alive, and Michael has her. We've got prisoners. They'll talk. We'll find her. How is he? His body's shutting down. There's nothing more I can do for him. We can't wait any longer. Zelenka's prepping the stasis pod. I had him in my sights. - All I need to do was pull the trigger. - It's not your fault. He made you receptive to the mind link. It's how he controls all of them... The hybrids. Would have been nice to make a difference. You make it. We've got Michael on the run. It's just a matter of time before we catch up to him. - Rodney... - Look, don't say anything, okay? It's no big deal. You're gonna go into the stasis pod until we figure out how to fix you. I'm a doctor. I know my own prognosis. Once I go into that pod, there's a good chance I won't come out. Right. All set. Listen, we're gonna keep working until we find a cure for this thing. I've got a whole team on it. Best people we have. - Thank you. - <i>Either way, we're gonna get the cure,</i> soon as we capture Michael. Samantha, there's a letter in my quarters addressed to my mother. Don't worry, I was careful not to give anything away. Tell her you found it after you shipped my things. It's just some thoughts, things I should have said a long time ago. I'll make sure she gets it. Thank you. Don't you worry, Doc. We're gonna have you out of there. Colonel, you bring her home now, you understand? Count on it. This is exactly what I was afraid of. I know, big man. I'm sorry. Right, well, you won't feel a thing, aside from a cool burst when the pod first activates. Your life signs will be monitored on this machine here 24/7. Thank you, Rodney. I want you all to know that seeing you again, these last few days. It was all worth it, no matter what happens. You know, I was toying with the idea of programming dreams into these things. Interested? I could have you fishing in the highlands... With a couple of tall, blonde massage therapists. Rodney... I'll be fine. That's right. You will be. Because this is not goodbye, this is see you later. That's what we agreed. Did we?