- I'm on a ship. Receiving an IDC. - Who is it? - Stargate Command. All we have to do is hold down until the Daedalus get's here then we could use the ZPM to power the city shield. Multiple signals Sir. We couldn't see them until they were right on top of us. The colonel Marshall Sumner was a very good friend of mine You admit to firing the shot that killed him. The Wraith... they are in Atlantis. They're sending in another wave. Fly the puddle jumper in stealth mode right down their throats. You are volunteering for a suicide mission? - You can't. - I have to, and you know it. Teyla I'm hearing gun fire, what's your status, Teyla? Mecanism armed and ready. I'm going in. And now the conclusion. Defense! Major Sheppard, decloak your jumper immediately. What? Who the hell is this? Authentication, Alpha Charlie 1. Decloak now! Detonation in 5, 4, 3, 2... Target has been neutralised. He did it. Yeah he did. Dr Weir I'm picking up another ship. - Another hive ship? - Negative. I'm reading an IFF. Atlantis? This is Sheppard. John? What other Sheppards do you know? Oh thank God! No, that can't be. We saw the hive ship go up. I assure you Dr McKay that Major Sheppard is alive and well. Who is this? Colonel Steven Caldwell. Commander of the Daedalus. We are ready to assist you. Oh thank you! We are very glad to hear it, Colonel. And I assume we have you to thank for saving Major Sheppard. We were monitoring your transmissions as soon as we came out of hyperspace. We couldn't beam him in until he decloaked his jumper. Didn't take much convincing. Dr McKay? Present! Yes! I trust you know what to do with this? Your ZPM sir. How did they do that? The Daedalus is loaded with Asgard technology. Beaming technology is the first part of it. - They got things like... - Rodney? What say we get the shields back up. What say we. We still have Wraith all over the city After we deal with those other hive ships, we'll assist you as soon as we can. Caldwell out. Sir, we have incoming enemy fighters bearing 320. All forward rail guns, stand by. Launch all fighters. Transcript by Scifigate.net Subtitles by Team SG-66 - www.seriestele.net Season 2 - Episode 1 The Siege part III Colonel Caldwell? This is Novak in engineering. What is it? Hermiod wanted to remind you that our shields strength will be severely diminished without the Zero Point Module tied into our power systems. I'm well aware of that Doctor. Caldwell out. Major, do you recommend any specific target on the hive ship? One of the fighter bays, Sir. That would increase the chance of secondary explosions. That's what I was thinking, Sir. I agree. Waeps, arm two mark 8 tacticals. Our target is the hive ships main fighter bay. Warheads armed. Target is locked Sir. Fire! We need to get in closer. Helm, alter heading to intercept. Go to max thrust. Max thrust. We'll just have to get closer. The Asgard gave you hyperdrives and shields. How come, no offensive weapons? Providing other races with anything that could be potentially used against them? I thought they were allies? Without their beaming technology, you wouldn't be here, Major. Arm two more mark 8's. You're wasting ordinance, Colonel. Those missiles are being intercepted miles from the hive ship. I've routed the shield's sub routine. When I give the word, all you have to do is punch it... I know what to do, go! Whoa,whoa,whoa, what is this? This is my security escort? Well we are spread a little bit thin right now. OK, but you need to know that if we come under fire, you're gonna have to put your lives on the line to protect me. Rodney! OK,I mean the ZPM. Protect the ZPM at all costs. And me! Am I wrong? - Dr Weir? - Yes? I've lost contact with some of our people. Who? We can get a hold of the teams led by Captain Radnor, Teyla or Lt Ford. Well keep trying. Now we're 0 for 2. How many things have you got? Only one needs to get through. Is there any way we can deliver a warhead the same way you plucked me out of the Jumper? The Asgard have already considered that Major. There are failsafes built into the systems to prevent their use as a weapons delivery system. You've got one of these Asgard onboard? Can he override the failsafe? Why would he do that? Well, his butt's on the line, just as much as ours. Novak, I need you and Hermiod to figure out how to get sight to sight transport locks on a set of coordinates inside the hive ship. No, no. Sir. Hermiod isn't going to like that. Get it done Doctor, that's an order. That's where we have to go. What was that? I didn't get all that. What do I do? Look, I'm gonna get to the rolling things. Maybe I can uh... Clear. No, no. You stay here. So! This is how it's gonna be? Just me? OK, that's fine! You want some of this? This is McKay! I'm in trouble down here! Dr McKay? Are you alright? Teyla, we thought you were... My radio was broken and I was separated from my group. I've been trying to make my way back. Oh thank God! You have no idea. I thought I was gonna... I thought you were very brave. Really? - I have a ZPM. - Yes. We need to get the shields up. - Lead the way. - Yeah sure. After you. I've set the timer for 5 seconds. Is that enough time for you? Five seconds should be more than ample. OK look. I know you don't approve of using techology this way, but you have to understand... I am ready. Colonel, Hermiod is ready and standing by for warhead transport, but I can tell you, he is not happy about this. I take that under advisement. Are we within transport range? Yes Sir! Transport warhead when ready. Ready! 5... The weapon is away. We have a kill. The last hive ship has been neutralised. Novak, I need you to prep another warhead for transport. We need to take out those cruisers. Sir wait! Colonel, cruisers have broken off and entered hyperspace. Seeing what we just did to their remaining hive ships, I don't blame them. There are still a lot of Darts out there. Alright, let's clean this up. Sir, the Wraith fighters are regrouping. Everyone get into position. Stand by for defensive fire. We're not the target. Major Sheppard is right, Sir. The formation is headed toward Atlantis. Elizabeth, you've got a problem. Yeah, we see that Major. We're moving to intercept, but I don't think we can get there in time. Not a chance. They're coming in too fast. Oh my God! Their approach is ballistic. And what exactly does that mean? Their impact velocities will be in excess of 10,000 kilometres an hour. No part of the city can withstand that. You'd better get the damn shield up! How much time do we have? 45 seconds. Rodney we need the shield up in 40 seconds or we're dead! Are you kidding me? No! I think we're nearing the point in which I completely snap. Rodney! That should do it! Fire it up! That didn't do it. - What? - It is not working. - I know what she said! - 20 seconds. Okay, Snap! That's it! Are you all happy now? - Rodney! - OK, OK, OK! Try it now! Atlantis? This is Sheppard. Come in. Atlantis? This is Sheppard. What is your status? The explosions must have disrupted the radio signal. We're still here. That's our status. Don't scare me like that. Sorry. What about the Wraith fleet? The remaining cruisers have withdrawn from battle. Thank you Colonel. Thank all of you. Glad to be of help. We're gonna stay in Geosynchronous orbit for the time being. Can we be of any further assistance? We could use some help with the Wraith in the city. We're sending some people to help with that. Daedalus out. Major Sheppard. I'm sure you're anxious to get back to Atlantis. Yes Sir! Thank you. Rodney? You can take the rest of the day off. I'm going to curl up in bed with the largest sandwich I can find. Shall I just explain to the rest of the Wraith left on the base, that you're unavailable to fight? Right. Secure Stargate Operations. Hello, I'm home! Yes you are. I truly thought... Yeah, yeah. I thought the same thing about you, a minute ago. We gotta stop that. I'd like that. So uh, where are we? Well most of our sensors are still down, but we do know that there are at least a handful of Wraith still in the city. Still got some work to do. Before you do anything, Colonel Everett insists on speaking with you. He's in the infirmary. We've neutralised the hive ships, activated the shields and we've mustered as many people as we can, making sure there are no Wraith hiding in the shadows. - Good work Major. - Thank you, Sir. They're shipping me out with the next batch of wounded. I wanted to finish our conversation. Yes Sir. I owe you an apology. No Sir, you don't. I think I have a pretty good idea. I would have done the same thing as you did, when you found Colonel Sumner. That's what I wanted to tell you. None of that matters right now, Sir. I'm trying to say, I wish you had been there for me. - You're gonna be fine Sir, once you get back to Earth. - I said what I had to say. Get back to work. Yes Sir. Preliminary count is 40 casualties. Maybe more. I'm still trying to line up life signs readings with actual people. There are no Wraith life signs? The last one was trapped in one of the deeper parts of the city. He died trying to damage city with one of their grenades. Three of our men were injured. On the bright side, there was no flooding. Have we been able to locate Lt Ford? I'm sorry, no. We searched everywhere in the city. It's possible he may have beamed up into one of the Wraith Darts. Let's not make that assumption. Major, I'm sorry. We searched everywhere inside the city. Well how about outside the city? - I don't understand. - Expand the sensors. Maybe he's in the water. Even if that was the case, there's no chance... Look, I'm not asking you to swim out there, I'm asking you to press a few damn buttons! Even if you're right, I don't see how... Oh my God. Colonel Caldwell? One of our men is in the ocean outside our shield. Most probably injured. Can you beam him to your ship and down to our infirmary? Atlantis? This is Dr Novak on the Daedalus. You're gonna need some SO's in your infirmary, before we beam your man down. We already do Doctor. Beam away. Good Lord! Let's get this thing off of him. How is he? I gave him a mild sedative to help rest, but he should be dead. He's a tough kid. Not my point, Major. He was lying face down in the freezing water for over an hour. I don't care how tough he is. So what are you saying? We still have no idea how it works, but during the Wraith feeding process, the victim is injected with a special enzyme. It strengthens the human body temporarily and ensures that the heart continues to beat. Why would they wanna make you stronger? So the victim doesn't die immediately. The feeding process is so traumatic, that without the special enzyme, we shut down far sooner than they like. They make you stronger so they can take more time to kill you. Lovely, isn't it? In most cases the enzyme is released slowly into the blood stream throughout the feeding process. I can only ascertain that the Wraith died quite suddenly and that Lt Ford's system became flooded with it. And that's why he was able to survive in the water for so long. Exactly. The problem is, now the enzyme is breaking down in his system, eventually there'll be none left. That's not good. No. In fact, I'm quite certain it'll kill him. It's possible his body's become dependant on the enzyme to function. What's the treatment? We wean him off it. Sneak his body chemistry back to normal incrementally. Then we're gonna have to get more of this enzyme. Aye. With your permission Doctor, I'd like to harvest it from the Wraith bodies in the morgue. I know it's a little bit creepy, but... Elizabeth. Major Sheppard? Do whatever you have to do. - What is it? - You're gonna wanna get up here. Aren't you supposed to be getting some sleep, Rodney? I was trying to do just that, but someone thought I should know the deep space sensors were back up and running. Yes, and? They picked up 12 more hive ships travelling in hyperspace. Their course and speed will bring them here in 36 hours. 12 hive ships? The Cruisers that got away probably called for reinforcements. Our research shows there are at least 60 hive ships in this galaxy. But who knows how many more could be on the way? - At least the shield's up and running. - That only buys us time! I like time. Look, the first siege of Atlantis lasted for years. I mean, with only one functioning ZPM, we can't expect to hold on that long. Can we submerge the city again? It's a city, not a yo-yo. Look, I don't even know how they did it the first time. How long until they arrive? A little over a day. You know what? I'm sick of this. I'm sorry? I mean, sitting around waiting for them to show up. I say we take the fight to them. We've got one ship, Major. We got one ship with an Asgard shield, an armoury full of nukes and beaming technology. - That evens the odds out a lot. - Twelve ships and their escorts. I'm telling you. We've gotta send these guys a message. We're not like the Ancients. We're not gonna sit around and wait. If they don't back off, we have the capacity and the will to go kick their asses for a change. How do I fight a ship in hyperspace? The Wraith's faster than light travel is not as the Asgard hyperdrive aboard the Daedalus. Not only slower, they need to travel in a series of jumps. So if my calculations are correct, they'll make one last stop here, fifty light years away, before they make the final jump to Atlantis. Dr Weir? It will feel good to have them on the defensive for a change. Alright then, let's do this. Scanners are clear, Sir. No contacts. I hope we're in the right spot. They'll be here. I'm willing to trust Rodney about these things. I've set the warheads to go off one second after reintegration. So I assume you're fine with that? OK... They are angry. I can feel it. Word of our success might spread to other worlds. They want us silenced. You can sense that? The Wraith warrior were in such close proximity... Excuse me. Ford! I'd like to report for duty ma'am. Dr. Beckett released you? Why wouldn't he, I'm fine. If we can hit the first one or two as soon as they exit hyperspace, I think that'll send a message. Who knows, maybe they'll surrender. Sir, we have a contact. Stand by for weapons deployment. Shields at max power. Shields up. Novak, this is Caldwell. Begin deployment at your discretion. I have a weapons lock on the coordinates of the first enemy vessel. Got it! First weapon away, Colonel. That's a kill. Stand by. Alright, that's two. It's working. Stand by for coordinates. The other hive ships are altering course to intercept. - Take us right at them. - Yes Sir. They're flanking us. Forward rail guns, return fire. Novak we need to speed up deployment of those nukes or this fight is going to be over soon. The enemy has engaged counter measures that are preventing our ability to transport. - Is there a way to counter the counter? - None. Colonel, we have a problem. They've found a way to jam us from beaming onto their ship. We don't know how. Rear shield emitters are down to forty percent! Central rail gun two is out of action! Take engines to max. Foster! Try keeping the damaged shield from the main force. Sir! One of the cruisers is approaching on a parrallel course. They may intend to board us! That was their strategy when they attacked Atlantis. Shield status? Under 20%. Set course for Atlantis. Engage hyperdrive. Hyperdrive. Yes Sir! This fight is over. Bottom line is, it didn't work. At least you gave them something to think about. We'll see. I doubt very much that that tactic won't work again and the Daedalus has sustained damage. It was still the right thing to do. We should make it home before they do. I hope so. We'll keep the porch light on for you. OK, what are our options? Well let me see, we've got slow death, quick death, painful death, cold lonely death... OK, you said yourself that the shield should buy us some time. Where do you want me? Lieutenant, I... Lt! What do you think you're doing here? - I'm fine Doc, really. It's cool. - The hell you are. You should be back in bed. I feel great. Just drop it. I will not just drop it. Not twenty minutes ago, you were at death's door. I don't care how spry you feel, you need to be under medical supervision. I'm good to go. I appreciate your enthusiasm Lieutenant, but Doctor... I'm serious! Just let me prove it. Just give me something to do. - I don't think so. - Don't push me around! Lieutenant! Put him down Aiden, he's trying to help you. Aiden. I'm sorry Doc. - I don't know why I... - You need to be under medical supervision. He's right, Lieutenant. We just wanna know why you're suddenly feeling this way. OK, I'll go back. Good, that's what you should do. Yes ma'am. Sedate him if you have to. Aye. It's starting to affect his brain chemistry. There's no way you could have known that Carson, and it's better this than death. We need to be more aggressive wean him off quicker than I expected to. It'll be painful and arduous, but I think it may be our only option. Now I've sedated him, but he should definitely be under secure supervision. I've already stationed a guard at the door. Doctor Weir, the Daedalus is requesting permission to land on the east pier. Permission granted. I'll meet them there. Welcome back to Atlantis, Colonel. The Wraith are right behind us. I wasn't expecting you to land. Until repairs are complete, the Daedalus is going to need Atlantis' shields as much as you do. Doctor Weir, the hive ships are emmerging from hyperspace. We're on our way. - Ford! - Don't move or I'll shoot! Where's the rest of the enzyme! There is no more. I saw you extract it, don't lie to me! Where is it? No, I'm not lying! Where is it? You're not thinking straight son. You're all afraid of me. Look at what you're doing, we have good reason to be. - I'm gonna die if I don't get it! - Aiden, you're not gonna die. Shut up! I'm not gonna ask again. Is that all of it? - I promise you. - Toss it over. Toss it! Don't follow me. They're getting into some sort of formation. Move, move! The shield's holding under bombardment, but it's under incredible strain. How long will it hold? Well if they stop firing at it, it'll last almost indefinitely, - but with this kind of... - Are we talking months, weeks? Days. At this rate the ZPM will be depleted within days. It's almost pretty, isn't it? Almost. But not quite. We need to get the Daedalus back into fighting form within 24 hours, but I think the next engagement gonna have the same result. Even if we were able to destroy these ships this instant, more would be here in a few days and even more a few days after that. From where I'm standing I just don't see how we can win this. Well now we know how the Ancients must have felt. Atlantis is the only way to Earth. As long as they know we're here, they're just going to keep coming. As long as they know that we're here. What do you mean? Zelenka just said that as long as they know that we're here, they'll keep coming. Yes, he said that. Well what if they thought we were gone? Then there'd be no reason for them to stay. Exactly. Exactly what? We disappear. Destroy the city you mean? No, we just make it look like we did. How? We cloak it. Yes, yes! The Puddle Jumpers are equipped with cloaking technology, which renders them invisible to the naked eye and to Wraith scans. If we just simply remove one of the cloak generators from the Puddle Jumper... I wouldn't say simply, but yes, by interfacing a Jumper's stealth mode generator with the city's shield, we should be able to render the city invisible. That's all well and good, but I think if the city were to suddenly disappear, they might be able to put one and one together. Which is why we fake a self destruct. Have the Daedalus beam a nuke right above the city shield and then detonate it. While their sensors are blinded, we cloak the city. When the smoke clears... Nothing but ocean. What about high radiation? I should be able to calculate with reasonable accuracy, how long to wait before we switch over to the cloak. But what about the displacement issues? It's called planet emulation.That's the easy part. OK. What about the hard part? Hard part? Ah! The cloak, for all intents and purposes, will replace the shield, which means that we'll be completely unprotected once the cloak's activated. We'll be completely exposed? Well... yes. So if they're not fooled by the ruse... Then they destroy the city, which I remind you is exactly what we were going to do anyway. What about the Daedalus? Well if it doesn't work, our shields should be sufficiently recharged to break through their lines and escape. We know we can outrun them. Alright. Let's get as many non essential personnel onto your ship as we can. Just in case. I love this idea. I really do. But the Wraith are aware that we have cloaking technology. They are close. Close enough for me to connect to them. If I can convince them that we intend to destroy Atlantis rather than allow it to be taken, just before the explosion occurs. How will we know whether or not they believe you? Once they stop the bombardment, we'll know. He's right. If the Wraith believe that we intend to destroy the city, the last thing they'll wanna do, is to help us do it. How much time do you need? Oh uh... - Week. - Couple of hours. I'll take the second estimate. Go! You're in union? Couple of hours. He escaped. - What? - Who? Ford. He was able to disarm one of the marines and got away with all the Wraith enzyme I had left. Ford, this is Sheppard, come in. Ford? I need you to come back to the control room buddy, we're all going home. Lt do you copy? You're just afraid of me Major. You're afraid of what I can do now. I'm not listening to you. I'm going after him. Now's not the right time! Now I'm jolting you out of this the second I feel there's a problem. I understand. We're all set down here. Good! We're almost ready up here. Rodney? Ready! Radek! Ready to go. Colonel Caldwell. The people are securely aboard. The warhead has been armed and is ready for deployment on your mark. Very good! Stand by! Dr Beckett? Teyla. I'm ready. We're good to go. Alright, let's send our message. I am on one of the ships. They see me. Teyla? The message has been delivered. Elizabeth, it's done. Seems that they heard Teyla loud and clear. Rodney? - Yeah! I think I'm ready. - You think? I am definitely ready. Daedalus, launch the weapon. Give me city wide. Attention all personnel. Prepare for detonation flash. Shut 'em down! The weapon is away. Rodney? If we switch to cloak before the blast radius diminishes, we'll all be incinerated. Five seconds. Stand by to engage sublight engines on my mark. Standing by Sir. I think that was definitely five seconds. We're cloaked. How can you tell? They're scanning for us. I could have shot you a couple of times by now. Well, I'm glad you didn't. Look, why don't you and I just go someplace where we can talk. You're trying to change me back. No, I'm just trying to help you. No you're not. Crap. I don't think they've detected us. Why are you whispering? I don't know, it just seems like the right thing to do. Is it working or not? What the hell...? That's Ford. I assume that's him in the Jumper? - Can they detect that? - I don't know. Shut it down! I can't the Jumper's in control! Ford! Stand down, this is a direct order! Where the hell is he going? It won't matter if the Wraith can detect the gate activity through the cloak. There's only one way to know. This is Daedalus. Our sensors indicate the Wraith fleet is breaking orbit. I can confirm that. They're headed for hyperspace. Look, I'm gonna keep the cloak up for a while just to be sure, but I think they bought it. The gate address will be in the log. There's still a chance... Doesn't matter where he goes. The second he gets to wherever he's going, he's gonna ditch the Jumper, turn around, and dial another address. One we can't trace. We'll find him.