is our shield generator control. The austerity of the facility suggests that it was built during the height of war. It is well beyond our science. My skills are rudimentary at best. Oh, don't be so hard on yourself. It took Dr. McKay years to figure out all things Ancient, and he still doesn't completely understand 'em. I have a very firm grasp on Ancient technology. - You've blown up entire planets, Rodney. - That wasn't my fault. - Well, it didn't do it by itself. - Are these our guests? Yes, Chancellor. Lieutenant colonel John Sheppard, Dr. Rodney McKay, Teyla Emmagan and Ronon Dex. Chancellor Lycus. Welcome to Taranis. Thank you. And thank you for finally answering our calls for assistance. We tried several addresses from the database, but we were beginning to wonder if anyone could hear us. Sorry about that. We like to keep a low profile. So as not to attract the attention of the Wraith. I see. Well, hopefully you can help us. Our shield generator has been giving us trouble for some time now. Our... knowledge of the technology is limited and the Ancestors regrettably neglected to leave behind the instruction manuals. Actually, they did. - You probably just couldn't underst... - The good news is, you found our address. I'm sure we can fix whatever needs fixing. And by "we", he means me, so... shall we get started? I'm sure I could learn a lot from you, Doctor. I'm sure I can learn... let's start here, shall we? In the meantime, perhaps you'd like a tour of the facility? Lead the way. My ears just popped. We are deep underground. The Ancestors constructed an extensive system of corridors and tunnels throughout the facility and beyond. In fact, it was by following such a tunnel beneath our nearest settlement that we discovered this facility. - What was that? - Oh, just a tremor. Nothing to be concerned with. Please, this way. Those are harmonic tremors. We've experienced several such tremors in recent days. I'm concerned they may have something to do with our generator problems. Well, you say your generator is powered by geothermal energy. Yes. Well, then I'd say there's probably a connection. What were you doing? Oh, that, that was the standard military procedure in the case of an earthquake, one hides... well, stands, in a doorway, and just checks the structural integrity of... of the building for... sake of the civilians. This is the main hangar. Hangar, for what? Mere description would be inadequate. I see what you mean. Season 2 - Episode 19 Inferno Transcript: Raceman / Callie Sullivan Sub-titles: Team SG-66 - www.seriestele.net It's an Aurora class warship. Obviously, the Ancients built more than one of them. Why didn't we become aware of it at the same time our sensors picked up the Aurora? It's damaged. Probably from the war with the Wraith. - Beyond repair? - I don't know. Their scientists, or at least the folks who call themselves scientists, have been working on it for years, but it's way out of their league. They know how to turn things on and off, but as far as fixing problems... Rodney should still have the technical specs you brought back from the Aurora mission. I told him to take a look at 'em, but first, I want him to fix the shield generator, build some goodwill with these people. Good idea. Hopefully we can establish an alliance with them. A ship like that... Would come very much in handy now that Wraith are probably on the way. I know. I'm gonna get back there now, make sure he's not distracted, so... Distracted? Well, the lead scientist, she's very... Hot? I was gonna say attractive, but McKay is acting very... Smitten? I was gonna say pathetic. Wait. I should head back with you and begin negotiations with the taranian leader. What's he like? You know, he's a guy. I didn't pay much attention. Sorry. A shield like this would normally require a Zero Point Module to power it, but this one seems to operate on geothermal energy alone. Yes. There's an enormous amount of heat beneath the surface. You're telling me. When I noticed the fluctuations in shield strength, I managed to override the alarms and make some adjustments, but then other lights began blinking, I was unable to understand what they meant. Shortly after that is when the tremors started. How goes it, Rodney? I was just still running diagnostics. Still? I thought you would have had that fixed. If you want, - I can call Dr. Zelenka. I'm sure he could... - I can handle it, thank you. What are you doing back so soon? I mean, I told you this might take some time. Elizabeth wanted to talk to the Chancellor, see if we can establish relations with these good people. That would be wonderful. In fact, you've been working awfully hard, maybe I... No, no, no. I was just about to show Norina the generator log, which shows that... you've been running the shield continuously for over a year now. Yes. When the device was activated, you told me what it was called... Those are long-range scanners. That's just what we call them. - It's from an old TV show. - Yes, yes, what about them? When they indicated a sudden rise in Wraith activity last year, Chancellor Lycus ordered me to increase the strength of the shield. Well, that's unfortunate. Why? Because the Ancients didn't design these things to run continuously at maximum capacity. Look, shields are for emergencies only, Norina. When you shut down the alarms, you overrode the failsafes, and that means that we're... Oh no. What is it? The reason the Ancients chose to power this facility on geothermal energy is because we're sitting right smack in the caldera of a dormant super volcano, or should I say formerly dormant, because drawing all this energy from the magma chamber has made it extremely active. So... things are going to get worse. I think we could safely say that things are going to get... worse. Yes. We are seeking to establish relations with civilizations throughout the galaxy. As are we. In fact, people from several worlds have chosen to immigrate here, seeking refuge from the Wraith. Our interest extends beyond just security, though. We're also interested in cultural exchange and of course, trading opportunities. As you discovered, we have an extensive knowledge of Ancient technology. And we have an Ancient warship. Yes... a ship that currently is unable to fly. If we were able to repair it, - perhaps we could negotiate... - We do not know all of its wonders, but I can only assume it possesses the capability for great destruction. Why would I hand over that capability to you? Now, Chancellor, don't take this as a threat in any way, but we already possess that capability. Now, having that ability and using it are two entirely different things. Elizabeth? Excuse me, please. Yes, John? You and the Chancellor may want to come to the control room. We have a problem. What kind of problem? That kind of problem! I don't see any volcano. Because you're standing inside it right now. Look, when you think of regular volcanoes, you think mount St. Helens, or Kilauea. - And a super volcano? - Yellowstone national park, with a caldera over 50 miles wide and a massive sea of molten rock just beneath the surface. So the Ancients built the facility here in order to tap into all that geothermal energy. Right. These things don't erupt very often. Thousands, oftentimes hundreds of thousands of years go by between blasts. So the Ancients thought, what the hell, plenty of energy down there to run a shield. But not continuously. By doing so, we've increased the pressure of the magma chamber. It's expanded to over 40 miles now, and increasing. - Can it be stopped? - No. The damage is already done. Look, a significant hotspot rift has opened. The pressure will keep building as magma continues pouring in directly beneath us. Is there anything we can do to relieve the pressure somewhere else? Maybe we can fire a drone down into the crust on the other side of the caldera. Every problem has a military solution in your world, doesn't it? Look, when this baby goes, the whole thing goes. Then we need to evacuate your people. Is there anywhere on this planet we can help relocate you to? Look, you're still not getting it. Listen to me, all of you. When this thing erupts, the force of the explosion will be over 10,000 times greater than the blast that destroyed mount St. Helens. - It will obliterate half of this continent. - There must be other continents. The dust cloud will envelop the planet within weeks, blocking out enough sunlight to kill every living thing. We are talking about an extinction level event. Look, the only option you've got is to evacuate your people to another planet, and I would advise doing it sooner rather than later. Excuse me. Watch them carefully. Oh, I'm sorry. Was my volume turned right down? Did he not hear me? Chancellor Lycus, Dr. McKay is the finest scientist we have. - I trust his advice without reservation. - And I don't know you. You asked for our help, and we came. To fix our shield generator, not incite evacuation of our planet. Your shield generator is what's causing this problem. Now, we would not advise such drastic measures unless there were no other alternatives. I'm just finding it curious that you advise us to leave this planet shortly after you discover that we possess an ancient warship. You think we're trying to get you to leave so we can take your ship? As I said, I don't know you. No, you don't. Is everyone alright? Nasty cut on his forehead. Reports of the wounded are coming in from the settlement. I'll call Beckett, get him up here. You'd better make it quick. The last tremor opened a hydrothermal vent in the base. The ground is eroding beneath us. You need to get your people off this planet now. They can come to Atlantis. They'll be safe there. If we didn't answer your call for help, this would still be happening. Chancellor, please listen to them. Alert the settlers. Tell our people to gather only their most precious possessions and come here as quickly as possible. We'll begin evacuating immediately. Good. Teyla, Ronon, come in. Oh, good, you're here. We're just about ready to escort the first wave back to Atlantis. Where are the wounded? There's a technician up in the control room that needs tending to. They're also bringing in more wounded from the settlement. What can we do? You can help colonel Sheppard facilitate the flow of evacuees. Chancellor Lycus and I are going to handle their arrival on the other end. This way, Carson. Rodney? Right here. Gate's dialed. You're good to go. Alright, we'll see you on the other side. Please make it quick. Sheppard, the first wave's on its way. How you doing with the next group? Keep the line moving. Sheppard, get those people back inside the facility! Atlantis, this is McKay. Raise the shield! I repeat, raise the shield! The Stargate... It's gone. Why did you raise the shields? McKay gave the order just before we lost contact. What is happening? I don't know. Run a Gate diagnostic. Power levels were intermittent the last few seconds before it shut off. Something must have terminated the connection from their end. Dial them back. Can't establish a wormhole. Something's happened to their Stargate. There's nothing wrong with our Gate. Dial it again. I'm getting nothing. - You orchestrated this, didn't you? - What? You lured me here to hold me hostage in exchange for our warship. I assure you, Chancellor, that is not what's happening here. Zelenka, the Daedalus is on its way back from Earth. I want you to contact colonel Caldwell and divert them to Taranis. Right away. - We're going to find out what's going on, I promise. - I will not be cut off from my people. My people are on your planet too, Chancellor. We're both cut off. What the hell happened? The Stargate. It was swallowed up by the magma. - We are so screwed. - You mean we're stuck here? - If we have no way of contacting Atlantis... - We are totally screwed. Hang on, let's not panic. - This facility has no means of direct subspace communication. - Will you just take it easy? We're inside a soon-to-be-erupting volcano! Elizabeth will try to dial us back. When she can't get through, she'll send the Daedalus. Daedalus. Right. That's good. What if the volcano erupts before then? The ship in the hangar. Maybe McKay can fix it. Oh, maybe I can fix it. Place the pressure squarely on my shoulders for a change! Well, I've discovered you're pretty good under the threat of impending death. I am, actually. Okay. And primary power is online. I wonder how many more ships like these exist. A few more of these, and we can give the Wraith a serious fight. Life support should be back up and running in a few minutes. Good. That's good. And I have discovered the ship's name. It's the Hippaforalkus. The what? Yeah, well, it appears to have been named after an Ancient general. Hippaforalkus. Well, we're not calling it that. - Oh, good, then what about... - And we're not calling it the Enterprise, either. I wasn't going to say that. - For my second choice, though... - How about we name it later? Fine. Whatever its name, this ship is large enough to fit many people. - It could fit all the settlement if we had to. - Let's hope we don't have to. Colonel Sheppard, this is the Daedalus. Go ahead. The signal's having trouble breaking through. We're gonna have to boost it. Can you get communications online? Right. I'm on it. Alright, try it now. Yes, Sir, we're here. Where are you? We just arrived in orbit above Taranis. Where are you? We've scanned the base and found no life signs. Well, this part of the base must be shielded. I hear you could use some assistance? The Stargate on this planet's been swallowed by lava, and we're in a volcano that could erupt any second, so, yeah, yeah, we could use a little help. Get yourselves out in the open where we can get a lock on you. No, Sir, we promised to help these people. We're gonna need Daedalus to evac them back to Atlantis. From the number of people that we're detecting, that's at least four trips. But the Daedalus is quite large. Surely you could fit more. This is a spaceship, which means that our life support resources are finite. Four trips would already stretch those resources to the limit. Do we have enough time for that? There's no way to know for sure. I mean, it'll be close. Well, the tremors have stopped. For the moment. Beckett's on his way back to the settlement to treat the wounded. Teyla and Ronon can join him, organize people into groups that can be beamed aboard. In the mean time McKay and I are going to stay here and continue our work on plan B. No, no, no, we need to get out of here. We can start the process, but if things get worse and the Daedalus can't get everyone offworld, we're going to need another lifeboat. And plan B is what? We found a sister ship to the Aurora called the... Orion. McKay's trying to get the sublight drive online. Really? Well, a ship that large, you should be able to get everyone else out in one trip. Yeah, well, whether or not we live or die is all up to Rodney. This is so unfair. Sounds like a plan, Colonel. Let's get to it. Right, over there you go. Have you selected which patients will go first? Aye, this group here. They're the most severely wounded. I've alerted the Daedalus' infirmary. They're waiting for them. Ronon is outside gathering the remainder of the first group. Everyone has seen and felt the first signs of the impending eruption, and despite our best efforts to keep them calm, some are beginning to panic. How long before the Daedalus is able to return? 12 hours to travel to Atlantis and back. 12 hours and hope there's enough time to make four trips. Ronon, this way. To the far left. The next group to go. Alright. Come here, everyone. I need you to stay in here. Come on. Stay in here. Don't worry, you won't feel a thing. Daedalus, this is Teyla Emmagan. We have several hundred Taranians standing by at the various beaming sites. We are ready. Understood. The first wave of refugees are onboard. We're headed back to Atlantis. Thank you, Colonel. We'll be ready to receive them. Weir out. Then what? Once my people have been evacuated to this city, what happens to us then? You're welcome to stay here with us, or we can help you find a safe, suitable planet you could relocate to. And if what is happening on my planet is a false alarm? I doubt that's the case. Dr. Weir... Dr. Weir, I'm sorry, it's important. Excuse me, Chancellor. The long range scanner. A hive ship. Yes. Headed toward Atlantis. How far out? Three weeks, perhaps. Just the one? So far. So far. I have already learned so much from you just in the last few hours. Perhaps one day I could study under you. Yes, well, I really... really look forward to that, but first we need to get off... First we need to get off the planet.First we need to get off the planet, and then you can be under me... Okay, that was a big one. - That was a lot stronger than the... - You alright? I'm fine. All good under there. Okay. What is it? It's just ash beginning to fall. Is that a sign that the volcano will soon erupt? Diastrophism is a wee bit outside my bailiwick. I mean, no, I doubt it. Remember what Rodney said. When she goes, we'll know. - And who decided that? - We all did. Everyone's voice was heard. - What is wrong? - This is Vonos. He's from another settlement. - Hello there. - How long before the Daedalus returns? Still several hours, and I'm afraid the second evacuation group has already been selected, but you and your people will be able to leave in the third. - That won't be necessary. - He thinks he can outrun this thing. - What? - A day's walk from here, there is a river, wide, calm, should offer protection from any lava flow. - Another two days after that, we're at the sea... - Listen to me. There's a cloud of ash spreading across the sky. If that doesn't choke you to death, you'll surely die in the explosion. The only chance of survival is to evacuate this planet. And the only way out of here is on our ship. Time to go. It's getting a hell of a lot worse out there. The last tremor opened many more fissures. We have a problem. Rodney, come in. Go ahead. Looks like there's a lot of new vents, a lot of ash going into the air headed toward the settlement. We don't have time to wait for the Daedalus. How are those engines coming? I'm not even close. - Well, then, I guess we're all going to die. - Oh, you're doing that on purpose! What? You're creating an impossible task that my ego will force me to overcome! Oh, yes, yes, that's exactly what I'm doing. It has nothing at all to do with saving the lives of these people. It's all about you. Now, get your ass back to work and fix those damn engines! He'll fix them, trust me. Alright, folks, can I have your attention, please? I'm afraid there's been a change of plans. We need to bring everyone from the settlement back to the base. Once at the base, we'll board another ship called the Orion. It's a lovely ship with lots of room for... Why? As you can see, the conditions outside are rapidly deteriorating. We may not have time to wait for our ship to return, so we would like everyone to proceed down the tunnel that leads back to the base. The Orion - will safely evacuate everyone before the volcano... - Why did we not board that ship in the first place? The engines are not currently in working condition, but our people are confident they'll have them fixed before the volcano erupts. This is why we should not have waited. We cannot trust what they say. We must leave this place now. And go where? - To the river. - Have you looked outside, big man? - The air will be clear beyond the river. - No, it won't! That cloud stretches for bloody miles! - You will die out there. - Maybe. But it is better to do battle with death than idly wait for it to take you. You're all welcome to join us. No. At least in here, we stand a chance of survival. Out there, it is suicide. Alright, everybody else, please come this way, down the tunnel. Do you know which of these stars is Taranis? I'm sorry, I don't. Your city is incredible. Yes, it is. Dr. Weir... your people have been putting their lives in jeopardy to save my people, and I have rewarded that kindness with doubt and suspicion. I apologize. That's not necessary. I understand how you must feel. I truly believed that the Ancestors' shield would protect my people. I could not have been more wrong. We'll save as many as we can. I believe you will. Okay, this way, folks. Hurry, hurry. Good, good. Keep 'em coming. Where are Teyla and Ronon? Still back at the village to gather the rest of the people. Then they'll be on their way. Good. Get these people to the ship. - Come on, move it. Let's go. Come on. - Come on, straight down to the hangar, folks. Ship's waiting, plenty of room. Don't panic! There's plenty of room! - Sheppard. - What? I just got the atmospheric sensors online. I'm reading dangerously high levels of sulfur dioxide spewing into the air from dozens of fumaroles. Look, it is rapidly becoming toxic out there. Make sure you get people to stick to the tunnels. We'll pass the word. How about those engines? I'm still working on that. Keep me apprised. Teyla, Ronon. Yes, Colonel. We've got toxic gas venting into the atmosphere. Yes. It has already made its way here. Get everyone into the tunnel underneath the settlement asap. They are heading your way. Ronon has found one remaining family at the edge of the village. He is returning, and then we will go. Beckett and Norina are helping people get on board. It's getting pretty tense, but nobody's trampled each other... yet. What? Two large fissures just opened up near the base. One of the lava flows just covered the hangar directly above us. We're talking over 30 feet thick. Is the door gonna hold? I don't know. I, I think so, but it's, that's not the bigger problem. Even if I can get the engines fixed, there is no way to fly this ship out of here. We're stuck. Colonel Sheppard, this is Teyla. Please respond. Colonel... if you hear me, please respond. Ronon. Everyone else get through? Yes. We are the last to remain. We'd better get going, then. Ronon, the tunnel is blocked. I was just there. It collapsed during the last tremor. It'll be alright. We can't go back out there. I have been trying to hail colonel Sheppard. So we're stuck? It would appear so. Time for a military solution. For which problem? We've got an armory full of drones on board. Maybe we can blast through the hangar door. The hangar door is directly above us. The molten lava would destroy the ship. Not if I can get the shields operational. - Tell me you can do that. - I can do that. And once they're operational, they'll be able to provide enough protection to... - To what? - Talk amongst yourselves. - What're you doing? - I have an idea. - What kind of idea? - Can't talk. Busy. - Just give me a basic.. - Not now, please. I hate it when he does this. What are we gonna do? There is no place to go. I'm not good at sitting around waiting to die. Maybe we can make it back to the base on foot. Outside? We will never make it. As long as we can breathe, there is still hope and we may be able to last a few minutes longer in here than out there. Okay, hurry, ladies and gentlemen. Right down the hallway there. Thank you. Carson, how're we doing? We're just about ready. There should be another group of refugees coming on board now. Teyla? Ronon? They helped the last family. God, I haven't seen them. Teyla? Ronon? Teyla, Ronon, please respond. - Don't leave without us. - No, of course not. Right down there. They're still alive... but barely. Perhaps you were right. We should have tried to make it back to the base on foot. No. You were right. We'd be dead. As long as we can breathe... there's still hope. We owe you a debt of gratitude, Colonel. Frankly, yours were the only life signs that we could detect on the planet. What happened to the others? Sheppard, Beckett, and McKay, they took the rest of the people back to the base. - We got cut off from them. - Well, that's brilliant. The base is shielded. I can't beam them out of there. They were attempting to load the rest of the people on board the Orion, hoping Dr. McKay would be able to get the engines working before the eruption. What are you saying? They're all dead? We don't know. One way or the other, we can't hail them on radio because of extreme electrical activity in the ash cloud. We can't even detect their life signs. So if you make contact, what are your options? Well, colonel Sheppard could have saved some of the remaining population, but instead he tried to save every single one of them by taking refuge aboard the damaged ancient warship, which has pretty much taken any options I might have had out of the equation. Stay as long as you can. Hermiod says the volcano's about to erupt. We should know for sure by then. Be advised, we have detected a hive ship heading towards Atlantis. Just the one? I'm afraid that's all the good news we have. Teyla, Ronon, come in. Stop! Door's probably hot. You don't want to touch it. Let's try this way. Okay, not that way either. Rodney, come in. Go ahead. I've run into the last group of villagers and I'm trying to get them back to the ship. Looks like the base is going to emergency lockdown. We got doors sealing off everywhere. We could really use some help trying to find another way back. Alright. I'll have Norina call up the base schematics, see if she can... Rodney? Rodney... do you copy? Damn it. Colonel, I'm attempting to calculate the precise time remaining before the main eruption. We should try to land. The planet's surface is far too unstable to attempt any landing. So our only option is to sit here and wait? There is one other option. What? We could leave. That's not an option we're considering. I'm starting to smell sulfur dioxide here. Stay close. Stay calm. Try not to take too many deep breaths. Colonel Sheppard, are you there? Colonel Sheppard, please come in. - Any luck? - Not yet. There's too much interference. Look, the atmosphere is heavily charged with electromagnetic energy. This baby's ready to blow. The Taranian people are all on board, except for the last group that colonel Sheppard was escorting. Teyla and Ronon? We've lost contact with them as well. Alright. Please be the hangar door. Help me pry this thing open. This way. Alright. Tell the people to get on the floor and secure themselves. I think the eruption is imminent. We're just about ready. Ready for what? Oh, thank God. What took you so long? - Just about ready for what? - To activate the shields. I thought you said the blast from the eruption will wipe out half the continent. It will, and after 4.1 seconds of those extreme temperatures and pressures, our shields will be depleted. As much as I'm all for living for another four seconds... - That's not very much time for anything, Rodney. - It's plenty of time to open a hyperspace window. But that's my plan. Didn't I tell you about that? - No. - No, you didn't. - You were too busy running around looking for people. - Well, tell us the damn plan. Fixing the sublight engines was impossible in the amount of time we had left... they were just too badly damaged, but I've devised a sort of a patch that in effect diverts auxiliary power to the hyperdrive. - Only enough for a fraction of a second, mind you. - That won't get us very far. We don't need to go far. Any old orbit will do. And then what? Well, then Norina and I were planning a small dinner for us all, nothing fancy, just... - Rodney... - Well, what does he mean, "then what?" Then we won't die horribly? So your plan is to not blow a hole in the hangar but to sit here and wait for this cataclysmic eruption to take place. With the shields and inertial dampeners at full strength, yes. I think I may be missing something. Correct me if I'm wrong, but when the volcano erupts, don't we as well? That's the plan. - That's the plan? - That's the plan. - That plan sucks. - Aye. The ship will be ejected along with the magma and steam several thousand feet into the air. The ship can survive that? For exactly 4.1 seconds, yes. Look, the hangar should disintegrate. The moment we're clear, we open a brief hyperspace window, jump to space before the explosion depletes our shields and incinerates us. Okay. What. That's very clever, Rodney. Well, don't thank me 'till it works... which it probably won't. Excuse me. Colonel, I believe the eruption will occur in 52 seconds. Are you sure? I would not state it if I wasn't. What? Bent my fingernail back. I hate that. Yes, that can be painful. - Yeah, will you look at that? - Are you done? Almost. Look, does anyone have nail clippers? Rodney... Not helping. Alright, so... hyperdrive's ready, inertial dampeners are engaged, shields are up. We're good to go. - What? - Got up too fast. 40 seconds. Where's the P.A.? Arm of the chair. Alright, folks, all chairs and seatbacks into your upright and locked positions. Don't hold your breath. It could happen any time in the next half an hour. Five... Four... Three... Two... One. It worked! You really are a genius. Rodney? I'm good. This is the Daedalus. Are there any survivors aboard? Yes, Sir. In fact, we have a pretty big passenger list. The explosion was every bit as destructive as I feared. The... ash cloud has encircled the entire planet. Will the Taranian people ever be able to go home? Not for many years, I'm afraid. We found a planet that Chancellor Lycus feels is suitable for them. We've already started relocating the people there. I'd like you and your team to assist them, just to make sure the relocation goes smoothly. I'll take a repair team back to the Orion, get the engines fixed. I thought you told Norina you couldn't fix it. It was never a question of whether or not I could fix it, it... Well, as quickly as you can, Rodney. The Chancellor has graciously allowed us to use the ship in exchange for our help. I assume there's still a hive ship on the way? Yes. Why only one ship? We don't know. Maybe they're just coming to prove we're still here, but if they manage to do that. Well, at least we've got the Orion now, and the city's supply of drones has been replenished. That's enough to put up a hell of a fight. Let's not fool ourselves. If they come in full force, and there is no reason to believe that they won't this time,