- Do we have that much time, Sheppard? - No You do realize that long-term exposure to these levels of radiation is extremely dangerous? Our scientists tell me otherwise. - How many of these ships do you have? - Just the one. Commander Augustus Kolya. We are in control of Atlantis. Sheppard has just disabled another generator. Yes, Ladon, I'm aware of that! Reinforcements are arriving now, commander. We already have serious flooding in the north and west piers. Oh, it's no use! The City conduits just can't handle this kind of raw power. I think I know where we can get another nuke. Major, I don't know how sympathetic the Genii will be to our situation. You heard our message. The Wraith are at our doorstep. We have an opportunity for you to test your weapon. This is Weir. I've got the prototypes. How much further? Just around this next corner. When was the last time you had any contact with them? They came under fire about half an hour ago. The major told me to head to the Gate and radio for backup. I haven't heard from them since. They were under fire and you didn't head back to help? Major Lorne told me to stay by the Gate. You did the right thing. Oh, my God. Is that the building you were in? Shouldn't there be villagers? Why aren't they trying to put out the fire? The fire's out. That's just steam and smoke. Let's take a look. You stay here with Lindsay. Right. Sure. Oh, and hey, if you hear gunfire, just know that that's me holding back our attackers all on my own? A fire like this would have burned the whole village if someone had not dealt with it. Somebody put it out. They just didn't want to stick around and talk about it. It's not safe to be up here. Thanks for that. I got something. Damn it. What? Dog tags. These are Lorne's. What the hell happened out there? As you know, Lorne and his team have the weekly detail of escorting Dr. Lindsay to 177. Yes, the one who's educating the people on more effective agricultural and fishing methods. Yeah, that's right. Things were going along smoothly until our guys were attacked. Just like that, out of the blue? It seems that way. By who, the villagers? I don't know. Lindsay's not a real useful source of information right now. She's a little shook up. Beckett gave her a sedative. Hopefully she'll be able to give us more info later. Unscheduled offworld activation. What have you got? No IDC, but we are receiving a pretty weak transmission on the VHF band. Audio and video. Let's see it. Atlantis base, this is Ladon Radim. Are you receiving transmission? He's one of Kolya's men. Yeah, I know who he is. We can't answer this, though. I need the Genii, of all people, to believe that Atlantis has been destroyed. Well, I know we got the word out. My men have witnessed your teams dialing and returning through the Stargate to Atlantis more than once. Now, from that, I can deduce that the rumors of your City's demise are greatly exaggerated. - Sneaky. I'll give them that. - Your secret is safe, as long as you respond to this transmission. Open a channel. Atlantis base, this is Ladon Radim. We hear you. This is Weir. Dr. Weir... I was beginning to fear the rumors of your destruction were true. What do you want? I have something to trade. Don't think I don't recognize you, Ladon. You're a member of Kolya's strike force. You tried to forcibly take this City from us. Why would we want to do business with you? Because I have defected from the Genii. Well, good luck with that. And I have a Zero Point Module. And I have a tentative truce with the Genii that I'm not very eager to jeopardize. The Genii got what they wanted. They want no more from you... and this is of no use to me... But I know how important these devices are to your continued survival. Now, we can discuss this in person. Lower your shields and allow me safe passage into the City. We're not interested, Ladon. This is far, far better than the last trade you made with the Genii, Doctor, and you know it. I'm transmitting the Gate address to the planet I'm on. You can send a team to search me if you wish, but I am unarmed and alone. I'll be here for two hours. If I don't hear from you within that time, this Zero Point Module will be lost to you forever. The choice is yours. Season 2 - Episode 17 Coup d'Etat Transcript: Raceman / Callie Sullivan Subtitles: Team SG-66 - www.seriestele.net A ZedPM is a ZedPM. Who cares where it comes from? - We've already got one. - Yes, one. - Two is better than one. - And three is better than two. Look, we all know that eventually the Wraith are going to discover we're still here. Having more power means that we have more options. We might even be able to light up the engines and get the City to fly. Really? No... but we still need it. Well, flying City or not, I think we should consider this. Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't you the one the Genii threatened to kill on two separate occasions? He says he's alone, and he's willing to be searched. Wait a minute. We should be dealing with Lorne and his team, find out what happened to them. Teyla and Ronon will continue with that investigation, and you can join them once you finish up with this. Alright, get a MALP ready with the lifesigns detector. I'm not sending my team in there blind. We're getting telemetry back from the MALP. Only reading one lifesign. - Then so far he's telling the truth. - So far. As I'm sure your machine has already determined, I am unarmed and alone. You can go ahead and send your team to search me. Go ahead. Yes, Sir. They're peaceful people. They really are. I just can't imagine the villagers doing something like this. Tell us what happened. We were invited into one of the villager's homes for tea, a welcoming custom we've been through a dozen or so times. Dira, one of the villagers, asked for a word with me in private. - She took me downstairs... - You went alone with her? They're farmers and fishermen. I've been dealing with them for months. - I trusted them. - Yeah, that was a mistake. Ronon... Go on. Once I was downstairs, I heard the first shots. - They sounded like Wraith blasts... - Wraith? I can't be sure, but, yes, that's what it sounded like. Major Lorne radioed me from upstairs and told me to go to the Gate and call for backup. The rest you know. Did this, Dira try to stop you? No. Did she look surprised when she heard the shots? I don't remember. Can you think of any reason, any reason at all, that the people of this village would want to attack Lorne and his men? No. He's clean, Sir. What, no ZPM? I sent it to another planet for safekeeping. How stupid do you think I am? From what I remember, I gave you a pretty good crack on the head last time we met. I guess I was kind of hoping it made you simple. No, it didn't, but ever since then, I've been plagued with headaches. You're just saying that to be nice. What do you want for it? I'll only talk with Weir. Do I make you nervous? Not at all, Major. I'm just not interested in talking to the errand boy. That's lieutenant colonel errand boy to you. It's not them. What do you mean? These bodies you found are not Lorne and his men. But they were wearing their dog tags. I don't know what to tell you. I've run the DNA test three times now. - Then Lorne and his men could still be alive? - Aye. Dr. Lindsay heard Wraith stunners before the fire broke out. - But this wasn't a Wraith attack, so... - So whoever it was wanted us to think they were dead. But who? What could they possibly want with Lorne? We need to go back, question the villagers. Okay, but regular radio contact, please. Dr. Weir, we have Ladon. What has he said? Not much. Apparently he doesn't like me. Okay, take him to my office. Your office? Really? Really, Colonel. I'm on my way. You two be careful. Dr. Weir, thank you for your warm... What do you want for the ZPM? You people aren't much for small talk, are you? Not with criminals, no. As a member of Kolya's strike team, I was following orders. I harbor no ill will towards you or your people. That's nice. It's the truth. What do you want for it? I need about a hundred machine guns, a couple dozen grenades, and any C4 that you have to spare. Sounds like you're having a party. Explain... how is turning you into a threat in our best interest? The real threat are the Genii. Their nuclear weapons are fully operational, and it's my considered belief that they will soon begin using them as a first-strike offensive weapon, not just against the Wraith, but human populations as well. Now, you give me and my men the arms we need, you'll never have to worry about the Genii again. You're planning a coup. Yes, and you're going to help me. Cowen has led our people for too long. Yes, it's true he's made the Genii a force to be reckoned with, but the Cowen of the past bears little resemblance to the Cowen who's in power now. How so? He's become obsessed with uniting the galaxy under a single ruler. And that would be him? He thinks it's the only chance we have at defeating the Wraith. Whether the galaxy likes it or not. Commander Kolya was the only Genii who could stand up to him, keep him under control. He went missing several months ago. We suspect Cowen had him murdered. But you can't prove it? Not yet. And in Kolya's absence... Our people were looking for leadership. They looked to me. Get to the part where you find the ZPM. Kolya often spoke about the Brotherhood of the Fifteen. The last mission you encountered him, no? The last time he tried to kill me, yes. Finding resources for the resistance has been next to impossible. We have a few rifles, limited ammunition, nowhere near enough to stage a rebellion. So you thought if you found a ZPM, we would give you everything you needed. It's very hard to find trading partners who don't fear the Genii. Cowen has spies all over the galaxy. I figured you'd be more than willing to help if we could give you something of value. How do we know you'll be any better than Cowen? Look, I know you don't trust me... but if Cowen uses his new atomic weapons to enslave other worlds, then the Genii are no better than the Wraith, and you can have your ZPM, but you must help me stop that from happening. Never heard of her. Are you certain? Dira. She was friends with the men who were killed last night. I said I never heard of her. This is a small community, friend. Surely you know her. She lived in the house that burned down. We would just like to ask her some questions. I just tend to my bar and my family. I mind my business, and I suggest you do the same. We want to know why our friends were killed. Ronon... He knows something. Everyone here knows something. Let him go. Who are you trying to protect? If you knew what's best for you, you'll both go back from where you came. They're watching us. They'll kill us all if you're not careful. Who? We can protect you, help you fight them. No, you can't. Leave me be. Do you believe him? Well, he has a ZPM. No, I mean about the other stuff. Evil Cowen. He's lying about something. When Cowen handed over two of his atomic weapons to us, it was a sort of olive branch, and I would hate to jeopardize what little momentum we have going with them. - Stick with the devil we know. - Exactly. So we give them the heads-up? Tell the Genii he's planning something? I think so. I'll tell Ladon that we need a bit more time and to set up a way to contact him. I left one of our best special ops guys on the planet when we searched him. If Ladon goes anywhere, my guy will find him. Good thinking. Could have been Mensa. I hope Beckett found some sort of clue, because this was a giant waste of time. Excuse me! You... You left this behind. It's not ours. Yes, it is. Of course. How foolish of me. Thank you. What's inside? Not here. You know, I'm not sure that you've sufficiently trained me in actual combat. I don't know how much use I'd be in a... - fight-our-way-out kind of scenario. - Well, I look at it this way... The Genii have tried to kidnap you on numerous occasions to mine that big old brain of yours. Yes? Well, if we get into trouble, I'll just trade your life for mine. Oh. Funny. Don't worry. If you survive, I'll mount some sort of rescue mission. Eventually. Dr. McKay. Oh, and it's lieutenant colonel Sheppard now, I hear. Somebody's been paying attention. I'm afraid I don't have much time, but, please, tell me, what I can do for you? We were just checking in, saying hi, since we really haven't been in contact since the last culling. We barely survived the last culling. I can't help but think how close to extinction we came as a people. Our former ambitions have been tempered by the real world, I'm afraid. We've been busy trying to fulfill our people's most basic needs. You know, we could help with that. You know, with supplies, even manpower. And why would you do that? Well, we probably wouldn't be here if it wasn't for the nukes you gave us, so... We owe you one. We are a proud people, Sheppard, but we do know how to accept help when we need it. On that note, we've been contacted by a Genii named Ladon. At last, the real reason why you're here. What has he been saying? Oh, it was something about, conquests of other worlds using your atomic weapons. He's been telling the Manarians that I've been slaughtering our own people for food. Ladon blames me for Kolya's disappearance, and while, yes, it's true I neither respected nor liked the man, I had nothing to do with his presumed demise. Anything he tells you is a lie. He's trying to mount a rebellion. Let him try. He commands a couple of dozen men and has no weapons to speak of. Believe me, the city's plumbing is of more concern to me right now. But still, you didn't have to tell me. Apprising me of Ladon's plans was the act of a friend. Well, if you... want to contact us, we have a new number. I've known for some time that Atlantis survived the Wraith attack, Colonel Sheppard. I hope you'll accept it as an act of good faith that your secret is safe with the Genii. My men will see you to the Gate. That was refreshing. He didn't try to kill us even once. My special ops guys followed Ladon to M6R-867. Looks like he's occupied a warehouse in a bombed-out, abandoned city. It was most likely destroyed by the Wraith and never reinhabited. We did a quick fly-over in a cloaked Jumper and sure enough, there are about 20 lifesigns in the building. 20 lifesigns on the whole planet, actually. So Cowen's intel was accurate. Yeah, it appears that way, yes. - Even if these men are highly trained and armed to the teeth... - Which, most probably, they are not. they're no match for our guys. A raid? Oh yes, a raid. If this is their main base of operations, I'm willing to bet the ZPM is there. And, what, just steal it? Well, the brotherhood stole it from us. Ladon stole it from the brotherhood. It's not really stealing. It's... Recovery. Look, we tell Ladon we're ready to do business, he needs to send a dozen guys here to help carry back supplies. Along with the ZedPM. He won't do that, but sure, we can ask. When they get here, we detain them, leaving eight men in the building for two small strike teams to deal with. Okay, it's worth the risk. Go get us a ZPM. What is it? I do not know. These are pictures of some of the Atlantis offworld team members. - There. - Major Lorne. Why would the villagers have these? The writing on the side here is in a bunch of different languages, offering a great reward for their capture. I bet they've been circulated to dozens of planets. I hope you are wrong. Offworld activation! Everybody, relax. We don't want to tip them before they're all in position. Dr. Weir? That's right. I am Dahlia Radim. Radim? Yes, I am Ladon's sister. Where are our supplies? Where is our ZPM? Ladon will send it through once we have returned to our world safely. I thought you might say that. What's going on? I'm sorry, but you're being temporarily detained. Colonel? Go ahead. You have a go. Understood. All right, use non lethal force wherever possible, so the men with stunners, take the point. That being said, if they engage us, do what you need to do. Clear! Start doing a room sweep. You three with me. We're finding Ladon. Did you see me almost stun that guy? I must have missed it. Yeah, but if he was, like a step to the right, I would have stunned him for sure. Good for you. It's... this way. How did it go? What did we miss? We have some guests. Yeah, I can see that. Dr. Weir, there is something you need to see. Let's go to my office. - What's all this? - It's a wanted list. We figure it's on as many worlds as there are languages on the photos. Who would do that? We are not sure, but the planet where Lorne's team disappeared is quite poor. It is conceivable they gave up Lorne and his men for some sort of reward. To who? And why aren't we on it? Excuse me? Sheppard's on the list. McKay is on the list. Why aren't Teyla and me? What, you're feeling left out? I just want to know who thinks I'm not a threat and give them a chance to change their mind. The gene. They all have the gene. - The gene of the Ancestors? - Yes. Naturally or not, all these men possess the A.T.A. Gene. But why would someone want people simply because they possess a certain kind of gene? Maybe they think it will hurt our ability to operate the City. But Ronon, that's why you're not here. See, most of Edison's team is on the list, except Toriel. He's the only one on that team that doesn't have the gene. It still doesn't make any sense. I suggest you call these men back if they are offworld. Yes. Most of these guys are on an operation with Sheppard right now. We are raiding Ladon's warehouse and stealing back the ZPM. We detained most of his team when they came here to pick up the weapons we offered them. Once Sheppard and the team get back, I will suspend all of their offworld activity until we can get to the bottom of this. Dr. Weir, please report to the infirmary. On my way, Carson. This is probably about the bodies. You two should come along. One tango. Middle of the room. What? Isn't that right? Colonel Sheppard. What a surprise. Drop it. Alright. Feel safer? A little bit. Is that it? It is. Slide it over. It could be booby-trapped to blow up in your face. Relax, Sheppard. I have no interest in killing you. It's all yours. One ZPM. One that's probably been out of power for a thousand years. Oh, that's gas. Don't worry. It's not going to kill you either. I think I know who's behind this. Okay. Whoever these bodies belong to, they didn't die in that fire. They died before they were burned? Aye, mostly from internal bleeding and the breakdown of the bone marrow. What does that mean? That means they probably died of severe radiation poisoning. Now, from what I know, there's only one race of people that could possibly be exposed to the amount of radiation that would cause this kind of damage. - The Genii. - Aye, exactly. If the Genii are behind this... We need to call back Sheppard's team. How do you feel? Like I've been gassed. How come it didn't affect you? I was injected with what I just gave you. Where are my men? Oh, they'll wake up in an hour or so with a pretty big headache. But they're fine, just like you. I'm a lot of things right now, but fine isn't one of them. I stumbled across the dead ZPM in our archives. One of our operatives found it hundreds of years ago, didn't know what it was, filed it away. I'm sure he had no idea how valuable it would eventually be. So that was your plan? Lure us here, take our weapons, trade us for some more, arm your rebellion. Is that about it? Couldn't be more wrong. There is no rebellion, Colonel Sheppard. Ladon here has only the best interests of the Genii at heart. Unscheduled offworld activation. What have we got? Not sure yet, ma'am. I'm not reading an IDC. What the hell is going on here? I want to talk with Dr. Weir. The Gate has to be active. It already is. Oh. Well... Dr. Weir, this is commander Cowen, leader of the Genii. Where is colonel Sheppard? Well, he's right here with me, along with the men you sent to storm this complex. Some would view that as an act of war. We were just trying to quell your rebellion before it started. I think we both know what your intentions were, Doctor. And now it's time you became aware of mine. I will release your men, but I expect something in return. We have 12 of your own. How about a straight trade? The Genii you've imagined as your potential hostages are terminally ill. They volunteered for the mission. They knew they were never coming back from the moment they heard of my plan. Why are you doing this? The Genii people need the Lantian ships you call Jumpers. I believe you have 10 of them. You have one hour to bring them all here. And if I don't? We will kill one of your team every 15 minutes until our demands are met. Oh! and we will be starting with colonel Sheppard. It's no use. The doctors on our world have tried to cure all of us. I don't mean to speak ill of your doctors, but our medicines are a lot more advanced than theirs. I know what you're trying to do. There's really nothing sinister about it, love. They won't give your men back. Even if you cure us, Cowen will never relent. I'm afraid that's not my department. Now, are you experiencing any pain at all? Why? Why would you help us? Because I'm a doctor. That's what I do. Why you would do this, allow yourself to be used like this? I'm dead anyway. What does it matter? Not yet, the last time I checked your pulse. Besides, even if there was no hope, I'd prefer to die surrounded by my friends and family, in my own home. I am doing this to ensure that my friends and family have a home. Can't you understand that? This is the one thing that I can do and I am glad to do it. What do you want with the Jumpers? What do I want with invisible space ships that can fly to other worlds and even deliver our atomic weapons? Well, since you put it that way. They're never gonna deal. You're going to have to kill us. I fully expect to have to kill you. Looking forward to it that much? Why didn't you just take us hostage when we came to visit? Why take two hostages if you could have a dozen? Take him to his cell. Even if we give you the Jumpers, none of the Genii will be able to fly them. Oh no? Why's that? You know why. Well, if you're referring to the ancient gene, I'm working on a treatment that could artificially produce it. In fact, we've been collecting samples for some time. From where? Lorne... Starting to put it all together? I'm getting there. Major. Boys. Colonel. Way to be alive. Thanks, Sir. So... you come to rescue us? Well, until about a moment ago, I thought you were dead but now that I see you speaking and breathing... Yeah, I'm thinking about it. Well, good. Let me know if there's anything we can do to help. Lieutenant Miller performed a cloaked scan of the planet. It looks like the Genii have moved in a massive amount of troops over the past 15 minutes. I'm afraid they have us greatly outnumbered. Any attempt to extract our men would result in many casualties on both sides. Let me get in there and see what I can do. No, the last thing I need is for more of us to fall into their hands. How are our Genii guests doing? Well, they have a number of different symptoms and ailments, but they all trace back to one thing, radiation poisoning. Well, McKay warned them that the shielding for their fission experiments was dangerously insufficient. I guess they didn't listen. Aye. Can you cure them? There are some experimental treatment protocols I've been able to get my hands on, although some of them are just too far gone to do anything but pain management, but I do believe I can save at least eight of them. Alright, let's hope they will trade their people for ours. Do we have a backup plan? We're not handing 10 of our Jumpers over to the Genii. Let's just hope this works. I don't think you understand. Most of your people can be cured, including Ladon's sister. Oh, I understand. What you need to understand is I don't care. What? I think you're playing for time, Dr. Weir. Your people can be cured. Now, let me return them to you, and let them live out the rest of their lives with their families on their home world. The Genii need those Jumpers. Until you are prepared to part with them, this conversation is over. You kill one of my people, and we are in a state of war. Oh, yes, yes. Well, I don't quite know how I'll live with myself. I will contact you again in 15 minutes so you can decide whether you would like Dr. McKay to live. In the meantime, you have forfeited the life of colonel Sheppard. Cowen, wait! Kill him. Yes, Sir. What the hell happened? We got gassed. Are we in some sort of trouble? Was it the gas or the prison cell that was your first clue? Time's up. Anything? We're still connected, but he's turned the radio off. I'm not getting any signal. Damn it! Elizabeth, what if we offer them one Jumper in exchange for colonel Sheppard? Carson, we have less than 15 minutes before they kill McKay. You can deliver all the Jumpers you want. They're going to kill everyone. We need to attack them now. Weir says your Dr. Beckett can cure the people I sent through the Gate. Is that true? Beckett's the best doctor in two galaxies. If there's a cure, he's got it. We're letting them go. Hidden away at the bottom of this building is a nuclear device. Where did you get your hands on that? You forget I'm the chief scientist. I made it. You're going to start your coup. I needed Cowen and his elite guard together in one place. I knew the chance at some Puddle Jumpers would get him here. Good one. Most of my men are waiting for me on our home world. Tonight, the leadership of our people changes hands. You were just going to leave us here to be vaporized with the others. Yes, I was... but things have changed. Let's go. Go see what's keeping him. It's alright. I'm just escorting these prisoners. There's a hidden passage this way. We shouldn't run into any more resistance. Commander Cowen, someone has freed the Atlantians. What? Ladon, come in! I'm receiving Dr. McKay's IDC. Defense teams stand by! Lower the shield. Rodney! It's Ladon. He's letting us go in exchange for his people. Ladon's in charge? Well, he's about to be. He really was planning a coup. Apparently, we're a part of the plan. Ladon, come in! This is Ladon. What's going on? I'm sorry it had to come to this, Cowen. You have served our people well. What have you done? Shield up. Now, please, I would like to see my sister. What are you doing? We found a malignant tumor in your sister's left lung. We had to remove it as soon as possible. Not to worry. It was a complete success. She did great. And then she'll be cured? She's not out of the woods entirely, but if she keeps up with her treatments... Many Genii suffer from similar afflictions. We'd be more than happy to cure as many of your people as we can... the ones who survive your coup, that is. I don't anticipate any more casualties. Good. Let's make that a condition. My day is far from over. I must return to my planet. We'll take good care of her. I promise. Thank you, Doctor. The coup was successful. Ladon Radim is the new leader of the Genii. Wow, that was fast. Yeah, once people found out Cowen and his elite guard were out of the picture, his loyalists laid down their weapons. They're billing it as a bloodless coup because no one died on their home soil. So a nuclear explosion and the lives of an entire battalion of men don't count? Yeah. It's all spin. What do you think the fallout's going to be? Well, historically, most coups end up with the new government being about as bad as the old one. I don't know, he seemed pretty grateful we saved his sister. There's that. And he did save me and my team. There's that, too. So I say we call it a win. Who's spinning now?