with the ancient named Janus. I have information that could lead us to his secret lab. - We were attacked. - By who? I was hoping you could tell me. Get the device operational within one hour or I will kill him. Do you understand? Somehow, you've found the attero device. What? We're locked in. Wait, there's a very dangerous, serious problem with the device, - and we need to talk... - if the power continues to build, the gate will reach critical overload and explode. Everyone that doesn't need to be here, get to the edge of the City. It's not enough. Move quickly. We have to get everyone to the lower levels of the tower to make sure that everyone will be... Colonel Sheppard, are you all right? - How many were up there? - Two. I'll go get my people. They were right here when I left them. If the explosion was hot enough, there might not be anything left for us to find. Did you hear that? We didn't take cover. Are you all right? - Are you all right? - My ears... I think I've got a some glass in my back. We lost the Stargate, we lost the control room. That's bad. But we did not lose you. That's good. All the troops you've requested have beamed onboard. Have them round up the rest of the humans and confine them to one of the hangar bays. Inform our Hive to wait for us here, and under no circumstances are they to activate their hyperdrive. Is that understood? Yes. Where are we going? Atlantis. Season 5 Episode 11 The Lost Tribe (v. 1.00) The Projet-SG & SG-66 Teams I need you to get Banks and her team to set up an auxiliary control room below the damaged areas. They've already begun. How are you? I'm alive. That's good for now. I still do not understand what happened. The Gate blew up. That much I surmised. But why? I don't know. Where the hell's McKay when you need him? All right, so the device creates a very specific subspace "turbulence" that makes it impossible to operate the Wraith hyperdrive. - I know. - But there's a side effect. - The "unforeseen" mentioned. - It's certainly not seen here - because there's no Stargate. - What's the point, Rodney? Although the subspace turbulence only affects the Wraith's hyperdrive systems, it creates a very dangerous type of radiation that... messes with the basic operation of the Stargates. Stargates? What, as in all of them? All of the Stargates in Pegasus, yes. And when you say: "messes with," you mean what? Look, when dialed, power will build up inside the Gate until it overloads. So you're saying that as long as this Janus device is running, every time someone dials a Gate in the entire galaxy... It'll explode. Millions of people will die if we don't shut that thing down. Good timing, Mr. Woolsey. Look, I don't know what it is you think we've done, - but I assure you... - Take us out of hyperspace. We haven't arrived at Atlantis yet. - Atlantis? - We're within communications range. We don't want to get too close. Take us out. I was hoping you'd be awake for this. Well, are we up and running? Yes, sir. We've routed all the City's main controls into this room. - At least we're not blind anymore. - No, but we're severely crippled. Without the Gate or the Daedalus, we have no way of getting to M6H-987 or rescuing Rodney and Dr. Jackson. What should we do? 5 bucks to anybody who can figure out how to contact the Daedalus. Colonel Sheppard? You got an idea? No, but I am being hailed by the Daedalus on subspace. Does that count? Technically that's not your idea, but good enough. Put 'em on screen. I'll pay you later. - Daedalus, it's good to... - <i>Colonel Sheppard.</i> What the hell's going on? Where's Caldwell? I'm afraid I had to relieve him and his crew of duty.</i> - How close are they? - Not close enough to go by Jumper. Don't worry, I'm more than willing to return this ship and its crew - to you. - <i>In exchange for what?</i> You've activated the attero device. I need you to shut it down and give me its location immediately.</i> I don't know what you're talking about. It was very clever of you, luring me</i> and my ship out into the open so you could see for yourself if it worked. - <i>If what worked?</i> - I have to admit, in a way I'm impressed. I was there 10,000 years ago when the Ancients first tried to use it,</i> but they didn't have the stomach to leave it on</i> once they realized how many of their precious Stargates it would destroy...</i> how many humans it would kill. Sounds like Janus work's. Give me the location of the attero device, and once</i> I have destroyed it, I will return this crew to you. Look, it's not what you think. We have nothing to do with this. Every minute that goes by without you telling me where this device is,</i> I will kill a member of your expedition.</i> Your time starts now. Give us a second. I don't think this should count toward the minute. I mean, he didn't say no... Yet. What are the odds that... What's this thing called? Attero device. What are the odds that this thing was at the subspace link that Rodney opened? M6H-987? I'd say it's very likely. It's also very likely that's where they were taken. It must be a weapon that Janus developed during the Wraith war. A weapon to blow up Stargates? I doubt that was its original design. Doesn't seem like an effective strategy. So, a nasty side effect. That's probably why they stopped production. Whatever the aliens took from the lab allowed them to reactivate it again. Whatever it is, Todd seems pretty keen to stop it, enough to risk taking the Daedalus. But we can't give him the address. He'll destroy everything in his path, including Rodney and Dr. Jackson. John, we don't have a choice. Our shield was able to take the explosion, but if this is happening on other worlds, it could kill millions. Put 'em back on. Thank God. We're not the ones behind this. Very well. Wait! Wait! I said, we're not the ones behind this, but we may have what you need. Atlantis was attacked yesterday, by a race we have not encountered before.</i> They stole a piece of Ancient technology.</i> We believe this could be a component to this attero device.</i> We managed to track them. You swing by here, pick me up, I will take you there myself. And give you the chance to take out my hyperdrive</i> with one of your drones? I think not.</i> Why would I do that? You're one of the few people in the galaxy with a ship capable of dealing with this problem. And I intend to keep it that way. Transmit the coordinates or I will feed on Mr. Woolsey before your eyes! Do it. We have it. We'll be in touch. - You really think that's gonna work? - You got a better idea? We're on a space ship. Those doors are designed to be airtight. That means something as tiny as air can't even get through. - How do you think you will? - I'm a lot bigger than air. Yeah... that's kind of my point. See? You okay? - All right. Come on. - Wait. What's our plan? Where are we going? Get to an access ladder, head down two floors to the engineering rooms. Then we cripple the ship. You... know how to do all that? Yeah. Don't you? Not really. Watch and learn. Hyperspace window opening. Think Todd changed his mind? He might have realized how crippled we are. - We're being hailed. - Put it up. My name is Katana Labrea. I'm a traveler.</i> Larrin sent me. Well, is everything all right? No, as a matter of fact, it's not. Larrin was hoping you could tell us why the Stargates are blowing up.</i> You. Come with me. Me? Why? - We'll both go. No need for that. - No. I guess it just must be your turn to use the fitness room. Right. Good luck. You too. It was the first colony we'd built on the surface of a planet in a hundred generations, and it was leveled in an instant. I was in orbit when it happened. We could see the explosion from space. I've never witnessed anything that powerful. The Gates are made of naquadah. When they become unstable, the size of the explosion is unimaginable. We lost 3,000 people and two ships, including our Ancient vessel. - Larrin would have come herself, but... - No, I'm sure she's got her hands full. Look, these aliens or whoever they are, they have two of our people hostage. They need to be stopped. We have coordinates, but... we have no ship. - Then I guess I got here just in time. - That's what I wanted to hear. Zelenka, you're with me. Teyla, I need you to stay here, all right? The second Todd's done, there's nothing stopping him from making a run at Atlantis. I need somebody I can trust to stay in charge here. Good luck. I locked the door. - This won't take long. - So what do we do? Bring up the main control systems and disable them one by one? That's one way to go. You'd have to lock them out. Or they could turn them back on again. Do you have some sort of a passcode to make sure they're locked out once and for all? Nope. Well, then, what are you thinking? - We just dropped out of hyperspace. - I see that, yes. - Why? - I'm not sure. The computer seems to think it's due to battle damage. Get our troops down to the engineering room. Someone's sabotaging this ship. What are you doing? Disabling the ship. You can't just blast away at vital systems like that! What if you take out the life support system? Don't worry. The life support system is that tray. At least, I'm pretty sure it is. Okay, we're out of hyperspace. That's enough. Come on. You wish to speak to me? You're the leader? You need to shut this device down immediately. No, I do not. Okay, look, I understand wanting to destroy the Wraith. I do. But this isn't the way. I disagree. I don't know if you're aware of this or not, but this device has a serious side effect. It makes Stargates explode when they're activated. We do not use the Stargates. Okay. But lots of other people do. They are of no concern to us. So you're just gonna let them die, millions of people, across the galaxy? - You're no better than the Wraith. - Perhaps. But we have little choice. Why? Our planet is dying. It can no longer sustain us. For the first time in countless generations, we must venture out into this galaxy again, a galaxy controlled by the Wraith. If we do not destroy them, they will destroy us. This is the way it must be. They're ahead. When they get to that planet, they'll open up with everything. Trust me, they ain't gonna be worried about collateral damage. The only chance we have to save our friends is to get there first. You want speed? You've come to the right place. This is your engineering ? That's right. It may not look like much, but trust me, we can outrun most anything in the traveler fleet. Mila? Hey. This is Colonel Sheppard and Dr. Zelenka. They're from Atlantis. Mila's our chief engineer. - She can't be more than 16 years old. - 15, actually. She's been working on ships since she was four. We need to get where we're going as fast as possible. I want you to do whatever you can to maximize hyperdrive output. No problem. You know, Zelenka knows a thing or two about hyperdrives himself. I'm sure he'd be happy to give you a hand. Who knows, maybe you'll learn a thing or two. The damage is significant. Begin repairs. Every second the attero device is active, we risk losing more and more of our alliance. It has come to my attention that someone from the crew has eluded capture. Your freedom has become a nuisance. Turn yourself in immediately or we will begin killing off your friends</i> one by one. - <i>You have three minutes to comply.</i> - He's bluffing. - No, he's not. - Where are you going? - I'm turning myself in. - No, you're not. - He's gonna start killing people. - He's gonna kill you. Well, I hope not. We need to get armed, free these people, take this ship back. Exactly. I turn myself in, and he'll think he's got us all. It buys you the time you need to do what you've gotta do. - No. I'm not letting you do it. - Ronon, listen to me... Jennifer, no. Okay. You're right. Okay. Come on. We're almost there anyways. We're talking about the deaths of millions of people. How can you be so callous? And what is it you're so afraid of? Why are you still in your battle armor? I can't hurt you. - I know you're not human. - You're definitely not Wraith. And if you were an Ancient, you wouldn't need our help to activate the device. What are you? You're Asgard. You've encountered our kind before? No, not just encountered. I've worked with them, even called a few of them my friends. Indeed. Of course, the Asgard I knew were a noble race who actually helped the human population in my galaxy. And where are they now? Dead. - But that had nothing to do with us. - Are you certain? They were clones... Copies of copies of copies, going back generations, and they suffered irreversible genetic degradation as a result. - But you probably already know that. - Of course, because we are clones as well, subject to the same law of diminishing returns. And yet, we are still very much alive. - So, what, you solved the problem? - Not entirely. But once we were able to conduct our research without interference, we made significant progress. Research on humans... Because our physiology is similar to what yours used to be. Precisely. I take that back. I have met an Asgard like you before. His name was Loki, and he was experimenting on humans too, until he was caught and brought to justice by the Asgard High Council. Because they did not believe the ends justified the means. That's right. And look where it got them. - Well, how's it coming? - Well... It does that sometimes. Don't let it bother you. - What we are doing here is not safe. - What else is new? She is pushing this ship well past its boundaries. That's kind of what we asked for, no? If we don't get Rodney and Danny back before Todd gets there, they're goners. This is the crudest hyperdrive system I've ever encountered. It is cobbled together from mismatching components. She's gotta be smart to put a hyperdrive together - with mismatched parts. - She's going to burn it up. Once out of hyperspace, there's a high possibility we won't be able to engage the drive again. Let's worry about that when we get there. What was that? Just a radiation warning. The detector's a little over-sensitive. I wouldn't worry about it. I gotta get back to the bridge. I'll leave you to it. We came to this galaxy during the war. With both of them occupied, we were free to conduct our experiments. Unfortunately, the hostilities came to an end sooner than we thought, and with an unexpected result. You were betting on the Ancients. They may have tried to shut you down, but at least they wouldn't exterminate you. The Wraith do not tolerate the presence of advanced technologies other than their own. Before we knew what was happening, we were under attack. We lost our intergalactic ships in the first battle, and we did not have the resources to build more. So how did you survive? We had no choice but to abandon our settlements and retreat to a place where the Wraith could not look for us, a planet with a toxic atmosphere. That... sounds nice. It was tolerable at first. We were able to survive using simple breathing apparatus. But over the eons, the environment has grown so harsh that not even our armored exoskeletons can protect us now. So you ventured back into the galaxy, that's when you came across this place. We knew it was built by the Ancients, and why, but we were unable to activate it until you came along. Look, I... I'm sorry that you were trapped on a poisonous planet for the last 10,000 years. I really am. I'm sure it was awful. But that doesn't justify what you're doing. My people are dying. The fact that, as you tell us, our brothers are already gone, only reinforces the need. If we do not do this, our whole civilization, a hundred thousand years of history, will be wiped out forever. I cannot allow that to happen. Dr. Keller. You're the saboteur? That's right. Where's your weapon? - My weapon? - Yes. The one you used to destroy the crystal trays. I ditched it. You really think I'd want it ending up in your hands? Oh, it's foolish of you to see me as the enemy. Really? Why's that? I'm on a mission from your Colonel Sheppard. I seriously doubt that. It is a long story, but he has requested that we neutralize a very dangerous target. Then why did you take over the ship? Why did you attack our crew? As I said, it is a long story. The mission, however, is time-sensitive, and you have handed us a major setback. Hyperdrive, weapons, shields... they are all down. - That's a real shame. - It is, considering that hundreds of thousands of humans could die because of it. I would think that will weigh heavily on you in the future. What are you talking about? Hyperdrive's coming back up. And weapons? Irreparably damaged. They're no good to us anymore. I guess you won't be able to finish the mission, then. We'll find a way. Get us back into hyperspace and get her down with the others. You okay? - I thought you were a goner. - I'm all right. They need me. You're kind of expendable. - I just figured... - Yeah, I got what you meant by "goner". - What did they want? - To talk, actually. - Oh. How did that go? - They're Asgard. - For real? - Yeah, a faction that broke off from the guys we knew thousands of years ago. - They're the ones inside the suits. - I did not see that one coming. - Apparently no fans of the Wraith. - Are they gonna shut off the device? - No. - Then I don't care. As long as that thing is on, then millions of people could die. Besides, I think I've figured a way out of here. Really? This is an Ancient facility, and Rodney McKay knows a thing or two about Ancient facilities. It's been proven, referring to yourself in the third person is a sign of mental instability. Mentally unstable like a fox! Okay, so, here's the plan. I blow the fire-monitoring fuse. The system suddenly goes dead, it assumes there could be a fire, detects lifesigns inside the room, it unlocks the doors for safety. Good job. Good thing they brought you back, assumed you were dead, was gonna leave. - Lucky me. - Yeah, you're welcome. - So, what do we do now? - We've got to shut down the device. - How do we do that? - We'll just... We'll improvise. Right. Todd didn't kill you. No, but you almost got me killed. I've never fired one of these outside of the range before. You did great. - Ronon. Good work. - It's not over yet. There's an armory down the hall. We need everyone we can. We're taking this ship back. Okay. We need to get to the device control room. - It'll be crawling with soldiers. - A diversion. - I'm all ears. - We go to the power relay station, - we create a massive explosion. - I never got - how that made a good diversion. - What? You want to clear the device control room of bad guys, right? Why would assume if there was a massive explosion, people would run towards it? - I would. - I rest my case. I'm sorry. I'm a good person. I'd want to save people from the fire, figure out what's going on. I'd order more guards to protect the room whoever wants to get to. Explosion diversions are the very cornerstone of diversions. - You don't have any better ideas? - I don't have any better ideas, yes. Oh, my God. Please don't kill me. You need me. Us, us. You need us. Look, the device needs constant care. I'm the only one who can work it... What am I talking about killing for? You ain't violent. You may've stunned... - more than we'd have liked, but... - They're suits. Suits that house one of the smartest races ever. I've always been a big fan of the Asgards. - Some of my best friends are Asgards... - They're empty suits. See? - Yeah. I know. I was... - You were... Yeah, it's not important. You know, from what I could tell, the inside of the suits form around whoever's in them. One size fits all... You sure you have all that figured out? I've flown birds a lot harder to manage than this one. I'm surprised Larrin didn't say anything. Larrin's never brought you up before today. Really? Never, huh? Nope. We're about to come out of hyperspace. Everyone, get ready. See, I knew this would happen. - We burned it out. - We got here, though, didn't we? Any sign of the Daedalus? No. Looks like we beat them. That's the first good news I've had all day. Wait, I've got two ships closing in. Shields up. Fire at will. - Evasive maneuvers might be good. - I'm on it. Clear! How come we haven't run into any of them yet? I've got a bad feeling about this. Do a lifesigns scan, find out where they are. I have a mass of lifesigns in the second 302 bay. They fell back to their ship. It's still in the bay. Why? They saw we'd armed up? Didn't want to risk a fight? That doesn't sound like Todd. I'm gonna check it out. Take us out of hyperspace. What? - They locked us out of flight controls. - Can you get us back in? Not quickly. What's he got planned? Okay, how long to get the device shut down? Five minutes. All right, look. You watch the... - Oh, come on! - What? What now? - Something must have spooked them. - Why? Aside from encrypting the access to this... - But you can break that. - In a heartbeat, but you can't operate this machine without the control key. Look... the thing they stole from Janus' lab to begin with. They've taken it. One down, one to go. I'm picking up a third ship. Wonderful. That was close. It flew into hyperspace. - What? - Hold on, - I've got another window opening. - They're coming right back at us. What kind of messed-up battle technique is that? It's quite a bit out, nowhere near the planet yet. Wait... it's the Daedalus. Contact them. We're gonna need the help. - <i>Colonel Sheppard?</i> - Surprised to see all of you guys. Same here. Look, I'm on a Travelers... I'm on a travelers ship. We've engaged the enemy.</i> Have you gotten the Daedalus back? Because we're gonna need the help.</i> Todd let us take her back without so much as a fight. But he's locked us out of the controls and retreated to one of the 302 bays. Why the hell would he do that? He needs that place destroyed. - Mr. Woolsey, sir? - What is it, Marks? The second we came out of hyperspace, a pre-programmed sub-routine kicked in. - Meaning... - Our main scanners located a facility and immediately locked the guidance system into it. It's taking us to the Attero device. In a way... Sir, it's programmed a collision course. That's how he's gonna destroy it, by ramming us into the facility. Can't we just power down the facility? Can't do more than turn the lights off without the component thing. We have to do something. Wait a second. These suits were designed to protect from harsh environments? Technically, yes. Then I have a really terrible idea. You're not thinking what I think you're thinking. The radiation would be pretty extreme. Not to mention electrical discharges look pretty unfriendly, but... The antenna has a control crystal. If we could pull it manually... It's 50-50 we even get that far. I'd go 30-70, but I don't have a better idea, and the suits, they should protect us. We disabled the ship weapons. - You did? - Ronon did, yeah. They didn't have any other choice. Ramming the facility with the ship is the only way to take it out. - Killing all of us in the process. - I don't think he's worried about us. They just depressurized the 302 bay. - You ready? - Let's just get this over with. You know we both don't have to go in there. When you get killed by one of those discharges, someone's gonna have to finish the job, so... Great pep talk. Thanks. I'm pretty sure we wanna avoid those touching us. Thanks, coach. What are you waiting for? I have to pull the right one or the antenna explodes. Hurry up. But get it right. How long before the Daedalus hits the surface? A minute, tops. How many people on board? Couple hundred. Look, I've got an idea, but you're gonna have to trust me. All right. Open up the hyperdrive in 30 seconds<i></i>. We're gonna have to make a short jump. - Impossible. - Not a problem. You can do this, Marks. We're all counting on you. I've almost got it. We're entering the atmosphere. Here goes nothing. What just happened? - <i>You're welcome.</i> - What did you do? I just opened up a hyperspace window big enough for the both of us. We just traveled through the planet. I got it! I'm back in. We've got control of the ship. And not a moment too late. - They found us again. - Give them everything you've got. You're okay, you're okay. Wrong again. Did you turn it off? I did... we did... you did. Look, where does it hurt? Everywhere. I don't suppose there's a hospital nearby? I'm pretty sure we're on our own. Good. Look, on the bright side, we'll be dead of dehydration in 5 days, so you won't have to put up with me for much longer. I'm pretty busted up, Rodney. I don't think I'm gonna make it that long. I know it may not seem like it, but I want you to know I really res... - Oh, thank God. - I sure am glad to see you two. He's badly hurt. That's a new look for you. You know me, it's function over fashion. - Is the device still active? - Not without this. It's the facility's main control crystal. That's not good enough for me. We have Drs. McKay and Jackson. Our weapons are not operational. Please see to it that we never have to deal with the Attero device again? - I'm locked on to its coordinates. - Opening fire. Leveled. Good. - Let's go home. - Well, you want to... unzip me? I'll look for a can opener. Zelenka has helped with ship repairs. It should be ready to fly in no time. Then what? Start a new settlement, I guess. Good to hear. You tell Larrin I'll help you with whatever you need. Thank you. We'll be in touch. Yeah. I'm sure you will be. Tell Larrin she doesn't need to wait for the next galactic emergency to drop by. I'm a lot more charming when my friends aren't about to die. That's not what Larrin said. See, she does talk about me! Every now and again. What does she say? What, not even a hint? You all done for the day? Dr. Cole's taking my shift. Yeah. Wanna get something to eat? Listen, I'm really glad you came on the mission. I mean, without you there, we'd... probably all be dead. But... I just want to be clear, because, I just want you to know, that I'm kind of... interested in somebody else. So? I just didn't wanna give you the wrong... Didn't. I just wanted to get something to eat. Okay, because I thought... Yeah, well, you're wrong. Do you still wanna go... No. I should probably... I should go. How are you? - It hurts to eat this fruit cup. - Don't eat the fruit cup, then. Thank you, Groucho. Not that I don't appreciate the visits, but shouldn't you be figuring out a way to keep the Asgards out of the shield? One step ahead of you. Won't happen again. Oh. Good. You don't think they'd make a run at us again? Well, I'm not sure, but we did ruin the one plan they had. They might hold a grudge. Well, let's hope not. - I won't be around to find out. - I heard they're sending you back. Yeah, I guess I need some major patching up and recovery. Landry prefers I do that there instead of here, so... The Daedalus already picked up a Gate left over from the Gate bridge, and my team is installing it, so we should have you home in no time. That's good. That is good. Yes. So... Well, it's been... - unique. - Yes, it has. It sure has. But I do want to say thank you for... saying that you respected me when you thought I was about to die. - Excuse me? I said no such thing. - Yeah, you did. You were, like... "I know it may not seem like it, but I really respect you.", and that means a great deal to me. I don't believe I ever finished that sentence. - How else would you have finished? - I would have said "regret." I would have said I really regret you being here because none of this would have happened... Otherwise. So you can only give compliments to the dying? It's something I'm working on. Do you wanna try any of this?