Your identification code was used to access this city's operating system. You think that I'm working for the trust? Oh, my God. And people just sit and watch this box for hours at a time? - Yeah, people do. - Is it that engaging? It depends what's on it. There are lots of programs on dozens of channels every day, all day. Most of which are fictional representations of ridiculously attractive people in absurd situations. There are educational programs, all sorts of documentaries... not many people watch 'em, but, well, they're on. And that's what everybody on your planet does for entertainment. Watch a box. Not everyone, although I will confess to the occasional half-hour of Jeopardy. - Jeopardy? - It's the name of the show. Jeopardy. Sounds dangerous. Double Jeopardy... that's twice as dangerous. It's a proximity alarm. Something's out there. A ship? No... there's two of 'em. There's another one in a lower orbit. - Another what? - I don't know, but... it's big enough to hold a person. Maybe it's a coffin. Perhaps jettisoned from a ship? Space burial? No. It's definitely not a coffin. I'm reading life signs coming from inside of both of them. Whoever's in there... they're still alive. Dr. Weir, the first pod is ready. I'm on my way down. Colonel Caldwell. I see you have arrived without your ship. Yes, well, Hermiod's doing some repairs to the hyperdrive that requires traveling in a wide orbit around the solar system, so while my ship flies in circles, I thought I'd beam down early and see if I could do a little repair work of my own. - That's not necessary. - I think it is. The host to a Goa'uld parasite is aware of what's happening to them. I won't soon forget what I was forced to do. Still, you can't be held responsible for your actions... - whereas I can. - No. You did what you had to do. Lives were at stake. I would have done the same thing had the situation been reversed. Colonel Sheppard's team just discovered something very interesting in the Kohal system. I was on my way down to see. Do you care to join us? I would love to. Thank you. Dr. Weir. - Oh, Colonel Caldwell. Welcome back. - Thank you, Doctor. - Colonel, what do we got? - We think it's a life pod of some kind. It appears to be designed solely for the purposes of maintaining a single human life in stasis. This one's a female. There was another one in a decaying orbit, but we could only fit one inside the Jumper. I've already sent Lorne in Jumper 6 to recover the second pod. Ronon and Teyla went along to help him locate it. Okay, I'm ready to crack her open. Hey. Hello, Doctor. She's alive. Barely. It appears we found her very near the end. All the major organs are shutting down. How long was she out there? There's no way to tell for certain. - So she could be an Ancient. - The pod design makes me doubt that. It's a shame she can't speak with us. Just imagine what she could tell us about her people and about what happened to her. Elizabeth! Medical team to lab three, stat! Season 2 - Episode 16 The Long Goodbye Transcript: Raceman / Callie Sullivan Subtitles: Team SG-66 - www.seriestele.net - This is not my fault. - We were all there. Relax. She's coming around. You okay? Dr. Weir is fine. Dr. Weir doesn't talk about herself in the third person. She was simply overcome by the effects of the imprinting. Security team to the infirmary. That's not necessary, Colonel... Caldwell. She is merely harboring my consciousness. - Here we go again. - And you are? I am Phoebus. We are a race of explorers. On our journey home, our vessel was attacked. By the Wraith? Yes. We were forced to abandon ship and launch our life pods. If this has happened to me... then I have been adrift for some time and the pod has determined my body is beyond resuscitation. You're quite correct. Then for all intents and purposes, I am already dead. I'm sorry. So am I. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're all very sorry. Where's Elizabeth? She is here also. And I suppose you'd like us to take your word for that? Would you like to speak with her? Yes, we would. Dr Weir? It's okay, Carson. I'm... I'm fine. Elizabeth... I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but there's another... I know. Her name is Phoebus. You seem remarkably sanguine about all this. Well, the imprinting will only last a matter of hours. The other pod... Phoebus urgently desires to be here when we bring the other pod back to Atlantis. Why? - She believes it's her husband. - Husband? He escaped the ship, she's certain of it, and... The rush of emotion is... it's overwhelming. - I can imagine. - No, no, you can't. No. I can't. John, I'd like you to try. Phoebus has a favor she'd like to ask of you. As I understand it, the beam that hit Elizabeth was part of a failsafe feature built into the pod's system. As cellular failure progressed, the pod... stored her consciousness in a sort of flash memory. But why? What good is the technology if the effects are temporary? It's a black box. That makes sense. Even if the body is incapable of being revived, the survivor can still report what happened to their ship. A rescue team could interrogate them even if they were incapable of regaining consciousness. You're talking about a human flight recorder. That's pretty dark. Pretty useful thing in times of war. It could also be the means for two survivors to say one last goodbye. Are you sure she's up for this? Physically, she's perfectly fine. Besides... - Elizabeth wouldn't take no for an answer. - Love is a powerful thing, Carson. - You're a hopeless romantic, you know that? - Well, you're just as hopeless. Otherwise, you wouldn't have agreed. I've gone over their respective E.E.G. patterns, and I can say with some degree of confidence that this... "imprinting," that Dr. Weir's... temporary occupant calls it... - won't last more than a few hours. - You can guarantee that? A day at most. Well, I'm sold. Shall we? And... He's still alive. Same as before. Life signs even fainter than the first one. If we're going to do this, we should do it now. I'd prefer if this alien consciousness weren't armed. Right. Colonel Sheppard... you'll have to be in close proximity to the pod for the transfer to happen. Yeah. Yeah, I know. But you're not moving. You know they were husband and wife. Anything could happen. I promise to be discreet, Colonel. Well... I guess... I'll see you guys later. Have fun. Give him a moment. Thalan... it's me. Phoebus? It's alright. These people recovered our pods. We may well be the very last of our kind. These generous people have allowed us to be together one last time. You consented to this? One last chance... to say goodbye to my husband. That's not what I expected. I know this body is different, but I assure you, Thalan, it's me. Is it possible for us to be alone, - just for a few minutes? - No, absolutely not. - Oh, don't be so heartless. - Look, they are two consenting adults... - That's not what I'm concerned about, Doctor. - The colonel is right. - Dr. Weir is in charge of this facility. I'm just saying there should be an armed guard just outside the door. Two guards. One at each door. I've already taken that precaution. They're right outside. Of course they are. Security to lab three! Rodney, don't shoot! That's colonel Sheppard! I'm sorry! I... You two need some very serious marriage counseling. He's not my husband, he's the enemy. Drop your weapon. Now radio security and tell them everything is fine. Everything's not fine. Rodney? Security, this is Dr. Rodney McKay. Everything is fine. Never been better. - Colonel Caldwell was kidding when he said what he said... - Oh, forget it. This is Dr. Weir. Attention, all personnel. Colonel Sheppard is not, I repeat, not who he pretends to be. If you find him, secure the area and contact me immediately. I'll deal with him myself. - Heard there was trouble. - Yes, major. It's colonel Sheppard. He's not himself. - What exactly does that mean? - It means he's a threat to the city. We have to find him. Your team's with me. Yes, ma'am. We have a medical emergency in lab three. You alright? Stunner blast. I'm fine. What happened? She was playing us from the beginning. - Weir? - Sheppard too. It's both of 'em now. Control room, patch my radio through to security teams only. This is Caldwell. Both Dr. Weir and colonel Sheppard are under the influence of alien entities. If at all possible... subdue and contain them with non-lethal force. We can track them down faster. There's a medical team on its way. Go. You know, it would help a lot if we knew more about what was going on. Ma'am... I'm gonna need you to hand over that weapon. Did it occur to you that colonel Caldwell might be under the same influence as colonel Sheppard? You weren't there. Hand over the weapon. Now. I guess you leave me no choice. Report. We just lost contact with major Lorne. Alright, I want all non-essential personnel to return directly to their quarters and remain there until notified. The only people I want moving through the city are my security teams. Yes, sir. We may be able to track their progress using the life signs detectors. How? They'll read as human. You won't be able to differentiate... security teams travel in groups of two or more. They'll be the only individual signals traveling through the city. Let's go. What are you waiting for? Look, I don't want to get all "chain of command" on you here, but I am a senior member of this expedition, so with Elizabeth and colonel Sheppard out of the equation, then... - I'm in charge. - No, no, no, no. See, I don't think that's technically true, because you're here for, what, like, one week out of six? Is it possible that because I was host to a Goa'uld, you don't trust me, Doctor? I didn't say that. I'm the highest-ranking military officer here, and this is clearly a military situation. Does that clear things up for you? Fine. Weir to Sheppard. I'm assuming you can hear me. Yeah, I can hear you, but if we keep using these radios, it'll only help them find us. We don't have much time, Thalan. The imprinting is temporary, and these people are gonna try to stop us. We've got all the time in the world, and there's only one of them I'm worried about. We both want a shot at the same thing. You mean each other. And neither one of us will get that chance if you keep running. Sir, I'm picking up some chatter I think you'll want to hear. Put it on speaker. You're the one who likes to run. My ship ran out of fuel before I could even get a clean shot. That was my plan. You didn't have a plan. You just wanted me dead. Still do. As a matter of fact, I can't wait to see that look of defeat on your face just one last time. You mean the look on my face when you rammed my fighter, making sure neither one of us would win? That was hatred, not defeat, Phoebus. Is that any way to talk to your wife? Thalan? Run all you like, but the moment I find you... you die. Well, they're headed straight for divorce. That whole thing was a ruse. In fact, I doubt very much if we were ever speaking with Dr. Weir. It was a remarkable impression, I'll give you that. From the sound of it, we have two fighter pilots who don't know that their war's over. It is much worse than that. They know everything about this city... I mean, the layout, defensive systems, how to access weapons... we just need to find a way to stop them without unduly harming the hosts. "Unduly"? What does that mean? Well, obviously, some force may be necessary. Contact any teams that may be offworld. Let them know that we're suspending all gate activity until further notice. We're going to full alert status. I think I just located one of them near the power room. Are you kidding? How'd she know? Intuition. Alright, we need to split up. I'll take Sheppard. You go after Weir. Why? Because I know how he thinks. I don't have the slightest clue how she thinks. Very well. What happened? The whole city just went dark. Tell me you had someone guarding the power room. Two marines from Daedalus. Hutchinson, this is Caldwell. Report. Where's auxiliary power? Naquadah generators aren't kicking in. He or she must've damaged the backups. We've lost everything? Shields, communications, long range and biometric sensors... The sensors from the Daedalus. If we can contact them... Subspace communications are also down. I need you for you to get down to the power room, Doctor. Restore primary systems. I should go along, too. Marines could be hurt. Exactly. Marines may have been injured. We can't go down there. I will send two of my people along with you, just in case. How do we know that Sheppard isn't down there waiting in ambush? Because he's not trying to kill us. He's trying to kill Dr. Weir. - Oh, that is so much more comforting. - This is not a request, Dr. McKay! Let me know the moment you have a damage assessment. Well, go! Ronon? You in there? Ronon? You there? Look, I came here looking for you, buddy, so... don't shoot or you'll ruin my entire plan. What did Caldwell tell you? That you're not who you say you are. Yeah, well, consider the source. If there are two alien entities running around, it's him and Weir. I'm the good guy here. So who cut the power? Okay, I admit, that was me. Why? I'm just trying to stay alive here. Caldwell is giving the orders, and you're the only one I can trust not to shoot me on sight. What about Weir? Her you can shoot. And by shoot, I mean stun, and only because she's not herself. Can you prove you're you? No, I can't. - What would Sheppard watch on TV? - No, that won't work. Why not? Because if there was an alien consciousness in my head, he'd know the answer was football. - But only Sheppard would admit that, so... - Right. Look, just help me find her before they do. That's all I'm asking. Give me the gun. Can I keep my stunner? Yeah. Well, the good news is the ZedPM is still intact. And the bad? Well, the control systems have been damaged by some well-placed weapons fire. How soon till it's operational again? I just got here. I have no idea. Report when you can. Alright... She's not here. Keep moving. Sorry, buddy, plan didn't work. She got away because all I had was this stupid little thing. At least you're out of the way. You're not... Not Sheppard, no... but I tell you what, he is screaming in my head right now like you wouldn't believe. Medical team to the south port cargo hold. You have a man down. Who called in the man down? I don't know, sir, but it sounded like colonel Sheppard. Alright, send in a medical team, but tell them to be careful not to walk into an ambush. McKay, report, please. Still working. It doesn't have to be pretty, Doctor. Just get the primary systems up and running again. Yeah, that is what I'm doing. Instead of running after them with bloody guns, why don't you try talking to them? And say what? I don't know. Just stall them. We know it's only a matter of time before Dr. Weir and colonel Sheppard are themselves again. Yeah, I'll take that under advisement, Doctor. In the meantime, I think you should return to the infirmary. I'm sending you a patient. On my way. Rodney, I could use some light down there as well. Yes. Working. He was unconscious when we found him. He's been shot. I can see that, son. Now go drum us up a few more torches. Flashlights. Off you go. Bloody dark ages. Gloves. Colonel Caldwell, this is Teyla. I'm at the base of the central tower, tracking Dr. Weir. Understood. I'll send reinforcements. I can handle Dr. Weir... but if she is here... Colonel Sheppard is also close by. Just a little more light over the wound. Thank you, dear. Come on. There it is. You little bugger. One bullet. Now to stop the bleeding. Will you people stop getting in the way? Go ahead and expend all your ammunition, just like you did last time! Your people don't know how to fight, Phoebus. That's why we're going to win the war! This war is not over yet! Colonel Caldwell, I'm ready to attempt a partial power-up. Give me everything you've got, Doctor. I have report of automatic weapons fire and Teyla's not answering her radio. Here we go. Of course now they come on. Right, let's get him under a scanner. I want to make sure I didn't miss any tissue damage. Lovely work, everyone. There's more than one way in, Phoebus. - Now what the hell is going on? - I don't know. Sections of the city have begun automatically sealing themselves off. Move. It's not letting me override. Because the moment the power came back up, she used a remote computer terminal to take control of the city. She's put us into a total lockdown under her command code. Can you invalidate her code? Maybe I could have before the lockdown, but the command's already been given. Look, somebody should have thought of that? You mean I should have thought of that? Can you hack it somehow override her code? You do know who you're talking to? So that's a yes? I'm just saying if anyone can, I can. I helped design the system. Then do it, please. Alright, but I'm using my command code. Why, because you still don't trust me? No, because it is a 16-digit alphanumeric code that I will have to enter God knows how many times and I haven't got around to memorizing yours yet. Just get me control of the city back. Fine. Caldwell, can you hear me? Go ahead. By now you're aware the city is entirely under my control, and there are several bulkhead doors between me and your nearest search team. You can't possibly get to me. Yes, we're well aware. I'm sure Dr. McKay believes he can override my command code, and it's possible. In a matter of several hours, he could, but I don't have that kind of time. We'd be more than happy to wait this out. Who knows what kind of trouble I could cause with life support while I wait. Or maybe I'll just send a signal to the Wraith like you did. What do you want? I want Sheppard. Well, I'm sorry I can't help you with that, Is there something else I can do for you? Don't screw with me, Caldwell, at the very least, I can kill Weir. When you get him, contact me. Colonel Caldwell. We have three signals on two separate floors at the base of the tower. Weir has to be the one in the science lab, which leaves these other two over here. The other one is Teyla. And the other one has to be Sheppard. Teyla, this is Caldwell. I was unable to capture Dr. Weir. So were a lot of people. Weir's put the city under a lockdown. I want you to go after Sheppard. You and he have been locked into the same section. He's one floor up. I will contact you as soon as I have him. Teyla out. Is this what you wanted, Phoebus? Another stalemate? I thought you wanted to finish this. What's wrong, Thalan? You can't get out? This is Teyla. I have colonel Sheppard. Good work, Secure him and stand by for further instructions. The next move is hers. Caldwell, do you have him or not? I'm losing patience. I'm working. We're working on it. I don't buy it, Colonel. Well, I'm telling the truth. Oh, please. Even Weir thinks you're hopeless. She can't hide it. We're close. We're not close. I have found an interesting way of rerouting your new halon fire suppression system all the way from hazmat storage to personnel quarters. Now, that's where the majority of your city's population is holed up, isn't it? You know it is. Ironically, Dr. Weir was concerned when the system was installed that halon gas extinguishes people as well as fires. So... shall we take it to the point that I start counting down from an arbitrary number? We have him. I thought you might. There's a new security camera in the northern most stairwell of that part of the tower. I want him taken there so that I can see him. Kicking and screaming, if possible. Teyla, we've been requested to put the colonel in front of the nearest security camera. I'm doing that right now, Colonel. I'm not surprised that you're the only one that managed to get to him. What do you want? We're just going to wait until he regains consciousness. Are you making any progress? Yes. Really? I would just like to state for the record that it is astounding to me that once again I find myself in the position of having to save this city when you and your space marines can't figure out how to track down two people. They're two people with the skills and resources of Dr. Weir and colonel Sheppard, who probably know this city better than anyone else, and also for the record, I was against this from the very beginning. Yes... yes, you were. Thank you. Please, continue. He is regaining consciousness. Teyla, it's me. Do not waste your breath trying to convince me you are John Sheppard. I do not believe you. Don't you see what they're doing? They're pitting us against each other. You know me. Oh, please. You call that acting? Phoebus. There's that look of defeat I love. Sir, I have colonel Sheppard on my screen. Wrong again. Still hatred. I guess I'm satisfied with this. Teyla? Yes? Kill him. Don't listen to her. Kill him now, or I vent halon fire suppressant into all the living spaces in Atlantis. - McKay? - I know, I know. I'm almost done here. Colonel, can she do this? Yes. She's created a shunt between the fire suppressant system and life support. I believe so. How many people are at risk? Three-quarters of the expedition. Why are you doing this? I have spent my entire life at war with his world. Thousands have died with no hope for victory, both sides reduced to a mere handful of fighters. If he really is the last... then in the end, my people will have won. Don't believe her. Believe me when I say I have absolutely nothing to lose. In a very short time, I will feel excruciating pain, this body will convulse, and I will cease to exist. That's what is ahead for me. All I can hope for now is to achieve victory for my people. Phoebus, your people are long dead. Who lost or won a war so many years ago it does not matter. It matters to me. If you kill me... you kill him. He cares for you more than you know. - Please do not make me do this. - You don't have to. Shoot him, or I release the gas and just hope it reaches the both of you. She has the capability of doing what she claims. Teyla... I'm not going to tell you what to do. I am. Kill him. Sheppard doesn't believe you'll do it. Forgive me, John. I've got it! I'm overriding her code now. Are you sure? It's done! Go! Teyla, this is Caldwell. Do not fire. I repeat, do not fire. Can you maintain the lockdown in the science lab, keep Weir where she is? Nope. The only way to do it was to override everything. Nobody's in control now. She is long gone. All security teams, this is Caldwell. Resume your search for Dr. Weir. Teyla! Come on. You can't leave me like this. I will not let her harm you. You don't know how determined she is. You can't let her win. He is going into convulsions. Do not release him, no matter what happens. Teyla? Is that really you? You're never going to believe me, so... I'm not even gonna try. Stand away from him and up against the wall. He is unconscious. I don't know how many bullets I have left in this thing, or I would have already shot you. I said back off! Unconscious or not... I want to see his face. You alright? Yes. It is over. Sorry we took so long. We got stuck in that damn corridor for two hours. Call a medical team and have them both taken to the infirmary. You got it. This is Lorne. I need a medical team to my location, now... - How'd you know it was me? - I still do not. Keep his hands bound until Dr. Beckett tells you otherwise. If you didn't know, why'd you give me the stunner? Because you would have shot her either way. Good morning. Good morning. What's-her-name sure hung in there for a while. When did she... Sometime in the middle of the night, kicking and screaming. That... that was... the strangest feeling, no? The entire time, I was shouting to everyone, but nothing I wanted to would come out of my mouth. I know. It was a real nightmare. Especially when you shot Ronon. - Oh, God, but I wasn't... - I know. I know. It was her. How is he? He's fine. Teyla and Rodney just went to see him in post-op. Did they believe you were... you? To be honest, I think the only people who believe 100% are Beckett... you... And me. In fact, I can safely say that I know how you feel. Yes, sir. Thank you, Colonel, for keeping a potentially explosive situation under control. Yeah, well, it was a lot closer than I would like to admit. For what it's worth... - McKay says you did a good job. - Did he? Well... maybe there's still hope for me yet. Oh, God, no. - Don't believe anything she might have said... - I'm kidding. Don't give it another thought. Well, if you'll excuse me, I'm sure you'll both agree that the paperwork on this is going to be a nightmare.