and then swallows them, does that make him a cannibal? Then, I had a date with a cannibal and not with a guy who has a disgusting habit. Zing-bang! I'm getting an award. Bang-zoom! I'm getting a muffin. {\pos(190,230)}The Veridian charitable foundation {\pos(190,230)}honors someone who's been outstanding, - this year, they've chosen me. - For what? - For being outstanding. - For being outstanding at what? {\pos(230,270)}I'm getting an award. {\pos(230,270)}As an honoree, you'll have to raise - a bunch of money for the foundation? - That's the part I'm dreading. {\pos(190,280)}Linda, you do it for me. {\pos(190,280)}That wasn't so bad. {\pos(190,275)}I have no choice in, {\a6}do you know which charity Veridian's giving the money to? I'm getting an award. Billy? What are you doing here? {\a6}I'm in town, I thought we could grab a bite. Are those fresh nuts? Don't be alarmed. I'm Ted's big brother. You okay? You gonna barf? It's okay if you do. - No one will judge. - Help me up. Right. So you can viciously do to me what I so lovingly did to you? I'm not gonna do anything. This is where I work. Sack attack! - Excellent. - I totally got you. I totally got him. Yes it was masterful, like watching a chess game. Hey, Ted, I can't find Rose, I've looked for her everywhere. - I'm upside down! - I know one thing for sure... wherever she is, she's right side up. No, I'm not. Until we find her, we'll have to just use this spare Rose that we got growing out of your back. - Come here. - What? That was fun. I'm gonna go see if it made me any taller. It's great having you around. Rose doesn't have a lot of family here. Relax. I'm not setting you up. So how long can you stay? I heard there might be a job out in Fresno, selling baby-proofing kits. They have problems with babies breaking into homes. And selling boxes? Could you stop holding mom in front of your crotch? I had a falling-out with my boss 'cause I kept sleeping with his wife. It's a real shame, 'cause I sold boxes better than I sold attack dogs or fatty scooters. You're a great salesman. I was hoping that job would stick. - What if I got you something? - Seriously? I'd love that. Plus, I'd get to hang here for a while. Yeah, Rose and I would like that, too. I love you, but not like in a brotherly way. It's all about the sex for me. Don't pretend you don't want it. You've been thinking about it all night. So I'm coming in for a kiss. - Don't try and fight it. - You've picked up my signals. Why don't we just skip right to second base? Where's your mommy now? Too easy! The next morning, I asked Veronica if it was possible to get Billy a job at Veridian.</i> I'm getting an award. When I got Veronica's attention, she told me Veridian wasn't hiring,</i> so I talked to the owner of the company that sells us our lab supplies.</i> I don't know, Ted. I got an idiot brother of my own I'm not giving a job to. He's not an idiot. He's a good salesman. Actually, I'm a really good salesman. I figured out a way to sell Veridian 3,000 bakers. So I got Billy can job selling lab supplies. You know that: "You can never have too many beakers"? It's not a saying, and now I know why. Lonnie. Great job on that presentation. Have a beaker. No, thank you. I didn't know he had a brother. I did. I did all that research when I dressed up as Ted for Halloween. Did you know his great-grandfather was a cattle wrestler? - Rustler - Wrestler. He used to go from town to town fighting livestock for beer money. I had an aunt who fought a cow for beer money once. - The cow never forgave her. - They're very unforgiving. - What are they doing? - It's how they process information. Billy is the new rep for the company that supplies our lab equipment. Anything you need, you go through him. And this is the latest catalog. You dropped something, Theodore. Pick it up, Theo-dorable. I'm not picking it up, Billy-has-a-little-Willy. - What are they doing? - That's how they process emotion. {\Run.dummy}It's getting away. I'll see you at home later. Don't be late. All right. Don't hurt us. We're not like you. No, I'm not gonna hurt ya. So, what kind of stuff you guys need? Nothing currently. We're pretty careful with our resources. Although we once meant to buy 6 4-inch Petri dishes and instead bought 4 6-inch Petri dishes. It was crazy slightly bigger. You guys need to loosen up a little, so I am gonna take you to a very exclusive club. We're gonna have a drink, talk about lab supplies. We can't leave work in the middle of the day. We're not Somali pirates. If you get little crazy once in a while, you stop being scared of living your life... That's when things get interesting. I have always harbored ambitions of being slightly more pirate-like. We looked cool with eye patches when we had pink eye. Okay, Ted's brother, we're in. I did a research on the charity - the foundation gives the money to. - Why? - Wanted to know where money was going. - Why? I wanted to make sure it was a good cause. I don't have a debilitating personality disorder that keeps me from caring about anything. - It's not debilitating but liberating. - The money is going to a charity that provides female mentors for underprivileged girls, preparing them for leadership positions. - Your consciousness has been raised. - That sounds wonderful. - I hate it when you mock me. - I'm serious. And when you mock me for pointing out that you're. I'm not. And when you mockingly insist you're not. Seriously, this is actually a cause I can relate to. A female mentor would have been very valuable for a young Veronica, who was bursting with potential, yet vulnerable, like a fawn in the woods, but tough, like a fawn in the woods with a machine gun. So you're saying you, or this terrifying, murderous fawn, - could have used some guidance? - Yes, we would have liked that. You and I are gonna raise more money for this charity than it's ever raised before. The forest will run red with the blood of creatures who doubted little Veronica and will now pay with their furry little lives. There's no middle ground with you. Either you don't care at all or you care 100-and-crazy%. What else is there? Now saddle up, Linda, and say good-bye to common sense. Final call. Flight 25 now departing...</i> I've heard about clubs like these at airports, but I thought you had to be an admiral to get in. Look around, boys. Full bar, cheeses, nuts and it's all free. Welcome to Shangri-La. This place is amazing. I never want to leave. - We should go. - We've to go. Oh, my God. There's a pilot. That guy's a hero. We'll go over, give him one salute, then leave. - If we're gone from work too long. - So what if you do? So someone gets mad at you. Who cares? You know what I do when someone gets in my face? I tell 'em to deal with it. Deal with it. That'd be a cool thing to say sometime. Why not today? Why not right now? - Hey, you, deal with it. - Yeah, deal with it. I'm getting me a damn cube of cheese! Can we take our pants off in here? Easy. I have to justify to accounting buying so many beakers. But I'm helping my brother get his life back on track, people will know how many milliliters of pencils they have. Oh, excuse me. And... they make great coffee mugs. Surprise. I got you guys 600 beakers. You could use them for beakers. What's that? - Just a bag full of something. - Full of what? A 62-year-old white male. We bought a cadaver from your brother, Ted. - Deal with it. - Deal with it. Why would you buy a cadaver? We were being all boring and ordering stuff, We decided to do something totally loco, - so we bought it. - No, not "it." "It" implies one. - Oh, man. What did you guys do? - One of these will arrive every month. That's right, once a month they send us a new cadaver, What are you geniuses gonna do when dead bodies start stacking up? We're gonna deal with it. - Just like you'll deal with it. - Everyone's dealing with things now. I gotta go yell at Billy. And I know you guys. Don't name that corpse, because it's going back. So who are we hitting up next? We're at Fleming in marketing. We'll get 500 bucks from this mutt. - Can I be the bad cop this time? - I've seen you smile when you cry and skip when you're upset. I don't think that's a good fit. Hey, can I get you anything? Are you comfortable? Of course he is, comfortable being a sack of crap - who doesn't give a damn. - We are raising money for a good cause. We left you a brochure, but you never got back to us. - Shut up, Brett. - I didn't say anything. Oh, that's rich. We're gonna need $10,000 from you. $10,000? That's... that's crazy. Crazy? What's crazy is Gina Morales not having an experienced businesswoman to help her write a letter to get into college. Veronica, easy. Gina's problems aren't entirely his fault. Fine. I'll go get 200 milliliters of coffee. I'm sorry. It's just... she loves those damn kids. Look, you're a nice guy. Let me try to talk Veronica into taking just 500 bucks. - Oh, man. Would you do that? - Yeah. But if you tell anybody I did you a solid, I will tear off your head and tinkle in your skull! I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. But, yeah, I'm dangerous. Billy, you here? Yes, and we have company. I invited the lobsters for dinner. But don't say anything. I plan on killing and eating them. We are celebrating. I racked up some great commissions at work today. About that, Lem and Phil... they don't need a year's supply of cadavers or even one. I don't know if it's returnable. It's not like we used it or anything. It still has that new-dead-guy smell. It's just that my boss was so impressed. But if it's a problem for you, I'll tell him that he's gotta deal with it. Yeah. Bosses love hearing that. Daddy! Uncle Billy bought me a bunch of presents. And best of all, he said he might live here for a while. Now hold on. That's only if the job works out. Forget about returning that thing we were talking about. - I'll figure something out. - Yeah, Are you sure? I don't want to reject your body. You got enough of that from every girl in high school. And, dad, watch this. Hey, uncle silly. Come here, you! I convinced Lonnie, the guy who works in the computer room, to keep the cadaver for a while. It might be a little creepy at first, but the cadaver will get used to him. So you must be from that charity that the foundation's working with. Yes. We're going to visit the honoree, Veronica Palmer. Some of them are a nervous. They've never been in a corporate environment before. Don't be afraid. Just don't go to the fourth floor. That's where we keep the monster factory. I'm just kidding. But, seriously, stay clear of the fourth floor. I was coming to see you. There's a new rule in the computer room. They just came up with it today... "No dead bodies in the computer room." Can you believe it? You bought those pants you've always wanted. My wife doesn't know I'm not at work. Is there any rule we haven't broken? These pants make my legs feel so cool. I can't believe my lower half's letting my upper half hang out with it. The people over there are pissed cos you drank all the pineapple juice. Deal with it! Let's order some expensive equipment we've never had the nerve to buy before. Maybe we should just stick with the stuff you guys need this time. If we stuck with the stuff we needed, I never would have bought these pants. And I wouldn't have squeezed ten cubes of cheese into a ball and eaten it like an apple, which I should not have done, but I am dealing with it. I just had a disturbing conversation with Mrs. Boudreaux from the charity. - Ted threw a dead body at her. - Oh, my God! That's not the disturbing part. In fact, I find that deeply funny. What's disturbing is, the Veridian foundation keeps 95% of the money we raise and only gives 5% to the girls charity. Really? That's horrible. We need to talk to Mr. Page, the head of the foundation. It's time for this fawn to strap on a machine gun, spread its wings and fly. Okay, what exactly do you think a fawn is? The purpose of the Veridian foundation, is to let the world know of the good works Veridian does. So you spent 95 cents of every dollar telling the world about the other 5 cents? If some trees are clear-cut and nobody hears about it, did it really happen? Of course it did, and people always find out about it, so what we need to do is publicize the occasional good thing we do so people are aware of how wonderful we appear to be. This isn't about some stupid trees. These girls are living, growing things, and you're trying to hold them back. Gina Morales! Hey, Mr. Page. - Can I get you anything? - We're not doing that. You're gonna give everything we collected to that charity. People suffered for that money. We were awful. You know what's funny? We raise money to help girls enter the business world, and when they finally do, they still act like little girls. I'll need the donations you've collected by tomorrow. Now if you'll excuse me, girls... We're not done here. This woman opened her heart, and that happens so rarely, you could hear the hinges squeak. I will not let you slam that Rusty heart door shut. {\Go, Linda. }Release your anger. You will not crush this woman's spirit and love, you spineless, condescending bureaucrat. Good, Linda. Only your hatred can destroy him. You, sir, are a bad egg. Yes! Now strike! - Where did that come from? - I am a good mentor. I need you guys to lower the temperature in here. Watch him until I figure out what to do with him. And put more money in our lab supplies account. - What did you do? - We bought a family of robots. And a large wind tunnel. We want to see how long it takes to drive robots crazy with wind. Deal with it! What if I tell Veronica that you've burned through the company's money, she notifies H.R., they investigate, and you guys lose your job? Does that count as "dealing with it"? My legs are completely numb. Only the tightness of my pants is holding me up. I think I feel that cheese apple making its way North. Billy, call me. It's about Lem and Phil. Don't say "doody" so many times in your outgoing message. Mom may call. We need your help. - We don't. - I'm in the middle of something. My brother has pushed Phil and Lem off the rails. I went crazy in a meeting and headbutted the president of the foundation. That wasn't crazy. It was deeply funny. It was kind of cool. His head made a "boop" sound. Then we were so pumped up and a little dizzy... that instead of giving the foundation guy the money, we gave it to the girls charity. It was incredibly satisfying. Until we found out that collecting donations from people and then giving them to whoever you want is a class 2 felony. Just go back to the foundation guy, tell him you got a little carried away and... Oh, wait. You booped him. - Have you guys been drinking? - Little bit. Please, Ted. I can't go to jail. You have to talk to that weasel and ask him to let us off the hook. Screw that. Tell him we'll see him in court and then headbutt him hard. Crack that egg. I will go try and straighten this out. Meanwhile, think about what you'd rather have for Xmas... a wind tunnel, a family of robots or a corpse. Screw them. They took my foundation money and they gave it to a charity. Plus, they headbutted me. And then they poured themselves a drink. Then the one with the bun on her head... She stood over me while she posed for a picture doing this. What was that? Get the money back or they're going to jail. You a lot of nerve coming in here. Some nerve ! He did not like being headbutted and then posed over. I got your message. Are you pissed at me? Yes, I am pissed at you. I told not to sell things to Phil and Lem, but you did it anyway. No. I held back. The robot family normally comes with grandparents, but they're sitting heartbroken. So I should thank you for creating a huge mess instead of a gigantic one? Just say it, Ted. What's your problem? I have been cleaning up after you since we were kids. You bring a stray possum, I'm the one that has to walk it, which, is impossible because they play dead, and you end up having to drag it. I was gonna train it to drive a golf cart! But you didn't. So I'm the one that ended up with a weird pet that I have to take to college. I am still cleaning up after you. You can't keep a job. - 3,000 beakers later, I got you one. - Which I'm trying to be good at. - Don't you want that? - I can't even talk to you right now. Veronica and Linda are in real trouble with this jerk from the foundation, so now I gotta go clean up that mess. Do you know how many times I didn't get laid in college because girls don't like getting hissed at by a jealous possum? I know it's not customary for charities to give money back to their donors, but if you like helping girls, I know two who would really be helped if you returned all the money they gave to you. Do you know how crazy you sound right now, young man? Crazy or really on to something? I just got told to go screw myself by a 60-year-o woman. {\Brought me back to when}Thought I was 10 like when I asked grandma why her house smelled funny. - What are you doing here? - Teddy, you are gonna kiss us. We got Veronica and Linda off the hook. You said you were having a problem with that page guy from the foundation, so me and these two roughnecks thought we'd help you out. We documented the whole thing. - First we got the corpse... - Who we named "Roger." You said not to, but we haven't been listening to you lately. Then we put the corpse in the trunk of page's car. Roger did not want to get in at first. He went all floppy, like, - "don't put me in there." - Classic Roger. Then we put a nail in page's tire and followed him after work. Eventually, his tire went flat, and he pulled over to change it. - Page went looking for his spare. - That's when Roger leapt into action. Page opened the trunk, and hello, dead guy. Then like a textbook douche, he did what douches do... rather then complicate his life for a single minute, he dumped the body. Then we showed him the pictures. He agreed it'd be better if they weren't posted on the Internet. And so he decided to look the other way with Veronica and Linda. - Unbelievable. - This was our last hurrah. Lem and I are done being crazy. When it starts out great... all pilots and square cheese... but ends up with you having to cut your friend out of skintight leather pants. I will not miss those. So? What you did was reckless and wrong. But... it worked. So... thanks. Actually it felt good to be the guy cleaning up the mess for a change. So are we okay? Yeah, we're okay. The Veridian foundation... helping the world then telling people about it makes us feel so good. The Veridian foundation... Helping the world by telling people we're helping the world.</i> I miss mugs. So Billy gave up lab equipment. He's moving with the woman who cuts the cheese at the airport lounge. We'll all be having fun with that. {\pos(192,220)}And Veronica got the Pentagon to finance a study on how robots tolerate wind. {\pos(192,220)}$3 million later, it turns out, they don't notice it. {\pos(192,220)}I appreciate you sticking up for me with Mr. Page. {\pos(192,220)}You're tougher than thought. {\pos(192,220)}You're like a fire-breathing, razor-back fawn. {\pos(192,220)}Oh, my God. This is a fawn.