people's desire to see things ranked third, right after hitting things and trying to have sex with things. - And if people could... - Hey! That's my doughnut! Shut up. Ted's talking. By leveling the current, we have increased bulb life by 38%. This is the greatest leap in bulb technology since... Interesting fact... The original light bulb shape was patterned off Edison's neighbor, whose head was hideously enormous. This bulb{\ lasts so long, it } will be giving off light well after you're dead. Gentlemen, when you fight like that, manhood weeps. Nice work. {\, Ted. }You've made a super long-lasting light bulb. {\And Since }That's the name of this project, your instincts are spot-on. Thank you, everybody. The company will love this. {\And }I can't get enough of{\the company's} its love. {\Maybe }You and the company should spend a weekend in wine country{\together}, share a couple of bottles one evening, maybe convince it not to wear panties to dinner. You should jump on that,{\Ted,} before the crazy outweighs the hot. {\So There's}A famous{\ theoretical } physicist, {\named}Stella Clifton, is giving a lecture tonight. She's on the company's radar, {\and }I'd like for you to go talk to her about {\... coming to }working here. I'd emphasize the salary she'd make and downplay {\the way}how we treat people. I'm sorry. I couldn't help but overhear. Hiring {\stella clifton}her would be a huge mistake. She's arrogant {\super critical}and hangs her wet bras on everything. {\I mean, }That's the buzz in the physics chat rooms. Stella Clifton is Lem's mom. He doesn't want {\people}us to know {\because }he's {\always} felt overshadowed by her. {\So }You're saying we have an in? {\I'm saying, }Can't we just let this one go? Wouldn't be the first time we didn't hire a {\... brilliant}scientist 'cos someone {\at the company}here would be upset. - Remember Bob Hitler? - I forgot the scientist named Hitler. {\Okay,}Fine. We won't go after Lem's mom. But this would be easier to sell upstairs if someone named Clifton had bombed the hell out of London. - Good morning, Phil. - You're late. Were you up watching that documentary on moss? Can you believe how much that stuff likes shade? It just goes nuts. No, I was up because my mom was having sex with some guy. {\Either that, }Or they were using her bed to hammer a very stubborn nail into the wall. It's not right the way she treats you. She's so inconsiderate. She's like Rhodesian wet moss. That stuff doesn't give a damn who it hurts. Good morning! I had sex last night. That's right. Dirty, sloppy sex. Truly, gentlemen, my hips were a blur. I went to the Stella Clifton lecture, afterwards we started to chat.{\ and hit it off. } So we went to a bar... Tell me you met another woman there and went home with her. I did meet another woman. She wasn't interested, I went home with Stella and porked her all night. Oh, god! Oh, god! Yeah, she sounded just like that. - I had a great idea. - You should have come{\ in here} holding a bulb{\ over your head} so I could tell. Yesterday I was in my cubicle, and a fly got caught in my lamp, - and it started to cook. - That's not really an idea. That's more of an unpleasant anecdote or a cautionary tale for flies. No, the bulb kept giving off this putrid smell, so I sprayed perfume on it. Today when I turned my lamp on, my whole cubicle smelled pretty. And so I thought... We should develop a line of scented light bulbs. And react positively. You hate it. All I ever do is test other people's ideas. I was so excited to finally come up with one of my own. But you're right. It's stupid. I should die like a light bulb fly. No, it's not stupid. It's just, I have spent years developing this bulb, I don't want to distract the company with a different one. Not to oversell it, but mine will save the world, Veridian will change its name to Ted's awesome light bulb company. Perfect. Now I can tell my joke. How many product testers does it take to change a light bulb? Ted hated my idea. - No. - Seven. The end needs work. I told Ted about scented light bulb, he didn't think we should do it. I think a scented light bulb is a good idea. - You think it's worth pursuing? - No, I don't. - I'm kidding. I like it. - You do? - Seriously. - What are we doing now? I'm showing you that you care too much what people think. Successful people don't do that. You've gotta be confident. You've got a good idea, - You shouldn't let anyone stop you. - Really? It's a good idea? I don't. Well, I do. That's why it takes seven testers to change a light bulb. So I took Linda's idea for scented light bulbs upstairs to Chet, and he loved it. Really? - You went over my head on this? - No. I just went out your door - and ran into Veronica. - Then she went over your head. The company sees this as a new way to market light bulbs to women. Since you thought of the idea and you're a woman, even though your shoes argue otherwise, the company wants you to co-run the project with Ted. That's fantastic. Are you okay with this? Please be okay with this. It would be great if we could work together on a project that I came up with. Of course. I'm looking forward to it. - It is going to be... - And your light bulb project is dead. Fantastic. - Mommy? - Hello, sweetheart. How was your day at the crap factory? You know, sometimes I feel like you judge what I do. I'm not judging you. I weighed the empirical evidence and came to an objective conclusion. You're wasting your talent. It's like Jackson Pollock painting cars for $99.95. Listen... I wanted to talk to you about Dr. Bhamba. My new lover? It's just, you two dating is making it awkward for me at work. Heaven forbid I've slowed production of the latest worthless gadget. What will people do without a helmet that feeds them cheeseburgers or a remote control for their underpants? We're not making a cheeseburger helmet. They pulled the plug after it fed a test subject to death. I'm sorry, but I'm not giving up my Bhamba. He's a very special man. This robe is so short, if I were a bell, you could almost see my clapper. I'm never calling you daddy. Never, never! I am happy for Linda. Yay, Linda. But the long-lasting bulb is important to me. Taking my feelings completely out of it, it is way better than Linda's dumb, smelly bulb. Ted, I see what's going on here. You're worried that after years of the company adoring you, a new Linda has come along, they may not have enough love for both of you. I am not worried about that. - That's what's happening? - I know what you're going through. When my little sister came along, I was very jealous. That feeling never went away. Even I put testosterone in her orange juice she became hairy and unlovable, got kicked off her team for doping. Oh, my god! I was not a perfect child, my parents only had so much love, I got it, and monkey girl didn't. Anyway, don't be like that. Maybe Bhamba's not talking about your mom. Maybe he's talking about the time he won that Hula-Hoop competition. And that's how I won the hula-hoop competition... And developed the pelvic stamina to satisfy the sexual desires of the famous Dr. Stella Clifton. I can't believe your mom is doing this to you. She's not going to stop seeing Bhamba? Nope. I spent my whole life trying not to be just the son of Stella Clifton, and now that's all anyone's going to be talking about. Hey, it's Stella Clifton's son! Welcome to Veridian. We expect great things from you. I've been working here for 11 years. I doubt that. Great to have you on board. Everybody's here. Everybody's here. You're co-leading, but that doesn't mean repeating. Maybe you're repeating what I say before I get a chance to say it. Why don't you take the meeting? All right, I will. Ted, bring us up to speed. First of all, let's talk about a time line. Time line. Some of us who have never run a project before may not realize it can take years to go from an idea to a workable prototype. - Am I right, fellas? - Absolutely. In this case, the concept was so elegantly simple that we banged one out this morning. Interesting. So then I would be safe to say... Yours smells like pumpkin pie. Mine could slow climate change. When the ice caps melt, we'll need that to cover up the stench of the dead polar bears. How long would it take to develop new technology so that he can go screw himself? - We're not prepared to... - Don't talk. This isn't about us. Look... I think it's gonna be impossible for us to co-lead these meetings. Can't take a little heat, like your precious polar bears? How did I get on the crazy side of climate change? There she is. Linda, you remember my boss Chet? You better watch out for this one. She could be the new Ted, a super sweet smelling Ted. That's just my bulbs, sir. Very funny. You tiptoed right up to the line but didn't cross it. Yeah. She's a sharp one. Watch your back, stud. Once again, sir, right up to the line. This project is going to be great. I hope so, sir. What do you mean, you hope so? Nothing. I just hope everything goes well. Why wouldn't it? Is there a problem, Veronica? Not at all. It's a home run. Linda was just doing a funny character she's been working on. It's a product tester whose lack of confidence traps her in a sad cubicle where she dies old and alone without ever owning a decent purse. As long as she never does it again, I don't see the harm. There's a meeting on your project tomorrow with the department heads. If you want to be in the game, you'll have to show a lot more confidence. I love that one. I hate that one, and bring me chicken for lunch. - What were those? - I have no idea, but did you see how confident I was? So confident, I'm getting chicken. Now you try it. - What do I tell him to do? - Doesn't matter. Make sure he does it. Lose the tie, hippie. What? What's wrong with my tie? Are you questioning me? Oh, that's rich. I said lose it! And bring me a chicken. Very nicely done. Today, we feast on chicken, although you may be getting a live one. Why are you looking up my mother's Facebook page? I'm going to find her, seduce her, and make sensitive yet vigorous love to her. Well, that's the one thing we haven't tried to get her out of the coma. Maybe I could save you three very weird minutes. Things between your mother and I have hit a rough patch. What do I do with that world's greatest step-dad coffee mug I got for you? Guess I have to take it back to the sarcasm store. It's just, Stella is so intelligent, I'm starting to feel like an idiot around her. I know what you mean. She's always reminding me that while she's unlocking the secrets of the universe, I'm trying to design a toaster that can handle a pizza bagel. That would be a boon to both Jews and Italians. You're a very good scientist, Lem. You shouldn't feel inferior to your mother. Neither should you. Your breakthroughs in weaponry have made warfare more horrifying. Well, I don't know about that. It takes a village to kill a village. If only we could show your mother we're intellectually worthy of her. I'm out of ideas. I helped put a satellite into orbit when I was 11 but it wasn't "geosynchronous," so she wouldn't even look up when it went over our house. We're both smart. Maybe if we work together, we could do something to impress her... Like a toaster that tracks down enemies and burns them evenly on both sides. - No, not that. - Or something she would appreciate... Something theoretical, with no practical application whatever. Just to be clear, it has to be science. Not just a great dance move. Come on. One great idea. Light bulbs that... Taste good. No, that sucks! I suck. No wonder the company's gone off me. So "suck" is okay to say now? 'cause I have some thoughts about my lunch. I'm sorry, honey. I'm just a little frustrated. I'm trying to figure out something the company would really appreciate. Why don't you just ask the company what it wants? I always like it on my birthday when you ask me what I want. The company doesn't know what it... That's it. That's what they want. I'll get them Stella Clifton. Thank you, honey. If you think about it, it's not hard to figure out what people want, especially if they tell you over and over again. We're not getting a motorcycle with a sidecar. It's just not practical. We'll see. What's 4 plus 8? I don't know. A triangle? I'm very tired. What is all this? Trying to earn my mother's respect by solving Clifton's unfinished equation, which, as the name implies, she's been unable to finish. Lem, you shouldn't have to prove anything to your mom. You're great, and if she can't see that, then she is an insensitive idiot who happens to be hot and sexy. I am still a man. - Ready for the meeting? - We have to cancel. Ted's disappeared, and I just found out, if you leave the scented bulbs on for three days, it smells like rotting meat. Linda, listen to yourself. Those are just facts, and facts are just opinions, and opinions can be wrong. The only thing that is never wrong is confidence. - But... - No buts. I brought this upstairs, and your failure will be my failure. You can do this. I know you can. Now get in there and run that meeting like a shark driving an assault vehicle through a herd of seals wearing chum pants. I'll do it. And so with aromas ranging from Zucchini bread to fresh laundry, the scented light bulb has zero downside. I heard that after a couple of days, the bulb stinks like rotting meat. Then you, sir, are the stupidest man who's ever lived. - What? - What? I'm an executive who says, "what?" What are you, 2? You're the one who smells like rotting meat. Finish him. Oh, my god. You're jealous of the light bulb. That's what this is about. You hate light and smell. What in the name of God did your parents do to you? Saunders, take your weird, emotional issues and get out. - Sorry. - No weakness. Anyone else hear any stupid rumors about my light bulb? Come on, bring it. So I took Stella Clifton to dinner to convince her to come work for Veridian.</i> And I brought Phil along in case the conversation got all science-y on me.</i> If you join the Veridian team, you would have access to unmatched scientific resources, from hydro-percolation non gravitational calibrators to executives who only know the name of one cool thing but will stay out of your way. I've always felt that when science is seduced by commerce, scientists become intellectual prostitutes... Mind sluts, brain whores. We don't have to pay you. So, Phil, you've been a little quiet. Why don't you tell Dr. Clifton what you like about working at Veridian? You're a bitch. And there's a gym, which has a little juice bar. Who needs to exercise at a gym when you've got your son's ego to beat up on? Phillip Myman, if I am a little hard on Lem, it's because I'm helping him by pointing out potential areas for improvement. When Ted asked me to come tonight, I agreed for one reason... To tell you that your son is a great guy and a brilliant scientist, and if you don't want him to go through life feeling like crap about himself, you should tell him you're proud of him once in a while. This is my fault. I should not have let Phil have his own grown-up drink. And you. You're so desperate to score points with the company, you're trying to hire this hot, sexy woman even though you know it would destroy Lem. Yes, I think you're sexy. Yes, I don't have a lot of grown-up drinks, and, yes, I wish I had a third yes. And, yes, I don't. Ted. What a surprise. You missed a good meeting today. I lied and then crushed the spirit of the only honest man in the room. Listen... I want to help you with your light bulb, and mean really help you this time, not get all pissy and competitive. Why? Linda wonders suspiciously. 'cause I realized tonight that chasing the company's approval has turned me into a childish, approval-chasing butt-head. Those were Phil's words when I drove him home. He also accused me of being blurry and spinny. Well, I haven't behaved perfectly either, Linda says contritely. - Why are you talking like that? - It's easier for me to say I'm sorry. Even though I have mostly contempt for the company, it still felt nice when they patted me on the head. And that made me act all gloaty, Linda explained explanatorily. Well, it's okay, Ted said, using his mouth. I'm glad we don't talk like this all the time, he added. That can't be a 7, or the sky would be green. Mom. What brings you to the place where, as you say, "science bends over and grabs its ankles"? I just wanted to see what my son was up to. Why are you wasting your time working on my stuff? Why don't you show me what you're working on? - You're gonna think it's stupid. - I won't. Popcorn that pops from the heat in your mouth. It's pretty cool, actually. I think I put too much in. - Can I try one? - Are you sure? It's fresh from the crap factory. I like it. Really? I'm sorry I never looked up at your satellite. It's okay. It's coming around again in 2015. It's a date. You bring the popcorn. Crocodiles! Oh! I was having a dream. The only thing I remember was a curious lack of crocodiles, and so I began to call out for them. Look at the boards. See how smart I am? I taped three of them together. Who cares if you're smart? You're great in the sack. Really? Eventually, working together, Linda and I found a solution to her stinking bulb problem.</i> I just wanted to say thanks for mentoring me, but I can't keep faking the crazy-confident thing. It's making me more crazy than confident. That's fine, Linda. You are weak and so will never be a threat to me. That's perhaps your greatest quality. And I realized that whether it's a giant, multinational company or your own mother, you should never chase someone else's approval. Hey, Ted, I heard you pitched in