it's natural relationships start to form. But some of them can be tricky to navigate. Gosh, Ted. It's like you were poured into that suit. And part of me is still hardening. That's not what you must say. Thank you, Erica. I value and respect you as a gender-neutral colleague. I may have overcorrected, but it's important I always keep things professional at the office, with one exception. Sweetie. Wanna wrestle? I'm taking you down, old man. Since Rose started coming to Veridian's after-care,</i> my coffee breaks include much more roughhousing.</i> Muss up his hair. It's the source of all his power. - Not the hair! - Now smash him with a phone. Why will nobody in this building ever smash anyone with a phone? - What do you need, Veronica? - We have a problem. It's about sexual... Sexual h-a-r-ass-ment. I appreciate you not letting my daughter hear the "har" part of that, - Why don't we talk about this later? - And I'm 8. I know how to spell. Never show your hand, sweetie. Always let the enemy underestimate you. Then when their guard's down, smash 'em with a phone. We're having a problem with some of those people who live in the cubicles. No, they don't live in the... I'm not gonna explain this to you again. One of the drones accused another drone of sexual harassment. Again? - That's the third time{\ that's happened to us} this year. - I know. Legal won't tell me who the sleaze-hound is. But upstairs is very unhappy with me. Our whole department looks like a guy at a bus station wearing a raincoat. We are not sleazy. It is more like a hard-working squirrel stuffing his nuts in... wait. We're more like a hard-working beaver... I won't land this metaphor. Let me just go talk to the people in the cubicles, find out what's going on. And get them to stop coming on to each other. It might be as simple as improving the lighting out there. I just heard they're forcing Chumley into retirement. That's crazy. He's the best chemical spill technician we've ever had. Is he gone yet? Let's trigger the floor sensors and see if he comes. You could've used water. As opposed to that beaker of bald eagle stem cells I've been painstakingly gathering for the last two years. Sorry. You should label thing Chumley's so great. He's the only one in the office who's always smiling. When he looks at you with those{\ .blue} lights, {\it's like }you're the only one in the world. - What's gonna happen to him? - Don't worry. Ted told me Veridian has a place where retired robots get to run and play with other robots. It's called the technology farm. God, that sounds great. Like the place my mom sent my dog after he crapped in her purse. I got an alert from the floor sensors. There's a spill. - Who are you? - I'm Carlos. New spill technician. I'm cheaper and require less maintenance than your... little sucky robot. My god. What kind of a sick world are we living in, where machines can be so easily cast aside for people? If you had to guess who in here was being accused of sexual harassment, - who would you say? - If I had to guess, I would say Keith, because he's kinda creepy. But since I know it's me, I will say me because I want to win this game. You? You sexually harassed somebody? It was a stupid misunderstanding. Sheila, is everything all right? No, it's not. My cat died. - See your noodle baum?{\pas sûr de la VO} - That's Debbie's cat. She's an idiot. My cat was named Meow is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country. I just called him Meow. But Meow he's dead. He loved puns. I'm so sorry, Sheila. You look like you could use a hug. That's okay. I'm not really a physically affectionate kind of person. Don't be such a tough guy. Everyone needs a hug sometime. See? Doesn't this feel good? We call this a midwestern handshake. That doesn't sound so sexual. It was just a hug that drifted boobwardly. Apparently, later I got, as Sheila's complaint says, "more molest-y." - Linda, what are you doing? - I've been thinking about you all day. Ooh, man. You're tense. - Linda, I... - Relax, Sheila. Don't fight it. - "Don't fight it"? - Hindsight is 20/20, isn't it, Mr. "Never accidentally fondled anyone"? These words have never been used where someone isn't being sexually harassed. What am I gonna do? I could lose my job over this. I'll go talk to Sheila and straighten it out. {\In the meantime, }Try to act like a gentleman. Just remember, every woman here is someone's wife or daughter. I realize it was a little awkward, but Linda was just trying to comfort you. - It wasn't comforting to me. - But it was just a misunderstanding. You haven't worked here that long, and you don't know Linda. If you did, you'd know how clumsy and accidentally predatory she can be. You two should really get to know each other, get better acquainted. You want Linda and me to get better acquainted? Sure. Maybe go out sometime after work, have some fun. I could come, too, if you want. All three of us could do it. I don't think that would be a good idea. Come on. Don't fight it. Wait. "Don't fight it"? You'd be surprised how easily that phrase just slides right outta you. Sheila claims you propositioned her for a threesome. I work full-time and I have an 8-year-old daughter. I don't even have the energy for a one-some. This is crazy. - I'm gonna go talk to her. - No. Now I know it's against your nature to sit idly by while Gotham is in peril, but you have to sit this one out. I'll take care of it. As a very stupid man once said, "don't fight it." {\pos(192,220)}They took our robot vacuum{\ to transportation}, but they forgot his extra battery pack. {\pos(192,220)}We want to get it to him before he leaves for the farm. Right the farm. Here, I'll make sure he gets it. - We'll give it to him. - So if you could tell us where it is, because the guys in transportation said there is no farm. Jerks. - There is a farm, right? - Right? - There's a farm. Tell us there's one. - There's a farm. There's a farm. Where did they take him, you son of a bitch? I mean... My immediate superior! Guys, I'm sorry. I was trying to protect you from this, but... The truth is, when robots are no longer needed, they're sent down to the subbasement to be broken down and used for parts. I think I'm going to be sick. I feel like my heart has been kicked in the testicles. I'd like to talk to the lawyer in charge of employee sexual harassment. Mr. Thomas, he's not here. - Will he be back soon? - That depends on his willingness to accept the things he cannot change... wait. His willingness to change what he accepts... The wisdom... I don't know. He's a drunk. He's in rehab. Again. It's nice how you honor his struggle. He does this five times a year, The company can't fire him 'cause he has a disease. He also has a disease? Poor drunk. No, that's his disease. He's an alcoholic. As long as he's in treatment, they can't touch him. The next day, Veronica made a startling announcement.</i> Great news. You both have a disease. - You would be a terrible doctor. - I convinced the company... To classify sexual harassment as a disease. That way, anyone accused of it can't be fired or punished in any way. I don't want a sex disease, especially one That's assigned to me by my supervisor. Nonsense. The company loved the idea. Now it can't be sued because the harasser isn't responsible For his or Linda's actions. Plus, several of the executives have their own grope-y, Squeezy, unzippy problems, and now their jobs are safe, too. This is ridiculous. I didn't do anything. I have no disease. Ted, I'm a hero upstairs. Don't ruin this for me. All you two have to do is go to harassment seminars. We have to go to harassment seminars? I have a daughter. I speak evasive mumble. Just until you learn how to control your perverse impulses. I'm not going to a harassment seminar. I am gonna fight these charges. Yeah, me, too. I don't like other ladies' breasts. Some days, I don't even like my own breasts. - Mostly, they're awesome. - You'll get no argument from me. And you two don't think you need a seminar. Look, if you fight this and lose, you could be fired. I don't want to lose my job. What am I supposed to do? Go back to Wisconsin, work in the cheese mines? After I made that big speech, threw down my cheese shovel and stormed out? All you have to do, is complete the stupid seminar, The whole thing 'll be expunged from your records. And you'll get a keepsake-quality seminar diploma... Also my idea. I was on fire up there. Look. All these innocent machines hacked to pieces. It's like "the Texas chainsaw massacre" If somebody massacred the chainsaws. Chumley. Oh! Look at him. They've ripped the D.C. Solenoids from his relay module As if he were an animal. We can put him back together. I fixed my marriage with mechanical attachments. I can fix this. I'm Denise, your sexual harassment educator, and you are the deviants. So let's meet each other, shall we? Ted, why are you here? Because Sheila's cat died, this one got grabby, And some of the nonsense splattered on me. Bottom line... I am not a harasser. - Neither am I. - Yeah, I don't belong here either. Although I would be open to some private tutoring. I'm innocent, too. I just tripped and grabbed some chick's boobs to keep from falling. Plus, she wanted it. Is there any way I can complete this course over the internet? You all think you're innocent. That's part of the disease. - I don't have a disease. - That's another part of the disease. Ted's really not a harasser. If anything, he's too repressed. You are. Okay, well, that makes perfect sense. You sexually harass women, because your emotions are so bottled up. They explode inappropriately. Okay, how do I convince you that I am ready to graduate from this league of extraordinarily perverted gentlemen? You'll have to prove you can express your emotions, more honestly. Use, "I" statements, like "I feel sad" or "I feel angry." Well, if that gets me out off here, then I feel like I can do that. That doesn't sound emotionally honest to me. It really doesn't. Fine. I am going to be so emotionally honest, I could have my own daytime talk show. "Ted!" With an exclamation point. No band, no cooking segments. Just me and the topic wheel. And, yes, I have thought about this before. And, yes, I am taking this seriously. While Linda and I were suffering through sexual harassment class,</i> Veronica was discovering her new policy was having an unexpected effect.</i> Once people realized, they couldn't be fired for harassment,</i> They started to take chances and flirt more.</i> I'm a genius. My bosses are happy, the cubicle smurfs are happy, And the sexual tension between the janitors has finally been resolved. No, not everyone's happy. I have to get all open and girlie with my coworkers, because some crystal-work-shipping feelings-hound, thinks I'm repressed. - Pshew. Pshew. Pshew. Pshew. - What are you doing? That's the sound of me deflecting your whiny bitching with my happiness shield. Hey. It's the girl from my seminar. I've been thinking about you. - Well, don't. - Fine. Let's keep it professional. 50 bucks if you show me your boobs. - $10 if you just say the word "boobs." - Really? $10 just to say... Hey, wait a minute. That's gross. Our goofball teacher was right. What you're doing right now isn't about sex. It's about power. How about if I did that to you? I'll give you $10 to say boobs. - Boobs. - Okay, that wasn't good. How about this? Your junk has been neglected for so long, That if someone called social services, they'd take it away. - They would not. - Hey! I hurt your feelings? So what else we got here? Let's keep working the junk. That looks like one package I'd be disappointed to open Christmas morning. That's right. Because it's undesirable. It's the saddest, loneliest inch in the whole world. It is not! You're mean. I'm gonna report you. Go ahead. I can say whatever I want. I have a disease. Mama's gonna have fun with this. - That's the last piece. - This must be how Dr. Frankenstein felt And that creepy scientist on the fourth floor who tried to build a wife out of mannequin parts and chicken skin. That was awkward at the party when we had to pretend she didn't smell like chicken. Let's test him. He is back and suckier than ever! What's he doing here? This is my floor now. Don't you get it? It's not about machines anymore. Now it's about guys with mops. Don't worry. He's jealous because your smile is permanent, and his only comes when he's happy. He peed coffee in my face from his mouth! Anyway, Steve, I just want you to know that you keeping things so clean, makes me feel like I'm cared for. Thanks, Ted. I really appreciate that. But... you know I'm with Willy now. That's right. I heard. So anyway, speaking of gay, would you mind signing this form saying I was emotionally expressive? While I was wiping down the office with my emotions,</i> Veronica was realizing her genius idea had one fatal flaw.</i> It was stupid. Thanks, guys, I feel appreciative And I'm happy that... You say you wouldn't talking like that if we signed. - So what do you need? - We found and reassembled Chumley, - but something's different. - He came back wrong. We need to have access to the robots lab, so we can replace his diflossoroid dual-cacheing processor... or insides. Guys, it's a shop-vac. You gotta let it go. He's more than that. He's got lights where his eyes would be, - and a smile where we drew it. - If your friend Ryan Seacrest was sick, - You wouldn't turn your back on him. - We're not friends. Really? We always thought you guys were friends. But I always kinda picture you playing volleyball. Another loss. I'm sorry. - I feel sorry that I walked into you. - It was my fault. Mr. Stewart took a bunch of us girls to lunch. I had four glasses of wine and a chocolate souffle, which was yummy. You're yummy. My underwear is in my purse right now. I feel happy that you think I'm yummy. But also sad that if I do anything about it, I'll have to spend the rest of my life in harassment seminars. Isn't it funny how the word "harassment" has "her ass" in it? Do you know what else could have her ass in it? You. I can't quite picture that, but I feel like I must leave. Everyone's taking advantage of the new policy. It's like mating season out there... All hands and tongues and sweat and grinding. - It's kinda hot, actually. - I know. A beautiful woman just called me yummy. - I like being called yummy. - You are yummy. So are you. And since I have to be emotionally honest, I want to take off my underwear and put it in your purse. I don't know what that means, you sick, sexy bastard, but it's flipping my switches. What are we doing? We're like everyone else around here, acting like horny idiots. God, my policy is a disaster. I'm a terrible executive. No, you are not. You're one of the best executives ever. You're as good as Steve Jobs or Lee Iacocca or... Field Marshal Rommel? He was a brilliant tactician who looked magnificent in jodhpurs. - I'm picturing you in jodhpurs. - So am I, And I'll bet he didn't wear a thong underneath his. I'd really like to see that thong. What a happy coincidence. It's in the mood for receiving guests. Hi, Daddy. It's my snack break. Hi, Veronica. You guys are acting weird. In ten years, honey, you'll look back on this moment and think, oh! Sheila, I can't find my budget report. Do you know where... There's a spider. - It's coming right down on you. - Where? Hold still. I'll get it. What are you doing? What the hell? I can't help it. I have a disease. Quit it. You must be, like, 90% body fat, but me likey. That isn't harassment. Harassment is supposed to be sexy. You're not even doing it right. Thanks, Linda. Recently, I've been very fortunate to spend time with some major perverts. And it's made me realize, I should've respected your boundaries. That's okay. I may have overreacted. Did you hear that? Somewhere a butt is being smacked against its will... A feel is being copped, A well-endowed woman is being asked if she gives fries with that shake, and so... that is where I am needed. Impressed by Linda's heroism, Sheila decided to drop the charges against us.</i> I don't care what Ted says. We have to do whatever it takes - to get Chumley well. - I agree. It's attacking my foot! Kill it! Stab it in the brain! Don't ask me to choose between you two! Ultimately, I would've chosen you. And I'm not saying that because you're the one who survived. And I choose to believe that. Boy, bringing things back from the dead never goes smoothly. Thank you, Carlos. I'm just a man with a mop. That's what we do. Phil and Lem finally realized they'd also been having</i> an inappropriate relationship with a coworker.</i> As for the other inappropriate relationships,</i> Well, thanks to Rose walking in on us, Veronica and I figured out a way to end those, too.</i> Here it comes, the parade of children.</i> Nothing kills sex drive faster than having kids around.</i> After-care agreed to march them through at random times for exercise. Children, they have so many uses. They're like adorable swiss army knives. Although they can't open wine worth a damn. Listen, about what happened in my office... Forget it, Ted. There was too much sex in the air. But we're like Rommel and Patton. We respect and are even attracted to each other, but if we ever got together, it would be a bloodbath. Although feel free to look at my ass as I walk away. It's having a spectacular day. She's having a great ass day. That's what the parade's about. That's for staring at her butt. There's a new sheriff in town. Maybe sometimes I do keep my emotions bottled up inside. Maybe that's okay, especially at work.