the subject eats to taste sweet. The applications for weight loss are enormous. And while elective brain surgery doesn't taste that great it still taste better than dieting and exercise. Excellent work, everybody. Thanks for staying late. Oh, shoot. What's the matter? My driver died a few days ago, and I haven't got a replacement yet. Oh, I'm sorry... I could give you a ride home. I suppose that's ok. But I can't start you with what my old driver was getting. You don't have to pay me, I... I just thought it would be a nice thing to do. Allright. Yes. Thank you, right? Thank you? Yes. I'll go get my things. Oh, we can stop and do an errand on the way? Sure. Oh, still free. Then we pull the car around. We've never really getting along. I think maybe some one-on-one time might thaw the chill. I always thought Veronica lived here. Me too. You know, she just finds a comfortable chair and powers down for the night. Come on, we are gonna be late. You are the one who didn't want to share the bathroom mirror. Hey, guys. I thought we'd go to McTaggert's for a beer. Now, tonight, without warning? Don't you have to get home to your daughter? Nope. Her mom's visiting after a year in Botswana, which by the way is a year Botswana's never gonna get back. Anyway, they're hanging in New York for a week, until Stacy finds another country to go fix, so she doesn't have to work on herself. So... I am free. I wish my wife will go to Botswana. The thing is, we kind of have plans. Although, if you wanted to... Oh, I see. You're going some place you don't want me to come. That's cool. You'd think it was lame. I promise I wouldn't. Well, then maybe... Phil, can I talk to you for a minute? It's not about you. An occasional drink is fine, but being friends with your boss is a slippery slope. Guys, we can get past the boss thing. I consider you friends. Phil, can I talk to you a little further away for a minute? Still not about you. You think you're their friend, but when push comes to shove they're always your boss and they know it. Yes, but Ted is not like that. He's a good guy... Don't touch that! Besides there will be a lot of street crowd. It's "street cred". You know, credibility. Oh! Now that finally makes sense. Thanks for swinging by my grandmother's place, and for helping me carrying all her possessions. You're really handling all this pretty well. I can't believe your grandmother and your driver both died on the same week. What? Oh, that's funny. No, they were the same person. You hired your own grandmother to drive you around? She needed money, but she didn't want to hand out. She was a very proud woman, and a very proud driver. You wanna maybe talk about her? You know how you feeling about losing her. Oh, that's sweet, but ... No. Are you sure? I worry it could change our relationship and make it difficult to continue working together. But I suppose that's a risk I'm willing to take. Or... I could just go. Don't be silly. Let's talk. Would you like some  wine? I would like a whole bunch of wine yes. Ok, but we'll have to pour it ourselves, my housekeeper died this week. I have never been in the subbasement before. They don't want the executives down there because of all the ***. When you work for a company this intense, you have to find ways to relax. We tried the Veridian chess club, and the courting club, but those were just some meat markets. Besides, nothing release tension, like this. Welcome to Medieval Fight Club. Bosses. Everybody has one. Without bosses, we'd be like these worms... Disgusting. Bosses make everything better. So listen to your boss... and don't question them. Otherwise, you're no better than a worm. You have to fight your way up the ladder. Newbies start as peasants as farmers. Here are your soil rags. Sorry, we have to stay in character. The King is watching. Isn't it Gill, the I.T guy? In the surface world. Here he is our king. Listen fellows, this all seem really ... Cool? Sure. Let's go with cool. But I think I'm gonna take off. Ted, wait! You are the first executive that's ever been down here, you leaving like this makes us look like fools. And we haven't been fools for months. Let him go. It's not your fault. Bosses and employees shouldn't hang out. It's like a ventriloquist trying to be friends  with his dummy. At the end of the day you know who is sleeping in a suitcase. The dummy. Allright, I was the one who pushed first to hang out, so I should endure this. I mean suffer through. I mean support you. Because that's what friends do. And she married my grandfather at 18. Now my grandfather had an amazing life. He came to this country with nothing and made a huge fortune. And then one day... tragically ... he got deported. Oh, that's so sad. I have a question. We have been drinking all night. How can you be sotally tober when I'm completely ***? Oh, I have always been like this. My body just doesn't process alcohol like that. You want one of these? You want one of these? That's what I thought. Linda. My grandfather ... I never liked him. He smelled of onions and once cheated on my grandmother with Eleanor Roosevelt, who... hated men, but loved onions. Why are you telling me all of this? Because I never told anybody. I'm the one who turned him in. I had him deported. I declare Ted... the Victor, and Victor the loser. God that was fantastic. Are you allow to fitght more than once in one night? You have done well by bringing a warrior of such pluck into the fold. I told you this would work out. We haven't been this celebrated since we fixed the king's mopeen. My ex wife is spoiling hell of our daugther. I could spoil her too but one of us has to be a good parent. Really, sweety? Ice cream for breakfast. No, you're right. I don't let you do that. You know what I do let you do? Get vaccinated. Ok, I love you too Rose. That bitch is driving me crazy. Oh. Easy Hey, hey, she's 7s. Not Rose, my ex-wife. Oh, Stacy. Yes she was ... crazy. Crazy-A. Totally. You were an animal last night. Noone has ever won four battles in a row. I gotta admit this fight stuff is a blast. And It wasn't just the winning. It was the constant winning. I can't wait to get back in tongith. There's no meeting tonight. We only get the basement once a week. I took care of that. I had the AA meeting moved to the utility closet so we can have the basement. Medieval Fight Club two nights in a row. Man, my cock piece just got tighter. See, it's good to be friends with the boss, huh Phil? Well, I hate to break it to you, but we can't make it tonight. My mom's birthday. Oh, that's okay. See you next time. I can't miss MFC, it's a rumor start. Would it be weird for me to bring my mother? Yes. Morning Linda. I couldn't sleep all night. I really messed things up with Veronica. Last night she opened up and told me something very personnal. Now I know too much. What if she has me fired or deported, I mean who knows what? Hello, Linda. I need to see you in my office. Ok, you hear that everyone. Veronica, needs to see all of us in her office. No. Just you. I don't why I drink. I always end to get laid or fired. I have to start drinking. I like those odds. Linda, there is no  easy way to say this. You're firing me. No, that would be easy. You're fired. What I want to say is... I've been keeping that secret about my grandfather for years, and it felt wonderful to finally get it off my chest. Oh really? I'm glad to hear that. So thank you for listening to me. We're letting you go. What? That would be another way to say it. Anyway, I slept like a baby all night. Actually, I thought you might be afraid that I tell people your secret. Oh, I hadn't thought of that. I hadn't thought of that at all. But do what you're going to do, Linda. I'm not gonna do that. We are friends. Friends don't do things like that. Friends. I like the way that sounds. Ok, we are friends. Good. Because you can never have too many. I used to feed my sister in her sleep so she wouldn't be skinnier than me. Wow. You are my first friend that has ever done something like that. It feels so good to finally admit it to someone. Hey, let's take the morning off so we can talk some more. I take you to breakfast. Some place where the meals don't end with the word slam. I don't know.not know. I've got a lot of work to do on Doppler project. You're with the boss. Relax. Besides I can give the Doopler project to Joe. Really? Because I do hate the Doppler project. And I hate Joe. So everybody wins. No one gets in! No one gets in! Allright, I'm calling it. Did I win? Well, he didn't get in, but... no. And this defeat bring you all the way down to court jester. Ted, in order to advance to esquire there is but one knave standing in your way. I propose a mutual surrender. Valiant try, you giant ball of wuss. I declare Ted, the Victor. Hey guys, no hard feeling huh? No, we like that you're successfull at everything you do. And you realise a forfait takes you down to court jester as well. Fine, whatever. But it's going to be the same jokes you heard last night. Your hair looks nice. You like it? Veronica took us out to get our hair done. We've been spending tons, and tons, and tons of time together this week. Well, at least you two are bonding. We're not bonfing, I'm being absorbed. Well, whatever it is you doing, keep it up, because you hair looks great. You think I care what my hair looks like right now Ted? Linda then loudly explained that her hair wasn't important to her right now. Because being friends with Veronica, came at a price. Sure, there was shopping... I once slpet with my boyfriend's therapist to find out if he was cheating on me. He wasn't. And there were massages... And the I accused Omar Sharif of being a terrorist. So he'd get kicked of my hand so I could get his first class seat. And midnight girltalk. Hello? Hi, it's me. I'd asked you over, but my sister's in town for my grandmother's funeral. But the friendship came with a price. Veronica keps dumping all this stuff on me. I'm like her brain toilet. I don't know how much more I can take. Just because she is your boss doesn't mean you have to put up with it. Or jump every time she calls you. Phil, Lem! Is he coming? Jus go! Go! That's weird. I could have swore he saw me. Hey friend. I was thinking we'd have lunch today. One o'clock? Excellent. I ... I don't think that's such a good idea. Afterwork drinks? Veronica, I am sorry. It... it's just that... I see. You're dumping me. No, no! It's just... I really enjoyed spending time with you and I don't deserve this much pleasure. I know, I'm messed up. I'm just a big old buck of crazy. But I thought again, because of my own inadequacies, we should take a little break. Well, isn't that funny, because I've been wanting to take a break too. So, this works out perfectly. Goodbye. You want to take a break from Medieval Fight Club? But don't you want to see my new tunic? It has clovers on it. You bought a tunic? It's a big investment, considering that you're gonna stop coming when Rose gets home. That's right, you're gonna stop coming when Rose gets home. No way. I am hooked. I'll just get a sittera couple nights a week. But is not gonna the same without my two court jesters. The thing is... we've been under a lot of pressure from the model trainclub, to get back into that. Also I have a chance of being the first black mayor of tiny town, so... Well. I guess I can't force you to keep coming to Fight Club. Oh, by the way... I'm gonna need to see the specs on the test altering brain implant on my desk by 9 a.m. No way! We can't have it done that quickly. Well, looks like you're gonna be up all night. Although, if you had a good enough reason to not be working, I suppose I could wait a few days. Maybe the Fight Club would be a good reason? That's what I want to hear. Come on guys, it's gonna be fun. Be there or be squire! "Be there or be squire!" I said that two years ago. You were right, Lem. Its true bossy nature came through and attacked. We have to figure out a way to get Ted to drop ou the Fight Club. Yes, but how? What if we pit him against the Groth? The Groth? Well... I guess it was put on this earth for a reason. I don't think so fellows. I'm done with Medieval Fight Club. I have a girlfriend now. It's just this one time. Please, the Groth! For us? Meanwhile, it turned out Veronica didn't like taking a friendship break. Hold it! And since Veronica was the boss, she had lots of ways to make that clear. There you go Joe, enjoy your extra room. Bring him to me. You ok, Ted? You look a little nervous. You can call it off now and never come back. No, I just got off the phone with Rose. She's gonna stay a few more days in New York with her mom, who didn't clear with me first. So now, if I say no, I'm the bad guy. But... stuff happens. No biggy. Who dares challenge? What the... Linda, I feel like you've been wanting to get our relationship back the way it was. What gave you that idea? The fact that you turned my cubicle into a hobbit hole? No, let's not get into who shrunked who's office or who cancelled who's dental plan. The point is... we had something special and you'd like to get back to that. And I accept. Veronica, I'd like to be friends, but real friends don't just talk about their problems all the time. Real friends listen to each other. Okay. I'm listening now. Ok, well let's see ... here's something. When I was growing up, I wanted to be a gymnast, and every night after my parents went to sleep, I used to sneak out of bed, and put on my leotard. And one night, when I thought my parents were asleep... I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to stop you. You going on and on about yourself, it feels... needy. Needy? I tell you one thing that happened to me, one thing that's important in my life ... You're doing it again. And I find it off-putting. I'm sorry, I can't be friends with you anymore. You've changed. Hey. No, it's ok, I got it. Oh, I'm sorry. I am preoccupied. I almost killed a man in the basement. Last week, a story like that would have surprised me. So who'd you almost kill? Was it Joe? I hate that guy, he took off my cubicle. No, I've been doing that Medieval Fight Club, Since Rose has been with her mom, I... I got a littl ecarried away. Your ex wife's in town? No, no, she blew in New York for a couple of weeks. And since she's never around I have to drop everything so that Rose can go be with her. Well, when Rose gets back, she wants to stay up late, have ice cream for breakfast, and then I don't let her because I'm an actual parent not Willy Wonka, so I'm the bad guy. Rose gets mad at me and... I'm going back to the basement. Why? Is your ex-wife down there? What? Because it sounds that's who you've been fighting all week. Either that or you turned into some gigantic nerd. First of all, you are speaking to a knight of the realm. So show some respect. Second of all, you might be right. There's a single dad's club that meets on the the fifth floor every week. Maybe you should check it out. I guess I could go beat up some single dads. That's actually what you're saying. You're smart. In the basement they'd drowned as a witch. Actually, they just would have sprayed you with water, it's more like a... Medieval wet tee-shirt. Good news, Ted. We took a vote and made you the new king. Then we took an other vote, and you died. Gloriously in battle. Listen, fellows. I owe you an apology, I've been working out some personnal stuff and I acted like a jerk. I hope I could make it up to you. Just... rest in peace, King Ted. He means... you're dead, so don't come back. I got it. Just making sure because you're a guy who can miss these odds.