-these are amazing. They're--they're all about the medicine. I mean,there's,like,no personal crap,no talk about boyfriends or feelings. She hardly even mentions you. Yes,thank you for pointing that out. What about when she held the retractor for six hours without moving? But if you're a surgeon... even that comfort is taken away from you. They're like the har potter books I never had. Hey,did you read the part when she did the pyloric stenosis on the 3-week-old baby? Surgeons cheat death. We prolong it,we deny it. Hold on. He's in v-fib. Charge to 300. clear. Up to 360. Clear. We stand and defiantly give death the finger. He's good. Let's go. hey,you're late. She has skills lab. Good morning,cristina. It feels like minutes. -See you later? -No,no,tucker.I did not say i won't do the marriage counseling. I'm saying I can't do it in the mornings again. I'm now 20 minutes late for work. O-okay. I'll see you tonight. Marriage counseling-- how's that going? you just heard us arguing about the marriage counseling. How do you think it's going? no. You're doing a craniotomy on my patient rosemary bullard today. Now are you gonna be awake for that,or will you be yawning into her brain? Meredith kept me up most of the night. I don't want to hear about your dirty,nasty-- talking on the phone with cristina. And they stole your sleep? Did you say yang goes or I go? I don't think I'd win that one. those two come as a set. You should know that by now. -Before she had burke. Burke helped. -True. I think counseling's a good move. Addison and I did counseling. Right before you got divorced! Ladies and gentlemen,allow me to introduce... stan. A state-of-the-art,computerized patient simulator. Stan can educate you in airway management,trauma assessment and care. He breathes,he pulsates,he seizes,he hemorrhages,he secretes and he speaks. Hello,stan. Hello,doctor. I'm not feeling well. stan will tell you what he needs,and he's more forgiving than most patients. You kill him,he'll keep coming back for more. So make good use of him,people. We're operating on robots now? -Can we please go back to pigs? -Yeah,what about people? Uh,when the chief decides which one of you gets to do the first solo surgery, you'll want to be ready. wait,did you just say solo surgery? I do not know what it will be. I do not know when it will be. I do know that the winner should be prepared to do any surgical procedure and will choose one intern to scrub in. So practice your skills,impress your attendings and just do not make me look stupid. Uh,grey,stevens,you're with hahn. Yang,the pit. Karev and o'malley,you're skills lab today,so you can take turns getting to know- - dibs!Mine! I am having chest pain. So just to be clear,we are not cracking open any chests today? No,stevens. It's just that with the solo surgery coming up, we were kinda hoping to be on a cool surgical something-- right,I'm gonna stop you right there. Listen,I don't get attached to patients,but I like this guy. And I have spent almost two years giving his family hope and then taking it away. This procedure can buy him time until he can get another shot at a transplant. So we need to make sure it works,okay? -Absolutely. -Of course. You've familiarized yourself with the case? Yeah,michael norris-- 44-year-old male with congenital hypertrophic cardiomyopathy who has failed medical treatment at seattle pres. He's been waiting on a heart transplant since narrowly missing out on one on may 14th of two thousand-- wait,wait. -What? -May 14th what? What? That'S... that's denny's heart. That's theeart I stole for denny. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Sync:YTET-Âí´ó´ó °îÖíÖí</font> greys.anatomy. Season 5 Episode 7</font> I need you to have sex with cristina yang. Good morning. Distract her. Engage her. Give her something to do after midnight besides call my girlfriend and wake me up. Yang? No. No,too serious,humorless,un-fun-- not my type. Yang should be youtype. She's intense,intelligent,complicated. She's like a single malt scotch,and you're used to beer bongs. Callie torres is no beer bong. Oh,you know,wait a minute. I get it. You don't think you have a shot. You're probably right. Oh,I have a shot. -Then try it,as a favor. -No.I'm not your stud horse. You can't just--just tell me who to sleep-- you slept with my wife. yeah,I'll give it a shot. ***okay,good. Are you guys shooting drugs? Oh,my god. No. We're practicing I.V.S. How else are we supposed to learn? Yang never lets us do anything. So you're practicing on each other. We did it at baylor. It's cool. No,it's not cool. It's crazy. It's,like,creepy-basement crazy. D-don't tell anyone. Don't worry. She won't tell. ah,Dr. Hunt. Got a second? It's about to get a little loud in here,sir,but shoot. Uh,listen,we're getting ready to award the first solo surgery to a second-year resident. I want your take. Uh-- unidentified male,mid-30s,lost vitals in the field,shocked him back into sinus tach. Possible fractures in both arms,unstable pelvis. okay,on three. Two,three. Good,go. Open right tib/fib,rigid abdomen. -What doesn't this guy have? -Found him under a freeway overpass. Cops think someone threw him over. After they beat him half to death? So it's a contest,the solo surgery? You have fresh eyes. You don't know them personally. You don't have any history,any relationship. That perspective is rare here. I'll give it some thought. Oh,Dr. Webber,I was just wondering,uh,regarding the solo surgery, I presume it's gonna be a,um,general surgery? I just wanted to be prepared. You'll know when you all know. And one more thing,if my E.R. Reports are right,you've been working for three days straight. When do you sleep? You keep tabs on all your attendings,or just the new guys? -his I.V. Blew. -Yang,he needs that access now. Yes,I'm doing it,sir. This will buy him some time until you get that line in. if you were less worried about winning contests,you might have thought of it. So you're... gonna give me a-a heart attack,literally? Uh,it's a technique called alcohol ablation, uh,through a catheter in your femoral artery. Dr. Hahn will inject ethanol straight into youreart. The alcohol will incinerate any tissue cells it touches. Dr. Stevens? w-we're gonna be burning away the muscle in your ventricle that's, um,blocking your ability to get oxygen. If we're successful,you should feel immediate relief,so... just like that,I'll... be able to breathe? just like that. -And--and he can't be asleep during the procedure? -I'm afraid not. Dr. Stevens here will be asking you to cough,inhale and exhale. And checking to see if I'm dead yet? mike,stop. I mean,it... it is a heart attack,right? It's a dangerous procedure,but it's one that we can monitor and control. And if you don't have it,thnext heart attack you have-- -and you will have one-- will kill me. Promise you'll keep me awake? I don't want to miss this. I want mike's latest echo and angio before he goes to the cath lab. -Are you freaking out? -What? Why? Do you think I should be? This patient... in denny's old room? It's a lot of denny for one day,iz. It is a lot. A lot. Is it a lot of denny for you,too? I mean,how much denny are you experiencing? Iz,you can do this. My pain is getting worse. -My pain is getting worse. -I hate this. I'm not gonna win the solo surgery practicing on plastic man. You're not gonna win the solo surgery because you suck. Your bedside manner is what sucks. what? What did you say? -Ain't technology amazing? -Screw is. I'm gonna practice medicine. You go ahead and play with your doll. What's the matter,scared of a little education? You are so awesome you are so-- no! No! Stan! what does a guy have to do to get a beating this bad? maybe he'll tell us when he wakes up. Well,let's hope he makes it that long. Uh,three,run these to the lab,and then go by the morgue and get the forms for an unclaimed body. He's gonna need a chest tube,right? 'Cause I was just hoping--with the solo surgery coming up-- with the solo surgery coming up,your job is to impress me. So gO. Dr. Yang,with the solo surgery coming up,your job is to impress me. You are planning for this m's death while I am fighting for his life. I was trying to be prepared. I'm sorry. I can't use sorry. I could use a doctor. Be one. The kind of metastases you have are prone to spontaneous bleeding. So there are considerable risks to the surgery. -Are you saying this one might be dicier? -Might be a little dicier? Much dicier than previous surgeries. I want to be clear. You can live with this tumor for months if not longer. Not--not like this. Not feeling this bad. I understand that risks are part of the package. That's why you people make me go cross-eyed signing all these forMs. you're signing a "do not resuscitate" order? If it's my time to go-- she doesn't want to be on a life support kind of thing. -She'd hate that. -I'd just hate lying around like that. -I don't want that. -Okay. -Good-bye,darling. -Good-bye,love. Oh,sorry. We... we do this every time. she signs the paper,we kiss good-bye,and then after the surgery,we say hello again. Well,that sounds like a plan to me. You rest up. We'll be bringing you up soon. okay. That there is the holy grail of marriage. Something to aspire to. What happens to them? You sign,the attending signs,pink copy goes in his charT. No,I-I-I mean the bodies,the--the unclaimed bodies. What happens to them? Well,if they remain unclaimed for a certain amount of time, they're cremated--the ones that haven't been preserved. Preserved? For medical research-- gross anatomy,surgical study-- that sort of thing. -For,like,med students? -Exactly.For med stu-students. To practice on? You're pretty. thank you all for being here. I appreciate the opportunity to learn,and I'm sorry you had to die. Oh,uh,uh,instrument trays. hold compressions. We got a rhythm. We've got to get him up to surgery. He's bleeding through his leg splint. So the chief asked me to watch the second years for the solo surgery. What's your take,as a class? They're a mixed bag. Yang's very good. She's,uh,hard-core. She'll be a cardio god. -She's my roommate,actually. -And stevens? She's smart,good with patients,very compassionate... supposedly. She did sleep with my ex-husband while we were still married. You know what? I'm more interested in the doctor part. Right.Yeah. Obviously. Of course. new scans. Good. There's a splenic subcapsular hematoma-- I can look.Go update his chart. Dr. Yang,you paged me? Uh,yeah,patient,trauma one. Aw,you paged me for a consult? I was hoping you wanted to see me. I did. Uh,uh,the patient has a shattered nose and cheekbones and a fractured left mandible. Trauma one. Okay,mike,the catheters are in. It's time to inject. Okay,just hold tight. Stevens,over here,please. I specifically chose you for this case because you connect well with patients. yeah,that's actually something I've been told to work on not doing. Mike needs you talking to him. He's scared,his pulse is elevating. Step up. okay. Oh,yeah. hey,mike. U're doing great. you're gonna feel a little bit of burning. Well,then we get--oh! Oh,there it is. Oh,god. Try not to move. Um,try--try to lay still,mike,and try to breathe. make it stop. Make it stop. Mike,we can't stop,but it's gonna end soon,so just hang in there. -Stevens,talk to him. -I'm--I'm sorry. -Okay,grey,how is his pressure? -85 systolic. -Open up his I.V -stens,talk to him!Help him! stevens,get him to cough,get him to breathe. -Stevens! -pressure's stabilizing. okay,how you doin',mike? I still... can't breathe. does that mean we're not successful? mike,there were two arterial routes I could choose. The next time we do this,I think-- no,I can'T.I won't do this again. Please,I can't-- I can't do this again. I'm sorrY. I'm so sorry. Tell stevens to find me so I can permanently throw her off my service. Dr. Hahn,I know you have a history with this patient, but in a weird way,izzie does,too. A history,with my patient? No,with denny duquette. Tell her to find me. the tumor's position has been altered. I need an ultrasound localization. Took care of my yang problem,by the way. Already? that sounds too easy. If it doesn't feel like work,it's not going to work. Where'd you learn that,hmm,marriage counseling? of course not. It's a complete wastof time. This couple,the bullards,I bet they never got counseling. They just take their bad with the good. damn it. The tumor's hemorrhaging. Her brain's starting to swell. Push 70 of the mannitol. She's bradying down. Uh,1 of atropine. Let's make sure these two get a chance to say hello again. -have you seen izzie? -no You got anything I can scrub in on? Robo patient sucks. -Listen,izzie is having a rough day,so if you see her, -don't-- no,no,no,I'm having a rough day. What happened? Hunt. Hunt hates me. I mean,he hates me. He kissed you. S,uh,that was,I don't know,before. Now he hates my guts. This is worse than hahn. I mean,I-I have no idea what I did or--or said or what... I gotta get off this case. Dr. Yang... our guy is scheduled for surgery,and I want to know when I'm gonna see you next. Uh,he's not stable yet. Well,then we might have time to-- uh,I just got paged down. This does not happen to me. Bow to me,for I am the queen of the interns. I have assembled an army of the dead to teach us things. Cadavers-- I got us cadavers to practice on,a whole bunch of 'em. You got cadavers,human cadavers? They're down in the tunnels. We'll meet there for lunch. Let me ask you something. Do you know if izzie stevens had some sort of a relationship with denny duquette? what,you mean bides the engagement,oh, and the cutting of his l-vad wire so she could move him up the transplant list? What,you didn't know about this? Izzie was on probationary leave. She was,like,nearly kicked out of the program. -I forget you weren't here then. -No,I wasn'T. I was at another hospital watching my patient's heart get stolen out of his chest. Did you page me down here for sex? 'Cause I'm not really in the mood. Want to see some dead guys? -Why? -Come on. Why would you say that? Why? Cadavers... for practice... -what? -For the solo surgery. What is this? I ard u were having a crappy day. I thought this would cheer you up. what? it's like a bouquet of corpses. That is so,um,I'm sorry. No. That's crazy. He's dead. He is dead. Just so many dead people today. These are for interns. Go play with the dummy! ah,come on! I cannot help it. I'm dying. But I'm applying pressure. There must be something you're forgetting. Oh,for crying out loud! I'm surprised you even passed your intern exam. Oh,my god. I'm sorry. I couldn't resist. chief,I have to talk to you. hey,hahn. Come in. I want you to watch this. Let's blow an artery. I'm bleeding out. I'm bleeding out. It's about izzie stevens and denny duquette. how is stevens still working here? How is seattle grace still accredited? This whole thing goes unreported? It's no wonder this place is number 12. What kind of hospital are you running? You want to stop right there,erica. I want an ethics review panel assembled. I want stevens' role in this investigated, and bailey's as well,because she was her superior. -Slow down,erica. -No. My patient lost a heart over this,richard! -Someone is damn well gonna lose their job. -Stop! We're not digging this up. It didn't go unreported. It was reported to me. I dealt with it. Stevens was punished. She's learned from her mistake. And she is on her way to becoming an excellent surgeon. That's the kind of hospital I'm running. Now this issue has been laid to rest. It's in the past,and that's where it's gonna stay. It is not in the past for me. It's lying on a bed in the I.C.U. About to die. Then your only responsibility is to make sure that doesn't happen. It was a difficult surgery,especially at her age. We're not sure how she's gonna respond. Oh,sure. The waiting is always the hard part. Ed,she might not make it through the night. I know. I know. Iz. You hiding from hahn? sure. Her,too. Is mike okay? No,the ablation failed. And he's refusing to try again,so hahn'S... um,you should go talk to her. I stole his heart,meredith. I stole it for denny. I stole it for myself. And now I'm supposed to hold his hand while we torture him? I can't even look at him. It's my fault that he's here. So anyway... I'm hiding. Yang,suction here,please. Sloan's coming in for the mandibular repair? sorry about before. Everybody's,uh,up in everybody else's business around here,you know? Better to keep things professional if you can. Yes. 'Cause one minute you're working with people, and then you're friends with them and then you're whatever, and then suddenly there's all this pressure to define what you are, like it's all black-and-white.You're either this or you're that. You are aware that you're doing it again,right? Dr. Hunt,how's our mystery man? Still with us.He's a fighter. Hate to be the other guy. Callie. Dr. Yang,I know cracking chests is more your thing, but you'd be surprised how exciting it can be when I manipulate a little skin. Actually,Dr. Yang,why don't you just scrub out?We've got enough hands in here. Okay. Oh,hey.I heard he went up.Can I scrub in? Oh,shut it.If i'm not in,you're not in. God,you stink. - I showered.- You smell like formaldehyde. Why do you smell like death? Why do you smell like death? Uh... - I see dead people.- get out. I need off my hunt case,so in a one-time-only offer, I'm gonna trade you my beaten-to-a-pulp traumapalooza patient for no less than, uh,three of your cadavers. Pony up. Deal,take three I need to be with people-- preferably live people-- but whatever. Alex,by the way,thank you for bringing me the corpses. It was very sweet. Dr. Hunt and Dr. Sloan are still operating. - Do you think I could try- no. Hey,so check this out,my dead mommy taught me a cool way to hold these instruments. If youalm it,you can switch off faster. When your dead mommy teaches you things,can you see her? No. I'm reading her journals. DuH.I was kidding...****** I did see her once,though,and that bomb squad guy... and denny. Today? No. I was dead at the time. I still feel my mom with me sometimes. I gotta get off this case. - Could I- no. Please don't be in there. Dr. Hahn,I came to apologize and ask if I could please be let off your service. No. If I can convince mike to have another ablation, you're gonna be there to see him through,to look him in the eye, to help him through the pain that you have caused him. And if he dies,I want you there for that,too,because you're responsible. He decided. He won't do another procedure. I'm going to... go check him out. Dr. Stevens... she'll be okay. This has... this has been coming for a long time. She'll be okay.She'll... she'll move on. If you die... she will not get over it. She will not move on. She'll think she can,she'll even think she has,and then... out of the blue,you'll be right there with her, so close she'll think she can touch you,and then all of this will just... be happening for her all over again. And she will not be able to move on. they're--they're not doing anything. Make them do something.They're just standing around. Mr. Bullard,they're keeping her comfortable. That's all they can do. You and rosie agreed there would be no extreme measures taken if her time came. - Well,her time is here.- What's g on? Uh,she's coding,and Mr. Bullard is reconsidering the D.N.R. Order. Ed,this is what I warned you about,this moment. Even if we try to resuscitate her,I'm not sure she's gonna wake up again. Nothing more we can do. rosie. rosie? Honey? Rosie? no. no.Stay with me,rosie. Rosie? Stay with me. Don't leave me,rosie. stay with me,rosie. Don't leave me.Stay with me. Stayith me,rosie. Stay with me.Come back,rosie. Don't leave me.Stay with me. Don't leave me.Stay with me,rosie.Stay with me. stay with me.Don't leave me,rosie. No... Mr. Bullard... - do something for her then.Do something.- I'm so sorry.Mr. Bullard. - No!- No! - Now--just- let m be. Please,rosie.Please. I'm glad you decided to try again. You can thank Dr. Stevens. It's her fault we're here,right? Vitals are stable.He's ready for the injecti. All right.Alcohol is going in. Oh,wait.Wait,don'T. Mike,look at me. Just stay with me. It's going to hurt,but not as much as you think it's going to. okay,he's in S.V.T. There may be alcohol backing into his A.V. Node. Get him to cough.Get him to breathe. Mike,you need to breathe. Cough for me. Look at me,mike.look at mE. he's in v-tach,losing consciousness. All right,push 100 of lidocaine.get the pacer ready. oh,N.It's lexie. I gotta go. Beaten-to-a-pulp guy is coding. Oh,no. Pulp guy is mine. We traded. why didn't you put in a chest tube? Well,I was-- I don't know how. What do you mean,you don't know how? I mean,I learned that in my first week. Yes,you learned,you know. But I will never know because you not only won't let me try one, but you--you hog all our robots and you steal our corpses. Dude,I think you broke her. Vitals are stable for now. - Was there this much blood in his urine before?- No. Well,he's gonna need a bedside cystogram. - Dibs on that.- No,no,no,it's mine,and his bladderepair is mine,too. - No,we traded for him.I get his bladder.- No,no,you see No,we never traded,and just to prove yourong,three, next time this guy crashes,you put in his chest tube. Get away from that man right now. - Uh,he was crashing,so we upped his dopamine and gave- are yodeaf,karev? I said sp away from him. I'm just saying that we were saving his life. No,what you did was pick over him like vultures, like a bunch of children fighting over toys. What you did was treat a man that's fighting to live as if he's already dead. You have no sense,no decency and no respect! Just get out.Just get out of here. ed... rosemary's gone. Her heart is no longer beating on its own. The second you stop doing what you're doing,it will stop. I-I can't be the one... to let her go... to let her die. I... I know. I know you can'T. Here you go.Sit down. Sit down. Dr. Bailey. all right,let's get the crash cart in here. mike... open your eyes. Just stay here with me. I need you to fight,mike. Fight to stay with elyse. You have to live through this. You need to breathe right now. Right now! Right now! you don't have to do it. Let me. Let me. ********  Ng,I'll need you to,uh,bring me the post-op report on our beating victim before you leave tonight. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.Did you say something? Yang,what is wrong with you? Sir? I've had women opt for needless elective buttock enhancement surgery just for another chance to be flirted with by me. So what's your deal? I have no idea what you're talking about. I've been hitting on you all day. oh. I...Really? Excuse me. it was a stupid idea. it wasn't even my idea.It was shepherd's idea. Oh,come on. That woman is not a single malt scotch,my friend. She is bad,cheap wine that gives you a headache you can feel in your teeth. Oh,Dr. Hunt. Any thoughts on the second years after today? It's only been a day,sir. Well,of course. They're undisciplined,inarticulate,and they have a lot to learn about respect. Mostly,they're more interested in their personal crap than in anything else, and I'm not sure that they're being taught anything different. Honestly,I'm not sure I'll be staying on. Excuse me,sir. Tell me I am not seeing what I'm seeing. Tell me I am not seeing a roomful of human bodies half-open,scattered and forgotten about. They're unclaimed bodies. Unclaimed? Each of one of these people was loved. Each one of these people was somebody's somebody,so we are responsible for treating them as such. We claim them and treat them with respect! Close them up,cover them up,and put them back where they belong. Now! The wife's here,of the beating victim. - She I.D.'Ed her husband,so she wanted to- what's his name? I wondered if you asked r her husband's name so that he could become a person to you. They're all people,yang. This is not a game or a contest or a competition to see who gets a surgery and who don'T. They're people,and we get to save them. Now you're good.You're excellent. You could win all the contests,but if that's why you're doing this,then you shouldn't be. So did you find out his name? My dad died when I was 9,in a car accident. I was with him in the car. While we waited for the ambulance,I tried to keep his chest closed so he wouldn't bleed so much. When he died... my hands... felt his heart stop beating. That's why I do this. It's also why I win all the contests. The patient's name is tom. single malt scotch. We're born,we live,we die. Sometimes not necessarily in that order. clear! yes! You don't get to die! nice job. Oh,hi. Um...thanks.I,uh... you know,he's just a robot. Uh,I want to take back what I said before about leaving. I was overreacting.I was just... it was personal,and I wondered if you could just forget about it. Get some sleep,Dr. Hunt. See you tomorrow. Chief? Good save,o'malley. Thank you. We put things to rest... Only to have them rise up again. I'm in. "so I ended my day with a segmental colectomy. " Oh,badass. Oh,sloan? Seriously? what?Oh,did you think we'd double-date? - Look,I'm gonna take my pants off,so unless you want to stay and see- nope. I'll see it later. I'm gonna go downstairs. So if death is not the end,what can you count on anymore? So how's your patient doing? Well,he still needs a heart,but I bought him some time. Good,I'm glad. I went to the chief about izzie stevens,and he completely shut me down. Well,we'll see what he says when I report this to U.N.O.S. Wait,why? What...what good would come of that? What do you mean? What possible good would it do? I mean,would it benefit your patient's outcome or-- my patient wouldn't be here if it wasn't for her. So you're gonna report this to U.N.O.S.And cost this hospital its transplant certification, cost our patients organs,cost people their jobs,cost izzie stevens her career? Wait,so you're taking izzie stevens' side in this over mine? She's a doctor,one of our doctors. There's a reason we have each others' backs,erica. Oh,please do not talk to me about a code,because this is not that. No,this is that. Look,I don't know what happened between denny duquette and izzie stevens that night, but unless you were in the middle of that situation, I don't see how you can make a judgment. Easy.There's right and there's wrong. And this was wrong and illegal. There is no gray area here you can't kind of think this is okay. You can't kind of side with izzie stevens. And you can't kind of be a lesbian. Yes,I can. Because you sure can't count on anything in life. I can't believe I didn't know this. - Erica,the chief is right.- No,you. I don't know you at all. Life is the most fragile,unstable,unpredictable thing there is. No. No. You can't be here. I have to move on.I... I love you,and I will always love you,but I have to move on. That's why I had that patient today and that'S... why I helped save his life,so that I wouldn't feel guilty anymore and I can move on. So please... you have to go. Go where? are you okay? Yes. Yes. I am totally okay. I'm fine.Everything's fine. - I have to change,but I'll meet you at the bar,okay?- All right. Okay. In fact,there's only one thing about life we can be sure of... are you sure you're okay?