He threw the first punch. I should talk to him? Mr. Torres-- she's my only little girl, george. -The minute you hurt her-- I'm engaged. I broke up with owen. defeat isn't an option... not for surgeons. We don't back away from the table till the last breath's long gone. "Terminal's" a challenge. "Life-threatening's" what gets us out of bed in the morning. We're not easily intimidated... we don't flinch... we don't back down... and we certainly don't surrender... not at work anyway. Does it bother you that I don't want to wear it? Because I... I could. I don't want you to wear it. You' not a ring bride. What? I'M... not really A... church-wedding bride or a poofy-white-dress bride either. We'll get naked and get married in a field of flowers. I'm not a naked bride. What about scrubs? We can get married in scrubs. -Ooh, now there's a wedding I could get into. -We gotta go. so I told izzie she could help out with the wedding. Helps keep her mind off of everything. And I'll tell her about the scrubs and the no church. I guess we have a theme-- simplicity. you know, maybe they could make you a bouquet of scalpels and clamps. Oh, yeah, that would be fun. I think I would have to run it by izzie first. Yeah. I don't feel anything. Nothing? No anger? Happiness? Unhappiness? Guilt? Survivor's guilt? You know, it's very common with veterans. It's not about my platoon. You have shoved your feelings aside for so long. I'm asking you to claim them. And, owen... this is about your platoon. it's about the fact that I tried to choke my girlfriend to death. What, are you saying the way I feel about my platoon and the way I feel about what hapned with cristina are the same? They're not the same. Well, how will you know if you can't name those feelings? That's not what it'S... it'S... I don't know. what do you mean, you don't deliver dresses? Just to try on? No, no, no. I-I can't come in. I-I have cancer. I'm--I'm bed-bound and dying. fabulous. I will fax you my choices. Hi. Uh, what do you need-- blood, pee? What can I get you? No, just checking in on you. See how the chemo's sitting. Fine. I haven't puked yet, and I'm making major progress on mer's wedding. You should really take it easy. The chemo's gonna take a lot out of you. I'll let you know if I hit the wall. Hello. Hi, yes. I wanted to discuss, um, flower arrangements. she needs to save her energy. This isn't just chemo. It's high-dose I.L.-2. It's designed to make the body attack itself. she's walking around now, but it's not gonna last. Her blood pressure's gonna tank, she'll be shaking with chills, she'll be nauseous. She might even have a heart attack. believe me, a few hours from now... izzie stevens is gonna wish she were dead. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Sync:YTET-Âí´óÅÚ</font> greys.anatomy. Season 5 Episode 20</font> hey, he here yet? If you're talking about calliope's dad, then the answer is, I don't know. 'Cause I'm not going to meet him because we just started dating and it's way too soon. And torres is okay with that? Yeah, he, her idea. The man's here for one day, then he's gone. No muss, no fuss. run. Run for your life. What do you mean, run for my life? Dad! Give me one reason I shouldn't kill you right now. -Dad, stop it. -He committed adultery. Who hasn't? I slept with him before we were divorced. So technically, george isn't the only one who cheated. oh, god. Give me one good reason I shouldn't kill you right now. Mark sloan. Pleasure to meet you. Dad, mark is just a friend. I--I'm happy now, okay? I'm--I'm dating someone now, and I'm happy, okay? So you're dating again? Well, that's good. That's healthy. I'd like to meet this new gentleman suitor. Yeah. Yeah, no. sh--they're pretty busy, 'cause they're a doctor here. But, um... you would love them. You'll love them, because they're-- they're smart and funny and both handsome and--and--and beautiful and--and very supportive. daddy... please be okay with this. Dad... this is arizona robbins. This is who I'm dating now. And I really hope you draw the line at throwing women against walls. you paged me. Driver's face went through a side window. Thought it'd be your cup of tea. Right you are.*** what do you got? Anthony meloy, 32-year-old male pedestrian with a left arm injury and ro rash to his face d torso. Stable vitals in the field. Landed on the street after he was hitby the driver. I didn't hit him. He jumped in front of me. Dan gates--swerved after he didn't hit Mr. Maloy and sideswiped a telephone po. He's complaining of abdominal pain. Also, he has blood coming out of his left ear. He came outta nowhere. It wasn't my fault. You better give that son of a bitch a blood alcohol test. He was driving like a madman. Okay, now he's just lying. Oh, I'm lying? I'm lying? Mr. Maloy, try to stay still. There's no signof head trauma. Check out the other guy, I got it from here. let's go. -Wait, I need to look at his injuries. -When we're inside. -Drunk! -Liar! -Pathetic. -Ass. I was just driving to the bank. Next thing, this--this guy jumps in front of my car. Whack job. Sir, can I get you to move your eyebrow? I can't examine his ear. Would you get out of the way? -Could you just wait? -Could you just... free fluid in the upper left quadrant. Grey, schedule a stat C.T. How are you doing, Mr. Maloy? My arm's killing me, but otherwise, I'm fine. He's got tenderness and bruising over his humerus, but he's got good peripheral pulses. We should do a full workup. O'malley, check in with karev once you've assessed, let him know what you find. Wait. I'm, uh, reporting to karev? He's overseeing the pit today. -You good with that, karev? -Oh, yes, sir. I'll be in the O.R. If you need me. Off you go. Meeting callie's dad was so not on the agenda for today. I mean, he seems like the kind of man who needs a little preparation before meeting his daughter's girlfriend. but you should've seen the look on his face when I-- okay, can you stop doing that thing? -What thing? -That "telling me your business" thing. It's my day off. I'm just here to watch you do the fundoplication. You know what? I checked your schedule. You worked a 90-hour week. You should be at home sleeping or playing with your kid. Okay, you can stop doing that thing, too. It's just that peds can be tough. And it can be hard on a family. Not mine. my husband is very supportive. He is... can't wait for me to start my fellowship. -He doesn't know, does he? -No. Why? Dr. Robbins, it's jessica. She just had a seizure.  She can't breathe. She's got tay-sachs. We need to get a mask on her. crank it up to 15 liters. I know, honey. All right.  Sit up. You're okay, honey. You're okay, honey. you just need to breathe. Slow, slow. That's good. That's good. You're getting better. slow, slow. Okay. there's no blood in the brain. Z.M.C. Fracture of the temporal bone, ruptured ear drum. Book us an O.R. Uh, not so fast, Dr. Grey. Mr. Gates-- the patient has a name-- also has an injured facial nerve, which means what? That Mr. Gates will also need a nerve repair. Does that take place before or after Dr. Sloan's ossicular reconstruction? -Before. -Incorrect. Because you'll have to explore the wound for bone fragments, not to mention reversing his conductive hearing loss. Which is why I need you to book me that O.R. Now, Dr. Grey. Look, if this patient has facial paralysis, it won't matter if he can hear out of one ear or not? Am I right, Dr. Grey? -Dr. Grey? -Lexie? -Dr. Grey? -Lexie? -Dr. Grey? -I think you both are amazing doctors. -you said the car hit you while you were in the crosswalk? -Yeah. Look--look, are you almost done? 'Cause I-I need to go, all right? Uh, no. because, uh, we need to wait for the police. They need a statement. Is that really necessary? I mean... I could just give you my name and phone number, you know? I just need to-- I just need you to wait here for one minute, okay? -Yeah. -Thank you. Alex. I need to order a psych consult for Mr. Maloy. As walking when the car hit him, but the pattern of his injuries aren't consistent with it. Plus, he's acting a little agitated. Maybe because he was hit by a car. Or 'cause he has you as a doctor. Either way, you need to discharge him, because we have lot of other patients with worse injuries. If he leaves and he hurts himself, it's on you. Fine, get your stupid consult. But if someone in that waiting room dies because we don't have a bed, that's on you. I hear congratulations are in order. -What? -The engagement. Our very own seattle grace wedding. I couldn't be happier for the both of you. Thank you, sir. Did you have an assignment for me? -Dresses. -I'm sorry? Stevens has transformed her room into a bridal boutique. So go, try on dresses. That's an order. -I didn't think you wanted to wear a wedding dress. -I don'T. How does he even know we're engaged? Richard's my friend. He's not the one that ordered the dress. If y't don to wear a wedding dress, talk to izzie. Oh, yeah. As the chemo drips into her cancer-y arm, and she looks at me with those cancer-y eyes, -those cancer-y, wedding-loving eyes... -be strong. We will have bridesmaids in pink taffeta, and you will be wearing a top hat and a morning coat and somebody will be singing "wind beneath my freakin' wings. " You want me to talk to her? Apparently a morning coat is nonnegotiable. Also, we have to make time for ballroom dancing lessons. just so you know, I wasn't looking for a relationship. Not with anyone - a he or a she. But... it just happened. and, uh... it feels good with her. It feels easy and, uh... comfortable. I'm saying I'm happy. When have you ever heard me willingly admit that? When you lived at home with your mother and me. you were happy then. yeah, well, I was 12. It didn't take much. You'll fly home with me today. I'll talk to the chief and explain the circumstances. What? No. No, dad, no. I'm not moving back home. Don't worry. Everything's gonna be okay. E-everything is o-okay. Tay-sachs is always fatal in children, usually by the age of 4 or 5. She's 6. I spoke to my friend who's doing the fund-raising for jessica, and he told me about this place in mexico. And they do experimental stem cell therapy. In a couple of weeks, we'll have enough money to-- matt, jessica doesn't have a couple of weeks. I think it's quite possible she only has a couple of hours. We've talked about this. We've talked about this a lot. And now it's here. And I know it's hard. I know it's impossible. But we've done everything that we can. And you have done everything that you can. No. No. Listen. All we need is a little more time. Look, okay, if you read about these treatments... I don't mean to insult you. I-I know you've done everything. I just need a few more days, okay? I just need a little more time. She's a fighter. You know that she'll fight. I just need to get her there. Matt, she's not gonna make it to mexico. And I am so sorry. But the best thing that you can do for her now is to be here. No! you don't tell me what's best. You don't tell me. I will find a way. I will get her to mexico tonight. Shame on you for giving up on her. Shame on you, Dr. Robbins. get a crash cart. Izzie stevens' room. Izzie. what? oh, my god. I'm sorry. You should see your face right now. It's your "totally freaking out" face. re joking? This is a joke? I'm sorry. I-I really did need you, though. Um, I have all these dresses here, and I keep trying to page meredith to come try them on, and she won't answer the page. So will you tell her to come in here? She'll listen to you. you have damage to your facial nerve and a broken bone behind your ear. Which I'll repair. You also have some bleeding around your spleen. We'll keep an eye on it. also, your ear drum is ruptured. You might permanently lose the hearing in your left ear. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. That son of a bitch! Mr. Gates, it's important that you try and stay calm. No, no, don't tell me to stay calm. That son of a bitch dove in front of my car. He dove, like he was superman. I mean, he had his-- he had his arms stretched out and everything. I was going to the bank. I was just... going to the bank. if I show you the dress, you can never tell anyone, 'cause it's bad-- really, really bad. Okay, fine. It will be our little secret. photos are not secret! Isn't there a tiara that goes along with it? Uh, oh, put it-- put it on so I can get the full effect. N-no--no tiara. I told you simple. It's, you know, buffalo wings at the reception. You can't have buffalo wings. Caterers don't even do buffalo wings. Iz, this is a small wedding. Small. And this is a big dress for a g wedding. Don't you have a dress in your pile that doesn't make noise when it moves or stand up all by itself? You're getting married. It's a miracle. Meredith grey, child of darkness, has found someone. Don't you want to celebrate that? It's your day, meredith. You can't just piss it away on a stupid slip dress and a cheese tray from the grocery store. that will just make me so sad... and I don't want to be sad because I'm already suffering through cancer, and that's sad enough. Fine. Give me the tiara. You're like a princess. Smile. ***home. He's dragging me home. Como si fuera una niÑa perdida, como si yo no pudiera hacer decisiones adultas sober mi vida... and who I want to spend it with. I mean... es mi vida! Well, I-I can see that you're very upset. You paged me, robbins. you're her best friend, and i am at a giant loss right now. Not to mention, the very sick children-- go.I got this. Stop speaking spanish. 'Cause I have to go to surgery in a minute, and I don't speak spanish. My dad is taking me home. He's talking to the chief, and he's making me quit my job and quit my relationship, which he has yet to acknowledge even exists. What, are you 12? Tell him he's crazy. You don't understand. There isn't anything he hasn't done for me, okay? Nothing. He's paid for my college, he's paid for med school. I have a huge trust fund because he doesn't want me to worry about anything but being a great doctor. I mean, the man has done nothing but support me his whole life. Well, supporting someone and respecting someone aren't the same thing. You need to tell him that. well, look who's up. Where's my dad? He should be here soon. How you feelin'? You, uh, want some water? I want my dad. Oh, it's okay. It's okay. when my little boy is scared, you know what makes him feel better? When he rocks in the chair with me. Let me show you. Here we go. All righty. Oh, there we go, sweetie. See, he likes this. He likes this a lot. Got you the cheeseburger you wanted from joe'S. -Are you sure about this? -You really okay? Not feeling nauseous? No, I feel good. I feel fine. See? Hi. Oh, french fries. God, I love french fries. Meredith, let's go. I feel like this dress is giving me a mammogram. It's squishing my boobs. -Let me see it. -I'm taking it off. iz, you okay? -I think she's choking. -Izzie?  Let's hit her with oxygen. Izzie? Izzie, speak to me.  Can you say something? Izzie? I'm not choking. I'm joking. Okay, you gotta stop doing that, 'cause it's not funny. It got meredith out of the bathroom so I could see her in her dress, and it's gorgeous. -Tell her she has to stop. -Izzie! It's very romantic. It's pretty, right? Pretty. And I see you've invited more people to witness my humiliation. No, derek and mark still aren't speaking to each other, and we're heading into a 6-hour surgery. So unless I can slip this cheeseburger into a sterile area, I'm not gonna make it. Can you please comeand talk to them? fine. Okay.  You can go. Cristina, will you help her take the dress off? I'll be in the scrub room. Lexie just ate all of my fries. Can you please get me some more? Nice. The I.L.-2 isn't affecting you at all. The doctor said if we can find a way to get her there,he'll treat jessica. Matt-- she's been asking for you. hey,baby. Guess what? We're gonna go to mexico. You're gonna love it there. The sky is so blue and the sand is white and the water-- can we go tomorrow,daddy? I'm so tired. why don't you trade places with me? She-- it's you she wants. All I need is plane fare,then we'll be on our way. B-- I can get someone to relieve you for a while if you still want to watch me do that fundoplication. I'm okay. okay,before you guys go in there and start cutting on this patient, you need to apologize to each other. If not for the patient,for me or for lexie. Look at her--her face is breaking out,her ass is humongous. it's true.I had to get the scrubs with the elastic waistband. If you don't apologize right now,she's not scrubbing in. I won't,and you can't make me. This should be a joyful time. Your best friend's getting married.You should be the best man. The chief will be my best man. what? Hey,is my ass really-- lexie,would you,you know,excuse us,please? -The chief? -The best man is my choice. When are you gonna let go of the grudge you have against the chief? Derek,the man had an affair with my mother, broke up my parents' marriage and basically destroyed my childhood. Meanwhile,you've been best friends with mark for 20 years. And you're willing to row all that away over nothing. So don't talk to me about holding grudges. I'll get over mine when you get over yours. Uh,what are you doing up here,karev? Uh,I stopped by to see Dr. Stevens. I'm on my way back to the pit. What happened with the pedestrian?The cops talk to him? I-I don't know.I-I-I don't think so. You don't know? That guy may have tried to kill himself. I called for a psych consult. You have a potentially suicidal patient and you're wandering around up here? Are you aware that the guy that hit him is on his way to an O.R.? He is in terrible shape.He may not live. -I-- -quiet! If that guy intentionally threw himself in front of that car,he should pay. He should pay,so he better not walk out of that E.R. Move faster,karev. You asked for a psych consult? Yes,I did. Where is he? Oh,crap. wonderful. -You've lost him. -I have not. Have you checked the waiting room? O'malley...where's Mr. Maloy? Psych was supposed to be examining him,and he's not my only patient. nice. You lost him. Hunt is gonna love hearing about this. You didn't even want e psych consult. I don't get it.I just--I don'T. I've tried to give you the benefit of the doubt, and I j--I don't get what hunt sees in you, and I sure as hell don't understand what izzie sees. Oh,shut up.I'm the one who's tried. Izzie likeyou,so I've tried. I've tried to find one little ounce of respect for you, but you're the one who lost this guy. You thought he was suicidal,and you turned your back. That's not on me.I'm done with you,o'malley. I'm done trying to respect you.I'm done. -What happened? -We did A.T.L.S.Protocol,but he's,uh,he'S... we inserted bilateral chest tubes,but he kept on bleeding out. Then he started bradying down,so we pushed atropine. I opened his chest when we lost vitals and found the jagged edge of a rib protruding into his ascending aorta,so I attacheda clamp, and I'm getting some faint heart activity. You got an O.R.Lined up? -O.R.Two. -Good work,o'malley.Scrub . -His,uh,aorta was looking pretty-- -we got it,karev. we should do a middle fossa craniotomy approach. Let's get some diamond burrs inere,please. Don't bother.I ordered them before we started. I may be irresponsible and untrustworthy out there,I'm not in here. I never said you were untrustworthy. You put the berlin wall up around lexie. Well,meredith asked me to. That's what people do when someone they care about asks them to do something-- they do it-- which is what you should've done when I asked you to stay away from lexie... or addison,for that matter. Oh,here we go.Addison-- the only note he can ever play. You know,I was going to apologize for decking you 'cause I felt bad. But now I'm just gonna play it over and over again in my head and really enjoy it. oh,hell.It's coming from the pterygoid plexus. -Give me a 4-0 vicryl,pl-- get me some 4-0 vicryl. -Get me the 4-0 vicryl. Get me a clamp. you know what?I'm done. I give up. If I hadn't fallen for little grey,you would've found some otherreason not to respect me. You always have. To you,I'm always gonna be the charity case the shepherds had to take in. -I got the bleeder. -You threw the stitch already? yeah. do you know where Dr. Grey is? No.Do you want me to page her? No,that's okay. thank you. Mm- will you hold the retractor,please? He'll need 3-0 prolene and a gore-tex graft. I'll get it ready. You're good at this. You're thinking ten steps ahead of what you're doing. Not many people can do that. And the hairier things get,the calmer you get. That's not something you learn.It's something you're wired with. You chosen your specialty yet? -No,sir. -It's trauma. I'm--I'm sorry.You want to take Dr. Torres home? Now I recognize that,uh,my daughter's a senior resident and you've invested in her education. I'm happy to write out a check for whatever amount as a donation to your hospital. In exchange,I would ask you to transfer her to st.Mary's in miami. Uh,I appreciate the offer,sir,but,uh,with all due respect, your daughter is a grown woman. Does she know you're here? you don't have children,do you? No,no.No,I don'T. No,you don't,no. Because if you did... "your daughter's a grown woman"-- I mean,that-- that means nothing. She's my child. It's like blood running through your veins. You don't outgrow it,it never goes away-- the love,the need to protect them from everything-- from everything-- even fromthemselves. They grow up,they move out,they change,become people you don't even recognize, make decisions... I mean... and they think you don't love them because you don't understand, but it's the opposite. See,it's the opposite. You fight for them,always. You never surrender. When your child is on the line,you never surrender. I called eight organizations,and they have a wait list for emergency funds. I don't know what to do.I just--I don't know-- Mr. Smithson,it's time to stop now. Maybe if we just go to the airport,they'll let us on a flight. I mean,people do things like that,right?For a sick child,they'll-- -Mr. Smithson-- -no! Please don't make me stop,okay? Please don't make me stop. I wouldn't want to stop,either,but jessica is terminal,matt. In a few minutes,her heart is going to stop. Now I can-- I can pump her chest,push all sorts of medicines, I can put her on a ventilator,'cause she'll no longer be able to breathe on her own, but even with all of that,she's going to die. And the last person who will have had her hands on her, who will have been able to touch her,well,it's gonna be me or--ora nurse. Or it could be you... 'cause you don't want to miss this. This next part-- she needs her daddy for this part. daddy... are we going to mexico? yes We're going to mexico... where the sky is "blue" blue... and the sand is white... and the water is so clear that you can see all the way to the bottom. we're going... just you and me. no more doctors. No more medicine. No more hospitals. Just you and me. we're gonna go.You just relax.We'll be there soon. and we'll play on the beach all day. And we'll make sand castles. We're gog. We'll be there soon.You'll see. And we're gonna have so much fun. just you and me. Just you and me. 98 over 72. That's good. Don'T. Don't try and make me out better than I am,because I'm not. I'm sick. You had an incredibly high dose of I.L.-2 today. This is how you're supposed to feel. All I wanted to do today was flip through magazines and call caterers and make mer try on dresses I knew she'd hate. I thought it would be f-- fun or... funny. I thought I could be the same person I was when I woke up this morning. But I'm not. I'm just another patient trapped inside... a sick,dying,cancer-ridden body. what happened? He,uh...gave me an ultimatum. Said if I didn't come home,he'd take away my trust fund... he'd cut me off. So I cut him off. I mean,if he can't accept me for who I am... I cut him off. Are you okay? No. I mean,yeah.I...I don't know. I jumped... in front of her car. And she was just... driving to the bank. -We're talking about cristina? -I jumped in front of her. I knew.I knew I wasn't together. I knew I was no good for her,for anyone. And I wrecked her. And that...is unforgivable. I don't forgive myself for that.I can't forgive myself for that. And I am feeling shameful about that. That is what I feel today-- shame. Good. -That's a start. -How is that a start? You named it... the feeling. You have to know what it is before you can start to navigate to somewhere better. he has a long recovery ahead of him. He severely damaged his facial nerves,shattered his inner ear and lost a great deal of blood. Oh,my god. but he'll be fine.He'll be in some pain for a while,but,uh,he'll be fine. Oh,my god.Thank you.Thank you both so much. Thank Dr. Sloan.That kind of bleed--not many surgeons could've handled it. He saved your husband's life. Would you like to see your husband now? Yes,thank you. you know that's the first actual compliment you've ever given me? It wasn't a mpliment.It was a simple statement of fact. See,why do you do that?Why can't you just give a person a compliment? If you have to ask for a compliment,it's not a compliment. Are you asking for a compliment? Then it's not a compliment. Is there anything else you need before I go? No. Yowant to sit a while? No,I do not want to sit. I've been sitting and lying down all day... -Dr. Bailey-- -holding a child. If I wanted to spend the day holding a child, I would have stayed home to hold my own child. I didn't do a single medical thing today. I didn't even put a band-aid on a patient. I'm--I'm just tired.I... I'm done. Are you gonna tell your husband? At would I tell him? That it's more than just cutting. Peds is more than just cutting. And what you did today was heroic. And you know it. Okay. Maybe I'll tell him that. To do our jobs... we have to believe defeat is not an option... that no matter how sick our patients get... you're gonna make a beautiful bride. There's hope for them. You kicked ass today,o'malley.You kicked my ass. I just did what I had to do. No,no.You...you kicked ass. I'm not like that. I'm good,but not like you.I'm not... good under pressure. She's really sick-- really sick-- and I'm not good under pressure. But even when our hopes give way to reality and we finally have to surrender to the truth... it just means we've lost today's battle... could I have another,please? Not tomorrow's war. So I guess a big wedding won't be that bad. I'm just sad 'cause I didn't get a chance to see you in the actual dress. -You will. -How? I mean,if derek and mark don't make up,how... you're my sister,lexie. You're in the wedding. Oh,my god. I'm gonna be a bridesmaid? Oh,my god.I don't know what to say. Well,you should wait and see what izzie's picked out for you to wear. And then you'll have plenty to say. here's the thing about surrender... -do you want one? -So much. -Once you do it... -we can still catch the last half of the game. Yeah,that's-- that's what I was thinking. Actually give in... you forget why you were even fighting in the first place. -you can stop eating now. -Oh,thank god. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-