Sync:YTET-Âí´ó´ó °îÖíÖí</font> -chicken. -Good chicken. Yeah,chicken. I know it's chicken. I want to know what it tastes like. Tastes like chicken. -I'm having surgery today. -Maybe. If the mets have shrunk. I am maybe having surgery today,and as such,I cannot taste the chicken for myself, so i really need you guys to tell me what it tastes like. I need to nail down this dinner so I can announce it on meredith and derek's wedding web site. there's a web site? So can you please be a little more articulate than just chicken? Oh,that's the one. very dapper,Dr. Shepherd. You're serious about this? It's not some cruel joke? you look fantastic. Lheooks fantastic,right? -yeah. -Uh,whatever. remember when we were little,and we would accidentally bite a kid on the playground? Good luck with your scan. Good chicken. So? Pork. Our teachers would go,"say you're sorry. Fine. I'll taste the chicken. And we would say it,but we wouldn't mean it. because the stupid kid we bit? Totally deserved it. Sorry. I'm sorry. Take care now. So... I can't afford rent. Owen just told me to "take care now nice.It's three words. Yeah,it's more than she's getting from any of her family. My mom--silent. My aunt--silent. My ster aria-- I know. I know how much power my father wields, but seriously,I mean,what am I,invisible,dead to them,to my mother? Well,you just have to give them some more time. I mean,why can't you just tell them you guys broke up? It's no one's business who you go out with anyway,right? And I will leave you to ponder that. But as we get older,making amends... isn't so simple. You really thinkI should lie? I really think you should pay rent. But,noou kw,whatever. Take care now. After the playground days are over,you can't just say it. You have to mean it. I got you a present. I told you,you can't give me money,even if you are a fancy plastic surgeon. I am not your charity case. I-I am not your mistress. I'm your friend,your equal,so... it's not money. Oh,really? 'Cause I was just doing the "poor but proud" thing for show before I accepted your government cheese. It's better than money. Wait. of course,when you become a doctor,"sorry" is not a happy word. It either means,"you're dying,and I can't help"... She fell out of a tree and broke all her limbs. That is better. Or it means,"this is really gonna hurt. greys.anatomy. Season 5 Episode 21</font> -How many days? -29. Fresh from rehab. uh,I could tell you some good meetings in the area. Thanks. They--they gave me a whole list. So that's one more thing we have in common. have you... talked to meredith... to lexie? Okay,willow,I'm afraid your cheekbone looks broken,too. I'll need to wait a few weeks until the swelling goes down to repair that. In a few weeks,I'm gonna be up a tree in utah. Those corporate bastards-- the same ones who just bulldozed me out of kaili-- they want to clear-cut acres to build another ski condo complex. Sons of bitches! There is so much about that sentence I do not understand. Uh,you were bulldozed out of something? Uh,uh,kaili. She was the tree that I was living in for the past six weeks. She was a beautiful 200-year-old oak in a grove full of beautiful 200-year-old oaks. You named a tree "kaili"? Kaili is hawaiian for "divine beauty and wisdom. " And she was all of those things. She was all of those things,and now she's gone. They're all gone. And for what,yuppie housing? Those corporate bastards! I'm really sorr but you're not gonna be climbing up any trees for a good long while. How does one exactly live in a tree? I mean,how exactly does one say,eliminate waste? He's,um,asking where your poo goes, which may not be the most sensitive questionwhile she's mourning the death of her... tree friend. Excuse me,doctor. Oh,excuse me,young-and-yummy doctor. -Can I help you? -I don't know.Can you? are you looking for someone,ma'am? Oh,gosh. I'm gonna pretend that you didn't just call me "ma'am," because I have this image of you and me in my head playing doctor,and that just kinda ruined it. Okay,I'm gonna go back to work now,but good luck with,uh,whatever. Well,I am looking for a doctor. Gosh,I guess she's a patient now. Um,isobel stevens. I'm,uh... I'm an old friend. After you. Oh,a doctor and a gentleman. Now that's a double yummy. Oh,my god! Who's getting married? Oh,my god. Mom. -What are you doing here? -Mom? Now shush,cricket. you don't want that hot doctor to think I'm old. You got paged,too? Yeah. Report to the chief's office,stat. What do-- what do you think? Why?Why--why would he page us stat? I don't know. Did we kill anyone lately and don't remember? your father's here. He's 29 days sober,just out of rehab. He's taking it seriously. He's working his steps. The ninth step is to make amends wherever possible. It's the key to an alcoholic's recovery-- to take responsibility for the wreckage of his past. I paged you here to ask you to please hear him out. As a favor to me-- to please hear him out. -Uh,I'm covering the pit,chief,and-- I'll cover it. -But there's a trauma coming in. -I got it,meredith. Please. Please. hey,what are you doing here? The chief specifically asked me to cover mer in the pit. -I'm on hunt's service all month. -O'malley. Hey there now. Uh,o'malley,update me. Uh,two ambulances. Three patients,one critical. Multiple gunshot wounds. Mike carlson,35,multiple G.S.W.S. Last B.P.--88 systolic after 2 boluses of L.R. -Where hos he st? -Chest,abdomen,back,legs,shoulder. -Someone meant business. -I'm not so sure about that. She didn't mean it. It was an accident. She really didn't mean it. She's sorry. Maddy,tell 'em you're sorry. She's the shooter? Somebody page the chief. -breath sounds are better. -He's got three to the thoracoabdominal area. What does that bring the count up to? These plree,us seven to the legs-- that's te--no,actually,there's two on the side here. Could be through and through. Put a swab through and see where it goes. -should we roll him now? -Finish his catheter. Does it enter and exit? Hold on. Eah,yH. That makes 11. What can we infer from these injuries? There's blood in the urine,so I'm guessing kidney. Okay,o'malley,let's roll him on your count. Okay,one,two,three. -Oh,yeah. There's more wounds back here. -Yang,page shepherd. Let's make sure we get an accurate count while we have him positioned. maddy,how's this feel? Does it hurt when I do this? Good. Now what about this cut? Can you tell me how you got this big cut on your face? She's scared. She's scared she did a bad thing and you're gonna take her away from m the police will want to talk to both of you about how maddy got the gun. We called social services,and they'll be here soon. And they'll give you all the support that you need to come back from this. And nobody is gonna take you away from your mom. Okay,maddy? You hear me? It hit her in the face-- the gun,the kickback. 'Cause this doesn't look like-- that's how she got the cut. Her daddy shoots targets in the backyard. He put the gun down for a minute. It was stupid. It was really stupid. She never meant to hurt him. Okay,you'll tell the police that,and it'll--it'll be okay. Everything will be okay. I'm s-- I'm so deeply s-sorry... for every time that I ever hurt you or disappointed you or let you down. I don't deserve your forgiveness. But I hope-- I-I so hope-- that you'll give me the opportunity to earn it. Thank you. Uh,congratulations on... you seem well. Good luck. and then you remember jade from 114? Well... she had a spot of cancer last year. It was breast cancer. That was such a shame,I thought,'cause she had such a great rack. God,do you remember what a great rack she had? You used to do all those little exercises like this to try to get yours to grow like hers. anyway,my point is,jade-- well,she had 'em cut off-- both of 'em, just to be on the safe side-- and they look even better now. No,for real. Life gave her lemons and she made cantaloupes. so maybe,I don't know,maybe,honey,there's an upside in this for you,too,right? Um,mom,just,uh,just listen,okay? I... I don'tave breast cancer. Okay,I have skin cancer,or what started out as skin cancer-- wait,hang on.Skin cancer? Oh,god! Isobel stevens. Oh,you scared the hell out of me. And then you made me come all the way up here to seattle just for some ugly old mole? -Oh,sweetie. -No,I didn'T. I didn't make you come up here. I,uh,I didn't even call you. I'm--I'm really--I'm curious. Who did? Who called? Who called her? Seriously,who called her? You okay? Are you crying? -My dad's here. -Okay. He's here and he's sober,and I would really like for you to meet him. H-how about dinner,tonight? Camparo's at 8:00? uh,lexie,uh... dads historically do not love me. And by that I mean that when I was a-a teenager,um, dads did-- did not love me. And... and that's the last time I had to meet anyone's dad. I'm crazy about you. And--and I know that my dad would be,too. You have nothing to worry about. That's what you said when you told me to tell derek. Lexie,I'm closer to your dad's age than yours. So I'm thinking he-- he may not... love me so much. You know,what we have is fantastic. Why don't we just... keep it for us? Excuse me. I'm looking for my sister--karen zelmann. Well,I have a willow zelmann in--in there. -Her name is karen. -My name is willow! I told you. I told you this would happen. I told you to come down out of the damn tree,karen. Uh,how'd it go? Ooh,Dr. Grey,if you're free,maddy here could use a little cleaning and laceration repair,'cause I'm being paged. Absolutely. Meredith. -Are you okay? -I'm great. Thanks. Hey,maddym I'Dr. Grey. You mind if I take a look at that cut on your face? You know,she's so sorry. She's so sorry. Is my daddy gonna die? I don't know. I hope not. five bullets still inside. How many gunshots total? There are 25 wounds total. 5 are lodged inside. Two graze wounds,nine through and throughs so 17 bullets. 17? I thought this was an accidental shooting. How come? How come what? How come he don't die? I shot him lots of times. how come he don't die? " She's just a little girl,a baby. She wasn't really trying to kill him. She was... she doesn't even understand what that means. She was just trying to stop him. She was only trying to stop him. So that cut on her face didn't come from the gun? He was hitting her. He loves us. Daddy loves us,maddy. And sometimes he just gets mad. And he's been working on it. He's been working on it so hard. But she was just trying to stop him. she wasn't trying to kill him. Please understand. She's just a little girl. Oh,really? Really? Oh,yeah,that's great. That's great. Oh,thank you. Yes,thank you,hon. Thanks a million. oh,that's great news,cricket. You're gonna be just fine. Oh,yeah? Let me guess. Your psychic told you that? It's not just any old psychic. He's the best that I've ever heard of. Anyway,he said that skin cancer is highly curable if caught early. Oh,that's so great. A psychic with internet access. Let me guess how much that call cost you,mother. $19. 99 a minute? Well,when you have a sick child,cricket,money's not really the first thing on your mind. you seem like a very capable doctor,Dr. Bailey. Can I trust that you caught my daughter's skin cancer early? well,uh,Mrs. Stevens-- oh,no.Call me robbie,hon. No,mom.Don't call her hon. Don't call bailey hon. You know,if you have questions you can just ask me. She's very busy,and this thing I have,it's complicated,so... I know it's complicated,isobel. I'm not a complete idiot. Now I saw this thing on tyra's show. There was this woman who had a mole on her private parts. and the dermatologist did not bother to check her privates ause she thought that the gynie woulda done it. Now the gynie didn't do it. Maybe she didn't even go to the gynie. I don't know. Anyway,it was bad. She was bald and everything. She did not have a mole on her private parts,did she? no,ma'am. No,she did not. good. We need to take him in now. G.S.W.S to the abdomen,hematuria,vitals signs are unstable. Ma'am,he has major internal injuries. We're rushing him to surgery now. Wait! Maddy needs to tell her daddy she's sorry before he goes. Baby,you need to tell your daddy you're sorry. Maddy,people die in surgery. You don't want your daddy to die without telling him how sorry you are. Come on. Let's go tell him we love him. You know,no. -No. -What? Maddy,stay right here,okay? -Dr. Grey-- no,she will not go apologize to him. You should be apologizing to her. I understand you're a victim here, but there is no room for you to be a victim when your 6 year old is on the line. She's stronger than you. Your 6 year old is stronger than you. At least she did something. She stood up for the two of you,which is more than you did for her. No,she won't apologize to him. Thank you so much. All right. I'll call you back. Listen,I have great news. I have an associate who has a contact at schuster and werner. More like dirtbag and felon. They've agreed to pay your medical bills and to not sue you for trespassing if you sign a contract saying you won't sue them and you won't trespass on any of their properties ever again. Do you know how many acres of forest they have single-handedly destroyed, how many ecosystems will never be restored? The bees are dying,julie. The temperature is rising. I'm sorry. Is it possible I could have a moment alone with my sister? you will sign this de,karen. My name is willow! I can't say I'm sorry I never had siblings. They're yelling 'cause they care. -That how it works? -Yeah,it is. In some families,it is. I expected them to yell,you know? I didn't expect silence. Why don't you call 'em and claim temporary insanity? You don't have to end it with roller girl. Just say you did. Yang said the same thing. That's because it's none of their business. There's no reason you should have to hurt this much. I can see that you're... angry with me. -And maybe angry with your mother,-but-- don't do that. I'm not your friend and I am not your family. You don't get to call me into your office on personal business, and you don't get to speak to me this way right now. It's an abuse of power. I'm a resident. I work for you. You have to speak to me like I'm a resident. And for the record,chief,somebody had to stand up for that little girl, and I make no apologies for that. You want to just be a resident? Fine. All right,then. That woman is a victim of domestic violence. This hospital is supposed to be a safe place for her to come and tell her story. And as her doctors,it is our job to help her. You did not do your job. Instead,you further battered a battered woman. -What about that little girl? -Dr. Grey, you will stay away from that child. You will stay away from that family. You will not come within 100 feet of them. And if you do,you will be suspended from this hospital pending re-evaluation of your emotional and mental fitness for residency. & The I.V.C. And the aorta are nicked. O'malley,get in there with some clips. I'm gonna need thangular vascular clamp. Nothing's stopping. He's still bleed g out. Don't move,yang. I need some more suction in there. I know.*** -This is not chout riard,meredith. -It is. It is about him. Because I have to deal with him on a professional basisevery day, and I have tried to draw a line,and he won't respect it. He doesn't respect it and he uses his relationship with you-- -richard doesn't use his relation-- stop defending him. Be on my side. -I need you to be on my side. -Okay. He's not your best friend. He's not your cristina. Which is why I feel like it's okay to say to you he is not invited to our wedding. Because I swear,derek,if he is there,I won't be. And I'm the bride,so I have to be. So I'm begging you,please. -He's not invited,okay? -Okay. Thank you. If you don't make this deal,who's gonna pay your bills,who's gonna take care of you? They tried to kill me,just like they killed kaili, just like they killed all of those defenseless trees, all of the defenseless creatures that live in those trees. You are not a defenseless,tree-living creature,karen. You are an adult woman who made a conscious decision to trespass. It was unbelievably stupid,unbelievably naive-- just unbelievablyirresponsible. What about the part where it was unbelievably brave? Excuse me? Trees may not be my thing,but even if I thought it w stupid,it was still brave. I mean,she slept in a 200-year-old tree and watched as a bulldozer knocked her off of it because she was standing up for what she believed in. You have to admit,she's unbelievably freakin' brave. How can trees not be your thing? karen? Karen? Damn it.Her pulse is weak.Let's start her on 0-2. See if you can get a femoral pulse. Okay,she's bleeding out from her femur.We need to get her stabilized. What's going on?What's happening to my sister? - Julie,you need to clear out. - Tell me what's happening with my sister. - Get her out of here,please. - Tell me what's happening,please. - Karen.Karen.- put the L.R. On a rapid transfuser and hang p-rbcs. Get ready for transport,tell the O.R. We're on our way now! - Damn it! - Damn it! There's too many bleeders. Hang another bag of o-neg and get me some fibrin sealant. - Can I help? - You are helping. You've got more bleeders than you have hands. Sorry. no,no,that's it. You,get in here and take over for yang. Yang,run to my truck. - What? - Run to my truck. It's where I always park it.Run fast. In the glovebox,there's a green bag. Pull harder on that retractor,would you?Really get in-- - I'm a surgeon.Why are you having-- I'm trying to save a life here,yang. Run! ooh,the lovers card. do you know what this means? Yes.No.Yes.I'm--mom,can you please just shut up? Okay? It's meat. Definitely some kind of meat. You're killing me,you know that? It means that the sex is hot. Now I bet that little old mole doesn't get in the way of that.Am I right? Honey,hey,listen,isn't it time for my scan? Isn't it time for my scan right now? I'll--I'll go check,see if I can get things moving along. Thank you. So tell me about Dr. Hottie. How long have you all been together? Mom... it's not just a mole. I have stage iv melanoma. It's in my organs.It's not just a mole. Now you don't have skin on your organs,hon.That doesn't make a whole lot of sense. don't just sigh at me,isobel. Just,you know,just explain. Okay.Um... you remember when-- when grammy had that tumor on her thyroid? Grammy died.She died. She...really soon after that,she died. Wh-- what are you t-- telling me... you have a mole. I don't understand. You--you just-- you have a mole. Okay,I'm sorry. I'm sorry.-- That was a really bad comparin. What I have is nothing like what grammy has. - no.No. - Okay,I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Just breathe. It's okay. I okay.Just breathe,okay? It's okay. it's okay. I'm okay.Just breathe. Now I've got a good feeling about this. I think those mets are shrunk way down,and I think I'm gonna go right in and take the rest out. Really?You think that? Did your psychic tell you so? This scan has to be good.It has to be good. L-listen,if it's not,it's not the end of the world. - There are other therapies that we can try-- she'll never leave. If this scan isn't good,if I can't give her good news,she won't leave. I love my mom.I don't mean to sound ungrateful. - It just... - it was me. I called her. I really... - I really thought it was alex or george-- it was me because... look,I would want to know if my kid was sick,and if I was sick,I wod want my mom. I just thought that you were being too proud or that you were just trying to protect her, but now I get that you were just trying to protect yourself. She's not a bad person.She was a great mom. She's just... limited.She'S...limited. The scan has to be good. It has to be good. hang more blood. Come on,willow. Come on,you lived in a tree.You crapped in a bucket,for god sake.You can do this. She crapped in a bucket? What are you doing here? Saw it on the board.I've never seen an intramedullary rod put into a femur. So... bucket. Yeah.A bucket on a pulley. She's,uh,up in a tree,right? So she lowers a crap bucket to her friend every day,who empties it,cleans it, puts food in it and then sends it back up the tree. Oh,that's friendship. yeah. you know,they teach us in med school how not to care so much. We drape the patients so we don't see their faces. We do a thousand different things to care a little less. But you care like crazy,and I love that. And I'll keep loving that,even if you decide to lie to your family. nice work,yang. Open the bag. See the bottle with the blue label? Open it and pour it into a sterile basin and give it to o'malley. okay,shake it onto the wound right over the bleeders,a lot of it. What is this stuff? Uh,uh,we used it in the field all the time. It's not F.D.A. Approved,but it's saved a lot of lives. When,uh,you don't have time to stitch a guy up,you pour some of this on,and it just holds things until you get him to an O.R. Oh,look at that.It's locking up the entire wound. It replicates the body's clotting process. It's not a permanent solution,but it buys us some time. B.P. Is going up. He's stabilizing. Magical. I think it's gonna be fine. I think those mats are gonna be just teeny ti. It's,uh,mets,mom. - Mets. - Mets? Like baseball? Yeah,like baseball. okay,uh,good news. Great news. The cancer's practically gone. It looks like your psychic was right,Mrs. Stevens. Looks like we caught it early after all. Oh,thank you,god! Thank you.Oh,my baby. Jesus,mary and joseph,thank you,thank you,thank you. Oh,thank you!thank you!Thank you!Thank you!Thank you. But I knew it. didn't I? I knew it. I knew because you're my cricket. Nothing can happen to you. I love you,mom. Oh,I love you,too,my baby girl. I love you so,so much. god,look at me.I must be a mess. well,I'm gonna go clean up,okay? And then,uh,and then I'm gonna call jade... and Mrs. Norris,too. I got them all so worried. just tell me. The mets have shrunk some,but there are new mets,too-- several new mets in the small bowel. No surgery,then. Oh,I'm gonna operate. I'm going to take out absolutely everything I can, be as aggressive as I can,and then we'll take it from there. - okay. - Okay. You just have to give her some room.You two have history. - I apologized. - I know,and it's loaded. She keeps yelling at me that I am not her father. Well,I'm not. I fell in love with her mother. That's all I did. Her mother never got over you. - And she's not gonna-- well,that's not my fault. Look,I was young. Lots of people have affairs. They have affairs,and they don't-- look,what ellis did after I left? That's on ellis. And I'm trying to run a hospital here. She's doing the best she can,richard. Well,her best isn't good enough. If any other resident-- if any other resident pulled the crap she did today... she is still here becausof my history with you. That's it.That's the only reason. You keep saying you're not her father,but-- okay,you know what? Since we're talking,you're the most professional guy I know, most levelheaded,except when it comes to meredith grey. You gave me hell. You know,you weren't gonna give me chief because I was dating meredith grey. You told her about the ring. You sent her out to the woods to bring me back. That's not running a hospital. You paged her to your office to try on dresses. You paged her again today for thatcher. You have history with her. You keep saying that you're not her father. But the way you act? You consider her family. For what it's worth... what happened? Hunt is incredible.The guy shouldn't be alive. 17 bullets.He has one lung. He's got one kidney left. - Dr. Grey. - Meredith. I'm sorry for the way I spoke to you earlier. - Dr. Grey. - Meredith,don'T. I know I was out of line,and I know I can't possibly imagine what you've been through. But I also know that this cannot be your daughter's story-- that she shot her dad 17 times to protect her mom,and you went back to him. You have to change her story while you still have a chance,for both of you. But for her,but for your little girl... you have to change her story. I'll pack my stuff. She lost a lot of blood,but she's stable now. They weighed the cost. I'm sorry? They weighed the cost of killing her over letting her stay up there. And then they got a bulldozer and they knocked her out of a tree. They knocked my baby sister out of a tree. jules. I'm here. Hey,I'm here. I filed a lawsuit against schuster and werner-- a $10-million lawsuit. We're gonna make those bastards pay for this. You hear me? I'm gonna make them pay. We could plant so many trees with $10 million. and when we win,the check will be made out to "karen. Our tree girl made it through? I can't lie,even if they think I'm wrong,even if they don't understand,even if they think I'm crazy. I'm me. They're supposed to accept me. They're supposed to support me.They're supposed to love me,you know? I can't lie. oh,great. Is this another heart-to-heart? I know you don't like me. And you have every right not to like me. I have abused my power,but now I'm here on your turf,and what I need to say... what I need to say is... I saw what your mother was doing. I saw how neglected you were,I saw her drive your father off,and I spent a lot of time beating myself up about that. But what does that do for you? Nothing. Nothing. I wasn't your advocate. I didn't fight for you. I never stood up for you. I let myself off the hook. I told myself I was young and didn't know any better,but I did know better. I wasn't much younger than you are now. I should've fought for you,meredith... like you fought for that child today. I told myself that I wasn't your father,that it wasn't my responsibility,that I was right not to butt in. I let myself off the hook. You were helpless. You were... you were a baby... a beautiful... smart,funny little girl... and no one stood up for you. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. As doctors,we can't undo our mistakes,and we rarely forgive ourselves for them, but it's a hazard of the trade. But as human beings,we can always try to do better,to be better, to right a wrong even when it feels irreversible. Are you sure you don't want me to stay? I'm sure. I'm okay. I'll be okay. Well... if you're not,you know where to find me. I love you,mom. I love you so much. But we do better lovin' each other from a distance. you were always too good for that trailer park... that I knew. I might not know that much,and I might not be quite as smart as you,but... I always knew that. Of course "I'm sorry" doesn't always cut it. Maybe because we use it so many dierent ways-- as a weapon,as an excuse. Nice work today. "Nice work today"?Seriously? I'm sorry? "Run to my truck. " You've got o'malley clping bleeders,and you're telling me to run to your truck. You know what my truck looks like.O'malley doesn'T. And that--that run you took?It saved a guy's life. Yeah,well,all day...all day you were teaching o'malley and you ignored me. O'malley wants to be a trauma surgeon. You've already declared cardio. I didn't do anything wrong today. I treated you like I would anyone else. no,not like anyone else. "Take care now"?! What is that?! What,are you,like,you know,happy now? What--what are you? You know,just a "choke 'em and forget 'em" kinda guy? "hey there now.Take care now.Nice work,yang." What is this? It's my shrink.My shrink gave me these sentences-- we--we,uh,we came up with them together. They're all 3-word sentences so I'd have things to say to you instead of the three words that are... that are killing me... the three words that you know I feel but I can't say them, because it would be cruel to say them because I am no good for you. I don't want to torture you. I don't want to look at you longingly when I know I can't be with you. So,yeah,I'm smiling and I'm saying "take care now. " I'm letting you off the hook. I'm trying.I'm trying so hard to let you off the hook. I'm trying to make it right,what I did to you. Can't you see that?I'm just trying to make it right. take care now. But when we are really sorry,when we use it right,when we mean it... we're leaving... for good.We're leaving. And as I understand it,you'll be too weak to follow us anytime soon, so I'm pretty sure you won't be able to follow us later. So... we're here to say good-bye. Maddy,say good-bye to daddy.This is the last you'll be seeing of him. Bye,daddy.Feel better. Bye,Dr. Grey. Bye,maddy. When our actions say what words never can... sorry I'm late. d-dad,this is,um,mark sloan. Dr. Mark sloan. - He--he's my,uh-- teacher? no,no.He--he's my... he'S...mark. Nice to meet you,Mr. Grey. It's so nice to meet you. please,grab a chair. Okay,that tastes like shrimp. Alex... okay,but listen,the shrimp kinda tastes... sweet and spicy,you know,kinda like our first date-- the good part, the part before I didn't kiss you on the front porch. okay,nice. And the chicken tastes like a drive to the beach with the windows down and the dog hanging out the window, like when you were a kid,like,salty. It tastes good,but I'd definitely go for the shrimp if we have to choose. There's one more. Okay,yeah. That tastes like crap. okay,the O.R.'S prepped and ready. How about you? Yeah,ready. Now I taste like crap. when we get it right,"I'm sorry" is perfect. Hey,so,um,we have to move the wedding up for izzie. She'S... okay. You're packing up your mom's journals. Yeah.You know,there's nothing in these for me. I keep thinkin but I don't know. I don't want to throw them away,so I was gonna give 'em to the chief. And...he can come to the wedding if you want. He can come. Okay. When we get it right... "I'm sorry" is redemption. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly