They cling to this moment,this memory of being fine,this before... - don't worry.- As though talking about it  might somehow brg it back. - we're gonna take care of him.- Long time. Naomi. we've got an I.C.U.Bed all ready for him. But whathey don't realize  is that the fact  at they're talking about it  to us, their doctors... oh,yesterday,he was fine. - We went to lunch.I thought he was fine.- Means there's no going back. By the time they see us...  they're already in the after. What the hell are you doing? The interns are broken. They've been punished for taking out their own appendixes,and it's making them hate medicine. They're lost right now and they've forgotten that this thing they hate is actually a thing they love,so I'm gonna remind them. Is this about denny? Is this some kind of dead-boyfriend art therapy? This is not about denny. - It's about the interns.- Who cares about the interns? - They're a bunch of losers.- They're not! They're no they're just... oh! They need to have a little fun,and so do I. Where are the damn scissors? They're right in front of you. Right. - Iz.- Will you hand me that large bowel,please? Okay,See?It's gonna be great. does he know how he got the parasite? He thinks he got it from eating unwashed fruit in mexico. He's bradycardic. Why is he bradycardic and hypotensive? he's having a reaction to the fentanyl drip. Stop the fentanyl drip and push the narcan. Wait.Derek,he was in status. I mean,if you take him off the drip and he's seizes up,there could be permanent brain damage. We better hope that doesn't happen. Hope?That--that's what your plan is--is hinging on, hoping that--that the worst doesn't happen? Yeah,I'm hoping he's stopped seizing, because i know if we don't reverse the drip,his heart is going to arrest. So unless you have a better idea... push the narcan. And while every patient's story  starts the same way... how the story ends  depends on us,on how well  we diagnosis and treat. We know the story  hinges on us... he's in v-fib.Get the crash cart. And we all want  to be the hero. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: YTET-  °îµÂÖí -GREY ANATOMY S5E15 Dr morning,chief. I heard there was a guy here with worms in his brain. Does anyone know the medical term for rms in the brain? dr. Stevens red esteyou today for a special project. Okay,take an envelope,and then pass the rest back,but do not open them. You're gonna need them for the first game we're gonna play. That's what we're doing today,playing games? Cheer up.We are gonna have so much fun. I said don't open the envelope! Don't you know how to play a simple game? I d when I was 8. Let's just go. Thank you. dr. Bailey's with addison today,so I'm gonna hand out your morning assignments. Addison's in the hospital? Her brother was admitted last night with parasites in his brain. Addison's brother has neurocysticercosis? see? That's what I'm talking about. I cleared my schedule. Oh,you didn't he to do that.I'm--I'm fine. Your brother has parasites in his brain. I cleared my schedule.You cut your hair. Oh,yeah. I like it. Uh,dr. Miranda bailey. Oh,I'm sorry.Um,miranda,naomi.Naomi,miranda. Naomi's our fertility,uh,specialist down at oceanside wellness and one of my oldest friends. It's nice to meet you,miranda. - So how is he?- Oh,I don't know. He's groggy,his eyes are open,but I don't think he's awake because he hasn't tried to kill me. Her brother hates me. people pick sides in a divorce,derek. He picked sides in thearriage. He first seized during sex with his girlfriend. I wonder why she's not here. Oh,she is. Naomi? I'm going in there. You and archer? No. Uh,well,yeah.I mean,I don't-- I don't know. - Yeah,I don't know.I don't know wha- we are. How's sam? Sam's good. And,uh,how's,um... meredith--is that her name? She's good. - Good.- Yeah. Well,look at us.We're standing here making polite conversation about your girlfriend. You two are divorced,me and sam are divorced,and I'm with archer,sort of. What the hell happened? I mean,you--you wrote addison a song,derek. Can we just forget about the song?Enough about the song. What?You wrote her her own love song and you sang it to her at the wedding. Mark wrote it or sam-- somebody.I don't remember who it was. I do.I do. I was drunk at the time,but I remember,and I remember thinking you guys were gonna last forever, that we were all gonna last forever. Yeah. You should call sam. - He misses you.- Yeah. how'd you sleep? not too well. Shoulder pain? - No.Pain-in-the-ass wi.- No. I kept him up all night because I was afraid my aneurysm was gonna explode and I was gonna die. Hi,I'm dr. Karev. Well,where's dr. Grey?She's supposed to be in my surgery. Uh,she and dr. Shepherd got called in on an emergency. So it looks like he's not gonna get to your aneurysm until later. Wh--later when? Could be a few hours,it could even be tomorrow. tomorrow?I mean,she's already waited till tom--today is tomorrow. I'm sorry.Who are you? I'm her husband.Oh,I look like this because-- I ran him over with our car before I knew I had this huge time bomb in my head, when I was just a big ol' pregnant person waiting for her baby. So... just,please,if dr. Shepherd could,you know,get to me sooner rather than later. what's the emergency? Addison's brother. Addison's here? We were having dinner,and he just passed out. I am telling you,it is probably just my hernia. Uh,he has an inguinal hernia,but it doesn't seem to be the source of the obstruction. You know,honey,it's gonna take these doctors a long time to figure this out,all right? I am fine here. Now you gotta go to work. He hates it when we try to help him. He's a l like my second graders that way. okay,daddy,you win.And I have my cell. So call me if you need me. Okay. Bye. I have colorectal cancer. I've had five polyps removed in the last three years,and radiation. My daughter doesn't know,and I would like to keep it that way. dr. Yang is gonna set you up for a C.T.With contrast. Where have you been treated?We'll need to get your medical records. Columbia hospital in verona,and dr. Shulty. I,uh... I work here now. I saw that you were in and I thought I-- you waited till she left to come in and say hello. That's just like you to face up to things like a man. You should really tell her about the cancer,michael. - She deserves to know.- You lost the right to tell me anything about her when you broke off your engagement in a 2-line e-mail. * our eyes met over the cadaver   and I knew I had to have her * what was the next line? can we talk about something else? * had his mitral valve   grown too thick? * * Is that what made our cadaver so sick? * Greatest love song of all time. Did you guys get to the part where derek rhymes "gross anatomy class" with "addison's fine ass"? 'Cause I wrote that line. Oh,my bad. No,no,it's fine. I,uh... I think it sounds like a fine song. Archie,I heard you were gonna let derek remove those little suckers from your brain. - Maybe.- he is. I hate surgery,especially brain surgery. Yeah. Being a neurologist,you probably see a lot of patients post-op who are just,you know, - scrambled eggs up there-- okay,you know what,ark?You're not helping right now. We're sitting here trying to convince him that surgery is-- is not an option. According to these scans,the single cyst that you had in your last C.T. Has now multiplied by eight,all clogging the third ventricle. There's no way I can surgically navigate through a mess like that without rupturing one. so what does that mean? You're in a room full of doctors,addison,who are all being very quiet right now. I'm gonna die. That's what it means. ********Is the name of a surgery. Your task is to drape your patients accordingly. On your marks.Get set.Go. come on,people.Lighten up.This is supposed to be fun. Don't take it so serusly. You suck at this!My grandmother could drape better than you. I'm sorry.I'll--I'll try to do better next time. No,no.I'm just-- you're doing great. I'm--I'm trash-talking. I'm having fun.It's just-- I'm--it's fun. what do you... Lookin' good. - Good job.- Done. - Good... - laparoscopic cholecystectomy. - Yeah,that's good.Here..- Yes. - Your,uh,next challenge- Me,too.I'm done,too. A whipple is for pancreatic cancer. Were you planning on going in through the mouth? Start over. there's just no way,addie. I talked to conroy at cedars,larry at mayo,and they agree.There'd just be-- I put... you in A... tiny box. After the divorce,I made you... petty and inconsequential and nothing special so that you could fit into this tiny... little box that would help me get out of bed in the morning. But now... now I have to take you out of the box because... I need to believe that,uh,you can do this,that you can save my brother. I need you to be a god. just today... be a god. Uh,montgomery,archer. I'm a friend. I'm dr. Miranda bailey.I'm a friend of addison'S. - Which one are you?- I'm sorry? Archer is addison's brother,and archer's girlfriend is addison's best friend, o used to be married to derek's best friend,who derek hasn't spoken to ... - since the divorce.- Right,right. Well,that would be me,the ex-husband. uh,dr. Samuel bennett. Sorry. Well,I didn't think the ex-husband would show up at the ex-wife's boyfriend's bedside. Right.Don't worry about it.Uh,even I don't know why I'm here. - but,uh,yeah.- Third floor.Room 3420. Thank you. dr. Bennett. - Uh,sam.- dr. Sheprd is still studying the scans, looking for a way to operate,but it looks like a difficult case. Right. You know,addison's brother probably isn't gonna make it. his cysts are inoperable. Worms in the brain-- not how you want to go. I didn't even know addison had a brother. I mean,you'd think derek would've said something at some point or sang something while he played his guitar. - Speak english.- Oh,derek used to play the guitar. Owen's ex-fianc is in the hospital. His ex-fianc he never told me about. What's wrong with her? Well,she calls her dad "daddy." no.What's wrong with her?Why is she in the hospital? Oh,she isn'T. Daddy is. Hey,you know,you should ask owen if he plays the guitar. "Find dr. Sloan."He's your patient.Ask him his sympto. Diagnose him correctly to receive your next challenge." What are your symptoms? Well,right now I'm battling a rapid heart rate. I'm also feeling a little flushed. I don't even want to mention what's going on below the belt. Hey,no.I-I-I don't do dirty,secret flirting with you anymore. Okay?I-I told you,if you want to go public with me, with us,then I will do dirty,public flirting. I mean,I will--I will flirt publicly,not dirtily. Maybe a little dirtily. Will you--would you please tell me your symptoms so I can concentrate? "Tachycardia,angiodema,"hypotension,severe chest and abdominal pain, difficulty breathing and throat clo--" anaphylactic shock! - Foul.- What? You heard her answer. Well,the whole hospital heard her answer. Well,you shoulda kept a respectful distance.New symptoms.Resume play. All right.You must have questions,so ask. When was his last polypectomy?Since you're familiar with the patient. - That's not what I meant.- No,I know what you meant. - dr. Yang,what are your symptoms?- Now is not a good time. "Heavy feeling in the abdomen accompanied by nausea and acute pulling sensation in the scrotum. " Uh,testicular cancer. - cristina-- I have to get mr.Whitman to C.T. I wasn't doing anyone any good at school,so... owen? I don't understand. - What...- I work here. Wh-what do you mean? What do you mean? - Beth...- when did you get back? I-I-I just sawour mom.She didn't s-- I thought you were in iraq. I--I've been praying for you every night. Every night I'm on my knees praying that y-you're gonna make it back, that you'll make it another 24 hours, that you'll...  you'll make it home. Oh,owen. You're back. What is she doing? It looks like she's praying. Mm,no.Addie doesn't pray What is she doing? uh,she's praying. no,addison doesn't pray.She must be hiding. I can hear you. And I'm not hiding.I am trying to pray,but I don't know how to pray because I'm a wasp,and we only go to church on christmas. You guys go.I got this. I have no clout with god. god doesn't even know who I am,which sucks,because I could... I could use some help. dear god,I need your guidance. I kissed a peds surgeon. You kissed a peds surgeon? I never thought I'd end up with a woman,god, but--I mean,not until lately-- but that--that's not the problem. The prlem is the peds thing.She's--she's perky... and has butterflies on her scrub cap. But she'S... also hot... really hot. So... help me get over the butterflies. Amen. You're an amazing doctor.You save babies.God knows who you are. Do you really believe in all this... in god? Sometimes. Well... most of the time,when it counts. your wife's in the chapel praying. She's not my wife,and she doesn't pray. How are you? Good.Oh,you know,midlife crisis. I got an earring.I got an earring. But I-I let the hole closep the very next day. Oh,that woulda--woulda been a good look on you. I met,uh,meredith. she's not a midlife crisis. She's the real thing. That's great.I'm happy for you,man. - I'm happy for you.- yeah. - I shoulda called.- no. No,I should've stayed in touch.It's my fault. Hey,people move,they change. - You know,we all did.- Yeah. So... but yeah. She's praying. Yeah. She's expecting a miracle... and I can't deliver one. I've seen patients with one cyst in the ventricle,maybe two. He has eight. There is no way I can get a scope in there without rupturing one. There's too many. Maybe you're just too close to it. What if there were just one? You know,explain to me how you would remove just that one. 110 over 80. What's the prize for winning? They need a prize. They're getting a prize,a really big prize. I need a prize. What's going on? Uh,my patients needed a distraction,and,uh,izzie needed real patients. - So how's it going?- It's going great. Super fun.We're having a lot of fun. dr. Grey. Oh,my god.Am I going to surgery now? Could be any time now,jen. what? I can't find it. Wait... is something wrong? Is the baby's heart not beating? - What-- you're on the kid's ass. The heart's over here. thank god. it's not what you think. I can guarantee I'm not as much of an ass as you think I am. does your mother know you're back? page me when this is done. All right,archer. I need to create room in the ventricle so I can maneuver the scope. If I deflate each cyst,the scope can remove them one by one. The cysts will rupture. I'm gonna grab each one with forceps,pull it up to the edge of the port and suction out the fluid. - The suction would have to be precise-- it will be. - You can't do it.- Well,I think I can. Basically you can control the way thcyst ruptures? No,he can'T. - Look,I know you guys want me to go down fighting,but I-- coward. Excuse me? I said "coward." You're a coward by trade.You're a neurologist. You guys feed off us,refer your patients to us,let us assume the responsibility, and if god forbid something happens,well... I'll tell you what,I can assume the responsibility. The question is,can you? Peds surgery fellowship? Yep,just when I'm almost done with my general surgery residency. Crazy,huh? No,just,uh... surprising. Uh,you don't seem lik a-a peds person to me. Why not? Because you don't smile. - Peds people smile.- I smile. Well,I'm not going to smile right now,but I do smile. I smile frequently. He under yet? Yeah. A peds surgery fellowship? I have a child.I'm familiar with children. I am going to be an excellent pediatric surgeon. You're gonna want to keep that temper in check around the kids. Weird seeing archie on that table. yeah. asma. Looks like I'm low. krez,refill this for dr. Bennett here. thanks. It's good practice. Asthma's big with the kids. say it,derek.Come on,say it.Say it.Say it.Say it.Say it.Say it. okay,everybody.It's a beautiful day to save lives. Scalpel. at some point,you're gonna have to tell her. This is beth we're talking about. She worries herself sick when one of her students gets the sniffles. She can't handle bad news. She's a sunshine girl. And you used to know that about her. Well,she'll find out eventually. dr. Yang. What's going on? - Ruthcall the chief and reserve an O.R.- Owen-- it's A... I-it's a cplication. He needs surgery. But what... a c--a complication from what? he's gonna be okay. I'll keep you update let's go. okay,entering the third ventricle. all right.Securing cyst number one. Deflating cyst one. All right.Suction. Any sign of the scolex? there it is. one at a time.One at a time. Okay. I need to be distracted. Someone,um,talk about something other than what's going on with my brother right now. Uh,mark is good at talking about himself. Actually,I've been using endoscopy for head and neck cancer resections, and if I could just focus the criteria for patients,I might have a breakthrough on my hands. What happened to you? He met someone. dr. Grey. dr. Torres said I,uh,had to eat.I'm sorry. No,it's okay. How is it? It's amazing. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. It's bland.It's really bland. I need my surgery,now! What kind of hospital is this?How long am I supposed to wait? - Because-- look,stop it! Look,uh... if you don't settle down,your blood pressure's gonna rise, and you're gonna start contracting. I'm sorry because I don't know you,but you really need to shut up,okay? all right.There. Look. There's your son's face. That's what you need to hold on to for the next couple of hours,okay? let's see here. is--is that a tumor? he's gonna need moreggressive treatment. - He'll have to tell his daughter now.- he won'T. Her mother died when she was little. He feels that's enough sadness for anyone,so... he sheltered her. She always had a nice car,nice clothes,anything she wanted. Well,she'll find out eventually. She used to call me in tears when there was a spider in her apartment. It became a joke between michael and I. Neither of us could be out of town at the same time in case beth found a bug. well,when he needs to go through chemo or gets so sick he needs hospice care, she'll find out when it's already over. She deserves more than that. okay,dr. Grey,what's the number? Seven cysts,seven scolexes. Okay,then one more. damn it. he's getting bradycardic. I need to irrigate,see if the flow is blocked. asystole. Start the code clock. derek,asystole. Where the hell is it? get the crash cart.Starting compressions. No!Stop!Nobody move. We can't start compressions.I need to find the worm. - But he's--we have two minutes,maybe three. Nobody move.Just stop. how long has he been down? 2 minutes,20 seconds. ** it's starting to tear apart. Maybe if I just rotate it and reverse it back. and that's number eight. heart rate's coming back up. okay. Thank you,everybody. you just made some friends  of mine very happy. I just got out of surgery.What's going on? - Could be any minute now.- She needs a prize. A big prize,but not too big,because they did take out their own appendixes. And I understand they're still being punished for that and that you think they're not even qualified to hold a clamp, so... do you have any prizes like that? Thank you.They just got their symptoms from their final patients. Get outhe finish line.It's gonna be close. here they come! all right,alright,all right!Come on,run! Come on!Come on!Come on,come on!Bring it in! - Move!Move!- george? 3-way tie. - okay,final patient diagnosis.- Motion sickness! - No.- Dengue fever! - No!- Neurocysticercosis! - yay!- ladies and gentlemen,we have a winner. Nicely done. yes! Wait,what's the prize? - you get to scrub in on shepherd's craniotomy...- yes! And hold the doomsday sucker. What's the doomsday sucker? Doomsday sucker? - It's just a really big sucker.- Yeah! It was a hard surgery. Some of the bowel was dead,as we suspected, but we were able to remove the diseased part successfully. He's in recovery,and you can see him in about an hour. You don't even look like yourself. Excuse me? You don'T. You look... hard. And... look,I-I know it-- it wasn't easy over there. I-I hear people come back and... I know you can't just come back and be normal right away, - but-- he'll be asleep for a couple of hours, but you can see him now. Two lines in an e-il? I deserve more than that. Beth,your dad has colorectal cancer. He's already been through radiation treatment and polyp removals. He didn't tell you... 'cause he didn't want to burden you. He'd like to spare you any pain... any more pain. He had all these friends. They sang and they played guitar and... it's almost like he was a totally different person. Well,he was. It kinda freaks me out a little bit. I feel like I don't know him. And I don't know owen. We don'T.We don't know them. Sadie. Sadie,hey. Hold up.Hold up.Hold up. I just wanted to let you know,um,I'm happy to help you if you'd like-- you know,reviewing the basics or putting in some supervised skills lab hours. Excuse me? Well,I... I was a repeater earlier this year.I know how easy it is to get behind. I don't need a tutor. - You don't?- No. At this point in your training,you should be able to hear symptoms, diagnose the problem and decide whether or not a patient needs surgery. Can you do that? Can you? Because th think you can,and they will put you in situations where you have to. Sadie,you could hurt someone. I call her. All right?I call my mother once a week. I haven't told her that I'm back.She thinks that I'm calling from... I keep the conversations short because I can't bear for her to know that the son she sent off to war is gone. He's gone. And if I just got in my car and drove the six miles to see her, she'd be so sad,and she would look at me the same way that beth does now... like I'm not there. The only time I don't feel like a ost is when you look at me because you look at me and you see me.You see me. This is me.This is me. Please,cristina,see me. See me. Jen,I am so sorry. I have you scheduled for first thing tomorrow morning. Derek... uh,I'm using your first name now... because I like you a lot and I'm starting to consider us friends, - so I'm using your first name and I'm calling you derek.- Okay. And,derek,I'm begging you,please,please,please don't make me wait another night. She's good.Try being married to her.You'll never say no again. dr. Grey. It would appear that congratulations are in order. Thank you,dr. Sloan. I'd also like it acknowledged that I offer these congratulations professionally and respectfully... without any innuendo or inappropriate body language. Acknowledged,dr. Sloan. Doou know,what's a doomsday sucker? Addison montgomery. uh,l-lexie grey. - Mark,addie,little grey.- Little grey? I am gonna have to meet you at joe's in a bit. I have a craniotomy. Little grey,I hear you're gonna be holding the doomsday sucker. Now?Great.Yeah,yeah,yes.Yes,sir. - O.R.Two.I'll see you there.- okay. doomsday sucker! Can you believe little grey and,uh-- hey,did you hear derek was gonna propose to meredith? - How about that?- And I'm off to surgery. What? Iz... what's going on with you? Nothing. I'm fine. You saw.The interns are not a bunch of losers. They know things.They're gonna make good doctors. Really,I'm fine. I'm fine. she knows nothing. Just... nothing. She's a danger to the patients,and so I told her that she could tell the chief or I could, and I wanted to let you know because you're her friend. Although for the life of me,I... I don't know how you two were ever friends. What happened? I quit. O'malley's a little narc. I'd rather be deemed a quitter than a cheater. Did you cheat your way into the program? Listen,I'm not book smart. You know that. I learn on my feet. - I thought if I came to where you were,you could...- pull you through. We've seen each otherthrough a lot. We're not 25,sleeping our way through europe anymore. We could though. Think about it.We could get on a plane tonight. - We could go-- no,no. I can'T. I have to work. I can't just... wow,you know... they've sucked the life right out the meredith I used to know-- is right here. I'm here. I just don't want to sleep my way through europe anymore. I want to be here. I want to be here. sucker at the ready? Sucker's at the ready. You're mocking me. Only a little. Damn it.damn it. What,what happened? - B.P.Ov 88 er 60. - Hang 2 units of blood. Okay,all joking aside,dr. Grey,bring in the doomsday sucker. Okay.Put it right in there.Right in here. Get in there. Oh,my god. Okay. Microsutures,please. B.P. I110 over 72. okay,get the sucker out of there. Is that it?Did you--did you get it? There's good flow. yes,we did it. And that will teach me never to mock an eager young intern again. I'm an ass. You are such an ass. I shouldn't have blurted. Y--a little warning would have been nice. but you're okay? You know,it's strange.I... I expected this horrible feeling, this wave of sadness or something to just take over, but... people get divorced... they meet new people,they remarry. I don't know.You know,maybe it just. Seeing archer in that O.R.,It just...  changed my perspective or something. But you sort of wished it'd been you first. Oh,shut it. So what,are you gonna ll derek about the-- okay,wait,wait. If we call meredith the 12 year old,what--what do we call lexie,a preschooler? She's a woman. - oh,okay.- And I'm gonna tell him. I'm working on it. - There he is!-oh,there you go. That's the kind of welcome I deserve. joe,scotch for the neuro god. You... you were a god today. You were a god in that O.R. You slew dragons,you walked on water. You... you were a god,but now... now you need to get very tiny again... and go back in the box. How--how was your craniotomy? - It was fine.- Yeah? Yeah,and I stopped in on archer on my way out. Things are,uh,good. Good. had his mitral valve gotten too thick? oh,god.Shut up. Is that what made the cadaver so sick? but we can't-- wait,we can't remember the chorus.Come on. Yeah,we got all the way through the second verse... no. - No.- Yes,yes. - Your name starts the chorus. Your name-- yes,yes. - Addison montgomery-  he met her in the summery  it wasn't "summery. " I'd never use summery as a noun. - I met her... in the summer,she...- oh,summer,she--really? yeah. summer,she," well. That's clever. She was...  cutting up a very dead body this is why I don't stay in touch. And in her eyes,I saw my life   I knew that she would be my wife and she would breathe the life back into me ooh   for every day until eternity or until I'd be   as dead as that body - body - ah,jeez. Yeah,you got it. There you go. There you go. oh,help us.Cheers.Wonderful. God. what's happening? Page shepherd,now -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents