it takes a lifetime  to learn not to. I'm up.I'm here. What's going on? Uh,jackson's B.P.,It's a little down from yesterday. No big deal,but if we make a few calls,get pushy, maybe we could get him bumped up a few spots up on the transplant list. dr. Baey,you-- you paged me 9-1-1 at 2:30 in the morning uh,to chat? Uh,you... like to chat. - You're chatty. - Not at 2:30 in the morning. Look,he's young.He--he's near the top of the list. U.N.O.S.Will find him his organs when they find him his organs. And god knowthat staying up all night chatting about it is not gonna help. I'm gonna go get some sleep. I suggest you do the same. He's running out of time. They always are. Welcome to peds. Of all of e tools  on a surgical tray... sound judgment is the trickiest one to master. And without it,we're all just toddlers running around with 10-blades. Oh,I asked them not to wake you. I said,"whatever it is,it can wait till morning. dr. Shepherd needs his beauty sleep. " Your latest head C.T.Shows that the brain contusions are expanding. I'm gonna get you into the O.R. Right away. This--this brain thing,it--it could kill me? If we don't treat it,yes. you find that funny? I'm sorry.It's just that they're gonna execute me in five days. Five days. Might as well take my chances with this brain thing,right? - mr. Dunn-- you gotta admit,it's a nice way to go- plenty of attractive females... all the jell-o I could want. Have you tried the strawberry? - It'll change your life. - You're refusing surgery? Either way,I'm going to die,dr. Shepherd. Might as well do it on your watch. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: YTET-°îµÂÖí  ¸¡¸¡</font> GREY ANATOMY eason 5 Episode12</font> why do you have to live in meredith's attic? How am I supposed to sneak out of here with that frat pty going on downstairs? Don't you kids ever sleep? They're cleaning the house for dr. Shepherd's mother. mrs. Scoming? - To seattle? - So? So that woman practically raised me,taught me right from wrong, and if she found out that I was... with you,that we were... you're meredith grey's little sister. You are forbidden fruit. You are 25. - You're a fetus. - 24. I skipped third grade. I feel dirty. 10 bucks says she tanks in the first 5 minutes. I have faith in death.Shll make a good impression. She's holding that bottle of tequila like it's a life vest. Mer,don't listen to them. - She's gonna love you. - No.Mothers don't love me. Mothers like bright and bubbly and happy and... izzie. Mothers love izzie. They do.Mothers do love izzie. My mother would've loved you. Uh,I stashed all the tequila,took the condoms out of the cookie jar. I also replaced all your trashy magazines with back issues of the "annals of surgery," okay? does it smell musty in here? My mom's house smells like peppermint. - It's so homey. - My house isn't homey? - I feel at home. - I was raised in a hellhole. - This place is a palace. - Why isn't my house homey,george? I can't explain it.It's just a feeling. Well,izzie can't fix a feeling. She is freaking out,people.Just tell her something I can fix. Rebecca peed on that couch cushion. I've been sleeping there for weeks. Thanks,alex.You're... a good friend. You're welcome.Keep drinking. - Ma. - Hey,there you are. - ***** - I probably,uh,shoulda called first. Hey,I hear your mom's coming into town. Good times. you'll be fine. Just keep the talking to a minimum. Short.Short little nuggets of meredith-- that's all anyone really needs. And if you start to get stuck,just smile. You have a really great smile. Ooh.That's just scary. Um,mer,are you sure you want to wear your hair like that? You're wearing an alarmingly high ponytail. Your mother is coming. mr. Dunn,the swelling in your brain is increasing rapidly. The longer we wait to operate,the worse it gets. Excellent. - Go,team. - I strongly suggest you reconsider surgery. Have you ever seen the inside of a maximum security prison? Ie,this is the place to do it,in good company. You two will vigilantly monitor mr. Dunn's elevating I.C.P.S. You will do hourly neuro exams. When he goes unconscious,which he will,we'll rush him to rgery. You can't do that. Can--can--can he do that? When you're unconscious and can no longer make sound medical decisions, a 2-doctor consent is all that's needed to treat you. For god sake,I'm gonna be dead as a doornail in five days. - dr. Grey,you're a reasonable - we're done here. Would you fix a broken television before you throw it out? He's got a point. He's trying to cheat the system,and we're not gonna let him do it. What's the problem? I have a little infection from a little surgery I had done. Yeah,in hong kong. My crazy-ass brother went and got crazy-ass elective surgery in hong kong. - Who does that? - Short people. Desperate short people. I had my legs lengthened. I couldn't find a surgeon who would do it here. Look,it's barbaric,okay? They--they broke his legsand they hooked him up to some sort of medieval torture device. Yeah,that's to pull the bones apart. That's the lengthening process.It's a controversial procedure.I don't perform it myself. - Could I take a look? - Yeah. they said it'd give me 2 whole inches. Any word from U.N.O.S.? Not yet.dr. Karev is staying in constant contact with them. How much longer will we have to wait? Are--are livers and intestines hard to find? Well,jackson's blood type is o-positive. It shouldn't be too difficult to match. But he's had blood transfusions,which means there could be extra antibodies that are hard to match,so we need to be patient,melinda. In the meantime,um,I need to run some tests on jackson to check his electrolytes. we're gonna do everything we can to help your son,mrs.Prescott. All of us. you.You're squirrelly. I'm sorry? I don't trust you.I don't trust you in this hospital and I certainly don't trust you with my patient of three years who's extremely important. - I - zz. If you want to stay on this case,you will stay out of my way, you will do what I tell you,and if you have something to say to or about my patient, you will raise your hand and wait to be called on. You--you've got to be kidding me. yes. This is a joke,right? Do I look like I'm laughing? You're upset. I don't get upset with patients. You're mad at me for killing those women. I get that. Would you feel differently if you knew that I was beaten as a child? Every day. It's how I learned to read. I-I used to hide under the sink and sound out the letters on the detergent box. Is that true? Did it make you feel better? Whatever helps you sleep at night,dr. Grey. Did you do something bad? Traffic violation. what's wrong with you,kid? I need a new liver and a new intestine. Yeah? You want mine? Are you in the north terminal? Well,that's where she's supposed to be. No,no,do-don't go anywhere.Just wait. Never mind.I found her. You know,there's a town car waiting for you at the airport. I don't need a fancy car.I just hopped on the bus.Saved you some money. So this cruise... you just happened to have a layover in seattle? Well,I've always wanted to check out the space needle. I understand you can see mount rainer from the top. Oh,really?Anything else you want to check out? You gonna take me or not? I got back-to-back surgeries,ma. You gotta give me a little more notice. Yeah,yeah.I gave birth to five doctors. I know the drill. I can wait,maybe meet your colleagues. - Is that mark sloan? - Yeah. Mark sloan. Oh,mrs.Shepherd.You look great. Oh,damn.Catch up later? Uh,oh,perfect timing. Um,mom,this is meredith. Meredith,finally. My son has been acting like a dog with his favorite bone,hiding you away. I hope you're free for lunch. I can't wait to dive in and find out all about you. Mer looks weird. Does she look weird to you? she looks like she's gonna pee her pants. Oh,crap.I made her hydrate. Meeting the family always blows.I'd never make you do that. Me,either. One of the many perks of dating a dead guy. Who's that lady touching meredith? Derek's mom. Oh,that's why she looks so weird. She does not look weird,okay? I've got it under control.Mer is doing... great. Looks like she's gonna pee. dr. Yang,you mind checking on some of my post-ops?E.R. Is swamped with traumas. Also,would you like to go on a date with me? I'm sorry? A date. You said not to play hot and cold with you,so,um,I'll pick you up around 8:00? Oh,and make sure mr. Kenner in room 2-2-1-2 gets that enema.He's been holding on to it for days. okay. 'Cause that wasn't weird. see,another perk of dating a dead guy-- no awkward dates. 2-to-1,but who's counting? Why can't I have that nice man's organs? He offered. You know how in school,there are rules you have to follow? Well,the same goes for here. We have to follow the rules,or else we get in big trouble. And what that man offered you... was definitely against the rules. She's fighting with the insurance people again. You're not supposed to worry about stuff like that. Tell her something good today,even if nothing good happens,she needs good news. I've got a body full of-- of high-quality parts here. 3-day liquidatn sale. Everything must go. Even if we could do it,you have to be a match for him, which means we'd have to crossmatch your blood with his. Good thing we're both in a hospital then. let--let me save a life before I go. It's the--it's the least I can do. So you really expect me to believe that you want to do this for a kid? Whatever helps you sleep at night,dr. Grey. The infection's made its way deep into the bone, so we're gonna have to take the rods out of your legs... and clean out the dead,infected skin and bone. You mean I won't get my 2 inches?All that pain for nothing? mr. Ruben,at this point,you're lucky to keep your legs at all. Yeah,that's easy for you to say. What are you,5'10",5'11"? Leave the doctors,alone,chuck.They're just trying to help. Oh,shut up,gary. You are over 6 feet tall. Do you have any idea what it's like to have everybody you know literally look down on you? Or how humiliating it is to have to ask for help from a teenager at the grocery store 'cause you can't reach the top shelf? I've gone on two dat in the last six months,both with women I met over the internet, and hey,no one wants to see me again because no one wants to date the short guy. - Chuck-- I wanted those 2 inches,gary. I nted them so bad. It's 2 inches. I mean,wh-what's the difference between 5'3" and 5'5"? 5'5" you can say out loud. Okay,I made a list of the best pediatric G.I.S in the country. I figure,between the two of us,we can get one of these guys to come down and do a tips procedure on him. Doing a tips on a kid who needs a new liver? - Yeah.- That--that's like putting a band-aid on a bullet wound. - Well,you have a better idea? - I do. Waiting for U.N.O.S.Trusting the process. W-why can't you do that? Because I'm tired of waiting while this kid is getting worse. Jackson's tired.His mother is,too. The only one who's happy to sit on her ass and twiddle her thumbs and wait is you! Whoa.I have been patient with you.I have been nice. But I am really over you... hey. Constantly telling me how to do my job. - Okay,somebody has to-- dr. Bailey. I've got 20 other kids in this hospital¡ª - I'm concerned about this one child - shut up! Respectfully,all right? Respectfully,shut up. Because we've got organs. ****** I hate flying. I always feel much closer to death on a plane than in the O.R. Don't you? I do now. I met izzie the other day. She's very pretty. So you--you think she's the one? I-I don't know. Well,I mean,we're at that age,right? Marriage,babies... that the plan? I don't know! I'm sorry.I-I don't make plans,okay? If there's a future there,great. If not,whatever.I'll get over it.I always do. Okay? Okay. I think it's nice. Your date. I think you and the pig murderer make a really good couple. Okay. What are you gonna do on your date?What are you nna talk about? - Why do you care? - Yeah,why do you care? You only get to do a first date once. It should be... fun and sexy and... ask really good questions. Ask him why he first decided he wanted to save lives. Ooh,ask him what his best surgery ever was. I know how to go on a date. Why is meredith eating pot roast? It's a show lunch for the mommy. She's freaking out.That ponytail?It's gonna blow. Derek tells me you--you,uh,grew up right here in seattle. Are your parents... mm. Dead. Mer's mother died last year. Oh,I'm so sorry. And your father? Oh.You know,I... should go check on the patient who's the serial killer... who's here. Not killing people,so that's good. - I should go. - Yeah. Family isn't her favorite topic,okay? She's had a rough time of it. - I didn't say a word. - I know what you're thinking. I was thinking... it must be awful for you... treating a murderer. Dad died a long time ago.I'm fine. Grey,what are you doing? If you sleep with me,you lunch with me.New rule. You let interns sit with you at lunch,dr. Sloan? That is so cool. Oh,you want to go halfsies with me on that cookie? uh,what are you gonna trade me for it,huh? You guys,they have tater tots! I have to go. Mark. Mrs. Shepherd. - You've been avoiding me. - What? You have that same guilty look on your face as you did - when you were 10 years old and you put derek's favorite frog into the microwave. I never pressed "start. " What's going on? I'm sleeping with her. Oh,mark!Not again. - How could you? - No,no. No,not meredith. God,no. Meredith's ltle sister. Which one is she? The,uh,the... one with the juice box. Are my new organs here yet? Mm,not yet. But we're gonna get you all prepped now. So that we can put them in as soon as they get here. When you wake up,you're gonna be a brand-neboy with brand-new parts. I can't believe this is it. The thought of us getting to live our lives outside of this hospital... - don't get me wrong,miranda.I - love our chats. But it'll be nice not to see my face every day? so freakin' nice. it's just a kid. Yep.Let's go get his organs. Am I hallucinating,or is that a really high ponytail? you're not hallucinating. But once your brain starts to herniate,I can't promise anything. So I'm really circling the drain here? You should just take my organs right now,help that poor kid. Oh,they found him organs.They're flying them over right now. He's gonna be fine. did you know that they let you choose? Hanging or lethal-- you get to pick your poison,literally. Which one would you choose? medically speaking,which one'S... better? well,with hanging,your neck breaks,which severs your spinal cord, which causes your blood pressure to drop to nothing, and you lose consciousness. You don't actually die for several minutes. And with lethal injection,they inject an anesthetic first, which puts you to sleep,and then a paralytic, which stops your diaphragm and your lungs,and then potassium, which stops your heart. was,um... was I a match? yes,you were. Can I help you with something? Were you looking for Dr. Shep-- are you a good girl? I--what? A good girl. I don't mean perfect. I mean... relatively speaking. - Are you? - Yes. How many sexual partners have you had? I won't judge. Um... six. No,s-seven. K-kinda six. But kinda seven. - Criminal record? - Speeding ticket. - How fast? - 12 miles or. That's fast. Well,it wasn't too-- it wa--it was way too fast. But I was--I was downhill and I was--ias-- I was coasting,ma'am. Now I don't suppose you can tell me... where the gift shop is? first floor,east wing. it's like pudding in here. this is exactly why I don't do this procedure. I mean,you're living with broken legs for months. You're in excruciating pain. God,all for a few inches. pain and agony for a little bit of pleasure. I get it. If it's that bad,why don't you just stop sleep-- - doing what you're doing? - Because it doesn't feel bad when I'M... doing it. it's good. It's great. and maybe if you weren't so scared of getting burned, you'd feel the same. you know,I used to walk tall around here. I used to walk tall. Then... came george. He took off at least an inch. Then erica went and left me. That shaved off a few more. I got shorter. All that humiliation,it makes you shorter. So,yeah,I am scared of getting hurt because one more personal disaster right now would cut me off at the knees. so,uh,valentine's day? Personally,I mean,I think you can't go wrong with jewelry. If you want,I can recommend some local plac-- what is wrong with you? What? We just took a liver and an intestine from a little kid-- a dead little kid-- and you don't even care. You're talking about rainbows and relationships and crap. What the hell is wrong with you? You don't think that I know that they just pulled the plug on a kid? You don't think I get that? You don't think I know about the tiny,tiny coffin they're gonna stick him in? I know about the tiny coffins. I see them all the time, in my sleep. So if you don't mind,I'm gonna keep talki relationships and rainbows and crap, and I'm gonna make plans for tomorrow, because that's what you do,karev. You make plans. You have to. You turn your back on the tiny coffins and you face forward... to the next kid. - So how's our death row guy? - Oh,he's pissing me off. He has blossoming brain contusions now,and he's refusing surgery. He thinks that's gonna get him a stay of execution? No,he'd just like to die here. He wants to control it,wants to choose. I went a little overboard buying bears for your nieces. - Mom,this is major owen hunt. - Major? I was navy nurse for 25 years. - Where were you stationed,major hunt? - In the thick of it,in iraq. Welcome home. You must have stories. Not any worth telling,ma'am. - I finished your post-ops. - Thank you,Dr. Yang. So what was your best surgery ever? - What? - Nothing. I,uh... stupid. - finishing the vena cava. - Anastamosis looks good. Now all that's left is to release the clamps. You should do the honors,miranda. He's your patient. thank you,Dr. Robbins. call on me. call on me. Call on me! There's a spot on the duodenum. What the hell is that? - I don't feel too good. - I.C.P.Is critical.Is critical. We have to get him down to the O.R, No. No. We have to get you to surgery. I'm not scared of dying. I just don't want to do it strapped down to a table like some a-animal. Please,please... please,Dr. Grey... let me go. push the paralytics. Okay,start bagging him. Intubate and get him into the O.R. I need another doctor's signature... consent to operate... all right,sign. sign the form. Meredith,sign the form. meredith! Sign the form. yang,you're scrubbing in. ******************Is there a source? This can't be happening. This just cannot be happening,not to this little boy. - This is not happening. This is not happening. - These organs are dead,Dr. Bail they're making him sicker. Keeping them in is doing him more harm than good. - Sir,maybe if- - he will die if you leave them in. He'll die if we take them out,sir. maybe we could try a portacaval shunt. It'll keep the circulation going and bypass the liver. - That's just a temporary fix. - Anybody got any better ideas? Then I don't see what choice we have,Dr. Bailey. - How much time do we have to find him new organs? - 24 hours. Get some more laps in there,too. We're gonna put this piece of skull in Mr. Dunn's abdomen. Why? To allow the swelling in the brain to resolve. The circulation of the abdomen preserves the bone marrow of the skull piece. Very good. Thanks for letting me scrub in. I guess we finally see eye to eye on something. are we ever gonna find out why it clotted off? Sometimes the body-- the pieces just break. - I'm like that. - Yeah? You dying for no good reason? No,my life is in pieces... all the time. And... and they just keep breaking. And as soon as I fix one,another one goes down. Listen,I'm not trying to piss you off by being here. I'm just trying to... keep it together,you know,piece by pce. That ponytail... looks ridiculous. - She's a lovely girl. - A lovely girl who's off-limits. Baloney. She isn't the problem. You are. You have very low expectations for yourself,mark sloan. Since you were a little boy,you always have. And it's time to raise them. She's 24. You have the emotional maturityof a horny 15 year old. You need young. so we had to shave off about a quarter-inch of leg bone in order to save the legs. You mean I'm shorter? I'm a quarter of an inch shorter? It's a quarter-inch. It's not a big deal. Yeah? I am under 5'3". I am 5'2 and 3/4s? Oh,no,but,hey,uh,maybe I could still just squeeze over that height requirement at the amusement park. Oh! Do you know why I never played varsity basketball? - 'Cause you didn't make the team? - No,no,no. I-I didn't try out for the team because I didn't want to make you feel bad for being too short to play. even now,if I have a bad day,I can't even talk to my own brother about it, because maybe you had a bad day,and you're short. I couldn't even get depressed about lori leaving me because you don't have a girlfriend and you're short! And by the way, the reason you don't have a girlfriend-- it's not because you're short. It's because all you ever do is talk about being short! No one knows how short you are except for you,dude. No one cares. I'm an ass,aren't I? Yeah. And you're short. Good night,Mrs. Shepherd. Nice to meet you. Major hunt,how have you been sleeping? I'm sorry? When I can't sleep,I use valerian root. I know you doctors don't think much of herbs,but I find it helps. Have you been sleeping... since you came back? I'm fine,ma'am. I... sleep just fine. Good night. - How does your head feel,Mr. Dunn? - Why didn't you just let me go? You're not dying here. What are you so scared of,Dr. Shepherd,losing control? I.C.P.S are stable. Continue neuro exaMs. And keep an eye on his blood pressure. I don't want it dropping overnight. Sure. Or maybe you know that,deep down,you're no better than I am. You decide who lives and dies all the time, but for you,they call it medicine,not a capital offense. Nobody gets to choose, not me, not a patient in this hospital, and certainly not the five women you slaughtered. So when I say you're not gonna diin this hospital, I mean there is no way in hell I will let you die in this hospital. You don't get off that easy. I am nothing like you. Meredith,I just looking for Derek I thought you'd be with him. you seem like a very nice person. You've been very kind,and you've gen me a chance. And it seems like you want to like me. So it's only fair you should know... the pink and the ponytail and the smiling with t teeth I'm a fraud. It's fake. I'm not the kind of girl mothers like. I'm not happy and bubbly. I'm dark and cloudy, because I'm the type of crazy person who... feels bad for serial killers. It was very nice to meet you,meredith. What's wrong? I want to meet your mother. Iz. I want to go on a date with you,denny. I want to... eat dinner at a restaurant and not look like a crazy person talking to myself. I want to walk down the street with you and hold your hand. I want to tell my friends about you. I want... I want... what? I want you alive. Are you breaking up with me,izzie stevens? I think I am. - you want to get a drink? - I would,but I have plans. Right. Walk tall. What? All you can do is be brave enough to get out there. You fought. You loved. You lost. Walk tall,torres. You're lat you're really late. They probably closed the kitchen. I didn't want you to thi that I stood you up. Are you drunk? I haven't been on a date in a five years,since before I entered the military, and I-- I just wanted to take the edge off. - You're drunk? You're late and drunk? I will make this up to you,I promise. This is not what you deserve. I know this is not what you deserve,and I will make is up to y,I-I promise. Okay,before you say anything else,Dr. Good times,you need to shower. You smell like a distillery. No. Not here. I... your father... always wanted you to have this for the right girl. Addie wasn't right,clearly. You spent less than an hour witheredith. You rely even know her. I know enough. I know... it's easier to have compassion for a good person than a murderer. I know how angry you still are about what happened to dad. Of course I'm angry. Aren't you? I still can't sleep on his side of the bed. The mattre is wearing unevenly. But no... no,I'm not angry,not anymore. Sweetheart. You see things in black and white. Meredith doesn'T. No. You need a spoonful of that. You need her. She's the one. yang! Yang! I thought of it. I thought of my best surgery ever. - You're weari shoes in my shower. - My first blast injury in theield. The body was mangled-- homemade explosive device, cooper and wires embedded 5 inches deep in the abdomen, arms and legs hanging on by threads of skin. I'd never seen anything like it,not in a textbook,not in residency. Incredible,body full of holes-- traumaurgeon's dream. I put tourniquets on where I could,started tying off the arteries with my bare hands, but the bleeding was everywhere-- stomach,chest. The best pressure I could think of was my own body, so I-I laid there for two hours on top of him, just not moving,trying to keep that dam from bursting with my hands, my knees,my elbows. Body full of holes, and he never bled ou I wouldn't let him. He made it to the hospital,he made it home. A month later,he... he sent me a letter thanking me for saving his life,and then he shot himself. That was my best surgery. And my worst. We're human. We make mistakes. We misestimate... we call it wrong. But when a surgeon makes a bad judgment call, it's not as simple. So,uh, I checked,and,uh,we have a few vacation days coming up. Maybe we could take a road trip? Stop in iowa,see some corn? - Doesn't your mom live in iowa? - Yeah. I think she'd like to meet you. Or not. Bad idea. Forget it. There's a bottle of tequila in the laundry room that has our name on it. Don't move. alex... we gotta talk. People get hurt. They bleed. I'm so sorry.I just heard. What happens now? Now we wait for a miracle. So we struggle over every stitch. We agonize... over every suture. during surgery,Dr. Shepherd removed a piece of your skull, is now only covered by dura mater. It's virtually exposed. If somehow that area were to be damaged, it would cause intracranial bleeding, which would cause your brain to swell worse than it did today,x which would cause your brain to swell worse than it did today,which would result in brain death. So as your doctor, I need you to be very careful not to damage it. Do you understand what I'm saying? Dr. Grey... are you doing this for the kid or for me? Because the snap judgments, the ones that come to us quickly and easily, without hesitation... whatever helps you sleep at night. They're the ones that haunt us forever. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-