Pretty soon,the intruder duplicates becomes two. Then those two become four and those four become eight. Then... before your body knows it... it's under attack. You can't put that in there. They told us to grab a cubby. Yeah,I know.It's just... we keep it empty for a reason. Can you just take your stuff out? There are some empty ones over there you can use. I don't think so. I said take it out. Great.I got the crazy one next to me. You want to fight?'Cause I will. I will fight you you're pretty tiny. - Come on.Come on. - I could take you down in just a couple of seconds. Come on.Stop. It's an invasion. The question for a doctor is,once the invaders have landed,once they've taken over  your body...<i> they took george's cubby. how the hell  do you get rid of them? Traduction: Bebbop, Clochette, Luoleilina, Dark_Chii Relecture: Luoleilina, Clochette Namelimitsuck, Thirteen Locus ( je suis pas sur), confortable locus fedding on our surgeries There should be at least a couple of days where they act like guests before they put their feet up on the coffee table. And what's with the orange scrubs? - What,ours aren't good enough for 'em? - We ran out. They're on back order.Randall from the supply company says there'll be here in a week. That's what you learn when you lie here all day. Why bother ordering new ones? We could just give these to our replacements.we're not gonna be replaced by anybody. - If I have to become a coroner... - No one is becoming a coroner. Cristina,tell him. Tell him what?They're here.It's over. We are not some stupid hosts. They can't invade us. They can't attach themselves to our faces and then while we're eating spaghetti, explode out of our chests and skitter across the floor. This is our ship. This is ourship. excuse me. Are you are you quoting a sigourney weaver movie? - Shut up. - That's what happens when you live here. You watch a lot of tv. We own this hospital. We were born in this hospital. And we will hold this hospital with our last gasping breath. I really don't want to be a coroner. I don't like dead people. Go out there and go get surgeries before they take them.Go! And I want a full report by the end of the day. And what is wrong with you? I-I don't know what i'm fighting for. Surgeries,cristina.Surgeries. There will be a cardio god here again one day. And when there is,you don't want to be out of practice. Now go. is this overflow from mercy west? Their--their E.R. Closed for good last night.Everyone's coming over here. Another one of the perks from the merger. -Our new attending. - First day back? - You picked a good one. It's nice and quiet. Not a lot going on. Thank you. Where do you want us? At this point,anywhere is good. At mercy west,we do zones. When it's super busy,we just give everyone a zone, space. The nurses put a person in that space,you know it's your pient.Helps you get to 'em quicker. This is the E.R.Not a school yard.We're not playing four square. - I like it. - What? It's a good idea.Let's try it.What's your name? - Jackson avery. - dr. Avery,dr. Hunt. It's all yours.Zone away. let's go. - Chif - what do you need ? I know you still have cuts to make at the resident level, and I just want you to keep in mind that izzie stevens is not 100% back yet. I mean,she's recovering. Look, she just... she needs this. I have a hospital to run,karev. I have two hospitals to run. That wasn't cool. - What? - In the locker room. My friend should've left that cubby empty.I'm sorry. - Well,she's obviously not,so-- it's the first day of school. Everyone's on edge.I'll probably kill someone before the day is through. I'm charles,by the way.Charles percy. it might be kinda hard for you not to talk to me all day. It can be done. I almost didn't talk to my family for a car ride across the whole country-- 10 days,15 states,not a peep. Just read books,pretended I was a hostage. Izzie stevens. Nice to meet you, Izzie stevens. Do you happen to know the key code to the research library? I was here last night,and it was closed. It took me two years to get that code. I need every advantage I can get. Did the gentleman from the waiting room ever find you? What? It's the gentleman who could possibly be your father. What? daddy. Calliope. What... what are you doing here? I came to see you. Why? Calliope,we used to talk.Every sunday,we used to talk. I'd wait for your call,and you'd tell me everything,all about your crazy adventures. even when you were in trouble,you'd still call,and we worked it out. We'd always work it out,mija. Hmm? daddy. - I'm sorry. I' m... I'm sorry things got so... - Sure. But the fact that you came... daddy,is that father kevin? Hello,calliope. Wh--are you t-- two here to... you think you can pray away the gay. We can just sit and talk. Oh,no.You can't pray away the gay. Calliope iphegenia torres! You can't pray away the gay! The man flew 3,000 miles to make me straight... with a priest. I'm lucky they didn't march into the E.R. - Swinging incense,all--all hepped up for an exorcism.- - Are you done yet? no! He came here to disinfect you from my life.You n't find that abhorrent? - I do,but - There is no "but," What,you're gonna you're gonna tell me you get where he's coming from? Maybe you should try and talk to him. I have nothing to say. If he wants to throw away our relationship after 30 years,then that's his decision. He hasn't done anything here. You're the one who changed the game. You didn't expect a little understanding when you came out to your parents? I never had boyfriends... ever. I had a poster on my wall of cindy crawford,and I wasn't just looking at her mole. It wasn't news to my mom when I brought somebody home named joanne. But you,you dated men your whole life.You loved men.You even married one. you want to talk about 30 years of a relationship? You know,he's been consistent for 30 years. And all of a sudden,you're a whole new girl. Cut him some slack. Sit down and have a conversation. Give him room to be a little shocked. I hate you. 'Cause I'm right and I'm awesome. thanks for being my tour guide through all this first-day madness. - We both got assigned zone five,so... - I know it's not like you had any choice. Still,you're a peach to pretend otherwise. - Being the new kid is... - A little scary,I know. Of course,you were here when that psycho-intern cabal was marching around chopping out each other's organs. now that must have been scary. I'm dr. Kepner. Oh handcuff ! I'm not an ax murderer. I just broke in to someone's house. Dude came after me with a golf club,beat the crap out of me. Look,you don't need the cop.I can barely move. - Roll him. - Oh,we'll keep the cop. he's got multiple contusions and ecchymosis over his back. He's gonna need lumbar and thoracic films. Down. And by the way,it was one organ--an appendix.It wasn't a psycho cabal. Good to know. hey,sarah. dr. Stevens.  I have to go.The doctors are here. My sister and her daughters want you all to promise them it's a good kidney. it's a good kidney. There,all right?bye. Uh,sarah fremont,age 27.End-stage renal disease. On dialysis for three years,waiting for a kidney. She's down to her last access site. That's the polite way of saying they've run out of places to stick the needles. Ms.Fremont has a subclavian catheter for access. Why is this not ideal? It's difficult to obtain sufficient blood flow through... You guys raise hands. Frank Nusbaum,42,multiple,mostly superficial stab wounds. Vital signs stable. His buddy's got a lacerated palm. - Got it.Thanks,ray. - I'm not his buddy! He touched my little girl,my baby! She's not a baby. She's 19 years old. There ain't a scrap of baby left there,don. On three.One,two,three. We got a bleeder here. Draw me up some lidocaine and,uh,get me a lac tray with 3-0 silk. - Need any help? - Sir,this is gonna pinch. He came at me with a carving knife. - He tried to cut off my-- - Come on.I was gesturing! You ran into the knife. - You're an idiot and a pervert. - Tie. She used to babysit your brats. I can't believe I ever let her in your house! I love her,don. I love her,and she loves me. I'm gonna kill him. Easy,all right? Let him die.Just let him die. It's what he deserves. Can you shut him up? - Are you sure there's nothing I can do ? - there. You know what?That's how we do it on our side of town. Nice try.This is my zone.He's my patient. Yet I'm the one actually helping him. How long have you been having stomach pains? A few days now. They keep getting worse. - My dad a fell a couple of months ago,had a stable hip fracture - Excuse me. - This is my patient. - Not anymore. Fine.Good luck doing an h&p without a chart. I'll just add this to the chart later. If you can find it. This is the nurses' lounge. It is literally always  someone's birthday,so if you're nice to the nurses,you will get cake. The lab. How's the I.L.-2 going,dr. S.,Good? Good. I.L.-2,huh? - Are you feeling - Stable for now. And you don't want anyone to know because they'll be blown away by the fact that you're already back at work and they'll only be able to think of you as some sort of awesome super woman,which clearly,you are. You know what? The fake flattery? It's kinda gross. You want tknow something deeply personal about me? You see that girl?Her name's reed. I have the biggest crush in the world on her,and she doesn't even know I'm alive. She calls me charlie. Nobody named charlie ever got the girl, charlie brown,charlie manson. I'm not trying to minimize your cancer or anything,but this really sucks for me. You like her? I love her. 43-81. What's that? The code to the research library. "While performance has been evaluated,the largest considerations have been budgetary. " This is the speech we want you to use when you're firing staff-- these exact words.Don't deviate. I'm not using your speech to fire people,and I don't need an H.R.Chaperone. Thank you for your time. Chief,are you familiar with Megan Nowlan? Mm,yes,yeah. Uh,e was an intern. She was married to steve mostow. I fired her.I know how to fire people. I don't like it,but I know how to do it,and I do it well. You used an e-mail to fire her,and now she's suing the hospital for wrongful termination, claims she was fired because she was prnant. This is the speech. Don't deviate. T&l spine films showed a burst fracture at t-12. And here you can see evidence of instability because the veebral height loss is greater than 50%, which implies both A.L.L. And P.L.L.Are disrupted. What's that mean? I got a broken back? I'll still be able to walk,right? You will still be able to walk,burgle,have a full life.Ideas? Decompression via corpectomy and reconstruction with strut graft and anterior instrumentation. I might be out of my league here. She has a photographic memory. We're all out of that league. And here I was thinking you could do transpedicle screws with a posterior approach. Seemed like a good idea,but,you know,maybe not. Let's go with the pedicle screws. Get him into pre-op,and let me know when his test results come back. I'm on it. Frank.Oh,my god. Honey,are you okay? I'll be fine,sweetheart. Get off of her,you perv! Daddy. I will kill you,you son of a bitch! Security! stop! nice work. Thanks. I got it from here. Tackle like that,you had to play football. I played a little in college. - Safety? - And wide receiver,yeah. Offense and defense.Impressive. Can you bring that guy over later? I want to thank him. He saved my life. No,I saved your life. I'm still saving it. - You paged? - Yes.I ran a C.T. On your guy with the tummy ache. Turns out he has an adrenal mass. Thought you might want to see the scans. I was waiting until I got the lab results to order a C.T. You stole my lab results? And look,now I get a surgery for all my trouble. excuse me,dr. Karev,my dad and I have some more questions. He's still pretty upset. Yeah,I'll be there in a minute.Thanks. I'll take those. You gonna fight back at some point or just let her bury you? She's not burying me. She's new.She's just finding her footing. She found her footing on the back of your neck. What do you care? I don't know. I like you. No,I like that. stop. That's good. Find her open window. Everyone has one-- a we spot,undefended. An open window or a key hidden in a fake rock,that's how I do it. Yeah,well,you're a criminal,and I'm not. It's not a crime to do to her what she's doing to you. Which is what,exactly? Making you look like an idiot. - Have you talked to any of them? - Who? The mercy westers. - Yeah. - And? And... I love you. No,not that. I need to know what's going on out there. I need to knowhow cristina's doing. She was cardio deprived and depressed. Are you and cristina in a dark and twisty place? Are you having the dark and twisties? We are. Both of you are dark and twisty? I told you,we are. Excuse me dr. Hunt, you paged me? Your patient was having neurologic symptoms and you didn't notice,karev? Lucky for you dr. Adamson did and correctly diagnosed carotid stenosis. Book an O.R. For the afternoon. What about the surgeryfor his adrenal tumor? Your dad has a 90% blockage in his right carotid artery. We need to operate on that first. Now I know that's a lot to digest,but dr. Adamson here will keep you informed,all right? With all due respect,dr. Hunt,mr.Goldman is my patient. - I found the tumor - And when I operate on the tumor,you can scrub in on that. In the meantime,I want you to help dr. Adamson  the patient for the C.E.A. - Sir... - Whatever she needs,karev. Neurologic symptoms? You didn't put that in the chart. Oh,I didn't? all right,fine. I get it. I sprang this on you.It was a lot to take in.And... you feel like you don't have much experience with gay people, even though uncle berto hasn't been single for 60 years for no reason. - Calliope - It's still an adjustment. That said... you should've adjusted by now. I mean,you're supposed to love me no matter what. That's... what a parent does. I love you with all my heart. But with all that's going on with you now,it'S... look,m scared for you. It's an abomination. It's an eternity in hell. Let's not start with words like "hell. " Oh,that's why you flew 3,000 miles,to tell mewas going to hell? I thought you came here to apologize. I can't apologize,calliope. I don't understand what happened or where I went wrong. Where you went wrong? Okay,leviticus. "Thought shalt not lie with a man as one lies with a female. " Oh,don't do that,daddy. - Don't quote the bible at me. - "It is an abomination. " "The outcry of sodom and gomorrah is great, and their sin is exceedingly grave. - Carlos,this is not what we - Jesus" a new commandment that I give unto you that you love one another. - Romans,"but we know that the law - Jesus--" he who is without sin among you,let him cast the first stone. " So you admit it's a sin? "Blessed are the merciful for they shall obtain mercy"--jesus. "Blessed are the pure in heart,for they shall see god"--jesus. "Blessed are those who have been persecuted "for righteousness sake for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. " Jesus is my savior,daddy,not you. And jesus would be ashamed of you for judging me! he would be ashamed of you for turning your back on me. He would be ashamed. with this kind of injury,there is a chance that you could end up with severe weakness in your legs. That's okay. I carry the stuff out with my arms,not my legs. This is serious,billy. You're gonna fix me up fine. Listen... I've got a present for you. You stole her notebook? Keep it down.You want my cop all over this? Don't you get it? This is her open window. I don't--I don't want her open window. "You're not just a good doctor. You're a great doctor. " "You are the future of medicine. "  "only you can keep you down. " And my favorite is,uh... "no one can tell it's plastic surgery. " Oh,my god. I think it's the nose,but it could be the boobs.What do you think? Give it back to her,and stop reading it. "Future of medicine" alert. You haven't seen my notebook anywhere,have you? Small,red, I was holding it all morning. I'm not sure. So much for that photographic memory. Good luck finding it. this blows. getting your ass kicked? Shut up.I hear yours got a standing ovation in the E.R. Yours is the one who saved the whole E.R.From the maniac with the hammer? He didn't save anyone. He did some stupid ninja leap and then tripped a guy. I used actual medicine to stop a person from dying. Well,mine has a notebook,a notebook that she takes notes in, notes of a very personal nature,and I stole it. - You what? - Give it. No, I am not sinking to their level. They are vindictive and they are aggressive and--and they are not  team players. and if we are not careful,that spirit is going to infect our hospital. We have to fight it. Which is why you stole her notebook? and read it? She's not a very nice person. Score. You rock. - Oh no.That's not for you. - Who's it for then? Charles. Your mercy wester?! They're handing us our asses on a plate,and you're serving 'em coffee? Charles is actually kind of awesome. And if you all could get past your sad,little egos,you would realize, you can't write off  all of the mercy west residents just 'cause you feel threatened. - we don't feel threatened. - No. We feel pretty threatened. they're not here. Hallelujah. They're not eating. They're working. - Oh,my god.They don't eat lunch. - Oh,god! What's going on? Pulsatile mass over the stab wound.What are we looking at,dr. Avery? Can't be sure without an angio,but I think it's a pseudoaneurysm. I think you're right.Keep pressure on it. Let's gehim up to angio,and if it's positive,you're scrubbing in. - Thank you,sir. - But that's my patient. He was here,and you weren'T. - dr. Hunt! - What? Cristina,what? What?You know what?That doesn't matter that that's my patient or my surgery? You're prioritizing based on some sort of random code,some stupid rule you have not to favor me? This--this is one surgery. forget it. the woman does whatever I ask. I want something...  she gets it for me. The research library? Anytime you want to go in,it's closed,just say the word. She gave me the code to the place. - You're kidding. - She can't do enough for me. it's like I have my own surgical bitch. didn't go well,huh? well,at least now I can move on with my life. Stop entertaining any thoughts of actually getting back together with my family. whatever.I don't need a father. I don'T... not one who won't accept me. I know. well,his vital signs are fine. B.P. Looks good. I hurt. - The neck... blood... - what? In head... ple... 12. - What's happening here? - I'm not sure. We're gonna have to,uh,hold off on the O.R. pathetic. Look,he just said a bunch of weird crap,okay? He has expressive aphasia,which means broca's area,which is the left side of the brain. You said it was the right side that was blocked. 5% of people have broca's on the right. You want to take that chance? What if it's a brain met from the tumor? Oh,right.Because you diagnosed a tumor,now it's a met. I've seen this before.Have you? Stop. Your behavior has been disgusting. I mean,all you've done all day is take pleasure in how the other one got it wrong, how they screwed it up. This is my father...  my father. And... and you are supposed to be healers. That's what you're job's supposed to be,to heal people. We're gonna run some more tests,ma'am. We're... very sorry. thank you. - dr. Stevens,can i talk to you for a minute? - Go away. Picked up the labs for you.If you want,I can take care of the dialysis. I've got this. I don't need a surgical bitch. Thanks. Izzie,it wasn't personal. That stuff,it just... comes with the job. I'd expect you to do the same thing to me. Outside of work,you can be friends. But inside,it's a whole different story. At least it wasat mercy west. That isn't how it is here. Here,we don't just think about ourselves. We support one another.We have each other's backs. We throw ourselves in front of buses to save the lives of complete strangers. You will never measure up to the people we've lost. Let's do a 140-base sodium,37-base biocarb and a zero-k bath with an ultrafiltration of 3.5 liters. "That,I suppose,makes everything quite all right." "Oh, this?" Cristina. Cristina, talk to me. - No. - cristina. - He wouldn'T... - What happened? here. talk to me.Tell me what happened. Nothing. Nothing is happening to me. You know,I don't I don't know what I'm doing. I'm,like,chasing after surgeries I don't care about. Do you know how long it's been since I've hela heart iny hand... since I felt that... that joy,that rush? you know... I miss burke. I-I m--I miss him all day. I miss--you know,I-I-- it's--it's not the relationship or--or the sex. I miss... every day when he was here,I held hearts. And I got picked,not because of some favoritism,but because it was just,like,it was right. And I learned.I learned. and I felt seen. And now you know what?I don't know what. I spent this entire day fighting... and I-I don't want to do it anymore. Come over here. Where are we at with billy sheehan? He's ready.I helped put him under.He's prepped and positioned. I thought we said I was handling that. Yeah,we did.I just wanted to make absolutely sure everything was ready for dr. Shepherd. Well,your first day here,and already you're making my life easier. Yeah,dr. Kepner--no,she's not just a good doctor. She's--she's a great doctor. In fact,if you ask me,she's the future of medicine. Only you can keep yourself down,right? By the way,I can tell. d-dr. Shepherd,I just need a moment. Look at this. Acute on chronic subdural hematoma. That's not mets. No,it's a brain bleed. Which would explain the aphasia and the numbness. It would explain everything. I'll tell neuro. Oh,no.Nice try.I'll tell neuro. I'm the one that said it was a brain issue. The only reason why you knew that was because I got e ball rolling by diagnosing the carotid stenosis. Can't you give it a rest?Didn't you hear what goldman's daughter said? Sorry. I'll stop if you stop. I've stopped.You can have it. Talk to arizona robbins-- she's head of neuro. She's not really head of neuro,is she? what the hell happened?! Push another 2 of ativan now. Get me new chemistries and an E.K.G. Get the crash cart in here now. Start ventilating her. Torsades?You gave her torsades? What the hell did you do to her? I didn't do anything.You were the one who was with her last. - Page bailey. - I already did. clear.Clear! I don't know you well enough to talk about her. We're not gonna do that. Most people think that I was named for the state,but it's not true. I was named for a battleship--the "U.S.S. Arizona." My grandfather was serving on the arizona when the japanese bombed pearl harbor, and he saved... 19 men before he drowned. Pretty much everything my father did his whole life was about honoring that sacrifice. I was raised to be a good man in a storm,raised to love my country, love my family and protect the things I love. When my father... colonel daniel robbins of the united states marine corps, heard that I was a lesbian,he said he only had one question. I was prepared for "how fast can you get the hell out of my house? " But instead... it was... " are you still who I raised you to be? " My father believes in country the way that you believe in god. And my father is not a man who bends,but he bent for me because I'm his daughter. I'm a good man in a storm. I love your daughter,and I protect the things I love. Not that I need to.She doesn't need it. She's strong and caring... and honorable. and she's who you raised her to be. She's alive,barely. Is she still gonna get the kidney? I'm asking the questions right now,stevens. dr. Percy here tells me that you were in charge of sarah's dialysis. - Is that true? - Yes. He also says that you were pretty upset with him. I don't see what that has to do with anything. It has to do with the fact that your mental state may have clouded your judgment, may have made you a less competent doctor, may have led you to read the labs wrong or not read them at all. Otherwise,why would you tell the tech to give sarah a zero-k bath when her potassium this morning was 3.4? You sucked all the potassium out of that woman. You stopped her heart. She's alive,but she's not getting her kidney. After three years of waiting,somebody else  will be getting her kidney. And if we don't find her another one in the next three days,she's going to be dead, and you will have killed her. The surgery went pretty well. We had good bone alignment. And I'll be back to my old self? I'll be able to get around? Get around?Yes. To where you were? No,probably not. Probably about 70%,which is good considering your injuries. I guess that means I only steal 70% as much stuff. you see this? I noticed this afternoon there were splotches all over the page,and... they're tears. She was crying when she wrote this stuff. She's scared. And these stupid little sayings,they make her feel better. This is her comfort. We stole her comfort from her. You and me,we're-- we're taking things from people,and we're leaving them at 70%. you promised. You promised my nieces I was getting this kidney. I'm sorry.I am... so,so sorry. But I am going to make this right. I'm going to get you another kidney. it's my sister. What do I tell her? I'm sorry. it must be hard,being the new people,being the invaders. But that's no excuse for you being A... I don't like you. but what I did... that was over the line. Oh,I'm sorry.I thought you wanted to see me. This is Missy Grant from human resources. You're kidding me. You're firing me? - Stevens - You can't do that. You can't fire me for-- for having cancer. I'm pretty sure that that's five kinds of illegal. This is not about the cancer. It's about the kidney patient? I made a mistake.I... but doctors make mistakes in this hospital every day. - Yes,but when there's - You let me come back after I cut an l-vad wire. That was a different era. Times have changed. dr. Shepherd and dr. Hunt... had concerns about your stamina and emotional stability. - And dr. Karev has questions about - Alex? Alex said something to you? dr. Webber. In the wake of the merger with mercy west,the needs of the hospital have changed. While performance is evaluated... the largest considerations are budgetary. There was simply no room on the staff. please don't do this to me. please don't take this away from me. I don't have anything left. please. What do you do  when the infection hits you...<i> calliope? When it takes over? I can't do this anymore.You'll,you know,see me in hell. Listen to me,please. I have to catch you. What? Your whole life,you... you've always been on a bridge,calliope,ever since you were a little girl. And you don't just walk on it either. No,you climb on the railing and you're-- you're ready to leap. And when you do,when that happens... I have to be there,I have to catch you. You don't have to catch me,dad. Yes,I do. It's my job. if this works out between you and arizona... is there a chance that maybe you'd,uh... give your mother a wedding? I think if arizona wanted to spend the rest of her life with me? Yeah,I'll put on a big white dress and dance down the aisle. How-- how about grandkids? Yes,I would imagine... When the time came... there would be kids. Does she make you happy? Yes,dad. she makes me very happy. I love you.You know that? she's not a vegetarian,is she? Because I-I don't know how much more I can take. She's not a vegetarian. I feel very old. Do you do  what you're supposed to  and take your medicine?<i> Or do you learn to live  with the thing ?<i> and hope someday  it goes away? tell me everything. Did you beat them? Did you kick their asses? Come on.I want a full report.Everything that happened. Izzie left me. She wrote a note and she left me. I don't--I don't-- I don't know if she's coming back. Wh-what do you mean,she left?Where did she go? - Go hug him. - What? Go hug him.