You were spying on me in gym class. - I'm going to kick your... - Help! Don't worry, Morgan. I got your back. Suzy, I'll take it from here. Morgan, maybe you should stay away from girls, for, like, 15 years? All right, check it out. A picture of your ex-girlfriend? That... that's why I had to come in here on my coffee break? Anna Melinda Wu. Five - two, 96 pounds, of Chinese descent. Why-why... why are we in here talking about your ex? Because today, I need your help on a mission. What kind of mission? - A spy mission, Charles. - Can you handle it? You see, I'm afraid Anna may be seeing a new guy. Whoa! Whoa! Hey, time out. - You want me to spy on Anna? - Course not, Chuck. You'd be there for moral support. You're not skilled in spy-craft. No, that's where Lester and Jeff come in. Does it shock you that 80% of my encounters with women have been completely without their knowledge? Honestly, I'm more surprised by the other 20%, Jeff. Look, buddy, I know you're going through a tough time, but I just don't feel comfortable stalking another human being. Dude, it's not stalking, okay? It's caring enough about someone to learn things about them they won't tell you themselves. Which is stalking. And I really need you on this one, so... Please, Devon, I really need you. Only got a couple minutes before I got to get to work, but if you don't mind a little drive-thru when you're used to fine dining... No. No, no, no. No. Not-not for that. I just... I need your help. This is our to-do list for our wedding. Ooh. Less fun. There's just not enough hours in the day for me to do everything myself, plus work night shifts, and plus be a sister and a friend and a girlfriend... Fiancée. My point is, is that I need you to start pulling your weight around here, okay? So you can deal with the flowers, the music and the cake. - I will handle the rest. - Babe. Babe. A marriage is a partnership. A wedding should be, too. Okay. What is this place? Whatever our friend Jeffery here doesn't guzzle down his throat, he spends on spy gear. Incredible, right? Incredibly creepy. Hey, ladies, let's go. Man your posts. Babysitting the freak show. This should be enlightening. Ah, we have visual acquisition of the target. We got ears on. Subject is on the move. Guys. Guys, we can't do this. We shouldn't be doing this right now. I mean, we're, like crazy stalkers. Shh! Charles, please! What the hell are these crazy stalkers up to? Looks like some pretty decent spy work. Would you just stop and think about what you're doing for a second? I know exactly what I'm doing, brother. I'm getting answers, man. But there are other ways of doing that. No. Absolutely. We tried cloning Anna's cell, but she's got a CDMA carrier, so we couldn't copy the SIM card. Wait, wait, wait,. Here. There's a guy. There's a guy just showed up. Quick. Let me see. Let me see. Ooh. Maybe it's her brother. Still, could be her brother. All right. Let's back it up. Abort mission. I mean, I can't compete with this guy, Chuck. He's got healthy hair, a clean smile and a killer car. Look at him. I mean, he's my worst nightmare! Yeah. I'd trust your instincts, pal. Uh, the general will be available to talk about the Jason Wang situation momentarily. Hey, how come you guys have these in here anyway? I mean, do you play? They're not toys, Chuck. If you pop the top, they are white phosphorous grenades. They can melt iron. Okeydokey. What are these, mini flamethrowers? Uh. Mint-flavored knockout spray. Oh! Really? Do you think I can have one of these? 'Cause I'm always, you know, really vulnerable out there. Jason Wang, Anna Wu's new boyfriend. Wang's a car importer, and while he has no criminal record, he runs with a dangerous crew of local Triad gangsters. A gang responsible for smuggling guns, drugs and other weapons in and out of Los Angeles. Correct, Agent Walker. We've been watching the local Triad for a while, but didn't know about Wang's involvement before Chuck's flash. Well, you're welcome. You really don't have to thank me. Not-not that you are thanking me. I guess you're really just kind of making a statement. Continue. Your mission is to determine the depth of Wang's connection to Triad. Chuck, use your social connection to infiltrate the suspect. Um, excuse me, General, but just-just to clarify... you want me to befriend my best friend's ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend? Is there a problem, Mr. Bartowski? No. Nope. No. Not a... Not a problem. I got a big problem here. The Subbers in Black presents... - Chuck Versus the Best Friend - Transcript: Yyets.net Syncro: JJbrqmz, Job22</i> Sleep well last night, Chuck? What? Actually, no. I was having... nightmares about people spying on me, Which-which... which now feels all too real. My point was that while you were still here asleep, I'm just now getting home from work. Tough night. Saving lives can get pretty gnarly sometimes. Tell me about it. So, what are your plans for today? Uh, well, you know, I mean, I-I probably have to go to work. You know? And, uh, I-I might get a pizza with Sarah afterwards - or something, you know? - Cakewalk, huh? Considering your mellow skedge, what do you say, you help out your soon-to-be brother-in-law? What'd you have in mind? Ellie wants me to find a band for the wedding, and I know how much you love music, and how busy I am. So, I was thinking, this could be a win-win situation for both of us. You want <i>me</i> to find a band for your wedding? That'd be awesome, dude. Thanks a lot. I can't do this. How can the General ask me to do this? I mean, was the woman born with stars on her shoulders? Has she never <i>had</i> a friend before? I can't just go and hang out with my best friend's ex and her new boyfriend like it's no big deal! I understand that this may be difficult for you with regard to Morgan... No. No, no, no, no. No, not difficult. Not happening! Morgan has been my best friend since kindergarten. I don't even know what he would do if he found out. I'm sorry, Chuck, but this is not an optional. It's a direct order. I can't betray my best friend! How come nobody gets that?! Semper Fidelis. It means, "always faithful" in the Marines. In civilian life, it means putting your friend's well-being above your own, huh? I salute you for that, Bartowski. Well done. Yeah. That's... Thanks, Casey. Yeah, Semper Fi. Semper Fi. You know, it's a pretty upside down world when this guy's the one picking up on the emotional nuances around here. All right, let's go tell the General. Yeah, but as much as I respect your Code of Honor, there's nothing I can do about it. Orders before honor this time, Bartowski. Go befriend Anna's new boyfriend. So, um, how would you... How would you categorize your music? I me, who-who are kind of your more major influences? You know, I'm actually not familiar with your Uncle Max's klezmer band. So, thank you anyway. - What was that about? - I'm helping Ellie and awesome find a band for their wedding. Then this, sir, is your lucky day. We'll handle it from here. - You're going to help me find a band? - Oh, no, no, you misunderstand. You've found your band. It is we. We'll play your sister's big day. Um, wait. Wait a minute. You guys have a band? - Jeff. - Lester... - Jeffster! - Jeffster! That seems very fitting. Originally, we were going to go with the name Jester, but we didn't want people to associate us with a couple of fools. Obviously not. So, what'd you do last night? Went out. Mm-hmm. Where'd you go? Please. I'm with a customer. I mean, did you go by yourself? Um... Yeah, my sister her taste runs a little more classic. But you haven't heard us. Charles, I'd hate to think you'd prejudge us. Don't be a musical bigot. Um, I'm sorry, but the answer's no. It just is no. It's a flat-out no. I'm sorry. I'm seeing someone, okay, Morgan? Well, well, well. The truth comes out. A new man, or... or am I assuming something here? I mean, it is a man, right? Because we all know about your very, very colorful past. - God, grow up, Morgan. - Oh, please. Hey. Hey, buddy. There are some customers over in refrigerators that might need some helping. All right, I clocked out a couple hours ago, so I'm on my own time here. Enough... buddy. You should probably go. All right, well, I-I hope you and your new boyfriend are very unhappy together. I'm sorry about Morgan. You've spent your whole life apologizing for him. Don't you get it? He's never going to grow up. There's a million reasons to love him, but unfortunately maturity is not on that list. So I hear... I heard that you have a new guy, new boyfriend... or whatever. Jason's great, plus an evening out doesn't involve me on his handlebars - and the Taco Bell drive-thru. - Know what you mean. I've been riding on those handlebars for years. Hey, how would you like to go on a double date or something sometime? - Really? - Yeah. Jason's having a party tonight at his showroom. I mean, only thing more expensive than the champagne will be the cars. - You and Sarah should stop by. - Sounds great. Yeah, can't wait to meet your new boyfriend. Okay. Wow. Good job. I hate you. I can't believe I have to meet her new boyfriend. Chuck and I will enter as our cover couple, get close to Wang... See if the skin-covered robot flashes on anything... What, is that supposed to be me? That's real nice. Figure out any connection Wang has to the Triad... Try to plant this GLG-20. I'll be in the van monitoring your activity. All set? Let's go. Actually, you know what? I-I've been thinking. - Stop that. - If our mission is to betray Morgan, I think we should have a second mission: To convince Anna of what she's missing without him. - Only one mission here, moron. - Oh, "moron," that's... You know, sticks and stones may break my bones... Do you want me to test that theory, Bartowski? - Not particularly. - No. Ha. So, uh, Anna, w-what's the occasion for all this? It's a car preview for an auction Jason's having tomorrow... sort of an open house for cars. Anna, these, these cars are almost the price of a house. Your boyfriend must be very successful. Although the, the true measure of a man's success is not in dollars but rather his ability to love, and if that's true, Morgan is stinking rich. I mean, wouldn't you agree, Sarah? I do miss you guys together. - You do? - I'm sure Jason's a great guy, but... I'll always think of you and Morgan as the perfect couple. And she'd say it all the time, "cute couple alert: Here comes Morgan and Anna." Cut the infomercial on the bearded loser. Wang just walked in. That is so strange. What-what's strange? That I was touching my ear? That's... no, that's eczema, which is totally normal, not strange. - People have it. - No, strange Sarah even thought about Morgan and I as a couple. To be honest, I didn't think you ever really noticed me much. That's not true, Anna. I have always thought of you as a friend. Honey, - Can you come here? - Excuse me. Jason, this is Sarah and Chuck. They're my friends. - Well, any friend of Anna's... - Hi. Even though this is our, our first time meeting, I feel as though I know every teeny, tiny, little thing about you. All good, I hope. Hello, douche bag. Okay, okay. What do we got here? No, it can't be. Judas. Nerd herd desk. Download me on your computer emergency. Hi, hi, uh, this is Ellie Bartowski. Is my brother around? Devon and I were in the middle of our guest list and the computer... - froze. - Uh, hey, Ellie, uh, I think Chuck is out on an install right now. I'll leave him a message. Okay. Uh, we'll be right over to fix it. Oh, thank you, thank you, that's great. Wow, it finally pays to have a brother in mediocre places. Um, Jefferson? Dude, you almost blew our big chance. We're going over there to audition. What do you mean? Like, right now? Come on, man. If you had one shot, one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted, one moment, would you capture it or just let it slip? Jeffster! Lives, man. Yes. Great, fantastic. I just flashed. Her name is Smooth Lau, and they're all Triad. Okay, let's follow them. Hey, um, can I talk to you? I could really use a friend right now. Oh, sure. - I'll catch up in a second, sweetie. - Okay. Wait for me. - Yeah. - Thanks, chuckles. I'm all ears. Rebooted it and ran a disk utility. It's as good as a non-new computer can be. Oh, thank God. The woman can replace an aortic valve, but a frozen computer screen makes her panic. Uh, excuse me. Why are you touching my things? I'm setting up to rock you hard. Uh, rock <i>who</i> hard? Our audition. Jeffster! Is going to play the biggest gig of your life: your wedding day. Is he drunk? You didn't really set them up to audition, did you? Of course not. Chuck must have. Sibilance. Check. Wait a minute, did you outsource your to-do list? No... I know how much Chuck loves music. Thought it'd be fun for him. Oh, you did? # mah, may, moe, moo # # mah, may, moo # # mah, mee # # mah... # Uh, excuse me, guys, we, we just have a lot to do. Oh. Sure, cool, cool, sure, we're all set. L-let's, let's do this. Now or never. Lester: Hang on. # mah, may, mee, moe # # moo... moo... # This is what we've always wanted for Jeffster! We start at a small venue like this. Pretty soon, we're playing the big time. Yeah, sure, we're going to blow their minds, but... where does all this lead? Stadiums, groupies, drugs, creative differences, and then what? Jeffster! Breaks up? That's you and me, Jeff. And then what's my fate? Some chambermaid finds me in a hotel room, having accidentally asphyxiated while making love to myself? It's just not worth it! He's such a tortured artist. Look, I'm having a very important party out there, and we've never done it this way before. Yeah, yeah, just give me the keys. I think I've earned the right to know what's going on. What's in the container? You mind your business, I'll mind mine. You're getting paid either way. Come on, flash. Flash, damn it. I can help. He's probably... Okay. Look, this is way too risky. I'm out after this shipment. Well, if all goes well, we won't need another. And what are you worried about? Customs didn't suspect a thing with that Rolls Royce in the crate. Where the hell is he? - The door is jammed. - I'll go get a crowbar. Hey, wait. - Be quiet, I thought I heard something. - Damn it, Bartowski. Did you hear that? I like Jason and, you know, on paper, he's everything Morgan's not, so that's good. - No, no, that's bad. - Why? Because Morgan's the guy you keep comparing him to. Sarah, you're totally right. Oh, my God. Do you think that means I still love him? Attention, security, we found an intruder on the premises. Chuck. Repeat, we found an intruder on the premises. Oh, no. Casey. Hey, wait. If Chuck hasn't been captured, then... who is the spy being held by Triad? - Wait, wait, wait. - Let me explain! You're going to damage my Schwinn. They've got Morgan! What? We've got to help him. No, Chuck, we cannot just start pulling out weapons. - We're going to blow our cover. - Then what's the next option? You think it's easy for me to do nothing? It goes against everything I believe in to leave a man behind. Then don't do nothing. Do something. We can't just stand here while my best friend gets tortured or killed. Fine, if you're not going to save him... then I will. Who are you? Nobody. I'm... I'm... My name is, uh, Marlamin Stoneheart. I'm a 60th-level gnome warrior. The truth. 59th level, you know, but I'm, like, this close. I found him spying on us. You've got one second to tell me why. - One! - Wait! Wait, he's not a spy! And who the hell are you? - Wait, what's going on? - Morgan? This is your ex from buy more? What are you doing here? Tell me before I break your neck. No, don't... You don't want to do that, Because I know why he's here. He's here... Chuck, man... He's here because he's stalking you. What? That's right, that's right. He's not a spy, okay? He's a stalker, which is a thin, but very, very key difference, in my opinion. I see why Anna dumped you. This guy is a profoundly disturbed individual, okay? He just can't... He can't let go of her. He's an obsessed but totally unthreatening... ...sicko. Grow up, Morgan Grimes. Sicko freak. Let him go. Let's go. Well, you just saved your best friend's life. At the expense of his dignity. Well, at least he's still breathing. Come on. Look what I just found, boss. Guess that little freak wasn't just a stalker after all. Kill him. Hey, buddy, you... You need some help? Nope. I got to learn to do things on my own from now on. Look, Morgan, I know that I hurt your feelings, but I was only trying to protect you. We've been friends for a long time, right? As long as I can remember, buddy. Enjoy the memories. What? Buddy. You got any idea what Ellie and awesome thought about Jeffster!? We didn't fully play out, but if you could put in a good word. Jeff, I don't understand anything That just came out of your mouth. The truth is, I don't care. I know that you think my concerns are no bigger than the weekend weather or whatever's new in the snack machine, but I have the weight of the damn world on my shoulders, so if you don't mind, figure out your own crap. Good, you're here. I need you to cross-check these Customs docs with the bill of lading that you saw on the container yesterday. How could you just stand there and make me choose between Morgan's life and his friendship? That wasn't going to happen because Anna vouched for him. - You don't get who he is to me. - No, I get it. He's your best friend. You know, you say that, but I don't think you have a clue what it means. Look, Sarah... I don't have parents. I mean, not really. And I don't talk about it because that's just the way that things are now. But it wasn't always this way. Morgan was there the first day that my mom took off. He didn't say much because, honestly, what is a fifth grader supposed to say? But we sat there and split a cherry cheesecake and played Legend of Zelda all night long. And my dad... Well, that's a whole... other story, but Morgan was there for that, too. Morgan is more than just my best friend. He's my family. Before you got here and long after you've gone, Morgan is my family. Last night, we failed to learn the contents of the Triad's container, and now we don't know what kind of drugs or weapons are floating around in the city. And while I appreciate your friendship with Morgan, losing sight of that container endangers many people's best friends. Not just yours, Chuck. Not a good time, bro. Dude, you're supposed to stop a door with your foot. Have you ever had a dream that's never come true? No. Okay. Have you ever had a best friend with a dream that's never come true? Lester was scared to sing yesterday, but he has a voice that makes angels cry. Please, give Jeffster another chance. Jeff, you're a weird dude, but I guess even a weird dude like you can have a friend. I don't know how I'm gonna convince Ellie, but you got yourself another audition. You want me to talk to her? We have a rapport. Morgan, will you please, just talk to me for one second? I have nothing left to say to you, dude. One question, though, before, I never speak to you again. How did you betraying me turn into you saving me? I'm sorry for betraying you. No, dude, you don't get to say sorry. Sorry isn't good enough. It's a cheap band-aid... Stop it, dude, you don't get it. This whole thing is my fault. Man, it's me. I made this mess. You warned me not to spy. I went and did it anyway. I'm so sick of you being right and then having to bail me out. You've bailed me out plenty of times. I can't count on you to fix things my whole life. Of course you can. It's time for me to pay for my own mistakes, fight my own battles. Um, buddy, I would maybe start with a different battle. Look, just keep it down, remain calm, and this will all be over soon. No, dude, you know what this is? This is just you saving me again, man. No, no, it's not. This is two best friends hiding from a terrible beating. The time is now, okay? Time for me to stand up for myself. I have to go out there to those beefy, heartless thugs and take it like a grown man. A grown man who spies on women, fine, but still... I'm done, Chuck, okay? I won't have you saving me anymore. No, wait, wait. Morgan, wait. You can't just go out there with your... - breath stinking like garbage. - Are you kidding me? Way to kick a man when he's about to be beat down. I'm short and occasionally have dandruff in my beard. Do you want to riff on me for that, too? No, I... I wouldn't... You have dandruff in your beard? I would... No, all I'm saying is that maybe you should freshen up first, you know. Why poke an already pissed off bear? That's strong what is that, is that just peppermint? That's quick. You seen that stalker from the party the other night? Yeah, yeah, I think he actually went out the back. Talking about getting a slice or something like that, so... Take it easy. - What is it? - Chuck's in trouble. Let's go. So much for my day off. Chuck, I want you to see something. No time, I'm actually right in the middle of moving this very cumbersome and time-sensitive appliance, so... - Anna - Come on. Look, my boyfriend's on TV. Antonio Ruiz reporting from downtown Los Angeles Where I'm standing with entrepreneur, Jason Wang. On the auction block today, a collection of very fine automobiles... Celebrities and dignitaries are everywhere with one thing in common. ...a passion for cars. Oh, my God, the auction. Don't rub it in. I have to work. Chuck, what is it? I just flashed, we have to get to the auction. Triads are gonna kill the Chinese Ambassador. Why would he walk into a known Triad den? Wang's got a legitimate business. The Ambassador doesn't know Wang's Triad. It's exactly why it's not a very safe place for him. We just got to get Morgan. Wait. Morgan! Stay in the car, Chuck. How can I stay in the car when I have to go save Morgan? - Please, Chuck, just follow orders. Bartowski, you're like the poster child for friendly fire. Oh, my God. It's a bomb. Ambassador... congratulations on your new rolls. Oh, thank you. It's always been my dream to own one. You take care of last night's problem? He dead? Not yet. What do you want us to do with him? I got a great idea. He can hitch a ride with the Ambassador. Kill two birds with one bomb. Hey, listen, listen. Triads implanted a bomb in the Rolls Royce, and they put Morgan in the trunk. We've got to stop it. Stay right where you are. I'll get the car, you get Chuck. Casey, the container is empty, and the car has already been dispatched. Casey, do you copy? Casey, do you copy?! Pretty girl like you is a cop. Shame I gotta mess up that face. Wait! Stop! Stop, there's a bomb in your car! It's a Triad trap, move! No! No... Learn to follow an order, Bartowski! Let me in! - I can't! If I do that, you're not going to let me save Morgan. Proving you're not a complete idiot. Let me in! - Nope! No! He's my best friend, Casey, all right?! It's like you said, leave no man behind! Okay, tell you what. If you let me in, I promise to help you save the bearded loser. You promise? - I promise. Semper Fi? - Semper Fidelis. What are you doing? What are you doing?! You promised that you'd help me save Morgan. I didn't promise I'd let you drive. There's a remote control for this thing? This is crazy. The Rolls, the Rolls, don't... oh! Oh! Whoa! Major John Casey, National Security Agency. This is my badge? Safety that weapon. It's cool, relax. We're here to stop an attempt on the Ambassador's life. Be cool. We're just trying to help. On the ground! Don't move! Bomb! On the ground! Now! You're risking your life! No, I'm saving Morgan's! Don't be an idiot. Easy. Hey, CIA. Let him go. Where's Chuck? Heroic imbecile took off with the bomb. Oh, my God, Chuck. That was pretty sweet, huh? What? Did you think that I was...? No, I was just using the... Give me that. Sorry. Last-last favor. Would you mind helping me get something out of the trunk? Hey... are you okay? You really had me worried. Oh, man... I'm so embarrassed. I can't even get my ass kicked with any dignity. Dude, I can't believe I fainted. Yeah... Yeah, yeah... You fainted. I'm such a coward. I don't know, I guess... Just the fear of a fight, must've been too much for me. And I'm sorry, Chuck. I'm sorry that you had to save me... Again. Come on. Morgan... Don't you know who you are to me? Don't you know what you mean to me? All that you've done? - Thank you. - You're welcome. You think you could butch it up just a bit, though, bro. Just like... Smooth Lau and her band of cohorts were apprehended</i> at the scene, and Jason Wang has just been taken into custody.</i> They will all be spending a lot of time in prison</i> - thanks to all of you. - Thank you, General. Furthermore, this incident has left Ambassador Mei Sheng with a renewed vigor to crack down on Triad crime both here and overseas. Now, if you'll excuse me, I am late for my evening plans. Uh, General, um, if you don't mind me asking... what exactly is your version of evening plans? - Bartowski! - It's not top secret, Major. I'm meeting Condoleeza for cosmos. Even I have friends. Sorry about delegating the music stuff to Chuck. But an apology is just words if it's not followed up by actions. So I got the flowers, I bought the cake, and I took care of your half of the to-do list. That's very sweet, Devon. I'm also back in charge of finding the band, which is why we're here. What? Partnership is trust, babe. Come on. Partnership is trust. - I can't do this, man. - You can, I know you can. No... you see before, Jeff, I wasn't really scared that the band was going to break up. The truth is, I was just sc... You ever had a dream that's never come true? I'm asking you to sing, not for yourself... do it for me. I hear the drums echoing tonight</i> but she hears only whispers of some quiet conversation</i> Honey, you're not seriously considering this lame band for our wedding day? kilimanjaro rises like olympus above the serengeti</i> No. But let a man have his dream. Even if it is for five minutes. hurry, boy, it's waiting there for you</i> gonna take a lot to drag me away from you</i> there's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do</i> I bless the rains down in Africa</i> gonna take some time to do the things we never had...</i> I wanted to apologize. I could've been more sensitive before about your friendship with Morgan. It's just, it's difficult, I don't really have anyone in my life like that, who... who cares about me. gonna take a lot to drag me away from you</i> - Yeah, you do. there's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do</i> I bless the rains down in Africa</i> Anna... Listen, I should've said this to you a long time ago. All right? But, Anna Wu... I lo... I like you... very, very much. gonna take a lot to drag me away from you</i> there's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do</i> I bless the rains down in Africa</i> Look at us, man We both got girlfriends. ... rains down in Africa</i> It's as good as it gets, man. I bless the rains down in Africa</i>