And the professors are like drill sergeants. Some rule with an iron fist... Do you feel the spit raining down On your face, maggot?! And will you ever forget The excessive production of saliva is a condition known as Sia-lor-rhea! Sialorrhea! Huh! Sir, no, sir! Others carry a big stick. You wanna become a doctor? Well, you're gonna have to work. Work your little scrubs off. is this the speech from "fame"? You want fame? Well, fame costs. Our only hope for getting through it-- Teamwork. Unfortunately, we all just looked out for ourselves. Cole, I need the retractor. I'm using it right now. Seriously? Yeah. I don't like touching bread. Creeps me out. Give him the stupid retractor! What? gimme my sandwich! Who did this? if you want to keep sleeping with me, I expect you to have my back. God, you got so many rules! Get your back, Listen to you when you talk, stay out of your purse. Damn, girl. Quit playing games. At least the weekend was coming. We needed some fun, and cole was throwing a party. fame! this weekend was gonna be amazing. I was spending it with the love of my life. Elliot gone? Gone. Carla? Long gone and took the kids. Nice! Bro-a-palooza has offily begun. We're not calling it bro-a-palooza. Why not? I already made t-shirts. That's awesome. Where's mine? We're not calling it this is yours!Ro-a-palooza. I've decided to no longer refer to you two as "pathetic." Well, thanks, perry. Instead, since my nephew gave me My very first thesaurus as a birthday present, I'm going to allow you to choose from the following, If you will--miserable, pitiful, sorry, wretched, deplorable, Regrettable or... Sad. "wretched" sounds like dickens. We'll go with wretched. Nah, it's just old man doesn't understand two young guns... P-p-p-pow! Out on the town. He doesn't get bro-a-palooza. "8:00 p.M. To question mark." That means we don't even know when it ends. So many things to tear apart here... I'll focus on your delusion that you are still young. You're both much closer to 40 than you are 20. Let's face it. You're just like me-- Old, tired and you gotta get up a lot at night to take a pee. Is he psychic? Hey, field hockey, Your med students are acting like animals. Ugh! You think licking will stop me? I've eaten out of dumpsters. They're not my med students. They are, because you are their faculty advisor. You will advise them to start working together like a team. And even more importantly, you will teach them To never, ever again lay their grubby paws On my glazed doughnut. It is the one sprinkled, sugary beacon of light left in my life. But they're not my students. Actually, they are, Because you're their faculty-- student advisor. So you will advise them that if they want to Get through med school, they have to work together. Oh, and don't touch doughnuts. They're beacons of light... Or whatever. When did I become the student advisor? When you slept with the faculty advisor. Your mom's the faculty advisor? Joke's on you. My mom's dead. Really? You guys coming to my party? Yes. I cannot wait to wear a dress And have a reason to actually shave again. It is like the friin' amazon down there. too far, too far, too far. Gonna be nuts to butts up in that piece. Big ol' wrangle-dangle! Yeah, you're making it sound horrible, But I'm still gonna go. I need to have some fun. I've spent The last three weekends finishing up community service. I'm sorry. I was under the impression You'd all be much younger. Turns out dinosaur costumes are extremely flammable. I think we all need to let loose, And in my case, let lucy. Oh... Hello, murderers, butchers, slaughterers, slayers. I love this thing. Uh, did you hear that I was quitting? I did, ted. I just haven't really figured out how to pretend I care yet. Understandable. Theodore, I always assumed that someday We'd just find you dead in your office. Yeah, that was the dream. But the h and I are gonna take some time off And tour the country. We've written a song for every state. I'm sure I'll hear all of them when I die and go to hell. Damn elevator. I'm out. Sync By: YesCool Phase one of bro-a-palooza starts now. - I'm making quesadillas. - Pepper jack? Who you talking to? I see with your wives out of town, You've whipped yourselves into a lesbian frenzy. What do I need to get, a garden hose to separate you two? You can't separate us. We're attached by fun. And tonighs gonna be awesome. He just fell from the ceiling. We're not gonna address that? Your loser-palooza is embarrassing, And I'll be honest with you-- I would have assumed that Two "hip young guys" such as yourselves Would be headed to the big med school party. There's a party? What's the theme-- murder/mystery? Disco? "star wars"? '60s, '70s, '80s, '90s? The future? Please say it's a "star wars"-themed Murder/mystery set in the roaring '20s. The theme is cowboys and indians. yes! we are there. Cowboys and indians-- not my first choice. But I do have chaps. I'm liking my new dress. It makes my boobs look even. Okay. I'm getting so much better at making friends. Boom! Looks like the bassist and drummer from nickelback Are rolling through the party. Acoustic set, yo. Please tell me some of your super-solid bros From prep school will be there. Topher and boots are en route. Where's everyone going? Nice dress. Your boobs look weird. From pre not from up here.Here. Going to my party.S are en route. That's not happening. Tonight we're trying a little exercise in team building. No one leaves until you take final interviews From the four teal patients on this floor. What's a final interview? It's a chance for old, dying people to bore you With their life story before they kick it. No, denise. Have some respect. A final interview isn't some inconsequential thing A med student can just blow through. It actually really matters. Now hold my pepper jack, please. Come with me, children. Hold it like a baby bird, denise. Pepper "j" bruises. you have the sacred privilege of being with someone And recording their precious memories as they prepare to die. I'm dying? No, not dying. Just tonsillitis. So you get to gargle. gargle, gargle! Why would you let me go in there? Why would I stop you? This is good cheese. Get off my cheese! How long do final interviews with actual dying people take? If you work togeth, it'll go faster. But let me make this very clear-- No one leaves until you're all done. All done or none done. damn. Boots is gonna be pissed. You have the voice of an angel. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you, sir. Not you, ted if I were ten years younger, And you were ten years younger-- it's too late, sir. I've already tapped it. Ted buckland! I'm sorry. He brings it out of me. It's okay. I didn't always treat teddy very well. Say, how about we do a last night out on the town? Let me give you a proper send-off. That would mean a lot, sir. Ted! I'sorry. It's him! An indian wouldn't wear chaps. You're forgetting my backstory. I killed a cowboy, then took his chaps. I'm also a sheriff. it's not a theme party, is it? No, but thank you for the great early birthday present. Say cheese. Well done, girls. The hell with it. I'm goin' in. Maybe no one will notice. Try and blend in. black cowboy? Son, what are you doing? Me? He's the indian wearing chaps. When it works, it works. I'm also a sheriff. What are you guys doing here anyway? Picking up some extra cash. We do bar security, Bouncy house rentals-- we got a line-- we have a line of homemade salsa. Shut your face, frank. I was gonna tell 'em about the salsa. Copy that. I don't have you guys on the list. It's probably under "d" for dr. D., Or, um, maybe dr. Dizzle, perhaps d-to-the-izzle? Oh, here. We have a d. Izzle. That's probably it. I'm dave izzle. Hey, hey! It's special "k." howdy. Melvis, frank. Listen, that salsa was in-frickin'-sane. These are my plus two. Dr. Kelso, do you think you? You're gonna have to ask ted about that Because this is ted's night. Ted? I'm going to say yes, But I've never had this kind of power before, So I'm going to milk it, okay? Go ahead. Do your thing. I mean, you gotta... You... Let it be so! Oh, amen. We have to ask them 25 questions? This is gonna take forever. Ain't no proem, luce. It's just... man, I just thought of that. Damn, I'm gonna be a good doctor. Look, we'll split up the patients, okay? It'll be quick and easy, And then we can get to cole's party. Done. Done. Super done. My dude is dead. Mm. Peace! Gotta go drown my sorrows with a jagerbomb. Where's lucy? Um... What is your birth date? Probably just find that in the chart. Uh... How about... Are you married? Okay. Do you think that when bears hibernate, They have super long dreams? What? You spoke. I got you! Now you owe me an answer. You know, tit for tat... Which, by the way, is a horrible expression. It sous... pornographic. Listen, girlie, I'm not interested In answering a bunch of stupid questions off of a form, So why don't you just leave me the hell alone? Great. Well, I guess it's time for a little good-bye toast. Aw, I'm not really much of a toast guy. A fond farewell... To that skanky blonde heading out the door. I'm gonna see what other chickens are in the coop. 11 seconds-- you beat your record. Whoo! I'm spinning! Maybe next time you should try it with alcohol Instead of soda. Don'be insane. This is awesome. Yeah, it is. We're lettin' 'em know! True dat! Who and--and what are  letting know? Mine won't talk. He wasn't even intrigued by My bear hibernation question. For the last time, they don't dream, and nobody cares. They do, and everybody cares. I'm sorry about your party, but I was very clear-- All done or none done. Hey, guys? My patient just died. I'm feeling a little too upset to keep working. Really? What was his name? Look, I can't do this right now, drew! I'm hurtin'! You're really gonna leave us? I don't know if you can see how much my soul dies Every time I let you back into my bed, But it would make me hate myself, like, four notches less If I thought you had one decent bone in your body. Please don't laugh because I said "bone." Hey, look, baby, I would love to stay, But I just don't want to. Whoo! Good one. Whoo! Good one, boy! Please, please tell me that this is just an intermission Because I don't want this show to ever end. Why are you re, perry? To laugh, to cry, to cry from laughing, But mostly to laugh at two desperate guys On an ice slide to an irrelevant middle age. Well, not only have we been lettin' 'em know-- Is--is that the correct expression? Oh, that's it, right there-- lettin' 'em know. Well, we've been lettin' 'em know By doing the cabbage patch... E running man and the capoeira. That's right. That's brazilian dance fightin'. in your face! Where's the jackass? jackass, come! What up? Now you are the host of this party, and to some extent, The voice of your generation. And while I sadly acknowledge That heralds the coming apocalypse, I do value your opinion on one thing in particular. Wow. You're like shakespeare, yo. I am. I am "like shakespeare, yo." Now look around the room real quick and tell me The five lamest people that you see. Feel free to start with me. Cool. One--old. Two--bald and shiny. Three--super old, Four--checked out my junk at the urinal, And... Five--has weird junk. Number four told me. We didn't make the list! nope, we didn't. You've just been served. Yeah, and you know what? We're gonna rub it in your face a little bit By doing some brazilian fight dancing. Five, six, seven, eight... Capoeira, capoeira. that was outstanding! sometimes, reality takes the form of a kick to the head. Sorry, bros. You just moved up to the numbers one and two spots On my lame list. Well, I think turk should be number one Because he appears to be bleeding. Other times, it gets right up in your grill. Why would you page me? Paul just wants to be left alone. Just let us go. We'll come back in the morning and take another shot at him. Great. I'll go talk to his liver and tell it to stop failing. You don't get it, do you? Patients don't do things on your schedule. This isn't high school, guys. This is real. You know what? Do whatever you want. I don't give a rat's ass. Just make sure you can live with yourself. I'm really sorry, c-bear. I had no idea my range of motion Would be so incredible in these chaps. That's a lie. I totally knew. I can't believe I let you sew my eye up After l the soda you had. This night definitely didn't turn out The way I hoped it would. Oh, hey! Hey! Did you have us in the chairs again? We weren't getting married, turk. We were becoming men. Hey. Did you guys dress up for the kids in the cancer ward? Yes. We... Yeah. Yes. That's what we were... Yeah, and then what happened was One of the kids hit me in the head with a toy. Yeah. 'cause he was mad. 'cause he had the cancer. Okay. We're just... Hey, how did the final interviews go? Not perft. But we decided as a group that we can live with ourselves. Well, I know those things are hard. Turk and I had to do one last year. We couldn't get the guy to say a word. We ended up skipping our big steak night, And we just spent hours talking to him. He had a lot he needed to say Before he passed on. Yeah, it definely meant a lot to him. I gotta say for me, though, it was probably One of the most memorable nights I've ever had as a doctor. Me, too. Ka-bam! We just dropped a knowledge bomb on your asses. dr. Turk was right. A knowledge bomb had been dropped on our asses, So we decided to take another shot Even though paul wasn't gonna talk to any of us. what up, nerds? Hey, this paul dude is awesome. He nailed marilyn monroe! Oh, no. It was actually marilyn montrose. Same diff. Chicks named marilyn are hot. I can't believe you came back. It wasn't my idea. Denise made me. How'd you get him to talk? We had a conversation. All hot stuff here did was ask questions off a form. Are you, uh, choosing to smile and ignore the insult 'cause he called you "hot stuff"? Attagirl. Hey, did you know paulie got a purple heart in korea? I didn't even know we fought korea! So, paul, how'd you get your purple heart? Come on, talk to us. Oops. That's not my drink. It's good, though. Methinks it's quitting time. Good night, gooch. Ted. Ted? That's it? I've been your whipping boy for eight years, And all I get before I disappear forever Is a wet, clammy handshake? And, yes, I know that's from my hand, not yours. And, yes, I know that we've never really been friends. And, yes, I know that the gooch is way too attractive for me. That's not relevant right now. It's just always on my mind. Please don't leave me for a baritone. I won't. ted, I'm so hammered that The only thing I can think about are those 30-cent hot dogs At the gas station, so wrap it up. You owe me more than a handshake. Let's go, honey. That's not my drink, either. In war, you have to make the hard choices, So I shot the man, But I'll never forget his face. No way. You wasted a dude? Hey, my buddy killed a guy once. Backed right over him in a mini mall. It was crazy. Yeah, that's the same. I can't believe you were our age when all that happened. Yeah, you and me, both. Some of our guys never made it home. The rest of us tried to keep in touch, But, you know, life gets in the way. I haven't seen any of them for years, But I think about them all the time. You know, when you spend the hardest time in your life With a group of people, you're bonded forever. What are you guys still doing here? All done, none done, remember? Wow. That crap worked. I faculty-advised the hell out of you guys. I think it dawned on all of us that, In a way, we were war buddies... And we wouldn't be able to get through med school If we didn't have each other's backs. Leave him! Every man for themselves! Well, it dawned on most of us. Hey, thanks for making cole come back. I didn't make him come back. I really hate talking to that guy. Adds an extra shower to my day. I can't believe it's been 12 years Since we started medical school. Wee getting old, kemo sabe. Well, thank you, lord. Now you do realize You could've saved yourself a lot of embarrassment And a lot of time and about seven stitches If you'd just admitted to that a little earlier. Of course, it wouldn't have been as much fun for me, And I damn sure wouldn't have gotten This teraver. He's gonna want a copy of that. No, I won't. hello, christmas cards! There's nothing wrong with getting older, So do yourself a favor-- get a prostate exam, Stop wring ironic t-shirts and just let it happen. Sometimes we have to embrace The had truths about ourselves, Whether it's what we really want to do on a big night out Or realizing that you're never as strong alone As you are together. Can't believe we found 'em. I can't believe they came. Three straps! Ted, you're not gonna just walk out Without saying good-bye to anyone, are you? Aw, nobody cares. We're gonna miss you. All the best, ted. Is this more like what you were looking for? Thank you, sir. Oh, uh... Forgot my keys. I'll be right back! oh, got 'em! Aw. This is more appropriate. I'm gonna miss you. Bye, ted. Good-bye, bob. Well, honey, uh...