What's wrong with Jennifer Dylan? You named our daughter... ...JD! It's a beautiful morning! JD!!! Sorry, I was thinking about something else. Why would you do such a thing? I was hoping that you would have hated the name so much that you wouldn't be able to hide your spite for your daughter, and she would love me more than you. I gotta go. Don't forget! Mum is coming home tomorrow, so the fridge needs to be restocked with rice cakes and vodka. Jordan, while you were on bedrest for the last two months I served as mother-father-butler-breadwinner and thanks to our son's pinching for eating nickles and your irrational fear that they'd never get past through his system...poopoo-sifter. I was hoping that upon your return you would start to assume some domestic responsabilities? Pass! * Amazing Grace * how sweet the sound that says... The music was so perfect that for a moment it made us all happy. </i> Well, most of us. I told you why they sang that good, Roy, because they shove for practice. Everyone reacts differently at funerals. Some people wear their emotions on their sleeves.</i> Others are more stuck. And there's always that one guy who's completely inappropriate.</i> - I did her autopsy. - I'm her uncle. Your niece had beautiful guts. Nice save, chief. As for me, I couldn't help but imagine what my own funeral would be like. * ...ing grace * * Michael wants * * to party all the time! * * Party all the time* Yeah! And as you know JD only had two requests. And that is that the choir sing the song that would remind us of how much he loved the party and that he can get one last hug from each of you. You are the only one I've never faked it with. It's true. Hell, I... I love you noobie. I should have done this long time ago. I knew you loved me. I just had to fake my own death to prove it. He loves me everyone. Can I get an Amen? - Amen! - God is good! Worth it. And then we'd have my real funeral. - Are you an idiot? - No, sir. I'm a dreamer. Itasa Scrubs Team proudly presents Scrubs Season 06 epiode 16 My words of wisdom  VO subititles Transcript: Tania, Teorouge, Matters, gi0ve, JDsClone Sync: R!ck, Jdsclone, gi0v3 Revision: gi0v3 ::ItaSa Team:: [www.italiansubs.net[ Brothers and sisters, as we leave here today let's not mourne on Laverne's passing, Amen? Amen! Let us celebrate her life. Isn't that what she wants us to do? Mmh mmh. That's where she got that! Let us live like she lived. And don't be afraid to open your heart to those that are dear to you, Amen? Amen. And always make sure that you put yourself in other people shoes before you judge them, is that all right? Yeah, that's right. And no matter how busy life gets I want you to take 20 minutes everyday for yourself so  you can reflect on who you are - as one of God's children, Amen? - Amen. I love you and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. Thank you for coming. Amazing Grace.... It was weird because even though we were all caught up in that moment</i> once we got to work we fell right back in our routines.</i> Turk, she's back. Oh, my God. Tammy Two Toes. So that's it? One second we're mourning Laverne and the next you're making up ridiculous nicknames? Babe, how am I supposed to call her? Her name is Tammy - and she's got two toes! - I hate this. Everybody is moving on as if Laverne was never even here. Babe? It's like her feet are giving me the P sign. What Carla didn't know was that some people were already taking Laverne's life lessons to heart.</i> Perry, can I ask you a favour? Actually, Bob, out of respect for Laverne, no! You see, according to the Right Reverend Jimmy T. Given, that's the name I gave the minister in my mind, every day, Bob, every day I am to take 20 minutes for myself. Right about now I'm going to be entering my imaginary soundproof glass bubble. Don't worry, I don't have to be BO-- * Cox moves his mouth without really speaking * I was just going to ask you to keep your yapper shot while I read the papers, so everybody wins. - Dr. Cox. - You might wanna knock, he's in an imaginary glass bubble. - What? - I need help with a patient. 20 minutes. Hey, how long does it take for an old woman to bleed to death? I still had the post funeral blues so I pulled up my secret weapon to bribe Turk into hanging out with me.</i> I'm gonna get that sour ball today, right? If I give up right away you won't respect me. Hello, Mr. Francis, when did your son start having stomach pains? Oh, I'm sorry. You're deaf, it's ok. It's all right, will you help me to communicate with your dad? Oh, you are deaf too, what are the odds? I'm a doctor, I should probably know that. Yeah, I'll just write the questions down. Give me a pen. I don't have a pen, my pockets are empty. Except for the sour ball. Turk, there never was a sour ball. I knew that, I... just  didn't wanna believe it. My lip reading really is horrible, because they couldn't be talking about sour balls while there is a sick child in the room. Dr. Cox. - Do you know sign language? - I know just one sign. It means leave me alone for 20 minutes or die painfully. - Dr.Cox... - Oohh... We can't play such S to you but Mr. Carneen is crashing.. For the love of God! Dr. Kelso, do you know signs language? Is that a really commonly used sign? I'm calling it personal, there's gotta be someone in this hospital who does signs language. - Doctors.. - Get outta here! - Yeah, get outta here. - You don't know sign-- Elliott... I know I'm supposed to be sad, a few, but  what I could think about was how lucky I am to have you in my life. You know? I'm sorry, I'm just not really in the mood for relationshiply talk. Yeah, sure. And don't you dare move that tie! Let me guess. You wanna do some crazy sexual roleplaying. No... I just... never get the chance to see you in a suit, that's all. - Do you? - Fine. I'm a chiller trashy popstar who rarely wears underwear, and you're one of my backup dancers who's not quite sure about his sexuality, yet. No, I don't wanna do Britney and K-Fed anymore. Since the divorce is too sad. Ok... you're... one of XXX top defense attorneys, and I've just hired you because I killed my husband in an argument over my addiction to painkillers. Got it. His medical records are in Michigan, with his mom. He's only with me for a week. Ok, tell him we wanna run some tests and we'll be back once we get the results. How do you know sign language? Well, when I was in high school I was a volounteer janitor, with the whole booking zoo. Then one night I was out plucking peackocks feathers to sell for pens, when I noticed Gary the gorilla making the sign for food. I gave him my danish, he gave the sign for "thank you". Was the only two sings that Gary Except for boobs. He liked them big and hairy. - Join the club, player. - Get away. - Ok. So, eventually Gary, I'm sorry to say, died of a lung cancer, for that I blame myself because I used to share my smokes with him. But he also picked my interest in signing, and in his memory I took my first signing class. Is any of that true? Someone have to read it back to me. Oh, what's up your caboodle? Caboodle? Oh, it's a new word I'm trying out to replace "ass". I have loose morals, and I'm living in sin, so.. still hoping that not being a potty mouth will to get me into heaven. Well, I was just thinking it would be nice if people at least acted like they missed Laverne, you know? Elliot. Look... I know this weekend is our one year anniversary, but my college buddy Donnie is in Vegas and he wants me to fly out. - Cool, yeah. - Alright. Were you for real? That's a trick, right?! I mean, when he comes back from Vegas you're gonna tear him a new one. No. With Keith, I've decided I'm gonna be the best girlfriend ever. If that means skipping some silly anniversary, that's fine! If that means, having some crazy sex and then running off with that cuddling to go meet the fellows for a beer, great! I might cry. Man, if you were just 40 years older... Hey, check this out. Not only's our deaf kid a mild case of gastroenterites, this fax means medical history. His condition is congenital, they tried to hear in gain but no results, I think he's a perfect candidate for coclear implant! - I think we could make this kid hear! - Dude, that's amazing. Can you teach me how to sign "I think we can fix your son's hearing?" Or I can just tell him. I think it's best if he hears from a doctor. No, you just want the glory. Are you really that emotionally needy? - Have we not met? - Ah, you're right. I'm sorry... wasn't thinking. Look...why don't we we go in there and split the glory three ways, ok? Let's go. The three doctors! Nothing is ever easy around here. Whether it's something as simple as trying to find</i> 20 minutes for yourself. Doctor Cox, can we go somewhere and talk about Laverne for a while? That sounds like exactly... what I wanna do. Or something as big as finding out your relationship isn't going as well as you thought.</i> Hey Keith, pass me a fake sugar. Elliot, this relationship isn't working for me. Oh, that sucks caboodle. Still none of that matters when you've got to change someone's life forever.</i> - What d'he say? - He said no thank you. No father would deny a son the chance to hear,</i> so we knew it had to be a misunderstanding.</i> We told the Janitor to clear things up.</i> You know, if we learned sign language we could talk in the movies without Carla yelling at us . But it's so dark, how can we see we were signing? We'd get special glow-in-the-dark signing gloves. Yeah, but then the popcorn butter will get all over the gloves. Why do you keep poking holes in this? We'd cut off the fingertips! Okay, I'm in. Well, I told him everything you said, his kid's the perfect age for the procedure, his insurance will cover it, and he's still not interested. Elliot, I don't have a friend in Vegas, okay? Thet was a test to see if you even care about our anniversary. Obviously you don't! Why are you trying to mess up a good thing? Oh, so now my feelings don't count? Look, I... Sir, can I help you here? Oh, you already are, sweetheart. I forgot to bring my papers down here but this... gabfest is just delicious. So, go on! You were talking about your relationship, only it was like: he's the chick and you're the dude! - What do you think about the sex? - Ah, here we go nag, nag, nag. Ah! You nagger! - What d'you just call him, you punk ass? - A nagger. Okay, we're cool! Elliot, you're always talking to everyone else about marriage and having babies, but you've never seriously talked about it with me! I love you, okay? You know you've never said that to me before? And that's fine, I can wait. But if we're not moving toward something...I need to know! So are you gonna say anything? - I really don't know what I'd say. - And then forget it. Bitches, uh? What are you gonna do? Okay. What's the problem? Laverne was our friend and people are walking around like she never existed. It's not right, you know? Yeah. Tough crap. Excuse me? You can't tell other people how to feel, you just can't. Some wanna cry, that's fine. Others may choose to laugh and, guess what, that's okay too! But you don't know what's going on inside people's heads, take, ehm... take pee-pants here. Now, how do you know he's not thinking about Laverne, right now? I am thinking about her. I haven't seen my cellphone since her autopsy. - You don't think if I call it... - You're done. So, to sum up... Tough crap. Hope that helps. People... Before I disappear for 20 minutes, I wanna make sure all my patients are alive. They simply still here will see if I sound of like " You got it , Per!" * Crowd answers Dr. Cox * Ted, we know denying surgery is technically child abuse, we were just wondering if you have some legal recourse. Just give me one... second. Are you looking for a legal precedent? No, I'm looking for word "recourse". - Dr. Cox! - What?! - What now? What somebody needs now? - Our deaf patient's father won't sign a consent form so he can have a coclear implant. Hmm... who could you possibily go if the father won't sign? Here's a hint. It begins with an "m", and ends with an "r". Marg Hengelberger! The mother! Get the mother to sign it! The mother will sign it! - The mother! I told you! You were-- - The mother! Come on, man... Well, it's not Marg, we do not end well. Hell, there's no theory like a Hengelberger scorns. Scorn... After "r"... So Keith's being on your case not getting serious? Totally. Plus he wants me to be all like "open and honest" about how I feel. I mean, do you girls talk like that in a new relationship? I tell Turk I love him all the time. I wish I told Laverne more. Downer! I haven't seen you in a while. Oh, she just had a baby. Well, then how can you be drinking? Aren't you breastfeeding? I haven't decided. Were you breastfed? Huh, of course I was. That is so interesting! Cause you're a sluggy buttinsky who ended up becoming a waitress for her living. Maybe breastfeeding isn't the answer. This is the greatest night ever! You know what? I mean, if I really had deep feelings for Keith, i would have told him by now. - Maybe it is time to move on. - Oh, that's a bunch of crap. - Excuse me?! - You're a chicken. In the last six years I've seen you get really close to one guy, and that was JD, and he crushed you. Ever since then, you've been so scared of getting hurt I've seen you sabotage every relationship you've been in. Honestly, you must be crazy about Keith to let him have survived this long, but don't worry, you'll be alone again, soon enough. You know, Carla, sometimes you can be a real caboodle-hole. Oh, now Bob, what the hell, have you just being sitting on your prony keester all day reading the paper? Heavens, no... I also went downstairs to get a cup of coffee. Well, it must be nice not having everyone wanna piss ya. If one more person interrupts my me-time, I'm gonna go ahead and get a tattoo of my hand giving a middle finger, on the back of my head. Well, why not? It's not as all we can make you look anymore like a psychopath. Well, whatever it takes to get them to leave me alone. You love it. How was that? Being everybody's "go-to" guy! Perry, people do not do things over and over unless they get some kind of joy out of it. I've been watching you for 20 years, champ. Your joy comes from being needed. That's who you are. He wants to know what's going on. Tell him we're prepairing his son for surgery, we got the mother's consent. And tell him, if you know the sign, that is: Booya. Booya! - Nazi salut. - Oh, my bad. - Keith. - What Elliot? How can I say this... uhm... Look, I once had a dog named Precious, he was a great dane, and I loved him so much. I mean, even after he dissemballed that old lady Morgan's cat Seriously, he like slit her right down the middle and drop an ear and than that, God, it's just flew out of her like shiny red fireworks. Precious was such a sweet dog and then... One day, after the blue, he bit me. And I knew that my dad would have him put down, so I said that I was bitten by Mrs. Morgan's bulldog which, ironically enough, she had gotten to replace the murdered cat, anyway... They came and took the bulldog away and... I never said a word. To this day, I wish I'd spoken up before it was too late. Do you know what I'm saying? Not even a little. I love you, Keith. I really do. Gotta go, see ya! Elliot, come here. And here he goes off. Surgery fists in: Blown up! You know what's weird? He doesn't seem like a bad dad, he really loves that kid. It must be hard with a divorce, barely gets to see his son. Would kill me. Maybe being deaf was the biggest connection he and his son had. You know, when I was a kid, I made my dad teach me the sign language so I could communicate with my deaf sister. I ended up closer with her more than anyone. Maybe Mr. Francis is afraid of losing that. Is any of that true? Mostly. My dad died before I was born. - Wait a while! I met your dad! - You met a man. Guys, we should go in there and talk to him. And like that Carla knew the nurse Roberts was still on all our heads.</i> Because even if Dr. Cox never took that 20 minutes from himself like the minister said,</i> he still realized who he was as one of God's children.</i> Dr. Cox, we're having trouble placing the central line. You know what? We'll... handle it. It's ok, you can go. I won't tell anyone. Elliot had finally opened her heart, even though it made her feel more vulnerable than ever.</i> Hey, just so I know, have you seen Keith? We were supposed to meet here to ride home togheter, but I can't aim to find him. - Hey, there! Ready to go? - Yeah! As for us, even though it took a while, we did finally put ourselves in someone else's shoes.</i> So you can sign him that we...we know that it supposed to be hard for him? It suppose to be hard for you. He knows... will be fine... He just wants the best for his son. Thank you for the interpreting... Hey, no problem! That was for me. Very impressive. Stop talking, idiot! ::Italian subs addicted::