Allright now children, I know your shifts are over and you're all excited about going home, but first we're going to play a little game, called "Answer the question correctly, or stay here forever". To you Abby, what are the neoplastic causes of hyperprolactenemia? Uhm, a topic tumor production, secondary to renal carcinoma? Close, but no siggy... You'll be staying here forever. - Dude, you think that was all too mean? - No. Wrong, it damn sure was. You're staying here forever. And Kenyan Intern, Kenya-answer me this: [Kenya->Can ya->Can you] Is it even possible to give the right answer in this game? - No. - Correct! - Yes! - Unfortunately, you're still staying here forever. My game, my rules. Come! Elliot and Carla enjoyed the common practice of dividing up the stuff left behind when patient dies... Score! Haa, I'm going to have Keith give me these later, in front of people. Look if I use this ready thing to turn Turk off when I'm not in the mood. - This is go-- - Whaaat?! Oh my God! Mrs. Sommers we're so sorry, we thought that you were dead. Yours...be right back. And the janitor was killing time the way he always does. Crash cart to bed 3. Step! - Ha ha ha ha! - Ha ha haaa! - We gotcha! - Ha ha ha ha. He's not really dying. I made a device that makes the sound of a flatline. It also makes that Beep-Beep sound of a truck backing up, I used that on people who are... sensitive about their weight! I'm sure it's a blyast. Ok, i put on a few, but my son's new fiancee Kenny owns a Cinnabon franchise, what the hell am I supposed to do? As for Turk and I, we just checked on a patient who had a pig valve installed in his heart, which sparked a lively medical debate: So, if you could have any animal part, what would it be? - That's easy! - Besides an elephant's penis. Hold, I need a sec. Whale's blowhole. In that way when I'm playing submarine in the bathtub I would never have to came up for air. That's cool... Wanna know what animal parts I'd want? I could guess. Man, there's no milk for my coffee! Say no more. -Thanks, Pal! -Welcome. - You know what'd go great with that coffee? - What's that? *Turk screams* -Turky Bacon! -Yep! -You'd be like a big breakfast machine! -Yeah. Finally something happened that broke the monotony This guy from the E.R., tried to kill himself, by jumping off a building. Let's go people, in the hand. {\an8}*The Janitor faking truck back sound* I'm hiring a trainer, dammit! Itasa Team Scrubs proudly presents Scrubs - Season 06 Episode 11 My Night To Remember VO subtitles</b> Transcript: Teorouge, gi0v3, Tania, JohnDorian Sync: R!ck, gi0v3 Revision: gi0v3 ::Italian Subs Addicted:: [www.italiansubs.net]</b> When a patient regains consciousness from a head trauma</i> the first order of business is simple: You know what your name is? I...I don't remember... Ok, well usually in this type of situation we'd refer to you as Jonh Doe, but I think that's so unpersonal... I'm gonna call you Roger Templeton I'm just kidding. Found your wallet, your name is really Roger Templeton A little memory loss humour. Ok, no? Allright... Uhm...I think what you probably have is a little temporal retrograde amnesia, very common in this sort of injury, what you need is go and get some rest. Amnesia? But what he said when you told him he tried to commit suicide? - I didn't tell him. - Oh, he doesn't need to deal with that right now. Halt! Maybe we should never tell him. I know I'd love to forget all the painful things that have happened to me.</i> But unfortunately I keep replaying them into my head like some flip-show</i> or a bad sit-com, too lazy to come up with a fresh story.</i> Aaagh! That's odd. Uuh! Agh! - Aah! - Ouch! - Ah! - Ok, JD? Yes? Aaah! Hold it! Ough! Mmh...Aagh! Ghaa! Oh no! Ooh hey! Ahi! Wha--?! So you're saying you'd be just fine waking up one morning having forgotten parts of your life? No, just the bad stuff. Like the Matrix sequels, and that time we went skiing and I got my lip most stuck - in the zipper of my puffy coat? - Uh, ah... There are so many moments in my life I will never forget. Oh, like that time my dad accidentally glued my mum's legs together after testing out his new homemade sex lube. Your dad's awesome! There are certainly been a lot of hard moments around here...</i> and for some reason whenever I think about them,</i> The Fray is always playing. ...which we've already viewed, it's just a... No, not that Fray song. This Fray song. Wow! What the... This is the reason why your headache didn't go away. That's actually pronounced "Analgesic", not "Anal G-sick", sir, the pills go in your mouth. You know, I actually like do it, so don't do that make me always do. If you're a friend of the game "Find the Saltine", relax, I won't play it with Turk anymore. Behind your ear. My friend, you have found the saltine. Ah, don't tell Elliott we're still playing. When did you meet Morgan Freeman? That's my mom. Ok, I still wanna referee to a dermatologist, but... It looks benigne, I mean... Yeam. Neither have. You know why? It's not beacuse I have the name "Johnny" tattooed on my butt, isn't all the senior buddy, if you went through all we did you'd understand. - Have you been drinking? - Am I drunk? Why is your pancake in the silverware drawer? You mean why is that silverware in the pancake drawer? Oh-oh! Hey, those nuts are for my brother, please don't eat 'em all. Aaaargh! DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET, CARLA? DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU MESS WITH THE WARRIOR?! You want me to ask how this's real? You know, when I was a kid, I had my first sex dream with that Mr. Booper. At least, I think it was a sex dream... he was trying to choke me. Well either this kid as a lightbulb up his butt, or his colon has a great idea. I know, you're right. I was an idiot about these shower shorts. I mean, it's not like they come with their complementary shower wallet Auh! Shower shorts? For the man who has nothing to hide, but still wants to. Did your other actually experimenting with the drug that can erase stuff from your head, like memories, dreams... I don't remember any of my dreams anyway. Except for the ones involving cheese, and Tyra Banks. Oh, baby, don't worry. You've nothing to be threatened by. In my book it goes... Cheese... You... Tyra. Well, I know one person who's not down with the racing deams, right J.D.? I was already gone. All inferiority complex, Batman. How low is my self esteem, that I'm the sidekick in my own fantasy. It could be worse, Robin. You could be Alfred the Butler. Damn you... Sir. Kronk, where you go now? Oh, hey, you're up. I've got a ton of bricks for Dr. Dorian. Is it hot in here? It is like...it's hot. Yeah, I've got something to say to Dr. Cox, Immanna give you the best in my evaluation, that you ever did see. And this Friday, at the Steel Cage Metal Slam, Immonna give you a physical, that you ain't ever gonna forget. Immonna probie you, cause I'm the intern. Weh! Weh! Weh! Answer me. ...it's all made boobs. There they are! Bring it on, bitch. And as you can see, the ass is on the front You miss this spot. Oohh, whack a Newbie -Wow! Damn! Ooh! - You missed me! I don't like the way I look. I don't like the way I feel. I don't like the way I feel about how I look There's so much bad. my boobs are too low, my body's too big and I'm not sure. Aamm! Hey man, how I'm supposed to finish this memo? JD? I'm telling you, you guys should daydream more often. All you have to do is tilt your head to the left and let your mind run free like an eeeagleeee... As I wondered if I looked that stupid when I fantasize,</i> I decided to check on Mr. Templeton. Unfortunately he was up and had a question. -How d'I get hurt? Damn it! So what d'you do? I did what any good doctor would do, I turn up his morphine drip so he'd go back to sleep. Oh, you guys, look out you here... this lady is very serious condition. You've all...heard about my...flat line device? Yep?! Ok, well, forgive me for trying to live things up around here by faking an old stranger's death. Plan B...let's dance! * "Diner" by Martin Sexton * Hey, you. - Yes or no! - What? That's a new game: "yes or no". - No.. - Wrong! Now you have to stay here forever. Go! I couldn't help being reminded of all the mean thing we've done to each other over the years...</i> And I realised that if I replayed the moments in my head back to back</i> I could probably kill another couple of minutes. You went to four years of college and four years of medical school, so I can safely presume that you're at least eight. Newbie, the only way you could be less productive right now is if you were in fact the wall on what you're leaning against. Of course then you'd be providing some jackass with a wall in which to lean against and reflect on what a jackass he truly is. Hey wait a sec, we want do stuff to you. - Aaah! Aaah! - Waaaaa! Ha ha ha haaa! - Don't do that annoying thing - What annoying thing? - You know, when you talk. - Come on that's a little-- See, there it is. How does that not drive you crazy? Thank you, each time you call me a girl's name I die a little bit inside. Hey, Girlsname. Do you know how I know that this is yours, Farrah? Mary? My gal Friday. You know, Sandy isn't this - sort of girl name. - Is a short for Sandra. Fiona. Tiny Dancer. Frodo. Beth. Vivian. Interview with Sabrina? Carol. Skitch. I don't go to hell, she'd care of it? Murder, she wrote. Gladys! Ginger! Tiffany! No. Cheryl! Betsy...Betsy! Mmh! that's new!</i> Betsy, good morning! Oh, I get it. I'm a girl. - Could you be a bigger ass right now? - Could you have a bigger ass right now? I'm assuming, since you already went ahead and took everything else, that you're here for my self respect, but there's bad news on that one, sweet cheecks, I already gave it to your mom when she begged me to marry ya! Ha ha ha haa! Oh, I wouldn't have room for it, anyway, what with your testicles in my trophy case. - Sir, I'm confused. - You annoy me. Oh, now I get it. Hey champ, what has two thumbs and doesn't give a crap? Bob Kelso. How you doin'? Janitor? Have you ever looked at yourself and wished that you were different - in every single way? - Naah...I'm a winner. Does this shade of red make me look like a clown? No, Barbie, no... It makes you look like a prostitute who caters exclusively to clowns. Fuck! Frick! Double frick! Owww! Yeow! Anybody got any extra ketchup packets? Thank you, Elliot. - You're a jerk. - You are a jerk. - Jackass! - Bite me. Great guy! After all, I'm-I'm the waste kid! You're now! Anyway, Noobie, the reason I came down here was to tell you that Mr Take-the-easy-way-out was awake again, and he wants to know why his lips taste like asphalt. Somebody's gotta go in and tell him. I'll go do it. We all knew Dr.Cox was right, because the truth is...it's all of your memories,</i> the joyful ones, and the heart-breaking ones, that make up who we are as a person.</i> * when i feel like i might fall * * underneath the pressure of it all * * i think of you * You know, I don't care what you think. - Shit, you do? - No. Look, i wanna be like you... but a more successful you. - Are you crying? - No...I don't know. I'm just completely hormonal. I mean, you try going from out-of-control horny to clinically depressed 6 times a day. Oh, gimme a break, I can't knock that out on the way to work. Hey, lady, I'm proud of what you're doing here. - Really? - Yeah, really. Look, man, it was one second of doubt, ok? Since when do you care - what everyone else thinks? - I don't. I care what you think. Then i witnessed one of those moments that let me know in my heart that these two will be together forever.</i> who cares? We're having a baby. - We're having a baby. - Yeah, we are. - A baby. A little you. - Yeah, and with a lot of you. There's one more thing - you have to do for me. - You can't keep me from getting drunk. You have to forgive yourself for everything that went down the other day. - God, you're...you're so annoying. - Yeah. - Okay. - Good. Now, where's your camera, aren't you... aren't you gonna take some pictures? - Pictures of what? - You know, crying babies covered in chocolate, people singing Happy Birthday to my son who they've never even met him before, you know, the-the whole routine! Where do you think we are? I guess i came over here to tell you how proud of you I am. Not because you did the best you could for those patients. But because after twenty years of being a doctor... when things go badly you still take it this hard. And I've gotta tell you man, I mean... that's the kind of doctor I want to be. It really has been an amazing six years, hasn't it? I wouldn't change a single moment, would you? Oh, I damn sure would change this moment. In fact, I'd change this moment and every other moment you and I have ever had that's even remotely like this moment. - Turk, can i ask you a quick favour? - I'm not giving you a hug. I hate this place. ::Italian Subs Addicted::