and I'll be here. My stomach? Well, I would have touched your heart, But I did that to another female student, And it resulted in me having to watch A 4-hour video called "boundaries." so teacher evaluations are due, And I am going to use gold stars and pony stickers for yours. lucy, that's sweet, But I don't care about those silly evaluations. yes! Lucy's in the bag. But while I went out of my way to connect with these kids,</i> Dr. Cox had a different approach.</i> All right then, you gaggle of mini murderers, I am going to make these evaluations very easy for you. Here are some adjectives that describe my teaching style-- "abusive," "humiliating," "tyrannical" and "buttery." Why "buttery"? Because I don't care what you write. Moving on. It is time for your final practical exam of the quarter-- Learning how to draw blood from an actual human being. Sadly, most of you will pass, But there are one or two of you out there Who will botch this miserably, Proving once and for all that you don't belong here. And oh, my god. it's like it's christmas eve, And one of you is just a big box of failure Waiting to be unwrapped. I want to open ya. I want to open ya so bad, But no, I'm gonna wait, Because the waiting makes it so much sweeter. I'll see you tomorrow. "your stupidity is so intense, It's burning me in the face." Oh, dr. Cox is on a tear today. I bet you 5 bucks this kid cries. Nah, he's not a crier. He's the kind of guy who eats to make the sad go away. Is it wrong that so much of what bonds us Is sex and other people's pain? Don't forget our hatred of art. Oh, yeah, art's the worst. Re he comes. I win. But I actually cheated. I had inside info. I slept with that dude during my fatty phase. Powerful stuff, huh? Six weeks ago, I wrote one word on the board-- "medicine." So what's the definition? Well, if you believe the silly dictionary, It says that "it's the science of health maintenance And the prevention of disease." Snore. I think we're all dictionaries. We all edit the user-generated encyclopedias... Of our hearts. Those balloons were supposed to fall at the end of my speech. Okay, in front of you are teacher evaluations. Be honest. I'm trying to mold your minds, Not win some sort of popularity contest. Sweet! A coupon for $2 off fro-yo! Yeah, and, uh, tell 'em dr. D. Sent you. You'll get a little extra whip. Great last class, buddy. It's your last day. What do you want to do? I don't know, turk. I've left so many times. I've come back so many times. Even I'm confused. I think we should just sit this one out, old friend. I'm-a need a minute. Turk, no. Oh, hey, luce, guess what I see. Don't say it. I see dead people. Yep, 15th time's the charm. Hey, dr. Cox. I was just practicing for your exam. Taking blood is so easy. Dynamite work. But here's the thing there-- You're going to have to do this on a person who still has blood And can feel pain, not like this lump of flesh. did you just flick that cadaver's ear? Yes. I come down here To both increase my hand strength and relax. Some people go on retreats. I flick the dead. huh. Huh. That is so awesome. The teacher evaluations were in.</i> Okay. What's it say, turk? I can't look. Dude, you're number one. Yes! That's the part I wanted! This reminds me of when I was In my theater camp's production of "oliver." I still remember my one line. no, thank you. I don't like soup. Hmm. Hey, perry, don't you want to see where you're ranked? I'm quite sure I'm last. I could not care less. Don't feel bad, perry. Maybe you can go find some solace In one of your gym workouts. Maybe. ow! I don't know how, but that knocked the wind out of me. Sync by ReHelen "mesmerizing." "hilarious." "if you only take one class this year, make it dr. D.'s. It's the nonstop thrill ride of the quarter." You know, perry, you might want To watch a video called "boundaries," Especially the section on roughhousing. Suck it up, mary lou. You cannot get under my skin today, Not with reviews like these. Wow. Oh, wrong. Really wrong. And what is this? What is what? "needy," "desperate," "light on medical knowledge, heavy on broadway trivia." He wrote that I don't care about teaching And I just want people to like me. I'm a fool. I know. It's beautiful. God, I wish these things weren't anonymous. I'd like to take this student out and buy him a steak. He nailed it. All the best. Turk, am I needy? No. Tell me a hundred times. Thanks for letting me practice on you, dr. D. I don't know why I'm having such a hard time with this procedure. How could anybody hate me? I'm literally bleeding for you guys. Ow! That's a muscle. Aim for the blue lines. Sorry. I don't knowate me? I'm why I can't get this. I used to have a problem with the same thing, But then I realized You just gotta pretend the needle's your friend. Be careful, though. I told that to a med student once, And he became a heroin addict. But just pretend the needle's Your buddy and you two are doing something you love to do. Like roller-skating? I would have said ice dancing, but to each their own. here goes nothin'. I did it! Dr. D., thanks for always helping me Through the tough stuff. That's okay. Maybe you should practice On, like, a student partner or something, Preferably someone who can't feel pain. Ooh, like the incredible hulk. The hulk can feel pain, turk. Also, lasers hurt him. Dude, I hope you paged me 'cause you came to your senses And realized that we need to do one last eagle. Eagles are played-out, turk. How dare you. You and I are gonna find the kid that torched me. You said you wanted to do something this last week. This is gonna be fun. We'll be like the interracial hardy boys.</i> Look. A clue-- A piece of old man peterson's overalls. That means he's the phantom of cat scan island. Dad's gonna be so proud of us, black adopted brother. All right, I'm in. But you're buying me a magnifying glass. I got you a present. What is it? I don't know. It came out of the guy in room 12. That's sweet. Aw. It's still warm. Oh, god. Here's sunny. Who's sunny? Sunny is a wicker basket of adorable kittens Sliding down a shimmering rainbow. Head for the hills. Oh, hi, guys! It's too late. If she talks to me, shoot me. Denise, is this drew? you said he was handsome, but wow! What's happening? I can't believe denise found that special someone. When I first met her, I thought, this woman is Probably going to die alone, but here she is and here you are And here I am to ask you guys if you'd like to go On a double date with me and keyshawn. I guess. yes! We're not doing that. Of course not. I was gonna say yes, Then call her at the last minute, tell her I'm sick, Then change my cell phone number. Yeah, I owe her that. She is my closest female friend. Hmm. Cole, will you please be my blood buddy for dr. Cox's exam? Mm, sorry, baby, no can do. Doc says I got tiny baby veins--something to do With my moms eating blowfish in the third tri-mo. besides, I've seen you take blood before, And you suck at it. Somebody help me! I have a family! He's dealt with worse. He came to this country on a boat made of tires. okay. I guess I am gonna have to break out the big guns. No blood, no sex. turk and I were hard at work</i> Trying to solve the mystery of the feelings hurter.</i> Now do you see how the r's in this evaluation form Are the same as in this test from three months ago? Dude, I totally see it. Hello, barry friedman. Hacking into the med school files right now. You can hack? No, I have a password. It just sounded cooler. We're in. Tell me a story, turk. Barry friedman-- lives in the east dorms. Okay, buckle up, barr. We're coming for you. Which way is east? Oh, hey! So... What's the plan for tonight? Drew doesn't want to go. Bummer. Rain check? Yeah. Definitely. Yes! Look forward to it. No. Not happening. Oh. How beautifully ironic That the queen of sensible slacks Is not even wearing the pants in her very own relationship. What are you talking about? Now I saw how fast drew put the kibosh On that double-dating idea. Missy, you realize you're shoulder-deep In that inevitable turf war that defines modern coupledom. And psst! he... Is... Winning. and make no mistake about it. Early victories are ha--huge. In our first month dating, jordan made me give up tomatoes, Speaking to my mother and my ponytail. Honest to god, I can still feel it some mornings. That's not the way it is with drew and me. I see your point. Because you are so very different From every other couple In the history of doomed relationships. Note to self-- they're different. I think this is barry friedman's room. 23, right? Turk, I can see the number 23 from here. We don't need that stupid magnifying glass. Damn. Why didn't I get one of those for me?</i> You've got to be careful when you're working a mystery...</i> Dr. Kelso! Well, well. Come in or shut the door. You're lettin' all the funk out. Because you might not like what you find...</i> Hey, I know you were thinking of chinese food tonight, But I want to do italian. Okay. Great. Perfect. Oh. Mm. Especially if what you discover Is that you're still totally lost.</i> Come on, girl, do it! Make me bleed! I can't do it. I'm never gonna be able to do it. There's my big box of failure. Aw, santa, you got my letters, you fat bastard. oh, crap. Dr. Kelso, why are you here? This is my sex pad. And what have you done with barry friedman? He dropped out of med school two weeks after it started. I've been using his dorm room as my love nest. I can't get with a gal In the same bed I shared with enid. Gives me the softies. Wow, that's disgusting. Ugh. Threw up in my mouth a little. Well, looks like we hit a dead end. Oh, dear god, newbie. Don't tell me you're still looking for the visionary Who gave you the bad review. Yes, I am. I know you don't give a damn about what students think, But I want them to remember me as someone who was nurturing. So let me get this straight. You're going to find this kid... Then what? I'm gonna change his mind. Excellent use of your time. Forget him. Turk, gather all the students in the lecture hall. All of 'em? Just lure them there with something young people like, Like pizza or rob schneider. So pizza? Sure. Okay. Dr. D., I really need you to be my blood buddy for the exam. Lucy, I'm glad that I make you feel comfortable, but-- If you could just help me get through this one, I know next time I can do it on my own. It's just that I'm working a case right now. A-and I'm this close to crackin' this mother wide open.</i> okay, I know dr. D. Can't resist my puppy dog look.</i> oh, crap! She's puppy dogging me.</i> Be strong. Thank you. We're going to dinner with sunny and keyshawn. I thought you didn't want to go. Well, now I do. Wear your black shirt and dial the hair gel back. You're not doing the weather on channel 7. So who gave dr. Dorian A negative review? Many of you had motives. Mary, there was the unfortunate incident Where I called you "mark" for the first part of the quarter. But now I'm a major supporter of your softball team, So we worked that out. Jeremy, of course I suspected you. You take a little too long to laugh at my jokes. But I forgot to account for your interpreter. I apologize For not giving you a proper hearing.</i> Thank you, jeremy. Dr. Turk and I are going to keep you in here all day Until whomever gave me the negative review Steps forward. Who amongst you has the courage to step forward and say, "hey, I am the coward!" Oh, dear lord, newbie. It was me. perry? Hey, why would you do that to me? Because, as always, pushing your buttons amuses me. And I know you don't think I have anything left to teach you, But maybe I wanted you to see Just how ridiculous you truly are, Constantly chasing their approval. Sorry to interrupt, dr. Dorian. I just wanted to make sure You were still gonna be my blood buddy. I'll be there. What? You can't even help yourself, can ya? Dorian, in oer for these kids to really learn, Sooner or later you gotta let go of their hands. So I'm supposed to be like you and just rule by fear? Perry, they hate you. Yes, they do, and sure, I could be a little bit kinder. But that's not going to happen, and here's why-- We're creating doctors, not kindergarteners. Th need me. Do they? Because I don't ever remember Holding your smooth little doll hand, And you turned out to be not too horrible a doctor. So I'm here For our ridiculous couples date. Where are they? They're at the bar. I told them they couldn't sit with us. Okay, let's sneak out the ba and go play air hockey. Why did you make me come here? So I could win, which I did. Look, I had to do something. You were trying to make a power play. No, I just didn't want to go on some stupid double date. So far, this has just been a hookup thing. Why are you acting like we're in some big serious relationship? I mean, don't get me wrong. Not that I'm against it. Normally by now I would've sabotagethis by... I don't know, getting hammered at thanksgiving And making out with one of your aunts, and I haven't done that. And I think that's good. I feel like I'm growing. You know what? I'm into it if you are. Do you wanna talk about us being in a relationship? I have news for you. We're in a relationship. What? Yeah, I decided, like, a month ago. I didn't tell you? damn it. I actually like you. Y-you stole from me? Going to steal. Big difference.</i> come on, dr. D. Where are you? Done! That vein didn't stand a chance. I owned that bitch! As much as it pains me to admit it, That bitch is indeed yours. Well done. jingle bells, you're next. Great. Yes. Let me just pop up front, And I will take some blood. What are you doing? Stalling until dr. Dorian gets here. He's on his way. And when he gets here, I am going to drain his main vein. You have five minutes. So we are in a relationship? Yeah.</i> Are there any other decisions that you made That I need to know about? I mean, are we exclusive? You are. But don't worry. We'll go over all the rules later. Hey, guys. This is keyshawn. He's the bomb. That's great. You order drinks. I'm gonna go hit the head. What should we order for her? Yeah, she's not coming back. No problem. Uh, it just means more drew time. being there for someone is never easy.</i> You don't want to let down the people you care about.</i> Time's up. Do it now or fail. But... I don't have a partner. Yeah, you do. Just remember, you're terrified of me. I am. Go ahead. But sometimes being there for someone</i> Means not being there at all. the needle is my friend. The needle is my friend. I did it. I actually did it. You most certainly did. And the good news is That med school gets a lot easier after this. Really? No. No. Oh, hey, thanks a lot for not showing up. By the way, I did it all on my own, And I didn't need you after all. That's good, isn't it? Lucy? Good luck. Well, this is it. I can't believe you. I can't believe you don't want to do one last eagle. This could be our last eagle before our next last eagle. Turk, gather the students. All right, but they're not gonna fall for rob schneider again. Then pull out the big guns. Tell them it's the cast of "twilight." Kids love sexy vampires. I'm on it. The cast of "twilight's" in the quad! The cast of "twilight's" in the quad! J.D., are we really doing this? Yes, turk. It's time to finally realize the dream. Super eagle! eagle! Oh, look who it is! Oh, dear god. God, that is ridiculous. What is it? That is my prescription fiber drink with rum. I love that! Ay, you got any of those wiener pills? Who do you think you're talking to, son? I'll give you one for 10 bucks. You got change for a 20? Nope. We'll drop a couple of these bad boys And go trolling for ladies at the airport bar. Will you be my grandpa?