That's a closet, mr. Jenkins. Come on, mr. Benedetti, you're only a few thousand tiny steps away. JD, we need to find a way to move these gomers faster. All aboard! The love train. That was a fun fantasy, I wish it didn't have to end. Hey... That's a nice jacket, Ted. - What is it, wool? - It's a poly-nylon blend do you really like it? No. Bathroom's just put of paper towels. I know it's confusing, but these are your new rooms, ok? Please, try to stay put. Great. Bye-bye. Since Elliot revealed that Dr.Kelso was 65, the board was forcing him to retire in a few weeks.</i> This is even worse than when they decided female staffers couldn't wear open-toed shoes! Ob-obviously, this is much worse... but that sucked too. I feel like I've given my life to this place and got nothing in return. I mean, is there an MRI machine in my basement? Maybe. I guess I just wanted to end my career on my own terms, you know? - Oh... - We gotta help him save his job. - You guys are gonna help, right? - Of course. First we gotta handle something. Dr. Cox had a patient that he couldn't be able to diagnoaveva unse in two years.</i> And he went back again. Look, Alex, I'm afraid I still don't know what's causing all of this, so I'm gonna go ahead and treat your heart palpitations with betablockers. Turk and I couldn't resist play the little game called "poke the bear". Turk, yesterday I had this patient I just could not diagnose. Wow, you must have felt like a real jackass. I did feel like a jackass, but then I was able to figure out what was wrong with him, because I'm not a jackass, I'm a good doctor. Ok, now just stay calm, so he doesn't know what you're up to.</i> Oh, no, Turk's breaking! Quick, distract the bear with a casual greeting! Oh, hey Dr. Cox, how are things? My God, that was amazing. I never felt so alive in my whole life. My heart stopped for a second. - We made it. I love you, man. - I love you too. You smell like an athlete. - I need one of those. - A hug? No, a black friend. I think it would make me much cooler. I should be offended, but he's right. Why are you so gloomy? I thought you'd be super-psyed that Kelso's being forced out of his job. Dr. Kelso's being forced out? I did not know that. Will you excuse me for a moment? I'm free! I'm free! I'm beautiful and I'm free! I'm free! Give me some sugar! It's finally over! I'm free! Holy cow! Buddy, are you all right? Ted? Are you not talking 'cause your mouth is filling up with blood? You're gonna pass out, aren't you? Oh, boy there he goes. Yipes! Itasa Scrubs Team Presents Scrubs Season 07 Episode 09 " My Dumb Luck"</b> Transcript: gi0v3, Supersimo, Mezzi, Twilighter, JDsClone, Teorouge Revision and synch: gi0v3 ::Italian Subs Addicted:: [www.italiansubs.net]</b> At certain times in our lives, we all get introspective.</i> Taking it all in, too? Why don't you have a seat, son? Actually, sir, uhm, my shift is bout to start, so I should... Son, I don't care if the cure for cancer was laughter and you had Nipsey Russell in your backpack. Parking! I'm gonna get all nostalgic, crap. What's that strange red puddle loosing towards us? Oh, that's just Ted's blood. Apparently he bit of a chunk of his tongue. Anyway, when I started here, I was only 26. Aaaaand done! - 23 stitches. - Here's some painkillers. I want to take one of those every four hours, ok? No trying to talk. I keep thinking about Kelso. He reminds me of my grandpa. He's pervy, demeaning, and a tinsy bit racist, but you crave his love anyway, because he smells like peppermint. I've always respected Kelso. He's got a though job. And I bet deep down, everybody here want us to help him keep it. Ted, no talking. We do know a board member. Why would anyone wanna save Kelso's job ? - For starters... - You know what? I don't honestly care one way or the other. - About Kelso? - Or about anything. But then again, you two are young enough and attractive enough that I'm not angry when people assume we're friends, so what the hell? Here's what you do. Board members hate confrontation. There's a board meeting tonight. Just show up at the hospital, with all the movers and shakers in support of Kelso, They'll cave. All right. Ok. I'll support Kelso. But in return, I want you to put me in a full body cast and take me to the airport. - I'll explain later. - Why would we do that? Because I'm the bigger's mover/shaker in this dump. Come on. You handle this. And be nice. All right. Are you familiar with the term "delusions of grandeur"? I believe I coined that term. look, I'm a simple, unassuming janitor who can control people's actions with his mind. Observe. Explode! If that would have worked, it would have freaked you out. You'd loved it! Fall. Hello? I think this might be the thousandth time I've peed in a cup for you, doc. Well, then, to us. - Hard to celebrate? - Yeah. I got it. Jeez Louise, can you believe how many files I have on this guy? The only way I've been able to bind them together was with this bi-bond. - Do you hang on that for a second, will you? - Sure. I don't think he realized we were making fun of him earlier. Say, what's up your arm? Oh, boy. I'm sorry, dude, that was awesome. Dr Cox we're sorry. Dont' worry tough. Turk and I are gonna help you diagnose this patient. That's terrific, because I'm so darn lost, I just keep procrastinating. I check my emails, I pick up a copy of "House weekly" to see which of my favorite celebs is bringing back the fedora. It's Johnny Depp, by the way. - He doesn't think we could help. - I look good in a fedora. Turk, focus. We're being insulted. I'm tired of your not focusing when someone insults us. It ends up all on me. Hey, if you really wanna be useful make like an orderly and take that urine sample down to the lab. Follow me. Money, right? How does it have anything to do with what Dr. Cox said? What did Dr. Cox say? Good afternoon, Mr. Mandelbaum. Uhm, shouldn't we stop him? Nah, the security guard will keep him out of traffic. You know, when I was an intern, they made us work 60 hours shifts. Yeah, quite a few colleagues got drummed out because they couldn't cope. The rest of us were so sleep-deprived we could barely manage to stay sane. I'll never forget the day we caught Seth Finkel gently cradling a cadaver head which he swore belonged to his ex-girlfriend, Millie. A year later Seth actually did kill Millie. Ironically, Millie donated her body to science and that spring, we caught another intern cradling her dead head. Life's little cycles. Oh, boy, that was almost...40 years ago. Sir! Honk! Honk, honk! Honk honk honk! You tell her, Mandelbaum! Hey, slick. Will you come to the board meeting tonight to help Dr. Kelso? Now why on Earth would I do that? For some reason she thinks if you call a man "slick" he'll do anything for you. It also works on lesbians, so. Come on! You know that deep down inside, you're okay with Kelso running this place. Deep down I hate Bob Kelso and wish he would die painfully. Here's the research you wanted. Thanks, slick. Look, Kelso's a pain in the ass. You know what I say: Bring on the next pain in the ass. Hermione! - Have you seen Mr. McRae's urine test? - I'm on, slick. You don't remember where you left that cup of pee, do ya? No clue. We have to find it or he's gonna kill us. Us? Try you, he's not killing me! Why is it gettin' harder to...walk? Uh-oh. Dude! That was lucky! So, have you killed anyone yet? What? No. Well, you will. Super! It's a rite of passage for doctors. If you're lucky, it'll be a patient who's on his way out anyway. My first kill was a 19-year-old girl. She came in with severe abdominal pain. I thought it was appendicitis. Turned out, she was preagnant and didn't know it. It was ectopic and she was bleeding internally. I should have checked for that. But by the time I discovered my mistake it was too late. Sometimes I look at this whole hospital I actually see the faces of all the patients I've lost. - Boogaboogabooga! -Aaaah! Priceless. But I do see them sometimes. We don't need Dr. Cox. You know, we'll round up everyone else, and not just the doctors, we'll get all the non-medical personal too. Good idea! Ted! Who would you say is the leader of the support staff? Well well... Look who has come crawling back, through the desert of shame, to the oasis of hope. Begging for just one sip, of cool Janitor forgiveness. Well... the answer's no. - Please, Janitor! - All right, I'm in. Dog gone it, I cannot resist that adorable mug of yours. I'd have to throw a cup of acid on it, to keep it from having power over me. Ok, so we just have to round up everyone else. That should be easy. That was impossible. Where did I leave that stupid pee? - Dude, retrace your steps. - Ok, I remember we were walking this way, and you had to stop Mrs. Butler from wandering out of her room again. Oh, no! Mrs. Butler... Back in here. - Then I got paged to surgery. - Right! And I came with you to cheer you on, and I hold your fedora. And then we went out to the ramp to celebrate.</i> - There it is. - Why would it turn purple? You know, those 2 reminds me of a couple of dogs I had when I was a boy. JoJo and Spike. One day JoJo got his head stuck in the mailbox, and Spike went over to try to help him and got his head wedged in there too and they both suffocated. They were extremely dumb animals. But close. Sir, my shift started 2 hours ago, I should really go. You know, there are some things I sure as hell will not miss about this place, like how more often than not, medical skills didn't  matter. It all comes down to dumb luck. - Ok, I'm googling "purple pee". - Google that bitch! That's it! We left it in the sun! If urine exposed to U.V. light turns purple, it's a sign of a rare genetic disorder called "Acute Intermittent Porphyria". Sintoms includes bloating, high blood pressure, seizures... Cox's patient has all of those. We figured it out. Ah ah! 1, 2, 3! - In his faaaaaaaaace! - In his faaaaaaaaace! ...or how you can often have more questions than answers. I just don't understand why no one will help us save Kelso's job... That's easy. Word get out that he wants Kelso gone. And no one wants to cross him 'cause he's a scary guy. Now, I'm not scared of him, but that's because... I'm magic. - Is he dancing? - No, no. Or how every day in this place is made up of little battles. Or how around here once the ball starts rolling there's not much you can do to... Sorry, Sir, did you have another? Or how around here, once the ball starts rolling there's not much you can do to stop it. He's outta here. Or how patients don't appreciate their doctors anymore. Or how medical skills doesn't matter, it's all just a dumb luck. Oh, you already said that one, sir. Sounds my blood sugar is low, and unless you have a candy bar in that gay little napsack of yours, shut it! Or how if you get to the cafeteria past 5, they're always out of pies. Dammit! What do you buy, like one pie for the whole hospital? You ask him, if I do that he'll say something mean over to hurt my feelings. We want you to reconsider helping Kelso. Could I get a "Hell, no!" from any random doctor? - Hell, no! - Thank you, whomever. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got to go far, far away from annoying people. Especially whiny childless blondes with stainded-coffee teeth. Oh, look at that, he got you anyway. What the hell is this? What's the occasion? Did Barbie finally wax her tiny annoying mustache? Stop saying mean things about me! I'm not even talking to you! We diagnosed your patient, buddy. He's got acute intermittent porphyria. - What? - If it makes you feel any better, it did almost take us 3 hours. Oh, for the love of God. 1985 was going to be my year. Economics was in folk swing, Enid's implants hadn't exploded yet. And best of all, they made me chief of medicine, so I was the king, right? Wrongo. I realized fast that in order to keep this whole place going, I had to make one unpopular decision after another. Regardless of who hated me for it. And that was a lonely realization, son. And here it comes my biggest fan. Bob, there is finally a diagnosis on Mr. McCray. He has acute intermittent porphyria. Now his insurance company wants him discharged immediately, I'd like to fudge the paperwork a little bit, keep him around longer and teach him how to manage his desease. - No. - I realize that your heart is made up mostly of muffin bits, the souls of little babies, and the dental grip you swallow every time you suck your teeth to get out the muffin bits and baby souls stuck in there, but What do you care? You're not being in around anymore! Dammit, I'm still chief! Now, if you wanna fusìdge the paperwork, I want a promise from you that you will publish a paper on the case. Will you? Deal. He'll never publish a paper on that case. He knows just ho to play me. Sure, he likes to pretend that I win more than he does, but he walks away victorious more often than not. There's got to be a way to get Dr. Cox to change his mind. Perry does not sway so easily. Unlike your husband, who'll probably cave if you'd show him your cans. Don't even have to show him both. Left one's cooler. - Looks like a sea lion's face. - It does. Turk drew it for me. Come on, Jordan, think. There's got to be a way. Oh, my God. Enough. You know, there might be something I could do to change his mind. So here's the truth: I was only able to diagnose your patient when I left his urine outside in the sun, where it turned purple. Then I googled "purple pee", and the internet gave me the answer. The universe makes sense again. But, please don't think this is going to make me change my mind about Kelso. What if I was to sweeten the deal with a sketch of Carla's boob? That's an otter! Even though I knew it was coming, eventually, it still shocked me when the board said I had to leave Sacred Heart. But you know that, don't don't you? You've been sitting here listening to me yap all day. By the way, what's your name, son? Boone, Sir. My God, what a ridiculous name. Boone. Boone. My name is Boone. Well, I guess you should go, Boone. Really? Thank you, Sir. So... So you think my next 20 years here will be a nightmare? No. I think you'll love it. I have news, Mr. McRae. You have acute intermittent porphiria. Now, while that is manageble, I'm afraid... There is no cure. And then we got a respond that we didn't  expect.</i> Oh, man. I couldn't be happier. Excuse me? Just knowing what it is, makes it so much easier to deal with, you know? And then I saw something click in Dr. Cox. What Mr. Mc Rae was saying is that the enemy you know</i> is always better then the one you don't. The board meeting is about to start. It's just the three of you? I'll probably say a few words as well. Mostly about the potential of mind control in modern medicine. Oh, this should go well. Wait! There's more people coming! When? Right now. Love Train! - Well, you could have made a bigger entrance. - Let's get this over, before I puke. Well, Bob, your employees really stood by you. - They pointed out to the board that... - Hey. Well, you run a tight ship,and actually we'd like you to stay on. Girls, thank you for saving my job. The one thing I wanted was to end things on my own terms, and since you're letting me, you can shove it up your ass, Rodney. I'm out of here. "Little Victories" by Matt Nathanson.</i> I'm taking this with me, dammit. Thanks for everything, Ted. Sincerely. You're welcome, sir. I'm wondering if he even cared about this place at all. Yeah.