- Major head trauma. We've to place a CVP ball to low the pressure on the brain. Now we just cross our fingers and wait. Everyone deals with the hurting differently. Some of us did something life-affirming. - Whaa! - Ah! Aaah. What is it, like-like 4 times? Let's see. Whaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Five. I'm so sad! Again. Others resorted to childish mischief. I love mailbox baseball. Here comes his house. I've been wanting to do this for 6 years! Nice try, Turkleton. But Enid kept taking out the mailbox with the motorhome, so I had it reinforced with titanium. - Aaah. - Beautiful morning. And some people just need to do something impulsive.</i> There. Noobie liked my haircut so now they can all just suck it. Yeah, you win. God! I can't believe I'm getting my C-section today. Did... d'you forget to tell... anyone? No...I told the nanny to stay overnight and my mum booked a flight for next week, and I'm meeting the OB at the hospital in 2 hours. - Nuh? - Did I not tell you? - You did not! - I could have sworn I texted you. Well, it's for the best, 'cause if you knew you just would get all panicky and annoying. In this way you only have to freak out for a couple of hours, most of which I'll be unconscious. Kind of like our honeymoon. Eeeexcept this time, when you wake up, you'll have a baby girl in your arms instead of the Bolivian limbo champion. Oh, Marco, what a cheeky monkey! How come we don't travel anymore? Carla had the difficult job of talking to Laverne's family.</i> So there's a chance she may never wake up? Well Lester, we just don't know that yet. I wish there was an easier way to bring bad news to people.</i> So what's wrong with me doc? Mr. Goodbar, I think you'll be best if we brought in the bad news robot. Hello random patient. You've cancer. Press 1 for a reassuring peptalk. Press 2 to give up. You pressed 1 for a reassuring peptalk. You're strong. You can beat this. Beat this, beat this, beat this, beat this... - Stupid robot! - Aw. I'm so sorry but your father has had a massive system's failure. - Oh daddy, no. - It started in his hard drive and then worked his way to all the other circuits. I know this is a very difficult time for you. Ah, ah, ah, argh... Sure, this ain't a great de-messenger. Dude, I need to talk to you. Dr. Wen kept referring to her as the patient, but it's like, that's not the patient, that's Laverne, you know? I know. Dude! ItaSA Scrubs team proudly presents Scrubs - Season 06 Episode 15 My Long Goodbye       VO Subtitles</b> Transcript: Teorouge, JDsClone, Matters, gi0v3.</b> Sync: R!ck, JDsClone, gi0v3 Revision: gi0v3 ::Italian Subs Addicted:: [www.italiansubs.net]</b> You've taught me so much over the years, Laverne. Like how to place an IV without bruising, or... how to get lab results faster, or the fact that when white people come in out of the rain they smell like a dog....we do. We really do. Uhm... I, uhm...went to your desk, and got your favourite makeup, You're such a beautiful woman, Laverne, you always deserve to look your best. Checking in on her? Just make sure she knows how much I care about her. As long as you're not saying goodbye, I mean, people have come back from worse. You remember Mr. Chuen? Slept into a coma in 1984, woke up last month- Laaadies, wait the beef! I'm just saying, let's keep the faith. Yeah. Don't let her put no more makeup on me. I look like a streetwalker. So, Bob, uhm... How's Laverne doing? She's still unresponsive. Are you on call tonight or will you be busy fighting Superman? - You look like Lex Luthor. - I got it. - Sonia! - Yes. - We've got some super-secret news! - Hit me! - Sugarplum. - They're scooping the baby out of me today. - You guys, congrat-- - Don't say it. Congratu-- Don't even think it! He's in my head. I love it! Only telling you this, because we need a favor. Anything, just three quick questions: did you do this to your head so that the baby would think anybody looks like that, can I be the godfather, and why is this a secret? I'm going to answer the first two with the same sentence: Stop making dumb jokes, and it is a secret because Jordan had pre-natal surgery for a hydronephrosys, so I wanna make sure everything's okay with the kid before we start spreading the word. You guys, your baby is going to be just fine. Thanks, now all our fears are gone. Here's what I need you to do. Oh my God, dr. Cox is letting me into his inner circle.</i> He wants, no, he needs my help. If you do this right, next stop: Godfather. Hey, what did he say? We're all ready for you. Can you manage that? Ask him to repeat it, nonono! Then-then he will know you were not listening, and will never trust you again.</i> I'm on it, Perry. What's going on, I mean... You can't be a ghost, you're not dead! - Damn right I'm not dead. - Then why are you here? Suggy, you're the one imagining me, it's up to you to figure that out. - Dr. Cox, nice head. - Nice. This maybe a strange question, but... Have you ever had memory of someone following you around, kinda like... a ghost! No, but then again, I'm a sane person. Ok. Liar. Hi dr. Cox! I got pregnant in heaven. Who knew that could happen? Come on. I figured dr. Burman, the hospital audiologist, could help me. Hey, Ed. I read once that audiologists can read lips, is that true? Actually, yes. Suprisingly easy to learn, if you just-- I don't need your lifestory, Ed. Can you help me reconstruct what someone said if I remember what their lips look like? - I'll give it a shot. - Ok. Let's remember his mouth. Now, let me get in the character. Hating the world, clenching my jaws. Wishing I could love JD a little more. Well, I think what he said was: Ouff! For a minute there, I was in real trouble.</i> I would have to kiss being Godfather goodbye.</i> Which reminds me that time my Godfather kissed me goodbye.</i> He always said "Crumbs in a soul patch". Wait, has he been talking that whole time? I'm sorry, can you repeat that? I said I think it's: "Pick up some film, for my camera," Good work, Ed. You know, she once told me, I'd have a happy life. And... she said it with a straight face. You were the one woman I'd never do, cause I respect you too much. And you're kind of a big gal. But if doing you right now could help, - I would. - I'd like to say something private. - I love you. - Ok. Yes, it's allright. I probably should have  should have said this to you before, but... You always impressed me. Your compassion, your faith... and you didn't get mad at me when I insisted that I should be the lifeguard at your above-ground pool party... even after I made it painfully obvious that I'm not a strong swimmer. If you see your dog up there, please tell him I'm sorry. What are you doing? I wanted to share a few words before she passes through the golden doors of Valhalla. What now? I converted to the Norse religion, a few years ago. Just made sense. That's it, no more goodbyes, ok? She's not getting any better, but she is not getting any worst either. No-more. How d'you love it when you get yourself so, girl. Oh, there... here's my girl. How was she? How's the baby? We got your daughter into the NQ, and her lungs are great. Like we discussed she'll need another surgery in a couple of moths, but all in all, everything is better than we can hope for. Listen up, we're not comfortable letting people see our emotional moments, so if you just... turn around for a second, that'll be great. Ok, we're good. Ah, nurse Roberts... You were always one of the good ones. - What the hell? - We did it once, twice a month, years ago, before Mr. Roberts. - Did I not tell you that? - No! He loved hitting some brown sugar. That look only works on black guys. Then why are you sporting it? How did it go? Everyone's-doing-well. Though you'd prefer to give him a full body hug,</i> just go with the slight nod. And now, the Cudagrow. I got you some film, for your camera. Thanks, I guess. Did you pick my son up at daycare? Pick up my son from daycare. Dammit, it fits! - Takin' care of, Per-Per. - That a boy. Luckily, I can walk and text simultaneously. It's gametime. Hi, noobie. If this time you tell the masses, do me a favour try not to tear up. Sometimes, even the best news can be disrupted by a stupid chart.</i> Is that Laverne's latest CAT-scan? How does it look? And when that chart has the worst news of all,</i> there's only one thing left to do. Bye, Laverne. That can't be good. Laverne was brain-dead, so when her family decided to take her off life support</i> all we could do was to wait for her body to give up.</i> I couldn't help to think at the first time I have dealt with death and</i> how Laverne had been there for me. No way anyone could have called it, - Anyhow you have to pronounce it. - Why did anybody page me? Could you just pronounce him so i go home? You can finally go home Laverne. Oh, he did not just say that. Too cheesy. Hey Carla, I can... get someone to cover for you if you wanna take some time to say goodbye. I got stuff to do. Per, I am drugged upon painkillers, I've arranged my hair, I've got that brand new picture of the baby, I am ready for the flood of well-wishers. Uhm, buttercup, this is not our child. Oh, our still looks like a lizard. I got this off the internet, I think it's some baby that Luke Wilson had with a hooker. Fantastic. I'm gonna go and spread the word. Thank you, squish-nose. Ok, the fastest way to spread the news is tell the guys in radiology. Did you know how Joanne and Rhonda on: "Bla-bla-bla-bla! - Oh, that's Dr. Dorian, he's so hot! - I agree. - No you don't, you mad!" That's Rhonda, by the way. Joanne, horse-face! I'm not telling anyone that my daugther has been born. - But you just told Jordan that you gonna-- - Yeah, so that's what we call a lie, or when you're married... communication. Come on, noobie, you and I both know Laverne is not gonna be around a whole lot longer, and I know this reasoning is about as rational as your parents actually thinking they could raise you as a boy, but... I don't want the birth of my child to be forever associated with her death. That's why I'm not gonna tell anybody anything until after she passes. Now I... just gotta figure out how to stall Jordan. - I can help... - Like you helped to pick up my son? He got home, didn't he? - Some say speed metal can be very soothing. - Ahm. Well, since I already know about it, why do we go in there, make a big show, give her some JD's razzle-dazzles in jazz hands, that way she'll forget all about how no one's come to congratulate on your arrival little baby Jennifer Dylan. - Why that name? - I just think is pretty. - Ah. - And she'd be JD forever.</i> You know Laverne, if this was a horror flick I'd be so scared that I was next. Huh, they always kill the black folks off first. Now, I'm not really worried about it, 'cause... It's still the Snoop Dogg resident, Leonard the security guard and... You know when you think about it, this is a white ass hospital, I'm gonna miss you. So, you take care, ok? Turk, Carla is really having hard time with all this and I think she needs help. Ok, let's go. This is gonna suck so... since you are her best friend, you should do all the talking. Turk, you should do it. Oh no, I'm just her husband, you guys are way closer. Would you just do me a favour and... go away? I'm an extension of your psyche. All you have to do is close your eyes and think me away. Ok. - I can see your crouching under the table. - Damn. Hey, uhm, baby? Laverne is getting weaker by the minute we thought you might wanna come back up. I don't know... You know, Carla, when I was 12 years old I had this math teacher, Mr. Crane. Anyway, he used to give us these pop quizzes all the time, not about maths, there were litterally quizzes about soda pops, So once the question was: "What was Mountain Dew's original name?" So, I wrote my admiss and then my best friend Sandy Marchamer teared off my paper but it was  the wrong answer, because it was a trick question. Mountain Dew was always called Mountain Dew. Although, little known fact, Mr.Pibb originally called "Senor Brown water". Th--the point is: Sandy got the answer wrong, she failed the course and she had to go to a dumb girl school. I never... even got to sign her yearbook. Ok, uhm, I'm just guessing, but what I think Elliot's saying is that you should probably say goodbye to the people you care about when you have the chance. Yeah. Maybe, that's why you're imaging me here, because you don't wanna do that. I'm just going to shut up. All right, you wanna seal the godfather deal, Make Jordan feel like she's the first woman that ever gave birth.</i> Congratulate hard and go home. Y-a-t'il une mere dans la maison? That's French for "is there a mama in da house?" Wow, do you look hot for all what you just got in! Can you believe it, Per? Are you With me? You are, I know I am! What's that smell? That's the sweet scent of afterbirth. Jordan, I'm so happy to be in your life and these are for you. You're in the zone! Now break at home with an emotional voice crack to show the depth of your love!</i> I am so happy for you. Bravo! When are the people I actually give a crap about showing up? You! - I am officially... screwed. - Don't swear it. There's one more way I could stall. And now, Shadow puppet theatre. Wiff... wiff... wiff... I'm a dog! - Lame! - C'mon. Just getting started... Gang! Places! Pearl Harbor, December 7th, 1941. It started as a peaceful day, and then... Aggression from the Japanese! - Pheeew! Ow, it's just totally unexpected! - Phoom! Phoom! - Paaaawng!Phooog! - Ooow! - I bite you, my friend! - Ted! There were no alligators in Pearl Harbor! - Oh, man! Battelships are so boring! - Back to work! We can also do the battle of Gettysburg, or the first act of "Miss Saigon". What the hell am I gonna do? Unfortunately for Dr.Cox, that's when Elliot walked by, and showcased her oddest talent.</i> - Ssssomebody just had a baby. - How d'you know? My uterus is glowing. My mom had an uterus...Ilived in it. Oooh! Oh my god! It was Jordan, isn't it? Listen carefully, Barbie-- - If you mention it to a sole soul help me-- - Save it. Not even a killer track coupled to that new psichopathic alien hand could keep me from telling the world! Congratulations! Oh, babe! - Ooohh... - Waaaah! Yes! And there it was. The birth of Dr. Cox's baby would forever be associated with Laverne's death.</i> And the next time Dr. Cox walked into the ICU he'd be greeted by a series of sad faces. * People clap * Hey, Bob. - Hey, boy. - Hey, Janitor. - Congratulations! - And for everyone: in your faces! I knew it! Tell'em, Perry. 'twas a long saga. So, uhm... How's she doin'? She's hangin' on. You jerk! Why didn't you tell us? Well... because we all love Laverne very much, and I know this'll sound selfish and crazy, but... I didn't want everyone thinking about her dying everytime my daughter has a birthday party. And byeveryone, I mean the few of you I would actually invite to such an event. Nope. A baby is a blessing. Besides, when it's time for something to happen, you just gotta let it happen. And, sometimes it takes a little while to realize, huh? Yeah. Big though. And that's when Carla knew what she had to do. Go on, girl. You can do it. {\an8} * Why do I have to fly * Wow, I'm still not ready to do this. * Carla sighs * It's gonna be so weird not having you by my side every day. Making fun of the doctors... Goin' on and on about Jesus... And I hope it's real, or you gonna be piiiissed... Remember my first day? When that patient came in and started bleeding out on me? I was so shocked I could barely move. But you stood by my side. And you guided me through it. And then you did the most amazing thing of all. You made me laugh. * Carla sighs * For the last 15 years, you've been my role model... but most of all you've been my friend. * Sighs along * And I don't know what else to say, so... I'm really, really gonna miss you. * Sigh * Goodbye. Come on, baby. You can ask any doctor, sometimes it seems like patients just hang on until everyone has a chance to say goodbye. Here, boys and girls. - Thanks. - Truth to be told, they are on that guy. Friends have a way of helping you move on. Even if it's a simple changing of subject. Dr. Cox, I cannot wait - to see that little baby of yours. - Yeah. Must be such a madhouse with everyone there to see Jordan. What? I only told you guys, and you guys are all...here. Well, what's the worst that can happen, right? They're probably just forming a line outside to make sure they come in one by one. Screw it. Y'know what? - You're the godfather! - YES! Yes! Yes! In your face! Can you name her Jennifer Dylan? Sure. What the hell? And finally, there was only one thing left to say.</i> To Laverne! ::Italian subs addicted::