Now according to your chart, your hair has been falling out, your nails are splitting and you're fatigued. Robyn, you're a zombie. Patient also grumpy and not responding to classic comedy. Just a little hard to find the funny when you're 32, single and balding. Point taken. We're gonna figure this out, okay? And don't you worry, if you need me, I will be here all night. - So you're working tonight too, huh? - Yeah. I'm new on-call surgical attending. I kind of signed up because JD was supposed to be working with me. I'm covering for him. He and Sam went on a trip to... You know what? It's not important. No, no. Finish your thought. I didn't want to tell you this. Kim had a medical conference in Anaheim. And so JD went and took Sam to Disneyland. That's impossible. Because he and I swore to each other that since we've never been to Disneyland that we would go for our 40th birthday together. - What do you want me to say? - That he's not at Disneyland right now. - Can you tell me that? - No. You know what? Adults move on. And that's what I'm doing right now, I'm moving on. How do you want to handle tonight's workload? - I was think... - I can't do it Elliot! You know, I tried! I tried but it hurts too bad. It hurts me deep right here. I can feel it in my chest. That man went to Disneyland without me! They got roller coasters that roller-coaster in the dark. You don't where the turns are coming from. They've got the <i>Finding Nemo</i> ride where you ride in round with Nemo. It is a ride! A ride with Nemo! Tonight's gonna be great. My co-pilot here is a blubbering man-child. and the interns begin to think they know what they're doing. We totally saved that patient's life up there. Cancer's our bitch! No one does a Foley cath like Howie Gilder. Up high! I'm not gonna get mad because you're new. But I'm kind of the high-fiver around here. From now on, you're only allowed to high-five when I'm not here. Are we clear five? You may hit that because I'm instigating. Now get the hell out of here. I put that central line on Mr. Phelps for you. So next time you give me an assignment, can you make it something that's a challenge? - Okay. Next time. - Make sure you do. That's my surgical intern. He's been here less time than everyone else and that's how he acts. You know what we should do? We should scare the hell out of them. Full moon tonight, guys. Wanna know what that means? Means it's getting fricking crazy up in here! Buckle up for some nasty stuff. I'm talking nightmares that you cannot unsee. During my first full moon shift, psych patient Tony Belmont bit off his own tongue. And threw it at me. We couldn't reattach the sucker so I tossed it into that very Hazmat bin. Later that night, we heard a sound coming from in there. So we open up the lid very very slowly. And inside, is Mr. Belmont holding his own tongue. Do you want to know what he said to me? He said... Nailed it! Give it up! Guys! High-fiving? I feel like I've been more than clear about this. It won't happen again, Todd. Promise. You're my friends, so I hope not. I'm sorry five? - Still. - Still. Season 8 Episode 13 My Full Moon {\pos(192,220)}Alright, Robyn. Here's the deal. {\pos(192,220)}The last time you were here, all your health issues were from malnourishment. {\pos(192,220)}And now, a year later, {\pos(192,220)}you're nine pounds lighter than you were at your lowest rate. {\pos(192,220)}You know what's weird. I really have been eating. {\pos(192,220)}I'm gonna have you talk to a specialist named Dr. Paulson. {\pos(192,220)}He's on his way. Why are you having her talk to the staff shrink? Because she's anorexic, Turk. {\pos(192,220)}You know, I... {\pos(192,220)}I have a complicated psychological issue too. {\pos(192,220)}Mrs. Powell, your gall bladder surgery went terrific. {\pos(192,220)}However I can't discharge you until I'm sure your pipes are working. {\pos(192,220)}And since you said it's impossible for you to go number two {\pos(192,220)} outside of your house due to the fact that you're a nervous pooer... {\pos(192,220)}I feel you, sister. {\pos(192,220)}I'm gonna have to ask you to pass gas. Excuse me? You know... I don't do that. {\pos(192,190)}- Women fart. - You know. {\pos(192,190)}- We should go. - I know they do. {\pos(192,190)}Cause I have a wife and a daughter, and they both fart... {\pos(192,220)}And she farts and I smelt it before. {\pos(192,220)}It smells like hot dogs. {\pos(192,220)}Okay guys, full moon is upon us. {\pos(192,220)}It's only 8:30, we already have 10 new admissions so let's stay sharp. {\pos(192,220)}Nights like this are why you got into medicine. {\pos(192,220)}Sunny, I'm gonna need you to get that lady in bed six to fart. - I'm on it. - Why don't you just pull her finger? Howie, did you just make a joke? I did and it felt great. Good for you. {\pos(192,220)}And as a reward, you get the gentleman in bed three. {\pos(192,220)}He poisoned himself. We need to know what he took. Go. Gone. {\pos(192,220)}My pneumonia patient is presenting with a crap load of fluid in her left lung. Crap load really isn't a technical term. Fine. Bucket load. {\pos(192,220)}Is she being sassy? Because I love it. {\pos(192,220)}More than Space Mountain? Why, Elliot? {\pos(192,220)}I just forgot about it. {\pos(192,220)}Derek, can you get Denise's patient a thoracentesis {\pos(192,220)}and get that fluid out of there? {\pos(192,220)}Surgery to the rescue. {\pos(192,220)}You are welcome. Oh that's adorable. You have a crush on yourself. I'd be careful. The guy you're in love with is a douche. Where's Katie? I've been doing post-op on your hand surgery patient Mr. Gold. He says he can't feel anything in his arms from his elbows up. Now, I've been doing research for hours, and I think it's either a radiculopathy or a brachial plexus injury. Or... He's lying. Patients do that. Katie, a word please? Look, the man is homeless and not all there. You see his bandages? It means he's been chewing out his sutures. I'm probably gonna have to strap him down. I can find another way to make him stop. Suit yourself. If he messes up my handiwork, it's on you. Hi, Mr. Gold. Can you do me a favor and stop chewing on your hands? Pass. I had to talk to that shrink for an hour. Dr Reid, I am not anorexic. You've lost weight, you're anemic. Your prealbumine is low. All symptoms point to it. Who are you gonna believe? Me or that stupid chart? Robyn, I'm a doctor. We believe everything on the charts. That's why I write "Elliot has a slammin' tushie" on every single one, see? Right here. I keep making jokes at all the wrong times, don't I? I know that this is hard... It's only hard because it isn't true. I've been eating. You have already made up your mind, haven't you? Mrs. Powell, it's not your fault you don't want to pass gas. It's society's. Guys have always been allowed to do it. There's no shame for them. But if a girl lets out even a little squeeker, she's a freak. So come on, for women everywhere, let's do it together on the count of three. One, two, three. You didn't do it. Neither did you. There's people around. Hey Mr. Swick, I'm Dr. Gilder. I'm gonna grab a chart that doesn't say "Elliot has slammin' tushie" on it. Much better. And now, Mr. Swick... This one's got it too. - Is her butt that nice? - It's okay for a white chick. Anyway, I want you to tell me how you poisoned yourself. - I can't. - Why not? Because you're not my doctor. You may sound like him and you look exactly like him. But you're not him. Excuse me. Alright thanks, Dr. Paulson. So... The staff shrink says that Mr. Swick has Capgras syndrome. It's a brain disorder. Basically, he thinks everyone in his life has been replaced by an identical impostor. That's wicked cool. I know, dude! If we sent the twins from radiology in there, his brain would explode. Still, I think it's more important that we try and figure out what he ingested. You know? So he doesn't die. Yeah, fine. Hey Katie, how is it going? Doing great over here. It's hard to believe that we were interns eight years ago, you know. What? Oh sorry. My patient has really got into my head so I'm looking over her case history. That's crazy boring to me. So you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna just continue my conversation. All the signs point to anorexia. Do you like being a doctor? I just want to believe her. I love being a doctor. It's not like all of those other jobs where you just sit on your ass all day. You actually get to do things. Okay, Mrs. Emmett. There's gonna be a little discomfort from the needle. but not too much. Prepare to witness perfection. Did you really just say that? I also like that doctors get to think on their feet. I want to commend you for not disclosing what you ingested before because well, you were actually talking to my impostor. I knew it. I'm impressed cause the differences are subtle. His voice sounds like this. - And my voice sounds like this. - I heard it. Anyway, what don't you just tell me what you took before he comes back? I tricked his ass! Someone give me some! Look, I came from home because I couldn't sleep. I've decided I'm not comfortable with you giving high fives. Even when I'm not here. But I just totally nailed a diagnosis. The fact that I'm not making a tremendous sex joke right now about who or what I nailed tonight should tell you how serious I am. I'm spending so much time focusing on Robyn's past I'm prejudicing myself. If I just looked at her admission form from this morning... "Young woman who has undergone a drastic weight loss even though she says she's been eating." I know exactly what to look for. Handle your business. I'll go check on the interns. Katie, no. - But it works. - I said no! He's human. - We got blast off here? - Nothing yet. Give me some good news. I need a win. He overdosed on acetaminophen. Here we go. - Everything all good in here? - You know it. But I'm getting some bubbles coming out with the fluid. - Is that supposed to happen? - No. Step back, please. Thank you. Mrs. Emmett, I need you to hold still. You might have a collapsed lung. Quick, tell him that's impossible cause you're the greatest doctor in the world. The troops are one for four. How is it going over here? Not great. Robyn is HIV-positive. That sucks. When she wakes up, I have to tell her. Elliot, maybe it won't be so bad. You know, we made a lot of headway with HIV. It's not a death sentence anymore. Check on Mr. Maller over here. He found out he was HIV-positive today. Admittedly, he's not psyched about that. He's actually watching sports on his computer. My point is maybe it won't be that hard telling Robyn she has the "hivy". Hivy? I heard somebody say it and I thought I was kinda cool. Sounds like a dance the kids do nowadays. Do the hivy, do the hivy... Like this? Bring it down. Here it is. - I like when you do the hivy. - We should not do the hivy! Do the hivy... Mrs. Emmett, we can't drain the fluid in your chest until we repair your collapsed lung. How did I get a collapsed lung? That happened when I tried to drain the fluid. I'm sorry. Okay but when it's fixed, I want the procedure to be done by a real doctor. So how long is it before you become a real doctor? Is it soon? Back off, okay? Come on, when you act all hurt, it ruins all the fun for me. Anything? Mrs. Powell, when I was a kid, my mom used to tell me that farts were demons that were crawling around in your belly and if I ever let one out, it would give my grandma cancer. So I know what you're going through. But let me tell you the real issue here. The number one killer in hospitals is infection. And since you just underwent surgery, you're very susceptible. We need to get you out of here, but we can't until you do it so... It's up to you. I'm so sorry we have to strap your arms down. Please know I'm just trying to help. Hey Katie. I can't really talk right now. Looks like someone got her first face spitting. See, there's a lot of things to hate about being a doctor. For starters, no women looks good in scrubs. But guys do. It's unfair. Plus, malpractice insurance, bad hours... Yeah, but at least you guys in medicine get to figure stuff out. You were like a detective with your HIV patient. Surgeons, all we do is cut and sew. Sometimes I feel like a glorified mechanic. Well... Spleen is shot to hell. I'm gonna have to remove it. While I'm in there, I might as well get that gall bladder too. You can leave it in there but... Just gonna be back in a couple of months. To be honest with you, I ain't do great with those "japonese" models. I'd look good in a jumpsuit. If you fantasize like JD, you have to talk like him when you come out of it. I'd look good in it, in a jumpsuit. - Better. - Thank you. Gotta tell you what else I don't like about being a doctor. The patients. Sometimes they're great. But sometimes, like you said, they just lie through their teeth. Guzzle this Mucomyst to counteract the effects of the acetaminophen overdose. It wasn't acetaminophen. There was a guy in here before pretending to be you, so I lied to him to throw him off the trail. Dude, you're killing me! I think the only way I got through my first year here was leaning on the people around me. You know how you found Carla and I found JD? You ever think how weird it would've been if you and I found each other? Elliot... You're very cute, but your booty is really tiny, I don't know what I would do with that thing. You could start by smacking it. And secondly, if we were in a committed relationship, I'd have gained like 30 to 40 pounds for you. - Really? - No. Still this place could use some jungle fever. The whole white doctor black surgeon thing.</i> Wait, wait. Why is this happening? That whole pathetic no self-esteem thing you have going on right now... I'm really vibing that. That's why I used to date fat guys. The reason why I work my body so much now is cause I was... kind of a heavy kid. - How heavy? - 260. Oh god. We're acting all nostalgic, but we're barely in our thirties. We could still do anything we want with our lives. You don't think we'll both be doctors forever? Dr Reid, your patient Robyn is up. Great. Here goes. Also, I got Mr. Swick to admit he actually ate fertilizer. - How did you do that? - I may have given him a little slap. You'll do fine here. It's done. Just me being a guy, I have to ask this question. - What did it smell like? - 30 years of repression. And hot dogs. Good job. I'm HIV-positive? You were right. It's not anorexia. Wow, that's a... Huge victory for me. I know it's scary to even be talking about the "hivy". The what? I'm sorry, forget it. I'm just really nervous. The point is, HIV is very treatable now. This does not have to ruin your life. So I should just... stay positive? Definitely. Because... Even though I really want to get married and have kids, this will probably make it easier... to find someone. Don't try to make this okay. This is not okay. This is the worse thing that's ever gonna happen to me in my entire life. And you're here to see it so... you need to find a way to handle it better. Cause I get to handle it however I want. Do you want me to shut up? Do you want me to leave? Here. Sorry about the guy spitting in your face. Thanks, Howie. You smell horrible. I showered three times and I can't get Mrs. Powell's stink off me. It's in my hair. Where have you two been? - Nowhere. - We weren't anywhere. What smells? I'm going to go take a bath in tomato juice. Look at that. They have no idea what's ahead of them. You know, I never answered your question earlier about whether you and I would always be doctors. You will. You have this amazing ability to find joy in everything you do. Thank you. Whether it's like an operation you've done a hundred times, or even teaching. Alright, the trick to this is to get the needle right between the ribs, okay? Watch. Like... so. - Nice. - You wanna get it for me? But as for me, I know you think it was a big victory figuring out what was wrong with Robyn. But those moments are kind of like eating a piece of chocolate. I enjoy the satisfaction for about ten seconds and then it's gone.</i> See... The thing that sticks with me is the anguish on a patient's face</i> when I give them crappy news. I hold on to that forever.</i> You're a surgeon, you occasionally get to fix people.</i> I figure out what's wrong and then most of the time I can't do anything about it.</i> I just wish them luck dealing with it...</i> or try to keep them alive for a while longer.</i> So you wanna know if I'll always be a doctor?</i> I'd have to say, I don't know. I'm a doctor now, I will be tomorrow.</i> But I can't tell you that if I'm ever lucky enough to get married,</i> to have some kids, to maybe not need the money, I think I'd walk out of here and never look back.</i> But how am I supposed to express my joy? {\pos(192,220)}Dude, you gotta find your own thing. {\pos(192,220)}I'd tell you to do the low arm pump, but Dr. Fordham owns that. {\pos(192,220)}Here's the coffee you wanted. {\pos(192,200)}Deb, relax. It's just coffee. {\pos(192,210)}Don't tell her there's donuts in the break room. {\pos(192,210)}We have donuts?