I used to be a spy until... man: we got a burn notice. You're blacklisted. When you're burned, you've got nothing - No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in. Where am i? Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you. A trigger-Happy ex-Girlfriend... should we shoot them? ...an old friend who's informing on you to the fbi... you know spies - A bunch of bitchy little girls. ...family, too... is that your mom again? ...if you're desperate. Someone needs your help. Bottom line - Until you figure out who burned you, You're not going anywhere. ±¾÷öä»¾ö¹©ñ§ï°¾»á÷¼¬ñï¾ûóãóúéìòµóãí¾ =Ææàãðü÷öä»÷é=- ·­òë¼º ð¼¶ô¼º ê±¼äöá:êø»¤ììê¹ </font> International conferences attract spies For the same reason hotel bars attract hookers. You can do business and drink for free. Fiona: looks like your fbi tail found us. Should we call this off? No. Keep the engine running. I'll try to make this quick. Fi, this is not an armored assault. Do you think they're just gonna give you a list of covert operatives coming? All i need is a name - Somebody in miami who can get me The homeland security directive that burned me. One name. I don't need a gun for that. You're no fun, mi- Any high-Security function Is going to have a lot of oversight, A lot of meetings, A lot of bureaucrats checking up on each other. Remember, i forgot my badge. The security office is...? Right. In all the confusion of the big event, It's easy for another bureaucrat to just show up. Security brief, right? Sorry. Anyway... we're concentrating our efforts on crowd control If we get protestors. Sounds good. Excuse me. Which office are you with? I'm an interdepartmental liaison. They wanted me to come down, make sure we're up to speed On everything you guys are doing. Looks like things are under control. Is there anything you need from us support-Wise? Okay, then, well, you let us know If there's anything you want us to coordinate on our end. The important thing is to disappear Before people can ask questions. Excuse me, sir. Sir! Great. If they do decide to ask questions, You just have to hope you're in a building With a lot of hallways, a good service basement, And plenty of exits. Locked. This is a fire hazard. Sir? But in? Sometime? Is just? By jump? I just walked 2 miles with a twisted ankle. What happened to "keep the car running"? The stolen car, michael. Your feds were getting curious. I had a gun in the car. Our little mission was in danger of being compromised, So i returned to base. And broke in again. I think our little post-Operation debriefing Has taught us that you need a car And i need a key to your apartment. A key? Aren't you more comfortable breaking in? What is your problem with me having a key, michael? I don't want anyone to have a key to my place. It's a security issue. And your problem with car ownership? You prefer the bus? Urine-Scented transportation is more secure? I don't know where to get a car. My assets are frozen. I don't even have a driver's license. I spoke to your mom. Apparently, you have a car. Your father's old, uh... what is it? Charger. Not interested. What are you doing talking to my mom? We chat. And you know what i think? I think a car is commitment. I think you're afraid to be tied down. Is there a problem with the lock? More like a problem with boundaries. Apartment is good for you, yes? Apartment is good. Yeah, club is good, too, but always competition, though. Many problems. What do you need, oleg? I have a waitress, cara, knows my regulars. On a good night, half of my business is from her. But for a week now, she doesn't come to work. You don't want me filling in for her, trust me. No, i need her, but she's scared to leave her house. Someone threatened her, maybe boyfriend. What do you want me to do? I think maybe you can help. You got rid of the drug dealer next door, So i think maybe it's no problem for you, huh? Look, you take care of this, I give you free rent for two months, yes? Four months, da? Okay. I'll talk to her. Cara: so, you work for oleg. We have an arrangement. I'm here to see if i can help. So, a couple weeks ago, i was driving home from work - Ohh. Oh. Recycled grounds. I haven't been out to the store in more than a week. I haven't been anywhere. It's fine. Uh... so, what exactly is the situation? Do you know who's threatening you? Kind of. A couple weeks ago, I was driving home after work, around 3:00, And i saw this pizza-Delivery guy rear-End this gold lexus. The guy in the lexus pulled this poor kid out of the car And started pounding him with this steering-Wheel lock. I got the license-Plate number, and i called the cops. So you're the only witness. Yeah. The pizza-Delivery kid is on life support, So it's just me. The next week, i get home, And there's a rat nailed to my door. So i went to the police. You know, i figured that they could protect me, right? They're like, "we'll send some patrols by. " Meanwhile, there are these scary guys coming around my work, And somebody's hanging around sophie's school, Wanting to know where we live, and... sophie? Yeah. Sophie? This has been really hard on her, Being cooped up in this little house for so long. Sophie, um, this is michael. Um... he's a... what are you, exactly? Someone oleg thought could help. So, are you going to help or what? I'll see what i can do. This is good. It's a persian recipe. You haven't cooked for me in a while - Years. What is it you want, michael? Listen, fi, if i show up at that hotel Now that the conference has started, I'll set off every alarm there is. I need your help. There's a delegate i need to talk to - Akhom thabet. He's a friend? Not exactly. I saved his life a while back. He owes me. You want me to track down an egyptian spy, And in return, i get what? This meal? It's tasty, but... you want me to ask my mom for the car... i'll ask my mom for the car. Asking my mom for anything Is a lot like getting a favor from a russian mob boss. They'll give you what you want with a smile, But believe me, you'll pay for it. What are you doing, mom? Making a salad. I'm getting healthy. Does the recipe call for cigarette ash? One mountain a day, michael. That's what my yoga teacher said. Uh, you never leave the house. Where are you meeting yogis? I bought a yoga dvd on the home shopping network. That's great. Listen... i need the car - The charger. Oh, michael, that's wonderful! Your father always wanted you To have something to remember him by. Oh, i have this to remember him by. I remember what fun you two had, Always working on cars in the garage. Fun? I remember him making me fake a seizure at mr. Goodwrench So he could steal spark plugs. I remember him quitting every project early And handing me a to-Do list to finish the job for him. And look at you now, michael. So many things you can do. Here, honey. My father's approach to machinery Was similar to his approach to his family - If you don't like how something works, Keep banging on it until it does what you want. If something doesn't fit, force it. And above all, make sure it looks good on the outside. Spark plugs. Perfect. Thank you, melinda. So, a babysitting gig? What? Are you that hard up for cash? Hey, at least i've gotten an apartment. I'm working on that. I got a few irons in the fire. Hey, so, this, uh... this new job - You want some help? Maybe i could provide a little something. I already sent fiona over to cara's place. You got a sexy cocktail waitress that needs protecting, And you send fiona. What is she? 80 pounds? Mike, come on. Look at that - Guns of steel. If there's a situation that requires Showing off your body and boozy flirting, you're my guy. Oh, that's low. I need you to have your cop buddies Check on a license plate and get an address. Okay. Next time, i get the girl. So, i have one teaspoon of ground cumin seed. Ew, too much cumin. You cook? Used to. I was in chef school when i got pregnant. But i was failing out. I was 19, a mess. And then sophie came along. She saved my life. All right, his name is alvaro disantos. That's him there at the outdoor table. Want me to go in with you? No, you stay with the car. You get distracted in bars. Fair enough. Hey, if they have dos equis, just grab me a couple - Michael: convincing a bully to back down Is usually just a matter Of showing you're not afraid of him. Can i help you? I think so. A friend of mine, cara stagner, she has a rat problem. And you come here? Sounds like she needs an exterminator. Little late for that. They're nailed to her door. I want this to stop. Take your chances at trial. There are worse things than going to jail. Oh, yes? What things? Of course, some bullies have guys with. 357 magnums. Then you change tactics. There's no need for unpleasantness. I'm just trying to resolve this situation. Disantos: i'm happy that you come here. This "situation," as you call it, Is going to be resolved within the hour. By the time we finish our mojitos, This will all be done... for good. Go! Go, go! Hello? How did it go? Michael: fi, disantos has a hit squad on the way. No worries. Go in the bathroom, get in the tub, and stay down. What? Be a sweetie. Do it before someone starts shooting. Where's your liquor cabinet? When faced with superior force, you can do two things. You can retreat quietly, Or you can attack with as much fanfare as possible. Last call, boys. Sam: how many were there? I don't know. Four? They took off after cocktail hour. Fi, it looks like fallujah down there. I was half hoping they'd stick around for a bit. Cara's got quite a liquor cabinet - Good for a 10-Hour siege. Michael. You okay? Can't we just tell them i won't testify? I don't care. Once they send guys to kill you, They're past the "i promise not to tell" stage. We need to get them out of here. Where are we going? Sam: you can't take them to your apartment. Cara works downstairs. They're gonna come looking. I know a place. Madeline: how long are they going to be here? I'm not sure how long they'll be here. Maybe a few days? Why the garage, though? We have a very nice guest room. I need to control access points. Trust me, it's better. This way, you can have the whole house. You can do your, uh... yoga. Michael... all these years, ever since your first background check, All those letters where you couldn't say where you were, I never asked questions. Now i want to know what you're doing. They're in danger, and i'm helping them, okay? Please, mom. Thank you. Do something for me. Go see your father's grave. It would mean a lot to me. I'll think about it. Outfitting a safe house is about two things - You need to know if someone's coming, And you need to know how the folks you're protecting Are going to get out of there if they do. If you can't be on babysitting duty all the time, You need to make sure That you know the minute something's wrong. A $35 outdoor floodlight has a decent motion detector on it. Wire that to a cellphone, And you've got a remote alarm system That will call you if there's trouble. Nice. It came with the phone. So if anyone comes in here, you'll know. And if that goes off, i'll know, too. So we're supposed to stay in here - In the garage? - And do nothing? Pretty much. It's not so bad, as safe houses go. You got a tv, at least. I once spent three days in a riyadh storage facility With nothing but a flashlight And an arabic celebrity magazine. Can i call my friends at least? No. No outside contact until this is over. They're high-School students. You're completely paranoid. Maybe. But i'm still breathing. Now, if you need to run, You can go safely through that opening, but don't - See? Don't touch that. I'll be rigging this so if anyone comes through this door, They'll be electrocuted. I don't want you to get zapped accidentally. Whatever. It's a freaking garage. I'd rather be killed than live here. Well, those are your two options. I'll miss our spring formal. Is it too much to ask to go to one dance? Look, these guys know where you go to high school. If they have any brains at all, they will put the word out. You show up, someone makes a phone call. You really think they're gonna use kids at my school? That's what i would do. I can't believe this. This is so - Sophie! We are very grateful, michael. I am sorry. It's fine. You might want to go use the bathroom. I'm gonna lock down for the night. Kids. Yeah. Thank you, mariposa. Appreciate it. Hey, what's happening here? What? Bus fare. What about your car? I thought you had some wheels. Spark plugs. Spark plugs cost 2 bucks, mike. My dad rebuilt the engine. The ignition system is shot. Plugs won't fit until i rebuild the system from scratch. From scratch? Sounds like you and your pop had a lot in common. Changing the subject, what did you find out about disantos? Well, i checked around. He's a distributor for one of the drug cartels. He's not a major player, but he's got some firepower. Any chance we can nudge the fbi to pick him up? Your little fbi surveillance team Is more interested in your romp at the convention Than doing you favors, f. Y. I. It sounds like they've been trying To make a case against disantos, but nothing ever sticks. Who's disantos' lawyer? Gellman. Who? Oh, that's right. You've been running around the world for the past decade. Bruce gellman. He's the lawyer for the whole drug cartel - Disantos all the way up to el jefe. Guess i better meet gellman. What is this? Weapon? Nothing you need to worry about. You know what i worry about? I worry about my waitress. How long this takes, michael? A week now? I'm working on it. Things got a little complicated, But i think i found someone disantos will listen to. I love commuters. Anybody who drives the same route to work every day, It's like they're doing all the work for you, And a punctual commuter, A guy who's in the same place every morning at 8:36 a. M., It's almost too easy. I'm gonna feel really bad if you don't have a aaa card. Is this a robbery? The wallet, keys are in the car. Is this the 7 series - With the leather seats? Tempting, but it needs new tires, and i'm here on business. Business? I've been calling, trying to make an appointment, But then i thought, "he's a busy man. I'll just talk to him on his way into work. " What do you want? Alvaro disantos. I want to talk to you about his assault trial. And my daughter wants a pony. I don't discuss my clients' business. "A pony. " That's funny. Well, i'll do all the talking, then. I don't know how much attention you've been paying To your client lately, but he's been a bad boy - Witness intimidation, attempted murder. You know - The kind of things That could cause problems for your... other clients. You have no idea who you're dealing with. No, i read the article - Most of it anyway. Scary guys, drugs, guns. I miss something? I doubt el jefe back in colombia Wants to risk yet another murder investigation Just so disantos can avoid a few years in prison. Have el jefe tell disantos to back off. I want an answer by tomorrow. I'll meet you here, same time. Understood? Oh, i understand. How'd it go? Gellman gonna talk to colombia, make our lives easy? Hope so. Those two can only stay in mom's garage for so long. And if he doesn't go for it? Then our lives aren't so easy. There's your man. Oh. Been a while. He's lost a little - A lot of hair. I tailed him for you. He's renting a nice mercedes. Spends a lot of time in restaurants. He lives pretty well for a spy. Hands out bribes mostly - Bid rigging, industrial espionage. Listen, i need you to keep watching him. Let me know when's the best time to get next to him. What then? Then i'll find out who's behind this burn notice - I'm just curious about your plans. I suppose if you get this resolved, Then you'll leave miami. Fi, can we talk about this later? Threaten any serious criminal organization, And they're going to do one of two things - They'll send someone to make a deal... ...or they'll send someone to make a corpse. Either way, you've got something to work with. Problem with the detonator? I borrowed this when you went to take a leak. Aah! Gellman's not coming, is he? What's going on? I don't know nothing. Oh, come on. Don't be so modest. You hear things around the water cooler at the office. I could take the other knee out if that helps. They talked to the guys in colombia. They say... to kill you all. Really? That's not what i was hoping they'd say. What? We have to leave miami? You don't have a choice. The whole cartel is after you now. They won't stop until you're dead. What about you? They don't care about me. So we just leave? That's it? Sophie, sophie, he's just trying to help us. It was bad being stuck in here, But now we're just supposed to leave? What - What about my friends? It's m- It's my senior year. I have a date for the dance! Perimeter's clear. Sam's out front keeping a lookout. Can't you do something? Didn't you say that you were better At tactical whatever than he is? What? I am. I'm sure fi would be happy to take on the cartel With a lighter and whatever's in the liquor cabinet, But trust me, it's not an option. You have to go now. We don't even have our things. Can we at least go home? They'll have people watching your house. But i need my phone. It has all my friends' numbers on it. Maybe i'm not being clear. You will leave miami. You will not contact anyone. You will start over. They want cara and sophie stagner dead. It is our job to turn cara and sophie stagner into ghosts. I know how you feel. Normally, i would agree with you. Michael would change his identity and disappear To get out of a parking ticket. But in this case, he's right. It's for the best. Okay, so, where do we go? Write up a list - Places you have family, vacation spots, Anywhere you've been in the last 10 years or so. You can go anywhere that's not on that list. Won't they just follow us? Trust me. They will not know where you're heading. Fi, we've got to get over to cara's apartment now. When you go on the run, the first thing you do Is lay down tracks in the opposite direction, But that only works if the bad guys find the trail And believe it's for real, which means selling it. You need to put on a little show, make them feel clever. When you make somebody work to get a piece of information, He'll believe it that much more because it was hard to get. Fiona: i am in cara's apartment. They see me? Yeah. Hurry up, fi. Michael, are you worried about me? That is sweet. Sometimes i feel you're more of a romantic than you realize. Fi, there are guys with guns outside. Oh, it's not that bad. Last week, i was holing in some dodgy - I don't want to hear about your other jobs, okay? If i knew you were gonna take this long, I'd have done it myself. Don't be silly, dear. You're on their hit list. Just hurry. Actually, i was thinking that now would be a good time To talk to you about getting a key to your place. Fiona, please. What? I'm just saying - It's practical. I'm not talking about moving in. I could come over anytime, and - And we could - Okay, here they come. Get out of there now. So, what do you think? A key? Two more coming in and disantos. I want an answer. Fi, go to the back door and get out now. Yes or no? Fine! Just get out of there. Fi! Fiona, get out of there! God damn it, fi! Get out of there! As far as disantos and the colombians are concerned, The stagners are off to salt lake city. You know, michael, if i'm gonna be there more, You really ought to get some proper furniture. So they think we're going to salt lake city, But we're really going... to buffalo. Tomorrow morning, you're on the first flight. Airport security is your friend at a time like this. What are we supposed to do in buffalo? Same thing you do here. There are malls and... clothing stores. Such a tough age just to get up and move. I joined the military at her age. I left home with 50 bucks and a change of clothes. Was someone trying to chase you down and kill you? I'll, uh... i'll talk to you in the morning. Yeah, fi? Your egyptian just got back, and he has dinner reservations. I'll be right there. Approaching a spy in the middle of a job Gives you a lot of leverage. They're playing a delicate game, And the last thing they want is someone coming in And smashing their delicate game with a brick. Good to see you, akhom. "Good to see you, michael, my old friend. Why, just the other day, i was telling someone -" Michael. "... how you saved my life. " It's good to see you. I'm in a meeting - Maybe later. I need a few minutes with him. You don't mind, do you? What do you want? I need your help. Akhom, if it wasn't for me, You'd be buried somewhere in the desert - A horror story diplomats tell one another around the campfire, But you're not because i helped you. I'm grateful, but you're burned. You're out. You're still in business, though. Wasn't that the vice chair of the sudanese delegation? And what is that? That is - Ohh. What do you want? Well, for starters, a sip of your drink. I mean, the taste, it's just - Ohh. Oh, and, uh... a copy of the homeland security directive That authorized my burn notice. I can't. Sure you can, Because you don't want me to tell your friends there About the jobs you did on the wrong side of his border. Maybe he'll forgive you. Yeah, i need an answer... now. I also need your valet ticket. Michael. Where is she? She's gone. The alarm went off, and - How many men were there? Did you get a look at their car? What? No, there was nobody. She snuck out while i was asleep. It's her spring formal. Sam - Sam, i need you to get to the safe house. Sam: yeah, just let me put on some pants. Come naked. Just get here now. Michael, if they find sophie, they're gonna - Hey. I'll find her first. Sophie. Sophie. Sophie! Oh, come on. One night. Just one. Why can't you just leave me alone? One night - That's all i wanted, But you have to be a drama queen! Why can't you just leave me alone?! I don't understand. Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Shop class - Where is it? Turn the lights back on. But they'll find us. We're not hiding. You will go out the back door. You're gonna meet me behind the gym, And i will find you in five minutes. Seriously, go. I can't. No arguments! Go! Sophie, go right now! You can't leave me! I won't let anything bad happen to you. Go. Go. Aah! Basic rule of bodyguarding - Never fight with the protectee around, Mostly, because if they happen to catch a stray bullet, You just lost your job. Sophie? Sophie, bad guys are gone now. Soph? Sophie: i should have listened to you. I'm sorry. Let's go. I barely had a chance to go inside. I didn't even have a chance to say goodbye to my boyfriend. Boyfriend? I-I thought it was just a date. He could have been my boyfriend. I'll never know now. I was on this job once in dublin. The whole plan fell apart, totally compromised. I only had an hour to get out of the country. I couldn't get word back To a key asset i had developed in the i. R. A. It was fiona. We were... involved romantically. Are you guys still together? No. But we reconnected later. Sort of. Sophie, we should go. So you're saying that if we're meant to be, we'll find each other. Sure. You're really bad at this. Yeah. It's just hard, you know? Leave your whole life behind. Sometimes it can be. Yeah. Can we go now? Bottom line is... disantos knows cara hasn't left. Eventually, he'll hunt her down. We need a more permanent solution. It's about time. Fi. Sam, have you talked to your fbi buddies lately? Guys, we've been through this, all right? They're not my buddies. They're just - Your keepers? Your masters? That's enough out of you. They're both by-The-Book suits, right? Yeah, mike, they're feds. I mean, come on. Why? Modern technology has made it possible To do sophisticated electronic surveillance With stuff from your local electronics store. It sounds more fun than it is. Come for that drink? Another time. This has gone far enough. We want to make a deal. Good. Fine. Bring me the girl, we make a deal. Just listen to this first? Who is this? Uh, yes, mr. Disantos, this is chuck finley, Attorney for cara stagner. Mr. Finley, i dislike meetings over the telephone. Perhaps i could meet with your client face-To-Face. Well, i just want to tell you That cara stagner is not going to be a problem. Not a problem? Now, y-You see, this confuses me Because i know she made a statement to the police. Yes, uh, and to the feds, uh... but, uh, they turned her away. She thought they would put her in witness protection. Well, she doesn't want to die. And i don't want to go to jail. So this is our dilemma. How can i convince you? I want a guarantee. I have to know that she's not going to testify, And the only way i can know this for sure is, uh... let me tell you how we do this in colombia, eh? Faking surveillance video has come a long way. It used to be you'd spend days Slaving over a vhs tape with a razor blade. Now it's a few hours and a computer. Disantos: i don't want to go to jail. Testify? I want witness protection. I want a guarantee. Do you really think you can hide me? I've heard legit recordings a hell of a lot worse. Add car noise, it'll sound like A surveillance van across the street. Have you talked to the feds yet? Hmm. Yeah. They're all over it. And they're still asking About your little, um, developing-Nations escapade. But when they think i'm gonna give them something good, They buy me lunch. Anyway, he was looking for someone he used to know, Like an old spy buddy. I mean, between you and me, i think he's lonely. I couldn't get much more out of him, But i think he's about a six-Pack away from talking, So if you guys could spring for a little - We're not buying you beer, sam. You want to catch him or not? Oh. Got a present for you. That sure doesn't look like what we asked for. Where's the list of westen's known associates? How about the inventory of what he's got in that apartment? No, no, that's much better - Alvaro disantos. Good stuff. Is he involved with westen? Mnh. No, that's just something i picked up poking around. Kind of a side project. What the hell you want us to do with it? Only what you boys are legally bound to, Which is take it from me, log it, and pass it upstairs. It's got to be worth a couple thou in reward money, right? Man, i'm just about ready for dessert. I suppose i should thank you for not blowing out my tires again. Gellman, you're a better guy than i thought. I bet you got your daughter that pony after all. What the hell are you talking about? Thank you - Talking your client into flipping on the big boys. Assault charge gets kicked, my witness is off the hook - Win-Win. I get it. You don't discuss client business. Just know i appreciate it. I really do. That's for trying to kill me. Sam: he go for it, mike? Yeah, he's gonna be on the phone With whatever fbi contacts he's got Before his tire goes flat. My guess is, he'll have the tape by lunch. We'll see how the big boys in colombia like that. Michael: a drug cartel is a business. If killing a witness To protect a valued employee from jail time Is the best way to keep making money, they'll do that. If it looks like That employee is testifying to the fbi, though, They're just as happy to leave the witness alone And take care of the problem another way. I hear you're thinking about taking a trip, Going out of town. What? Who told you that? I got some friends with the fbi. Fbi? What the - No! It's not true! Don't! Shame to let them have all the fun. I'm just glad it's done. Do i get to have my key now? Micheal? Your mother? She's nice. I went by your house, and fiona told me you were here. I hope that's okay. No, it's fine. Well, we just wanted to say thank you... ...in person. Also, i could pay you - You know, when i get my check. Don't worry - Oleg has been more than generous. But - No, seriously. Sophie: cool car. We'll see if it works. Hey, what do you know? Your mom said this was your dad's car. Sounds like he was a pretty cool guy. Not really. I left home for a reason. Well, i'm glad that i didn't have to. "Beloved" is a bit of a stretch. Thanks for the car, dad. I think you'd like how it looks. We meet here? You wanted someplace safe. It's quiet, lots of cover. Two guys in business suits don't raise any eyebrows. You should have more meetings outside, thabet. Get some color. You were always good, michael. It's a shame you're out. I'm gonna get back in. I've enjoyed our friendship, but... but don't call you ever again. I got it. Michael. Be careful. An alphanumeric tracking code And a special-Access program code name.