You're blacklisted. When you're burned, you've got nothing. No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in. - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you. - A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend... - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI... You know spies... A bunch of bitchy little girls. Family, too... Is that your mom again? If you're desperate. Someone needs your help. Bottom line... Until you figure out who burned you, you're not going anywhere. Spies make great neighbours. They're polite, they keep the lawn trimmed,</i> and they never crank the music at night.</i> They don't stand out because they don't want to be found.</i> So if you're hunting for a covert operative,</i> and all you've got to go on are the names of a few dozen suspects,</i> you're out of luck unless you know where to look.</i> That's Bill Johnson's house. Yeah, that gets funnier every time. So, Mike, this is, what, the 10th Bill we've looked at? I need a break, man. You made me buy you a beer after Bill number 8. So I'll buy you another round if you do the honours. Okay. Deal. Come on! Okay, that's two rounds, Mike. The garbage someone leaves on the curb</i> can often tell you more than a face-to-face conversation.</i> - Not a lot of junk mail. - Well, that fits. I had a hard time tracking this particular Bill down. Keeps himself out of the system pretty good. And he buys a lot of prunes. Shredded documents in the trash used to be a strong indicator that someone had a secret.</i> But nowadays, everybody and their mother shreds bills to prevent identity theft.</i> Okay. The guys lives with his mother. I ruined my khakis for nothing? I think we found Carla's sniper. Laundry bluing is a synthetic dye that dry cleaners use by the thimble</i> and covert operatives go through by the bottle.</i> It blots out secrets and works like a poor man's dye pack,</i> staining anyone who digs through your trash.</i> Wow, the guy's pretty paranoid. They must be using him for something big. Figure out what, I may get some leverage against Carla. I need to know everything there is to know about this Bill. I'm on it, buddy. Excuse me. Back of the line, pal. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you're dead. Okay, you're wrong. Just don't tell my ex-wife. Aren't you gonna invite me inside? Yeah, of course, yeah. Just hold that for a sec. Watch yourself because of the... Michael, you think I would hurt you? That hurts me. Now, I always pat down guys who just show up who used to be dead. Fine, fine. If you're gonna frisk me, frisk me, though that sweep on my inner right thigh was pretty half-assed. - What the hell are you doing here? - Well, I missed working with you, man. Since I retired, I've been working freelance stuff. I've got more work than I can handle. I just got a gig here in Miami. I thought maybe you might be interested. You want me for a job? Yes. I want to pay you a lot of money to kill a lady. Subbers in Black presents... Transcript : www.YYeTs.net Synchro : Salomon www.subbers-in-black.com Still a yogurt man, I see. Well, I guess some things haven't changed. - And some things have. - Yeah. I heard you got burned. That's all, Larry? You just heard? You sure about that? What? You think maybe I had something to do with it? I know you're angry, Mike, but you got to know who your friends are. It wasn't old Lar who used you up and spit you out. It was the government. It's a little more complicated. Oh, please. Come on. You went off the reservation, kid... unauthorized kills, selling secrets. I read the Michael Westen dossier that's floating around out there. You know what I thought? I thought, "finally. "Finally, he wakes up. Finally, the kid gets it." They put us out there, they tell us the end justifies the means, and sooner or later, you believe them. "I'm a weapon, baby. I don't need some government aiming me. "I put people down. I put some cash in my pocket. So what?" I'm behind you on this, Michael. Believe that. Murder for hire... civilians. Don't pretend you're some kind of boy scout, Michael. I know better. I don't know about this thing. It's a slippery slope. Well, slippery slopes can be kind of fun, like water slides. Just hear me out, okay? Jeannie Anderson... she is our "dead-ee." That's my term. It's trademarked. She looks dangerous. Some people live, some people die, kid. Jeannie is a cancer nurse. She married one of her rich patients. He got better. Then he got sick again. Now he's in a coma. But she is gonna die first. So, who doesn't want her to have his money? I can't tell you that. All my deals are anonymous. Everything is e-mail. There's no mess that way. Yeah, except for the killing. What... You need my help, Lar? Is that it? I don't need help killing someone. If I wanted this lady dead, she would be dead. Now, the whole idea here is that you will do this one solo, and that way, you can re-establish some kind of a trust with me. And if everything works out, well, maybe we can work together again... Make some money. Come on. It's not like you couldn't use a little cash to buy some of the luxuries in life like, hey, furniture, more protein. This one pays 20 grand. Work long enough in covert ops, and you're bound to be offered some pretty nasty assignments.</i> When a bad job comes along, you have two choices,</i> and neither is very appealing. You can pass and watch the op go down</i> or you can take the job and make sure the op gets blown.</i> Make it $30,000. Deal. Go get 'em, killer. Oh, and, Michael, I'm gonna tell you what I tell all my clients. Keep your nose clean. If a cop comes within a mile of this... I kill everybody. And you know me. I mean... everybody. I want you to meet my brilliant, adorable, paramedic boyfriend, Campbell. It's great to meet you, man. Fiona tells me you're a soil scientist. Yes. Yes, I love my dirt. I'm sorry I called so early. If this is a bad time... You didn't wake us. We were already up. Would you mind excusing us just for a minute? I have to talk with Fiona about something. it's personal... a family thing. Yeah. No problem, no problem. I'll just go order us up some breakfast. I don't know about you, but I am starving. I know you got to be starving, too. you want some eggs? Over easy? Oh, don't you just love him? - I've been hired to kill a woman. - You're changing subject. Yes, but I'm serious. I don't know who wants her dead. I have to find out, and I need your help. Fine. You owe me. How do you know this guy who hired you? We worked together in the Balkans... '91, '92. It was a crazy time. He seemed somewhat sane in comparison. And now he kills for a living. Yeah, he made some poor choices before his death. 15 people watched Larry walk into an oil refinery right before it blew up. Apparently, it was his way of taking early retirement. Okay, that's Jeannie. Larry says she splits her time between the hospital and the museum. They're having a charity event here. Doesn't exactly sound like the kind of woman anyone should want dead. - Who's bankrolling this? - Well, that's what we need to find out. Then we blackmail them, make them pay Larry to walk away. Jeannie lives. I need to speak with Jeannie alone, preferably someplace quiet. Well, I can put you in the same room as her, but I'm not telling her she's been marked for death. That's your job. Fair enough, but then you keep watch on her afterwards. Are you trying to keep me away from Campbell? Who? What you're doing with this event, it's extraordinary. Oh, I don't know. This charity stuff's new to me. I spend so much time at the hospital. You need an outlet, you know? Would you give me your e-mail? I really want to get involved. Oh, absolutely. We could... Oh, my god. I'm so sorry. No, don't worry about it. Excuse me just one second. Jeannie? Listen to me. I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm not going to hurt you, okay? I am a friend. I am a friend, all right? I can't have somebody coming in here because you're screaming, so I need you to keep quiet and listen to me. Do you understand? I'm gonna take my hand off your mouth, okay? Don't scream. Who are you? I'm Michael. I'm here because someone was hired to kill you. Who? Me. Okay, okay, but I'm not going to. All right? I'm on your side. I don't do that, you understand? I'm gonna take my hand off your mouth again. Who hired you? I don't know. They stayed anonymous. I thought you might have some idea. Usually, with a job like this... ... there's not a lot of suspects. - Who wants you dead? - Oh, god. I don't know. - Drew. - Who's Drew? He's my husband's son from his first marriage. Oh, I can't believe this. He was very, very angry when I got written into the will. He thinks I'm some kind of gold digger. Where is Drew now? He might be at the house. He moved in when Robert got sick. What if I just give him the money? I don't care. No. You can't tell Drew that you know. He might kill you himself. But what happens when I go to the cops? I have to go to the cops. No. You can't go to the cops, either. The people who are involved in this, if they find out, we'll all be dead. Trust me. What do you expect me to do? Nothing. I will handle this for you, okay? Now, you met Fiona just now, all right? She is going to be an old friend from out of town. She will stay with you for a couple of days. She'll keep an eye on you and on Drew. You have to trust me. It's gonna be all right. I got some leftovers. I thought maybe... Hi, honey. Oh, my god. Michael, what happened to you? - I'm fine, I'm fine. - No, you're not fine. Look, I'm fine. I just fell down at work, that's all. This, see? This is the thing I cannot deal with, all right? This wall that you put up. Do you have any idea how hard it is to have an... honest exchange with you when you're withholding like this? You reading a book or something? I'm seeing a counselor, Michael, he's pretty sure you're the one who has the problems. So you're actually here, twisting my arm until I go to counseling? That's honest. Besides, we tried counseling. You quit, remember? Well, I want to try again. This new guy says the best place to facilitate a dialogue is in the home. I made an appointment for tomorrow. If you're not gonna do this for me, Michael, then I don't know what to say. Fine. I will be there. Great, then. 1:00. Yeah, I know. I'm late, but I come bearing gifts. That's the military jacket on our favorite Bill Johnson. Buddy of mine pulled it in exchange for some Sam time. Not all my buddies are guys. Your methods, your business, Sam. So, it looks like our buddy Bill had a hell of a career in the Marines. Big-deal sniper, awful busy during Gulf 1, and the fact that Carla put a Dragunov in this guy's hands... Probably wasn't a birthday present. Looks like he was dishonorably discharged. Yeah, right. The guy was a model Marine. He was in for 20 years. I followed him for a little bit. Sublets a room from the lady with the little yappy dog. - So that's his landlady, not his mom. - We got to get a bug in there. You want to go over there now and take a crack at it? Tomorrow. Right now, I got to do a job... - with Larry. - Larry? Dead Larry? Oh, man! I hated that guy. He's back. Okay. I hate him, present tense. He's a bad influence, Mike. Don't tell me you're working with him. No, I'm not working with him. I'm working against him. Well, in that case, can I help? You have a lovely home. That's the problem, isn't it? I mean, all this... Whatever. I just wanted Robert. He was the strongest patient I ever had. That's what got me. Then I had to watch it come back. I just want to be there for him... to the end. You will. How much longer before Drew gets back? 20 minutes? He runs a restaurant that Robert bought him, but he's not much of a worker, so he usually comes home early, showers, and then goes out with friends. Give me a heads-up if you hear him. Okay. This is disgusting. Oh, come on, Fi. It's one garbage can. You're getting off easy. Trust me. Here's something interesting. Drew made made a copy of Jeannie's datebook. At least now we know how Larry got his information. Drew just pulled up! That's my cue, gentlemen. Michael, keep this line open. You owe me a new cellphone. I'm stashing this one. - Drew, is that you? - Yeah, whose Saab is that out front? Oh, I have a girlfriend in from out of town. She's just sleeping up in the guest room. Hustle, Fi. If he catches you and it gets back to Larry, the body count on this will go way up. Hey, hey, Roth. Man, it's Drew. No. I'm straight. That last eight ball did me just fine. I got a problem here. Yeah, about that other thing. I need you to make a few calls. The hit can't go down here. Yeah, she's got some bitch staying with her. If they're planning on getting to her here, you have to find another way. Thanks. I don't want to hurt your feelings, but it sounds like you're not the only person Drew hired to kill Jeannie. You hiding Sam Axe in here? You told him. Been a while. Been a while. And you look... great. You, too, Larry. Very youthful. Still drinking the blood of children? Well, I'm glad you called, kid. Got an e-mail from our client. Seems Jeannie has a houseguest. Yeah, we got bigger problems than that, Larry. It seems Drew has double-booked the job. He put the word out through his coke dealer. No. No. No! Damn it! I'm not gonna get angry. I'm not gonna get angry. Just cool down, all right? I feel a cleansing rash of heart attacks coming on. Larry, there's no need to poison anybody. Yes, there is. My name is in the mix. There's amateurs on this. Gonna be cops all over it. We need to start putting people in the ground. Drew, dead. Jeannie, dead. The houseguest, dead. The coke dealer, anyone you hired, et cetera. That's a lot of bodies. Oh, come on. Are you gonna stand there, you're gonna tell me that you don't have the same impulse? I know how you used to look at people when they betrayed us, when their stupidity disappointed us. Come on! I know that look. And you know how easy this would be? It's not the smart play here. I'll go to Drew. I'll tell him to call off the job. You know how convincing I can be. The cops will never hear your name if Jeannie lives, Larry. Well, I guess the baby bird has got to leave the nest sometime. Your call, kid. But... if being a softy turns around to bite you in the ass, I will be here... to say... "Told you so." That's our Larry. Covert operatives try to avoid assuming other people's identities whenever possible.</i> There's just too many pitfalls when you're dealing</i> with someone your new identity has corresponded with.</i> What have they said? What have they been told?</i> What have they agreed to? Of course, it helps if the person you're deceiving</i> is terrified of the person you're pretending to be.</i> Sorry to interrupt, but I need to borrow this guy. Who are you? I'm Drew's friend. We met on the internet. Facebook buddies. Uh, yeah. Guys, just, uh... Just give us a few minutes. So, uh, so you're... Larry Sizemore. I thought we were never gonna meet. You made it clear in your mails we were never gonna meet. I didn't want to, kid, believe that. But you got sloppy. Sloppy? No, no, no. I followed all of your instructions. No, you didn't. You were one stupid, careless son of a bitch. - Wait. I don't understand. - No kidding. I thought we had a deal, Drew. I would do the job, and you would keep your nose clean. I was. I did. I don't think you actually understand what "Keep your nose clean" means. Because if you did, you wouldn't have told your coke dealer to hire other people to do my job. What's the rule, Drew? No cops. - I didn't think that Roth was gonna... - What's that? You didn't think what? What? You don't think Roth would ever get arrested for selling cocaine? What then, chucklehead? He's gonna flip! "I know a rich boy... he wants his stepmom dead." That's conspiracy. - And then we're all in. - What if we get rid of Roth? No, if I'm killing anybody, I'm killing you. Some people live, and some people die. Which are you gonna be, Drew? There's one way you live. You call off this hit. - How many other people did you hire? - Two. You're going to make two "I'm sorry, but I have to let you go" phone calls right now. I can't. I don't have time. I have to get ahold of Roth. - Look, give me till 5:00. - I'm coming back at 4:00. And when I come back, I want good news or you're my next dead-ee. And that's why I like to say that trust is a bridge, and... it needs a strong foundation. And you can't build a bridge out of pain and fear, can you? Can you, Michael? No, because that would make it... structurally unsound. I'm detecting a lot of negativity in this room. You see what I'm dealing with here. - Now, that's not helpful, either. - Not helpful. You both have to commit to this work. You owe it to each other. And I would like to remind you of that. So... there's something I want both of you to do for our next session. Are you giving us homework? I prefer to call it "lifework." In fact, that's the title of the book I'm writing. I would like each of you to make a list... five things you're grateful to the other person for. I think that's a great idea. Mom, do you still have dad's old gas-company jacket? Probably not. I threw away most of his work stuff. - What do you need it for? - I just do. Michael, you're supposed to be honest with me. What happened to the bridge? Fine. I need to get a shut-in and her yappy dog out of her house. I was gonna tell her she had a gas leak. What about this exterminator uniform? Tell her you're spraying her yard with some toxic material, and now her poor little puppy is gravely ill and has to go to the vet. Yeah, you just send the bill to that address there, we'll pay for the visit. - I don't understand how it could happen - Yeah, neither do I. It was a total accident, but I had to own up. Now, this stuff is toxic, this spill, and from what I hear of pets, the little pads on the feet... it just sucks it up like a straw. And you don't want your little loved one here to be paws up next to the water bowl, so... - Paco? - Yeah. Maybe you want to also have yourself checked out. The vet will take good care of both of you. You're a wizard, Mikey. I don't know where you come up with this stuff. Look what our friend was hiding in the wall. I guess Carla talks to her sniper the same way she talks to you. She needs to freshen it up a little bit, try the jumble for a change. Hey, Lar, not a good time. What do you need? Just checking in. How are things? Things are good. You don't need to be checking in. It's under control. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just listen. I want to repitch my idea, and in case you don't remember, the outline is, "Let's kill everyone." No need for that. Not necessary. I'm heading over to Drew's now, and he's handing out pink slips as we speak. It's under control. I hope so, kid. I really do. Just checking in? He's got a weird thing for you. 'cause he doesn't have any friends. Because he's killed most of them, Mike. When a pro plans an ambush, they capitalize on the element of surprise.</i> They attack aggressively so their opponent has to react from a place of weakness.</i> An amateur, on the other hand, is more likely to take a defensive posture,</i> which means they are the one acting from a place of weakness.</i> Hey, buddy, what are you doing back there? I'm... I'm sorry, man. What are you doing with a gun? You said that you were gonna kill me if I didn't call off the hit. - You didn't call off the hit? - I tried. I tried to call off the hit. but I got through to one guy, and then I couldn't get through and then the other guy... But I know he's gonna be killing her. - Today? - Yeah, I think it's happening now. Now? What do you mean right now? I called this one guy about Jeannie. He said it was gonna take him two days to get it put together. he told me he's gonna get a dump truck, and he was gonna hit her when she was coming home. You're gonna call her right now. you will call Jeannie, and you warn her! I already tried! It didn't go through! The guy put in a cell jammer in her car to block all of her calls. It's too late. Okay, your name's not involved. The cops aren't involved either. I promise it's just gonna look like an accident. No cops? Who do you think investigates fatal car crashes? Please. Please. You can't. No, I could. You know how easy you're making this for me, Drew? Okay. I could run. Just let me run. Please let me run. Please. Please let me run. Run. Cellphone jammers emit radio waves at the same frequency as commercial cellphones.</i> They're useful when you really want to make sure</i> someone stays out of touch. The caller you are trying to reach is unavailable.</i> It doesn't matter if you're trying to take out a moped or a dump truck.</i> Every vehicle has three areas of vulnerability...</i> the driver, the engine, and the tires.</i> A can of paint across the windshield could blind the driver.</i> A 50-millimeter cannon could kill the engine.</i> But neither will guarantee the truck won't swerve into oncoming traffic.</i> But if you force a vehicle's front tires off the road,</i> you drastically diminish its maneuverability.</i> That way, it can't swerve. Of course, getting a dump truck's tires off the ground</i> is even more difficult than it sounds and a hell of a lot more dangerous.</i> That's right! Come here you son of a bitch! I took care of it. You're in the clear. Drew is on the run, and there aren't any homicide detectives looking for a guy named Larry. You know the last guy who cost me a bunch of money didn't tell me about it with a smile on his face. Lar, you're looking at it all wrong. I didn't cost you a bunch of money. I saved you a lot of hassle. This way, you're not gonna have to kill four or five people. - Four or five people... What's that? - Well, that is something. If you say so, Michael. But a dump truck. Wow. I wish I'd seen that. I mean, I got to tell you, kid, I'm a fan. Well, you were always very supportive. Thanks. Who knows? Maybe we'll get another chance to work together again some day. Yeah, maybe not. Could've been great. I got to go. Got another gig. Got to shuffle off to Buffalo. - See you around, kid. - I'll see you, Larry. Listen to this, Mike. Your sniper just made a call. Saturday. I'll be there at 1500. When are you going to give me the name of the target?</i> And this is it, right... No more games? I get my pension back?</i> This sounds like another play from Carla's "Do what we say or we'll ruin your life" playbook. At least she's consistent. Sounds like Bill Johnson's got a date. I guess I do, too. Drew, for your sake, I hope you're calling me from someplace far. Yeah, yeah. I'm really sorry, man. I tried. I tried. I did. I tried to go away. I swear. But this guy showed up. He just showed up and told me that the job was on. I tried to tell him... Drew, slow down. Slow down. Okay. All right. This guy... He knew I wanted Jeannie killed. I tried to tell him the job was off. He said it's still on. - He told me I have to pay, otherwise... - Guy? What guy? He's tall. He's an older guy. He said his name's Michael Westen. We're adding four more, but there could be a possibility of six or eight. I'm not really... Excuse me a moment. But you said it was over. We had one slip through the cracks. - Who? - It's complicated. I have to admit that it's pretty exhausting. I know, but at least we know who's coming this time. You still have that charity lunch today. You're gonna go to it. Fi will explain what you have to do. It'll be a little out of your comfort zone, but we'll keep you safe, okay? Okay. Hey, Mike, come on. You want to lock this? That sociopath is still out there. Larry won't come after me. He thinks we're brothers in arms or something. I don't know, man. He used your name. I think you pissed him off. No, that was just his way of saying, "Hands off my operation. Sit this one out." Hey, you were right about how Larry's coming after Jeannie. Drugstore across the street from his hotel had a little fire last night. Enough to mask him swiping something nasty, I'm sure. - He always did like his poisons. - Yeah. Any guesses on when or where he's gonna make his next move? Drew was told to have his money ready by 1:00. The poison plus the time... Larry's going to Jeannie's lunch. After she's dead, Drew brings Larry the money, and that's when you're gonna... Look, you want me to do it? No. It should be me. - "No teeth were left to ident..." - Yeah, yeah. Michael Westen's a real dangerous man. I don't need you to read me his file. We go way back. - So this is gonna work out? - Oh, sure. Just not for you, 'cause when you pay him, you're dead. - Why would he kill me? - You've seen his face. Wait. Well, then, I'll run. You should run, but you should make damn sure Michael Westen is dead before you do that. - How? - By serving him up for me. You're paying him today, right? I just need to know where. He said he was gonna direct me to the hand-off once the job's done. He said, "Just be in your car with the money in the gables, ready to go." He's doing it walking distance from the hit. Oh, that is nice. Okay. This is what we're gonna do. You will go where he says, you will give him your cash, and you'll hit the deck when the bullets start flying. Once Michael's dead, then you can run. And Drew,... if you ever come back, I will find you. - I won't. - Good. Good. Because you've seen my face, and I don't like you. Well, aside from a few really hideous dresses, there's not much to be scared of in here yet. He's got to be around there somewhere, Fi. He's tall, dyes his hair, face like a ferret. Where did the man in black come from? - Wait a minute. You've got him? - He's good. He came out of nowhere. Good-looking, too. Yeah, he's all right, I guess. He's no Campbell, though. Who is? He's the only boyfriend I've ever had who comes with his ambulance.</i> Larry just sprayed Jeannie's fork with something. Wait. That's probably atropine. You might want to tell Jeannie she's about to have a heart attack. Lunchtime. Got to go. Don't be a hero here, all right? You got a problem, you let me know. Geez. You a soil scientist, too? Oh, yeah. Big time. Take a couple of bites. Excuse yourself to the bathroom. I'll follow and discover your body and call 911. Bon appétit. Excuse me. Oh, my god! Jeannie! Staging a fake death in a believable emergency response</i> is almost impossible on a budget. One lone ambulance isn't going to sell it.</i> So unless you happen to have a fleet of fire-and-rescue vehicles,</i> uniforms, and a dozen actors you trust, you really do have to call 911. You just have to have called your people first.</i> All right, Jeannie! Hold on! How did you guys get here so fast? We're losing her! You were fantastic. Why do you seem to be so relaxed? Never again. Hey, Jeannie, how you doing? - Well, I'm alive. - That's good, right? - Where to, Sam? - Anywhere you want, buddy. Hang on. All right. I'm pulling in. I don't see you.</i> That's the point, but I see you. Now hang up, get out of the car, leave the money in the trunk, and make him come to it. Spend a career in covert ops, and you're going to know some bad people. You'll work with them, live with them, you might even trust your life to them.</i> But none of that makes them your friend. It can't.</i> Because one day, you might have to end them. Over here, kid. Jesus, kid, put your hands down. How you want to do this? You give me the money. Then I have the money. - It's in the trunk. - Good. Go get it. And pick up the pace. I'm in a hurry. I just killed a lady in there. No, no, no, no, Drew. Make him come out in the open. What are you doing? Don't you want the money? Who are you looking for? Oh, you brought a friend. Do you think he'll shoot you? 'Cause I would shoot you. Yeah, Larry? Not bad for an old man, huh? Two Andersons, one day. Or was it just one? You got what you wanted. Leave it alone. She is alive. That is beautiful, beautiful. You know, kid, that's really good work. Really, really good work. Time for you to shuffle off to Buffalo, Lar. Shuffle off to Buffalo and never come back. Nice, nice. Cops will be all after me, won't they? I better get going. But I got just one thing to say. You knew that kid was dead anyway. Why didn't you take the shot? I didn't have it. No. That's not it. Let's face it. You couldn't bring yourself to shoot your old friend. Hey, kid... some people live. Some people die. See you around. And the last thing I'm grateful for, mum, is that you gave me your great eyesight. I can't tell you how many times I've been working, - and I just... - Jesus, Michael. Vision? Are you serious? You couldn't come up with five real things? I did. I did. He doesn't even think I ever did five things for him... in his life. I was a terrible mother. No wonder you ran away. - You ran away? - No, I didn't. I joined the military when I was 17. My dad signed a form. He couldn't wait to get me out of the house. I signed the form. I forged his name. He would never let you go to the military, Michael. Why didn't you tell me? Because I didn't want to take away the one thing that you were grateful to your father for. I would have if I'd known my list was so short. You forged dad's name? Why? Because I knew if you didn't leave, you'd end up in jail... Or worse. There's always been a part of you, Michael. Maybe it's from your father. I don't know. You could have turned out different. I let you go because you needed to focus on something good. This is what I've been talking about. You've crossed the bridge. - Oh, get out of my house! - Get out of the house! Mom... ... thank you. 1500. This has got to be the place. Wow, he looks grumpier than you do when you're going to meet with Carla. Well, she hasn't had me kill anyone yet. Black-bag missions are often broken into separate parts.</i> Operatives are given discreet tasks to ensure secrecy.</i> Sam, the badge. They're like jigsaw pieces, and you never know if any of the ones you're given</i> are from the same puzzle. But if you can get your hands on a corner piece,</i> the part where the puzzle starts to take shape...</i> ... sometimes you realize all your pieces fit together.</i> It's the same one Carla had me forge. Damn, Mike... the badge, the rifle. Carla's turned you into this sniper's personal shopper. Everything I've done has been