You're blacklisted.</i> When you're burned, you've got nothing...</i> no cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI...</i> You know spies, a bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too</i> - Is that your mom again? - if you're desperate. - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... as long as you're burned,</i> you're not going anywhere. In the intelligence community, an invitation to meet at a hotel pool is an olive branch.</i> The person you're meeting is offering you multiple escape routes,</i> a crowd to mix in with, and the virtual certainty that nobody is concealing</i> a weapon in their bathing suit. But if you're meeting the kind of guy who arranges</i> coup d'etats for a living, it's still a good idea to bring backup.</i> Champagne? Why don't we ever come to these places for anything other than surveillance? I'm not seeing anyone who's obviously here for a meeting. I don't know why you're willing to meet Gilroy. He sounds as bad as the people who burned you. He's worse. As far as I know, they weren't selling nuclear secrets to anyone who can write a check. If the price is right, Gilroy will put anything on the table. Which makes this little <i>rendez-vous</i> not a very good idea, in my opinion. If he's in Miami, he's planning something big. - I need to find out what. - Gilroy already killed your CIA contact. That's exactly the point, Fi. This man is a freelance psychopath. And I'm the only one in a position who can do anything about it. Keep an eye out. Western. They say eyes are the windows to the soul, but I think hands... tell you so much more. And you... You have a workingman's hands. I've never been afraid to get them dirty. I've heard. The company man gone bad. I have to say, I find you quite fascinating. - I bet you say that to all the girls. - Only the ones I like. - I'm flattered. - You should be. Most people bore me, especially Americans. Always some structure to report to, some memo to file. Everything in its proper box. For all your talk of rugged individualism, in my experience, this is a nation of sheep, present company excepted, of course. Of course. And you? How do you like to operate? I see opportunities, and I take them. It's much simpler, much more fun. Sounds like we're a lot alike. An associate once told me that. Tom Strickler. You know him, don't you? That's right. You shot him. I'm curious. What led to the actual... I did the work. He banked the cash. I just figured I'd eliminate the middleman. Eliminate him you did. Unfortunately, it made a certain CIA agent take an interest in Strickler's business. And since I was Strickler's business... You arranged to have him fall out of a fourth-story window. It wasn't lost on me that you showed up at the scene. Why was that? He wasn't just your problem. I was Strickler's business, too. We have a lot in common. Why don't we work together? Tempting. But you were quite the boy scout once. And the project I'm working on is definitely not for boy scouts. I've been there and done that, and I see where it gets you. That's why I live by a new code. 50% up front. I'm not sure I'm ready for that yet. I'm still getting to know you, getting to know all about you... And your little girlfriend up there. Champagne's on me. What's going on here? I'm moving. - You found a place. - Sorta. I'm staying with Miss Reynolds and her mom. Isn't she a little angry about... The "car getting wrecked" thing? Yeah, sure, but, sometimes a loss can bring people together. Anyway, I wish your mom would let me keep some of this crap. It's gonna have to go into storage. I was thinking you might want some of this stuff. Look at that. That would go great at your place. Or not. How'd your meeting go? Gilroy won't deal with me until he's convinced I'm his guy. You got a whole burn notice file that says you are. He's careful. He's checking me out. He'll look into the burn file, keep an eye on me. I have to make sure he likes what he sees. Playing the rogue operative after everything you've done to clear your name... Are you sure? I'm already out. And if this is what I have to do to get in with Gilroy, I don't have much choice. You got a visitor. Says he's an old friend of yours. Mack. Hey, man. Been a long time. That's okay. I deserved that. Easy. Sam. That one, too, I suppose. All right, look... I know you and I have had problems, but I need your help. Can I buy you a beer? Please. I'm not in a drinking mood. Who is this guy? We served together during my SEAL days. - You don't look excited to see him. - We had a bit of a falling-out. Anything you want to talk about? I'm sorry, Mike. I... Maybe I'll just let him buy me that beer. I'll be all right. You ever talk to any of the boys from the old unit? The SEALs have come a long way. Skip the small talk. Why are you here? All right. Here's the deal. After the Navy, I took a job at the Houston PD. I work child-abduction cases. Most of the time, it's the same old thing. Some mixed-up relative snatches a kid 'cause of some stupid argument. Every once in a while, you get a true predator. And this one's the worst I ever seen. His name's Rincon. I built a whole case against him, enough to put him away for 3 lifetimes. We went to the house to get him, busted down the door, and the whole goddamn place exploded. I lost a couple of my best men that day. Sorry. There was a report on the incident. That I hadn't supervised the assault team properly. But that wasn't true. They still suspended me. - What happened to him? - They found some remains in the house. Nothing conclusive. And the brass couldn't admit that the bad guy walked away, so they closed the case. - And you think he's still alive? - I know he is. Rincon knew he was going down, so he faked his death, and I traced the son of a bitch to Miami. You catch this guy, you clear your name. Is that the idea? If I go down, all my other cases go up in smoke, and a lot of bad guys could walk. Sorry. Shouldn't have asked. You figure this is a two-man job? Could use a third man if you know anyone. I do, but I wouldn't call her "the third man" to her face. Thank you. - About our dustup... - Let's not get into it. We do this, you go home. - That's it. - You got it. - What can I do for you? - You all right? That was some cheap shot. He deserved a lot more than that, believe me. What happened with you two? Nothing that concerns you. It does concern me because I've never seen you like this before. And now you're doing some job with him. How do you know you can trust him? My issues with him are not professional, they are personal, which is why I would prefer if you'd just stay out of it. So, how do you know Rincon's gonna show up here? Rincon was importing drugs from Mexico, and I've been keeping track of his old contacts. I intercepted a call, and the word is he's doing a meeting here today. So, you can't take that to the DA? They're smart enough not to use the guy's name. Plus the phone tap wasn't exactly legal. Our guest has arrived. Somehow he looks even more like a child predator</i> and cop killer than he did in the picture.</i> All right. You sit tight. We can't spook this guy. Neighborhood watch is just a nice idea in most suburbs.</i> But where you really see it in action is the inner city.</i> Only there, it doesn't protect against crime.</i> It protects against cops. Just like cops have drug-detecting dogs,</i> some neighborhoods have cop-detecting kids.</i> Once the alarm goes out, criminal activity shuts down like a picnic when it rains.</i> And any fugitives run like jackrabbits.</i> Chicle? Policia? - They think we're police. - This is bad. If Rincon thinks the cops know he's here, he's gone. Then we'll just have to show everyone that we're not cops. What are you looking at? Want to hurry up, sister? You want to stop distracting me? - So, you stole this car? - What did you want us to do? We had to prove to them that we weren't cops. You saw the place. It's a no-fly zone for gringos. I know you're a little preoccupied with this whole Gilroy business. He's going to be a handful. I think if Michael has time for Gilroy, then he has time for a child predator. Okay, what's the problem? We didn't exactly blend in to the neighborhood where Rincon's hiding. The second we made our move, the locals sounded the cop alarm, and he ran. Once you get off the side streets... You set one foot on the main boulevard, it's like having a spotlight on you. Any chance that Rincon will pop up again? No, this is our only chance. - This is over unless... - He's probably still in the area. If we can't go looking for him... Someone in the neighborhood will have to look for us, someone with an ear to the ground, someone Rincon won't see coming. Mike's right. The local gang will know the neighborhood better than anyone. Someone at the top was smart enough to set up a network of eyes and ears. - He'll be able to find Rincon. - Wait, you saying that we're gonna get the local gang leader to help? You got a better idea? So, a buddy of mine pulled some police files on this area. Local gang leader's name is Omar Hernandez. His crew controls this neighborhood. He started out doing the normal gangbanger stuff. Boosting cars, running guns. What's his business now? Must be dealing drugs. He got guys looking out for the police. He's dealing drugs, but not the normal kind. We got aspirin, cold medicine, throw in some baby formula, too. Omar's the lead suspect in a bunch of chain-store-warehouse break-ins. See, the bodegas are fencing the stuff. Got ourselves a regular Robin Hood. He knows how to take care of business. Omar's last arrest was for beating the bejesus out of some guy who was smacking his girlfriend around. What, you defending this guy? You think this neighborhood gets a lot of protection from the cops? The guy's a thug. He won't find Rincon for us easily. I'll have to be extra convincing. In an army, a chain of command gets activated by unusual events. Tanks amassing on a border, a hacking attack on a central computer, assassinations of key personnel. A street gang's chain of command is no different. Showing up in a stolen car and making a splashy entrance will get a message sent up the ladder. I'm looking for Omar. We've been looking for that car. You found it. Sorry. We don't know no Omar. I'll be waiting for Omar in there. Here comes the king of the barrio. Nice suit. What are you, the devil? Call me whatever you like, but my name is Louis. Let's beat his ass, Omar. What is it you want, Louis? A man named Rincon is hiding in your neighborhood. You're going to find him. Why would I do that? Because his business is hurting children and your business is protecting them. You seem to know a lot about me. I don't know nothing about you. You know all you need to know. You got a funny way of talking. You use words but don't say nothing.</i> I say what I mean. Let me say what I mean. Yeah, I protect my people. I provide for them. If it wasn't for me and my crew, gangbangers one block over would be doing drive-bys in the street, and little babies would be going hungry. I don't got time to play with no devil or whatever you think you are. The devil wants Rincon's soul. I just want the man. The faster you give him to me, the faster I go away. Or what? Or this. He's gone! Is that the bad guy? It's more like the guy who's supposed to go looking for the bad guy. Put a tracker and a bug in his car. How come you're not out with Sam? Your boy and Sam got a peculiar way of doing things. Sam thought it would be best if I kept a watch on things from here. What happened with you two? With all due respect, ma'am, that's really none of your business. Well, I'm making it my business. He's my son's best friend. And come to think about it, he's mine, too. The point is, I'm worried about him. He's not himself. With the drinking... No, Sam's always liked his beer. He's not drinking, is what I'm saying. Here it is. You know he was married. You screwed around with his wife. It wasn't that simple. It never is. What do we have? Omar's been talking a lot about some crazy who wants him to find Rincon, but he hasn't made a move yet. Who's Mr. Personality there? That's Felipe Vega. - They work together? - No, Vega runs a bigger gang, Northside 13. They've been inching in on Omar's neighborhood. He's careful. Yeah, and ruthless. His crew's been busy collecting scalps, mostly rival gangbangers, it looks like. I like your neighborhood. It's nice and clean. Everybody seems so happy. - Is that a new car? - It's new enough. Don't try to play me, Omar. I know you're doing all right. Pretty busy inside there. You got my shipment? Everything I have, I got people counting on it. I told you I was gonna be by every week. And I told you I don't got it. - <i>You can keep what you took last week.</i> - <i>What I took?</i> It sounds like I stole something. Let's get something straight. That was payment for protection. You never know who come in here and start trouble for you. See what I mean? Me and you got a beef? You'll get your shipment. Just get out of here. Get out of here? You're pushing it, Omar. Now, you pack my stuff up in the van. The good stuff, the prescription stuff. My boys will pick it up at your warehouse over on 26th. And, Omar... Don't try and burn me again. Looks like he's got bigger problems than you. Guess I'll have to become a bigger problem, then. - What are you thinking? - If that van Vega wants goes missing, Omar will have to deal with whoever took it. And that's you. Okay, I guess we'll have to get over to Omar's warehouse. Because warehouses store bulk items and not people, they're usually built</i> cheaply. Most of the time, the roofs</i> are just plywood and asphalt tiles. Attach a hole-saw bit to a silenced drill, and you can bore</i> through the roof without attracting attention.</i> If you want a bigger opening, a few ounces of C-4 on the brackets holding the door in place will do the trick.</i> All set, Mike. You'll be able to stroll right in. We got a visitor. It's Gilroy in a Maserati up the block. What is he doing here? Getting to know me. I guess I'll have to put on a good show. Dominance in the battlefield isn't always</i> about the use of a lethal force. Sometimes it's more effective to leave a few targets around to spread the word.</i> Rubber-composite bullets fired from a suppressed rifle</i> won't kill your enemy. But it will make them think twice about staying in the fight.</i> What do you want? - I'm here for the van. - What van? That one. Selling yourself to an adversary is a bit like getting drafted on a sports team. You may look good on paper, but, eventually, they'll want to see you on the field. Why the hell are you following me? Just curious about where that van of yours is headed. I told you, I have to get to know you. You can do that without compromising - my operations. - I had to see you in action. And I have to say, you've lived up to your reputation. Such panache. I love the suit. Who are you wearing? You're awfully confident I won't shoot you right here. Don't be. I'm just not that afraid of rubber bullets. You were awfully gentle with those chaps at the warehouse. I was as gentle as I had to be. I can't have a homicide detective poking around. Fair enough. Is that why you were following me? To compliment me on my suit and ask me stupid questions? I came to see if you're the person I'd like to work with, and it appears that you are. I'm glad you like what you saw. I have a little project that may interest you. I'll be in touch. By the way, - who is the van for? - I don't kiss and tell. Good to know. Jesus, I've been calling you. I threw my phone away. I think Gilroy used my phone to triangulate my position. He's good. I got that phone two days ago. What did he want? To see if I was the same kind of monster he is. Apparently, I am. No, you're not. But if you fake it long enough... You don't have to worry about me. Look, I know you want to stop whatever he's planning, but can't we just shoot him and get on with our lives? Gilroy does work for hire. He's the tip of a very nasty iceberg. It doesn't end with him. - <i>Is Mikey there?</i> - He's here. He was looking for you, too. I've been monitoring the fallout from your warehouse stunt.</i> Omar's pretty freaked about his missing van.</i> I guess it's time to see if he's ready to help us find Rincon. He's at the botanica on 17th. Omar. I want the van! Now! Where is it? I can tell you where it will be. In your driveway when you give me Rincon. I'm not afraid of you, man. You may have some fancy little tricks, but you're still flesh and blood. And believe me, I know how to make you bleed. You touch me, and your whole world comes apart. I'm not talking about your car. Your house on East 18th Street, your stores on River Drive, you. There won't be a place on this Earth that you can hide. You give me Rincon, and I'll disappear. I need a few hours. You're not packing my ice babies, are you? No, Maddy. Those are staying behind. Good, 'cause you destroyed half my winter wonderland collection when you blew my house. Come on, I thought we were past that. We are. I was just pulling your chain. The truth is, I was thinking about replacing them anyway, so it really didn't matter what you did with them. I mean, seriously, why would I hold this against you? You talked to Mack? Your marriage had been over for years before he ever said a word to your wife. There's a code, Madeline. You don't sit in another man's canoe, period. We're not talking about a boat, Sam. And I'm not talking about some creepy ice-skating figurine, either. You let her go. Was she supposed to be miserable the rest of her life? He took very good care of her. And I told you to stay out of it. You want to be like that? Fine. You still owe me an ice-skating snowman. The best defense isn't always a show of force.</i> Keep an adversary in the dark about what you're capable of,</i> and he has to assume the worst. Jesus! Man! We looked for your guy. You found Rincon. I found him. You know how protected he is? You had three hours to give me Rincon, not give me excuses. You thought you were so smart, right? Stealing that van that Vega wanted? Guess what. That's who's protecting Rincon. They're business partners. Rincon's been supplying Vega with drugs for years. - He's gonna give up that connection? - Let me worry about that. I got to worry about it. Me and Vega are this close to going to war already. If he founds out, man... Look, I ain't afraid to die, okay? But my people... Vega will go after everybody. If you don't give me what I want, Vega will be the least of your worries. Rincon's hiding in an abandoned housing project on West 15th, unit 402. He's got some of Vega's guys with him. You better hurry. And you better pray Vega doesn't find out! When you're extracting a heavily guarded target,</i> it's important to choose the right entry point.</i> Guards watch windows and doors. So if you come in through the common wall of a neighboring apartment,</i> you've got surprise on your side, not to mention a shower of shattered concrete.</i> - What is it? - It's a little too quiet in there. And a little too quiet out there, too. Of course, surprise doesn't count for much if you're walking into a trap.</i> Looks like Vega decided to crash the party. We got guys coming up the stairs. I hope you brought enough rope, Sam. Traditional rappelling requires holding a rope with both hands,</i> which is inconvenient if you're being shot at.</i> That's why special forces are trained to rappel in unconventional ways.</i> Get down! It was a goddamn setup. - Your boy Omar almost got us killed. - That doesn't make any sense. He hates Vega. Just calm down. The hell I will. Omar sold us out. That's funny, you talking about betrayal. Fight and get it over with or put a sock in it. You're gonna want to hear this. I've been listening to the bug in Omar's car. Vega Tried to kill him, too. God damn it! Get down! Jesus, Omar, you're bleeding! Drive, man! Go! He got clipped in the arm. I hope I screamed less last time. Vega found out Omar was looking for Rincon. He nearly got killed because of us. And Vega's probably not gonna stop until he finishes the job. I can't believe I'm saying this about a gangbanger, but we ought to do something to help Omar. Man, you got some balls coming here. You shouldn't point guns at friends. - Now you my friend? - I can be. Man, we almost got killed because of you! Vega's got guys looking all over for us! He's gonna tear up the whole neighborhood. I should have shot you while I could. You shoot me, you'll still have a problem with Vega. You don't, Vega will have a problem with me. You don't know what you're talking about. Vega and Rincon... They're gonna take Miami apart until they find you. Why don't I save them the trouble? I want you to take me to them. I will finish this for both of us. Man, you crazy. Hear me out. Inside. - Now. - Wait, wait, wait. All right. Just don't do nothing. I give him you. That's not enough? I gotta give him my whole damn neighborhood? Vega has to believe he's won. I don't know about this, man. He's gonna want to meet on my territory, make a big show. You want him to. He just has a few guys with guns on his side. You have a whole neighborhood on yours. And when we get inside? Vega's gonna lock down that place tight. He won't let any of my boys in with us. It's just you and me. If everything goes right, you and me is all we need. I leave with Rincon. You leave with Vega. Are you ready to end this or not? I'm ready. Camouflage is commonly associated with jungle warfare.</i> But the truth is that it's just as important in urban settings.</i> You're bound to draw attention setting up a bulletproof barricade on the sidewalk</i> or toting a concussion charge down the street.</i> But fruit stands reinforced with strips of steel-belted tires</i> and ice-cream carts packed with explosives</i> blend right in. Of course, the ultimate trojan horse is a shackled prisoner.</i> Where have you been hiding these? A paranoid enemy might go so far as frisking a hostage</i> who's wearing handcuffs, but people tend not to check if one of the handcuff links</i> is made of polystyrene... Or if there's a listening device in the pinlock.</i> He's clean. Welcome to my neighborhood, Omar. Now, everyone said the people in your neighborhood were so loyal. I don't see them here. You know, when you started sticking your nose in my business, I figured you were up to something. So I grabbed one of your guys. One hour with my knife, he started spilling everything. That's all you get for loyalty. One hour. - Yeah, I guess you're right. - You disappoint me. Everyone said, "Omar will go down in a blaze of glory!" One little scratch on your arm, and you come crying to me like a bitch to kiss my ring. I think we just had a misunderstanding, that's all. Misunderstanding? I like that. Let's get this misunderstanding cleared up right now. Show me your mystery man! Vamanos. So, we cool? Cool? Cool? You think one freak in a suit is gonna make things even? Let me tell you something. In my kingdom, peace don't come cheap. Today, I'll take your neighborhood. Tomorrow, I'll take your woman. It's a new world, Omar. Get used to it. Get these putos inside. Come on. The rest of you stay out here. If they want some, shoot them. So... Who are you? I asked you a question. Who are you? You'll find out soon enough. Are you a cop? A cop? You're not that lucky. Answers. Tell me, what kind of man comes looking for me dressed in a suit like that? What kind of man? What kind of man preys on children? Did that bitch who brought those charges against me send you? She was always whining about her kid. Tell me who you are, or I will make this so painful that you will beg for mercy, and it will not come. You don't know what pain is. But you will, I promise. Don't look at them. They'll see what you really are. Coward. Go to hell. Come with me. Welcome to my neighborhood. I made you a promise. It's time. Miami PD is transporting Rincon back to Houston. He's lucky he's not going back in a body bag. You know, you and your friends got a strange way of doing things, but I guess I can't complain. Thank you, Sam. About Amanda. Just wanted to say... Thanks for taking care of her. I was never real good about doing that. I guess... the mission always came first. For what it's worth, she left me, too. Don't think she ever got over you. Who could? - You ever need anything... - I'll let you know. You feel like having a beer? Come on. So, a lot of people are asking about the guy in the suit. I don't know what to tell them. I'm just the guy that helped you get back on top, that's all. Still can't figure you out, man. Honestly, Omar... Don't try. - Thanks for coming. - Shut up. There's something that I have to say. You want me backing you up on more of these little Gilroy meetings, then you're gonna hear me out, right here, right now, in another one of these little wasted hotel rooms. You are gonna get yourself killed. You're gonna wind up dead. I'm not dead yet. You know, I have more ammunition in this case than I need. You want to be quiet, or you want me to start using it? Sam doesn't agree with me. And I didn't want to worry your mother. Otherwise, this would be a full-scale intervention. You... work... too hard. I appreciate what you did finding Rincon. There's a part of me that understands what you're doing with Gilroy. But that cannot be what you do all day, every day. You cannot keep burning the candle at both ends, Michael! How do you expect to stay focused when you exhaust yourself like this? You need a life... Or you're gonna wind up dead. It's just basic operational sense. Are you finished? Sure. Fine. Where do you want me? How about right here? Gilroy... said he would call here... for the place and the time of our meeting. He said he would call here tomorrow morning. - Did you ask me here to... - Like I said, I'm not dead yet. Hello? Good morning, Westen. Gilroy, you're up early. As are you. Surprising, given what a busy boy you've been lately.</i> No need to be coy. I hear there was a certain transfer of power in a certain section of little Dominica that a certain someone had a role in facilitating. I wouldn't know about that. You really don't kiss and tell, do you?</i> Since you're up, any chance we can have a chat? I'd love to, but... But you have a more pressing engagement?</i> You could say that. Don't keep me waiting.