You're blacklisted. When you're burned, you've got nothing. No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in. - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you. - A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend... - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI... You know spies... A bunch of bitchy little girls. Family, too... Is that your mom again? If you're desperate. Someone needs your help. Bottom line... Until you figure out who burned you, you're not going anywhere. One of the reasons surveillance is done in teams</i> is that it's exhausting. Sitting in a car, remaining constantly alert while you watch a mailbox</i> will knock you out like a handful of sleeping pills.</i> Doing it in shifts is the only way to make sure you don't miss something.</i> - Your turn. - What? Five minutes? Five minutes, your eyeballs are tired? You should be happy I'm still here. Four hours parked in a hot car, 'cause this may be the post office box used by one of the people who burned you? Carla's not just one of the people who burned me. She's all I've got. Are you sure the manager said today? He said the mail for this box is picked up every wednesday. Did I tell you that I despise surveillance? Only every time we do it. Here we go. If that's Carla, that's one hell of a disguise. Carla's not the type to collect her own mail. Tailing a trained operative requires a number of time-consuming preparations...</i> everything from acquiring a vehicle they can't recognize or trace</i> to familiarizing yourself with all the local traffic patterns.</i> Go ahead, turn the car on. Turn it on. There you go. Now put it in drive. Drive! Of course, since you can never be sure who's a trained op,</i> there's always the chance you'll take all those precautions</i> just to follow a secretary back to her cubicle.</i> That's Carla's building? No guards, no camera? You really think Carla would work out of there? Security comes in all shapes and sizes, babe Hungry? Covert security is designed to blend in.</i> People you never notice... until you see them in action.</i> That means you have two choices. You can sit and wait for an incident to occur,</i> or you can create your own incident. - Hello? - <i>Yo, bro, got your grub. I'm out front.</i> I'll come down and meet you in the lobby, but you can't park there. - <i>This okay?</i> No, man. That's even worse. Oh, man. You got to be kidding me. Whoa! Where you going? Go back. Dude! Dude, you are just asking for a ticket parking there. You know what, buddy. I really don't have time for this.</i> Sorry, man, I'm just trying to help. You know what? Just pull around the back and go down the alley. I'll meet you there. All right. Just make it quick. I think we found Carla. Subbers in Black presents... Transcript : www.YYeTs.net Synchro : Salomon www.subbers-in-black.com Hey, Mikey. Look at that. That looks good. So, I pulled the building records and lease docs for that address you gave me for Carla's little irrigation consulting company. - Anything good? - Mm-Hmm. Office is right there. Second floor, east end. But it's gonna be tough getting in there unseen. Need to find if security has a routine. Maybe there's a chink in the armor. Wireless webcam might get what you need, but you got to figure out how to get it in place. You think you could find a setup with a strong enough signal? I don't know. Maybe later today if I have time. - Nice watch. - Thank you. It's a Panerai. Ferrari version. I think they prefer to call them "timepieces." Anyway, Veronica got us his-and-hers for our anniversary. Apparently, it's been a whole month since we both said "I love you." For that, you get an $8,000 watch? And some other things. You Michael? No. They said this guy Michael lives around here. - A lot of people live around here. - They say he drives a black car, too. Dodge. Who's "they"? Look, man, I'm not trying to bother you. It's just that... All right, here's the deal. I just got out of prison a couple months ago. I had a cellmate in there, he had a pretty sweet scam going on. Cops couldn't touch him. This guy Michael comes along, blows his whole operation up. That's the kind of friend I need. Name's Trevor. You got the wrong guy. - At least hear my problem. - Sorry. Wait, man. Go home. Please. 60 seconds. Go. Okay, all right. I got a... I got a reputation in certain circles as a... expediter of getaways. - Wheelman. - I do more than that. I find the right car, modify it as necessary, get rid of it clean, plus I plan the escape route. You're an expediter. No, I used to be. See, last time I was in prison, I saw the light, man. I decided to turn my life around. I got my G.E.D., I got certified as a mechanic, and now I'm trying to stay clean, no matter what. 30 seconds. Problem is, I got this boss named Timo. He runs this crew that I used to work with a few times. - Pick it up. - They're planning a jewel heist. It's going down during this trade show that's coming up. Tell them you can't do it. I did. I even offered to find them a replacement. Timo likes to work with the same people he knows, especially during big jobs. He told me he would feel personally betrayed - if I didn't come through with this. - Sure he'll get over it. You don't know Timo. That's his way of saying "Do it or die." Can you leave town for a while? Not without violating my parole. I got to stay in the state for the next five months. Time's up. You have two options. Go to the police, tell them everything you just told me... Timo'll kill my family. - They have witness protection. - Yeah, right. Or you do the job. Don't get caught. Either way, I can't help you. I got emeralds, man. These are real. You can get 15 grand easy, and it's clean. - I got a 2-carat diamond ring. - Trevor, I heard you out. - Now you need to walk away. - I got a son, man. He was born while I was locked up. - Sorry to hear that. - I don't want you to be sorry. I just want you to understand where I'm coming from. I made a promise to my boy that I was done with that life. And I ain't breaking that promise. Come on. Criminal hideouts tend to be pretty nondescript.</i> Underground caves and spooky, old mansions are dramatic,</i> but a boathouse on the Keys is easier to find.</i> Well, your boy Trevor... he's running with some pretty impressive company. I mean,... every name he gave you... first-round pick if you were drafting your own crew. - What'd he say the job was? - He didn't. He knows it's jewels, but he doesn't know where or when. This guy Timo likes to keep details to himself. Here we go. C.J. Mr. Slickster from Jersey. Arrested up and down the East Coast. Fraud, embezzlement. Nothing recent. Now, this big guy's the safecracker. Gilbert Kessler, one of the best. Any record? He rung up three DUIs in the last two years, so, technically, he's not even supposed to be driving. Okay, here's a doozy. Kandi, originally from California. Assault and battery, assault and battery, assault with a deadly weapon. Her and Fiona would have a good time or, you know, kill each other. Oh, and this must be Timo. Suspect in most of the bigger unsolved heists in the Greater Miami area. Only arrested once. - And... - The only witness was murdered. So, you got a plan yet? The best way to help Trevor is to get the job called off. But you don't even know what it is. - I'm hoping that won't matter. - How's that? Crew like this runs like a well-oiled machine. Somebody gets in trouble with the police and the machine stops working. I'm telling you, I think the safecracker Gilbert could be your guy. His probation has a no-drinking restriction, so you get him pulled over after one beer, it's jail time. Fi, would you like to make a new friend? He's a safearacker. I'm hoping you can convince him to have a drink with you. Good-looking guy. Is this seat taken? No, uh, sit down. Bring us your best champagne. Fifi. Gilbert. - Nice to meet you. - My pleasure. Somebody has to toast with me. What are you celebrating? Why, you and me, of course. I get it. This is a sales speech. You're an escort. I don't drink, and I don't pay to play either. Enjoy the champagne. When you're looking to get somebody arrested,</i> bad guys can't always be counted on</i> to commit crimes on your schedule.</i> Sometimes you have to give them a little push.</i> What the hell are you doing? That's my table. I've been waiting for an hour for my special table. What?! Don't you "what" me. Get your ass out of here. - Don't touch me, buddy. - I just did. There I go again and again and ag... Once you've got a crime in progress, you can let the authorities take over.</i> That assumes, of course, that the authorities are paying attention.</i> Is that the best you got? Come on! Come on, big guy. So you want a lot more, huh? Come on! You fight like a girl! - Really? - Oh! Oh! Hey! Hey! Police! Somebody! He's killing that guy! Timo called. Gilbert's in jail, but the job's still on. You said if Timo lost his safecracker, the job would be off. I know. Any other time, he would have called it off. What did he say? he said he'd been working this angle for the last two years, and it was too big a score to let Gilbert ruin it. He's trying to track down some guy from Georgia. Here, I'm thinking, if I try to do the right thing, I might just catch a break. Who was I fooling? There's another way we can get the job called off. - How? - Find out the target, tip them off. Timo's already on edge. I start asking questions now... No, no, no, no. You stay focused on making Timo think you're a team player. - I'll ask the questions. - Wait. What? Taking Gilbert out didn't get the job called off, but it did create a job opening. Now, you call Timo. You tell him that you found a safecracker who's local. - Who, you? - Yeah. You crack safes? 'Cause Timo's not gonna take my word for it. Just... just make the call. Tell him I'll meet him tomorrow. I've got some things to do tonight. You can't stop a door alarm from going off,</i> but you can explain it. Leave a few cigarette butts on the ground and anybody coming by</i> will assume someone was just sneaking a smoke break.</i> I'm on the roof across from Carla's building, Sam. - <i>Are you ready?</i> - Give me one second here. 24/7 surveillance on a location used to require a full team of operatives.</i> These days, you can get by with a webcam and wireless signal booster</i> from your local electronics store. Ideally, you'd drill holes and mount it on brackets,</i> but when time is an issue, I prefer dental putty. Easy to mix, easy to apply, and strong as cement when it hardens. But it hardens quick... How's it looking, Sam? ... so you better aim right the first time.</i> Hello, Carla! We're in business, Mikey. You getting out clean? Sounds like building security's getting curious. Call you back. Making yourself invisible when you need to</i> is a crucial skill for a covert operative.</i> It sounds exotic, but it's not like there's a supersecret move</i> they teach you at spy school that allows you to vanish into think air.</i> Often it's just a matter of quick thinking, fast feet,</i> and strong fingers. Hey, Mikey. Hurry up. I got good news. Good news? I could use some good news. I think I found a gap in the security at Carla's building. I'm telling you, Mikey, sometimes I surprise myself. It's beautiful. I did a little editing on the surveillance tape. Check this out. I time-lapsed the footage here, just to see if there's any kind of a routine, But the maintenance man and the gardener don't really have one. They patrol in random intervals, so the best you could do is guess. - Waiting for the good part, Sam. - Coming. Okay, about 3:45, night security gets there. And before they switch over, everyone goes around back for about five minutes, I'm guessing, for some kind of debrief. During that time, the only guy watching the front is the old man at the coffee shop. Still waiting for the good news. Because grandpa can't walk the place like he works there, any time somebody heads down that side alley, he takes a little stroll and that is our window. - Nice work, Sam. - Thanks, Mike. I'd love to bask in the glory, but I got my big "One month since we said 'I love you'" celebration. Sammy's gettin' some hammy tonight. I keep pinching myself to make sure I'm not dreaming. I just can't believe how happy I am. We are on a nice little roll here. It's like... I've waited for you to show up for my entire life, and now I finally... I sound like such a teenager. Well, you've got the body of a teenager. You... You might as well sound like one. You are so sweet... And you make me feel so good. Hey, pumpkin, you know this isn't just a one-way street. Look, I've been all over the world. I've known a lot of women. So when I tell you, without a doubt, you are one in a million... ... you can believe it, Roni. Marry me. How about that, huh? There's a question. Safecracking skills are a basic part of espionage training.</i> Spies steal secrets, and people keep their secrets in safes.</i> But staying current with safearacking is a little like staying current with computers.</i> New model every year. Bottom line... If you want to breach a safe, you have to practice.</i> Fi... I was one number away from the combination. The last one's always the same. C4. Always easier to just blow it. You really think he's gonna test you? Probably. He's a control freak. At the very least, I need to make it sound good. Oh, you've been out of the game a while, Michael. There are all kinds of new toys nowadays. That looks like it would leave a mess. You're such a snob when it comes to manipulation techniques. On a real heist, they're overrated and impractical. You don't like it because it takes patience. I won't deny that I prefer... a power tool. Hello? Yeah, Trev? Just let me know when. Timo is ready to meet. A criminal cover I.D. isn't just about a new name and phone number.</i> It's about fitting into a culture with its own rules and hierarchies.</i> It's a world where bank robbers are the rock stars,</i> con artists are the snobs, car thieves are the blue-collar guys, and safecrackers are the artists. I usually work for safe companies, you know, when grandma forgets the combination or the bank manager forgets the security code. They call the best. How often do you freelance? Two or three jobs a year, based on timing and pay. I'm surprised I haven't heard of you. I take great pains not to be heard of. So, what's this safe we're looking to compromise? You'll have to bear with me, Joe. Joseph. Oh, excuse me. Joseph. Now, I'm sure you have questions, and you'll get answers, but not yet. I don't usually work with people I don't know. So, how about we get to know each other, huh? Come on. You just quit. No cameras to worry about. Crack it. No. Excuse me. If you're looking for a guy to crack a liquor-store safe, I'm not your man. Indulge me. You're gonna shoot me? Last time I checked, you needed a safecracker. You know what? Trevor vouched for you. Crack it now, or he dies. Come on. I want us all to be friends. Crack the safe... now. You want to see a show, I need a cup. Anytime you recommend a friend for a job,</i> you're on the hook if things don't work out.</i> In the retail-sales business, for example,</i> make a bad referral, and you might get fired.</i> In the armed-robbery business, on the other hand,</i> make a bad referral, and you might get killed.</i> Look a little jumpy, Trevor, you're not nervous, are you? No. So you really, really have to hope that the new guy knows what he's doing. Happy? Nice. Be at this address. 3:00. Don't touch that. Don't touch anything. You know Trevor. You already met Kandi. This is C.J. Welcome to the family, Joseph. Answer by the third ring, no matter what. No excuses. I don't care if you're in the shower, you answer. Now, sit down. We're gonna go over a few things. - We'll be coming in from here. - Are we breaking in? No, man, it's sweeter than that. Your concern for secrecy is admirable, but... I need to know if there will be people there. We'll handle it. And where will this affair be taking place? - You'll find out soon enough. - Let me put it another way. If someone screams, will they be heard? Let me put it this way. I've covered every aspect of this plan, down to the smallest detail. All you need to worry about is cracking the safe. Fine. Tell me about the safe. Madison AK series, class II, composite... Composite hardplate. And the lock? Ilco 693. Manual combination. That's good. You'll have 19 minutes. 19 minutes? Hmm. Oh, it's doable. I'll need to know other variables, though. I already told you... We'll cover it! - Let's move on. - Not so fast. - Question. - No! No more questions. You know what you need to know. Now, shut up and listen. Really, smart guy? Then, when was it installed? 'cause, as you know, Ilco implements countermeasures every year to stop people like me. So, if I have 19 minutes, I will need to know what version I'm dealing with. It was put in two years ago. Great. Now we can move on. This meeting is over. Everybody out. Trevor? You can stay. - Trevor. - What's up? You're not answering your phone. Damn it! Oh, I hope Timo didn't call. I forgot to turn it back on. Why'd he hold you back? I thought I was in trouble. He just wanted to give me a scatter point. Timo gives me the location. I park the vehicles for the crew nearby. Anything goes wrong, we take separate routes back to the boathouse. So the heist must be close by. Three jobs I've done with Timo, he's always given me the location within a half a mile of the place we're hitting. This might be all the info we need. - To find the target? - Maybe. The vault Timo wants to hit is very high-end. Outside of banks, there's not a lot of buildings that would have one. Those things are near indestructible, so the city makes you get a special permit to put one in. Knowing when it was installed would narrow it way down. We can get it down to about a half-mile radius. - I can give you something by tomorrow. - You'll know who to tip off by tomorrow so I don't have to get the backup vehicles. You need to act "business as usual" until it's over. - Come on. I better get back there. - Go. So, Mikey, uh, you never asked me about my date. Oh, how'd your date go? Not real good. I'm sorry to hear that. She popped the question, buddy. The marriage question? Yeah, you know it. And you said? I didn't. That's part of the problem. She's freaking out, waiting for an answer. So give her one. Well, I'd love to, Mike, but, uh, there's some issues here. Do you love her? She could be the one. Then say yes. But it's complicated. Then say no. You're a true friend, Mikey. - You're finished placing the cars? - Yeah. Dropped Timo's car off around the corner. Is that the target? So now we tip them off. We have a little snag. - What? - See for yourself. C.J.? Apparently, he's obtained gainful employment. He's Timo's inside man at the jewelry exchange. Oh, man. If we're not careful about who we talk to and how... Timo's gonna know that he has a leak. His first guess is gonna be me or you. Either way, it's bad for you. So, that's it. I'm screwed. No, we're still gonna tip off the store. We just have to find a way to do it without C.J. knowing. I'll deal with this. I'll let you know when it's done. Go ahead. Thank you, sir. Five bucks, buddy. Are you kidding me? - All set? - Yeah. Told him to make the block once and head down the alley. Then Mike can make his move on Carla's building. Fi, I need some advice. I'm trying to come up with a gift. Something that says, "I love you," but I can't marry you." And not too expensive. There's no such thing, Sam. Why can't you marry her? - Well, there's stuff involved. - "Stuff"? Grownup stuff, okay? You wouldn't understand. It's obvious how much you care for her. - I'm not saying I don't. - Then why can't you marry her? 'cause it's against the law, all right? I'm already married, technically. You're gonna get flies in there. Look, it was the '70s. I did it on a whim. We both knew the next day it was a big mistake, but we never got around to getting divorced. That's not something you get around to. Look, Fi, the truth is, I didn't think any of it mattered, 'cause I wasn't the marrying type... until now. Forget about the gift, Sam. Just tell Veronica the truth. She'll understand. We all have skeletons. Terrible, terrible skeletons. Here comes our boy. And the old guy gets up... goes to check on the alley... and in you go, Mikey. I'm in the shower. You have 30 minutes to get here. Where's he going? He's gonna blow it. Mike, what happened? You were clear. Timo called. He wants me at the boathouse.</i> We'll deal with Carla's building later. Sam, I think I'm gonna need some backup. What's going on? Put those on. No more questions. Get dressed, get your gear, get in the van. - I'm not doing this. - Calm down. - I'm out of here. - You can't run. - The hell I can't! - Don't be stupid. You'll go back to prison for violating your parole. I made a promise. You know what your boy needs more than a promise? He needs his dad. Now, let me handle this. And when I'm done, you'll never have to worry about Timo again. You need to get rid of those. Where you going? To relieve myself. Why? You want to watch? You better give me your phone. What? We'll take nothing traceable. Sending messages in the middle of an operation</i> is among the most dangerous things you can do.</i> Sometimes you just have to drop a note and hope your backup team is paying attention.</i> They're doing the heist now. We don't have much time. I was wondering when the fun would start. Yeah? Monteiro heating & air? Finally. Tell them to hurry up. Took you long enough. Where to? It's right this way. Move it! Get going! Let's go! Move it! Come on! Let's go. Get in there! Get your ass down here! Move! Get in there! Come on! Let's go. 19 minutes. - What's going on?! - Are we in? Five more minutes. We don't have five minutes! All right, pack up! We're getting out of here! Let's go, let's go, let's go! Everybody out! I want back to base! Everybody back to base! Do not be late! You got 33 minutes! I want the place cleaned out of your clothes. I got RDX. I can blow the lock. Like you said, it's the score of a lifetime. It's too late. Two more minutes, and we all go to jail. Now, let's go! You missed something! You had to! Whoa, this is not on me! My information was good! You said that there was no panic button and no alarm on the safe! And I was right! Then how did the alarm go off? I don't know! Exactly! Hey, what's going on? Why are you guys so serious? What's going on? We put too much time and work into this job to walk away with nothing. What do you mean, nothing? I got the stuff. It was in the bag. I gave it to Timo. The jewels were in that bag? Yeah. Where's Timo? Trevor? He should be here. I gave him the quickest route. A certain kind of leader insists on controlling every aspect of an operation...</i> ... so that nothing can possibly go wrong.</i> The downside to insisting on controlling everything</i> is that when something bad happens, people tend to think it was all part of your plan.</i> He set us up. Son of a... What did you get me into? I'm gonna find Timo, and I'm gonna kill him! I'm gonna kill him! Oh, he'll be dead long before you find him. - Where you headed? - Geez! Kandi. What happened? You tell me. I don't know. Maybe somebody got onto us. Maybe C.J. screwed it up. What are you doing here? We can't be seen together when a job is blown. I had to make sure you were okay. No, you get somewhere, and you stay there until you hear from me. What about the jewels? What jewels? What are you talking about? We didn't get anything. Whoa, what are you, crazy?! I will count to 3. 1... What's wrong, baby? 2... No. No! 3. Sorry about the shiner. I had to sell it. Small price to pay. Think I'm really done hearing from Timo? You know Kandi better than I do. Thanks for everything, Michael. And I'm gonna be back tomorrow with that... bracelet and some jewels for your friends, too. - That is not necessary. - Hey, I'll be back tomorrow. Trevor, we didn't actually steal anything. So the promise that you made... Yeah. Thanks, man. Let's go. Almost done. Why the rush, Michael? Your little window for getting into Carla's building doesn't open for over an hour. I don't want to take any chances. You really think you're gonna find something in that office? No idea. Maybe I'll hit the jackpot and find out her real name and social security number. Or might find out what kind of staples she likes. Either way, it's more than what I have now. You mean, nothing. Exactly. Let's go. Five more minutes, they'll be dry. Now you're gonna have to do them all over again. Let's go. - Hey, Mike. - Hey, Sam. Uh, what's with the bags? Oh, well, uh, my little confession to Veronica didn't go over so well. She kicked me out, Mike. Out of her place and out of her life. Thanks for the advice, Fi. That's really sad, Sam. We can't talk about it right now. We're in such a rush, right, Michael? Who wants a beer? Carla's boys out of sight? Everybody but the guy in the coffee shop. That's your decoy. He thinks we're having a rendezvous in the alley. Back in a few, Fi. Michael, nice try. Your day job does get in the way, doesn't it?</i> When you work in intelligence, there's no bigger slap in the face than a picture of yourself in the middle of an operation.</i> It sends a clear message... "we're one step ahead of you. "We're in control. We own you."