You're blacklisted.</i> When you're burned, you've got nothing.</i> No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI.</i> You know spies... A bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too...</i> - Hey, is that your mom again? - <i>If you're desperate.</i> - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... Until you figure out who burned you,</i> you're not going anywhere. Previously on Burn Notice Someone out there wants you dead, and we both need to know who. You're gonna do this? Hunt them down? The enemy of my enemy could be my friend. I got the chemical analysis back from the explosion. Professional. Any progress finding our bomber? Nope. Checked the blast. Crude IED. Amateur hour. We recruited you because you're a good liar. I guess we can't complain when you lie to us. They couldn't go out the door after they set it. If they went off the balcony... I could check the security cameras at the businesses along the river. When you work for an intelligence agency,</i> you operate within an official structure.</i> There's a chain of command to report to, protocols to be observed.</i> No one questions their mission. But when you freelance, you don't have those luxuries.</i> Getting your team on board may require some convincing.</i> I don't have a problem with hunting down someone who planted a bomb at your place. I have a problem with why you're hunting him. If this was revenge, I'd be fine. - Revenge is a waste of time. - So is watching TV and eating candy. You do it 'cause it feels good. You are finding a killer for the people who ruined your life. When I find him, I'll have more on them. Intelligence gathering. Right. He should at least suffer a little. When I find him, there will be some pain involved. Are you happy? Delighted. Do you see that storage facility? It has security cameras that cover the approach to your loft from the road. Here's the name of the service rep who installed the security system. And the model number. You're welcome. You do care. Now run along before I change my mind. Spies love technology upgrades. When someone replaces old equipment, a computer, a cellphone, a PDA, Getting information becomes as easy as looking through the trash.</i> I cannot believe Phil didn't call you. I was up on an install up in Boca. They had me come down here and do your upgrade. I got the paperwork right here. - Is it gonna take long? - No, it shouldn't be long. It's just a simple switch-out of a unit. I should check with them. No, you should yell at them. I'm gonna get started here. When you need to steal information in a hurry,</i> just arrange the technology upgrade yourself.</i> Ron, it's Kay, at Evergreen. There's a guy doing an upgrade, but I don't have him on the schedules. Hang on. I'm with Ron Lummer. He needs to speak to you. - Yeah, Ron? - <i>Yeah. Who is this?</i> No, no, no. You're looking in the wrong files. It's Evergreen Storage. On your desk by the bobble-head guy. What? I don't have a file. - You found it? - <i>What?</i> Yeah. Oh, it looks like Phil dropped the ball on this one. I'm calling the police now. No, no. Don't be too hard on him. Everybody makes mistakes. You're breaking the law. Don't touch anything.</i> You know me. Anything for you. Just save me a donut! This isn't funny! You hear me? You're going to jail! I'm...</i> - What did he say? - Someone's in trouble, but it ain't me. Sorry for the inconvenience. If you need to buy a few seconds in an office environment,</i> programming a computer to dial every phone in an office simultaneously</i> is simple and cheap. Just set up your cellphone to trigger the call remotely.</i> Sounds like you guys are busy. To get away clean from an office, it's okay to run.</i> People run out of offices all the time.</i> If the look on your face says "I'm in a hurry,"</i> you can go as fast as you want. It's all about covering ground before the yelling starts.</i> Hey! Hey, stop! The one you love is closer than you think.</i> What's yours say? The one who burned you is closer than you think.</i> What? What? - That got your attention. - Not funny, Fi. Is this what your life's become, Michael? Running around like Carla's errand boy? I'm doing this so I can get out from under Carla. The guy who blew me up... She hates him. So I would like to meet him. I think I found something. Passed the camera twice in 90 minutes the day of the bombing. Right time, too. Collapsible ladder for getting down from your balcony. City worker outfit keeps people from asking questions. Meet the man who tried to kill me. Season 2, Episode 11 : Hot Spot. Synchro VO : S@lomon www.subbers-in-black.com Kind of ordinary for a spy killer. - What were you expecting? - I don't know. After all this, like, boots and a mask, at least. You know, a cape, maybe? His gear is from city of Miami public works. Capes aren't standard issue. Fi's checking it out. Hey, good news. Something to take your mind off all this. I got a way to score some Dolphins tickets. - Sam... - Come on, Mikey. When's the last time you did something that regular people do? Don't be afraid. I'll be right there with you. 50-yard line, third row, beer in big plastic cups. - How are we getting these tickets? - Buddy of mine, Sean Martin. He used to play for the 'phins in the '90s. He... He needs a little favor. - And there it is. - Come on. Look, we can probably wrap this up in a day. We're supposed to meet him at 2:00. Most of these guys I handpicked in the roughest part of overtown. Pulled them out of broken families, gangs. Put them on the field. See, Mike? He's a great humanitarian, he's got tickets on the 50-yard line. Sam said you had a problem. Not me. One of my players, Corey Jensen. Good kid. Stays out of trouble, but he got into a fight the other day. - A fight? What about? - Not sure. I just know the guy he fought is bad news. Felix Cole, a local gangster. Word is, he wants Corey dead. Gangster... This is the little problem you... Yeah. Hey, Sean, what exactly were you hoping for here, favor-wise? He's at my place with his sister. I just wanted you guys to go by and talk to him and see what the options are. Well, if he's being hunted, he shouldn't be staying at your place. Won't be long before they look there. Mike's right. Look, let me swing by. I'll pick them up. Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it. Okay, so it's not a little problem, but we're not exactly talking nosebleed seats either here, huh? Come on. Whoa, Mike. We got a visitor. Hello, Michael. Is now a good time? Carla. So great to see you. You might want to give Sam your keys. We need to talk. - I'll meet you back at the loft. - You sure, Mike? He's sure. Don't I get tied to the chair? Don't go soft on me now, Carla. I thought we'd keep this meeting a little more casual. We want to know how your investigation is going. "We"? Who's "we"? - Love to meet them, if they're around! - Michael, sit down. We got our analysis back of the explosives at your place. Same method and materials used on the other operatives that were attacked. "Operatives". Plural. How many exactly? Do I get names? I thought you weren't going to tie my hands. I've seen your work. You do just fine with your hands tied. Everything I can share with you is here. And it stays here. Look it over, let us know when you're done. What if I have to go to the little boys room? Well, you're gonna have to hold it. My men have orders to shoot you if you try to leave the room. Hey, Mike. Well, that was a quickie. You look... unbruised. Just a few paper cuts. I got a look at Carla's files. She thinks the bomber is not local. So the big, bad burn-notice lady's a step behind you. You think it's gonna stay that way? Well, I asked for a list of all demolition experts who have spent time in Serbia and Montenegro. Said I saw a pattern there. - We got another meeting on the books. - Nice. Fi's upstairs with the kids. I'm just heading out to get dinner for everybody. - Pizza time? - Yeah. Mike, just a heads-up. This one has Fi a little... fired up. Sorry. I was delayed. Oh, that's okay, Michael. I was getting to know your guests. I'm Corey. This is my little sister, Tanya. - Hi. I'm Michael. - Nice to meet you. They told me about their situation. It seems this... Man... Felix? He took Tanya for a ride in his car... ... and then he attacked her. And she escaped, barely, and then Corey went after him with a baseball bat. I found her crying. I just wanted to make sure he never tried to come back... No explanation necessary. Use a golf club next time. Greater force to a smaller area. But now he's after me. His guys came to my house. They tried to shoot me in the street. - I mean, I don't know where to go. - It's fine. - We'll take care of it. - Would you excuse me? Could I talk with you out on the balcony? Michael, I'm gonna say this once. We are helping these kids. - Fi, this is a job for the police. - Oh, sure. If we let Felix kill Corey, we'll have more evidence when he comes after this girl again. You made your point. We can get them out of town. No. They've done nothing wrong. They're not going anywhere. That son of a bitch is going somewhere, and this is not a discussion. You're letting your emotions get the best of you. No. I'm doing better than that. I'm letting my feelings run the show, and I feel very strongly about this! Felix works out of that club, mostly. His crew boosts cars for the 24k syndicate. That's him next to the GTO. Man, what was I thinking? He's a stone-cold gangster. He doesn't deserve to be called a gangster. Anyone who attacks a 15-year-old is a pervert. It's just... See, the thing is, ever since the word went out, his whole gang is after me. The whole 24k crew. The whole 24k crew. Oh, this is getting better and better. You see that guy he's talking to? The guy with the glasses by the table? That's Tony Soto, the boss. Felix earns a lot of money for that guy. Any car that gets boosted from here to midtown, it's his guys. Listen, seriously, I don't think there's anything you guys can do. Oh, don't worry, Corey. There's a long list of things we can do. You know, just for the record, when I said "favor", I was thinking, like, find somebody's lost dog or something like that. You're gonna have to work a little harder than you're used to. I work plenty hard, lady. I just make it look easy. Corey's up against an organization here, Fi. Felix is well-connected. Well, then we'll just have to disconnect him, won't we? Tony won't back Felix if we put him out of business. A new gang of car thieves is coming to town. You want to take him head-on? Well, then we got to stash Corey and his sister somewhere for a bit. Corey and Tanya are getting settled, and I'm making spaghetti. - Excuse me. - Ma, I'm sorry. Fiona really felt strongly about them being in a nicer environment than the loft, and... Well, you know, she was really not in the mood to discuss the point. It's fine. If you didn't bring people over, I'd never see you. And thank you for what you did for your brother. - For... For what? - Your brother's papers. When he got out of jail? The arrest was erased, like it never happened. - You didn't do that? - Not exactly. It was... It was done for me. Thank your friends for me, then. Yeah, my friends put him in jail in the first place, actually, so... Sometimes I forget how complicated your life is. There's a reason armies wear uniforms,</i> even though they make them easier to spot.</i> Sometimes that's what you want. Uniforms suggest organization, power, and numbers.</i> These, in turn, inspire fear. And as any good operative knows, there's no more effective weapon than fear.</i> Nice car. It's too bad, really. What's too bad? Pepper grenades are used by antiterrorist units</i> to disable and stun. Not lethal, but a face full of pepper gas will keep you pretty busy.</i> No, no, no. Don't go anywhere. The party's just starting. What the hell, man? Melting through the engine block of a car</i> isn't hard if you know what you're doing.</i> A few pounds of thermite in a coffee can and a fuse</i> will do the trick and put on a pretty good show.</i> Felix, over here. It's time for you to leave Miami. You what? You did that to his car? He's gonna come after you. Better than him coming after you. We're just sending him a message. It's time for him to move on. Yeah, sounds like it. Damn. Oh, I looked through those pictures Mr. Axe gave to me. - You recognize anyone? - Yeah, this dude here is JB. He's definitely big-time. That's Rodrick. And this dude here? They call Reed. These three are Felix's main boosters. I found some crackers. Mom? These are like cardboard. They were in the back of the cupboard. They're a few years old. Corey's been helping me clean out all of the old food in the house. He ate a can of smoked oysters that I've had since you were a baby. A little salty, but they really hit the spot. - Thanks, Ms. Westen. - Oh, no. Thank you. - Can we go home now? - Not yet. This was a good first step, but we still have to be careful. Is there any family that you have that Felix might know about? It's just me and Tanya. Our mom passed last year. We got family up north. But I need to finish school here. I got a chance at a scholarship. Coach Martin looks after us if we need it. Well, I think it's time to talk to coach Martin. The whole neighborhood's talking about what happened with Felix yesterday. The engine of his car melted into the road? It's crazy. Well, crazy's kind of what you want in a situation like this. I mean, you want Felix to worry about something that's bigger than some kid beating him up. Sounds like a plan to me. If there's anything I can do to help. Actually, I need you to keep your head down for a while, 'cause this is gonna get worse before it gets better. Sam, you're asking me to hide? Hide? Oh, no. Of course not. I just need you to be someplace where no one can see you. Until I give the all-clear. You know, for the kids. When you need to get into a building in a hurry,</i> you can always count on a fire exit. Every building has them. It's just about knowing how to use them.</i> The right shape charge will put a big enough dent in a steel door</i> to disengage the lock, which can turn a fire exit</i> into a convenient and unexpected entrance.</i> A coil of detcord attached to a rubber mat</i> will give you the explosion you need and allow you to point it wherever you need it to go.</i> SWAT teams call it a hockey puck. Let me do that. I have a more delicate touch. I made some progress finding your would-be assassin today. There's a chance he works at ASA Dismantling. The city contracts their demolition work with them. I think I'll pay him a visit, see what I can find out. It's beautiful. Beautiful. So, the front of the place is pretty well guarded, but that's it. - And Felix? - He hangs around the back. He's there. - Fresh from the printer. - Shall we? I want to know who the hell they are! They come out of nowhere, destroy my car, tell me to leave my home, and you say nobody... Nobody knows anything? No, Felix. Nobody's seen nothing. Then maybe they're not looking hard enough. "Blitzkrieg", or "lightning war", was a strategy pioneered by the Germans in World War II.</i> It refers to a fast attack designed to inspire fear and confusion,</i> penetrating quickly behind enemy lines.</i> Good afternoon. Let's get those hands up. Thank you to back up against the wall. Keep your hands where I can see 'em. Nice. Comfortable? Hello, Felix. Who the hell are you people? The name's Johnny. We got a lot in common, Felix. We're both in the car-theft game. Only we work Miami, and you... Well, you work someplace else. You've 48 hours. After that, we'll make your travel arrangements for you. Leave town? I'm supposed to be scared of some fancy-ass suits and a shotgun? You better get the hell out of my establishment. I hear you. You're busy. You got a lot to do. After all, you only have... 47 hours, 59 minutes... And 10 seconds... ... left. Trust me, Felix. You want to move on. You got a lot of headaches here you don't need. Miami is very humid in the summer, and you got all these people you have to manage. Plus your place is on fire. I'll kill you! - Take care. - You hear me? Do you hear me? Did you see the shopping list your mother gave Sam? Corey is eating his own body weight in cereal every day. He's a growing boy. I have to say, I like this Johnny. He's got flair. He reminds me of your cover in Dublin when we first met. Do you remember what you called yourself? Michael McBride. Michael McBride. Sometimes I wonder if... He's the one I fell in love with. I wouldn't be surprised. We caused a lot of mayhem, you and I. He was your type of guy. Yes, he was. Where did he go? Oh, you know how it is with cover IDs. You become who you need to be. And everyone gets to guess who you really are. I'll see you later, Michael. I have an appointment at ASA Dismantling and Demolition. Fi, if you see this guy... I'll give him a kiss from you. - Are you Eric? - Yeah. Nina Roberts, Green Row Publishing. We spoke on the phone yesterday. Oh, right. - You sell the calendars. - No, darling. I make the calendars. Theme calendars. Firefighters, lumberjacks, cops, cowboys... And now the men of demolition. Nothing turns a woman on more than when something goes "boom". All I need from you are names and photos of all your... demolition guys. Do me a favor. - Don't tell them you're doing it. - Why is that? No feelings get hurt if I just talk to the guys I'm interested in. All I need is another homely firefighter offering to wax his chest in my office. - What do you look for? - Depends. But I think I'm looking at Mr. January right here. Target selection is one of the least glamorous</i> but most important elements in any strategy.</i> You want to take out the people your opponent depends on.</i> The ones his organization can't function without.</i> Lose your keys? I can give you a ride. Don't look so scared. Loaded it with a bean-bag round, so it won't do any permanent damage. But the temporary damage, that hurts like hell. Did I forget to mention that? My fault. My fault. Maybe we should exchange insurance information. Or maybe you should put these on... And get into the trunk of my car. You see? Look. There's an element of theater in any offensive campaign.</i> It's not just about bullets and bodies.</i> Killing people usually creates more problems than it solves.</i> It's about undermining your enemy's will to fight,</i> destroying the morale of his troops, sending the message that fighting back is useless</i> because the battle is already lost. I brought you a little going-away present. - You call this a present? - Yeah. They're alive. Yeah, but you won't be. I'm good to go if you are. You really want to do this in front of all these people in broad daylight? - You just wait, Johnny boy. - Oh, I'll wait. I'll wait 23 hours and 14 minutes. Clean this up, man! Hello, Johnny. This is Tony Soto. Maybe you've heard of me? You're Felix's boss. Yeah. There's a car coming up the street. I see it. I want to talk to you. Well, go ahead and talk. That's what phones are for. No. In person. - Get in the car. - "Get in the car". I'm new to Miami, but are most people that stupid here? I'll leave two of my guys with your people, unarmed, to guarantee your safety. And I'm not asking. I'm telling. Now get in. Keep these boys company. I'm going to meet Tony Soto. There's an old saying in war that no plan survives the battlefield.</i> Often, as a situation evolves, you create new enemies.</i> Sometimes you create new alliances, new friends.</i> Soldiers are fine for dealing with the enemies,</i> but you need a spy to handle new friends.</i> Behold the ghost haunting Felix Cole. - Where you from? - Around. Why am I here? You got style, Johnny. You're aggressive. - I like that. - Nice to be appreciated. Felix has been a good earner, but any guy who lets someone punk him like you did, lets a 17-year-old kick his ass with a baseball bat... Well, I can't have that kind of weakness in my house. - I couldn't agree more. - Which brings me to my question... - What exactly do you want? - My team doesn't like competition. We want to be the only game in town. - We're selfish that way. - I'm selfish this way. Nobody operates in this neighborhood without dealing with me. I'll deal with you. Listen, Felix is an amateur. He steals a few cars for sale and lays the rest off in chop shops. Go to a high school. A kid can do that. Us? We deal in high-end export. Shipping them overseas at a markup. Overseas? How do you get the cars through customs? We clean 'em and clone 'em. Untraceable. Sell them at twice the price. Now, I can't have these idiots running around, boosting minivans with a shim and a screwdriver. You can talk, Johnny. I'm gonna give you that. But let's see if you can deliver. Hot off the street. Bring it back clean. Show me how it works. You could be my new car man. Felix is out? Felix is out, or you are. So, this is your job application? More or less. So, meanwhile, some poor guy's running around, looking for his $150,000 car. We'll get it back to him. We got to move fast on this one, Sam. No kidding. I went to Felix's place earlier to do some surveillance. He's been going nuts since we did our thing. Well, the more panicked he is, the easier our job is. But this isn't just business. I mean, he put the word out to every kid in the neighborhood to look for Corey. That was the plan. We made him look vulnerable. With Tony breathing down his neck, he has to look strong now. Quit yapping. Let's go. The actual theft of a car isn't difficult.</i> The hard part is selling it once you have it.</i> Between the license, registration, tax records, and vin number,</i> it's surprisingly hard to turn a car into cash.</i> The best approach is to start with clean paperwork</i> on another car from out of state, then match the stolen car to the clean paperwork.</i> That means new vin tags and a new registration.</i> And in case someone decides to check closely,</i> some hydrochloric acid and a file will make the etched vin number on the car chassis impossible to read.</i> Well, that's it. You think I should drive around South Beach, you know, just to make sure it still drives okay? Knock yourself out. - I've got a meeting. - Okay. Say hi to Carla for me. Hello, Michael. Hello, Carla. Do we have to go all the way to your office, or can we just do this here? Everybody who's ever blown something up in Eastern Europe. Your ex-girlfriend's on there. - I think we can rule Fiona out. - Really? She has the expertise, and she certainly had access. Lot of names here. This could take some time. Two days. Driver. I could get started that much faster if you just dropped me off at home. - Go up, make a left, make a... - Goodbye, Michael. - Aw, man. Look at that sweater. - What? Yeah. That was Christmas. Michael must have been 15, I think. God, don't they look cute? So sweet. Must be nice. Me and Corey, we never had a family like that. Neither did we, sweetheart. See the bruise on Michael's cheek? He and his father got into a fight because Frank was... pushing his brother around. Anyway, nobody was talking to anybody, so I said, "I'm gonna throw the whole dinner down the garbage", unless they stood there and took that picture. He fought his dad on... on Christmas? He was being a good big brother. Like you. - Is that everyone? - Yep. Past and present. Look who's on top. I'll schedule photo sessions in a few weeks, once I've had time to go over all this. Cool. Remember... I'll be waiting. - I believe I found your bomber. - <i>Who is he, Fi?</i> His name is Derek Poole, and he works part-time for ASA. I guess we know what he does with the rest of his time. - Can you get a home address? - What do you think? What's the word? Fi got a name. You expecting somebody, Mike? Nope. Who's there? Sean! What happened? Felix and his boys jumped me. They said if I didn't set up a meeting with Corey, they would go after my players. He said he just wanted to talk to him. No. He's going to kill him. He'll probably kill you both. Should we call the police? Well, we could get Felix arrested for assaulting you, but his crew would be on the streets, and Corey would still be in danger. So, what are we going to do, guys? I can't have him going after my players. Felix is on the edge. It's time to push him over. You're gonna call him. Set up the meeting. It's all right. We've done this before. This address Sean got from Felix? It's an alley. Industrial area by midtown. - Perfect spot for an ambush? - Bingo. You won yourself a beer, Mikey. So, poked around. Looks like this guy Felix is kind of a one-trick pony when it comes to hits. A few years ago, one of his rivals got popped. Same setup, different alley. If something works... Basically, car pulls in, bad guys box him in, hose him down with lead. Well, this I can work with. Can I work with that? Thank you. There are a couple of ways to make a vehicle bullet-resistant.</i> $60,000 worth of titanium siding will do the job.</i> Or you can pick up a few extra copies of the yellow pages</i> from your local phone company. Most non-armor-piercing bullets will only penetrate a phone book to a depth of an inch or two.</i> Behind a layer of steel, it's more like a quarter of an inch. Commercially available foam sealants will keep your tires rolling long enough to get you out of danger. For the windows, dual-layer, high-density plexiglas is your best bet. It's expensive, but bulletproof glass is not the sort of thing you skimp on. My guy called the cops. It checks out clean. You could drive to the police yourself, and you wouldn't have to worry about it. - I must say, I'm impressed. - We aim to please. All right. Let's check out this operation of yours. Let's. I figured you for a nicer ride. We don't like to take anything flashy to our location. - We can't afford to attract attention. - You're careful. That's good. Maybe a little crazy, but you're careful. And when it counts. Now, about Felix... Don't worry about him. This checks out, I'll take care of Felix. Countless wars have been fought over misunderstanding.</i> Tragic mistakes, misperceptions that turn people against each other forever.</i> That's Corey's car. Let's do this. Of course, it's not so tragic when you're the one creating the misunderstanding.</i> It's up here. We operate out of a warehouse. We do all our work there. Nothing's in our name, so there's no connection to us. Johnny, is that Felix's car? - You tell Felix you were meeting us? - No, I... Why the hell is he here? Did he follow you? Get down! Get us the hell out of here! We got to ditch this thing. - You can call your guys for a ride? - Yeah, yeah. Jesus. How did we... We armored the car. We're crazy, but we're not stupid. - You know, that son of a bitch, he... - Yeah, about that. You have a few things to straighten out before we get into business together. Yeah, I'd say so. I think we're gonna leave Miami for a little while. Let it cool down. Give you time to clean house. You straighten out this thing with Felix. Oh, I'll straighten it out. There's our ride. We'll give you a call when it's time. I want you to get big Ed on the phone. I'm gonna take care of this cat. Felix cleared out of Miami soon as he heard Tony was looking for him. His whole crew left, too. Yeah, it's probably safe to park in that part of town for a while. Here's your tickets. I got you three. I heard there was a lady doing most of the work. Piece of cake. Right, Mike? Hey, Corey wanted to say thanks. Hey, you guys. Listen, man, I just wanted to thank you guys for saving my life. Both of ours. Thank you, and can you thank Fiona for us? Look, if you get anywhere near the Super Bowl, I want tickets, okay? I want to be sitting on a goalpost. You got it, man. Yeah, Fi? I believe I found your bomber's house. All right, I'm on my way. Bad news is, looks like no one's lived there in a while. Mail's piled up in the box, newspapers stacking up. I think I may go in and poke around a little while I'm waiting. Fi, no. I don't want to disturb... You think I've never broken into a house before? Fiona, just take it easy and be careful. When you boobytrap someone else's place,</i> you put the trigger in the door or just inside</i> so the odds of tripping it are much higher.</i> If you rig your own place, the trigger has to be farther inside so you can safely enter.</i> A trip wire is a quick and dirty version,</i> but a contact plate under the rug is completely undetectable. Put a little accelerant on the walls...</i> There's a reason they call it a firetrap.</i> It's Fi. Leave a message. Fi, I'm at the address you gave me. Call me back if you get this. - Hey, you can't be here. - Anyone in there? - It's too hot. - Did you find anyone? We don't know yet. We haven't been able to confirm. It's too hot. - Was there a woman in there? - Someone was seen going in. I just need to know if someone was in there! Did you see a woman come out? Did anyone see anything? Was anyone in there? Move back! Move! Move it back! Move it back! We're clearing this whole street. Let's go. - <i>It's Fi. Leave a message.</i> - Fi, Fi, pick up the phone! Call me if you get this! I need to know where you are! It's Fi. Leave a message. There you are. You have got to get a landline in here. Poole rigged his place to burst into flame. It was no surprise, but I let my curiosity get away with me. I waited for a burnout in one of the windows. Now I need a new cellphone. Michael, you didn't think that...? Breakfast? For me? I see Fiona's spending the night now. Good for you. Putting down roots. So, you've had your couple of days. What's the good news? I ruled out everyone on the list you gave me. I took another look at the blast. I'm checking demolition specialists, private contractors. You could have someone look at that list, see if there's anyone worth flagging. Is this some kind of a joke? From what I hear, you have time to run around town playing dress-up with your friends, but the best you can do is a needle in a haystack? If you have a better idea, I'm willing to hear it. You're my idea, Michael. Make no mistake. There are those who think you're more trouble than you're worth. I've convinced them that you're useful 'cause you can find the bomber. What do you think's gonna happen if you don't deliver? Same thing that would happen to you, I suppose. You gonna run that check for me? Give me the list. It's time you focus on helping yourself,