You're blacklisted. When you're burned, you've got nothing. No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in. - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you. - A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend... - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI... You know spies... A bunch of bitchy little girls. Family, too... Is that your mom again? If you're desperate. Someone needs your help. Bottom line... Until you figure out who burned you, you're not going anywhere. When meeting a covert operative for the first time, the arrangements can tell you a lot. If they give you a map and a photo, they trust you.</i> A place and a time? They want to check you out before they make contact.</i> A cryptic clue, like "Tidy pelican"? They've just got an irritating sense of humor.</i> You look like you could use a partner. Tidy pelican. Cute. Carla wanted to leave a harder clue for the crossword. You know how she loves these things, but... I was worried it would go right over your head. Love the shirt. Careful. The last man who insulted me had to fish pieces of his tongue out of a garbage disposal. I'm kidding. Sit. Don't worry. It's a nice, public place. We're just two guys talking, sport. Call me Victor. So, what exactly do you do, Victor? Well, you could think of me as a wrangler. I make sure the broncos don't buck too much, wander from the pen. That kind of thing. Like a rodeo clown. You've been a busy boy, Michael, sneaking around town, breaking into people's offices. - You've shown a lot of initiative. - I've had a lot of time on my hands. Well, we'd like to put your talents back to good use. We've got a little operation, and you'll help. And if I'm not interested? Then I suppose we turn the screws until you get interested. My advice is, don't make this more difficult than it has to be. Meet your new best friend. This stays with you at all times. I call, you answer. And, no. No, you do not get a return number. You know, I already have plenty of these things. And I'm not doing a job until I hear what it is. Sometimes when you meet a new operative,</i> it's a good idea to open with an aggressive move.</i> I'm sorry. That's not how it works. You learn about people when you make them play defense...</i> their reflexes, weaknesses, how they handle themselves under pressure.</i> Keep smiling, sport. Just two guys talking. You'll tell me about your bosses, or I open your radial artery. My guess is you'll tap out in a minute, maybe two. Mm, Carla said you might be difficult. See, Mikey, the people we work for, they're into the whole... carrot-and-stick thing, and... I'm the stick. A .22... It does some nasty things up close. It'll probably tumble around your femoral artery, your groin. Now, I'm no expert, but my guess is you tap out first. And even if they're able to counter, it never hurts to know how far they're willing to go.</i> Subbers in Black presents... Transcript : www.YYeTs.net Synchro : Salomon www.subbers-in-black.com New car, Sam? Pre-owned. After the breakup, Veronica took the caddie back, so I used some saved-up pension cheaks and bought this baby. It was tough, but me and the buick, we're gonna get through it. How'd your little spy meet go? Seems the folks that burned me want me for a new errand. If the operative they sent is any indication, it's... it's heavy. And if you take a rain check? Oh, the usual. They'll work their way through my friends and family with a 9 millimeter until I change my mind. Sam, this, uh... this could get bad. I need someone to go stay over at my mom's just until I figure out what's going on. I wouldn't ask unless it was serious. What, it's serious like "don't finish that beer" serious or "go over there right after your d..." Hey, Madeline. It's Sam axe. Oh, I'm okay. You know, I've been staying over at Mike's place ever since Veronica and I broke up and, well, he's getting tired of me moping around, and I just wanted to know if I could stay at your place for just a couple of days while I'm on the mend. Aw, thanks, Madeline. Yeah, Mike wants to talk to you. Hey, mom. - What are we up to here, friend? - Whoa! Dude! Little surveillance? Planting a bug? Something more exotic, maybe? What are you talking about, man? I came here to talk to Michael. - I'm a friend of the family. - Mm-hmm. On your feet. I found the old VCR in the attic. Good as new. You just have to hook up these little things in the back. Madeline! There you are. Ricky, you met Sam. Oh, yeah. We just had the pleasure. Ricky's older brother Andre used to get in more trouble with Michael. They were like frick and frack, weren't they, honey? Yes, they were, Mrs. Westen. How about that, huh? Ricky came by to see Michael, but he was kind enough to help me install my home-theater system. So, how's it coming, Ricky? - Actually I think it's time to upgrade. - Really? It's a perfectly good machine. Sam, what's this? He was at your ma's house when I got there. Michael, you remember Ricky. - Ricky. Ricky Watkins. - Yeah. Long time, right? I heard you were back in town. Looking good, man. What's, uh, what's Andre up to? 25 to life up in Starke. That's too bad. Yeah, Ricky thought it'd be fun for the two of you to catch up. - We've got to get to that store. - Oh, that VCR situation. That's right. - Well, we got to do that. - What? You're gonna... Yeah, thanks. We got to just pick this thing up. Little shopping. You boys have fun, okay? - How you been, Ricky? - Oh, man. You wouldn't believe it. You probably remember me as that little screw-up kid, trying to raise hell like you and Andre used to. it's not like that anymore. Put myself through school, got a business degree. Head accountant, Sweet Valentine Enterprises. you know Valentine? - The hip-hop mogul? - The radio in my car is broken, so... Oh, well, trust me... It's big. The thing is, the other day, Valentine calls me into his office, tells me there's $2 million missing from a charity account. I said, "it must be a mistake," and I'll look into it. Money's gone. My name's on all the records. I'm being set up, man. You have any idea who might be behind it? Eddie Ash, Valentine's number two. Only other cat with access to the accounts. He's been with Valentine since the beginning. He's the only guy Valentine really trusts. If I say anything, I'm dead. Dead... Not a figure of speech? Valentine started as a gangster. He thinks I'm stealing from him? No. I wouldn't last 15 minutes. What you need, Ricky, is a forensic accountant. What I need is Eddie's books, okay? If I get the records, I give them to Valentine, I'm in the clear. Eddie keeps them locked up in his office. And you want me to go in there and get it? Look. I got $10,000. All right? It is everything I got, and you can have it. Let's see how the job goes first, all right? So, you really never heard of Valentine? Haven't had a lot of time for musical exploration, Fi. Well, he has a clothing line, too. Lingerie, wonderful shoes. How much you paying me for this again? I bought you the espresso. That's Eddie. Not a bad way to travel, huh? We have to figure out how we can get in and check out his security. Ricky said... - Yeah. - Hollywood beach, 15 minutes. Your new friend? Chatty, isn't he? I'll have to take care of this now. Can you... Run along. Okay. Class is in session. Now listen carefully. I'm only gonna say this once. There is a certain location. From this location, an item is being shipped to... another location. Whoa, whoa, slow down. Something is being shipped from somewhere to somewhere else. I think I follow. Now, we're going to hijack the something. - What's the something? - Oh, dear. Sounds like someone's got a case of the need-to-knows. Left untreated, that could prove fatal, Michael. Dismissed. Traffic is brutal this time of day. You should probably hustle if you're headed back to, uh... Biscayne boulevard? You can use cellphone towers to triangulate the position of someone's cellphone,</i> but you're going to have problems anytime they go out of range.</i> Use an enhanced GPS, on the other hand, and you can pinpoint their location in real time</i> almost anywhere on the face of the planet.</i> Try disconnecting a GPS wired into a phone's motherboard,</i> you risk disabling the phone. A much simpler solution is call forwarding.</i> Ricky's getting us the security codes, so that should take care of the doors. There are cameras all around the building, though. - What kind of cameras? - Wireless. Nothing too hard to handle. Of course, the tactical support I'm giving you will cost you. I need new shoes. You've got plenty of shoes. Now that I'm on the open market, I need more. If you want to empty a building, pulling a fire alarm is useless.</i> No one pays attention unless they're actually on fire.</i> A bomb scare next door to your target strikes the right balance.</i> Everyone clears out and then pays attention to the other building.</i> Impressive. What did you tell them? That I was a disgruntled customer. Disgruntled enough to hide a remote-activated explosives device in the ladies' room. They're evacuating the entire block before they look for it. Have fun. Most modern bomb squads are equipped with an R.F. jammer.</i> It blocks a wide spectrum of radio frequencies,</i> preventing people from detonating bombs by remote control.</i> it'll block all electronic transmissions in the area.</i> Cellphones, for example. Or wireless security cameras. The interior locks in an office suite are usually low-end...</i> just there to keep white-collar workers from stealing coffee cups.</i> File-cabinet locking bars, on the other hand,</i> are a more serious security measure. Their main vulnerability is that they depend on people's faith in padlocks.</i> People have too much faith in padlocks. Why are you out here? Cops said we had to leave. There's a bomb in the building. Don't care if there's a mushroom cloud. You're paid to guard the building. Get your asses in there and guard it. Now! Y'all hear that? Yeah. What was that? Air ducts in a modern office are 18 inches wide, so if you need to make a quick escape and you're older than 4,</i> you won't fit. A more viable option is the subceiling. Once you're in the subceiling, You can get to a bathroom or closet and make your way out from there.</i> Uhu. This... this can't be right, man. There was nothing in the files? You're sure you looked everywhere? I'm sure. And Valentine is asking questions, all right? I don't think I can hold him off much longer. Eddie has a prospectus for a tanning salon. He's got another for a car wash. He's shopping for a way to launder his money. He did a pretty good job of making it look like you stole the money. But if he suddenly has 2 million $ in his bank account - People are gonna ask questions. - Exactly. He's looking for a front business, a way to make it look like he actually earned this money. So he needs to clean his money. How does that help me? I'm gonna talk to Eddie. I'm gonna convince him that he should wash his money with me. And that is something you can take to Valentine. Okay. I just want an introduction, Barry. Chances are good that this guy Eddie is talking to friends of yours. I just want to make my pitch. And the next day, you do the Michael Westen thing, stuff starts exploding, and everyone's saying, "Hey, Barry, wasn't that guy a friend of yours?" Sorry. No can do. Sam's working up a cover I.D. for me. I'm just a guy from out of town, a friend of a friend. The blow won't get back on you. I give you my word. I guess I can work it through - some intermediaries. - Yes. - Doable. - Yes. - Expensive. - How much? To get someone to vouch for you, put you in the room with a guy... Say 5 grand? Promise nothing will happen to him, maybe I can do $3,000. $5,000 it is. Okay. Oh, Mike. Good timing. Check this out. Madras curry. Just take a little bit. Little sippy sip. Your mom's got me into these cooking shows. It's addictive as hell. How's the "protecting her from danger" show? I do a perimeter check once an hour. I just say that I need some alone time to ponder the whole Veronica thing. - Works like a charm. - What are you boys whispering about? Nothing, mom. Okay. Sam, did you get a chance to do that cover I.D. for me? You're Jimmy Glynn. Flashy real-estate developer/cash churner. I threw in some vague Boston mob connections just for good measure. What did I do... Oh. Here we are. Here's your business card. You're all set, brother. When you're working a target, it's all about getting a good read.</i> What makes him tick? Is he insecure? Does he have something to prove? You might only have a few seconds, but it all factors into your approach. Eddie Ash. - Right? - You must be Jimmy. Good to meet you, brother. Yeah, guy. Yeah. You're in the music business, right? What, are you a performer? A rapper? I hear the ladies go crazy for the music types. Am I right? I'm in management. Oh. rather not talk about my business, if you don't mind. No, not at all. I hear that a lot in my line of work. Let's get us some drinks. Sweet... Oh! Ooh! Ooh! Johnnie Walker blue on the rocks for me and my friend here. Wow. They don't make them like that in beantown. I hear you have a pretty good real-estate thing going on up there. Word is you're the best in the business. Yeah, yeah, you hear right. But... in my line of work, you got to move with the economy. Now, if I understand you, you want to wash some bills. I might. I might not. You're careful. I like that. What if I told you you could get a return on your investment in six months? Comes back clean, untraceable, plus a 30% to 40% profit, minus my cut. - I'd ask about the catch. - No catch. you get me, by the end of the week, $2 million... 2 million? This week? No worries, brother. Yeah, I hear this a lot. Fella's got a couple hundred g's to move, thinks he's a player, and he comes to Jimmy. Well, Jimmy's a seven-figures, Deep-end-of-the-pool kind of guy. So when you take off your floaties and you want to do some real business, you come to me. - You know what? I'm gonna get the check. - Hey! All right. It's not about the money, right? Sit. Come on, sit. It's just the time frame is all. What can I say? My investment group, we move fast. This is big-time, Eddie. Well, I'd need to see where this real estate is. I'm not investing in something if I can't see it. I wouldn't want you to. There's nothing in the world easier to get into</i> than an empty condo that's been on the market for six months.</i> Never mind picking the lock, you can just call and ask for the keys.</i> I mean, the way the Florida market is right now, I mean, it's a gold mine. I'm negotiating right now for this piece. I could pick this place up for 10, 15 cents on the dollar. - Yeah, but it's empty. - Yeah, that's the point. Eddie, listen. I take your cash under the table. I buy. Granite countertops, new appliances, new carpeting. We flip the property 'cause there's no receipts, there's no records. All that money comes back to you squeaky clean. - All right, I'll think about it. - Don't think too long. I got a couple of guys looking to move on this in 48 hours. Are you in? Are you gonna be in? Look at me. You in? I got to go. All right? I got to run. I'll be in touch. Eddie, it's not gonna last. Yeah. Valentine is calling everyone into the conference room for an emergency meeting in 10 minutes, and he is pissed. That must be where Eddie's heading. - What's going on? - I don't know, but it is not good. What do I do, man? Well, it's a risk, but if you run, you'll be running for the rest of your life. It's your call. I'll go. Leave the phone on. I'm gonna go get Fi. We're gonna be listening in. - So you got my back on this? - We're gonna do the best we can, but if it looks like something's going bad down there, get out. We should go in there. One or two bullets in the right place... Yeah, I think storming the building is probably not good for Ricky long-term. The meeting's starting. Loyalty... Respect... Standing tall. These are bricks I used to build this label from the street up. Without them... these platinum records got no place on my wall. Y'all a jumpy bunch today. Anybody in here got a reason to be jumpy? Last chance to come clean, people. No? I'm disappointed. Though I can't say I'm surprised. Marcus. You recognize this. Aftershock's debut album. Double platinum. Whose logo is that on this record? - Yours. - Mine's. And whose signature is on your paychecks? Yours, Valentine. That's right. So explain to me why you told Static Records you could deliver Aftershock if they brought you into the fold? Static Records? Man, I don't even... Eddie saw you kicking it at their offices. You take my artists, you take the cash out my pocket. Eddie. What do I do to thieves? - What you have to, Valentine. - What I have to. Rick... What you think? I think you're in a conference room full of witnesses, "V". My man. Always appealing to my better half. You know what, Marcus? Get your ass out of here. You forgetting something, homey? You wanted my record, right? Take it. Somebody come clean this up! Everybody out! Now! Let's go! Fi! Except you, Rick. Wait. Damn it. Fi. Figure out what happened to that guap, Ricky? Yeah. It looks like it was a bank error. I'm taking care of it, "V". Wait. Two days... I need to see that cash. Stand down. - Tell me you heard that. - Yeah, we heard that. Sounded like Eddie was letting Valentine know who he can trust. When Valentine finds that money gone, there's no question it's me that gets capped. Well, I'm not gonna let that happen. I'm seeing Eddie tonight. These are just Boston numbers. Miami numbers are gonna be even better. Bigger slide in the market. Now, I know this is a big move for you, Eddie, but I need a decision now. I need to approve spending. I wanna know where my money is at any point. You got it, brother. For me? Would you... hold this for a second? Victor, you should have called. I just can't figure out how you misunderstood this stays with you at all times. You ever pull another stunt like that, Michael, and, uh... well, don't pull another stunt like that. Now, a Chevy Impala's parked outside. We're going for a little ride tomorrow. - Doesn't that sound like fun? - I'm busy tomorrow. Yeah, you have been spreading yourself kind of thin lately. I was just talking to your waitress, Michelle. Great gal. She, uh... She tells me you're getting into real estate now, too. You're a real wicked skinner, you know that, Jimmy? I talk to you, now I got the FBI crawling all over the place. Oh, who's this? Another investor. if he don't want the feds camped out in his backyard, he should stay the hell away from Jimmy Glynn. Maybe that, uh... helped clear up your schedule. See you tomorrow, pal. Whoa. Hold on, hold on. So, he's not gonna move the money now? - He thinks I'm under FBI investigation. - FBI? I'm running out of time here, man. Valentine said, what, 48 hours? Most important thing is for you to stay calm. - Fi, can you? - I'll take care of him. Ricky, we need to talk. So, do you get much of a discount on Valentine's clothing line? When your cover's compromised, often, the best defense is a good offense.</i> Admit nothing, deny everything. Make counteraccusations.</i> You friggin' dubba. I ought to wring your neck. What the hell did you do to me? What? What are you talking about? I talk to you, and suddenly I got feds on my ass. - What are you saying? - What do you have to say about that? They came to my office! They came to my place of business! What? The FBI? Are you serious? Do I look like I'm joking? Now I got to kill my deals, all my investors are lost. I got to move my money offshore. Do you know how much of a bath I'm gonna take - plus my sterling reputation? - Okay, okay. - OK, OK. - Now, I'm gonna ask you this just once. Did you say anything to them? N-no, I didn't. They didn't... They didn't talk to me. I swear. All right, let's keep it that way. Luckily, moving money offshore is a Jimmy Glynn speciality. I'm sorry about the suit. We got to stick together on this, pal. If you hear anything, you see anything, you talk to me, all right? - You call me. Understood? - Yeah, I understand. Sam, I need a favor. I need you to take my mom on a field trip. I got to go see what this Victor project's about. Once somebody's watching for cops, they see them everywhere.</i> Anyone in dark sunglasses is FBI. Any car with tinted windows is a tail. Their paranoia does most of the work for you.</i> I still don't see the point of driving around taking pictures of hotels and condos. I mean, if you really want to find a new place, you know, you're gonna have to eventually go inside one, Sam. I know. I know. It's just that if I do, well, then it means it's really over with Veronica. It's just one of those psychological things, you know? I know. I went through the same stuff. You know, when Frank died? And it's hard, but you got to move on. I'm just not ready. Our shipment's coming in tomorrow afternoon. It'll be held in one of those loading bays there awaiting transfer. I'll go in and cut the bolts on the door and remove the object while you babysit the car and play lookout. - We've got an hour window, maybe less. - You sure you don't want me to grab it? And give you a chance to peek? Nice try, though. We drive for the drop and go our separate ways, you ditch the car. - Questions. - Just one. What are we taking, again? Bigger than a bread box, but it'll fit in the trunk, - that's all you need to know, sport. - That is not all I need to know, Victor. How heavy is the cargo? Are we talking about a big metal container or something fragile? If it's explosives, it will affect how I drive. Wooden crate, no explosives. Don't worry your pretty little head. What about the guards? Well, if they come by, you give me the heads-up. And then? I take care of them. Knowing what someone wants can tell you a lot about who they are,</i> so if what they want comes in a wooden crate</i> that you're not going to be allowed to open,</i> you might have to turn your trunk into a makeshift X-ray machine.</i> The tube from an old TV set is a good place to start.</i> As part of the projection process, they emit X-rays.</i> They're meant to handle around 30,000 volts.</i> Any more than that and they'll cook your eyes with radiation.</i> So pump 100,000 volts into one from a taser, and you won't be able to diagnose a hairline fracture,</i> but you'll get the basic idea. Yeah, Jimmy here. It's Eddie. We need to meet now. It's just like you said, Jimmy. The FBI's tailing me. They're taking pictures. Before, you said you could move cash o-offshore? Well, with the feds circling, got enough heat moving my own money. You gotta help me. Criminals are, as a rule, paranoid and self-serving.</i> So if you're using a criminal cover I.D. you can't be too helpful.</i> Sorry. I wish I could help you, guy... I really do... but it's risky. Too risky. Luckily, you can usually count on the other guy not to let you off easy.</i> All right, well... You know, if the feds take my money, then, uh... I guess I'll have to talk to them. And they seem pretty interested in you, so might be too risky to keep my mouth shut. Hey, hey, hey, hey. No need for that. How do the Seychelles sound to you? I got a bank out there who works with me. Fine. Sounds fine. I have one more loose end to tie before I move the money. Loose end? You said nobody else knew. They won't. Not for long. I got guys taking care of it right now. Good for you. Look at you. Look at you moving up. We should have a party, then. I should call some ladies, have them come over? Let's toast. Get me a bottle. Let's get a new bottle out here. - Sound good? - That sounds great. Fi, get over to Ricky's. Eddie's sending a hit squad. Yeah, you call Ricky. You tell him to stay low, find a good hiding place. If he shows up, they're gonna kill him. I'll bring some firepower, then. No, no, no. It can't look like you're helping him. Do something else... anything else. Just do it now. In any kind of covert operation, one of the toughest challenges</i> is using information that you're not supposed to have.</i> If going in guns blazing will blow your cover,</i> sometimes you've got to get creative. I know you're in there, Ricky! You come on out and face me like a man! Under the right circumstances, a well-placed rock...</i> ... is as good as a bullet. The good news is Eddie believes he's being investigated by the FBI and wants to move the money. The bad news is he's not gonna do it with you still alive, Ricky. So the only way to clear my name is to die a violent death? Great. Eddie has a Ricky problem. We'll help him solve it. Can you find out when Valentine's leaving the office today? Yeah. Sam, I need a favor. Can you stash my mom some place safe for a couple of hours? I reached out to some of my people. I found the source of your FBI problem. It's an accountant named Ricky Watkins. Yes. Damn it! Damn it! Now, if you're gonna move the money, you're gonna have to take him out. I know. That's the loose end I was talking about, okay? I sent guys, but then his girlfriend showed up or something. The whole street saw her. Looks like somebody's gonna have to get his hands dirty. What, you mean me? - Do it myself? - I got a gun. I stole it from a coke dealer up in Boca. Anybody traces it, it looks like Ricky was stealing to buy into drug business. You'll get away clean, but you got to do it right now. Oh, yeah, all right. I get it. Can't do anything for yourself. Been living off of Valentine's table scraps for too long. You call this table scraps? This... is limited edition. 10 people in the world have this watch. - What's so funny?! - Yeah, you got the car, you got the watch, but you're still living like a rat in the shadows, not manning up to your business. - You shut your mouth! - What are you gonna do? You gonna wait for your guys to come back into town and hide behind them like a rat while they shoot... One of the most difficult skills to master in combat is taking a dive.</i> Sometimes an operation demands that you lose a fight.</i> But it's the hardest thing in the world to see the opening</i> and let it go. All right, all right! Okay, okay, okay! I can take care of my business just fine! Let's do this, all right? Where's the gun? Merci beaucoup, sugar bloomers. Hey! I think I know you. Huh? Aren't you the singer rapper? - Is that Valentino? Valentine? - Yeah. I just got one thing to say to you. You're what's wrong with our country. Yeah, you call that music? What's going on there? First of all, what do you listen to, old-timer? Barbara Mandrell. Nothing wrong with that. - Kenny G, Captain & Tennille. - Whoa. That's, like, too gangster for me right there, man. I got something for you right here. A melody. Man, get this fool out my face. Oh, are these your gangstas? This is cool. Am I gonna get whacked? I'm hip-hopping now, man. Look at me! Bonjour. Want to take a ride, sugar bloomers? What the hell are you doing here? - Oh, come on, man. - Go. - Man, hey, hey! - Get down. Get down! Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, listen to me. All right, you don't have to do this. There's still time. We can make this right. No one needs to know. You know, I almost wish they did know. You couldn't have pulled off that scam, not in a million years. That was beautiful. That was mine. I never did anything to you, man. Why are you doing this to me? Oh, man. This is your fault, Ricky. I mean, why'd you have to push it, man? Why'd you have to go to the feds? Because it's not your money. The hell it isn't! I built that company! Me! Valentine was rapping for pocket change when I met him! I sold his CDs out of a van! He trusted you. He loved you. He loved me? He made a half a billion dollars. Me? I'm a financial adviser with a weekly paycheck. Yeah. "Oh, here, Eddie, take this car. Eddie, you know what? Have a watch." Table scraps. You know, between me and you, Ricky, I don't even like the music anymore. I can't stand it. I got to say, it feels good to do this myself. I should have stepped up like this a long time ago. What the hell? Oh, no, no. - Please. - Everybody out. - Valentine. - Except you, Eddie. No, wait, wait. Hey. Hey, man. It's me, man. - It's me. Let's talk. - Go ahead... Talk. - It's not like it looks, man. - Yeah, I see that. So your boy Eddie took a ride with Valentine on his yacht. Didn't come back. And I believe I owe you guys a little more than thank you. Oh, no, that's not necessary. On the other hand, Fi needs new shoes. Cover our expenses, we'll call it even. - That work for you? - Mm-hmm. I'm not gonna forget this. You ever need anything... I mean, anything... Just say hello to your brother for me. That's a deal. The incendiary rounds you asked for. Sounds like you're planning quite a party. You sure you don't need a date? Victor's an invite-only type. He's willing to make a few corpses just to get his hands on that box. I need to take a look inside without him turning this thing into a bloodbath. So shoot Victor and take a look. What's the problem? I take out one of their operatives, and then everyone I care about is in danger, including you. No, I want this to go off without a hitch. And that's where these come in? Just... wish me luck. Cute gun. Look at you. Notorious for causing brush fires, 12-gauge incendiary rounds create a small explosion</i> that burns at 3,000 degrees. It'll also stop a car pretty well. People don't drive when their tires are on fire.</i> Water sealant is a common sight around Miami</i> where it's used to protect buildings from hurricane flooding.</i> It's also extremely flammable, which means it can be useful in other ways, too.</i> I dont like your field tactics. I don't like your whining. Are you gonna pout all night? A little harmless gunfire attracts less attention than a double homicide. I warned you what would happen if you pulled another stunt, Michael. But that one had some style! Bet you're dying for a peek inside, aren't you? No. You know what you're meant to know. That's how it works, right, Victor? You're learning, Michael. I'll see you around. Osso buco. Newest weapon in my arsenal. Not bad, Sam. Bon appétit. I got to get going. I got an appointment to check out a townhouse. Looks right into a yoga studio. I'm proud of you, Sam. That's a big step. Thanks, Maddy. See you guys around. Uh, Sam. Didn't you forget something? Ooh, looks like bullets. I found them in your pants. I heard rattling around in the washing machine - when I was doing your laundry. - Yeah. 9 millimeter. Uh, hey. I don't know what to say. I'd say nothing. Nothing's good. Go with nothing. I hope Sam wasn't too much trouble, mom. We had a lovely time. But the next time, Michael, that you want someone to babysit me just tell me. Mom, I... What, you didn't think I was gonna figure it out? I mean, he insisted on coming to aqua aerobics with me. I'm sorry you had to see that. Thank you, Michael, for trying to protect me from... whatever it was. Did you bring the thing? My friend from the veterinary clinic said she'd never seen a species quite like this one. Sniper rifle. That's an awful lot of trouble to go through for a gun.