You're blacklisted. When you're burned, you've got nothing. No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in. - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you. - A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend... - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI... You know spies... A bunch of bitchy little girls. - Family, too... - Is that your mom again? - If you're desperate. - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... Until you figure out who burned you, you're not going anywhere. When you have to get information about an enemy position,</i> you have a choice. You can watch from a distance... slow and safe.</i> Or you can go inside and take a look...</i> quick, but potentially fatal. Mike, I'm just saying. For you to go waltzing in there, we don't have enough intel. The people who burned me got a specialized rifle for a sniper, got him an access card for this building, and sent him to the conference room on the fourth floor. - That's a fair amount of intel. - We don't know what he was doing there. You might be walking into a hornets' nest. Chance I got to take. What has he done since he was last here? Well, my fed buddy's been tracking his credit card. Your sniper's in Daytona, hitting all the strip clubs. I mean, Mike, do you think he's blowing off steam before he starts shooting? - Could be. - You sure you want to do this? They killed someone for this badge, and I went to a lot of trouble to steal it. Shame not to use it. Hey, Mike, what are you seeing up there? A mastermind petting a persian cat? No, the floor's empty. Empty? Why were they so hot to get their sniper in there? Who knows? Hang on a sec. Most people think snipers like to shoot from ledges.</i> The fact is, the best sniper position</i> is inside a room through an open window.</i> It hides the shooter, masks the report of a supersonic round,</i> and makes the muzzle flash impossible to see.</i> It's a sniper perch. He's scouting a perch, Sam. What's he gonna shoot at, Mike? The nearest building is miles away, and the freeway's not an issue. I think I found his target. Mike... You better scoot. Your burn-notice lady just showed up. Burn-notice lady? Yeah, your overseer, boss, manager, whatever. Get out of there! Good news, Mikey. I just planted a tracker on Carla's bike. You had a tracker on you? - "Always be prepared". Navy seal motto. - That's boy scouts. Are you gonna argue with the man who just planted a tracker on your handler? - Sam, I could kiss you. - Get in line. Subbers in Black presents... Transcript : www.YyeTs.net Synchro : Salomon www.subbers-in-black.com - Sam? - Hey, Mikey. To surveillance! - Were you careful booking this place? - Yeah, don't worry. Carla's not gonna know we're watching. Costs a few bucks, but we're clean. Trust me. You gotta love it. When you tail someone to a place that makes a good mojito. - Where is she now? - First chair all the way at the end. Tell me about Carla. She's got a hell of a breaststroke. - The woman can swim. She's a machine. - Good to know. About the assassination she's planning? Anything on that? If the sniper's hitting someone on the ferry, you're gonna have to ask tall, blonde, and evil down there who the target is 'cause there's no passenger list, you buy a ticket on the day. About security? Not much at the hotel. I don't think she wants to draw attention, I've been working my sources and checking on her room. Did I mention that the drinks here are just a little bit pricey? That should do it. You better not let Carla catch you with that access card. You may need it later. It's always a challenge hiding something sensitive</i> that you might need quickly. Any hiding place involves a trade-off between security and access.</i> Hiding something in the sewer main under your floor,</i> and it's secure, but good luck getting to it.</i> Hide something in your sock drawer, and it's easy to get to but hard to secure.</i> The best hiding places are easy to get to but tough to find.</i> The do-it-yourself versions are known in the spy trade as "slicks".</i> Easy to slip something in, easy to slide it out.</i> Fiona. And Campbell. Good to see you again. Got you a yogurt drink. Fiona said you'd like it. Thank you. Is this a social call? Oh, I think we've socialized enough for one day. It's purely business. Tell him. Yesterday, a call came in about a guy passed out on the street, and my ambulance was the first one on the scene. It was crazy. I mean, somebody had worked this guy over. Took a lot of blows to the stomach area. He was coughing up blood. I'd say this guy's in real trouble. I was kind of hoping maybe you and Fiona could talk to him. I know you guys help people. Now is... The timing couldn't be worse. Michael, Campbell almost got fired helping us with our last job. It's okay, Fiona. I know it's a lot to ask. If Michael's too busy... I'll handle it myself. Fi, stop. You shouldn't do this job alone. - So you're saying you'll talk to him? - Yes. Oh, man, that is great. Thanks, Mike. I work for a company that does private bodyguard work. And a few weeks ago, I met this guy Lesher. Says he was a corporate headhunter. He seemed like a good guy. But when he started asking about security procedures, I got suspicious, and I stopped returning his calls. A few days later, my best friend, a guy that I've known since I was 10, they said he committed suicide. I knew it wasn't true. It didn't make any sense. And then I got a call from Lesher. And he said that more people will die if I don't cooperate... or if I call the police. - They're planning a kidnapping. - Yeah. They're going after this Venezuelan family, the Arroyos. Oil money, I think. Whenever they come to Miami, they hire a bodyguard for each of the family members. You know who Lesher's planning to take? He wanted to know about the guard for the daughter, Isabella. I told him I hadn't assigned a team yet. He wanted files on all the guards, and I said no. And that's when he worked me over. He wants the personnel files tomorrow. The family... They get here in a few days. I don't know what to do. I'm gonna need those files and whatever else you have on the Arroyo family. I remember when kidnapping used to be a mom-and-pop business. Everything's going corporate these days, Fi, even kidnapping. Isabella needs a new bodyguard. Lucky me. I guess I'll need a company personnel file. I can do that. Give you a drinking problem, some money issues, ex-wife, couple kids. You'll be the easiest target to get leverage on. Since when are you so enthusiastic about doing paperwork? I just want to do a good job. You like him that much? Campbell. Yeah, maybe. What do you think of him? He's nice. Listen... I need to go over to my mom's for this family thing. I'll call you later. Hey, Mike! Come on in! Why the celebration? Nate's starting a limo company. I figure, why should I drive someone else's car when I could just drive my own, right? A limo company? Do you even have a car? He does now! I took a loan out on the house. Okay, look, bro, I know what you're thinking. You let mom take a loan out on the house? He didn't let me do anything. I wanted to help him. - Mom, what if... - If he screws it up? I'm just saying. Nate! No, I know what you were saying. I deserve that. Enjoy the champagne. Nate worked really hard on this. - Couldn't you support him a little? - Mom, given his track record, if things go wrong... Well, it's off to a really good start, Michael. Thanks a lot. Guess I'll let myself out. It's all right, Henry. There's no one around. Lesher called again. He wants those files. And you're going to give them to him. He's going to go through the files and make you choose a guard for Isabella - that he thinks he can control. - And it's you? How do you know he'll pick you? I've kind of done this thing before, Henry. A recently divorced alcoholic with money problems... he'll open my file and think it's Christmas. - And then? - Then I let slip some information that convinces him this kidnapping isn't worth the trouble. - Is there anything I can do? - Just play ball. It's my job to make him walk away from the game. He looks a little jittery. You think he'll hold it together? Fear is the greatest motivator. I don't know about that. Look at why you're doing this. - What does that mean? - Well, you wanted to protect me. - What are you doing it for? - I wanted to make Campbell happy. Here we go. That must be Lesher. And the muscle. He better go for it. If I did all that paperwork for nothing, I'm gonna shoot someone. When an operative recruits someone, he lets the target make the first move.</i> He'll dress like him, drink like him, move like him,</i> but he won't talk to him. He'll wait to be approached. I'm not saying she deserved nothing, but half? If I'd known we're gonna get divorced, I'd have had her come to the office and do half my job. Know what I'm saying? Besides, after I pay a lawyer and get a new place, what am I left with? - Squat. - Exactly. You want to hear a funny story about my divorce? Sure. Me too. Another round. On me. To my friend at the end of the bar. I'm not asking for too much, okay? Can I get you anithing else? Well, just, you know, just come back. That's all I'm asking, but... Just a wife who doesn't just get on my ass about, you know, "stop drinking" all the time, "come to church" all the time. For Christ's sake. You know, a decent job, a decent paycheck... is that too much to ask for? So, you never told me. What exactly do you do, Brad? Special forces, you know, officer... 15 years. Now I carry a tennis bag for a spoiled little rich girl. I work for a bodyguard company. It's a joke. How about you? Well, it's not too far from your line of work. I do security testing. What a coincidence! You ex-military? I spent some time in the service. You should really think about coming into my side of the biz. - Nah, it's all just b.s., you know? - Think about it. What kind of training do they do at your company? When selling yourself as a traitor, you can't be too eager.</i> A good op will walk away from a recruitment</i> that seems to good to be true. That's confidential. Why are you asking me these questions? I'm sorry. If I want to offer you a job, I should just come out and say so. I just think it's a shame to see a man with your... talents wasted on a job that's beneath him. If you're interested, give me a call tomorrow. Surveillance is the leading cause of weight gain among operatives.</i> In a job that's equal parts boredom and tension,</i> eating is a way to pass time and calm nerves.</i> Whatever Carla's up to, it's something big. Lots of meetings, international types, nobody we know. If you want to get in her room, now would be the time. Sure, I'll just teleport myself over there. - Or do you have a better suggestion? - You could use this master key. I copied up to the housekeeping manager. The stuff I had to do to get that, you don't even want to know. Whatever you had to do, it was worth it. What's the security like in Carla's room? She's got a facial-recognition computer at the door. Anybody unauthorized sets off an alarm. That's the room-service guy. He's authorized. Call me if Carla makes a move and order yourself some dessert. You earned it. I'm all over it, buddy. Doesn't have to be food? Facial-recognition systems are often used to replace human guards</i> since they're cheap, they don't sleep, and they can't be bribed.</i> They have a big weakness, though. Unlike guards, computers can't tell the difference</i> between a photocopy of a face and a face.</i> When you search a spy's room, you don't waste time checking the safe.</i> You have to assume they're as creative as you are.</i> Slicks come in all shapes and sizes. Yeah, Sam. Carla's meeting's wrapping up, Mike. Time to go. - Find anything? - We hit the jackpot. Looks like you found Carla's whole file on this operation, Mikey. Yeah, but the name of the sniper's target is not in there. Maybe the supreme overlords haven't given it to her yet. If you get it before Carla, that might be enough to get you off the blacklist. Worth a try. Well, there's some familiar faces in here. - You know who this is? - No. Maybe he's another operative. I think we're getting close. Well, I got to get back to the hotel. I'll let you know if she makes a move. Thanks, Sam. - Hey, go easy on the mojitos. - They always go easy on me. The Arroyo family arrived in town yesterday. You were right. Lesher asked me to put you on Isabella's security. You're gonna take her from the house to the country club. Here's your key. That's your car right out there. You're doing fine, Henry. Just try to relax. Lesher's asking for a schedule. And you're gonna give it to him. You're gonna keep cooperating with him. Lesher's gonna get a whole lot of information about Isabella's security tonight, and he's not gonna like what he hears. There's an art to drinking without getting drunk.</i> Start with a lot of ice to dilute the alcohol.</i> Order a new round before you're done so your half-full drink gets taken away.</i> And, of course, spill. No worries. I got it. You want to talk business, let's talk business. Yeah, we deal with high-end clients. We're always looking for good people... like you. I know your time's valuable, so... I'll make it worth your while to hear me out. A thousand bucks. Just for considering my offer. Here's the deal, Brad. If I'm gonna hire you, I need to see you in action. And I know it's against regulations, but... I'm in a bit of a bind here. You got to work with me a little. Check me out tomorrow when I drive little Miss Sunshine to her tennis match. But be careful that you're not seen. They always hire extra security. Extra security aside from you? They got two more guys locked and loaded... watchers watching the watchers. Can you believe that? For one girl. - Two more cars. Seriously? - See for yourself. They got more money than sense. - Another drink. Another drink? - Why not? Princess. This job sounds good. Hey, do you think you could drop me off at the Hilton? I got kicked out of... you know, Amanda... she kicked me out of staying there. Can you... Yeah, no problem. A cover I.D. that involves drinking comes with a price.</i> But the tactical advantages make the hangover worth it.</i> How'd it go with Lesher? Told him about the security, and I got a bug in his car. Time for a demonstration of Isabella's air-tight detail. Sam's in the Buick. Who's the other member of our little team? I was thinking about calling Nate. I was hoping you could monitor the bug from here. Nate? You're asking your brother for help on the job? I'm trying to be supportive. Is that my last yogurt? There's some tuna tahini in the oven. Your favorite. Campbell made it. He's so grateful you're helping Henry. You know me... anything for Campbell. By the way, you never told me what you thought of him. I told you. No, he's nice. I'm just gonna go out and pick up some yogurt. Be right back. Hello? Michael. Carla, so good to hear from you. I got an interesting report today. Someone used a key card to get into a certain office building. - <i>Know anything about that?</i> - Key card? All the key cards I had, I gave to you. Is that so? But if I hear anything, you're my first call. Let me get a pen. What's your number? Word of advice... there are things in the works that are far, far over your head. Stay out of them or there will be consequences. You know me... good little soldier. Good night, Michael. Mike, you want some of these? They got plenty of them. Mints, too. I mean, they keep restocking the room. It seems a shame to waste them. So I tried to get ears on her with the directional Mike, but whenever they're out in the open, it's just small talk. She's good at what she does. So she called you, huh? Do you think she knows anything? Maybe. Maybe not. It doesn't change much. We still have to watch and learn. At least she's locked down here. Tight enough that I can borrow you to be my extra bodyguard? Yeah, sure, if we make it quick. I can get back before she's done swimming. At least try the shampoo, Mike. It smells really good. I got to be honest with you, bro. I didn't expect you to call me with a limo job. You didn't seem too hot on the idea. As someone who has lent you money in the past, I was a little concerned. I'm not gonna screw this up. I want you to know that. I'm turning things around. All right, I just drive up the street, and then I look at you and some girl. - You sure that's all you want me to do? - That's it. Sit there and don't smile. Not exactly what I expected for my first job. It's more important than taking people to the airport. Trust me. You know what? I'm gonna frame this. Well, maybe I'm gonna break this up into smaller Bills and frame one of them. Thanks, Mike. Operatives do a lot of bodyguard work.</i> On any given day, the average commando</i> is more likely to be watching a V.I.P. walk his dog</i> than engaging the enemy in battle. Not glamorous, but part of the job. You're cute. Do you speak Spanish? Oh, no español. Thanks for drive me. No problem. No... problemo. So serious. How was tennis? Fine. What's wrong? I'm listening to the bug in Lesher's car. They were impressed with the extra security, but this is more than a kidnapping for money. Listen. - <i>It doesn't matter.</i> - <i>Well, it does matter!</i> They got both sides of the street covered!</i> - <i>The plan was that...</i> - <i>I know what the plan was!</i> But the people that paid for this job have a multinational oil concession</i> riding on us getting that girl. We have to find a way.</i> Sounds like Lesher needs a little more convincing. - Michael, you don't have to... - Fi... we both know I have to. Did you see me in action today? Yeah, I saw you. Yeah, and how many others? I mean, you could send a Delta Force team after that kid, and you wouldn't even scratch her tennis racket. I mean, it's a waste of my time. When can I start with you? - We need to talk. - Can we start talking about salary? 'cause if I'm gonna make a move, I got to give notice. - Who's your friend? - That's what this talk's about, my man. What are you doing? You want a new job? I'll give you a new job. - You're gonna help us take the girl. - No, no, no. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Brad! You cashed my check. How's that gonna look for your company? Or to the cops? I own you, Brad. You're mine. - Oh, god! I can't do this. - We just need the girl. You need to get her away from the other security team. You're gonna get her isolated, hand her over to us, and you can walk away. I can't do that. You need to do as you're told, or life's gonna get real short real quick for your ex and your kids up in Orlando. Now, do you understand me? Yeah. I understand. Thought you would. Just hold still. So, what's happening? Lesher's gonna take Isabella? I thought there was a plan. This isn't just a snatch-and-grab for kidnapping insurance. Someone's putting the pressure on her father's oil business. - There's a lot at stake. - So that's it? He's just gonna take her, and there's nothing we can do? It's trickier now, Henry, but I'm hoping I can still get him to call it off. How? If Lesher thinks Michael's gonna blow the job, go to the cops, then hopefully he'll decide there's no way he can pull it off. But he said he'd kill you. I know. I just have to make him believe that I don't care. - Have you been drinking? - A little. A little. I just... I can't sleep, and... with my divorce and now what's... what's going on with this, it's... I just can't take much more of it. Would you shut up and pay attention? I'm gonna be parked right there. You bring her out of the club 5 minutes early, we'll grab her - before the security team gets here. - What if she runs? She's not gonna run. We're gonna drug her, all right? Day after tomorrow, she'll be out of the country. Well, what about the other security detail showing up early? Just make sure they don't, Brad. If anything happens... I mean anything, you're dead. Anybody who runs a few assets knows that some crack under the pressure.</i> You have to be tough enough to keep them in line,</i> supportive enough to keep them stable.</i> Let me help you with that. I don't know if I can do it. I just... I don't think it's in me. It's a piece of cake, man. It's a piece of cake. - No, no, I can't. You just... - Brad! Trust me. This is not my thing. Go home. Sober up. You can do this. Here's your top. - Yeah, Sam? - <i>Yeah, Mike, I got some news.</i> You know how my FBI buddy was tracking Carla's sniper, running his cards? Well, the bar crawl is over. He's back in town. And our girl Carla has had a very busy meeting schedule this morning, Think the sniper's gonna do his thing soon. - Keep me posted. - Will do. And you better wrap up this kidnapper business. I'm trying, Sam. I'm trying. When someone turns you into an asset, their main weapon is fear.</i> Is Brad the security guard ready to change his life? Just about. If you fear poverty or exposure or death,</i> that's what they use against you. Their worst nightmare, then, is an asset with no fear.</i> Lesher, it's Brad. Are you drunk? Why are you calling me now? It's 3:00 in the morning. What the hell are you... I'm not doing it. I'm not helping you kidnap that girl. What? Brad, we went over this. I couldn't sleep tonight. So I came down, I started watching tv, and... there was this Bible program on. And it was like... it was like they were speaking to me. And suddenly I realized for the first time, you know? I saw. Wait. What... the Bible? They said this thing... "as iron sharpens iron," so man sharpens another man." And I realized, Proverbs 27:17... that's you and me. You showed me the way. - Have you been drinking? - No, I'm done with that. No more drinking. No more hate. You, guys at work, my ex-wife... you're all angels sent to test me. What are you talking about? The kidnapping... I'm not gonna do it. I'm not gonna help you kidnap that girl. I see that. Now. It was all a test. Brad, listen to me! You breathe one word of this, and you're dead. Don't you see I'm not afraid? I'm not afraid anymore. I'm not afraid of death. I'm not afraid of anything. I'm free. We should meet. Listen to me carefully, Brad. You're in this. You're a part of this already. If this gets out... I will be punished. I know. I accept that. What is this? A confession? It's my sins... Our sins. Like they say, "Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death..." - Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! - "... I will fear no evil." "I will fear no evil, for thou art with me." You want to kill me, kill me. Do it. Do it. I deserve it. I deserve it. And all these people will bear witness to my sacrifice. I am ready to be judged. Forget it. Forget it. We call it off. It was a test, all right? I'm an angel, I was testing you, and you passed. Just go home. It's over. Blowing an operation is a delicate business.</i> You have to convince your opponent to abandon his plans,</i> make a case that the smart move is to just pack up and go home.</i> Problem is, even when you do your job well,</i> people don't always go with the smart move.</i> Lesher sent you to kill me, didn't he? Well, then, you need to make a phone call. You'll tell him you did the job, but you got hurt and you had to go to the hospital. You're gonna spend time in your trunk. How does that sound? Hold that thought. Michael, it's Henry. I just got a call from Lesher. The kidnapping's on for this afternoon. He made me assign a new security guard. He's going to kill the guy, and he wants me to help him. I'm supposed to meet them at the country club. I get the guard away from Isabella, saying that there's... there's a mix-up at headquarters, and then Lesher... he drives up, he's gonna grab her - while the other guy shoots the guard! - I'm not gonna let that happen. - Calm down. - Calm down? I'm supposed to meet him in half an hour. And you still will. Henry, Lesher still has to believe you're cooperating. If you try anything right now, he's got every reason to kill you and no reason to keep you alive. - I don't think I can. - Yes, you can. Listen to me. I'm gonna take care of this. You just do what they say. And when you see me, Henry, run. Run... when I see you. - When you see me. - Okay. You ready? They're gonna be here soon. I still don't like this. I mean... You don't have to like it. You just have to do it. She's here. Who is that? Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Get her inside now! Okay. Go! You thought you could kill me? I gave you a chance to be redeemed! But you turned your back! These are your sins, Lesher, here on this paper! Do you hear them coming?! They will find everything you've brought to kidnap that poor girl! And you will be judged! I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't responded to that 911 call. Thank you. Really. They did all the heavy lifting, so... Well, whoever Lesher was working for must have been pretty disappointed. I heard he tripped and fell on a knife last night in jail. - He fell on a knife? - You're safe, Henry. But keep your mouth shut about all of this. No problem. The family's keeping this really quiet. They're really stepping up the security. Oh, Isabella... she's been asking why you're not around anymore. - What do I tell her? - Tell her Brad the security guard had to take some time off for some personal issues. What do you think of Campbell? You haven't told me. Why is it so important what I think about your boyfriend? - 'cause I want you to like him. - I'm happy that he makes you happy. Give me a real answer, Michael. - Oh. Saved by the phone. - Yeah, ma? - <i>Michael, what is going on?</i> - What do you mean? What's wrong? There are cops here, and they're arresting your brother!</i> Ma, I didn't do anything! I swear! Tell him. They said it's about his limo company, that it's some kind of a front laundering money or something. It's ridiculous! Tell him not to say anything. Michael, I got a call from some woman. And she said that... that Nate is in serious trouble. I could lose my house. And she said, Michael, to tell you that you should stay out of people's business.</i> - Her name was Carla. - I'm gonna call you back. Sam, is Carla there? Just about to call you, brother. Something's up. She's on the move. I need a ride. Well, there's our mystery operative. Any idea what's going on, Sam? No, she just checked out of the hotel and came over here. That's it. Just say the word, Michael. I have a nice rifle in the trunk of my car. Tempting, but since she's the only one who knows what's going on, I might want to keep her alive. There's a reason they call the spy trade the hall of mirrors.</i> You can never know for sure whether you're in control or you're being played.</i> But if you do it long enough, you learn to trust your instincts.</i> - It's a setup. - What? - What are you saying? - She knows we're here. She's gonna have her sniper take his target out now. She wants me here watching when it happens. - How can you be sure, Mike? - I can't, but it's how I would do it. Last ferry's in an hour. If I get home and get that access card, I can get to the sniper before he shots. Sounds good. I'll get to his house, see if I can catch him there. Still leaves me free to shoot Carla. Just saying. As soon as I leave, they'll be on me. Can you? Yes, I can. Unlike cars, motorcycles don't have much of an aftermarket in stolen parts.</i> So antitheft measures are outdated and easy to get around.</i> The steering lock on a smaller bike breaks fairly easily.</i> Then it's just a matter of getting away.</i> When you're tailed by multiple vehicles, you're at a disadvantage.</i> They can flank you, take alternate routes, box you in.</i> It helps to have a team of you're own.</i> The electronic stability program was originally developed</i> to help keep cars from sliding on icy roads.</i> But it's a great tool for the precision driver.</i> When you need to slide, you can simply turn it off...</i> ... and turn it on again when you need to maneuver.</i> A semi has about 4 feet of clearance under it.</i> Sliding beneath it on a motorcycle is possible, but risky.</i> Too low, and the pavement will grind you to a pulp.</i> Too high, and any part of your body that hits the trailer</i> will no longer be part of your body. - Did you make it to the sniper's house? - Yeah, I got some news, Mikey. The sniper's dead. Dead? Why would anyone... I don't know, but it's pretty nasty. Something is very wrong. I don't get what's going on. They went to a lot of trouble to put this guy in place. Slow down. Just tell me. What happened, Sam? How?