You're blacklisted.</i> When you're burned, you've got nothing...</i> no cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI...</i> You know spies, a bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too</i> - Is that your mom again? - if you're desperate. - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... as long as you're burned,</i> you're not going anywhere. When you prepare for a mission, it's the little things that count.</i> Firepower is great, but an operation is more likely to be saved</i> by a fresh set of batteries than a gun.</i> Bring a camera. - That's all about this gig? - Strickler plays it close the vest. - And you're going right along with it? - I don't have much choice. If I want my old job back, he's the guy that can make it happen. The fact he's a weasel doesn't give you pause? Fi, right now he's the only dance partner I have. You know what I mean. He's my ticket back in, Fi. - Fiona Glenanne, always a pleasure. - Pleasure's all yours. Okay, well, I'd love to stay and chat, but Michael and I have work to do. Ready to go, Michael? Michael, I know how much this job means to you... But if it doesn't feel right, promise me you'll walk away. Fi, I have to go. I sense you're not entirely comfortable with this arrangement, Michael, so I just wanna remind you what's at stake. You do this, and you have my word, the powers that be will review your burn notice. Your word? Laugh if you like, but I wouldn't be driving an Aston Martin if I didn't know how to keep a promise. - You'll get your call from Washington. - Tell me about the job. That is a safe house for an American intelligence agency, and they use it to store weapons for missions abroad. Now, what if I told you I know the exact moment it's left unguarded? Don't worry. I'm not asking you to steal them. Somebody's already taking care of that. I got word that thieves were ripping off a stash of military equipment. We should alert the owners. We will, but timing is everything. Now, I paid a hefty sum to learn they're selling the stuff on Friday, but nobody knows the buyer or the location. That's where you come in, superstar. The crew has a cleaner. Give this man a prize. He's the key to tracking the sale. I'm no ace operative, but a picture of his license plate would be helpful. Heists are like parties. The worst part is cleaning up. Someone has to stay behind to get rid of all the evidence.</i> Of course, tidying up after a heist often involves methods</i> not suitable for parties. Moment of truth. - You going somewhere? - Going out with Ms. Reynolds. Got new underwear and everything. Buddy of mine's gonna loan me his villa. Got a full bar, hot tub with a 14-jet water-massage system. Nice. Any luck running that license plate for me with your cop buddies? Yeah, but Mike, I mean, come on. Are you really working with Strickler? - The guy's a parasite. - He can help clear my name. I don't get to be choosy. Anyway, look, the car was rented with a stolen visa, so that's no surprise, but get this. Same card bought gas three times in a neighborhood in Doral. And? The only place that doesn't ask for ID when you check in is the Wages Motel. I'll bet you a minty mojito that's where he's hiding out. Great work. I need to get eyes on him before he makes a move. Hold your horses there, cowboy. The motel is across the street from a bingo parlor. You won't blend in with the senior citizens, we gotta set up a rotating surveillance in a storefront down the street. Do me a favor. That kind of wrecks the top of them. Just a little fold is good. Do you have a better idea? Don't shut me down right away, Mike, but I'm thinking this could work better if we had someone who could blend in with bingo. Somebody we trust, someone close to home. You talking about my mom? It's a watching job, so there'll be other people around. She should be fine. I'll talk to her. About that, I should mention... She's been a little out of sorts since the roof started leaking. Leaking? How bad we talking? Pretty bad. For some crazy reason, she thinks it has to do with the time I blew up the house. Strictly need-to-know, Mike. Anyway, FI's in there helping clean up. Will there be any shooting? No, mom, no shooting. All you'll be doing is watching. Damn it! See? Every time it rains, I'm telling you, this place turns into Noah's ark. Mom, I'll fix the roof. I need your help. Fine. It'll be good to get out of the house. I'll get my purse. Really, Michael? It's one thing to do this job but involving your mom? I'm adapting to the needs of the operation. Mike, you're there. Thank god. It's Barry. Look, you know all those favors you owe me? - I'm calling in all of them. - I'm right in the middle of something. I'm at the Carlito, and bring Fiona, 'cause this could get a little... violent. Yeah, I'll be right there. - What's going on, Barry? - Someone stole my ledger, Mike. The list of my clients and all the accounts where I... protect their money. So, it's like a little black book for money launders? Only instead of blondes named Chloe, I got a bunch of angry rich guys who will dismember me when they find out it's gone. You keep that all written down in one place? Yeah, I know. It's part of my sales pitch. You keep data on a computer, it's like open season for hackers and the IRS, so I run things old-school, you know? Anyway, I got a phone call this morning. This new friend, he wants $5 million by Thursday or he's gonna sell the ledger! And if somebody starts blackmailing my clients, it's like... Seriously? You're gonna make me beg? I need help, Mike. I say beg. We're not gonna make you beg. Any idea who's behind this? I kept him in a private storage space I took out under an alias. Could someone have followed you to it? When I got there, I keep an eye over both shoulders simultaneously. Was anything else in your storage space besides the ledger? No, it was just the ledger, some cash, and a little paperwork Amy asked me to hold on to. Girlfriend. We're going on three months now. This scumbag stole her will and the deed to her house. She's gonna be pissed, and when Amy gets pissed... You ever hear of a trojan horse? You put a tracker on a document, you give it to someone to hide... Follow the signal back to the place. A tracker on a document? They can do that? Standard technique. That's impossible. Amy's in Atlanta taking care of her aunt. She was out of town the same week that the ledger disappeared? What, you don't think Amy... Come on, she's my special lady. Oh, man. Don't worry, Barry. We'll sort it out. All right, we've got some lucky people here today. Anyone trained in counter-surveillance knows most field ops</i> are between 22, when people finish training,</i> and 55, when they retire, which is why even wary operatives don't usually pay attention</i> to kids or anyone on social security.</i> How was that? - Casual enough? - It's just fine, Maddy. You're just playing bingo. Just think of this as a normal afternoon.</i> A normal afternoon, I'd be in my aqua-aerobics class, not being afraid someone's gonna shoot at me. No one's gonna get shot. Just keep a low profile. Now, if you see our guy, don't stare, don't take pictures, don't do anything. Just call us, okay? Just remember, low profile, Maddy. I got it, Sam. Under the "I", 26. I-26. Bingo! We have a winner! I still think we're wasting our time going after Amy. Her aunt Sandy has, like, type-2 diabetes. Stay calm, Barry. Michael's just doing a perimeter check. We have a Range Rover parked out back, music blaring inside the house. Either aunt Sandy made a miracle recovery or Amy never left town. - I bought her that car. - Love is a fragile thing. Wait here. We'll be right back. Fresh scratches. Looks like someone beat us to it. - You're trespassing. - You must be Amy. I don't know who you are, but you've got five seconds to get the hell off my property. No need for drama. We wanna have a conversation. I warned her. A ledger? I don't know anything about it. I could sue. Amy, you think people running a $5-million extortion scheme are gonna let you walk away? You're a loose end. There's a trembler switch under the driver's side of your car. Not bad work. Put any weight on it, it will blow up like it's made of solid gasoline. Somebody wants you dead, Amy. You want to tell us what's going on? A trembler switch? Right, whatever you say. I'm calling the cops. I think a demonstration is in order. Wait a minute. That's my car! What are you doing? Oh, my god! Trembler switch. Voilà. But he was gonna pay me $100,000. I like Barry, but 100k, are you kidding me? - Do you remember his name? - I can't remember his name. He was some kind of foreign. - Where did you meet him? - At a house in Coconut Grove. Okay, that's all I know! I swear to god! It's time to leave town, Amy. A window? I mean, shouldn't we just pick the lock on the door, like civilized people? The back door is too exposed. Searching a pre-furnished house is pretty straightforward.</i> Without a lot of furniture or customized safes,</i> there aren't many great hiding places.</i> So once you've checked all the usual "slicks",</i> the spots pros would use, you're stuck calling it a day or ripping out the drywall.</i> It's not here, Mike. You've got company. Get out of there, Michael. Time to go? We leave now, they'll know we were here. - Barry's ledger disappears forever. - What exactly are you proposing, Mike? We owe him, Sam. Man and a woman. Get out of there. Get out of there. Welcome home. We need to talk. - Oh, my god. Oh, my god. - Shut up! That's no way to treat a lady. - Tell us where the ledger is. - You want to know where it is? Fine. I'll tell you. I was afraid something like that was gonna happen. Hey, lady? Stop that. Get some pillowcases. We're gonna need head bags. Head bags? Oh, goody. - So, you just kidnapped him? - Not so loud, Barry. We swept the house. There's no ledger. We're gonna have to ask our new guests where to find it. So break out the electrodes. I heard you can attach them to a car battery, spark it up, and... Torture just gets you the fastest lie to make the pain stop. Mikey and me will interrogate them, so don't worry your spiky little head. - They'll talk. - Can you do it quick? I got clients coming, and without the ledger, I don't know where their money is. About that. You should avoid your clients for a while. I'm known for my customer service. Don't you think it'll be suspicious if I stop taking calls? Dodge calls now or bullets later. Fair enough. All right, I'll be in touch. I guess we better get at it. Running out of time before Ms. Reynolds and I blow town. I don't wanna mess things up, but this might take a while. Plus, I need a big private space to work two captives at the same time. How many days do you and Ms. Reynolds have that villa? Mike, if there's one thing you would never do to me, it's ruin my love-capade with Ms. Reynolds. I mean, come on, you cannot expect me to just... You know, Mike... Sometimes it's hard being your friend. Straight-up. I gotta call Ms. Reynolds, explain why she's not getting her Sammy time. She's not gonna like it. I'm sure she'll get by. - Yeah, mom? - Michael, he's here. Your cleaning friend. He just parked his car. - Calm down. - I know what I'm doing. If you want to know where he goes, you better get over here. Great work, mom. Yeah, well, don't forget my roof. I know, mom. She found the cleaner. I should probably help Sam with the interrogations. Could you... Set up a tail on him, see if he scouts a location for his deal. Thanks, Fi. The bar inside, Mike. Nine different kinds of rum. Now, Ms. Reynolds and rum? I'm sorry we're using your love nest as a holding cell, Sam. Well, I just didn't expect to be wearing pants here. Look, I'm over it, all right? I stuck the lady in a bedroom. Big guy's cooling his heels in a utility space under the house. - It's kind of like a dungeon. - Any idea who we're dealing with? Neither one had ID. He just had some money, this key chain, and some smokes. She had some kleenex... And this. Nothing like a personal memento to find a soft spot, so I'll take a run at her while you work the big guy. 'cause, you know, Mike, - I got a way with the ladies. - Yes, you do. That Marmaduke, he'll never learn. Do you like Marmaduke? I see. The silent treatment. You know, it's a great anti-interrogation method, as long as you can keep it up for a couple of weeks. What do you people want? She speaks. Well, for starters, you can tell me your name, where you're hiding the ledger, and we'll just go from there. Natalie, I'm a property manager, and I don't know anything about your ledger, okay? - Tell me about your friend. - He's a monster! And you're just an innocent doe in the woods, is that it? You wouldn't understand. I have a son, and he needs me. Please let me go. Let me make something very clear to you. Until we get what we want from your friend, you're not going anywhere. If it takes a day or a month. So, now that we're on the same page, anything you want to add? You're totally gonna kill me, aren't you? Work in the field long enough, you recognize hard targets</i> for interrogation. People who shut down</i> at the first hint of confrontation. Best way to get them talking? Avoid confrontation</i> as long as possible. I want to apologize about earlier. I didn't mean to hurt you. Now, you and I, we both want the same thing. For all of this to just go away. Are you one of Barry's clients? Well, let's just say I work for a man, a very private man, who has kept some money off-book. Barry has been taken care of. Regrettable, but necessary. You understand, Mister? Washington. George Washington. Mr. Washington, your friend is going to... crack. And when she does, you will cease to be useful. I don't wanna see that happen. I still think we can have a friendship. I've known this woman for three days. She doesn't even know my name. Ask her what you want. You'd be surprised what I can do with a little information. I wanna make you an offer of friendship. You tell me where the ledger is, and you go free. You don't... - It's just a matter of time. - If I tell you, your boss will have me killed, like Barry. But I have an insurance policy. If I don't show up for the sale, a friend posts it on internet. A private man like your boss, he won't like that. You have a gun to my head. I have one to yours. - Who shoots first? - I'll get back to you on that one. - Everything all right in there? - Yeah. Just super. How'd it go with the boss? He knows we're in the dark. He's not gonna crack unless we get more intel. - What did you get out of her? - I was reeling her in, and then bam! Niagara falls. She's got more to give, but she's scared, Mike. Real scared. Nice place. Don't rub it in. Well, I should get back in there. Sure you don't think you should lay off? Well, she's a delicate flower, but lucky for us, I got a green thumb. I tailed your cleaner to a park. He scouted it for an hour. If I know my arms deals, that's where his deal's going down Friday. Thank you, Fi. Would you stop thanking me, please? You have any idea who would pay Strickler for this job? I'm just taking a few pictures. It's not like I'm doing wet-work or something. It's not like anyone got blackmailed or killed from a few pictures, right? Have you thought about who Strickler's getting you into bed with? All right. I'm pulling the rip cord here. We need a whole new approach, Mike. What would you think about using a softer approach? You're looking to me for "softer"? You two are desperate. There's a reason fear often fails as an interrogation technique.</i> Most interrogation subjects are already scared.</i> Scaring them more doesn't help. What they need is a friend.</i> I thought you might want some tea. I'm Kim. He's cute. His name is Jared. Look, I know you want to get back to Jared. We want you to get back to him, but you're gonna have to talk to us. I don't know anything. I'm in real estate, for God's sake. A lot of people are in real estate. They aren't usually in your situation. I know what it's like to make some mistakes. How'd you get yourself into this? I'm a single mom, and times are tough. So sometimes I take a little extra cash from people and let them use places off-the-books. You know, like foreign guys who want a condo for their girlfriend. Three days ago, he shows up. He says that he heard of me, that he'll hurt my son if I don't do what he wanted. He took my money and my passport, and then he made me drive him around. Used me as his own personal real-estate agent, and... For other things. Son of a bitch. I'm sorry that it happened to you. But isn't that all the more reason to help us? We can take him down together. I have to get to my sister's 'cause that's where... I left my son, with her. The people I'm working for are not letting anyone go unless they get what they want. But I don't know anything! Maybe you know more than you think. Tell me about these properties you showed him. I showed him tons. I wouldn't even know where to begin. Did he look at any place more than once? There was a condo. He said that he need something near the airport. A safe in a fireplace. With its own ventilation system. Time to go shopping. Used in embassies to store secrets, burn safes depend on an internal ignition device to start a fire.</i> Pump in liquid CO2, and, if you do it right,</i> you can turn that ignition device into a popsicle.</i> Do it wrong, you turn everything inside the safe to a pile of ash.</i> No ledger. But... Natalie Rice. He had her passport, just like she said. Our mystery man, Milovan Dragas. Who have we here? Bennett Tash. He must be very important to have made Milovan's burn safe. How you doing? Good to see you again. I'm Finley, and I'm told that you go by the name George Washington. I gotta tell you, love the name. Rolls off the tongue a lot easier than Milovan. I want a cigarette. Your life. What were you before you became a rich man's errand boy, - a cop? - Let's focus on you. So, by now, you probably figured out that we found your safe house, we cracked your burn safe. So imagine what's gonna happen when we get our hands on Bennett Tash. You know him? The fella who's gonna post the ledger on the web? Your "insurance policy"? Good luck finding him in the yellow pages. I was wrong. You are an ex-military. Washed up, soft now, but I see it. Okay, that's enough. Now, my boss, he's a reasonable man. He can make arrangements to let you go. You have to tell me where the ledger is before it's too late. What were you, a coast guard? - Try Navy Seal, pal. - Navy Seals, little girl. Son of a bitch. Pathetic! How stupid can you be? Not stupid enough to put a loaded gun in your hand. Have a seat. Please. We got the name of the mystery man. Milovan Dragas. That's good, right? Normally what we would do is comb through his bio, create a psych profile, and try and break him in interrogation, but... The guy was Serbian intelligence. He's an interrogation specialist. What does that mean? He's unbreakable? For now, Milovan knows he's in control until we find Tash, the third member of his team. Can you do your thing, see if Tash has a paper trail? Whip up some Barry computer magic, see if he rented an apartment, ordered a subscription tocat fancy? I'm on it. Fi and I have to update Strickler on the cleaner job. You okay alone here for a while? Cleaner scouted that driveway on the water. My guess is they exchange crates boat to truck. It'll be hard doing surveillance out here in the open. You set up for your photo shoot here. I'll be sunbathing over there in a hat. If there's any trouble, I'll back you up. Sorry to insist on a meet. I'm not usually this hands-on, but it's our maiden voyage. I want it to be perfect. How we doing? There are a couple things you could clear up for me. I'm here to serve. How did you know the exact time the hardware would be stolen? Or that the thieves would sell it to someone else? That's need-to-know info that you don't need to know. And to be honest, it's bad form to ask for that kind of detail. Like it's bad form to sit back and take photos while lowlifes waltz away with this stuff. Fi, please. You don't have a problem? I'm gonna go. You guys have much to discuss. Gee, I hope she's not getting cold feet for the operation 'cause I've already made promises to important people on this job. I'll handle it. So, you found what you're looking for. I can go now? No, not yet. We need to find Bennett Tash. You know who he is? Look, I just showed Milovan a bunch of properties. Kim, just tell me the truth. You're not gonna let me see Jared again. You're just... - You're stringing me along. - Look at me. You will see your son again. But you have to work with me to make that happen. This better be important. That guy, Bennett Tash, opened bank accounts in overtown. My magic 8 ball says he's somewhere in the neighborhood, but I don't know. I'll check it out. Natalie, you ever take your boss anywhere in overtown? You did, didn't you? If we can get Bennett, we can crack Milovan, and you can go free. But if Milovan finds out that I told you... He controls you with fear. You need to be brave, all right? Tell Jared you'll be home soon. It's a storefront on Poe Street. Hi. It's me. Jared there? Hi, sweetie. It's mommy. So, this is Bennett's place. What's our approach? Milovan keeps his business compartmentalized. Nobody knows each other. Let's use that. The old "we're all in this together"? I like it. Yeah, the boss sent us. All hell's breaking loose. We got to talk now. Boss got pinched. The whole network's in trouble. Let us in. - Come on in. Get off the street. - Could be DEA, FBI. He was picked up yesterday. We've been dark since. Nobody's checked in with me, either. I had a bad feeling, but this is bad. I need a drink. In any new situation where you're going in cold,</i> you have to be alert to warning signs.</i> The sound of Mac-10's bolt action, for example.</i> A Mac-10 can fire 50 rounds in a few seconds,</i> but it's one of the least accurate guns in the hands of an amateur.</i> Survive the first burst, and you've got a decent chance.</i> You know, you could use some time at the gun range. Where's the ledger? Look, I had instructions to kill any visitor on sight. Look, do me a favor, all right? Just put a bullet in my head. Stay on task. Where's the ledger? I don't know. I just handle the buyer. The deal's set for 5:00 this afternoon. I'm just waiting on a call to see where. Yeah, nice try. We know it's your job to post it on the internet if you don't hear from your boss. We know you have it. You think that psycho would trust anyone with the merchandise? The only one who knows where that ledger is is her. - "Her"? - "Her"? No, I'm talking about the guy, Milovan. He's a foreigner. He talks like this. The Serbian dude? He's a fall guy! She threatened his kids. She's a killer. Tell her I'm dead. You hear me? You gotta tell her that you killed me! I'm gonna get something to eat. You want something? Come on, Fi. Actually, I think that something might calm me down a little. What kind of yogurt did you say you had? Blueberry, vanilla, peach... Peach sounds good. Fi, call me back. I know that I shouldn't ask this, but do you think that you could take the cuffs off? Because I really have to go to the bathroom. Please. I've been holding it for so long. All right. - Barry, has Fiona called? - No, what's up? If you hear from her, Natalie is the boss. She stole the ledger. - Natalie, the realtor? What? - Keep your phone on. They must have taken the keys with them. I'll get something to pick the lock. Come on, Fi. Come on, Fi. Fi, if you get this, call me back. - She's not picking up, Sam. - That's bad, Mike. That's real bad. Take a bathroom break, wash your face, pull yourself together. Like good poker players, spies know it's impossible</i> to hide the tells that come with a bloodstream full of adrenaline.</i> If showing fear or concern jeopardizes a mission,</i> you replace it with an emotion that won't.</i> Kim, what the hell do you think you're doing? You think this is a tea party? Social hour's over! Please, stop them! Leave her alone! Leave her alone! Milovan was bluffing. Tash didn't have the ledger. He was just arranging a time for the sale. Poor bastard never even got the call from Milovan to set the location. - You... - I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Listen. She's the one selling the ledger. We're going to let her go, follow her, and grab it when she tries to make the sale. I'm sorry. What did you do with Tash? I gave him 12 stem roses and a box of chocolates. What do you think I did? I put two in the back of his head. Look, the boss wants to clean this whole mess up, everybody included. We're gonna move Milovan to the bathroom. We'll do him there. Better drainage. Tell her to take the Buick. It's easy to tail. Do you think you can handle your girlfriend? I promised we'd let her go. I gave her my word. Well, that's sweet. The faster you kill her, the less time she'll have to be disappointed. You're a goddamn piece of work. I'm gonna pull the tape off, and you're gonna scream, and you're gonna keep screaming until we shoot. Now, you make a noise after we shoot, we're gonna have to shoot you for real. You understand? Here we go. - No, no! No, please! - Sorry about this, Milovan. The time for begging has ended. You see that? His leg's moving. I think his leg's moving. Wait. No, no! Kim! Please, please! There's a red Buick in the driveway. You take it. Spies don't keep a lot of prisoners. When you hold someone, you only learn what they tell you.</i> Let them go and you can learn what they do and where they go.</i> - What's going on in there? - Go! I'll take care of them. Kim, open this door! - Thank you! - Go see your son! Anybody with training can detect a tail from a single car.</i> We need new transportation. Let's go. Pros watch for anyone who makes the same turns</i> or runs too many yellow lights. To beat a pro, then, you need a team.</i> It's best to start a tail midway along your target's route,</i> when they're sure no one's following.</i> To do that, you need someone down the road to give you a heads-up.</i> - She just turned down Sherman Way. - <i>Nice work, Barry.</i> - Fi, you wanna go in for a closer look? - <i>I'm on it.</i> Once you have eyes on the target, it's just a matter of handing off surveillance at regular intervals.</i> Hey, Mikey! Ain't she grand? Turn it loose, Sam. Hang behind your target too long, and they'll wonder why you're not passing.</i> Best way to avoid their suspicion, pass them.</i> She's turning in to South Pointe Park. What is she waiting for? It's been a half-hour. Fi, you see anything? Just some street vendors and a few tourists with back hair. Hold on a sec, Michael. That's the third time I've seen the bike guy. The guy on the bike just dropped something. They just exchanged keys. Fi, what's biker doing behind the palm trees? Beach lockers. He's got the ledger. Fi, I'm going after the buyer. Take Natalie. My pleasure. - Don't hurt me! I just... - We don't care about you. We want this. Hello, again. It's over, Natalie. You know what? Natalie's just a name on a passport. Whatever your name is, you lose. I always tell my buyers to put two things in the trunk. A duffel full of cash and a gun full of bullets. You were so sweet about Jared, or whatever his name was, 'cause that was just a picture in a key chain. Now, I know that you're not the type to shoot into a crowd of little kids, but I am. You leaving without your cash? You take one step towards me, I'll drop one. You have my word. See you around. Count on it. The cops find a car full of dirty cash, and the people who wanted my ledger get shafted for $5 million? It's beautiful. Sam called immigration, and Milovan's being deported. And Natalie vanished? Well, she's smart. She won't be returning anytime soon. This clears the tab on all the debts you owe me. - Thank you. - You ducked a lot of phone calls. - What are you gonna tell your clients? - Your mom hooked me up with a story. I've been purifying in an ashram. No carbs, no e-mail, no phone. - Nice, mom. - Thanks, Mrs. Westen. And let me know how it works out with my roof-repair guy. - Bye, Barry. - See ya. How did that business with the hotel cleaner turn out? Fi and I are finishing that tomorrow. We couldn't have done it without you, mom. Well, maybe one day you'll tell me what it was really about. But no need to go into it tonight. I thought you were gonna go as a sunbather. Michael, I know I said that I would go along with you on this job, but I don't want you to work with Strickler. Not now, not ever. I can't help you with this. It's a two-person job. I need you. I've seen the site. You can handle yourself. I'm not worried about that. I'm worried about you. Working with someone like Strickler, it changes you little by little. He's the only one who can get me back in. What do you want me to do? You do what you have to do. I understand. I just can't stay here in Miami, and watch. There's no greater luxury in the field than working with a friend you rely on.</i> When you find someone you can trust absolutely,</i> you want them on every operation you do.</i> And nothing hurts worse than losing a friend to bullets,</i> politics, or something personal. But when you have to work alone again,</i> you lock those feelings away and do the job at hand.</i> Because as every spy knows, there's plenty of time to think about what you've lost</i> after the mission is over. Did you shoot these with a tripod? I mean, look at that photo. I should put you up for a job with National Geographic. What happened to those men who drove away with the military equipment? Gee, I don't know. - I hope they're brought to justice. - These photos, who are they for? You gonna get hung up on all these details now, Westen? Come on. It's for you. Happy birthday. Diego Garza, your favorite intelligence contact. I just got a call from Washington. There's been some movement on your burn notice. - Any idea how that happened? - Surprise to me. I'll be in touch to set a meeting. Is it me, or is someone on their way back to the promised land? I get it. You need to digest.