You're blacklisted.</i> When you're burned, you've got nothing.</i> No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI.</i> You know spies... A bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too...</i> - Hey, is that your mom again? - <i>If you're desperate.</i> - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... Until you figure out who burned you,</i> you're not going anywhere. As a spy, you have a lot of ways to get information.</i> You can get it with a gun, a lockpick. You can get it with a listening device.</i> But most often, more than all the other</i> information-gathering techniques combined,</i> you get information with a free lunch.</i> How come you never invite me to lunch at places like this? There's no need, Sam. You'll do almost anything for a $3 beer. Yeah, sure. Barry tracks down a Cayman Island bank-account number, and he gets lunch at the Chadwick? That number leads to whoever was trying to kill me, so, yes, the Chadwick. He's been complaining about the job for days. Yeah, and the squeaky wheel gets the surf and turf. I see how this works. Well, at least I can get a good mojito here. - We're on a budget, Sam. - Okay, Mike, you know, this cancels out one of the times you saved my life, maybe two. So, Michael... How did you get this mysterious bank-account number? You probably don't want to know. I do. We don't have a lot of information. That's why I'm coming to you. I just need a name. Yeah, no... I understand why you hired me, Michael Westen. But you're having me break a lot of laws with this job I'm doing for you. When someone starts acting like there's an extra person in the conversation,</i> it's a pretty good bet that they're wearing a wire.</i> This job you're doing for me? The question, then, is who's taping you...</i> The police, the Feds... I think we should talk later, maybe some place louder. Michael, Michael, I missed you. Or a government agent you blackmailed a while back and were hoping to never see again? Sam Axe, you're living well off a government pension, I see. - Not that good. This is iced tea. - Remember the file I have on you, Bly? I think the idea was, you were never to set foot in Miami again. I know, I know, but the sunshine, the beaches, those little Cuban pastries... Come on. I just couldn't let a blackmail threat keep me out of... Paradise. Hi. Actually, at this point, blackmail ceases to be a threat. At this point, I believe I ruin your life. How about I give your boss a call? I'll be honest, Michael. That file? It kept me up nights, so imagine my joy when your friend showed up on my radar investigating some highly suspicious accounts for my old pal Michael Westen. Barry is the brick that I will tie around your neck before I throw you into that beautiful blue ocean over there. Now, how deep you sink depends on how quickly I get that blackmail file. Welcome to Miami. Season 2, Episode 13: Bad Breaks. Synchro VO: S@lomon www.subbers-in-black.com So, pull the trigger. There's enough in that file to reduce Bly's career to a smoldering crater. He can link me to Barry, and Barry's broken a law library's worth of financial regulations looking into this account number. If Bly goes after me with that, I can throw the rest of my life into that crater, too. Government agents have to stay within the law,</i> but they still have plenty of options to hit you below the belt.</i> Sometimes, a bullet to the head is a lot easier than a slow death</i> drowning in red tape. - Sorry. For your own safety. - Don't touch me, for your own safety. According to the board of health, this loft is unfit for human habitation. And here I thought it was just a dump. Fiona Glenanne, you're wearing more clothes than usual. You know, I was on the fence about that chair. Thanks for making up my mind for me. I hope you're on the fence about everything that you own, because toxic mold could be anywhere. There's been reports of spores spreading to places you wouldn't believe. Nope. No mold in that one. Try the lamp. I was always iffy on it. You know what? Thanks for watching out for me, Bly. I'm gonna grab some clothes. Call me when you're done. Michael, don't worry. I packed you a bag... with some clothes to wear. I have to say, for a tough guy, you sure dress like an easter egg. I hope you're not bringing toxic mold into my house. Ma, there's no mold. I'm glad you're out of there. The place didn't sound healthy. My friend Paula is here. She heard you were coming, and she wanted to talk. You advised her last week about the guy she met on the internet. Michael. I am so sorry to bother you again. This guy, Prescott... I did what you said, ignored his e-mails. Then he called my house. I think he's a stalker. He's asking all these personal questions. It's... like he's obsessed with me. Would it make you feel better if I talked to him? Really? You could do that? - Sure. Let me put my bag away. - All right. I'll put it in the guest room. Michael will take care of everything. He lives at the Del Mar apartments. I have his online dating profile. I'm sure it'll be fine. No Prescott in this building. How about yours? Not unless he's disguised as an 80-year-old retiree. I mean, this little manhunt could take a while, Mike. Whatever. Better this than sitting in my mom's kitchen watching her smoke. Likes fixing up old cars. He's a mechanic, maybe? I mean, I can check his ASE certifications, but, of course, that's if anything on this page is true. Check out the IP address on his dating-service account, - see what we're dealing with. - Speaking of love, I got to get going. I have a very big date. She made millions as a beer distributor. - The woman of my dreams. - You have many women in your dreams. So, I'm a romantic, but this one, Mike... I mean, she's got a beach house in Antigua with a quad kegerator. That's four kegs of beer at 33 degrees, baby. Sounds like love. Hello. Michael, it's Paula. Prescott's outside my work.</i> I'll be right there. I saw his car drive past three times. He walked by, looking in. I'm the assistant manager. I can't have him in here making a scene. This is a private bank. We're an appointment-only private bank and safe-deposit company. Very exclusive, very private. You can understand why I can't have him... Has Prescott been asking you about your work, your schedule? All of it. I'm just afraid he's some kind of maniac. - Who's that? - Just an old friend. Did you get bored redecorating my place? I'll redecorate your life if I have to. - You find that file? - Not yet. Let's talk later. Actually, later is bad for me. Now is good. I want every piece of paper you own that mentions me. Files, phone records, the page in your diary where you drew little hearts around my name. All of it. You wanna do this, Bly? You really wanna go nuclear? I'd love to. You really think you have nothing to lose? He's here. The stalker. He's not a stalker. This is a robbery. Stay quiet, follow our orders, or people die. You'll find your cellphones are now useless. We've blocked them, so leave them on the floor and head into the conference room. Now! Go! Go! Go! Conference room! There are a number of different choices when you take over a building by force.</i> Up! Move into the conference room. Do you keep the hostages facedown on the floor,</i> or do you move them into a room together?</i> Let me see your hands. Move. Move. How do you cut all the lines of communication out?</i> Give me that cellphone! Get in that conference room. And how do you deal with the place's security method?</i> Whatever your style, hostile takeovers are about one thing...</i> - <i>Total dominance.</i> - Silent alarm is dead. Now get into the conference room or you will be, too. We got the bank manager. If we both grab guns, we can level the playing field. The playing field is covered with hostages. Make a move now, and somebody could get shot. If we don't make a move, we may not get a chance. Just wait, all right? Shut up. Move back with the others. It's all right. Just stay calm. Stay calm. It's gonna be all r... Bly. That's quite enough of that. Welcome to my retirement party. I want you all to have a good time, so... let's down a few ground rules, shall we? No attacking the hosts. No leaving early. No calling the police. I see one cop, I kill three of you. I see two cops, six people die. You can do the math. Now, mess up my party by breaking one of my rules, and... You can expect me to overreact. A wounded hostage is a good measure of how far a criminal's willing to go.</i> They either want to keep the hostage alive...</i> Get away from him. I'm a doctor. If I don't stop the bleeding, he'll die. Then let him die. Or they don't, which means more people are getting hurt.</i> You have 20 hostages in an unstable psychological state. If they think they're going to die, they will panic, and they will fight back. I'm just trying to make sure that you get what you want and these people stay alive. Will you please allow me to attend to this man's wound? - Knock yourself out. - Thank you. Let's go take a tour of the vault. Come on. You son of a bitch. I only need one person alive to get me the vault-access cards. Please don't make me choose. Told you someone would get shot. Yeah, I overestimated you. I figured you'd back me up. You know, it's not a good idea to insult your doctor. Okay, this wound doesn't look good. I'm going to need to... - Remove the round? - Yeah. - Go ahead. - Come here. I need you to apply direct, steady pressure to this. Hold this up. Hold it up. There you go. In a hostage situation, any idiot can steal a gun and start shooting.</i> It's a great way to get a bunch of innocent people killed.</i> Keeping people alive means fighting like a spy.</i> Where is your data server? It's by the elevator, but they cut the power to the computers, so... I'm using it for something else. We need to cut through there and get into the next room. From there, we can get out. There's no way out. That's just an office. There'll be a way out. I'm working on that part. You don't think the guards outside will see us going through a wall? - I'll take care of the guards. - Yeah. No. Wait. You heard him. If you attack his guys, he's gonna start shooting people. I'm not going to attack them. They're just gonna have some very bad luck. Where are you going? - I need medical supplies. - Wait. Wait. Stop right there. - No one leaves the conference room. - Your boss said stop the bleeding. - He didn't say you could leave. - You wanna go downstairs and ask him? The man in there is going to die unless I remove the bullet from his arm. To do that, I need tools, so... help me find tweezers and propoxyphene or shoot me in the face. Your call. - You've got two minutes. - We got less than that. Fighting like a spy means disguising attacks as attempts to help.</i> It means making acts of man seem like acts of god.</i> - We have to go through here? - That's the plan. Does anybody have a razor or a letter opener? Here. I grabbed these. Good. Here. We're gonna trust your friend? He is not my friend, but he might be able to get us out of here. - Sir, watch the door. - Start cutting at the outlet. Cutting through a wall with scissors isn't as hard as it sounds.</i> Start at an electrical socket and saw through the hard surface of the drywall,</i> and the lower layers are a lot easier.</i> Gauze, aspirin. This kit is terrible. We're gonna need to search desks and purses for some real pain meds. You can do it with that. With gauze? Right. Where'd you get your medical degree? Wait for the water. I'll look through these desks and meet you back at the conference room. What? You got armed guards at the only exit. You think I'm gonna fight my way out with a stapler? Water's ready. And look around for some towels. In an enclosed space, getting around a cellphone jammer is a game of who's got the stronger signal.</i> A cellphone jammer broadcasts a powerful signal</i> over a range of frequencies, but it can't compete</i> with an entire ethernet wired to serve as one big antenna.</i> So, I said no more stress, no more work, and no more getting married. Life is too short. How many beach houses do I even need? - How many do you have? - Six. Seven? It doesn't matter. I'm always on vacation. To me, true relaxation is a state of mind. - Do you have to get that? - No. No. You know, I like to relax, too. You would love my place in Antigua. Hammock on the white sand beach. Clothes are optional. Excuse me. This better be good, Mikey. I'm at Broward Private Trust trapped in a bank heist.</i> It's Prescott. He's a pro. His guys have killed the landlines and brought a cell jammer. Any cops, any resistance, and it gets bloody. - Just tell me what you need, Mike. - <i>I need you and Fi</i> to blast a door to the outside. Alleyside wall, 20 feet in from the north. Alleyside wall, 20 feet in. You got it. I'm on my way. Is everything okay? Yeah. Well, not really, no. My buddy's being held hostage at a bank, and I got to bust him out. - It's true. - We should call the police. No. No. No. You can't do that. It's complicated, but there's nothing to worry about, and I'll call you later. - These are for the doc. - Where is he? Go find him. The massive air pressure that makes air hammers effective</i> also makes them dangerous. Tamper in any way with the locking collar</i> that holds the bit in place, and the air hammer</i> becomes a very inaccurate gun with a single bullet.</i> Not here. Keep looking. Mixing medications is always a bad idea,</i> especially when one's an upper and one's a downer.</i> Anxiety and allergy meds together are a scary combination, and that's before you add the caffeine of an energy drink.</i> There you are. What took you so long? I was just... This is for the pain. - Who said I was in pain? - If you're not now, you will be. By the way, that green chair in my loft, it was my favorite. Let's go, Fi. You're just annoyed 'cause Mike called me first and not you. He's in the middle of a bank heist. - He's not thinking clearly. - I'm the one who should be annoyed. I was having lunch with the woman of my dreams and had to leave. What are you gonna do? You know, being Mike's first call is a big responsibility. In case you're wondering, you'd be my 19th call. I'd call Madeline before I called you. Experience with battlefield medicine may not make you as precise as an ER surgeon...</i> Oh, come on. But after you've stitched up a few people under artillery fire,</i> you can handle outside pressure. Almost. Got it. Oh, god. We're making some progress on the wall, but they're checking on us. - We need maybe 20 minutes. - You've got to go faster. Keep working. They're emptying the vault downstairs. - They're taking everything. - How long before they clear it all out? I don't know. There's hundreds of safe-deposit boxes down there. And he wasn't lying about the silent alarm. No call went out. - No help is coming. - Hide the hole. Prescott wants you downstairs. Let's go. Thanks. Michael said 20 feet in from the street? - Are you sure? - Positive. Well, what's the signal? How are we timing this? He didn't say. - He didn't say? - He's Mike. He's improvising. Michael called you to tell you to blow a hole in the wall of a bank, - and you didn't think to ask when? - Look, it was a brief conversation. We didn't talk about shoes or movies either. Could you just place the explosives already? - Fix him. - What happened? The air hammer broke, and the piston came off in his leg. Keep him alive. I'm gonna give you something for the pain. People are too trusting when it comes to pills.</i> They'll take whatever a doctor hands them.</i> I need to cauterize the wound. I need to use your liquid-nitrogen gun. You need to use something else. Like what? Did you bring an electrosurgical generator? Liquid nitrogen can cool a wound to 150 below,</i> freezing the cells and cutting off blood flow.</i> Tie this around his leg, tight. Either help me or get me someone who will. Up here? Supercooling also damages metal. Freeze the inside of a gun, and the next time it gets hot,</i> it'll rip apart as if it's loaded with the wrong ammo.</i> Prescott, get up here. We've got trouble in the conference room.</i> - Where's the knife? - There's no knife. There isn't a knife. This guy was trying to cut into the office next door. Come here. What did I tell you about the rules, huh? Please, I... I have a wife. I have kids. They need their father. I'm begging you. Look, if I make an exception, I mean, what kind of message does it send? Wait. Wait. You got the wrong guy. It was me. Just can't stop causing trouble, can you, huh? Should've done this the first time. God! Shoot him! Move! You got shards in your hand. You're gushing arterial blood. I'm the only guy here who can save your hand, probably your life. Tell your man to back off or find another doctor. Come with me. Get the rest of them downstairs. Four more. Let's go. We're running about 20 minutes late. Should I call the boat? Get downstairs. - I still need to... - Get downstairs. How's your plan going? We're not getting out. I'm working on plan B. - I need your help. Do you trust me? - Yeah, what do you need? I need you to collapse in that doorway. Sell it. Buy me time. - What's going on? - I think he's going into shock. I can't move him. I'll need a couple of minutes. You got one. Mike, let's get this done. I got a beer-drinking angel to get back to. - You ready to rock? - <i>Forget the escape plan.</i> Prescott's moving everybody downstairs.</i> These guys are calling a getaway boat on walkies. If you can listen in, locate the signal. Maybe we can get some leverage.</i> I'll try to keep people from getting hurt in here. Come on. Downstairs. Let's go. Now. - All right. - <i>Elevators have so many safety devices</i> that they're easy to sabotage. Disable any part, and the entire system shuts down.</i> Hurry up. Move it! Locate the getaway boat. That's our plan. This is Miami. Look, we just need to find the frequency that Prescott's walkies are on. I think we should set off the charges, blow a hole in the wall, rush in. - Beats waiting out here. - Yeah, that's great. Let's get Mike and the hostages killed because you have the attention span of a 3-year-old. Elevator's busted. You're lucky. I don't see any shrapnel, and no bones look damaged. Use the word lucky again, I'm gonna put a bullet in your head. Hold still. I need to sterilize the wound. This bank! It's cursed. That's it, isn't it? It's cursed. My gun, the air hammer, the elevator. - What's wrong with this place? - I'm gonna need more tape and a splint. I think there's something I can use upstairs. Do you need any meds? What do you think, huh? Let me blow your hand off and find out if you need something for the pain. Angela, hey, it's Sam. How you doing? Is your friend okay? Well, he's still trapped inside, but it's kind of a quiet time, so I thought I would just call and say hi. So... Hi. Hi? I was thinking later, we could get some drinks. I know this quiet spot that makes great a mojito. Well, I was meeting a friend, but... Playtime's over. Angela, I got to run. Hey, don't make any plans. I'll call you back. Sounds encrypted. So I was wasting my time while you were buttering up your bimbo? Look, we got the frequency. There can't be that many marinas around here in range of their walkies. Okay, that's not good. Those cops start asking questions about that truck out front, hostages are gonna die. One of us needs to distract the cop, and the other one needs to track down the getaway boat. And here I forgot to shave my legs. Delivery trucks. - Hey, stop! Give me that! - No! She is stealing my tip jar! This is compensation for you leering at me. You should arrest her. Es una ladrona! - Arrest him for sexual harassment. - We're not arresting anyone. You're gonna stand there while I'm objectified? I say we go to the station, hash this out... You, me... him. - What do you say? - <i>Unit 204, dispatch.</i> Got a domestic disturbance at Ocean and 4th. You close?</i> 10-4. I'm on my way. If you'd like to file a report, you should go down to the police station, okay? Una cortadito, por favor. We win yet? I'm working on it. I need some meds. - Things okay? - Yeah, hey, it's Miami. The sun, the girls... What's not to love? If something bad starts happening, make your move. These should do the trick. Life with a hypochondriac mother gives you a useful knowledge of pharmaceuticals.</i> Those are for pain? In low doses, pilocarpine cures dry mouth.</i> I'll take them after you do. In high doses, it has roughly the same effect</i> as a sarin gas attack. Satisfied? See what happens to you first. - Still want that splint for your hand? - Sure. We're going upstairs. You, keep an eye on the hostages. Back in a minute. What's it mean if my fingers are feeling numb and I'm getting sort of nauseous? Do you have a headache, any palpitations, any tingling, been drinking caffeine? Yeah. Why? Is that bad? Sounds pretty serious. I should check you out. I'm just gonna take your pulse. I'm just taking your pulse. That's it. I'm just taking it. In a weakened state, you want to avoid pressure on your carotid artery.</i> Block the blood flow to your brain, and you black out in four seconds.</i> The coating on tablets and medicine keeps them from dissolving in your stomach right away,</i> which buys you a little time to find some privacy</i> and do the only safe thing. Get them out of your system.</i> Hey, buddy. I'm supposed to repair a radio in a guy's boat, but I'm late, and I forgot the slip number. Is there somebody hanging around looking pissed? End of the pier. Thanks. You have a good one. Prescott. - Vault's cleared out. - It's about time. Let's put everyone in the vault and get the hell out of here. Everyone in the vault now. They've seen our face. They die. Let's go. Everybody into the vault. There isn't much air in the vault. We're all gonna suffocate. - Should we attack them? - No, not yet. - I don't know how long we can wait. - Just trust me. Hey, Mike, I'm at the marina looking at the getaway boat. We got any moves here? Prescott's shoving everyone into the fault, and no one's walking out. You want to ask Prescott if he'll trade his hostages for the boat driver? Not likely. - What about an operation Quicksilver? - Quicksilver. You mean like WW II? You're talking about a bunch of tanks and the whole Normandy invasion force. Yeah, but instead of the Normandy invasion force, I have a Walther with one bullet. You got to sell this, Sam. You got to sell it like you've never sold it before. That's the kind of pep talk I like. I'm on it. Angela, hi. Hi. I was calling to leave a message. I think your life is... is a little too... fast-paced for me. No, no, no. That's not true at all. Why are you whispering? Are you still outside the bank? No, I'm at a marina. Just taking a stress-free walk along the ocean, the breeze blowing in my hair. I might even get a tropical drink. Hands in the air. A stress-free walk. Well, as much as I hate to admit it, Angela, you're probably right. We're just not meant to be. Enjoy one of those beers in Antigua for me. You bastard. You ruined something special. If you have one bullet and you need to take down three armed guys in close quarters,</i> you're betting your life on a lot of lucky breaks.</i> It's the kind of bet you don't want to make</i> unless you have to. There you are. Your guy had a stroke in the kitchen. He needs immediate medical attention. You want me to put him in the vault or just take care of him right here? You're not listening to me. Either you get your friend into an ambulance with the proper meds, - or he's not gonna make it. - Well, I guess he's not gonna make it, and neither are you. Prescott. - What's going on? - <i>Prescott,</i> they're at the boat. They shot me. Why didn't you tell us? - Why didn't I tell you what? - Who we were robbing. Why didn't you tell us who owned the bank?</i> Oh, my god. You didn't know, did you? We're dead. Oh, my god. They're coming back. They're coming back. We're all dead! We're all dead! Tom Prescott? Was it dumb luck that you chose my bank, or did you and your buddies decide that today was a good day to make the worst mistake of your lives?</i> - Who is this? - That's not important. What's important is that you and your friends are robbing my bank, and no one, I mean no one, does that to me.</i> You think you got yourself a good plan with your getaway truck and your boat?</i> Well, I got a plan, too. If there is a scratch on anyone in my bank, you will all die. If there is a single dollar missing from my vault,</i> you all die. You hearing this? If there is a single hostage taken, you will all die.</i> In fact, if you do anything other than walking out of my bank alone right now,</i> you will all know such pain as you have never imagined.</i> So, who the hell is that guy? He owns this bank? He's lying. I looked up everything about this bank. Well, you obviously didn't look up enough. What did you get us into? How does he even know we're here? Shut up. It's not important! One evening, a patient was brought into my clinic in the middle of the night. He was tortured so badly I couldn't believe he was still breathing. A man was with him. It was the man on your radio. I'll never forget the voice. He put a gun to my head and explained that my patient had robbed him and that he wanted me to save him so the pain would last longer. I did what I could. He said to come here for my money, my blood money. There's a place between life and death. Amazing how long a man can linger there. That's enough, all right? Bring everything upstairs. We're getting out of here. Tony? Tony, can you hear me? What the hell is going on? I know this guy. He'll have people outside the bank, in your truck, and on your boat. You have no idea who you're dealing with. Shut your mouth. We've got the money. That's just some voice on the radio. Yeah, but he's a voice on our radio. He's on our boat! How does that happen? I mean, what happened to the guys in the vault, huh? - He's talking about our truck! - There's nothing wrong with our truck! Let's just get outta here. Nothing's wrong with the truck? Does that look like nothing? Pick up the bag. No way. I am gonna... Unbelievable. Just not your day, I guess. Drop it! Drop it! Hands on your head! So, where were we? I think we were deciding whether we were going to destroy each other. Well, you've already had enough opportunities to let me die. Maybe I just like the challenge. I'm gonna go pass out at the local ER, and when I wake up, I'll take care of the loft and the thing with Barry. As long as you're in a helpful mood, you think I could add one more favor to the list? And then they moved us into the vault. We knew there wasn't much time. I mean, I really thought it was the end, but your son and Mr. Bly were so brave, Madeline. - Michael, what are you doing? - I left something in here. You just assumed I was never gonna broil anything? Well, so far I've been right. Prescott will be leaving you alone from now on. You might want to select your dates a little more carefully in the future. I will. Thank you so much. - Bye, honey. - Bye. I'm off, too. What? You... you're going? You didn't even spend the night. I resolved my toxic-mold issue. Board of health says my place is safe again. I was thinking of ordering takeout, but if you're going... Actually, I don't have to leave right away. Takeout sounds good. Bly says you're off the hook. He was just using you to get under my skin anyway. Listen, Michael, I feel really bad about the whole tacky business with the wire. I mean, don't get me wrong. I love how I look with a shaved chest, - but rolling over on you... - I ask you to take risks. It comes with the territory. But next time, we'll have a signal. If you're wired, tip me off by offering to pay for lunch. Perfect. You know, I think I'm gonna get out of town for a bit. I got to decompress. - Sounds good. Stay safe. - All right, man. I had to take the guy on the boat down, get him to say the right things at the right time. While you were putting on a show, I got rid of the cops, and I wired a truck to blow. Mike, back me up. I think it's pretty clear my tactical maneuverings pretty much saved the day here. - You feeling underappreciated? - Oh, no. He appreciates himself plenty. He's been insufferable ever since you called him first yesterday. Fi, look, don't be insulted. You're good with the hands-on stuff. - The simple mechanical things. - Simple? Like wiring a truck to blow? An important task, yes, but one a very intelligent monkey could perform. I'm just saying there's a reason why I'm number one on the speed dial. Sam, for your information, I called Fi first. You didn't pick up, so in the future, I'm gonna call Sam first. It's all the originals, everything I had on you. I love your attention to detail, Michael. This would have been quite the career-ender. Well, I know a little something about that... Although I wasn't expecting you to counter with even better leverage. Well-played. This would be a good Michael Westen story if people were allowed to tell Michael Westen stories. - So. - So... Any luck trucking down that Cayman Islands account? I don't have to tell you, we have ways of investigating that most people don't know about. No one has the reach that we do, but this... I found the bank and I even found the banker, but the account... It's just a number. - No name? No organization? - Nothing. It gets worse. That account was being monitored. An electronic trip wire of sorts. And you think you tripped it? Might have been me. It might have been Barry.