You're blacklisted.</i> When you're burned, you've got nothing...</i> no cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI...</i> You know spies, a bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too...</i> - Is that your mom again? - if you're desperate. - Someone needs your help. Bottom line, as long as you're burned,</i> you're not going anywhere. Nobody wants to hear from a burned spy.</i> Your old handlers send your calls to voice-mail,</i> your appeals are filed in the trash, your old contacts are worthless.</i> Your best bet is to find an operative who can't hang up on you.</i> If you're on domestic soil, the airport's not a bad place to look.</i> Intelligence agencies are like amateur magicians.</i> Watch closely and you can see how they set up their tricks.</i> It doesn't matter how good they are at misdirection and sleight of hand,</i> they can't make a covert-ops supply plane disappear.</i> 4UMY 314. You just wrecked the most amazing dream. All these beautiful nachos were coming right. 4UMY314, runway 3. - No flight plan, no problem? - Yep, it's not a drug plane, had clearance from the tower. It's got to be a black flight. Bringing toys to all the little spooks in Latin America. Tell me this means I can go back to sleep in my own bed. Is that how you celebrate these days? Say it ain't so. - You look... - Like I'm ready for lunch? I thought after a week of you eating fast food in the car with Sam, that you might like to take me. I can't today. I found a spy plane. I got the tail number. Why do you use that shot for fake IDs? It's like a bad prom picture. I need to get records from the FAA. You need a driver's licen... I think it makes me look trustworthy. I need to find out who owns the plane, who flies it, who registered it. One of those people might be able to pull some strings, get me back in. - And you've to find them immediately? - There's no time like the present. It's time for Duane Winger to make his move. Great. I'm going to lunch. Have fun getting your job back. I know you don't like what I'm doing, but you know it's not just about the job. - You know that, right? - Right. It's about patriotism and duty... and the sacred call of... - Whatever. - I was told... that hell on earth would rain down on me without an umbrella. I don't know, Duane. Looks pretty sunny out there to me. I'm gonna enjoy it. Prom picture? Here we go. The plane you're asking about is owned by Executransport Ltd. Want to write it down? You can borrow my pen. How about you pull the whole file? - Could I borrow that? - You're bad. We can't sign files out. Everything back here is look but don't touch. That is a shame. I'm gonna level with you. I'm a PI working a messy divorce. Sleaze bag hubby's hiding the jet under a shell company. One little copy sure would help. It'll be our little secret, miss... Linda. Will Duane Winger please report to reception?</i> Duane Winger to reception, please. The guy just wanted the files. What's the big deal? I just got a call from the deputy director. That file was red-flagged. When you get cornered, there's a rush of adrenaline</i> as the fight-or-flight response kicks in.</i> In those moments, you can't listen to your body.</i> There are some circumstances when flight just isn't the right option.</i> Fortunately, with a little training and the right kind of hitch knot,</i> that adrenaline can make you capable of something pretty close to flight.</i> Doesn't help the landing, though. Yogurt Team Barry wanted $1,000 to look into the company that owned that plane? Yeah, sorry. He said to get the articles of incorporation, he's got to go up to the Capitol. Is he taking a cab to Tallahassee? His mom is up there, so he's got to see her. The grand is like an annoyance tax. Fair enough. Money well spent, Mikey. You track down the spooks that are flying that plane, get them to call in a few favors, you might no longer be stuck in Miami. And you won't have to buy me drinks after range practice. Subtle, Sam. That's me, Mike. See the olive? I'm not complaining, but where's Fi? It's not like her to skip our ritual. Usually any chance to pop off some rounds... - She wasn't too thrilled. - You in the sunglasses! Can I see that gun? - Careful there. - I'm sorry. I promise I won't hurt you. - That's good. - It's you. I knew you existed. - Who are you? - My name's Spencer. I didn't mean to scare you. I had to make sure it was you. He's the guy, right? He's a special-ops guy. There are times in any spy's career when someone somehow figures out who you are.</i> I need your help. The best approach is to put on a good poker face</i> - and deny everything. - I think you have the wrong idea. I've been monitoring the papers, certain items in the blotter, and crime rates, police-band chatter, It all adds up. It becomes clear. - Not yet, it doesn't. - The pattern. There's a pattern. You don't just have a series of explosions here and a dip in violent crime there. Ask yourself what and who are the connection. I think we're not talking about Spiderman. It's a real guy who has to practice. So, I did an estimate, and I got 63% odds that he lives within a 5 mile radius of this gun range, so... Once you see a pattern, you can't unsee it. So, you've been staking out here, looking for... You and your gun and your skills and that thing that you did with the... All that seems to confirm to me that you are the guy. - You have to help me. You're the guy. - What can I say? I'm not the guy. It's a lie. You lied very convincingly, as any trained operative would. But, help me! I don't want to make you, but I will if I have to. He's an operative! This guy! He's very famous! He's a rogue agent, special operatives guy! Fine. We're gonna talk. Boy, we're gonna talk. He's the spy. So, who are you? No offense, Spencer, but who are you? I'm a mathematician, MIT. Did my doctoral work at Duke. You need help? About a year ago, I started to work at Stone Kittredge. They do a lot of government contracts. Construction, energy, tech... It's a defense firm. We know them. I've seen some things there that I shouldn't have. One of their vice presidents is a... well, a killer. Is this just some kind of a joke? She's killed 3 already. I guess it will happen again, in Malaysia. Malaysia? I'm not sure what's going on here, but do you have proof of something? No, but how do you explain this? I used my friend Brad's workstation to do some digging around in the system. 2 days later, the gas line at his house blew up, he was burned to death. They thought he was onto them, so they killed my friend. Calm down. Let's back it up, Spencer. Why were you using Brad's computer? I don't have a computer at the office. I take care of the plants at Stone Kittredge. - There it is. - I am too busy for a full-time job! Do you have any idea how many messages I have to decode every day? Hundreds! Do you think beings that advanced sleep? - I'm sorry. "Beings"? - Would you like me to say "Aliens"? The bad ones are from a nearby star system, Procyon A. They take our form. They encode their messages in beams of light. Gorgeous mathematics wrapped around deadly messages. But the Guardians, they are from a planet that orbits around Ross 154, and they are being hunted. Three of them are dead already. - Every minute that we waste... - Just calm down a little bit. No, damn it! There is no time! Spencer, calm down. Calm down. It's okay. Excuse me, there's something I need right over here. Sit down. Sorry. He started talking about aliens... and crazy stuff. He thought I was a spy. You know, like James Bond or something. - You don't want to file a report? - No. We just didn't want to see him hurt himself or anybody else. Those are the magic words every time this guy goes to court. He's been in before? Dispatch told us that he has been in and out of the psych ward for the past four years. Big-time schizo. Sad stuff, but thanks. Appreciate your help, all right? Take care. If you're looking for a silver lining, it's nice we can still call the cops. Can't believe he found me, Sam. Don't worry, most people can't decode the secrets hidden in beams of light. I don't know about you, but I could use that drink now. A money launderer's natural habitat is near rich people.</i> What they save by avoiding taxes they usually spend on overpriced drinks,</i> but meeting with them is never boring.</i> Jesus, Mike. "Meet me at the Chadwicke. I'm poolside. Bring cash." This text doesn't have a smiley face. What happened to my friend Barry? You know I don't like charging you, but that was a big favor. I go up north, I got to stay with my mom. She's still mad at me I dropped out of podiatry school. Makes me nuts. Anyway, I need to unwind. The view here helps... a lot. Executransport Ltd. You're probably not gonna be shocked to hear that it's a shell company and its registrants don't even exist. Officially speaking, nobody owns the plane you saw. - Not shocked, no. - But it wasn't a total dead end. There's a business tied to that plane? North Andes Distribution. They got a hangar over at the airport. Probably packed the cargo on the flight you saw. Not bad, Barry. Before you go, will you help me out here, Mike? Do my back? - Look who's back. - Hey, man. I'm so sorry to bother you at home, especially after... I shouldn't have done that... With the table. Your new friend was explaining that he hacked the DMV and found your place thanks to a parking ticket. - He's really very clever. - So, they let you out? They may have. The nurses don't disguise the pattern of the rounds, and the locks are child's play. No hard feelings. I know you were testing me. You can't be here. We shouldn't be out in the open. They're probably looking for me. - The aliens? - The police. I broke out of a psych ward. Weren't you listening? We can't do anything for you. People think I'm not right, but I'm right. I'm right about this. They killed my friend. Please, just let me show you what I learned. I found you, didn't I? He doesn't seem that crazy. All right. Show us. Okay. I was wrong. He's totally nuts. Sorry about the... There's something that I really need to show you in the paper. Can't find anything in this mess. Sometimes I lose track of things when I leave them on the ceiling. No. That's... Okay. We can start there. This is the one I was telling you about. Three killed in the past four months, just like I said. You said "Aliens". This looks like American spies. The forms they take vary, but... You're saying these men were outed by an executive at Stone Kittredge? - Yes, that's what I'm saying. - Wait a second. Ronald Papa? They said this was a climbing accident. This guy was a friend of mine. I worked with him. Good. You worked with one of the Guardians. Don't do that. I sent flowers to Ron's wife, don't be making up stories about real people. I'm not. I lost a friend, too. My friend, Brad, the one they killed to cover it up. The one I told you about. See, you just have to read all these. Please, read them all. These are just a bunch of newspaper articles. No. There's a pattern. You have to see the pattern. It's all connected. There's a galactic war between these, the bad ones. The ones from Procyon A are hunting the Guardians, and guys like Brad, who get in the middle, they kill them, then the darkness will come. Unless you... It's up to you to stop them. I know this guy. He's a good guy. He's a good doctor. I want you to meet him. Whether you're infiltrating a cartel or spiking a chemical-weapons sale,</i> the most dangerous people in any covert op are the ones on your side.</i> If they crack, you end up in a shallow grave.</i> That's usually a good enough reason to avoid working with crazy people.</i> Diplomat found dead in Malaysia. But sometimes you have no choice. That's the one! See, it's like I told you. It's today's paper. It happened like he said it would. If "Aliens" equals "Spies"... What's wrong? Spencer, I was really hoping you were just crazy. Okay. Let me get this straight. 2007, Stone Kittredge gets the contract to provide secure communications between American embassies. So they do the usual firewall crap, plus they come up with a code. Called Zydeco. Okay, and you think somebody there is intercepting these encrypted e-mails and selling the names of American spies. - That's your theory. - What these Procyon beings are really doing is exposing the Guardians from Ross 154. Right, like my buddy Ronnie. But how do you know it's somebody inside of Stone Kittredge and not some whack job on the outside who just cracked the code? That's absurd. Absurd like "Aliens are sending me messages through the pennysaver" absurd? Zydeco's unbreakable. It's a four-kilobyte code. 4k? I got pictures of Mrs. Reynolds bigger than that. No, an algorithmic code that takes up 4k of space is beyond secure. It would take longer than the whole life of the universe to crack it. Impossible. There's no way. You'd really need the code to read those messages. All right. Relax. Maybe there's another way that we can do this. - Will you sit down? - There she is! That's her! In the black! That's Shannon Park! Her team created Zydeco! She kept a copy? I know she has access to the embassy e-mail system. That much I saw myself. That's how my friend Brad got killed. She thought he was onto her. I'm telling you, she's a murderer and a traitor. And you can see how she takes our form, but I swear, she's an alien. Let's stick to Earth problems. We need to look at Shannon's files. If she has an unauthorized copy of Zydeco, we can get her busted. You can't get into her system. It's Fort Knox. No. I tried to get in remotely, and I couldn't do it. We hit her office, we bury a keystroke-tracking program, come back the next day for her password. We get the e-mails and the code. No, no. I'm sorry. I don't mean to laugh, but she's... No, these are very advanced beings. No, she'd be able to tell if you were on her computer. I think she's a little out of your league. OK, Mr. Computer. Is she out of your league? We need you to get us access at Stone Kittredge. Jeremy Dresner, consulting in IT. There should be a visitor badge in the system for me. In medieval Europe, spies used to pose as lepers and plague victims </i> so they could snoop around without being bothered.</i> In today's corporate office, posing as IT works the same way. It's the perfect cover if you need to linger without being bothered,</i> and it gives you a pretext for talking to almost anyone.</i> Ms. Park, Jeremy Dresner, IT, Alexandria office. I need to speak with you. - Great. Make an appointment. - No problem. How about now? Excuse me? We're doing an internal audit of security procedures. I've the paperwork. We were told your whole department would be cooperative, Ms. Park. That's funny, Jeremy, I'm the head of this department, and nobody's said word one to me. Well, here I am, and we're way past word one now. Security is our business on this wing. Your business is installing software upgrades, I suggest you have somebody up on 14 give me a call about this. And I suggest they send somebody else next time. I bet they will. I'll bet they'll send you up to see me. I'm looking forward to it. Can I borrow your bathroom key? You're my hero. All you need to beat a modern tumbler lock </i> is a little information and some stone-age tools.</i> If you know the basic type of key you need to spoof, </i> pick out a matching blank, file down the valleys to the center ledge,</i> and you have a bump key. Apply torque, whack it with anything handy, and you're in.</i> Not quite as much fun as kicking a door down. You ready to go? To dinner? It's 4:30. I told you no more early-bird specials. I thought we would stop by the airport first, pay a visit to that front business Barry found. More spy hunting? Why must everything you do revolve around getting your old job back? Fiona, really, this is important. Come on. I'll do it alone. We're gonna have to do this eventually. Just not right now. Drug cartels aren't the only organizations </i> who use import/export businesses as fronts.</i> Intelligence agencies like them because they make it possible for missions </i> to finance themselves. Who parked that gray truck out there? Where's your boss? They send out guns and supplies and get back goods to sell.</i> Native antiquities are favorites because their subjective prices make money laundering easy.</i> Are you the manager? No, Mr. Westen. I'm Diego Garza. I'm the spy you're looking for. You're not supposed to tell you're a spy. What's the point in subterfuge? All the memos they sent from DC, they say you're very, very good. I have to assume you're here because you want back in. Trying to reach out? I like you, Diego. You're doing all the work for me. I don't want this to hurt your feelings, but I'd really like you to get the hell out of here. Not everything they told you about me is true. The part about me being really, really good, but, I just want to talk to your bosses so we can clear this up. I wish it was that simple. I have 20 years at the Company. I've seen villages burned. I've seen children orphaned. I've been shot twice. Then they transferred me here. You know what the hardest part of this job is? That forklift turns funny. Now, if I report back that I made contact with a burned spy, do you know where they'll send me? Me neither, but I'm not rocking this boat. I'm giving you a chance to be a friend. Mr. Westen, I don't like threats. But I love your sunglasses. You have a good one, okay? Doing a job in broad daylight means easier access but more witnesses.</i> You can walk right in with your unwanted audience,</i> but you better have a plan to entertain them.</i> Well, all right. Ladies and gentlemen, if I can borrow your attention, I promise to return it in about an hour. My name is Charles Finley. You can call me Charles. I'm the dreaded teamwork consultant that popped up on your calendar there. Come on, everybody. Follow me in to the conference room right now. There's gonna be ice-cream cake. It's my birthday. Let's go. Come on. Did I mention ice-cream cake? Come on, folks. Come on. Break free from your cubicle. That's the ticket. They warned me about you, Ms. Park. - I don't have time for this. - Come on, boss lady. Let's be a good example for everybody. What do you say? Hey, folks. Let's do this thing. Have they all been taken? Yeah, to the conference room. Next chapter is entitled "Talk to me" and "Enhancing your empowerment sphere". Let's make this quick. Has anyone here heard of the seventh sigma? This is the newest commandment in the business bible, people. Anyone? Though shalt not lie about ice-cream cake? You're a joker, Todd. You're gonna stay after class. See, that's all. Do you see that? That encryption is Zydeco. Those are all... She shouldn't have those. Those are all coded e-mails she's stealing. Yeah. I was right. Spencer, I can't send a page of numbers to the FBI. - I need the code. - I don't like this. - Does she have it or not? - I don't see it. Look at this. She wiped all her bank records within 24 hours of accessing the system. Here, here again. Every time she... I need you to focus. There's no point in her intercepting the e-mails if she can't decrypt them. No, no, listen. Every time there's a payment. Yesterday, today, twice. She sent two more names out. I don't know where it's gonna happen. And who's gonna die. It's gonna be fine, if you find the code right now. I told you. It's not here. She's too careful. She must borrow the copy from the room and put it back when she's done. - I should've seen it. - Wait. Now you're telling me that her copy of the code is in a scif room? That's a vault! I'm sorry. The pattern. I didn't see it. - I didn't see any of this. - Get out of the chair! Which brings us to the Finley method. - Excuse me. I'm sorry. Are you leaving? - I've work to do. Folks, be right back. Turn to page seven. I'm sending myself a copy of everything encrypted. - Let's go. - Let's hit the reset button. Do it together. Hit the button. Let's reset the clock. No. Wait. We've to take her machines. No. We've to take her machines. We've to find the names. She could've buried it. No. We have to warn the guardians. No! We have to! The darkness will come. The darkness will come, and you'll see! You'll look up, the stars will go out, and every night, every night... We can be positive, Shannon. This is all about us. You're killing me here. Oh, come on. Enough. Come on, Spencer. Come on. They're all gonna die. We don't have the code. They're all gonna die. I could... I'll try to hack into Shannon's computer again remotely. If I leave a line open, maybe I can catch her when she uses the code. You can't. If you get caught, she can trace where you leave... She sent more names! We don't know who or where, but they're gonna die, and those files you stole are useless without a copy of Zydeco. - That's not true. We can use... - There's no point in trying. No. There's no use in even... Even attempting to break that code. You understand? - The whole life of the universe. - Listen, please! If you think you can break in to the scif room to steal that code, that's never gonna happen. - There's a nine-digit keypad. - I'm not going. Shannon and her friends from Procyon A won't just sit back and watch. Michael isn't going to decrypt the e-mails that Shannon stole. He's gonna use them as a prop to scare her. I don't see that. We're gonna convince her that someone's hunting for the leak. She'll stop selling names, cover her tracks. We'll tip the FBI when she goes to erase the scif room's access code. She'll be arrested, and no more spies die. There's justice for your friend. The alien goes to jail. Well, that sounds good. Is that what you were gonna say? If you want to keep your job, keep walking, keep your voice down, and act casual. We don't have a Jeremy Dresner in Virginia. I checked. Who are you? People we work for don't know my name, and neither will you. I'm the guy cleaning up your mess. That's all you get. What mess? Two days ago, you were an IT guy. Two days ago, I was shaking the tree. There's a leak coming from tech. That's your department. We're staring down the barrel of a federal case and a massive PR disaster. Zydeco's compromised. 3 American operatives are dead. This is ridiculous. I don't know who you are. - I'm calling my boss. - Go ahead. Use mine if you'd rather deal with a massive federal investigation. Shannon, the feds are just sniffing at this now. We got two days. After that, your stock options won't be worth the paper they're printed on. This doesn't make any sense. That embassy system is airtight. Zydeco was my project. Believe me, I know it was. Where did you get that? I need you to call upstairs, cancel all your appointments for the day. There's something I need you to see. Two weeks ago, I get a call from one of our employers. One of your programmers in your department got himself blown up. Brad Wilkins. They asked me to have a look. Cops said that was an accident. Miami Dade detectives make 56 grand a year. How much do you think I make? They didn't even know about this boat. Your boy Brad had it registered under his mother's name. - He was careful, just not enough. - Where'd he get those? That's what we're trying to find out. Try to keep up, honey. Notes in the margins. I learned about the leak because Brad found out about the leak. He was hunting them. Why he didn't share this, I don't know, but he sure did get himself killed. What do the notes say? He wanted to look at the scif access logs. - Now I do. - That's eyes only. - I'm not gonna show you that. - You absolutely will. Tomorrow is Saturday. There'll be nobody in the office. Meet me at 10:00 so I know you're clean. Then we go have a show-and-tell. Cellphones are basically wireless computers.</i> What's this? Upload the right program, and you've got a roving bug you can turn on remotely.</i> You'll keep that on you. If you need to talk to me before tomorrow, you'll use that, not the office, not the home phone. Last person who looked into this leak was killed. You never know who's listening. - What if we're not the only ones... - Tomorrow morning. No excuses. Be here. "We don't know who's listening". Guess we're up and running. 10 by 10. How'd Virgil's boat work out? Did I tell you about the marlin we caught off of Pigeon Key? Yeah, a few times. Do you mind keeping an ear on Shannon tonight? I got to head down to the airport, see if I can't motivate our pal Diego. Front companies generally make easy targets for burglary.</i> They don't want people wondering what they have to hide,</i> so they tend not to install a lot of lights,</i> alarms, and security cameras. And, of course, they'd never invite the police in to investigate,</i> so there's really no need to be shy about leaving clues.</i> But you got to admit, it's elegant. We catch Shannon wiping the access log tonight, and she goes to jail.</i> It's not the crime. It's the cover-up.</i> I understand the plan. I just don't like it. I wish we could forget about this catch-her-in-act, call-the-feds nonsense and drive to her house right now and finish this properly. - I should be home in bed right now. - Don't be dozing off out there. Freaking amateur hour around here. Yeah. Hold on. Yeah. It's Shannon. You find it? 10437 Crest, right? You sure you want to do this? I don't know. You wanna get the needle? I told you, there's heat on me at work. An IP address at that location tried to hack me, some nut from the office. I am not taking chances. We got to tie this up cleanly. - You cannot be around... - I'll put a timer underneath the house. Same as Brad. It goes off at midnight. I'll be long gone by then.</i> Good, and get off the phone. Fi, did you hear that? Spencer stuck his neck out, and she caught him. It'll take me 20 minutes to get to Spencer's. I'll have to leave the front door. What if she comes to wipe the log? He's on the other side of town. I can't get there. You gotta go. Hey, Sam. Do you need some bowls? Mike, you got to get to Spencer's house. Shannon set a bomb. - <i>It's under the house.</i> - It's gonna take me 25 minutes. Fi said 20. I got my money on you. Get your ass in gear. You can't be here! I'm not one of them! Fi, we've got a minute. Come on. You can't talk to him when he gets like that. - If you're here... - We missed her. She's gonna erase everything. Did you see the news? Nobody was home.</i> - <i>I should've triggered the bomb myself.</i> - <i>Don't. Do not second-guess me.</i> I took care of the thing at work. We should be clear.</i> I'll call you. On the phone? Messages from Procyon A don't usually... - No. They come on beams of light. - This must be a special occasion. You know, desperate times? You tried to hack her files, didn't you? Yeah. We were in such a rush before. I thought if I took one more shot... - Were they talking about killing me? - You're gonna be all right. There's no way to catch her. You heard her. She wiped the evidence. We're gonna have to convince her to give us new evidence. Now that you're the only one she has reason to be afraid of, you're going to have to help. Oh, no. What are you... How? For starters, you're gonna have to be able to string two sentences together. You're gonna have to talk to Shannon. You got to be kidding me. She's one of their leaders. Even the Guardians fear her. Spencer, this is really important. You must stick to the script. You cannot mention aliens, light beams, or any of it. Shannon can't find out we know what she is. She can't find out that her cover's blown. She'll call in for backup... All the other beings. Okay. That makes sense. There is no leak. I checked the scif access log. There's nothing. I think we need to consider the possibility that Brad... There's a leak, but we got bigger problems. Somebody else found out. I got a call this morning from a Spencer Watkowski. You've seen him. He waters plants at the office. He's ex-NSA. He's a real heavy hitter. That's impossible. - The guy, he's a nut. He's way off. - Yeah. Nice cover, don't you think? He wants to meet, but what I can't figure out is why he wants you there with me. Breathe, Spencer. I said no surprises. Why'd you bring a bodyguard? Because she's the one who's selling names of spies, and she killed my friend Brad and she tried to kill me. - You're the leak? - That's not true. It is true. She's a murderer and a traitor. Now, if you want this to be kept quiet, then I'm gonna need $5 million in cash. - You don't have a shred of proof. - I know everything. I know your whole dark plan, and I know that you're one of them. Ms. Park is one of those who doesn't cover her tracks as well as they think. Yesterday, her password was "Goldleaf1510". - Have you changed it yet, Shannon? - Yeah, you should see her computer. She's got Zydeco-encrypted e-mails that look like this, and when she decodes them, they look like that. It's a fake. He doesn't have the code. He's bluffing. This is pathetic. If you want to stay for this charade, you can. I'm leaving. Bluffing? How do I know that you're setting up a deal to sell another name to the Venezuelans? $5 million? I'll bring the cash here at 10:00. You'll bring a copy of everything you have. Fine, but don't try and bring backup, don't try and bring friends from Proc... It'll be me and the money. Venezuela? How did you... The patterns, sometimes, when you study them long enough. Also, I saw a file labeled "Caracas" when I tried to hack her, but I couldn't get in, so... I can't believe you're this stupid. You put a hit out on him? Who else knows? A thug. He's nobody. I found him in a biker bar. He knows nothing. Give me his name and address. I'm cleaning this up. Why did you agree to pay them? Why not just kill them? You really think I'm gonna pay them? We're going to the office. You're gonna give me a copy of Zydeco. I'm gonna pin that on their bodies along with embassy e-mails. - I don't understand! What do you... - Are you really this slow? It has to look like he stole the code and the e-mails from an embassy. If the problem is on the client's side, then we're protected. Stone Kittredge stock doesn't take a hit. I can't get into the scif room on a weekend without people finding out. Do you really think you're gonna keep your job? Today's your last day, honey. You're gonna run, and never gonna stop. You understand? Is that Zydeco? Where are the e-mails? My computer, but we have to print them out from a printer outside the building - so the Feds can't trace them. - Yeah. I may skip that part. What... This isn't goodbye. I'll say hi at your trial. Let's see if this works. This is special Agent Johnson. Hello. Hi. Hello. This is... Never mind. I was calling because there's a traitor locked in the scif room at Stone Kittredge. What did you say? And there's a gig of state department e-mails on Shannon Park's computer, so you'd better get down here. And you really should bring some backup. That bitch is an alien. Maybe he got abducted. Sorry I'm late. Thanks for meeting me. I don't really trust the phones, so... I wanted to be sure you saw the paper. Shannon's copping a plea. We saw it. She's going to testify against the guy who killed Brad. You ask me, something's wrong when we don't hang traitors anymore. Doesn't seem right. You look good, Spencer. Oh, really? Well, I feel a little foggy. But the meds aren't great, but they come with the job, so it's worth it. I hooked him up with a crypto gig. Buddy of mine has a tech firm. - How you liking it, Spence? - It's great. In fact, look, I'm late. - I should probably go. - I'll walk with you. I have to make a stop myself. And, you guys, thank you. Thank you for listening to me. You probably shouldn't have listened to anything I said, but I'm glad you did. - You got him a job. - I actually am kind of a sweetheart. So, there's one more thing I wanted to tell you about all the aliens. Spencer, I thought that you were... I know they're not real. I just wanted to explain. In the beginning, the first messages, this light in the window, this... This beautiful equation, I should have said something. I should have just told people. But it was all secret and in code, and I didn't have anyone I could trust. And you're lucky. You're lucky to have people like that. If there's ever anything I can do... I had some bowls like that once. That is crazy. I got this in an online auction. Had to beat out some nasty Russians who were overbidding on everything. I knew you liked Colombian art, so I thought, "What better way to say I still want us to be friends"? My boss has noticed your auction screen name. MichaelHeartsDiego. You heard about that. I'm embarrassed. Nice choice you gave me. Cop to the fact that I made contact with you, or admit to skimming and accepting bribes from enemies of the state. - Did you choose "A"? - You're getting what you want. I've been assigned to be your point of contact here in Miami. You see? Now you don't have to leave town. No one has to lose. It's a win-win. Well, I get to win twice. The new perk of my job is that I get to tell you this. The Company is not interested in your services at this time. Really? Maybe you should show them this. They know. Did you really think that would get you back in? The boys upstairs don't want to pin a medal on anyone for that mess. They want to sweep it under the rug. Get to know me, Diego. I'm not one of the bad guys. They did say they'd review your file. I wouldn't hold my breath, but who knows? - Tell me, how did it go? - To be honest, I'm not sure. They're gonna need some more convincing. Even then, I don't know. Whatever happens... One of us will be happy, I guess. Why can't you be with me on this? Talking to you is like talking to Spencer. You're both so focused on one thing. It clouds everything else. It's a crazy way to live, Michael. You know what? I am like him. We both see the world a certain way, and we have skills to make it better. That's not a bad thing. I don't want to keep ducking this, so let me be straight. This job, what we just did, saving American lives, this is the type of work I was made for, Fi. It's what my old job gave me a chance to do every single day. So, no, getting back in isn't just... a way to survive, to protect the people I love. It's what I want. And if you truly care about me, you should damn well want for me what I want for myself.