You're blacklisted. When you're burned, you've got nothing...</i> no cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI...</i> You know spies, a bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too</i> - Is that your mom again? - if you're desperate. - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... as long as you're burned,</i> you're not going anywhere. There are advantages to training with someone you're close to.</i> Knowing each other's moves makes training more effective.</i> But being involved in each other's personal lives</i> can also make training a lot more painful.</i> - Something you want to talk about, Fi? - Not really. I know you're not thrilled about me reaching out to the intelligence community. No. I don't have a problem with it. You want your old job back. I said I'd be supportive. Not a problem. Are you expecting company? That's like two days' worth of yogurt. That is either a brilliantly disguised bomb, or somebody knows the way to your heart. And they're shy. They didn't stick around. A thank-you gift from a client? Well, that's the most you've ever been paid for a job. Pretty soon, you'll be able to stop bumming money from me. It's a gift from your Agency friends, isn't it? Could be. Good for you. Looks like you're getting back in. Yogurt Team Meeting a new operative is a lot like going on a blind date.</i> You're bound to be nervous the first couple of times you do it.</i> But live through a few, and you get to be an expert.</i> You should arrive early, prepare an exit strategy,</i> and know you could be in for an ugly surprise.</i> I figured you'd run surveillance from the bistro 'cause of the sight lines, but you're the spy, right? This place is better. Better escape routes, better iced tea. - So, Michael, you like the yogurt? - No, I haven't tried it yet. I was always taught "Never take yogurt from strangers". Well, let's not be strangers, then. Name's Tom Strickler. And what is it that you do, Tom? Match people with opportunities. It's a bit like an agent. A man with your skills is extremely valuable, as I'm sure you're aware, and I just make sure all that doesn't go to waste. You're operating in Miami, with no resources, no operational support. That's no way to live. It's not safe, for you or the people you care about. - And you're the solution to that? - Yeah. I'm not asking you to change. You get to keep doing what comes naturally. - And what is that? - Surviving. You're great at surviving. Now, you're a man with enemies. We know that. But your enemies have enemies of their own. People that'll pay to have you take care of their problems. Called synergy. The enemy of your enemy is your financial opportunity. - What's in it for you? - 10%. I'm putting together a deal for you now, actually. I heard a rumor about... an old associate of yours who's making a move to Miami. Figure the smart money's on Michael Westen in that fight. And you're the smart money. - Any details on this old associate? - Still working on that. Apparently, there's some Ukrainian who's very upset about an op you ran in the '90s. I'll let you know more as I get the details. - Sorry. I'm not a killer for hire. - Let's not get ahead of ourselves. This might be a killing thing. It might not. Let me do my homework, and we'll discuss. There's nothing to discuss. Well, the thing is, this guy's coming one way or another... You have my number. We'll talk soon. Unless the Ukrainian cuts your tongue out first, right? So, who's the secret admirer? Whoever they are, they have good taste in yogurt. His name's Strickler. He says someone I crossed paths with in the Ukraine is in town, looking to settle an old score. And he's here to profit from any bloodshed. Charming. Who's the Ukrainian? Strickler claims not to know, which is inconvenient, because there's people from that region who would like to see me stop breathing. I know a guy. Goes by Beck. He might be able to help. He's made a lot of money for some very powerful people over there. If he's Ukrainian, he'll be able to fill you in. Based in Miami? Started as a local gangster and went big-time. He hijacks cargo and ships it, like FedEx with a Kalashnikov set. He's about as connected as a hustler who doesn't speak Russian can get. Think you can get me a meeting? You don't want me as go-between. I may have intercepted a couple of his shipments once. Sparkly new P90s, Michael. They deserved a good home. So I get to walk up to him cold? Great. At least you'll get a good coffee. I know his favorite spot. Yeah, Sam. Yeah, Mike, I'm at your mom's. She got some curtains from a guy named Tom Strickler. Is this a business associate of yours? Put it this way. You know that broker that contacted you in Germany in '89? Yeah, Mueller. Tried to pay me to "accidentally" blow up a factory during an operation. - Bloodsucker. - I have my own parasite. Some Ukrainian's in town looking for me. If I can get to him before he does... Strickler cuts you a check, and you're one step closer to being a mercenary. - What are you gonna do? - Run down the Ukrainian through a contact of Fi's. Sam, can you... Check out Strickler? I'm on it. No one else gave me a house-rewarming present, not even the guy who blew up my house. Maddy, I thought we were over that. Forgiveness is a process. Pick me up some curtain rods, and maybe. Fine. Curtain rods. You got it. The cold approach is something you try to avoid in intelligence work.</i> You want to ease into a relationship over time.</i> When that's impossible, you just have to turn on the charm and hope for the best.</i> John Beck, right? Name is Michael. I heard that you might be able to help me with a situation. - Word is you're a guy with connections. - That's what they say. - I just need a little information. - Why should I give it to you? I'm a good friend to have. Let me explain something to you. I don't have friends. I'm a businessman. I got rivals. I got associates. I even got a few enemies. But friends? Sorry, that's not how I roll. I just need help tracking down a Ukrainian who might be in town looking for me. - Sounds like you're in a bind. - Could be. - That's what I'm trying to find out. - Good luck. Not my problem. A while ago, one of your shipments of P90s was "diverted". I can make sure that kind of thing stops. See, I don't like people in my business. This here friendship has gotten off to a bad start. Friendships are about give and take. You give me the information, I'll take care of your shipment issues. How about I give you one more chance to get out of here before I shoot you in the face? That Ukrainian I mentioned... He brought a few extra guys into town with him. I'd get down. A flash-bang grenade temporarily impairs hearing and vision.</i> I'd get down. It makes fighting back or attempting escape</i> futile and dangerous to civilians. So if you have to shoot blind, it's better to use a camera than a gun.</i> That was a short meeting. In a hostage situation, the same things that get you killed</i> will extend your life. Look, I don't know who you guys are, okay? I got no problem with you, I guarantee that you don't want no problems from me or the people that I work with. So let's cut this thing off right here. No harm, no foul. Everybody goes home, and we just forget all about it. If you have money, you'll live till you pay.</i> If you have information, you'll live till you talk.</i> Come on! Look, you got the wrong guy! I'm not a part of this. I just met him for the first time five minutes ago. What do you think they're gonna do? Drop you off at Starbucks, give you a couple of bucks for a cup of coffee? Shut up. We'll figure it out. Come on. I'm serious! You got the wrong guy! And if you have nothing, you're pretty much disposable.</i> Excuse me. We need to keep this area clear. Well, you know, I was in here, and I ran out when those men showed up. And my husband, he's still in here. Go ahead. Sam, I'm at the café where Michael was meeting Beck. - What's wrong? - He's gone. So is Beck. An extraction team. Professionals, from what I'm overhearing. Jesus. You think Mikey's Ukrainian made his move already? Well, he moved quicker than anyone expected. Wait a second. Michael's cell. He took a picture of the team. You know what? We gotta find Strickler. Maybe he can put names to these faces. - I don't trust that guy. - Yeah, well, he's all we got. Plus, it'll give us a chance to kick his teeth in. I'm wearing my teeth-kicking heels. See you in five. There is something wrong? Not at all. Why would you think that? So why you packing your gun and your bulletproof vest? Nothing to worry about. I just gotta run an errand. Really? So tell me about this errand. After the adrenaline rush of an operation comes a crash.</i> Heightened reflexes and awareness don't last.</i> Two boring hours of driving later, even the sharpest killing machine lets down his guard.</i> You don't wanna meet this guy Chechik. When it's time, get to the back door and open it. What are you doing? Just remember. Set your jaw. You traitor! You son of a... Are you thinking of selling me out to Chechik? I will kill you! - You've to head into the trees. - I got nothing to do with this! I don't even know him! What do you want, an apology? Let's go! Look, Maddy, how many times do we have to go over this? We're doing a little practice thing. Mike is fine, I swear. You're gonna hear some swearing if you don't tell the truth. Sam, what is taking you so long? There's Fiona. She never shows up when there's trouble. I'm telling you, There's no trouble. Fi's just here to pick me up for... A movie. Really? Well, I'm in the mood for a matinee. Should I bring a gun? Don't you patronize me. I have a right to know what's happening with my son. Did I fall apart the last time you told me what was going on? Someone took Michael. - They took him? Where? - That's what we need to find. The second you find out anything, I expect you to call me. Let me remind you, you're staying in my guest room. You call me, or god as my witness, I will smother you in your sleep. All right, all right. We'll call. Wait, wait. Stop, right now! We don't have time for this. You wanna shoot me? You'll have the same problem, just with one less bullet. Maybe I'll drag your ass back to that road as a peace offering. - I deal with Russians. - You speak the language? - I got guys for that. - You better learn fast. Chechik didn't hire ambassadors. They're not gonna wait for a translator before they start shooting. I'll put a bullet in our head. That don't require translation. Listen, Beck, I got you into this. I will get you out. - If we head east... - You wanna go deeper into the woods? We got enough problems without adding alligators to the list. You go whatever way you want. I'm going... I'm going this way. Beck, save your ammo. Few days wandering around here starving, you're gonna want to eat that bullet. If you wanna survive, Beck, follow me. You missed a spot. You're Michael's friends? - Where is he? - Want a mojito? Don't look so concerned, sweetheart. Our favorite spy is in a bit of a jam, and you're hoping I can get him out. I wish it was that simple. I was the one telling him to keep his head down 'till I find out more about who was after him. And? - I've some calls out. - You've got some calls out? I suggest you try harder. No need for theatrics. I want Michael alive as much as the next guy. Unless, of course, the next guy's Ukrainian. You know him? Michael took this picture before he was snatched. I know that pretty boy. His name's Blad Byrubin, Balubin? "B" something. Last time I checked, he's part of a criminal syndicate run by Pyotr Chechik. Chechik? That rings a bell. Mikey met him back in'97 when he blew up a... Let's just say that he really hates Mikey. Where is Chechik? Well, guys with records like him don't cross borders too easily. If he is in Miami, he didn't fly commercial. I know some of the pilots that do the Miami/Eastern Europe route. Could put out some feelers. Give me a couple of hours. I'm not giving you a couple minutes. I want names now. When on the run, subtle things like broken branches, flattened grass, </i> and disturbed ground can give you away to an expert tracker.</i> An inexperienced tracker may require a more obvious trail.</i> What is this? You trying to get us killed? Followed. We need to lead them deeper in, turn their strengths to weaknesses. Their bulletproof vests , their guns will get heavy. We got to get them farther Whatever you got planned, they're far enough . - Listen. - You, listen. I grew up in the Florida backwoods. I spent my life trying to get out. I fought my way down to Miami so I'd never have to swat bugs in another mangrove swamp, and now you dragged me back. I say we make our stand right here. You want to make a stand? Can we make the stand over there? Still think you can take them? There's five of them. - I got five rounds. - That's your plan? You've a 100% kill rate It's better than running around in a swamp! I ain't too bad with a gun. I'll  teach you . You fire, they'll get our position. They'll flank us and pin us down. We have to separate them. We got to lead them little farther in. - And then we strike? - And then we strike. Looks like the guy Strickler said flew Chechik into the country. Why anyone would allow him to pilot a plane is beyond me. Great. A drunk with a gun. - This calls for subtlety. - I can do subtle. I don't like to. But I can. What is a sweet, little girl like you doing in a big, bad bar like this? I'm looking for a big, bad man... Like you. Come with me or say goodbye to your two closest friends. Give me your shoelaces. I may not be Rambo, but if you're making a trap... It doesn't have to work. They'll see it and figure we're close. They'll fan out, we'll injure them. - We're injuring them? - It'll slow them down. If I have to drag a complaing pain in the ass through the woods, - they can, too. Give me your shoelaces. - You know what. Maybe it's time we listen to the guy with a gun for a while. Fine. Now give me your shoelaces. Mr. Smartass. All right. Let's try this again. Give me your shoelaces. Please. Yeah, Maddy. You wanted me to call, so I'm calling. You find Michael? No, but we found some guy who might be able to tell us where he is. We're leaving Hallandale right now. We're heading over to the loft to ask him questions. You bring him here instead. It's closer than Michael's loft, and you don't have time to waste. Fanning out in a search pattern is a great way to cover a lot of area, </i> but it also divides your forces. - Stand back! - Don't. We need him alive, remember? You wanna hit him? Anytime. Military units are a lot like marching bands.</i> Take out the guy conducting the operation,</i> and you'll throw everyone out of sync.</i> Pretty soon, all you have left is sound and fury.</i> We got two guns, explosives, a serious knife. We could even the odds real quick. Not until they call Chechik. We need to lure him out here. What? If we get Chechik, we can end this. You want more men out here? When you started out, who was the biggest hijacker in Miami? - Cuban guy. Montez. - How did you take him down? Well, I paid one of his guys to let me into his place, and then I stuck a gun in his mouth until he decided to move back to LA. You dealt with the problem at the top. That's what we're doing. - If they don't call Chechik? - They will. They're in over their heads, and they know it. See? Don't get cocky. You've been running up frequent-flier miles with a lot of shady characters. I wonder what the Feds would think. I told you, man. All I do is fly the plane. I doubt the boys in suits would see it that way. Chechik is a bad guy. War crimes, murder for hire. Why do you think I'm keeping my mouth shut? That guy is more afraid of Chechik than he is of us. - We have to squeeze him harder. - If by "Squeeze", you mean "Choke"... - He can't talk if he can't breathe. - He can whisper. I've good hearing. You push him too hard, he's gonna snap. And then he's gonna start making crap up. Sam Axe wisdom. How you doing? You comfortable? You need anything? Mind if I sit? You want a cigarette? Mind if I do? I don't mean to bother you. I need a peace and quiet. They get loud when they're angry. Luckily, this place is well-insulated. You can't even hear a peep from outside. Probably why they like it so much. I'm sorry. I hope I didn't give you the wrong impression. I have never once, ever, ever seen them make anyone suffer. If they don't think you'll break, they end it quick. You sure you don't want a cigarette? It's good for the nerves. It's not like you've to worry about getting cancer anymore. I'm sorry. Did I hurt you? There you go. Good, huh? - I don't micromanage you. - I'm not micromanaging you, either. He dropped them off a few hours ago. A cabin in the middle of the swamp. There's no address, but I got the latitude and longitude. How? Honey, I've met guys like this before. They're brave when people are yelling. So you gonna go get my son, or do I have to do that, too? When fighting in the wilderness, the biggest threats are often the ones you don't see.</i> Dehydration, exhaustion, and nerves. But boatloads of hostiles don't help, either.</i> - There's Chechik. - Damn! Is there a Russian word for "hardass"? If we can get him into the woods, we'll have enough cover to separate him. You sound confident for a guy hiding in a jungle with a pair of slacks. We wanted Chechik. There he is. Yeah, along with more men, more guns, and damn airboats, man! We go, we take out Chechik, and all those guys will come after us. The men who work for you, if you were taken out, what would they do? - Shoot the bastards who did it. - Really? You really think so? You said you had no friends. All right, think like a businessman. How long would they stomp in this swamp once the guy who cuts their checks is out of commission? - How you doing? - Yeah, how you doing? What'll it take to rent one of these babies for a couple hours? 90 bucks, plus insurance. $25 for basic coverage, $15 for supplemental liability. Does that cover small-arms fire? What my friend here is saying is, we're not big on paperwork. 50 extra bucks, you guys weren't even here. Look. We just disappeared. Thanks. That's Chechik. Some things never change. So, we get him when he goes into the woods, huh? - Only he ain't going into the woods. - We've to get him to move. Point is... No, the point is that you wanted them to call for backup, and they did. Now we're outnumbered five to one. In battle, not even the best-laid plans survive contact with the enemy.</i> If you want to survive, you have to be willing to improvise.</i> - All right, if you distract his men... - Wait, wait, wait! Distract a dozen guys with guns? Forget it! You and me are done! I'd rather take my chances with Mr. Hardass. Beck, stop. You're gonna get killed. So, what you gonna do, shoot me? Give away your position? Of course, there's such a thing as too much improvisation.</i> It's like you said. I'm a businessman. I got something they want. Now it's time to negotiate. I wanna make a deal! You want Westen, I can give you Westen! Get up. You think you can reach that bank underwater? Guess I have to. You know, I should have shot you when you first interrupted my coffee. Let's not dwell on missed opportunities. You know, I got 25 people on my payroll. I got people who report to people who report to people. And here I am, in the middle of nowhere, about to die from a damn leg wound! Well, you're not alone. The hell I'm not. - You gonna stick around, watch me die? - No, we're gonna get through this. What? What are you, crazy? You've seen what happens to people with wounds here. Look, it doesn't have to be that way. But you have to decide. Are you ready to trust me and figure out a plan, or do you want to die out here? Is it really that tough of a call? Delaying tactics aren't the most glamorous part of a battle plan,</i> but they're often the most important.</i> Slowing the enemy down buys you time to prepare the ground ahead of you,</i> and that, more than almost anything else, wins battles.</i> Where is your friend? I got nothing to say. Where is Michael? Why should I tell you? You're gonna kill me anyway! Maybe. Maybe not. You're nobody. I'm here for Westen. You tell me where he is, and I'll give you some water and bandages for the wound. You see this? I swear on the cross, on the eyes of my children. All right. Fine. He went that way. There's a swamp... where the airboats can't go. The pilot dropped Chechik a few miles up. If Michael's not there, I hope you brought bug spray. Right there. That must be Chechik's airboat. They got to be close. For a spy, there's no shame in retreat.</i> When faced with a more powerful enemy,</i> you're trained to get out of the way and keep moving.</i> It's not about running away or giving up.</i> The goal of any retreat is to find the right place</i> to marshal your resources and make a stand.</i> Military history is filled with stories of small forces taking on larger ones.</i> Whether it's David fighting Goliath or the French resistance fighting the Nazis,</i> the strategy is basically the same. You have to choose the right ground, deploy your resources carefully, and remember that the greatest weapon in any battle is surprise.</i> Give me the radio. Well, well, Michael. Here we are again, after so many years. You, me, plenty of guns. I almost forgot how much I enjoyed the hunt. You know, I thought after serving 10 years for war crimes you would have found a new hobby. 10 years just made me want to find you more. I never get over the one that got away.</i> I'm flattered. You brought a whole army just to find little old me? Times change. An army that big, I got to fold my laundry. I work for Fedor Markov now. Markov? You know, I liked you KGB officers better before you sold out. At least you believed in something. You should be happy, Michael. We all live American dream, dream spies like you helped make. Open borders, free markets. Everyone's friends.</i> Look at me. Ukrainian with Russian team,</i> German weapons, funding from the West. So many backgrounds, so many people working together just to drag... every secret out of Michael Westen's head</i> before we cut it off and feed it to the dogs. But enough talk. As much as I'd like to catch up, you should have turned your radio off. You should stick to hunting things that don't fight back. Get your men to drop their guns, do it now. All right. Nothing you have to worry about anymore. Get up. - Thanks, man. - Easy-peasy, huh? I expect some serious memory loss. You understand? You think this is over? Shevchenkos look out for their own. Markov will find you. Don't you know it's rude to drop names? Yeah, stupid, too. Especially when a nobody like me can drop bigger ones. All those KGB colonels in the Russian mafia? Well, they work for an old KGB general who happens to be a business associate of mine. I don't want to name names, but he can controls about 800 miles of the Siberian oil pipeline. Yeah, I do all their import/export work. You nearly cost them a lot of money. I'm gonna have to give them a call, see how they feel about that. I give you $50,000, and I swear you'll never see me again. - I know I won't. - Get this fool out of here. Stop. $100,000. Don't be stupid! Come on! There's not enough money in the world. Next time you get kidnapped, can you stay out of the Everglades? There ain't gonna be no next time, at least not for these boys. And you still owe me a shipment of P90s. Don't think I forgot. I'll make sure they get to you. You know, one day, we're gonna look back on this as a nice day out in nature. Yeah, don't push it. I'll just say this. You said you were a good friend to have. Could do worse. What brings you two out to this neck of the woods? Well, you know, it's such a sunny day. I thought you might need these. I'm beginning to think I should get you one of those harness things. You know, like they have for toddlers. You've been wandering off a little too much these days. It's nothing I can't handle, mom. No, see, you don't get to act that casual when I'm interrogating strange men in my garage to save your life. I'm sorry about that, mom. Whatever. Getting answers out of him was a lot easier than getting them out of you. Be careful. Do you like my new curtains? You hung your curtains by yourself? Actually, no. Some very nice people came over and did it. They were sent over by your friend Strickler. Wonderful. Try not to wrinkle them when you're sweeping them for bugs. No gift basket? So nice to have you back in town. No, no gift basket. I got you something better. Your share of the Ukrainian deal. Turns out a group of Baltic separatists wanted Chechik out of the picture just as much as you did. Some quick negotiating on my part, and, voila, your day-trip to the swamp paid for itself. I didn't fight off Chechik for the cash. I know. You did it for you. This is just a wonderful by-product. This is just the beginning. I can get you whatever you want. Let me save you some time. I'm never gonna work with you. Not for the money, not for the yogurt, for the curtains. I'm not a mercenary. But you gotta ask yourself this. What is it that you want? What is it that you deserve? A man with your skills, with your background, burned, out in the cold, with nothing?