You're blacklisted.</i> When you're burned, you've got nothing.</i> No cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI.</i> You know spies... A bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too...</i> - Hey, is that your mom again? - <i>If you're desperate.</i> - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... Until you figure out who burned you,</i> you're not going anywhere. Let me tell you a story. It starts with me nearly getting blown up. You remember that, right? Well, the way the door was rigged, I realized the bomber had to leave from the balcony. Sure enough, the security camera down the block caught him on tape. Hold that! He was a hard man to find. But eventually we connected. Turns out he was a hired gun. Good guy, really, gave me a lead on the offshore bank that paid him. I tried to follow the money, but that turned out to be a dead end. Whoever tired to kill me, he's paranoid, careful, and he knows I'm close. That is quite a mouthful, Michael. - Thank you, Carla. - You know, I'd love to believe you. I'd also love to know why somebody who's normally so careful to keep his mouth shut has suddenly blossomed into such a storyteller. You blaming me for playing this close to the vest? It was a leak in your organization that nearly got me killed. I need you to back off. I can't draw him out with the suits-and-sunglasses crowd following me around. You can have more leash if your story checks out, - but if you hold back on me, Michael... - You'll go after my family, kill me? Talking with you is always such a pleasure. You have a nice day, Carla. You didn't tell her it was Victor. The man has tried to kill you twice, - and you're protecting him. - He's the one enemy I know Carla has. I'd like to at least talk to him before I turn him in. You think he'll stop trying to kill you long enough for you to grab lunch and have a chat? Everybody loves a free lunch. Can you show this around in areas Victor might be laying low? Cash motels, campsites? Okay, I'll tell people he's wanted in connection with a dog-fighting ring. They'll call. Hi, mom. Don't "Hi, mom" me. You drag me out of my house at a moment's notice, and you can't even bother to pick me up yourself? You had to send Sam? - No offense. - None taken. I'm just trying to lock things down as fast as I can. - It's a little dangerous right now. - How dangerous, Michael? Just a bad guy in town. But you don't have to evacuate. You just have to... Stay here with me. With you? Here? In this dump? What? Sam, you forget to lock the front gate? No. Sam. Yeah, Mike? He was talking to me. Who are you? I'm Samantha. Michael and I used to be engaged. Season 2, Episode 15: Sins of omission. Synchro VO: S@lomon www.subbers-in-black.com For a spy, compartmentalizing is second nature.</i> Information is given on a need-to-know basis.</i> In your professional life, this approach keeps you safe.</i> In your personal life, it can be dangerous.</i> Another Sam. This is gonna be confusing, huh? Have you ever been secretly engaged to my son? No. Then I think we'll be able to tell you apart. Fair enough. I can't believe it. No, I can believe it. It's just like Michael. Look, ladies, don't be too hard on Mike. I'm sure there's a very good reason why he never mentioned her before. I mean, you know, these things just happen sometimes. Anybody else need a drink? No? Okay. Michael, is everything... Sorry, it's just not the best time to be popping in out of the blue. Why are you so paranoid? - Thought you were out of the spy game. - Yeah, that's the problem. How did you find me? - Your mom's in the book. - I'm not. She had your address in her kitchen drawer. Sorry. I just... needed to find you. I didn't think you'd ever want to see me again. I didn't have a choice. I'm in a lot of trouble, Michael. I could use all the help that I can get. His name is Tyler Brennen, a black-market trader. Used to work in military intelligence. That's him right there on the balcony. Evil son of a bitch. About a month ago, he came to me with a job offer. - What line of work are you in, Sam? - Acquisitions. No need to be coy, dear. If you're a thief, say you're a thief. You're among friends. Brennen wanted me to rob AFC industries. It's a defense contractor here in Miami. The prize was a state-of-the-art guidance chip, - something to do with UAV spy drones. - UAV drones? - Tell me you passed on the job. - Well, I tried to. Okay, Mike, I'm sorry, but I can't help steal military technology. - I shouldn't even be hearing about it. - I don't need help stealing it. Come on! I thought this was a "get to know the ex" lunch. Now it's a "19 government agencies are chasing me" lunch? I got away clean. But when they realize it's missing, they're gonna know it was me. How? I had to get a job there to get access. My key-card activity will give me away. I'm new, I went in at night, and if you check my history, you'll see that... Sam, why would you... I didn't have time to do it any other way. Brennen kidnapped my son. This is the ransom. You have a son? Charlie's 9. When did you... Is he...? No. No, he's not. But he needs you. When I think about what might happen to him, I... - What do you want us to do? - The trade's tomorrow. I don't want to give this to Brennen, but I need my boy back. Please. The site of a deal can tell you a lot about who you're doing business with.</i> If it's private, they value control. If it's public, they want to get in and out anonymously.</i> If they've somehow found a site that gives them both,</i> you're dealing with somebody who really knows what he's doing.</i> - We're all clear for now. - Place is a nightmare, Mike. I mean, you got tons of foot traffic outside here. We got so many approaches, we'll never see him coming. If we can't jump him on his way in, we're gonna let her make the trade. Are you crazy? Putting military hardware into this guy's hands? Do you see another way? There's a kid involved. Nobody wants him to get hurt. I'm just saying, we got to get that chip back in the right hands and soon. Otherwise, they're never gonna stop looking for Samantha. Sam, you go with Samantha, oversee the hand-off. Brennen won't expect you, but he won't blow the deal over a little backup. Fi, you set up with a view of the meeting. When you see that Charlie's safe, give me the signal. I'll take Brennen down on his way out. - I know I owe you some answers. - You don't owe me anything. I knew Samantha before I met you. We were in St. Petersburg in '97. She was helping me on a job, and things moved quickly. Then I realized we didn't have what we needed to make it last. What was that? Trust? Let's not do this now. We have a job to do. I've always wanted to tell you. I was just waiting for the right time. Well, it wasn't the right time when we met, it wasn't the right time when we started dating, and it wasn't the right time when I moved to Miami. No, it was the right time to tell me when she showed up on your front step. That about right? So, four iced teas? I'm not that late. You're hiding out. Is Madeline still pissed? - I don't want to talk about it. - Okay, all right. Look, Mike, I know you've been a little wound up, so I brought a little present, something to cheer you up. Oh, no, no, no. This is way too good. I'm gonna do a show-and-tell. Buddy of mine did some research on Victor. Victor Stecker-Epps. I mean, he's got a last name like a female middle-distance runner, but this is a bad man, Mike. Black-ops hard-ass. You're not the first guy he tried to kill. Just the first one he missed. It's a great read. If Carla's people burned him, it's all fiction. - How did he get burned? - Good question. July '03. Things get a little bloody down Mexico way. Victor denied the hits, but a guy named Philip Cowan burns him anyway. Five years working for Carla alone. I have a hunch he's ready to make a friend. Mike, I don't know. This one, you should be careful. I mean, if half this crap is true, Victor's a lot like you, only with, you know, rabies. Mom, I didn't think you'd still be up. Obviously. Mom, what can I say? I'm sorry you have to stay here. Jesus, Michael. That's not what you should be sorry for. Samantha. I was getting to that. Mom, I'm sorry. It just never came up. It was a long time ago. You know, so was World War II, but they still talk about it. I want to know about the woman who almost married my son. She is a pisces, she does "security", and she hasn't been in my life in a decade. And she has a son who's been kidnapped. Sam told me. Is he yours, Michael? I don't know. But I'm gonna get him back. - Hello? - Michael? You're gonna have to speak up, I can barely hear you! Victor, sounds like you're enjoying Miami. Nothing like a near-death experience to get the juices flowing. Am I right, or am I right? I'm trying to cut back, myself. Is that why you didn't shoot at me the other night? Or were you trying to make friends? What's going on in that pretty head of yours? Vic, we have so much in common, so much to talk about. - Let's get together. - I love it. Let's do it. When and where? I'll be there. Yes, you will be, but let's make that a surprise, all right? - Victor... - I'll see you soon, sport. I promise. - <i>Tell me what you see, Fiona.</i> - Old Sam looks sweaty. Just trying to cut the tension, Michael. Wait. There's Brennen. He used a southwest approach. Well, I'm in position. If he doesn't leave this way... He'll have to get past me. "Come alone"... I guess that was too hard to understand. Who's your friend, Sam? Call me Chuck. It'll be less confusing. I'm just here to make sure everything goes smoothly. Well, Chuck, number one, RSVP next time, and number two, shut up. I was talking to her. The chip... Let's see it. Where's my son? Where's Charlie? Trust me. I'm not looking to adopt. I'm looking to retire. But you don't see him until I see the chip. Most black-market transactions tend to go the same way.</i> First, payment is inspected. Then the goods are brought to the table.</i> This standard sequence is meant to ensure both parties</i> - <i>against a blown deal,</i> - Curley. but that doesn't stop some people from bringing a little extra insurance.</i> - Charlie! - Mom! Charlie. Oh, come here, honey. Come here. He's fine. His arm is fine. Whether it stays that way is up to you. - Oh, sweetie. What did they do to you? - Be careful. That's not just a cast. See, you can't trot a kid out in public with a bomb strapped to his arm, but I had this nifty idea. Molded plastic explosive under the fiberglass, radio detonator with a mile radius. You can cut it off in 10 minutes. I'd appreciate it if you'd wait to start until I'm safely away. Hey, guys, thanks. It's been a real pleasure. I got him. No, stand down. Does he have the chip? Something's wrong, Michael. Let him go. You've got to let him go. This isn't the airport. No, it's not. Samantha, the guidance chip you stole isn't just expensive. It's worth lives, and when they realize it's gone, you're gonna have every security service in the western hemisphere after you. The engineer that built it is at a conference in Tokyo. He doesn't get back until Friday. I figure it's a pretty good head start. I could fall off the grid, - start over. - You could. What about him? You want Charlie celebrating his 8th birthday in a hut in Nicaragua? You really didn't think I'd notice he's not old enough to be mine? - Told you he wasn't yours. - You let me believe he might be. So, what? You never stretched the truth a little bit to help an innocent person? Come on, Michael. I don't want to run. I don't. I had every intention of putting it back, but, I mean, it's gone. No, it's not. We have till Friday. I'm gonna get it back and help you return it. - And how do you propose to do that? - Don't... Don't say "propose". What, she lock you out? No, I'm just getting some fresh air. Your mom's a chimney, Mike. Plus, Miss Commando is getting all worked up about an armed assault on Brennen's condo. He strapped a bomb to a kid. - How is Charlie? - He'll be fine. Sam's got family in Chicago. He'll be safe there. I lent her my car to bring him to the airport. You think she'll bring it back? - Well, she is a professional thief. - Jealous, Fi? - Don't be absurd. I'm not jealous. - You think you could pretend to be? Some cover IDs are about blending in.</i> Others are about making a splash. It all depends on whether it's more important</i> to fool your target or impress them. - Hey, fellas, just give me a sec. - It's okay, Curley. These two are just showing me they're mysterious, dangerous types that can break into my apartment. I should take them seriously. That's the idea here, right? Of course, if your target has a background in intelligence,</i> you often can't fool or impress them.</i> In that case, the best cover ID is none at all.</i> I'm Michael. I used to work in covert ops. This is Fiona. And you're here to help me pack? That's really sweet, guys. The furniture stays. It's a rental. - We have a mutual acquaintance. - Acquaintance? Samantha Keyes? She's upset about the deal that you two just did. She came to me for help. That thing she stole, she's planning on stealing it back. I'll bite. You're telling me this because... Samantha and I used to work together. Samantha and Michael slept together. We... we worked most of the time. Anyway, everything she knows, she learned from me. All I learned from her is I can't trust her. And Michael's now moved on, and I don't like to share. And I figured we could take care of our problem and yours. We're willing to help for the right price. Pass. Even if I bought your tale, which I really don't, I think I can handle a single mom on my own, spunky though she may be. I know Samantha little bit better than you do. My money's on her. Samantha told us that she kept a piece of your little doodad. You try to unload it, your buyer's gonna kill you or make you fix it. Either way, she gets another shot. You're gonna have to test it. I know people who can do that. I'm just thinking out loud here, but if I wanted to steal a really valuable object, going in as a helpful soul volunteering to test it might be my first move. Convince me you're on my side, and, hey, guys, it's a solid plan. One little caveat. I... don't... believe you. Fine. Check us out. I'm Michael Westen, she's Fiona Glenanne, and you need our help. If you're as smart as you think you are, you'll call us. Looks like he's planning on using the cash from the sale to disappear. Anybody who's touched that chip will be hunted across borders. He has to run. Well, he doesn't need to run to Nicaragua. With the money he can get for that chip, he can buy Nicaragua. Well, that's why he can't ignore a threat like you. If you rob him, sabotage the goods, he'll have to run with nothing. Oh, he'll call. I think. Well, if he doesn't, there's always tear gas and a battering ram. My ride is here. Michael's other woman beckons. I never actually thought I'd look forward to this. Excuse me. Oh, Michael. You forgot something. That's just a little game the two of us used to play. It's charming. - Are you and Michael... - No. I have to admit, you've restored a little of my faith in your abilities. I take it my story checked out. You keep this up, and you may just be our next employee of the month. How about you keep the plaque and give me my life back instead? You think you're kidding. Give us the man who killed our operatives, and you and I can have a little chat about your future. Show me you can keep your promise. I've started to see guys like them in my sleep. Back off, and I'm telling you, this guy will make his move. We'll leave you alone to work, but I can't give you much more time, Michael. Management's... getting anxious. Tell them I know the feeling. Hello? Michael Westen, I've been thinking about your proposal. I think we should talk. Why don't you come by around 4:00? Knock this time. I checked you out. Some of the stories I heard, I should actually have a higher caliber, probably. You decide to test the chip? - I sure did. - Fine. I'll set it up. I made my own arrangements, thank you. But I thought it'd be a good idea to... have you two where I could see you while I did it. My friend here is gonna take your cellphones, and we're gonna take a ride together. For the record... Pumpkin, I'm exactly as smart as I think I am. Testing guy, spies. Spies, testing guy. - What's going on? - Everything's fine. You're keeping it in the Caribbean? A little humid out there for such delicate electronics. The Caribbean? No, not gonna take that chance with guys like you around. It's in the air 23 hours a day. I know what you're thinking, Fi. Not yet. That's not what I'm thinking. We've got a visitor. I have to say, his timing's perfect. So? I can't vouch for performance, but the parts are there. Off you go. So, the chip is fine. Which means your offer to test it is looking less fine. Samantha lied to me. If you knew her, you wouldn't be surprised. It's all so confusing... Her lying to you, you lying to me. Who can keep it straight? You know, I think a couple of bullets in the back of both of your heads is gonna simplify things a lot. Yeah, well, it'll certainly simplify things for Samantha. Please, Fiona. I think I know who the thieves are here. Really? The guy at the fence line on the blue pickup truck? You can do better than that. - Friend of yours? - They don't watch me being executed. Samantha's scouting you. You think it's a coincidence that that guy's there at the same time the chip's out in the open? - Do you believe me now? - Not really. Get in the car. I want 5% of the sale price to provide security against Samantha. Make no mistake. She's coming, and you'll need the help. I'll hear you out. No guarantees. Listen, first of all, you're selling the chip at the airport, the one place she knows about. You're doing half of her job for her. Well, aren't you Mr. Helpful? The location is a challenge we're just gonna have to overcome, because my buyers aren't the sort of people you call up and say, "Oh, hey, change of plans". Here's the deal. You can help me with my Samantha problem, period. Works out, you get paid. How do I provide security with you tying my hands? God, I'm gonna miss this table. Lock down the hangar. You said you taught her everything. Think about what you'd do and then what you'd do to stop that. But we're doing the deal with my buyers in my hangar, where I'm in control. - Understand? - Lock it down. Understood. Okay, so, there's no way to get to the chip before the sale, no way to move the sale, no way to delay the sale. That South American hut's starting to look better and better. What we're left with is snatch-and-dash at the airport when the sale goes down. Sounds messy. Brennen's gonna have that place locked down tight. Well, at least I'm in charge of the lockdown. We're gonna have a lot of eyes on us, but we might be able to sneak in some special construction materials. Like we did in Dublin? She talking about that thing you and I did in St. Petersburg? I should take this. And I'm gonna leave... now. Victor. Well, you are an enigma wrapped in a schizophrenic, aren't you, sport? First you don't shoot at me, and then you set up a little firing squad. I need help selling a cover ID, nothing personal. We do have some fun, don't we? I really do want to get together. How soon can we do this? If you give me till Friday, I think I've got a way to make sure guns stay out of the equation. - Didn't mean to startle you. - Now I know where he gets his stealth. Samantha, I know you're busy, but... when this is over, I would love to take you to lunch, just to chat. - Now, that he didn't get from you. - What? Well, he's not exactly the chatty type, your son. No, guess he's not. He failed to mention that he had proposed to you. Actually, I proposed to him. Really? If you don't mind... - What happened? - I'm not really sure. We had fun. Mike was the first guy who really understood me. Then one day, it was just over. Never knew why. He just said goodbye, and he was gone. That sounds like Michael. From private homes to financial institutions to military encampments,</i> security consulting is a multibillion-dollar industry.</i> And while security consultants constantly tout new materials and technology,</i> the basic techniques haven't changed in 4,000 years.</i> Get a better view of any danger headed your way,</i> make your walls sturdier, and arm yourself well enough to fend off attacks.</i> Hardening a target against attacks from outside is pretty straightforward.</i> Which is why it's usually best to attack,</i> if you can, from the inside. Darling, are you ready to watch me become rich? I'm gonna relish this. What the hell? This is not good. If that plane doesn't come to us, we got to go to it. What if the buyers show? - We improvise. We're gonna need a car. - Sam! Yeah, that's far enough. You can't be serious. You're not gonna leave the plane out in the open. It's not that I don't appreciate all your work on the hangar. I just like to change things up. - Brennen, you don't understand. - No, you don't understand. Either your security worked and it scared Samantha away, in which case, I don't need it, or it didn't scare her away, she's ready for it, and I don't want it. Hola, amigos! Cómo estás? Now what? Una trampa! Come on! Do you see? What did I tell you? - How did they get into the airport? - I locked down the hangar! I didn't lock down the airport! I thought I missed my ride. You said Samantha was gonna try to steal the chip. - Did that look like a robbery to you? - Jesus, you're supposed to be smart! The only way out for Samantha was to steal the chip and put it back. When she couldn't do that, she knew they'd find her. So, she did the next best thing. She took you down with her. You wanted to buy a mansion and a private army in some non-extradition country? If I'm not mistaken, your money just left with your buyer. Good luck finding a new one. FBI, CIA, NSA, they'll all be on high alert. And after that, in less than 24 hours. You used to work with Samantha. You said you were better than she was. That's what you told me, right? I am. You can put the chip back at AFC, and nobody will notice it's gone. How stupid do you think I am? This is what you want. This, right here. You get the chip. I have to give it to you. I have no choice. This is what you want. Am I right? You're right. You've got no choice. You're either gonna be killed or serving a life sentence by the end of the week unless the chip goes back. It doesn't matter what you believe, Brennen. There's one move for all of us. Put the chip back. And unless you know somebody else who can do that... If you try to sell the chip, if you don't put it back, I will find you. And no clever story you're gonna tell is gonna stop me from blowing your brains out of the back of your skull. Do we understand each other? Welcome to AFC Industries. We manufacture satellite and missile-tracking systems, we design UAV guidance chips, and sometimes we accidentally hire thieves. That's the clean room. That's where the chip has to go. The engineer that built it comes back tomorrow. He's got a presentation on the chip at 3:00. Then, that's our deadline. We put it back, Brennen's on the run from his nasty South American friends, and we're good to go, so long as we don't hit any snags. - Show me the snags. - Card reader up front. Now, assuming they haven't updated their employee files, I can get us through. We'll dummy up an ID that says you work with me. Handprint reader here? Yeah. Yeah, but that's not the problem. The problem is the clean-room door. It's got a keypad that has a 9-digit access code, changed weekly. Took me 45 minutes to hack it in the middle of the night. Today we won't have 5. There's no way we can get out clean in time. Then I guess we'll just have to get out dirty. No large security building is designed to be 100% secure.</i> Doing business requires flexibility to deal with visitors, repairman, contractors, et cetera.</i> Getting in, then, requires using that flexibility.</i> I need your IDs. He's got a temporary pass. I'll sign him in. Would you mind calling and letting them know that - we'll be by to set him up as a vendor? - Yeah, no problem. Can you get me a raise while you're at it? You have to make everybody think you're someone else's problem.</i> Even advanced security measures are useless</i> when people leave their keys lying around.</i> And surprisingly often, that's what people do.</i> People leave their key cards in purses, their passwords on desks,</i> and their handprints on soda cans. - You want some? He left a little. - I'm fine. - Diet mountain dew. - We don't have much time. Shall we don our bunny suits? If you're shy, we can break into the ladies' changing room - just up the hall. - We can do this. Past a certain point in a clearance facility,</i> you stop seeing security cameras. Lowly security guards don't have the clearance</i> to see what's on the cameras, so there's no one to monitor them.</i> Usually, in the top security areas of a high-tech facility,</i> it's less about monitoring and more about fortification.</i> And here we are. So, tell me, Michael, what exactly do we have planned here? It's a shape charge. The det cord explodes. And the reinforced polyester from the hose shapes the blast, and, you'll see. It's nice to see you've learned some tricks since the last time I saw you. I would stand back. In a high-security situation, most people try to create the smallest disturbance they can.</i> The thing is, high security is built to deal with small disturbances.</i> Trip one sensor, and you're toast. Trip 100 sensors, though, and nobody knows what to do.</i> These look expensive. What? What are you doing? It's got to look like we broke in for a reason. We're trying to get everyone out of here in an orderly fashion. Please have your bags ready for inspection. You think they're gonna buy that someone went through all this trouble just for some lenses? I don't think they're going to know what to make of this. Nothing major's missing. Hopefully, they'll double the security, keep people like you out. Speaking of that, the bag? The bag? What do you want to see my bag for? It's just some platinum wire. It's worth like, what, 8 grand? Done. Sounds like you invited the Miami-Dade's sheriff's office.</i> Not exactly what I had in mind. But it's exactly what you needed. One day, I'm gonna figure out exactly what game you were playing here. No game, Brennen. I'd focus less on me than getting out of the country. Your buyers looked pretty upset with you. Your concern for my welfare is much appreciated. See you around, Michael. I love you. Charlie says hi. He wants to know when I'm coming to get him. You leave town today. And you need to stay out of town, Sam. Brennen won't forget this. He doesn't know what to think right now, but if he were ever to confirm that we were working together, well, he wouldn't take it well. And you need to give up this life. You got lucky this time. - Next time... - I know. I know. I just wish my last job didn't feel like such a failure. You have your life, you have your freedom, and you have Charlie. You know, Charlie isn't yours. But he could have been. A lot of things could have been. Did it go all right? Yeah, it's over now. - Well, it's late. I should go. - Wait. Whatever you're gonna say, it's... - It's in the past. - It is, and it isn't, Fi. Sam and I worked because she was like me. She didn't mind that... my job was lying to people. She loved it. She did the same thing. It made being with her easy. And then I met you. And it was... It was different. It was never easy. You knew a part of me she never did. And I left her because... You don't marry someone when you love somebody else. You want to play with that somewhere else? You sure slept in. Late night? - What are you doing? - Fixing a camera. Fixing a disposable camera. Right. I have a meeting to get to. And if it goes well, you can go home. You can sleep in your own bed. You won't have to pretend to sleep in mine. I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have been eavesdropping last night. And honestly, I didn't hear everything, but still, I should... Mom, it's all right. I don't give you much choice. I'm sorry. You picked the right girl. I just hope you're not waiting for her to propose, too. What, the metal detector wasn't enough? Oh, it's not that I don't trust you. It's just that... I don't trust you. Okay, here's my "one time, expires immediately" offer. You tell Carla someone else went after her operatives, and we're friends, the kind of friends who don't go bowling, don't go for beers, don't even really speak, but also don't try to kill each other. Yeah, I was looking for a little more carrot and a lot less stick. I have questions, and I think you can answer them. You're serious? That was your idea? All life's mysteries revealed in the men's john of the Miami-Dade city hall and municipal building. Actually, yeah, that's what I want exactly. Well, that's not on the menu. What I'm offering is this. We're friends on my terms, - or we're enemies. - And I'm asking for answers. Spend a career in covert ops, and you learn a lot about yourself.</i> Will you lie to learn something important? Yes.</i> Will you betray someone to serve a higher cause? Maybe.</i> Will you trade another man's life