You're blacklisted.</i> When you're burned, you've got nothing...</i> no cash, no credit, no job history. You're stuck in whatever city they decide to dump you in.</i> - Where am I? - Miami. You do whatever work comes your way. You rely on anyone who's still talking to you.</i> - <i>A trigger-happy ex-girlfriend.</i> - Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBI...</i> You know spies, a bunch of bitchy little girls. - <i>Family, too</i> - Is that your mom again? - if you're desperate. - Someone needs your help. Bottom line... as long as you're burned,</i> you're not going anywhere. Previously... We had one fight, and you decide to go back to Ireland? This isn't about one fight. It's bad news, McBride. Someone's coming to kill my sister. Thomas O'Neill. Bloodthirsty hooligan. You tell me where Fiona is now! Why don't you do yourself a favor and just forget the past? Fiona is not my past. O'Neill outed you as an American. You can never go back to Ireland. Neither can she. What were you doing with Tom Strickler?</i> You know the people he was in bed with? Now someone's in town cleaning up the mess he left behind. - Wait, who's in town? - <i>I don't know.</i> Someone's coming for me, and they're coming for you, too. Hold still. I'm almost done. You're doing this on purpose. I'm not the one who tore your stitches out second week in a row. Now stop moving, or you're gonna do some serious damage. I will do some serious damage to you when this is over. I promise you that, Michael Westen. You have the sewing skills of an orangutan. There. Now you can kill me if you want to. God, I want to. Okay, yes, you should rest. There you go. You're lucky that these sedatives are kicking in 'cause... I will kill you. I'll be here. Doing your own field medicine has its advantages.</i> No conversations with the police, the food's better,</i> and the relationship between patient and caregiver is very close.</i> Of course, that last one can be a disadvantage, as well.</i> Gotcha. So, is she finally out? I was afraid the paint was gonna peel off the walls. - She'll be asleep for awhile. - It's funny. When I thought she was leaving town, I actually felt a little bad. Hard to believe, I know. It looks like she'll be sticking around for a while. - You find out anything? - Yeah, I been calling around. The intelligence agencies are checking in to Diego's death. Apparently, enough people saw you on the street that you're not a suspect. For once, they're not blaming me for something. It doesn't mean you're popular. Operation Unburn Michael Westen is officially off. I figured as much. In the meantime, I'm checking out the phone lifted off of Strickler. I've been trying to figure out who threw Diego off that hotel balcony. - Any luck? - Well, it's slow going. I mean, the guy called for takeout food, escort agencies, and of course, he was calling all around the world about your little burn notice. But... Best lead is this hotel on South Beach. If we're looking for someone in Miami, that's my bet. - Thanks. - Want me to go down there with you? I mean, everything you say, this guy sounds like a grade A psychopath. I'll be careful. - Take care of Fi? - Of course. Getting information out of hotels requires a delicate touch.</i> One whiff that you're snooping and you'll just hear a lot of "we can't give out that information".</i> You need to get them on your side, convince them that you're someone that needs customer service.</i> Excuse me. Wondering if you could help me. A friend of mine was staying here at the hotel, and, well, we were supposed to hook up. We've been expecting you. Of course, when the hotel clerk turns out to be expecting you,</i> that makes things a little easier. Left it for me? You sure? He had the bellman drop it off. He said you'd be 6'1", exquisitely dressed, with impeccable posture. In the world of espionage, there are a lot of ways to introduce yourself.</i> You can use official channels. You can use a cover ID.</i> You can use encrypted communication. Whatever the method, that first contact tells you a lot about a person.</i> Especially when someone introduces himself</i> by firebombing a hotel room. Yogurt Team He must have been there to trigger the fire. Did you see anything? Not really. I don't know what he looks like. They never saw his face at the front desk. The room is registered to Dr. Randolph Quilling. Quilling? Mike, you serious? He was a British nuclear scientist, killed in '99. Burned to death in his hotel room. I think Mike's new friend is telling us that he was involved. It's a hell of a thing, torching a hotel room as your business card. Well, as long as we're waiting for our mystery man to say hello again, I need you to take a meeting for me. It's an insurance-scam thing. I would do it myself, but in my current state... You were gonna leave the country. - You were still taking jobs? - I had already committed to this. One last thing before going back to Ireland, but someone got outed as an American spy, - and now I can't go home. - We saved your life, remember? Saved? Please. It's out at the Hallandale impound lot. Thank you for meeting me. A friend of mine referred me to Fiona. Said she could take care of anything. Yeah, Fiona's good at what she does. That's my husband's car. He was killed last month in a five-car pileup. I thought it was an accident, but I found this. They're insurance forms, already filled out. Some scam was gonna pay him to say that he hurt his neck. We had money problems, and... He was just trying to save us. Instead, he got killed? Some guy came to my house last week in a Corvette. He said that since my husband died, I've to sue the city for wrongful death and give them the money. He threatened my family. Do you think that Fiona can help? I'll see what she can do. She'll be in touch when we know more. Thank you. I need you to go over to the county records office. See if you can get them to slip you some insurance records. You can't just ask for that stuff. Use your Sam magic. Why didn't I think of that? The day that the cellphone call log was invented</i> should be celebrated as a national holiday for spies.</i> Even a cautious cellphone user who uses dial-back systems or switches phones often</i> leaves behind a lot of information you can use.</i> - You still going through that thing? - Strickler used this phone. Chances are he talked to whoever it is that's torching hotel rooms to say hello to me. Have you considered turning this over to Homeland Security? They get paid for this sort of thing, you know. For all I know, he could be working for Homeland Security. I'll call someone when I need someone. How'd it go at the county records office? Not good. I tried to get something, anything, out of that lady down there about the insurance scam. She's 65, a widow, and completely immune to my charming ways. Seriously? You couldn't get the medical records out of a 65-year-old woman, Sam? She's my kryptonite, okay? I'm telling you, you wanna get the files out of that broad, it's gonna take some extreme measures. I got an idea how to do it, but you're not gonna like it. You want me to lie to some woman in the county records office? - What did she do? - She didn't do anything. She's the only one that has access to the information we need. Why me? Because she's your age, smokes your brand, and... shops at the same stores you do. Sam did some scouting. We just thought that you would be someone she would trust. So that I can lie to her. It's for a good cause, mom. The people we're trying to find got some guys killed already. Human intelligence can often be collected with a cover identity.</i> There are times, though, when a cover ID has more to do with who you are than how you act.</i> Yes, I've been through our records dozens of times. We lost a lot of that stuff in a hurricane a few years ago, and I've got files that are nothing but mildew. Isn't that the worst? I lost a couch that way. I swear, sometimes I think we should all move to Phoenix. If you could just give me all the names of the doctors who treated my husband... I wish I could. Those files are all sealed, though. Doctor/patient confidentiality. I just thought maybe... Not even a quick glance? Not even a peek. Working an intelligence asset is part acting, part strategy. Some people don't have the talent... And some people do. Thank you for your time. Are you all right? Sorry. It was so much easier when my husband was alive. Thank you. And he used to do all of this stuff for me. I'm sorry to have bothered you. Wait. Let me see what I can dig up. This will be our secret, though. Of course. Don't get me fired. No. My goodness. Thank you so much. There he is. Your mom's got a gift for working assets. She brought back every document I asked for. Well, she's done her fair share of manipulating people over the years. Well, she wasn't very happy about doing this. So, our local county clinic is looking good. It's got your normal folks, but there're too many shady characters walking out of there with neck braces, you know? Check out the wheels. You said that our guy drove a Vette? So I called my buddy to run the plates. The guy's name is Ryan Johnson. He's on parole for fraud and assault, so I'm guessing he didn't get the Corvette and the watch from his work-release job. Looks like the guy Calia said smacked her around. Got a cover ID for you. You're from North Carolina. You're a friend of Erik Lee's. - Who's Erik Lee? - He's one of Ryan's buddies who was killed in the same crash as Calia's husband. Stuff should check out if they don't check too deep. Looks like I'm going for a drive. Have fun, Mikey. Precision driving is part of the training for an operative.</i> It's mainly used when pursuing or being pursued.</i> But on occasion... it's a great way to make an impression.</i> Hey, boy! Yeah... You and me need to talk! Jesus! Are you crazy? Hey, I'm Alex. You must be Ryan Johnson, right? What is this? Hell, what's it look like, boy? It's a job application. Criminals deal with a shortage of skilled labor, just like all businesses do.</i> They can't give too much information to new hires, of course, but they also can't pass up real talent.</i> I was driving for an insurance crew up in North Carolina. I was working with your boy Erik Lee up there. - Erik's not with us anymore. - I know. Got himself killed. Squashed by a truck a few weeks back. Something like that. Word on the street is you're the number-one crew around town. And sounds like you got a job openin'. - You can drive. I'll give you that. - Really? Hell, I'll take it. I'm the best wheelman around. You got someone you think is better, you point him, and I'll prove you wrong. There's a bar down at the river on Fifth Street. Meet me there tomorrow at noon. They sent some more guys by the house. Sat there glaring at me while I filled out some paperwork. You're doing the right thing. Stay cool, do as they ask, and we'll take care of it. But can't you just talk to them or... It's not gonna do much. They may back off, but they'll come back and do it again to someone else. An insurance scam is like a network. Doctors, lawyers, auto-repair places, enforcers. To avoid people coming after you, you have to take down the whole thing. We'll get these guys going on a scam, call the cops, and get them caught in the act. I'll keep you and your boys safe. Thank you. You've been so amazing. And the people that you have working for you, they're just great! It's so important to find good help. I've been working on our little manhunt. I wish I had more to go on than a nameless, faceless murderer with a taste for arson, but anyway... Feds got nothing. They ruled Diego a suicide. And you? You done any better? A little. I've been triangulating one of the phones that Strickler was calling, trying to get a location. How long to get something? Couple of days, but no matter who this guy is, we know two things. - He's a killer, he saw you coming... - I don't have a lot of options here. Someone killed my CIA contact. Now, that is on my head. I don't get to walk away or pretend it didn't happen, no matter how dangerous this game he's playing is. You'd do the same thing. I get it. I don't like it, but I get it. Let me know when you got something solid. You got it. Mike, one more thing. I think your mom is a little unclear about the proper handling of intelligence assets. You may want to talk to her. You want another gin and tonic, Tina? No, no, thanks! I'm fine. Hi, honey. Tina, this is my son Michael. Your handsome son! It's very nice to meet you. Mom, could I talk with you for a second? Sure. Would you excuse me, Tina? Sure you don't want another? Mom, what are you doing? What does it look like I'm doing? I'm playing canasta with a friend. - A friend? No, she's a... - She did me a favor! Why can't we be friends? That's not how it works. You told her your name, my name. You don't socialize with an asset! She's not an "asset". She's a person, sitting at my dining-room table. I know that! It's dangerous. She broke the law. You said that that job was over. Just don't get too close. What are you worried about? So your mom becomes friends with the county records lady. So what? You never know how things are gonna go. She's an asset. Things could get very complicated. I was an asset of yours once. And things got complicated. And people got hurt. True. But in my experience... People get hurt and things get complicated no matter what you do. Dad, this is the guy I was telling you about. You wanted drivers? This guy can drive. He drove with Erik Lee. I checked him out, he's the real deal. So you're the big, bad boss. Boss? No. Just a businessman. Good. I'm looking to do some business. I'm looking for a crew. You know? I did some driving up north. Amateurs. They didn't know real talent. Talent? What Ryan said, it sounded more like recklessness. Talent, recklessness. It's a fine line. You got any warrants? You do, you don't drive. - I'm clean. - Accidents? How's your driving record? I got plenty of accidents, but none on my record. All right, here's the deal. We use a couple dozen drivers a year, rotate them in and out, make sure nobody shows up in the system too much. You make sure Ryan has your information, and we'll call you. Next time, bring me your driver's license. - I'll need local and out of state. - My friend... Maybe I wasn't making myself clear. I'm not looking to make a few bucks driving third wheel in a bump-and-run. I'm here looking for some business, with a team, management. Get your hand off me. I'm just hoping you're not wasting my time, is all. Management? I'll tell you what. There's an auto-body shop in Boca owes us 10 grand, and my boy here hasn't been able to collect. I told you I can handle that. Shut up. You're the one that brought this guy in here. You two go up there together. You get our money back, you got a job. Now, that sounds like a deal. Family businesses are tough, and they're even tougher for criminals.</i> Mix normal family issues with cash, violence, and the danger of getting arrested,</i> and things get tense. Come on, kid, don't be like that. This'll work out good. You'll see. Whatever. You need the help. From what I saw in the papers, you could use someone like me. I mean, a crash like that... We do just fine. More than fine. The wife of one of the dead guys, she's suing. We'll get a million of the city, maybe more. - She's willing to go to court for you? - She will. Or... Her kid will fall down the stairs. You boys know how to kick some ass, don't you? Tell me more about this little collection. It's a bunch of bikers. This is stupid. I've already talked to these guys twice. Well, third time's a charm. I told you, we're not kicking back 10 grand. Tony, you wouldn't have made any of that if we hadn't rigged the bids! We already did the work! That's the way it's... Girls, don't fight. You're both pretty. Tell you what. You won't give him the money, you can give it to me. You're not getting that money. Y'all are gonna give me the money right now. What are you doing? What the hell's it look like I'm doing? I'm getting you your 10 grand! Anybody who works around acetylene knows to be extra careful.</i> It's one of the hottest-burning, most explosive gases in existence.</i> They ain't gonna shoot, not while we're near the tanks. Because if they do, there'll be pieces of biker raining all around here! 10 grand now! - Hey, stop! - You can make this stop anytime. If you put 10 grand into a bag, throw your guns in it while you're at it! Anytime now! Do what he says! Get the money! Dad, we got it! Yeah, all 10 grand! - Looks like you got a job! - Good news. You're making my day. We should celebrate somewhere else! Damn! Looks like I got a meeting with the boss. I'm gonna bring him some ideas. Calia and son are at my place. I'll go give them the good news. You are doing so well on this job. I think we're almost even. Almost. What's wrong, Sam? I've never seen you drink a beer that slowly. I just think we'd be better off if we focused on this insurance-scammer thing and forgot the whole "Diego getting murdered" business, - 'cause it's not looking pretty. - Well, what is it? I did the triangulation on that phone. The one that our hotel-room-torching mystery man was using? - And I found it. - Well? The thing is, the phone is down at the old Marine Stadium. - Marine Stadium? Isn't it closed? - Yeah, for like 20 years. It's a graffiti magnet. And the phone is just sitting there? It's such a setup, Mike, it's not even a setup, you know? So, what are you gonna do? I'm gonna go down there. I'm gonna check it out. Of course you are. For a covert operative, there's often a fine line</i> between hunter and hunted. Letting someone hunt you is just another way of finding out more about them.</i> Cellphone signal's coming from out here. Of course, there's also a fine line between following up intelligence</i> and walking into a trap. Doesn't get more exposed than this, does it? - You sure you wanna do this? - Yeah, I'm sure. Stay here. Cover me as best as you can. Hello? Sorry we missed each other at the hotel.</i> Me too. I've heard so much about you. It's an honor to see you in the flesh.</i> You're quite a puzzle, Mr. Westen. Fascinating.</i> I'm far more interesting in person. Who are you? I can't just tell you, now, can I? Where's the fun in that?</i> I'm trying to figure out what kind of man you are.</i> I need to decide if you're someone I should get to know better...</i> or someone I should kill. Let me know when you make up your mind. You'll know. Mike, get out of there! - You okay, brother? - I'm fine, Sam. So, how did the big meeting go? We had a brief and unsatisfying chat on the phone. So, who is he? I don't know, but he shot up the Marine Stadium. Reminded me of a stadium shooting back in '98 in South America. Sam's looking into it, seeing if there's a connection. I started on a listening device for your meeting with Ryan later. Would you care to join me? I would love to. You know... After the other day, I never really did get a chance to actually say... Not that I have any doubt in my mind that I would have saved myself. And I still think that your tactical approach was a little iffy. But you and Sam... You did come back for me. You gave up a lot to come back for me. - Whether I need it or not. - You're welcome, Fi. Watch it. You're getting solder on my transmitter. So, 10 grand. Ryan here is still a little fuzzy on the details of how you two got it. But... Me and Ryan are like Bonnie and Clyde. You'd have been proud. - I'm sure I would have. - We got the money, all right? You want to talk about management opportunities? - Talk. - Scam's called "Deathwish". I ran it a couple times back when I was just starting out. I'm gonna need a stooge, someone who can take some damage for a serious payday. I know a few people. The stooge sets up at a railroad crossing, gets a city vehicle behind them. We come in as a three-man team. Two drivers box the city vehicle in. Third driver, he knocks the city vehicle into the stooge's car, stooge goes into the railroad... - Train hits the car, right? - That's right. One of those big engines clips it, bashes it up real good, spins it around, newspapers take photos, and we cash in. You go after the deep pockets. The train company, the city government, the state. Clear 100 grand without even breaking a sweat. Someone gets killed, you could add a couple of zeros to that. You're a big thinker. That's why he's the boss. But a train. We've never done anything... Shut up! Listen for once! Maybe you'll learn something. You come back in a couple days. I'll put a few guys together. We'll see if we can do this. I'm sorry. Would you mind popping this into my car? I'm just so hot, and I really don't want to leave it behind. - No problem. - Thank you. The best place for a bug is on something people keep with them.</i> Many car remotes these days have enough space inside</i> to hide a small bug. Not to mention a battery to power the transmitter.</i> Sam, can you hear me? It's a quick, efficient, low-risk operation</i> that costs as much as you care to tip the valet.</i> Thank you. You got some serious balls. I'm just trying to make us some money. That's all. Why don't you just slow down? You've been here for a few days and you act like you run things. Whatever problem you got with your pop don't concern me. I don't have any problems with my dad. All right? - It's none of your business. - All right, I'm just trying to help. You done fiddling with your car? Just fixing a taillight. I'm glad your father's tools are still getting some use. It always makes me sad to think of them sitting there getting dusty. - What happened to the charger? - You know, just wear and tear. Whatever. I'll see you later! I'm off to the beach with Tina. - Mom, we talked about this. - About the fact that she's my friend. Forget it. I'm not gonna wear my bathing suit after all. It's too horrifying. Hello! You're lucky to have a son who's over here so much. Yes, well, he was gone for a couple of decades. He's still making up for lost time. Let's go! Bad news, Mike. I've been monitoring Ryan's bug. - And? - Sounds like he decided to jump the gun and pull your Deathwish scam himself. - What? When? - Right now, it sounds like. He's paying some poor guy to get knocked in front of the 5:35 commuter train. - Sam, the 5:35... - <i>Yeah, I know.</i> They're headed toward the 5th Street crossing right now. Look, I could call the cops. By the time they figure out what's going on... We can't risk it. We gotta get over there! I'll get myself a new set of wheels. When you work under a cover, whether you're a cop, a DEA agent, or a spy,</i> you're getting into business with the bad guys.</i> Your job is to stay in control of that business.</i> The problem is, criminals are unpredictable.</i> Sometimes they take your ideas and resources</i> and hurt innocent people. It's every undercover agent's worst nightmare.</i> Which is why you do whatever it takes to make sure that doesn't happen.</i> Boxing in a large vehicle and forcing it into a crash</i> takes a coordinated group effort. It's a little like flying planes in formation</i> if one of the planes is trying to get away.</i> Very difficult and very, very dangerous.</i> The good news is that when a plan requires</i> clockwork timing and precise movements,</i> it doesn't take much to ruin that precision.</i> Do it right, and you can avoid sending anybody to the morgue.</i> You may bruise a few egos, though. - What the hell happened? - Ryan jumped the gun on the train scam. We had to stop him before he kill someone! - And? - Well, nobody was hurt... But our cover was blown, and now Ryan knows that his new recruit is not who he imagined him to be. Great. And now we've got nothing. I was just telling Calia she'd be able to go home for her son's birthday. Yeah, well, I've been listening in on Ryan's conversations, and daddy has put a halt to everything. They're not making any new moves, which, unfortunately, means they're gonna focus on all the irons they already have in the fire. Like my client. What would the cops need to build a case against these guys? You mean if they didn't catch them red-handed? The only thing we have are the medical and insurance records for Calia's husband. If we're gonna nail these guys, we need the records on everybody that those doctors have treated. And if we're gonna save Calia, that's what we need. Are you thinking what I think you're thinking? Good luck with that. You can't be serious. Mom, I wish there was some other way. She's my friend, Michael! You want me to go back to my friend, a woman I tried on bathing suits with, for god's sake, and blackmail her into giving me documents? I told you there was a reason not to get too close. Why? So I wouldn't feel bad when I destroy a life? Mam, these are bad guys! They're using desperate people! Don't you talk to me about using people! You're asking me to force Tina to sneak into the records office! She's gonna lose her job! And if she doesn't, people will lose their lives! It's one job. I know it's not easy, but if you do the math, mom. That's what this is, then? The math? Sometimes, yeah. Is this what you do, Michael? You destroy good people? My job is to help people. And that can mean doing things that I wish I didn't have to do. And sometimes there's no other way. Now, you lived in the same house I did. You made hard choices. So you know this as well as I do. When you're blackmailing someone, you have to be cruel to be kind.</i> Show any sympathy for your target, and you only make it worse.</i> You have to be the bad guy. Let them feel they have no choice. It's easier that way. Easier for them, anyway. How sweet of you to come by. Do you like my new haircut? Of course. Tina, I wondered if we could talk. Sure. Come on back. - What are you saying? - I don't expect you to understand, but you've already given me something you shouldn't, something you could get in a lot of trouble for. That information is confidential. I can't get that many files that fast without anyone knowing. I don't want to hurt you, - but I need the documents. - You don't want to hurt me? You are blackmailing me. You acted like you were my friend, and... - What kind of a person... - Listen to me, Tina. This will go a lot easier for you if you just do what I'm asking. So they'll find the documents missing. You can say you misfiled them, you forgot about them. I don't care what you say. You know I'm going to lose my job, and you don't care. You play ball, don't cause any problems, you can get another job. There. It's everything you asked for. Well, mom, where are you going? Don't you want a ride? I'll take the bus! - Mike, how we doing? - Good to go, Sam. There's a city vehicle on Holliston Ave. Driver parked it, headed off to lunch. It's just sitting there, waiting for a crash. - You ready to do some driving? - Oh, yeah. By the way, the documents your ma picked up are perfect. Put them in the right place at the right time, whole thing comes crumbling down. Fi, Ryan's coming out of the bar. Are you good to go? Never been better. This should be fun. Yeah, just stay focused. My mother may never speak to me again after this job, so I want to make sure it was worth it. All right, and... Go. A push bar is a hardened steel frame attached to the front of a car.</i> It's usually used by cops. But it's useful for anyone planning on being in a high-speed collision.</i> Yeah, baby! Hello, police? I'm over on Holliston Avenue. There was a crash. There's a guy with a goatee and well-dressed. Well, I think he crashed into a city truck on purpose! He was waving a gun around in traffic. Hell, boy, anyone ever teach you how to park? - You son of a bitch! - Me, son of a bitch? You're the one who tried to steal my scam and take it to daddy, but it didn't help, did it? Daddy knows you can't take it, doesn't he? There's a tunnel vision that people develop in a fight.</i> They focus on their enemy oblivious to everything else.</i> The angrier they get, the more intense their focus.</i> There comes a point where the adrenaline is so intense,</i> you could land a jet behind them and they wouldn't notice.</i> Nice one, nice one. I'm all done. You know what? I'm gonna go somewhere where I'm appreciated. Stay right there! Don't move! Get on the ground! Get down on the ground! Get your hands behind your head! Thank you so much. I still can't believe you were able to take care of this. That's the reason people call me. - And him. - Are you sure it's safe? Are they really gone? The cops had a pretty good basis for an investigation. Once things got going, Ryan turned on his father. They went after each other and practically handed the case to the city. They'll be leaving you alone. I have to pick up Ben from school, but... Thank you. Thank you so much. I spoke to your mom earlier. She's still pretty upset. It was the right thing to do, but... that poor woman, Tina? She's gonna lose everything. I'll see what I can do. Good morning, mom. Look who's here. I didn't sleep at all last night. I kept seeing Tina's face. Her mascara all smeared from crying, calling me a monster. Made me wonder how you've ever been able to sleep at all the last two decades. Sometimes it's hard. - That's not enough, Michael. - Mom, I came to... Who said that you get to decide what's right and what's wrong? And who gets sacrificed for the greater good and who doesn't? Do you think I like it? What can I do? - People come to me. - Don't give me that, Michael. You don't go running around blowing things up when a problem comes your way. You were offered a job, and you dragged me into it! You think I do this for the money? I don't know why you do it. People need me. So I have to. Yes, I guess you do. I'm just tired. What are you doing here at 6:00? Where you been? County record building. There was a break-in. Someone went through all the files. They'll discover it Monday. Your friend Tina, she'll be fine. Nobody will ever be able to tell that she took any files. Someone broke in? Sun's come up. You want a cup of coffee? - What's wrong, Sam? - Well, I've been doing some research, trying to connect the dots to find our killer, you know? So there was the hotel thing, right? Then I followed up your hunch about that stadium shooting in South America. Six police officials shot in a soccer stadium, six shots at the Marine Stadium. No one claimed credit for either incident, though. Thing is, you were off in Bosnia when they did the follow-up, and both times, there was a lot of talk about the same guy. Mason Gilroy. I've heard the name. Are you sure? There was some cologne on that note you got at the hotel. Stuff is called Monaco Silver. Last sighting of Gilroy? Monaco. What a coincidence. So I came here to tell you... And I found this by the gate. He knows where you live. And he didn't kill me yet. Gilroy. You figured out my name. Good for you. I knew you were a clever boy.</i> Are we done playing? That is the question, isn't it? I noticed you didn't sound the alarm with the authorities,</i>