I wasn't even wearing red or blue. All you have to do is ask yourself what do you want? Who are you?! I am Jor-El, your father. These symbols appeared all over the world the same night that Zod arrived. You might recognize this one. The last thing we remember is our blood being taken in Kandor. How did we get here? She's Kandorian. I thought Kandor exploded with the rest of Krypton. Jor-El said if she's here, there may be others. We better start looking. Jor-El betrayed us. - He survived. - He didn't just survive. He has power from the yellow sun. And yet we have none? Make her tell you where this blur is. Or kill her. You're Kandorian? There's nothing more important than finding the Kandorians. KANDORIAN BORDER 20 YEARS BEFORE THE DESTRUCTION OF KRYPTON Relax, it's just a pinprick. I never liked needles. Small price to pay for immortality. Medic. There's a civil war raging, and you're wasting time. The forces of Black Zero are closing in on Kandor, and I can assure you, they'll wait for no one. You're the last of your battalion whose blood I need, Major Zod. Get on with it. There's a war to be won, and we want to get back to our families. Right, soldiers?! - For the realm of Kandor! - For the realm of Kandor! Jor-El. I'm guessing you're not here to cheer on the troops. Call it a mission of redemption. I'll need all those blood samples. I can't let this project go on. My orders come from the Ruling Council itself. You have no authority here. Medic, when the most renowned scientist in Krypton tells you to stop, then you stop. Thank you. If the Ruling Council wants my blood, let them find it on the battlefield! - Yeah! - Yeah! Let Black Zero feel the bite of your weapons and the bravery in your hearts! Soldiers, move out! For the realm of Kandor! Yeah! Stop! For the realm of Kandor! Thank you, Zod. You realize the council won't like this. Do you know what you're doing? Well, The Council can do what it will, but I'll not let my life's work be used to commit an atrocity. Kandor. My wife... my son. Zod, there's nothing you can do! Kandor is gone! None of you recall that tragic day... because the moment your blood was taken was the last moment you remember of Kandor. But I can assure you... I have not forgotten. Each one of you, the last sons and daughters of Krypton, are all that is left from our beloved homeland. And I will not allow for your birthright to be denied. And Jor-El... he came with us in the orb, and somehow, he stole our powers from us. And yet he flaunts them... all over this city... leaving his mark for us to see. When we find this traitor... we will force him to give us what's rightfully ours. We will be Gods on this planet, and Kandor will rise again! "Somebody save me" "Let your warm hands break right through me" "Somebody save me" "I don't care how you do it" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" "I've been waiting for you" "I've made this whole world shine for you" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" SMALLVILLE 9x07 "KANDOR" Subtitles subXpacio Hey. If you raced here to see me, it must mean the "I love Lois" show was preempted this week. Come on, you know I always speed over when you call. Although, I may be responsible for your cousin vanishing from prime time. I was wondering why she skipped town without saying goodbye. What's up? I, uh... I kissed her. Oh, yeah, that would definitely send her packing. I mean, no offense to you, Clark. It's just Lois' typical response to intimacy is usually to blow out of town. I just don't know what happened. I went over there to talk to her. The next thing I know, I couldn't stop myself. Yeah, I'm not surprised Clark. You've had feelings for Lois since like the 1930s. I was wondering when you were gonna make your move. Look, just take my word for it, and give her a little bit of space. And in the meantime, my LuthorCorp mole dug up some more information on the Kandorians. How bad is it? We were right. Tess Mercer has teams around the globe trying to bring the ETs home. Her operatives have had their noses deep in the Turkish desert, sniffing around for weeks. Now, I think that you should wing out there and take a peek yourself. Unfortunately, my wings are still clipped. I'll fly coach. Uh, no, you won't. Oliver can get you there first class. I'll do this by myself. Why, Clark? Come on. Chloe. Hear you need lift. Your tomb raiders have been digging in that desert for weeks, and I still don't have what I want. The sandstorms haven't let up since we arrived. Whatever or whoever was here is either dead or buried. Well, unless you want to end up the same way, I suggest you get the job done. Well, hello. I received your message. And like my super powered Kryptonian comrade, you have a flair for the dramatic. I think your deep-cover agent might have a different opinion. But I'm glad to see that his untimely death got your attention. I won't be toyed with. A man named Jor-El... he came with us in the orb. He took all of our powers for himself. You know him as the Blur. Now, you... you help me find him... I'll give you what you've always wanted. Now, you opened that orb, the bottled-up hopes and dreams of Kandor, to work with us, and now you can... in my side... as equals. Together. Intimately. I've already got a team on it. I'll let you know when we find Jor-El. You know, Clark, if you wanted to bury me in the desert for going on that date with Lois, you could've at least taken me to Nevada. - Oliver, let's not... - I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm still gonna put up a fight, but... we could've hit the strip before the main event, you know what I mean? Maybe a little blue man group. Maybe a little carrot top. You know, what I'm getting you next year for Christmas is a sense of humor. All right, look, we're at the exact coordinates Chloe gave us. I don't see anything for miles but sand. Maybe we need to look deeper. The Kryptonian symbols that we saw at Watchtower... they're like high-temperature brands left when a Kandorian first arrives on Earth. Out here, the temperature would melt the sand into glass. Who put your shield out in the middle of nowhere? "Jor-El"? My father. He's here on Earth. Shelby. I came to take my favorite blonde for a walk. Who are you? My name is Jor-El. Oh, my God. I... I... You made it to Smallville. Clark found your markings in the desert. You're Clark's father. You are mistaken. I have no child. His Kryptonian name is Kal-El. So, this is my son. And what's he doing here on Earth? Well, you sent him here as a baby. It was the only way you could save him. Save him? Look, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but... Krypton was destroyed. My wife... Lara. Clark's mother, she's... not here with you? She wasn't part of the experiment. I'm sorry. I... I didn't know. Look, we've been searching for all the others who have come here with you. They will be difficult to find. They're very well trained. A battalion of soldiers led by a great commander... and the best friend I ever had, Zod. Jor-El. You stand before the Ruling Council charged with treason. The technology I created was intended to heal those afflicted by wars and disease, not to resurrect the dead through cloning. The orb will ensure that Krypton's strongest will endure... if our planet is ever destroyed. But if we send the orb to Earth and it is opened, the clones inside will develop extraordinary abilities under their yellow sun. The humans will be powerless against them. We cannot doom another planet's future to preserve our past. Perhaps you should've had more faith in your own race. You leave us no choice. The punishment for treason is death. Council. Major Zod. Your presence is an honor, but this is a closed trial. Well, I demand to be heard. I may have driven Black Zero back into the ice, decimating his ranks, but my accomplishments pale in comparison to this man's. Jor-El... is the truest hero I have ever known. He has dedicated his life's work not to death... or war... but to creation. When Kandor fell, many of our brightest and most promising citizens perished... in an instant. Krypton lost mothers... fathers... daughters... sons. What good will come... if you extinguish another life unnecessarily? I implore you all... let Jor-El live. Your passion is noted, Major. It is agreed. Jor-El... The Council will spare your life. But you are ordered to complete the orb. You must include Major Zod's DNA... and your own. If that fateful day of judgment ever comes to Krypton... our survivors on Earth... will be led by two of our planet's greatest heroes. I, Zod, am in your debt. Never forget that, my friend. If it wasn't for Zod, I wouldn't be here, and neither would my son. I'm afraid you've only lived half the story. There's a few more chapters on Zod that you still need to hear. And I'm gonna warn you... it doesn't have a happy ending. I can't believe my father's been on Earth this whole time and Jor-El didn't tell me. So... so when you say "Jor-El," are we talking about the dude in your ice-crystal-palace thing? He must have known what it would mean to me to meet my real father... to speak to an actual person and not just some voice in the Arctic. But, again, Jor-El kept me in the dark. Well, I'm sure there's a reason he didn't tell you the truth. He's probably afraid... that in person, he's worse than I thought he was. You really mean that, or is that the anger talking? There's... there's a part of me that doesn't want to meet him at all. Look, man, I... I can't imagine what it's like to live your life. But there is one thing I can relate to, and that's growing up without parents. Clark, we don't get a second chance to be with them. And I'll tell you what... I'd go to hell and back just to wrap my arms around my old man one more time. Clark must be flying through some turbulence because I can't get a call in to him. But I'm sure that he'll touch down soon, and then you'll finally... get to meet your son. I'm saddened that he spent his entire youth away from his people... and grew up alone. Well, maybe he wasn't around other Kryptonians, but he certainly wasn't alone. Trust me, the Kents are the greatest parents you could've ever hoped for... on Earth. I would've expected as much. My father sent me here when I was younger... as a... a rite of passage. Like a walkabout? I met a man called Hiram Kent. I felt so much love in his house. And perhaps that's why I sent Kal-El here. But if you didn't know that your son even existed, why did you come to Smallville today? I have many very fond memories here. I wanted to see the place again. Well, your instincts about the Kents paid off. Clark is the most amazing person I've ever met. And your guidance helped make him into the man he is. I worry that he isn't the only one I've influenced. Perhaps I played my part in making Zod the man he became. Look, whatever you did to him, Zod is the only person responsible for choosing to become a monster. Sorry about the accommodations. Not exactly five star, is it? - Who are you? - A friend. We both know that's not true. Look, I don't expect you to believe me. But I had to take drastic measures to protect you and Kal-El. How can you protect anyone when your only concern is yourself? Well, your Kryptonian instincts must be on the fritz because I'm not the enemy here. Major Zod has been turning this planet upside down... looking for a man who we call "The Blur." Now, I let him believe that you have all the powers. Zod doesn't even know that Kal-El exists. So your son is safe... for now. Why are you involved in our affairs? Because I see. I see what mankind is doing to this planet. The earth is doomed. And your race is the only answer to saving it. That's why I released you all from that orb. You shouldn't have done that! We are abominations that should never have been created. If the Kandorians get their powers, then what you've done will not save this planet. It may, in fact, destroy it. Not if they turn out like your son. You are mistaken to think that we are so different from humans. Our sacred book of Rau teaches that where there is light... there is darkness. Which is why I want you to help me protect Kal-El. If not, Zod will find out about him. And he may very well kill my son. For Zod is a foe not to be taken lightly... with or without his powers. If you want to save your son... you have to make a sacrifice. You must convince the Kandorians that you are The Blur. Chloe. Hey, are you okay? Wake up! - Chloe, are you all right?! - I'm fine. I'm fine. What happened? Tell me who did this to you! - Chloe? - Jor-El. M... my father's here? Chloe, he... he came all the way to the farm, but he didn't stay to see me? Before he knocked me out, it seemed as though he had some unfinished business... with someone else. I don't understand. Who else does he know in Smallville? Clark... Jor-El isn't the only one who came in for the Kryptonian reunion. So did Zod. I see my crack security team is on the job. Oh. Why won't they let me in? We are partners now, after all. I just came to get a progress report on our search for Jor-El. Let's just say that the, um... the noose is getting tighter. This calls for a celebration. Looks like you've already been celebrating. I knew you wouldn't disappoint me. This is my favorite discovery on your little planet. "The wine cup... is the little silver well where truth... if truth there be, doth dwell." See, now I'm impressed. You've read your Shakespeare. He's amusing, but... I find the pleasure I get from wine much more satisfying. Every sip... reveals a new riddle... a new truth. Just like you, Tess. Every time we're together, I discover something new. And I can't wait to see what my next sip reveals. The bitter truth that I'm not interested. We're keeping this partnership strictly professional. The lady doth protest too much. Whether she doth or not, I can guarantee she won't be revealing any more... tonight. But not to worry. Because while we were enjoying our drink, I had my people grab something much more valuable from your cellar. When you told me you could help me find my father, I didn't know it was because you wired my house. Clark, before you burst a blood vessel, let me explain. I set up those cameras when you left after your last dance with Doomsday. I wanted to keep an eye on your place until you came home. I've been home for weeks. You didn't tell me anything about them. Don't look at me, man. Look, Clark, I'm sorry, okay? But I think the cameras may have actually recorded something... that might lead us to your father. Jor-El didn't give me the Kryptonian sleeper hold to get away from me. He sensed danger. He was trying to save you. There's only one person who would send operatives to kidnap him, and it's not Zod. Clark. I know how you feel, okay? But going off to confront Tess all eyes ablazing is not a good idea. You're gonna do something you'll regret, you understand? Why don't you just let me talk to her? Oliver's right, Clark. You're not in any place where... Hello, old friend. I've seen what you've done for the humans in Metropolis. It's time you did something for your own people. You give us our powers. Considering what happened the last time we met... I think it's the least you can do. Kneel. The council's demands have been met. The orb is ready. And so are these... the stones of knowledge. The teachings of the 28 galaxies will be available to... our people, if ever they are resurrected. All that is left is for you and I to include our DNA. Which is why you will understand why I need you to do this for me. My wife gave me this before I went off to battle... so I could always keep my most precious treasure close to my heart. It's all I have left of my son. Be careful, Zod. They will see you. My friend... I beg of you... use these fragile cells to bring my little boy back... so I can hold him in my arms again. But it is not an exact science. There can be complications, mutations. No, no, no, no. D... don't give me excuses. This is my son. You could bring him back to me. But we cannot change the past. After everything I've done for you... how dare you deny me this request? We do not have the right. Think of how you'd feel if you had a son! Please. I'm truly sorry. You are as dead to me as my son. Defend yourself! I have no powers. I used the blue Kryptonite to take them away, the same way I corrupted the orb so none of you could rule this planet as Gods. But you did have it. You came with us in the orb, yet you harnessed the powers of the yellow sun for yourself. How?! I shall never tell you. You owe this to us! You owe this to me. Krypton is gone because you destroyed it. That's impossible. You're lying. Here on this planet, when we emerged from the orb, we were shadows of our former selves. But those we were created from stayed behind on Krypton... and had full lives, spouses, children. Many years later, you decided to lead a military coup to take over Krypton. But on the eve of your defeat, instead of surrendering, you chose to raze our planet. How would you know that? Because it is the truth. Now we've been given a second chance... to have lives here on Earth, to live among the humans, to be different... To be better than we were before. This is the same selfish morality that kept me from ever seeing my son again. Perhaps you are right. Perhaps if I'd given you what you wanted, you never would've betrayed Krypton. Like you betrayed me? I feel your pain now more than ever. How could you? How could you fathom my pain... if you've never had a child? You do understand. That look in your eye... I've seen that before in the mirror... when I prayed that you would bring my son back to me. You said... you said after we were put in the orb, our lives went on. We had families, spouses... Children. You're hiding something with selfless conviction. The shields... You didn't put them in Metropolis, did you? You're protecting someone. Somebody that did not come with us. The same person that told you of Krypton's destruction. - Someone from the house of El. - No. Somebody you'd give your life for. - Release Jor-El. - Major, I don't understand. He will lead us to the one that will give us our powers... His son. Clark. Just when I thought you'd flown off my radar. Where is he? I've already checked every LuthorCorp facility, the Daily Planet, and this house. I found no one. Where are you hiding him? I'm gonna need a little bit more information, like a name. You know who I'm talking about. His name's Jor-El! I'm sorry. I can see how upset you are. But I don't know who you're talking about. You're lying. You have operatives all over the world tracking aliens. You know everything. The only alien I know is standing right in front of me. Where's my father? I want to see him now! Clark... I have waited so long... for you to admit your true Kryptonian heritage. I always hoped you'd tell me because you trusted me. But I'll take what I can get. Where is he? Tell me! Zod has him. Don't worry, Clark. I had a tracking device put on Jor-El's clothes so we could locate him. You wanted Zod to find him... so you could find the others. You used my father as bait! Clark, I was just trying to protect you. Find him! He's at your farm. Jor-El? Who did this to you? I don't know. Okay, hold on. I'll get you help. Kal-El... I'm so proud of you... so proud. Please... don't go. I can save you. Save... Zod. No. No! When my dad died, I remembered thinking at least... I'd have the memories of being with him here on the farm. With Jor-El being gone, all I'm left with is... Empty feeling inside. See, I had so many questions I wanted to ask him. Figure out who he really was. It seems to me like you're a chip off the old block. After seeing how he saved our spunky sidekick, I'd say you're both heroes. I'll never be able to live up to everything he accomplished. I don't know. I don't think anyone wears that super shield quite like you. Still, he sacrificed so much sending me to this planet. Then he sacrificed himself again to protect my secret. Of course he did, Clark. You're his son. He didn't have to die. I asked Chloe to scan all the footage she has from the farm. She's gonna use the Watchtower to figure out what really happened. Look... I know you and I haven't always seen eye to eye lately, but... I got your back... always. Good. 'Cause I'm gonna need your help to figure out who killed my father... and bring him to justice. Jor-El, you lied to me. It looks like you had another reason for coming to Smallville. I'm sorry. I can't give you what you want. I can't save Zod.