Didn't I just send a pass play in there? The rain's coming down so hard I couldn't see if Donner was open-- Hey! What does it say on my jacket? -"Coach." -That's right. Football is not a democracy... ...and you will do as I say because I know what's best for you. Now, look, son, we have run this play a hundred times in practice. You don't have to see Donner to know where he is, just throw it. Now, I want you to go out there and run the same play. And I want you to win this game for us, okay? Go ahead. All right, listen up! There is another team eating Crow tonight, gentlemen! I don't have to tell you how important next Friday night's game is. Not only is it gonna put us in the state championship... ...but it'll be Coach Walt's 200th win! Coach Walt! Coach Walt! Coach Walt! Come on in. Principal Kwan, what brings you to the sweat box? We've got a problem, coach. -Cheating, huh? My boys? -Seven of them, on their math midterm. Which means they're ineligible for next Friday's game. Well, just keep it quiet for a couple of weeks... ...and we'll deal with it in the off-season. I'm not sweeping a major academic breach under the carpet so you can win a game. You've been here, what, six months? I've been here 25 years. We're not talking about just a game. We're talking about my legacy. I don't care about your legacy. I'm here to educate young people. I've been educating young people all my life. You know how many boys have gone on to college because of me? Have gotten good jobs on my recommendations? I know most people think you walk on water, coach. I think you're dangerous. I've seen your temper. I've seen your methods. Just because you win doesn't make you right. On Monday, I'm suspending the players. End of story. No! -"Football: Sport or Abuse?" -So, what do you think? I think you need to seriously decrease your cappuccino dependency. Pete thinks I'm being too hard on Coach Walt. I mean, the man coached my dad, all my brothers. He used to come over and watch the Super Bowl. While I'm touched by that Hallmark moment... ...you don't get points for subtlety in journalism. -I've started getting hate mail. -You seem very happy about that. Why? Because it means I'm hitting a nerve. Besides, between the abysmal sentence structure and generous use of obscenities... ...I've got a pretty good idea of who's been sending it. If you think my teammates read the Torch, you're giving them way too much credit.</i> -Don't you even care about this? -I don't see what the big deal is. You don't think it's a big deal? I think it's a big deal. There's something you don't see every day. A pom-pom meltdown. Here they come. I need a picture of the cheating jockstraps. I don't want to hear any rumors going around, any false accusations. Any idea how they got that midterm? Still a mystery, but I'm working on it. -We got a problem-- -What's she doing? Nice catch. Your teammate attempts to assassinate me... -...and all you can say is "nice catch"? -I thought you wanted to hit a nerve. Hey, Kent. I saw your arm out there. Technique was lousy, but you've got power. -Thanks. -So why aren't you on our team? -My dad needs me on the farm. -Your school needs you on the field. We've got a big game Friday night. We're short players. Look, look. I know your dad would understand. -He's kind of stubborn. -Yeah, I remember. Jonathan Kent was one of the best athletes I ever coached. A lot of God-given talent. It's in your genes, Kent. Actually, I'm adopted. Look, I'm giving you a chance to be a part of something special. A part of history. I've seen you stare at your father's picture in that trophy case. Don't tell me you don't want to be a part of this. Now, why don't you suit up? Look at Ross. He doesn't have natural talent... -...but he's got a truckload of heart. -Thanks, I guess. Let me think about it. Fordman, get over here. -Hey, Clark. -Fordman, you're the team captain. How do you think Kent would do on the field? I mean, considering our current predicament? He might do all right. -He seems afraid, though. -That's not the reason, is it, Clark? -It's my dad-- -Kent. There comes a time when you've got to step out of your father's shadow... ...and be your own man. Now, what do you say? Are you ready to be your own man? -Count me in. -Good. I will see you at practice today, 3:00. Don't be late. Hey, Clark. Hey. Remind me what your dad said last time you asked him to play. -He said no. -He said no. That's what I thought. Call me when the hurting's done, okay? -So are we okay? -This isn't about us. The guys made a mistake. I don't see the big deal. They cheated. I don't know how you can support them. Because they're my friends, and they used to be yours. Do you want to tell me what's really going on here? The things that I thought I knew for sure... -...don't seem so certain anymore. -I don't understand. I know how much you love football, and you're great at it... ...and I support you. I want to find something that I'm great at. Wait a minute. What do you mean, you had to say yes? Coach Walt didn't give me a choice. Let me guess. Did he give you the "be your own man" speech? Walt's been giving that speech for 25 years. Same one. Believe me, I know. You've gotta go there tomorrow and tell him you can't play. Dad, please don't make me do that. I'm sorry, we've already had this conversation. It's never been a conversation. I can be careful, and you don't trust me. -Of course I trust you, Clark, but-- -But what? -I'm old enough to make decisions. -On the field... ...a million things can affect your judgment. If you get angry for just a second... ...or you try to impress some girl with a fancy move... ...somebody could get seriously hurt. You were meant for much more important things than winning football games. I'm sick of being punished because I have these gifts. Most parents would be happy if their son could be the star of the football team. Son, I am happy when you wake up in the morning. Now, I don't need to live vicariously through your achievements. Why would you? You got to play. -I'm not signing the permission slip, Clark. -You don't have to. I'm playing football, and you can't stop me. Well, if it isn't the three wise men. Hello, Dominic. I assume you're late because you've been in a fencing lesson... ...or have you taken up polo again? I'm not running late. I canceled this meeting, if you recall. Your father insisted that we drive down here and keep it. And when he barks, you jump. -Have you seen the quarterly numbers? -Yes, I have. We're 20 percent below projections. And your father wants you to take drastic action. I plan to. Good, then I can inform him that you'll be cutting your work force. On the contrary. You can inform him I plan on increasing my work force. -By how much? -Twenty percent. Lex, I've always enjoyed your unique sense of humor... ...but you can't be serious. You've got to spend money to make money. If we increase productivity and marketing while our competitors retreat... ...when the sector bounces back, we'll corner the market. Your father sent you to Smallville to turn the plant around. He sent me to Smallville because he'd rather surround himself with drones... ...than people who challenge his archaic business practices. -I'll be certain to tell him that. -Please do. Now, this meeting is adjourned. By the way, Dominic... ...tell your sister I said hi. Lana, you're home early. Did they cancel cheerleading practice? Sort of. I quit. You loved being on the squad. What happened? I just think there's more to life than memorizing cheers and shaking pom-poms. You just decided this out of the blue? Some of the football players were caught cheating. Guys I know. I told Whitney how upset it made me... ...he said it was no big deal, that people aren't perfect. I thought, "Why am I doing this, wearing a fake smile and stupid outfit... ...for people who will do anything to win a game?" Well, you can't let a couple of bad apples spoil the experience. You're part of a team, you're making friends. Aunt Nell, I don't want to go back. I want to try different things. What's wrong with that? Nothing. It's just that you're on a good track. I want you to be happy. What are you gonna do with this newfound freedom? I thought I'd get a job, something part-time. Earn some extra money so I can go travel in the summer. Well, I suppose I could always use some help around the shop. Thanks, but I'm not looking for help. I want to do this on my own. -Have you seen Lana? -No, but there's your dad. Dad, I'm glad you're here. It means a lot to me. I still don't support your decision, Clark. I'm here to see that no one gets hurt. Hustle it up, guys, come on. -Come on, line it up. -Kent, get in there at tailback. Blue, 32! Hut, hut, hut! Kent, it's yours. Yeah, Kent, it's yours. Kent! Quit looking in the stands! Your dad's not coaching this team, I am! I didn't bring you out here to be a tackling dummy. Get angry, kick some butt! All right, guys, same play. Yeah, we got him. Blue, 32! Blue, 32! Hut, hut! All right, way to go, Kent! That's what I'm talking about. -I don't know what that was. -Yeah, Clark! Way to go, Clark! How's my favorite football fan? One of the players accused of cheating came forward... ...and said you supplied them with the tests. And what boy told you that little piece of fiction? I'm not at liberty to say. I'm guessing you already went to the school board... -...and asked them to suspend me. -You have a lot of friends in high places. I should have. I coached most of them. You don't understand. I'm an institution. Who'd you think the school board was gonna believe... ...some cheating little brat who's just trying to cover his own ass... ...or the man who's been leading this school to victory for 25 years? They may not believe one, but if I can get all of them to step forward... ...the board will have no choice. They'll suspend you from coaching for the rest of your life. You will not bring me down! What the hell's going on here, coach? Who the hell does he think he is? -Where'd your dad go? -He kind of had to get back to the farm. Go get help! Okay, thanks, bye-bye. Principal Kwan's gonna be in the hospital till over the weekend. -Is he gonna be all right? -He's got burns... ...and suffered smoke inhalation, but he's gonna be okay. Anybody see you, son? Nobody saw me, Dad. I told the paramedics I wrapped my hands in my jacket... -...when I pulled him out. -Lucky you were there. Well, I kind of missed my ride. Look, I saw you play, all right? You could have easily hurt any one of those boys. But the point is, I didn't. Why are we having this conversation? He's never gonna believe me. By the way, coach gave me your old position. You're looking at the starting tailback for this Friday's game. Don't everyone congratulate me at once. -How did he get to be so stubborn? -Gee, I don't know. Wait a minute. I was not like that when I was his age. No, you were the obedient son who always obeyed his father... ...and didn't run away one summer and try out for the Metropolis Sharks. When did you go and join the other side? Jonathan, Clark hasn't been able to do anything normal his whole life. No play groups, no Little League... ...all because we were afraid he might hurt somebody. He's a teenager now. Let's give him a shot. His gifts come with responsibilities. This isn't about his gifts, it's about his judgment. You're telling Clark that you don't believe in him. Of course I believe in him. What if he makes a mistake and somebody suspects the truth? I mean, I do not want anyone coming on this farm... ...and taking our son away from us. If we don't start trusting him, nobody will have to take him away... ...he's gonna leave all by himself. You guys, it doesn't make sense. Cars don't just spontaneously combust. -The cops said it was faulty wiring. -I've already got my headline: "Jockstrap Saves Principal From Burning Car!" Will you lay off the "jockstraps" thing? I can't believe Clark's been blinded by the Friday-night lights. I joined a football team, not a cult. Next thing you know, I'll be joining the pom-pom brigade. -I hear there's a spot open. -Lana, what are you doing here? -Taking your order, I hope. -What--? What is this? Some sort of a cheerleading charity, like, be-a-waitress-for-a-night sort of thing? Yes it is, except for the cheerleading and charity parts. And tips are always appreciated. -So you're a waitress for real? -Even got the perky nametag to prove it. -First day? -Ever. Where's your necklace? Strict dress code. No jewelry and no open-toed shoes. You look very waitresslike. If I could only tell the difference between a half-caf decaf and a nonfat latte. -In that case, I'll have a regular coffee. -Hey. Times three. Lana, you forgot this. Thanks. That's been happening a lot today. First days are always rough. So you just quit cheerleading? You sound surprised. Well, it's not like you broke any state laws or anything, but I am. -You always seemed happy doing it. -My mom was a cheerleader. So was my aunt. Figured it was time to break the vicious cycle. What did Whitney say? You're his teammate now. Why don't you ask him? You know, it's amazing. The same day I make the team, you quit the squad. I was just hoping we'd see more of each other. I have four shifts a week. You can stop by anytime you like. Lana, table three's been waiting for their drinks for five minutes. If they go cold, it comes out of your tips. -Right. Sorry. -Don't be sorry, just be faster. Clark Kent is a football player, and Lana Lang is a waitress. -What's the matter with that? -Nothing. I just want to click my heels and get back to reality. Coach says he needs to see us on the field right now. What's up with your fallen brethren? I don't know. I'll see you tomorrow. -Chloe...? -Relax. I'll see you tomorrow, okay? Bye. Congratulations. I've never seen a group of young men... ...demonstrate such extraordinary stupidity. Now, which one of you talked? No one here told Kwan that I supplied you with that test? Coach, no college is even gonna look at us with cheating on our record. So it was you, Trevor? Now, why doesn't that surprise me? Nothing! Nothing is gonna stand between me and my legacy! Now, you go home and keep your mouths shut, understand? -Yes. Sure thing, coach. -Yes, sir. Congratulations, Lex, you made the Business page for once. I told Dominic I was doing this two days ago. Yes, and my drone dutifully reported it to me. I just didn't think you'd be stupid enough to implement it. If you had a problem, why didn't you call me? We have a reporting structure. Just because you're my son... -...don't expect any special treatment. -Believe me, I never have. That wounded-pride routine may have worked for your mother... ...but don't try it with me. You know perfectly well how I feel about you. Hence I'm at a crap factory in Smallville. Lex, did you know the caesars would send their sons... ...to the furthermost corners of the empire... ...so they could get an appreciation of how the world works? Whatever helps you sleep at night, Dad. All right, here's how I propose we solve our impasse. We'll fence for it. If you win, I'll let you pursue your plan. If I win, you fire 20 percent of your work force. The question you have to ask yourself, Lex, is... ...are you good enough to take your old man? Look at your moves, Lex. They're rash, no thought to their consequences. If I wanted a commentary, I'd buy your books on tape. -You know what your problem is? -Enlighten me. You're ruled by your emotions. You always have been. And that can be a fatal flaw. I want those workers gone by noon tomorrow. Meeting adjourned. -Heading out to the pep rally? -How do I look? As handsome as your father. -You don't have to do this, Mom. -Do what? Play Kent family peacekeeper. Well, if the Kent men weren't so stubborn, I wouldn't have to. -So you're taking Dad's side? -No, Clark, I'm not. -I told him he's being unreasonable. -Thanks. I'm not saying you're entirely innocent either. If you want to make decisions... ...you need to be prepared to live with your mistakes. You trust me, don't you? I want to, Clark. So does your dad. Just give him a chance. Come on, Crows, let's go Come on, Crows, let's go, let's go</i> Why'd you call me? What do you want? I want to know if Coach Walt supplied the players with the tests. If you don't want to get hurt, leave this alone. Look, you can talk to me now or later. Either way, this picture's on the front page of tomorrow's Torch.</i> Just leave me alone. Talking to the school newspaper, Trevor? I thought you were brighter than that. Coach, I didn't say anything. You've got to believe me! She was at the field last night, got a picture of us in the sprinklers! All right. Go home. I'll take care of this. -Hey, you seen Chloe? -No. Clark! Oh, my God! Chloe! -Chloe! -Clark! The Torch torched. How's that for dramatic irony?</i> -Just trying to get you to smile. -This is more than arson, Clark. It's like the fire knew what I was doing. You believe Coach Walt was somehow controlling it? Look at the facts. Kwan launches an investigation into the cheating scandal. Coach tries to fry him in his car. One of his players comes forward, and he threatens them with pyrotechnic sprinklers. I'm about to print the picture, and the Torch goes up in flames.</i> You think he's behind the cheating scandal? Come on, Chloe. Coach obsessed with winning his 200th game... ...helps bonehead players pass test to secure his position... ...in the pantheon of high-school sports. -Do you have another copy of the picture? -No, it's kind of hard to recover the files. -We don't have any proof. -Trevor Chapell. What about him? I'm sure he talked to Kwan about the cheating. He wants to talk, I know it, but he's still scared to talk to me... ...but I think he might open up to you. Lana! What happened? Did Nell put you out on the street? -I decided to join the work force. -Good for you. You'll be employee of the month in no time. Right now I hold the record for most dishes broken in a single day. Better bring my cappuccino in a Styrofoam cup, then. Well, if it isn't Smallville's latest football star. Let's see how I do tomorrow night. Have you seen Trevor tonight? -No, he hasn't been in. -How are things going here? Today is one of those days I just want to scream. Well, for what it's worth, I think it's cool you got this job. For what it's worth, I'm sorry I'm not gonna get to see you play tomorrow. New girl gets the worst shifts. -Can I get you anything? -May I have a cup of coffee? -Coming right up. -Thanks. Rumor has it Clark Kent joined the football team. -Rumor's true. -Congratulations. Your dad must be thrilled. Actually, he freaked out and told me I couldn't play. I'm surprised with my dad. He claims I should make my own decisions... ...but then when I do, he shuts me down. And you're out late, waiting for him to go to bed so you can avoid... ...the uncomfortable silence when you get home. -How'd you know? -The Luthors wrote the book... ...on uncomfortable silences. What are you working on? I'm trying to figure out which poor bastards should get the ax. My father wants me to cut 20% of my work force. -Any way around it? -Once my father's made his mind up... -...he's not easy to turn around. -lf it makes you guys feel any better... ...you should have seen my aunt's face when I took this job. Not that I was eavesdropping or anything. -I guess we're all in the same boat. -No. You both stood your ground... ...and are doing what you want. I caved. You two have inspired me. Oh, yeah, joining the football team and pouring some coffee. -We're a couple of real rebels. -Long live the revolution. How is it? It's perfect. -Is that what you ordered? -Not even close. Trevor, it's Clark Kent. I'm here to talk. Just leave or he'll come back. Coach Walt? -Once he gets angry-- -What did he do to you? Coach rides me pretty hard, you know, me and some of the others. Thinks he's our father or something. That's how he justifies it, anyway. Once when I dropped a pass, he drove me home, punched me in the gut... -...told me not to do it again. -Why didn't you tell anyone? Coach said he'd throw me off the team, wouldn't help me pass my classes. Did he give you that math midterm? -Trevor, I can help. -That's what Principal Kwan said. Look what coach did to him. -What happened to your arm? -It's nothing. It's a carburetor burn. It's nothing. Let me see it, Trevor. I don't know how coach did it, but if I talk, he's gonna fry me. Kent, why aren't you in the locker room suiting up? I'm not walking out on that field, and neither are you. Look, I don't know what the hell your problem is... ...but you do not want to tick me off right now. -I saw what you did to Trevor's arm. -Trevor should have kept his mouth shut! What's the matter, Kent? A little too hot for you, huh? Well, excuse me now. I've got a game to win. Blue, 32! Hike! -Chloe. -Hi, Mrs. Kent. Hi, Mr. Kent. Smallville's resident cynic have a change of heart? Well, I decided to put my personal politics aside to support my friends. Yes, we're trying the same philosophy. -Where's Clark? -I don't know. I was supposed to meet him, but he didn't show. I thought he was with you. -Hey, Pete. Pete. -Hey. -Have you seen Clark? -No, haven't seen him all day. Jonathan, you know the rules, no parents on the sidelines. -I'm looking for Clark. -Well, join the club. I need him out here. Guess he doesn't have what it takes to be a winner, huh? -Nobody's seen him. -I think the coach is lying. What's going on here, Chloe? All right, I'll check the locker room. You check the school. I'll be back in five. -We're in the middle of a game here. -Just call the damn plays! Clark! Clark! Clark! Clark! Clark! Come on! -Can you hear me? Are you all right? -It's the meteor rocks. Come on. Come on. -Coach, you need help. -What I need is to win this game. It's too late for that. How'd you do that? It's in the genes. Give it up, coach. You've lost. Two trips in one week. I'm flattered, Dad. -What is this? -It's my new proposal. I cut the operating budget by 20% without losing a single job. Lex, I specifically told you to cut your work force. Why? With this plan, you don't get the bad PR. That's not the point. Careful, Dad, you're getting emotional. We could always try a rematch. Are you afraid you can't take your son again? -You get one. -One what? One chance to defy me. I can't figure out what you hate more... ...the fact that my plan works or that you didn't come up with it first. Just remember: Empires aren't built on clever bookkeeping. Dad, you have no idea what I'm capable of. Sorry you didn't get to play. Were you here to make sure I didn't hurt anyone? I was here to support my son. Some of the things I said were out of line. Look, I do trust you, Clark, I do. I guess there's always gonna be a part of me that's a little bit afraid... ...but that's just being a parent. Thanks, Dad. Peaceful, isn't it? -Hey, thought you were working. -I got let go. -Apparently, I'm not waitress material. -Sorry. How'd your aunt take it? She said that it was a sign that I should seriously reconsider cheerleading. Parents, what are you gonna do? I heard about the coach. Pretty weird. He won his 200th game and didn't even see it. Are you gonna play next season? I don't know if football's for me. I mean, my dad played, my granddad played. I think it's time to break the vicious cycle. Pretty short career. Why the change of heart? I don't know. Guess I got out on the field and realized my reason for playing was gone. I'm sorry to hear that. Who said life was fair? Gonna be okay? Sometimes I just want to scream. -Why don't we? -Why don't we what? -Scream. I'm game if you are. -You serious? Why not? On three. One...two...three.