There was another. "Somebody save me" "Let your warm hands break right through me" "Somebody save me" "I don't care how you do it" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" Venga "I've been waiting for you" "I've made this whole world shine for you" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" SMALLVILLE 8x18 "ETERNAL" Subtitles subXpacio You've done a very thorough job. I just think that I'll take it from here. Goodbye. I think I'm finally ready for the front page. An article. I found a stack of missing-persons cases that no one's talking about. There are similarities between them all. This city is being attacked, and no one seems to care. Kind of makes you wish the Red-blue Blur wasn't sitting down on the job. I think that these people were attacked by the same criminal. Now, we can be the first to break this story. We can warn the people of Metropolis. - I can't print this. - You need to print it. No, they're called facts, Clark, and you don't have any. You don't care about these victims? You're sweeping this under the rug. Great. Another conspiracy theory, 'cause I love those. Look closely. You will not find a web of lies behind this facade. That would be your department. A man who's not afraid to cry. A man who's not afraid to cut onions. You know, you still didn't have to cook me dinner, Even though I did manage to override your settings, Retrieve all of your addresses, and change your applications so the next time you go fishing for your phone in your glove compartment, you won't erase your whole world with the touch of one button. Well, well, well... ain't you the most overachieving teacher's pet know-it-all in the room. Ah, he's got a sense of humor and taking cook. Well, the one thing that was on the menu at the foster homes I grew up at - mac and cheese. So, have you heard from Jimmy lately? His last tirade of e-mails included every single unflattering word in the dictionary, including some that didn't get past the censors. I thought he'd be dying to get back together with you. No. I believe that the last phrase he used was, "Don't call me, don't come by... and if you e-mail me, I won't open it." I thought we were best friends, but... obviously there was some... stuff brewing beneath the surface for a while. How can you be so close to someone and not really know who they are? Davis! - No, it's fine. Chloe, it's fine, really. - My god. Quick reflexes, huh? Chloe. Call much? Davis. Clark. Well, now that we have that all worked out... what's happening? I was working on a story I thought you might have some information on. You know, I forgot something I'm supposed to do. I should go. What about dinner? Uh, you know, we'll do it tomorrow. Call it leftovers. Okay. Thank you. Forgive me. Hello? I forget. what's the prayer for dismembering a body? I can't believe this. There were over a dozen missing persons last month alone. You'd think it would be newsworthy. Since when did "newsworthy" have anything to do with what was on the front page? You know, Clark, I really hope you have the safety cocked on your heat vision. What? You've been staring at the back of my head so hard, I'm afraid my hair's gonna go up in flames. I just didn't know you and Davis were spending so much time together. If you don't want to talk about it - No, please. I love trudging through stagnant water. It just seems like you're moving on kind of fast, and I don't get what you see in the guy. First of all, it was dinner. And secondly, he's kind, supportive, and a strong shoulder for me to lean on, which I don't know if you've actually realized, but I could really use right now. Look, it's just I have a bad feeling about the guy. - I mean, come on, Chloe. - Don't "Chloe" me, Clark. What is it with this whole "meet me out in the back for a duel" mentality? It might have something to do with the fact that this guy disappears and can't explain where he went. He's full of secrets, Chloe. There's not even a record of his childhood. Sounds familiar. I don't collect morbid crime-scene photos in my locker, and I'm not the first E.M.T. to show up at every gruesome murder. What is it? A vehicle was found on fire just outside of Smallville. It has Davis' license plate. Were you expecting a chorus of angels? I'm sorry to disappoint you. I wanted to be here when you woke up. I apologize... for the state that you're in. I didn't expect you to end up like this. I was trying to kill you. But... that seems to be harder than I thought. Why am I here? Who are you? You're safe with me. Safer than out there. If the world knew you were a serial killer, you'd be running from torches for the rest of your life. You got the wrong idea about me, lady. It's not your fault that you were born with a killer instinct. I even admire your altruistic selection of victims. It's like Keeping bats around to wipe out the parasites That prey on the city. I can't control myself. I know you've tried to absolve yourself, but... even suicide wouldn't really work for a guy who can't die, would it? I am not who you think I am. No. You're not who you think you are. And today, you proved my theory. After I discovered that you had been... a little unfriendly to a few Metropolis citizens, I started looking into your background. The only problem is you don't have one. I thought I had hit a dead end until I inherited this. Stole it, if I'm being honest. I thought this might jog your rusty memory. It was Lionel Luthor's. It tells a fascinating story about a boy who fell to earth... the day a meteor shower destroyed a small Kansas town. I'm beginning to believe the boy did not come here alone. Kids just don't fall out of the sky, Martha. Then where did he come from? I don't know. But he must have parents. Well, if he does, they're definitely not from Kansas. Sweetheart, we can't keep him. What are we gonna tell people - we found him out in a field? We didn't find him. He found us. Over here! I found him! No! Feathers? Feathers! Who are you? Are you cold? Are you him? Are you a warrior angel? No. But I want to be. I'm Alexander. What's your name? I don't know. What are you doing in here? A man brought me here a few days ago. He made them put needles in me. But you don't look sick. Do you want to play? Nobody will know. My dad went to some farm. Come on. The day the meteor shower struck Smallville, Lionel sent out a search party for you. Lionel had you taken from that field, because he thought You were a prophesied messiah called "the traveler," A visitor from another planet sent to save humankind. But what Lionel didn't realize is that there were two boys that fell to earth that day. The traveler... and you. Excuse me. - Have the police been here yet? - Come and gone. - Did they find a victim? - The thing was abandoned. No sign of a driver. Thank you. Clark. What's going on? It's weird that Davis would have stopped here. Why? What's here? This is the field where my ship landed. That's a pretty big coincidence pill to swallow. This place must hold a lot of memories for you, huh? Chloe, memories aren't the only thing buried in that field. What is that? It's made from the armor of St. George. He slayed dragons with his sword called "Ascalon." I am St. George, and you are the dragon. You have been sent To destroy the world, but only I can protect it from a beast like you. Fight or die. I have slayed the beast. I am the victor, and I shall claim my treasure. - What's wrong? - It hurts! - Are you okay? - It hurts! There's a way. - You think you can keep me here? - I know. There's nothing that can restrain you. Then what are you gonna do? I've been asking myself that question for the last few hours. What do you do when you find Judas in your midst? Who would Christ have been if Judas had not betrayed him? Maybe we would remember Jesus as only a teacher roaming the desert. I don't quite understand what you're getting at. Without Judas, Jesus would have never risen from the dead... To come back and face his greatest challenge. Saving humankind. There is a savior among us. You are here to betray him. I haven't betrayed anyone. I finally realized that until you fulfill your destiny, He won't have his great challenge to overcome. He cannot become the world's savior without triumphing Over the world's destroyer. What savior? What are you talking about? Clark. There's a reason that you two don't get along. You were destined to kill each other. The guy blacks out regularly, and you chose not to mention it? I figured he had low blood sugar or something. He told you he was hiding something dark inside, Chloe! That didn't set off any alarms for you? You know what, I figured "dark" meant "moody" or "bipolar," at worst. I don't exactly jump right to "serial killer." And all the times that you were angry at me for doubting him - I know, okay?! I was in denial. I- you know, I- I couldn't believe that it was this bad. It's not that bad, Chloe. It's worse. I just can't believe he's the serial killer that - That Jimmy warned us about. I did some checking into these missing persons. They're not exactly Metropolis' finest - Assault charges, breaking and entering, abuse. So you think Davis is on some sort of vigilante mission? He was until last night. He's not stupid enough to abandon his car next to a... a field full of evidence. Chloe, I get the feeling someone took him. When I was looking into Davis' past, his county records had already been checked out by someone. I think it's time to pay a visit to the widow of LuthorCorp. We tried to stop him. We opened fire, but he - Find him, or don't come back. Tess. Look, I know you've been looking into Davis Bloome. He did this, didn't he? I'm afraid there's not a short version of that story. I think I missed something. No, you've been at the center of it the whole time. I came into possession of a journal of Lionel Luthor's. The journal talks about a boy who fell from the stars on the day of a meteor shower. Lionel's obsession with this traveler... was the only reason that 'he was in Smallville that day. He wanted to possess the traveler for himself. Why are you telling me all this? Because Lionel and then Lex got the moral of the story wrong. According to the Kawatche Indians, this boy is part of a two-headed creature - Good and evil. The Luthors were too busy feuding over which one of them was worthy enough... to be your adversary that they couldn't see the truth... that there was another boy who came to earth with you. Davis Bloome. So you think that Davis Bloome and I are from another planet? Lionel found Davis on the day of the meteor shower. He thought he was the traveler, but then the boy's tests seemed normal. - Lionel was holding Davis. - Only for five days. And then he threw the boy out onto the street... because he got a phone call from Martha Kent. - Tess, you are reaching. - Am I? It's Lionel's own words, And I quote - "I have the wrong boy, but I believe that I have found the true traveler." Why else would Lionel Luthor arrange an adoption... for a boy who seemed to come out of nowhere? It looks like you're the reason that Davis was abandoned in the first place. What did the LuthorCorp diva have to say? I know what you've done. Jimmy was right. Uh, that guy that I killed, he was a drunk driver. he was a three-time offender. And what about all the others? Are you gonna try and justify killing them too? No, I didn't know what else to do! Chloe, I'm sorry! You lied to me! I had to! I didn't want to drag you into all this! Then why are you here?! I love you. And I need to know if you care about me. How can you ask me that? I thought I did. Then I need you to do something for me. I won't do anything for you. I need you to help me die. Chloe! Dr. Grohl's lab. Chloe. It's time. I can't. I'm sorry. I finally found a way out of this. You don't take that away from me. Please. Pull the lever, Chloe. I can't kill you, Davis. Chloe, what are you doing? It's my life, Clark. I can take it if I choose. - Davis, don't be a martyr. - That's not what this is, Clark. I'm not doing this for you. I want this to end. I can't live with myself. But it's not your fault. Everything that's happened to you is because of me. All right? We should have been brothers. Davis, you didn't have a home. If that would have happened to me... I've always wondered what it would have been like... If the Luthors had found me in that field. I could have turned out differently. But you didn't. You were destined to have the better life. No matter how hard we try to fight it, we will always return to our true nature. Chloe, pull the lever! Let me end this! No, Chloe, you have to give this another chance. This is not set in stone. Enough, Clark. You know that you should let me die. Davis, there has to be something in your life - Something that is worth giving it one more try. It isn't always about where your heart is. It's about what you've done and what you're going to do. I was sent here to destroy you, Clark. Clark. Davis! Davis! There aren't enough prayers in this world... to give me redemption! - Clark! - No, Chloe! What are we doing here? I was told to drop you off here. But who's gonna meet me? How are you holding up? I've had better days. Not saying a lot in Smallville. And Davis is... I spoke to Oliver. He's taking care of the details. We need to talk about what happened. It wouldn't change what I did. But there's always another way. He could have killed you, Clark. I won't risk the safety of the world because of your code of ethics... because you refuse to stop the things that threaten you. Jor-El said he was the ultimate destroyer. Didn't turn out to be much of a fight. When I was a kid, I used to have this nightmare. My ship landed in a field, and no one ever found me. That nightmare was Davis' life. I always felt like it was a burden, knowing that I was destined to save people. I can't imagine what It must have felt like knowing that... no matter how you lived your life, you were doomed. The new contemplative Clark Kent. I like it. Well, I'm kind of busy. With what? Farm chores? I'd let you off if you were saving a busload of children, but... cleaning the feeding bin? Look, I'm really sorry that you bought into this... strange obsession that the Luthors had for me, but - I don't think of it as buying in. I think of it as believing. If you choose to spend your Saturday nights reading the journal of a madman, sounds to me like you have a few holes in your personal life. We all look to idols - religion, the rich and the famous - because we have holes in our lives. But it doesn't mean that these things aren't real. What you've made me out to be is not real. I'll never be that man. Not until Judas is at your back. I have this feeling that you'll never fulfill your great destiny... until you meet Your greatest challenge. You don't know anything about my life. If this is the way that you lied to Lex, Then I can see how it pushed him over the edge. Lex was racing toward that drop-off way before he met me. Yeah, but betrayal... you know, the more you love someone, the harder it is. Are you threatening me? I'm not that naive. I am not some problem To be solved. I get it. It's too early. Just know that I'll wait for you, Clark. I'll wait for you to come to me. It's gonna be a long wait. It'll be shorter than you think, Kal-El. Don't be afraid. You're alive. The meteor rocks didn't - They made me stronger. So are you're now invulnerable? I'm immortal. Then that means Clark's in danger. No matter what you want as Davis, the other side of you will still try and kill him. I won't kill Clark if I'm with you! What? What do I have to do with any of this? There is something about being around you... that seems to calm the murderer inside me. But you said so yourself - it's your true nature. But maybe there's something stronger