- Thanks. See you tomorrow. - See you tomorrow. - Okay. Old man, I've told you before, you're trespassing. How can I be trespassing on land my people owned for thousands of years? Out of my way, chief. I've got a job to get done. You don't understand the consequences of what you're doing. Are you threatening me? How can I be threatening you? I'm just an old man. You got a problem, take it up with the big guy. Get the hell out of here. What are the police doing here? There was some sort of an accident last night, an explosion. Maybe this will convince LuthorCorp to get out of Smallville. It's an office park, Pete, not a toxic waste dump. What's the harm in that? I'll race you back to Miller's Bend. Hey, kids, watch yourselves! Lana? Don't move. - I'm fine. - You're in shock. You fell over 100 feet. - You don't have a scratch on you. - Just lucky, I guess. - That's incredible luck you have. - Where did you come from? I was just over there doing research for my grandfather. The landslide must have opened up that wall. I didn't even know there were caves down here. If LuthorCorp has its way then there won't be anymore. I'm Kyla, by the way. Clark. Clark Kent. - The invincible Clark Kent, apparently. - Clark! You down there? Yeah, Pete, I'm all right. Hey, man, you gonna need some help, or can you jump your way out? I've got some company down here. He's a funny guy. As long as you're all right. Oh, my God. What is it? It's the legend of Naman. My ancestors have passed down this story for generations. They said it had been written in the earth long ago... ...but nobody ever knew where it was until now. Thank you. Sure. No problem. You don't understand. My grandfather's been searching for this wall his whole life. It was prophesied that Naman would fall from the skies in a rain of fire. They say Naman will have the strength of 10 men... ...and will be able to start fires with his eyes. It probably sounds silly. Not to me. I've gotta tell my grandfather about this. Come on, I'll show you the way out. Try and keep up. - It's an octagon. It's a very common shape. - What about the story? How many people fall to Earth in a meteor shower and can shoot fire from their eyes? I understand it's important for you to figure out where you came from... ...but those drawings could have a hundred different interpretations. You pulled this from the spaceship before it closed. - I don't see what... - These same symbols are in the caves. Kyla's grandfather has studied the story of Naman. Maybe he can read this. I want you to be careful what you tell those people, Clark. If they can tell me who or what I am, it's worth the risk. We don't know anything about Kyla. Or her grandfather, for that matter. I know. That's why I invited them over for dinner. According to the legend, a man came from the stars... ...and fell in love with the mother of our people. Out of that forbidden affair, the Kawatche people were born. - Do you know which star he came from? - The legend only tells us... ...that he left one day and flew back into the sky, promising he would send another. That would be this Naman person you've been talking about, right? Yes. Of course, that was 500 years ago. He's a little late. You're not from around here, are you, Clark? Actually, Clark is adopted. These symbols seem to make up some sort of alphabet. That's the really weird part. Our people don't have a written language. I've seen a symbol here or there on artifacts, but never in a pattern before. - So you don't know what they mean? - He studied ancient languages. I'm sure with some time he can decipher the symbols. If Luthor doesn't get at them before we do. Mom, maybe you can talk to Mr. Luthor. - You know Lionel Luthor? - Know him? Mom is his executive assistant. Well, Clark, I'll do what I can, but it isn't that easy. The situation isn't that black-and-white. That complex will create 1000 desperately needed jobs. And you think that's more important than these caves? So does anyone want coffee with their pie? You wanna have a look? I kind of like seeing them with my own eyes. So these legends, you don't think that they're like Venus and Apollo... ...and all the other myths? Just because something's a myth doesn't make it not true. Here. Do you see the bright one right there? If you follow the stars around it, it makes the shape of a wolf's head. See how one of the eyes is missing? Our ancestors say that there used to be a star there... ...and that's where Naman came from. I wonder what happened to it. You tell me. You're the one that fell from the sky. Lana. Your message sounded urgent, so I just came over. I didn't realize you had company. Oh, thanks. Lana, this is Kyla. Hi. I don't think I've seen you at school before. Oh, I go to Grandville. I'm just here doing research for my grandfather... ...and rescuing any guys that happen to fall into my life. How did you two meet? In these caves under the new LuthorCorp site. That's why I called you. If this new complex goes ahead, the caves will be destroyed... ...along with paintings Kyla's ancestors drew. They're our only link to the past. Defending a good cause sounds like something Henry Small might be into. We're not exactly at the father-daughter favor stage yet. But I'll ask him anyway. Thank you, Lana. No problem. So it's not the first time he's been involved. Thank you, sheriff. I'm glad you told me. It's very enlightening. - We'll keep you posted, Mr. Luthor. - Thank you. I thought the police were done with their investigation. The sheriff's not ready to call it an accident. Apparently Joseph Willowbrook... ...the Native American who's spearheading the protests... ...has a history of civil disobedience. - They think it was sabotage? - Let's just say they're not ruling it out. Maybe I should have done this project in Grandville. Smallville needs those jobs. I sent flowers to the foreman's family... ...and I arranged for you to do a condolence call tomorrow afternoon. Good thinking. I don't want to be perceived as uncaring. I didn't do it for that reason. It's the right thing to do. There are times when I'm with you that I'd swear I was talking to my wife. She was a lot like you, Martha. The same unflinching honesty. I miss that. - Hope I'm not interrupting. - Hi, Lex. Lex. Always good to hear your voice, son. Well, I need to get home early today, so I'll see you tomorrow. Believe me, Lex, I know how hard you've been working. You engineered an employee buyout of the Smallville plant. Now... ...Iook at you, you're building an empire of your own without my help. But your success shouldn't prevent us from joining forces... ...when a lucrative venture comes along. Come on, Dad. You don't need me as an investor in some random office park. No, not as an investor, Lex. I want you as my partner. Blame it on a brief bout of sentimentality. Sentimentality is synonymous with vulnerability. You taught me that. You're on your own. The pictographs are a lot more detailed up here. What do they say? It promises that one day, Naman will protect the entire world. Luthor's bulldozers. It's been happening all week. I don't know if it's safe for us to be here right now. Clark, get up here, you have to see this. What is it? It's Sageeth. He's like a brother to Naman. Legend has it one day he'll turn against Naman... ...and together they'll be the balance between good and evil. Who's that? It's the woman he's destined to be with. It was handed down through the women in my family. I don't even know how old it is. - How'd you do that? - Adrenaline, I guess. Yesterday you didn't have a scratch on you and... What, you can shoot fire out your eyes too? Oh, my God. I was just joking. You... - You really are Naman. - I don't know what I am. You don't seem very freaked out. Because I know what it's like to be different. Clark, it's okay. Maybe this could explain everything I've been feeling in the last few days. There are a lot of things about me I can't explain. Clark, you don't have to. I grew up around a lot of things that seemed unexplainable. Yeah, but I'm... You try and use logic and reason to try and make sense of it... ...but you just have to give in. Thanks for your help, Mr. Small. It's really great of you to do this. To be honest, I'm glad you called. There's something I wanna talk to you about. Lana, I got the test results back. Looks like we share the same DNA. So you really are... You're my father. I don't think I've earned that place in your life yet. But I want to. If it's not too late. Mrs. Kent, if you're looking for Clark, he and Kyla are down documenting the caves. Actually, I'm here on a more official capacity. Mr. Luthor would like to sit down with you and discuss your concerns. I'm usually better at spotting the wolf in sheep's clothing. Mr. Willowbrook... ...I understand the importance of these caves better than anyone... ...but there must be a way for you and LuthorCorp to coexist peacefully. You'll have to forgive my skepticism... ...but every time Native Americans are asked to peacefully coexist... ...we've been killed or forced onto reservations. - Please, Mr. Willowbrook... - You may get your day in court yet, Joseph. Based on discoveries in the caves... ...this cease and desist order is effective immediately. A hearing is set for a week from today. Tell your boss if he wants to talk, I'll see him in court. Sheriff, if you're here to harass me about my permit to protest... Joseph, I'm placing you under arrest for the murder of Dan Hammond... ...the foreman of this construction site. - There has to be a mistake. We found a towel in Mr. Willowbrook's trash with blood that matched the victim's. Is this LuthorCorp's idea of peaceful coexistence? - Framing an innocent man? - Come with me, sir. Lex. I'm gonna have to call you back. Clark. Is everything all right? I need to raise bail money for Joseph Willowbrook. He's being set up. I think by LuthorCorp. That's a pretty serious accusation, Clark. Don't get me wrong, I'm impressed by your conviction... ...but going head-to-head with my father? You're a little like David trying to slay Goliath. Where do you stand? Any culture that's left a legacy to endure for centuries has earned my respect. I'm afraid it's a losing battle. Didn't David beat Goliath? Your newfound advocacy wouldn't have anything to do... ...with a beautiful, doe-eyed crusader, would it? Your mother told me about Kyla. You ever wondered if you were destined to be with someone? You're asking someone who's been fighting his destiny his entire life. I'm a little surprised to see you've moved on so quickly. What happened to Lana? It's a completely different feeling when the person likes you back. Lex, please, can you help me with the bail money? I'm sorry, Clark, but I don't make it a practice to bail out alleged murderers. Maybe I can get you to change your mind. Thank you. Hey. So it looks like Clark pulled you into his activist phase. Between him and Henry, I didn't have a choice. They are fighting for something really important. - Thank you. - You're welcome. I've never seen Clark this passionate about a cause. I don't think the cause is the only thing he's passionate about. Yeah, so, what is it about Kyla that breaks through Clark's shining armor? I always thought Clark had trouble letting people in. I guess he was just waiting for the right one. You know, Clark's sudden interest in Kyla wouldn't have anything... - Hello. - Thanks. Wouldn't have anything to do with the letter that you wrote Whitney, would it? I saw it on the counter this morning. It's one of the pitfalls of having a roommate. Whitney and I have been writing to each other every week since he left. Actually, I've been writing him. He hasn't really responded much lately. Am I being really evil if I suggest that maybe he's trying to move on? I don't know. Whitney's shared more with me since we broke up than when we were together. What is with guys and emotions? The closer you get, the more they keep everything in. Must be some sort of a protective instinct. Maybe we should just stop falling for guys who are trying to save the world. Not that I don't find the stench of a cave invigorating... ...but what does this have to do with Joseph? I wanted you to see them for themselves. This is what he wants to protect. Incredible. These may be more impressive than the caves at Lascaux. Joseph and Kyla are trying to get a team to authenticate them. So you're doing all of this for some cave paintings? I'm doing it because I think it's important for people to understand their past. - Don't you? - Looks like a fascinating story. Makes you wonder if the people who drew these... ...thought we'd be here 100 years later looking at them. Somehow I think they did. Lex, these caves are part of our history. Saving these paintings might be the most important thing you'll ever do. What do you think, Lex? Maybe more important than anything we can imagine. I can't believe you got Grandpa out so quickly. Thank you, Clark. I don't know how I feel about the fact... ...that it was Luthor money that bailed me out. - Not all Luthors are the same. - Why are you doing all this? It's for a good cause. Mom? Thought you'd be at work. I was running an errand and I wanted to come by. Mr. Willowbrook, I'm sorry you got tangled up in the murder investigation. People don't get tangled up in things like this, Mrs. Kent, they get set up. I don't think more false accusations are going to help anyone's situation. Mom, someone from LuthorCorp put the bloody towel in Joseph's trash. You may have come here with good intentions... ...but it's clear where your allegiances lie. Kyla, I think we need to go. Thank you. Anything new in Joseph's case? You know, Clark, a simple "Hello, Chloe" goes a long way. - I know. I'm sorry, I'm just a little... - Obsessed? I've noticed. I just got off the phone with the coroner's office. They finished the autopsy and there's a new development. I guess they found teeth marks in the foreman's bones. - What kind of teeth marks? - Canis lupus. Wolf. Takes Joseph off the hook. Still a few notches this side of normal. I mean, wolves have been extinct in Smallville for 90 years. The look on your face tells me you have a Wall of Weird explanation. Don't kill the messenger... ...but I found out that Kyla's tribe name translates into "skinwalkers." What is this, some sort of tribal ritual? It's a Native American myth where the humans transform into animals. - It's just a legend. - Clark, sometimes legends are true. It's not the first time Joseph's been arrested for his radical tactics. Joseph's not a murderer. Well, what do you know? You do still live here. Oh, Kyla called for you. Twice. You two certainly seem to be getting pretty serious. Yeah, I can be myself with her. For the first time in my life I feel like everything fits. Like we're destined to be together. But still there's something wrong. Why don't you have a seat, son. What's up? I have these feelings for Kyla. I don't wanna doubt her... ...but I'm not sure she's being honest with me. Well, Clark, not everybody's exactly what they seem. I mean, we should know that better than anybody. I think she knows more about the foreman's death than she's telling me. Mom? Mom, what's wrong? A wolf tried to attack me. Lex. Have I done something in the recent past to offend you? There are so many ways I could answer that question, Dad. I am referring to the fact that you posted bail... ...for a man who allegedly murdered my foreman. Don't tell me you're afraid of an old man. I'm sure you know that this project has become a public relations disaster... ...but now you have added an entirely new angle... ...for those damn tree-huggers to exploit. You're right about the PR nightmare, but perhaps we can give it a positive spin. Is that your cryptic way of saying you've reconsidered my proposition, Lex? - No. - No. I'm offering to take this project off your hands. I'll match dollar for dollar what you've sunk into the complex. Buy me out? What advantage would you get out of such an impulsive act? The satisfaction of seeing a local treasure preserved forever. No, I know you too well to believe you've become an activist, Lex. There's something about that land that is extremely valuable. And you know what it is. Hi. - Thought I was supposed to meet you later. - I needed to talk to you. Is everything okay? Kyla, I've been more open with you than almost anyone ever. It's okay, Clark. I'm not gonna tell anyone your secret. I know. I trust you. That's what makes this so much more weird. What do you know about skinwalkers? Have you been studying up for me? The stories say that people can turn into animals. Are they true? The visitor from the stars supposedly brought special green stones. They had really strange effects on the people. That's when they said the first skinwalkers appeared. So they're real. It's like you said, they're just stories. Like the legend of Naman is just a story? I know how important your grandfather is to you, but I need to know... ...is it possible he's a skinwalker? I can't believe you're doing this. My mom was attacked by a wolf after an argument with your grandfather... ...and the foreman was mauled by a wolf. - You can't think he's a murderer! - He'd do anything to save the caves. I thought you were on our side. The paintings are important, but not enough to kill people. If this is how you think of us, maybe we weren't meant to be together. My grandfather's right. Lionel Luthor controls you all. Lex? Who's there? Joseph! - Don't move! - No, no, don't shoot! Joseph... Joseph! Joseph. Kyla? No. No! Kyla? Oh, are you okay? Come here. You're okay. Come here. You all right? I didn't wanna hurt the foreman or your mother, Clark. Why didn't you tell me it was you? I didn't want to lie... ...but I saw the look in your eye when you thought it was my grandfather. I'm sorry, Kyla. You're the first person I thought I could trust. I knew that you knew what it felt like to carry such a big secret. - I have to get you to the hospital. - Clark, stay with me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I can't be the one for you, Naman. No. - Mr. Luthor, we're all shut down here, sir. - What's the problem? Some kid thinks he's a hero. Clark? I'm indebted to your son for his courage yesterday... ...but I thought you talked to him about this. I did, and I agree with him. Are you willing to lose your job over this? That's up to you. Martha? Martha? Thank you, Clark. Kyla was right to believe in you. I didn't save her. You did what you could. Know this: Kyla had faith in you and so do I. Whatever your destiny... ...for the true one in your life. Dad, you always told me to choose my battles wisely. I hope I didn't use such an obvious cliche. You should have taken my offer on this land. - What's this? - In light of the petition drive... ...the state has decided to exercise the Historic Artifacts Amendment... ...and buy you out at 30 cents on the dollar. You'll be happy to hear LexCorp has secured the contract... ...for the preservation of this entire area. Altruism is not in your blood, Lex, believe me. I don't know what you're up to, but you found something valuable in those caves... ...and whatever it is, I'll find it. Lana. I wanted to tell you how sorry I am about Kyla. I'm sorry you didn't get a chance to know her better. You had a lot in common. That means a lot, knowing how important she was to you. Kyla told me there used to be a star... ...right out there with the bright one. But it disappeared. It's amazing how quickly a light can go out. Lana, you're shaking. Are you okay? No. No, I don't think so. I guess it hasn't sunk in yet. Lana. Whitney's mom just called. He's missing in action. Subtitle by: