Would you stop worrying? Jonathan, please be careful. Martha, my father and I built this roof. I could walk this roof with my eyes closed. You know what the doctor said about taking it easy. You know, the last time I checked, the doctor didn't have a farm to run. Jonathan? Jonathan! Clark! Dad, what are you doing, trying to fly? -Are you all right? -Jonathan! It was just that noise. Where the hell did that come from? I didn't hear anything. It was probably nothing. Dad, look, you don't have to-- Damn it, Kal-El, I can get it myself. Kal-El? Why'd you call me that? I don't know. You heard a noise. What did it sound like? -lt was just a loud, high-pitched-- -Hum? It was the key. Clark, I slipped and fell off the roof, okay? Are you sure this has nothing to do with Jor-El? I thought we agreed we were gonna drop that. What? He is? All right, have the chopper standing by. Why did you have to bring him into this, Jor-El? Whatever promises my dad made, I'll take them on. Come on! Come on, Jor-El, I'm the one you want! Who is that? Who's down here? Oh, Clark, it's you. Don't let me interrupt you. -I just came down here to be alone. -Yeah, I can understand that. Sometimes, when I'm down here, and I look at these walls... ...I feel as if it might be possible to solve the mysteries of the universe. What do you think? I think it's time for me to go. Clark. How's your father? How's his recovery progressing? He's better. I can only imagine how difficult it must be for you to see him so.... So weak. Weak, strong, healthy, he's still my dad... ...and I love him. Of course you do. A son's love for a father, there's nothing to compare it to. After all, you only get one. Clark? I'm having a strange case of deja vu. Why the sudden resurgence of interest in the caves? Lex... ...Iisten, something truly extraordinary has happened. Do you remember the octagonal hole, or the indentation... ...that was in one of the walls of the cave? I'm sorry, Dad. That's your obsession, not mine. All right, but you remember the hole was sealed over? Yesterday, I found Clark Kent down there. -Clark. -Yes. And the hole was open. He'd opened it somehow. You know, Dad... ...they say mental illness is hereditary. I'm willing to accept my break with reality. Are you? Oh, Lex, men of vision have so often been mocked. Galileo knew it was the Earth that orbited the sun... ...and he was sentenced to death for that discovery. Where's the lnquisition when you need it? Don't let your friendship with Clark Kent blind you, son. Don't forget it was Clark who discovered the caves. Then one of the symbols from the caves mysteriously appeared on his barn. The hole sealed itself up the same day that explosion happened on his farm. -Probably coincidence. -Coincidence. That's an explanation used by fools and liars. Lex, we could accomplish so much if we work together. Don't pretend that this isn't an obsession that you and I share. We both know that you have an entire archive... ...devoted to uncovering the mystery of Clark Kent... ...and if you won 't help me, I'll find someone else who will. You said there' d be more time. Who are you talking to? I'm not talking to anybody, Clark. I'm just thinking out loud, that's all. Were you talking to Jor-El? Listen, son, not everything is about your real father, okay? -He's not my real father. -Yes, he is, Clark. He is. He's gonna be around this place long after I'm gone, anyway. Dad, what's going on with you? I don't expect you to understand any of this stuff, Clark, but l.... I almost died, and I look around here and I think... ...what in the hell did l really accomplish anyway? You're lucky, Clark. You won't ever have to face your mortality. But if you did... ...you'd find yourself reevaluating your choices too. Like taking me in? Clark, no, that's not.... I would never regret that. There's just so many chances I never took. I have to live with my mistakes. Don't let my mistakes be yours. You're tired. Let's go inside. The last thing we want to do is call more attention to this. That looks a little heavy for Psych 1 01. I'm just trying to get a handle on what my dad's going through. The surgery and everything. When I was in the hospital the doctors told me... ...that depression's pretty common after a major surgery. He's just not the same dad I know. He keeps talking about all these opportunities he missed in his life. Clark, it's gonna be okay. There isn't anything that you can't recover from. What if you screw up something so badly you can never get it back? I guess that depends on how determined you are. So what's with the cave obsession? You listened to the conversation. It's one of my father's eccentricities. Along with Clark Kent? Trust me, Clark has nothing to do with my father. That's not what it sounded like to me. When the Metropolis police had that noose around your neck... -...you offered us full disclosure-- -Look, don't try to hang this on me. Before I agreed to help, all you had on my father was creative bookkeeping. I'm giving you illegal cellular research, cloning, crimes against humanity. So leave Clark out of this. "You've got an entire archive devoted to unlocking... ...the mystery of Clark Kent." That sounds to me like more than your average kid from Podunk. Maybe if I speak into the microphone, you'll hear it clearer. Clark Kent is nobody. A nobody who's pals with Dr. Virgil Swann? Corporate titans don't often show up at my doorstep unannounced. I apologize for surprising you like this, Dr. Swann... ...but it's a matter of some urgency. I've been wondering how long it would take you to finally walk through the door. Then you obviously know why I'm here. I think, perhaps, you've been reading my e-mails to Clark Kent. Am I correct? My transgression doesn't seem to upset you. I'm glad. I'm a scientist. I find curiosity to be a most admirable trait. Dr. Swann, I am the conservator of the Kawatche Caves. If you can tell me what is written on the cave walls... ...I would agree to hand over that conservancy to your foundation. Well, thank you, but I'm afraid I can't help you. The language remains a mystery to me. Are you aware that at one time there was an octagonal keyhole... ...on the wall of the cave? It was sealed for months. Then it reopened suddenly. Just after our friend Clark had been down there. Then you don't need me. You need a locksmith. Right, but... ...the key to that lock was in my possession... ...but it was stolen from my safe. Again, Clark had been present. So now you believe that he has it. He trusts you. Would you be willing to talk to him? It's such a small price to pay... ...in exchange for the answers you've been searching for. Yes, well, I know what I'm after... ...but what do you expect to find? You're dying. How do you know that? As I said, curiosity is an admirable trait. Dr. Swann... ...I know that what can save my life is locked within the wall of that cave. I believe in the extraordinary... ...in the possibilities it holds. But I prefer to follow my own path. All right. Thank you for your time, doctor. Even if you had the key... ...you have no idea what would happen if you put it into the lock. I'd be willing to take that risk. Then perhaps there is an arrangement we might make. Clark. I'm afraid I've invaded your sanctuary. -What do you think you'll find down here? -You tell me. How'd you open it, Clark? -I don't know what you're talking about. -I don't want to play games. You expect me to believe your fascination with these caves started with a term paper? No, do it again. I don't think you wanna start talking about unusual obsessions, Mr. Luthor. Unless you want to explain why you blackmailed my friends into spying on me. I believe that we're put on this Earth for a reason, Clark. Our task in life is to find out what that reason is. Sometimes, we can't do that alone. You're never gonna find what you're looking for. I'm much closer than you think. What's going on here? Take the barn. The rest follow me. Martha Kent? -What are you doing? -FBl. We're searching this place. -You can't. -We can, and we will. Excuse me, ma'am, we need you outside. Hi, Mom. You must be out looking for Dad too. I think I have an idea where he is. I'll see you soon. Thanks for the phone. Clark, what's going on? My dad kind of went AWOL. He was halfway through unloading the feed run... ...and just jumped in his truck and took off. I'm sorry, Lana. It's.... -He's never done anything like this before. -Hey, you know what? It's gonna be okay. I didn't mean to unload on you like that. No, you.... You never have to apologize for opening up to me. Lana? I know this is a stressful time for you. No. That's not what this is about. Lana, I don't want to look back like my dad... ...and wonder what my life could've been. Clark. We've tried this once before. You said there's nothing you can't recover from. No, I wasn't talking about us. Look, right now, think about your dad, okay? He's the one who needs you. Yeah. Dad, are you okay? Mom and I have been worried sick about you. You can't just take off like that. How'd you know to find me out here? When I'm searching for answers, I turn to my dad. I guess it runs in the family. Your grandfather was the stubbornest man I ever knew. And believe me... ...Clark, I wasn't nearly the son you are. My mother used to say that... ...he and I were like watching two sides of the same coin... ...duking it out. I see the way you and Jor-El fight and I wonder... ...if maybe fathers and sons were the same on Krypton. Except he's not my father. You are. Yeah. I am your father who turns his back on you when you need him the most. I am your father who forces you to run away. My father never would've done that. I wish I had his strength and his wisdom. Dad, you do. Clark, I don't know how to protect you anymore. That's not your job. Your job is to teach me how to protect myself... ...but that doesn't mean I don't need you. Mom needs you too. Let's go home. I realize paying the Talon's bills... ...isn't the high point of your month... ...but I'm guessing something else is going on. No. No, everything's fine. Lana, you know you could talk to me about anything. I wanna believe that someone can change, but.... But I'm starting to lose faith. Are we talking about Clark? You know, he came by the Talon earlier... ...and he kissed me. He kissed you? Isn't that what you wanted? God, I don't.... I don't know. Look. I'm afraid I'm a little jaded in the romance department. The only thing I know about relationships is that... ...someone usually winds up getting hurt. And you don't think I can trust Clark to not do that? I don't think it's about trust. It's like the German poet Rilke said: A person isn't who they are during the last conversation you had with them. They're who they've been throughout your whole relationship. -Mom! -Oh, thank God you're back. -What happened? -The FBl came and tore through everything. -What did they want? -They had a search warrant. The only thing that's missing is the key. I have to get that back. If they find out what it's for.... -lt doesn't matter, Clark. -How can you say that? Because they didn't get what they came for. Lex! Clark, I'm busy. Can this wait? The FBl just raided our farm. Any idea why? They didn't say, but for some reason, I think your dad's involved. Clark, I can't imagine my father's on the FBl's most trusted list... ...but I'm curious why you think he'd be interested. I talked to him today. He said some crazy things. He thinks I can give him answers about the caves. Can you? My father's methods can be questionable, but usually there's truth in his madness. He's so obsessed about those caves that he's imagining things that don't exist. Clark, I'm glad you told me about this. It means a lot that you trust me enough to let me help. Is there something you're not telling me? And what would that be, Clark? I'll check into it. What the hell were you doing at the Kent farm? Be quiet. You're bound and determined to blow our cover, aren't you? Get in here. If I want to look at Clark Kent, you won't have much to say about it. -Those weren't your men? -We don't storm farmhouses as a habit. What is it about this kid you're trying to protect? Look, Luthor, this is my show. -Do I need to remind you you came to us? -Like I had a choice. You know the deal. The FBl isn't interested in some farm boy. We're interested in your father. Now, get out of here so we can do our work. Your father's not working with the FBl! It's you! -Clark, you have to trust me. -I did. I guess it was a bad mistake. Clark, you've got it all wrong! Look, it's not about you! We're going after my father! He tried to pin the murders at Metron Labs on me, so I went to the feds... ...and I cut a deal. Look, over and over... ...I've given him the chance to show me who he really is... ...and I now realize he already has. He deserves what's coming to him. -You don't care whose privacy gets invaded. -lt wasn't the FBl who raided the farm. My father may have had men impersonate the feds. The question is why. Maybe he's on to you! Maybe he's warning you to back off. If that's the case, I'm sorry he got you involved... -...but I think you already were. -What's that supposed to mean? How well do you know a Dr. Virgil Swann? What makes you think I know him at all? According to the FBl, my father's been talking to him... ...and he found Dr. Swann through you. You two have been e-mailing each other? He's been studying the cave paintings. I don't know how you stumbled into this... ...but somehow you've got two billionaires keenly interested in you and those caves. They're your enemies, not me. You betrayed me! Hello, Kal-El. My name is Clark. You think I betrayed you because I met with Lionel Luthor? You did more than meet with him. You agreed to help him. I didn't betray you, Kal-El. I promised you your secret would never leave this building, and it hasn't. My involvement with Lionel Luthor is in your best interest. That man has done nothing but cause my family pain. Was he the one who caused the explosion on the farm? Did he make you run wild in Metropolis? I opened the door to your heritage... ...because I thought that you were ready. Your actions over the past year have proven me wrong. You don't understand. There was another message in the ship, from my biological father. It said I was sent here to conquer. Do you know if that's true? I don't have all the answers. I'm still on the same journey as you are, Kal-El. Please. Don't call me that. I don't even know who that is. Fathers often want futures that their sons reject. That struggle is as old as the human race. Except I'm not human. Humanity is not only about biology. Look, you don't know Jor-El. Everything that he said has come to pass. My father made a deal with him to save me, and now it's killing him. But the more you pursue this course, the greater the risk... ...that you'll expose your secret not only to the Luthors... ...but to the world. I can't let my father die for my mistakes. Well, if that's your decision... ...then there's something else I have to show you. Activate screen. It says, "l am waiting." It must be from Jor-El. That message didn't come from the stars. It originated right here on Earth. But I believe... ...that it wasn't meant for you, Kal-El. Dad? Mom, where's Dad? He left again, Clark. Don't be too hard on him. He can't do what he used to around here. Mom, I don't think it's that simple. I just went to see Dr. Swann. He thinks Jor-El is trying to contact someone. Mom, it's not me, and the way Dad's been acting... ...I think he's getting messages through the key. What would Jor-El want with your dad? He said Jor-El was waiting for something. Do you know where Dad went? -You searched every inch of that farm? -Yes. -You're certain? -Yes, sir, I assure you. It's not there. Everybody out of here. Get out. Right now! Get out of here! Out of here. Now! -I said, everybody get out of here! -Go on, get out. You have no right to be down here. Well, the State Park Service might disagree with you. You want something that doesn't belong to you. I'm not gonna let you take it. There exists in this world some things too valuable to belong to any one person. I am sick and tired of talking to you. This is your last warning. Stay away from my son. If you raised your son the way I raised mine, he wouldn't need protection. You know, weakness isn't something you're born with. You learn it, and Clark learned his from you. Dad! Dad! What are you doing? You're not thinking! It's the only way that I know you're safe. Unless you want to explain to the police why you illegally raided my farm... ...you had better let me walk out of here. Back off. Sir... ...you better take a look at this. The key's in the wall. It must be. Where is it, Clark? I don't have it. Hi. I know you got a lot going on right now. I think we left things in kind of a weird place. I know the way I've been acting is kind of hard to understand... ...but, Lana, my feelings for you have never changed. I guess a part of me knows that. But, you know, it's like Lex says... ...a person isn't who they say they are in any one moment. -They're who they've always been-- -Lex? What does he have to do with this? I trust him. I trust his advice. He only wants what's best for us. Lana, how many times have we been standing here avoiding what we both want? That's because every time you've let me get close... ...it hurts that much more when you leave. You can't keep changing the rules. I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt you. -But I promise, I'm not leaving this time. -Maybe I am. You know what your dad said about looking back... ...and feeling as though he'd missed something? Clark, I have been so focused on you... ...waiting to see if we could ever get back together... ...that maybe I'm missing out on some opportunities. -Like seeing other people? -No. No, I mean everything. And until I figure that out, I can't keep doing this. It's not fair to either of us. Clark. Lana sure didn't stay very long. No. -You all right, son? -Yeah. Dad, we're going to have to talk about what happened down in the cave. I know. You always tell me to be so careful around Lionel Luthor, and then you just.... -Why'd you go down there with the key? -I'm not sure. I was just drawn to it. It's the only way I can explain it. Dad, I know it's the deal you made with Jor-El. I thought you sacrificed your health to bring me home, but it's more than that, isn't it? Clark, look, I've done a lot of things the last few days I'm not particularly proud of... ...but it wasn't Jor-El who did them, it was me. What's Jor-El waiting for? How do you know about that? Dr. Swann. -Dad, what did you promise him? -That's none of your concern, Clark. Dad, if it wasn't for me, you never would've gotten involved with Jor-El. Come on, why don't you let me help? I've always told you to take responsibility for your decisions. Now let me take responsibility for mine. Because now we're both in Lionel's sights... ...and what are we gonna do when he gets that key out of the wall? The key is not in the wall, Clark. -You took it. -No. But it's still out there somewhere. --------------------------------------------- -**- English Subtitles by jondon -**- Smallville Taiwan Fans Site