Not until every prisoner that I released is returned or destroyed. I stopped expecting you to act like a friend a long time ago. Were we ever really friends, lex? Lex luthor's developing an army of superfreaks. The prototype is in the final stages of testing. He's gonna pay for what he did to wes. Letting lana go was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Lana lang,will you marry me? Lana, what happened? I'm pregnant. You know clark's secret,don't you? Lana,we should be together. If you don't honor the promise that you've made to my son, I will kill clark kent. I've been exposed to more kryptonite than practically anyone else in this town. I'm some kind of meteor freak,aren't I? - You lost the baby. - no I was never pregnant. You knew what lex was doing to me, orchestrating a fake pregnancy just to trap me into marriage with him. I'M...protecting...clark. no The war is about to begin. Baie-Saint-Paul,Quebec Marie?Is that you? Leave us alone! I've come to save your father, I think he's dying. Back away! No, papa! No! no! No. No, papa! No! no,no,no Papa, no! we got him. No bullets!It's inside him. We need the man alive. The entity can't survive out of the human body. I want you to check the eyes of every man, woman, and child until you find it. Lex. You look worried, son. Is everything okay? You tell me, dad. Ever since the day I put on this wedding ring, you seem to havean uncanny knack for being one step ahead of me. I don't have time for this. I have things to do. Like have a private screening of that dvd? You know,the documentary --the one lana stole from me and gave to you. Oh, dear. I'd hoped married life had lessened some of your paranoia. I have security footage of lana in this library forcing open my briefcase and pocketing the dvd. Lana would never, ever do something like that unless she was being coerced. As hard as it is for you to believe, lana actually loves me. Oh, you know so little about women, lex. I suppose losing your mother at such an early age didn't help matters. Lana does not love you. The only reason she agreed to marry you was that I gave her a gentle, yet very firm, nudge. Using my wife against me... that's deplorable,even for you. Whatever debts you think I still owe you, we are even. I want you out of my life. I don't think you're gonna get rid of me that easily. Car's ready. You know, I was thinking, if you're half the senator that you are a mom, this country's in really good hands. I always thought you'd be the one to leave the farm first. Well, washington, D.C., Is no different than topeka. It's only a few seconds more away for me. That's not what I mean. I know this has been a really difficult year for you, especially since lana and lex got married. Like you always tell me, some things are just meant to be. Clark, if you feel it would be better to have some distance from them by moving away from smallville, I don't want you to let this farm keep you from doing that. This farm, it's my home. And it's been in our family for over 100 years. Someone has to take care of it. But that someone doesn't have to be you. Just because I'm leaving doesn't mean you have to stay. Excuse me. Senator, it's time to go. Your plane to washington is waiting. I'll be right there. I love you. I love you, too, mom. Hey. Is that the look of a reporter on the trail of a hot story or is someone trying to pick good lottery numbers? Right before wes haywired, he kept repeating these numbers over and over again. They have to mean something. Well, wes was a soldier. I mean, maybe it was his serial number. Not in any branch of the armed forces I've ever heard of. And I've run the numbers through every search engine on the web. I got diddly-squat. Good.Let's keep it that way. Look, lois,take it from someone who's gone up against the lex luthor army more than once. Not only will victory remain elusive, but you're almost certain to step on a land mine in the process. I'm the general's daughter,remember? I live for battle. Not the kind of battles you can't win, lois. You remember what he did to my mother. I don't want him to hurt someone else that I care about. Now, please, back off. You know what? You're right. Why would I knowingly walk straight into enemy fire? He'll get his.It's only a matter of time. Good. You can thank me later. Now, I got to rocket to the planet. Longitude and latitude. No duh. He's a mail carrier from a nearby village. We found his body in his truck the day after the incident. Did his blood get us anywhere? No abnormalities. And definitely no alien peptide sequences. Whatever that creature was on the dvd, it's not inside this guy anymore. Wes keenan was a subpar prototype because the peptides we used came from a dead specimen. We need the entity to be in a living host. We're trying, sir, but we discovered this thing only lasts in a human for 24 hours before it needs to find a new victim. Then you better set your stopwatch. That alien dna is the only way to get my army combat ready. lana? I'm leaving lex. Lana, I know this is when I'm supposed to say I'm sorry,but I can'T. Clark, I came here to say goodbye. Lex is going to be very angry. It's too dangerous. I have to leave smallville. Lana, you don't have to worry about lex. You don't have to be afraid. I can protect you from him. I can protect you from anything. You can't this time. Clark, I'm sorry. Just know that I will always love you. Wait, lana. I can't lose you again... ...not without telling you the truth about me. Clark, I already know about your powers. There's more. I'm from another planet. It's called krypton. It's light-years away, and my parents sent me here to save me. They sent me to earth just before krypton was destroyed. Please say something. You're still the same clark kent to me. I guess there's no reason for you to go. We can be together now. You'd be safe. You won't be. There's not many things that can hurt me. But you're not invincible. You have a weakness. How do you know that? Did someone tell you that? It was lionel, wasn't it? Lana, you need to tell me everything you know. Clark, lionel threatened to kill you if I didn't marry lex. Martha, I am calling to congratulate the newest united states senator. I have no doubt that capitol hill will never be the same now that you are -- clark,what are you doing here? What I should have done a long time ago. You come into my life pretending to be some kind of guardian angel. You're exactly the opposite. No, clark, you got it wrong,I swear. - you*** - no Clark,if lana's spoken to you, I know what you must be thinking, but you've got to listen to me. I've listened to you for too long! Lex is tracking a wraith from the phantom zone. I had to force lana to marry him. It was the only way she could get close to him to get the information I needed to help you. No. I never asked for your help, and I never will. You're not a murderer. You're kal-el. Don't call me by that name. Stop. This man is on our side. He is an emissary of jor-el. Subject en route and fully anesthetized. Meet you at base. Lex, we have to talk. We most certainly do, but it will have to wait. I'll be back tonight. I won't be. Lex, I can't live like this anymore. Yeah,I don't blame you -- livi a lie in a marriage you never wanted. It must take its toll after a while. You're the expert -- setting up a nursery, an heirloom crib, the tears of joyin your eyes when you saw that ultrasound. What kind of a toll does that take, lex? What in god's name are you talking about? I'm talking about the massive amounts of hormones that you injected into my veins to make me believe I was pregnant. What kind of a monster are you? I don't know where you're getting your information from, lana, but it's nothing but slander. You know I would never -- don't lie, lex. It's too late for all that. This marriage is over. Lana, I know I'm far from perfect... but you can't deny what we had between us. Lex, all there is between us are lies on top of lies. Lana, everything I've ever done -- it's because I love you. You aren't capable of love, lex. You never were. It's clark, isn't it? You never could get over him... even if he is the greatest liar of them all. Clark means more to me than you ever will. Lana. That's the last time you'll ever touch me. Do you really think I could just let you walk away? What are you going to do, lex... kill me? Because that's the only way you're gonna keep me in this mansion. I know. I know. The methods I have to use seem cruel, heartless, but the truth is, I am using them to protect you. I don't understand. None of this makes any sense. It was when lex was possessed with zod. I became possessed with all your father's knowledge. I found myself writing,in kryptonian, the symbol for power. It was a beacon -- the same beacon jor-el used when he needed me. You knew my father? I worked for jor-el, bringing criminals to justice. When krypton was on the verge of annihilation, he asked me to keep an eye out for you. Where have you been all these years? Watching from a distance. Your father wanted you to pass the test without any help. He wasn't to interfere unless it was absolutely necessary. When you unleashed those phantoms, your life was at stake. I didn't have a choice. Like what happened at the docks in seattle. When that phantom infected my mind. That's right. Unfortunately,I've lost a step since then. What happened? Nothing. That's not nothing. I had a run-in with the last phantom. I have to leave earth's atmosphere to heal, but first I must complete the job I started. I have the crystal that raya gave me. I doubt that crystal will work. It's not an ordinary phantom,clark. It's the product of a kryptonian lab experiment. It's been destroying one human being after the other, desperately searching for the only host that will ensure its survival -- a kryptonian body. Where's the phantom? If you were to get infected, it could kill you. People are being killed every day. If anyone's gonna stop this phantom, it's gonna be me. LAT 3852 LON 9532 Reeves dam. I don't get it. So, you said the symptoms were black eyes and a high fever, right? That and a bad temper. Your hack worked. I'm into the qpp database. I'll start searching police records. Here we go. There was an 8-year-old boy admitted to a hospital 13 miles away from that cabin. Blackened corneas, high fever, explosive tendencies. And the doctors didn't know what was wrong with him. What hospital is he at? St. Mary's, but that's not gonna get us anywhere because it says here the boy disappeared. I have the police report. A maintenance worker said he saw the boy being loaded in an unmarked helicopter. This has got to be lex. So, lex is tracking a wraith from the phantom zone, and lionel luthor is your new father figure? This is a lot of excitement for one day. Yeah, there's more. Lana's leaving him. That's a happy headline. Why didn't you say anything? Chloe,I told lana my secret. She knows everything. She knows that I'M... an alien. Well So, I guess we have a new charter member of the clark kent secret-keeping club. What did she say? She kissed me. That's fantastic. You've been wanting this forever. You just -- you must be on cloud 99. I will be as soon as I deal with this phantom. What are you doing down here? I'm an engineering major at met u, and I'm doing a paper on hydroelectric power. Go back the way you came and get out of here. I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's really going on at this dam. You're not a student. Come on.Let's go for a walk. Okay, you got it. You're the guy with the gun. Looks like we got ourselves a wild one. Wait until you see my claws. Chloe... I'm through with all you losers. I'm leaving smallville. Lana, I'm minutes away. - Just stay where -- - I don't trust you. I don't trust anyone anymore. Lana, stay calm, please. It's too late. Lex hit me. All right, I'm here. I'm pulling up right now. I'm getting out of here, and I'm never coming back. Lana! Lex has the phantom. He used an unmarked helicopter to kidnap a boy from the same village in quebec. What happened to you? Clark, I, uh... ...I don't know how to tell you this. Tell me what? It's, uh... lana.She'S... she, uh... she what? She's gone. She's gone? What do you mean "gone"? She's dead, son. No. It was a bomb in her car. I don't believe you. I was there, clark. I saw it happen. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. She was gonna leave him. He didn't let her leave. Where's lex? Clark... tell me where lex is. I can't let you do something you'll regret for the rest of your life. No. Oh, god. Lois, you're gonna be all right, okay? I'm gonna get you out -- oh, my god. Oh, my god. Lois. Come on, lois.You're a fighter. Come on. Come on, lois. Come on. You're the strongest girl I know. Come on! Please! You can't die.I can't lose you. I love you too much. Please. Chloe? Chloe? Wake up. Honey, wake up. No discernable activity from the subject. 24 hours are almost up. Let's move. Draw the blood. This better be it. Yes, well, it looks perfectly normal. Let's hope it isn'T. "Hope" isn't a word in my vocabulary, doctor. I need results. Do we have what we need? It looks like your fleet of fighters are about to get their jet fuel. Wait! Wait! Wait! Clark! Clark, wait! She was your wife, lex. Now is not the time to lecture me about my marriage, clark. Why did you do it? Just tell me. Get your hands off me! You afraid she was gonna bring you down, or was it just too humiliating for you that she was gonna leave you? Why'd you have to kill her? Why? What are you talking about? You already know. Lana is dead. No. No. You don't need to act so surprised. You're the one who killed her. You put a bomb in her car. You're the one who killed her! Get out of here. It'll kill us both. He's right. At last... a kryptonian. Thanks for sharing. I feel a lot better now. What just happened? I took a little piece of your dna. And now I'm gonna take your life. Put your hands up. My wife -- something's happened to her. Hands up now. You're making a mistake. You're under arrest for the murder of lana luthor. Clark. Son, what is it? That's not me. It's the phantom. How do you like my new look? Thanks.