Does it really matter? Housekeeping. Mr. Luthor has no comment. Don't say anything. Look people I've told you, my client has no comment, O.K.? Billionaire Lex Luthor was released today on $5 million bail, but we're told he's the only suspect in the grisly slaying this morning of a young woman whose body has not yet been identified. The police investigators - So, you won't tell me how you wound up lying naked, covered in blood, next to a dead girl you hardly knew? - I didn't kill her. I didn't ask. Lex you're paying me to get you off, not to prove you're innocent. But you're going to have to be straight with me... - Were you drinking last night? - Yes. At the fundraiser in the hotel. We had champagne. - Is it possible that you were drugged? - It wouldn't be the first time. If you were drugged it will show up in the blood test I had you take. In the meantime, you're going to have to try to remember anything you can about this girl. I can't. She had a pink MP3 player. - We listened to it together. - That wasn't on the evidence list. Are you sure she had it with her at the hotel? - Excuse me, Corinne. It's the D.A. - Thank you Shannon, I'll be right there. You stay put. It's a media circus out there, and I don't want you saying anything stupid. Your bedside manner needs work. I'm not here to hold your hand, Lex. You want a hug, call your mother. - Lex. - Clark. I take it you saw my "Walk of Shame" on the news? - How are you holding up? - Not so great actually. - I trust you're here as a friend. - Just tell me you didn't do this. I met a girl at the Opera. I took her to a hotel, I didn't kill her. Who was she? - I don't know. - You slept with her but didn't know her name? It's one of those nights that never happens. You meet someone and get caught in the moment. I'm guilty of that, but I'm not a murderer! - It was my father, he's framing me. - Your father's in prison. You really think that matters? Go home, Clark. You don't want to be involved in this, trust me. [Je vais dors que seulment un temps] I sleep for a while... Countess Marguerite Isabelle Thoreaux, you have been found guilty of practicing the darkest art, Witchcraft. I hereby condemn you to burn in the fires of hell. [Tu m'as trahi, Isabelle! Maintenant tu dois mourir.] You betray me, Isabelle. You have to die. Clark, thank you for coming. It's good to see you. How's Lex? I've been trying to contact him since I heard, but he won't speak to me. He thinks you're trying to frame him. Are you? - No Clark. - Why should I believe you? There's no reason you should. Listen to me, I was ill, Clark... The liver disease I had was a death sentence... and something happened, I can't explain it... I woke up on the floor, there was a riot... I I felt as if... a different kind of energy had been.. inside me, something strong, and... good. I was changed. And my liver had healed! - What was it? - I don't know. All I can say was... It was miraculous! I could see... The darkness... the destructive power that had always been inside me. I can see it in Lex now. I have to help him, Clark. - Do you think he did it? - No, this was a crime of passion, or it was an elaborate frame. The girl, did she have a car? Lex told the police that he took her to the hotel in his Ferrari. Then they'll look for her car at the opera house. They won't find it there. Lex has patterns. He would have had the girl drive her own card to the hotel, so he could leave in the morning and not have to take her home. The patterns. The girl... she had brown hair, yes? She reminded him of Lillian. It's his mother. You have to help him, Clark. - If I find this car... - Anything you find, bring it to me, I can help you. I'll see where it leads. - But I still don't trust you. - I know. But you will be back... won't you? Stupid, stupid. - I swear, one time that thing actually bit me. - Hi Lana, it does take a certain touch. Are you feeling alright, you look a little pale. I just had this really weird dream last night, I can't seem to shake it. Oh, I'm sorry, Lana. You have a visitor. She's here for me? Thanks. Excuse me. Lana! It's wonderful to finally meet you. You are beautiful. I'm sorry, do I know you? I'm Jason's mother. - Did I catch you off-guard? - No... no. Yeah actually, you have a little. I just didn't know he was expecting you. Well he isn't. - Could we sit? - Sure. Would you like some tea? No thank you. I know this sounds impossibly British, but I can't bring myself to drink tea from a mug. - Is that terrible? - No, of course not. How's Jason? I haven't spoken to him since he left Paris... And he won't answer any of my calls. I'm afraid that... - I am afraid he thinks that I'm angry with him. - You're not? I simply want to see him again. Mrs. Teague, I... I've wanted to meet you. But if Jason isn't ready to be a part of your life, I don't think I can either. Not behind his back. The last thing I want to do is put you in the middle of this, but... If you could just tell him that I'm here, and that I'm staying at the Smallville Inn. Tell him I want to see him. Sure. Thanks. You know what's interesting? A moment ago, when I met you, you looked like you recognized me.. How can that be? Goodbye, Lana. You must come and visit me in Metropolis. You are so beautiful. I see now why he had to be with you. - Where have you been all afternoon? - I went to see Lionel at the prison. Why, are you backlogged with your Community Service hours or something? No, look, I know this sounds crazy, But Lionel gave me a lead in Lex's case, he said I'd find the girl's car in the hotel and I think I did... Check this out, There were 22 cars checked into the hotel valet that night after 10pm when Lex said he left the opera. Of those cars, all but 3 were hotel guests, and of those 3, two belong to guys that were in the hotel bar. - Leaving one. Exactly, but I haven't been able to trace a name or address. Why am I not surprised? Let me try. You know what the weird thing is? The police aren't even looking into this. Of course not, Clark. They think that Lex is guilty, and they've already got their man. But don't you think it's possible that this is a setup? I mean, Lionel Luthor goes all "Hannibal Lechter" and tells you what to look for, and where to find it. I don't think so. I can't explain this, but something happened to Lionel in prison, - I think it changed him. - Clark... - And what if he really can help? - Clark, he's the master manipulator, you can't trust him, O.K.? Besides, Lex is in great hands. He's got Corinne Harper leading his defense. They call her "The Barracuda". What he really needs is a good publicist. Have you see this? The police have interviewed over 13 women that have slept with Lex in the past year. What's wrong? Lex told me this one-night-stand was something that never happens. - And you believed him? - I've got to believe somebody, Chloe. There it is. Eve Andrews, Age 28. Lives in Metropolis. Lex. - What are you doing? - I'm saving my ass, Clark. What the hell are you doing here? You've got to help me... Please. You were burning evidence, Lex. Not exactly the actions of an innocent man! Come on, Clark, think about it! If I killed that girl, Why would I take a nap next to her body so the maid can find me? - It doesn't make any sense. -Nor does breaking into her house, but you did that. You better be honest with me, cause right now, I'm an accomplice. I didn't ask you to show up. How did you even know to go there? - I tracked down her car. - Did you call the cops, too? - No. - Cause this is going to be on the 6:00 news now! - Why'd you go there, Lex? - I got a call from Corinne's office, saying they had a lead on an address. I thought maybe I could find out who she was. I had no idea what I was walking into. - What did you find out? - Her name's Eve Andrews. And as you can tell from the stack of photos, she's been stalking me for some time. - So you did know her? - No, only by name, but she didn't tell me at the fundraiser, so how was I supposed to know? Clark, you know I didn't do this! It's my father trying to get back at me. He knows about all these stalkers! Luthorcorp's lawyers compiled a database about them last year. My father knew Eve would be the perfect victim to make it look like I had motive. I don't think it's your father, Lex. I went to see him. He wants to help. He was the one who sent you looking for her car, wasn't he? - Yes. - You're playing right into his hands. - Lex. - You can't straddle the fence on this one Clark, My father and I are enemies! You have to decide who you really trust! She was stalking him and he didn't know what she looked like? He said he'd never seen her before. Lex lied about a lot of things, he lied about all those women. Do you think he could have done it? I have to say the whole "Firestarter" thing doesn't scream "innocence", but... there's something really strange about this. Look at this. Wait, I thought Lex's attorneys had all this under lock and key. Well, she may know people at the top, but I know people at the bottom, and they work for tips. Check this out. See? - She's wearing 2 diamond earrings. See that? - Yeah. O.K. now we're going to skip all this gross "Zalman King" stuff... Just before they get out of the elevator and onto the penthouse floor... and look. - She lost an earring. - Exactly. The police report said the dead woman was wearing 2 diamond earrings. So either she found it, or... Lex was with 2 different women. Thank you, Shannon. That was my assistant. Your tox screen came back negative, Lex. - There were no drugs in your system. - So it left my system, or the test was altered. That's certainly not beyond my father's capabilities. They've got you lying next to the body, covered in blood, and now that they I.D'ed the victim they also have motive. - Why, because she was stalking me? Yes. Do you even know why she was stalking you, Lex? Because you slept with her 18 months ago. And then you sent her a pair of diamond earrings as a consolation prize. How could you not remember her? I don't always get their names, or remember their faces. I suppose it doesn't help that we all look alike, does it? I was your type too, Lex. Or don't you remember that, either? - I remember, Corinne. - Ooh. Goody for me. You must enjoying this on some level. Seeing me pay for my indiscretions. I'd be lying if I said there wasn't a certain amount of satisfaction seeing you hoisted on your own petard. On the plus side, the view from up here is exceedingly clear. See I've been thinking that whoever did this would need to have access to my legal files to know Eve was stalking me. I thought it was my dad, but maybe I was wrong. That database was your project, wasn't it? You know what, I knew there might be a conflict of interest when I took this case. But I had hoped we got past all that. Apparently I was wrong. I'm removing myself as your attorney. So, the police still haven't picked up on the "missing earring" thing, and according to the people at the front desk, they haven't found anything yet. So that's where we're at. Well, if I were an earring... Let's re-enact the event, O.K.? So Lex had Eve up against this wall here, so... O.K., come on big boy, it's for the cause of truth and justice, now push me up against the wall. And her hand was like this, and I think his hand was like this... Maybe he knocked the earring off accidentally. Yeah. Yeah, and then she pushed him up against this wall over here like this. Hi. Oh my. - It's O.K. You can come in. - No that's fine, we'll just take the stairs. No, but nothing was happening! We weren't doing anything! Really! Hey Clark. What if the earring fell down this crack? I'm glad you came back, Clark. Why did you bring me this? I didn't think Lex would tell me the truth. And you believe that I will? You wanted to help. I'm trusting you. That belonged to the girl that Lex met at the Opera. Eve Andrews, yes? Well that's the thing. Eve Andrews was wearing 2 earrings when she died. I think there's 2 girls. And I think the girl in the elevator is still alive. I just don't know how to find her. "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. " When I was younger, and I wanted to get rid of a woman, I would... send her a pair of diamond earrings. Delivered by courier, no messy farewells. It was my signature. My son, it seems, is carrying on the tradition. The girl in the elevator is a former lover of Lex's. She's the killer. Factor his position on the case of the Merrins... O.K., Corinne, I'm here. What's this new evidence you wanted to talk about? First you quit, now you're back... Look, I came a long way, what do you want? - 911 emergency. - Yeah, someone's been killed. I'm sorry all lines are busy at the moment. Please hold for the first emergency operator. - What are you doing? - What's wrong Lex? Don't you recognize me? Promise to be quiet? - Welcome home. - How'd you get past my security? I work for your law firm, Lex. I told them you'd been drinking in Metropolis, and you needed a ride home... They helped me carry you up here. Why here. Why are you doing this? Because this is where it all happened. This is where I earned my earrings... The first time. You see, you remember the other night, but you don't remember the first time. I do. I had a fiancee. But you didn't know that. I cheated on him with you because I thought that you loved me. And when I broke it off with him, I called to tell you that. But you wouldn't take my call. I'm sorry. If I had known... But you didn't. And then 3 months later, I bump into you outside of Corinne's office, and you don't even recognize me. It was like I never happened to you. And so I started going through your files. Turns out I wasn't the only one. Eve Andrews. Among others. But she was such a fan. I told her that you wanted to make amends. And she agreed to come to the hotel, and then I slipped something into your champagne after we made love. It's funny your blood tests didn't pick that up. - You rigged the tests. - I just switched out the results. You were the one that sent me to her place. You called the police. You were supposed to get caught. But you didn't... and so here we are. Hey. What's wrong? You haven't said anything all night. Talk to me. I met your mom. Where? Here. She... she said that you weren't returning her calls, so she came to see me. She's staying at the Smallville Inn, wants you to stop by. Why didn't you tell me earlier? I don't know. I guess... Maybe I don't want to be the one passing notes between you and your mother. I wouldn't have asked you to do that. She had no right to come here. I'm sorry. She seemed really worried about you. I bet she did. I bet she seemed sad, and... heartbroken... But, she's not. She's manipulative... and all my life she's tried to control me. What, is there something else? I dreamed about her. I mean, I was dreaming about Isabelle Thoreaux. She was being burned at the stake. And suddenly, your mom was there. It's probably not unusual to dream about somebody you just met. Jason. I dreamt about her before I met her... There it is... - Just like he said. - How do they get the serial numbers so small? It's lilliputian. Lasers. Lionel said all the high-end diamond dealers do it. In case it ever gets lost or stolen, you can track it down. Or it can track you down. Oh, I still can't believe that Lionel actually called his old jewelry guy, and had him send over the purchase orders. - Alright, give me the numbers. - 722DJS3970. Here we go, 2 diamond earrings. Wow, very expensive. Couriered to Ms. Shannon Bell. - Shannon Bell, how do I know that name. - According to this, she works in Lex's law firm. -We have to warn him. - I'll call the police. You know you could have stopped all this, Lex. All you had to do was recognize me outside of the Opera. Just say, "Hi Shannon, it's nice to see you. " But you didn't. I was wearing the earrings that you bought me. We had sex again and you still didn't recognize me! I had a life, Lex. I had a fiancee. You ruined my life, and... you didn't even know who I was! And you do this... all the time. Please don't do this! It has to stop. LUTHOR ACQUITTED OF DOUBLE HOMICIDE I'm glad Lex was found innocent, but I wish you would've come to us before you got involved. First, Dad, I just wanted to help, then I had to figure out if I could trust him or not. What did you decide? I haven't. I mean, the way he treated those women. It showed me a side of Lex I hadn't seen before. I mean, how could you just not care that you hurt someone? Lex was just following what he's learned son, that's all. There's something else you should know. I went to see Lionel. - What? - He wanted to help Lex, and he did. I couldn't have done it without him. Clark... you know how dangerous that man is to you. Dad, that's the thing. I think he's changed... and his liver healed. I thought his condition was terminal. I think something in me actually... healed him. - Clark, does Lionel know about this? - No, he actually thinks... it's a miracle. It is. Look, I know this sounds crazy, but I really think he has changed. I could see it in his eyes. Clark, as far as I'm concerned, Lionel Luthor is never going to change, and neither is Lex. And we're just going to have to accept that. I understand you helped vindicate me, Dad. There's just no telling the influence you seem to have from behind these bars. I pointed your friend Clark in the right direction, that's all I did. You still believe I had something to do with this, don't you? No. I just assume you must want something in return. Yes. Yes I do. I'm not helping you get released. You don't understand. I know that I deserve to be here... in this terrible place. I have no one to blame but myself. I'm in a generous mood, Dad. So... let's say I believe that. What do you want from me? I want to be your father... Lex. If you'll let me. You've got your health, Dad. Don't expect another miracle. I wanted to say thank you. And I'm sorry. I know you were only trying to help me. How long is this going to continue, Lex? I don't know. What do you want me to tell you? I don't want you to tell me anything. I want you to change. I don't know if I can. You know, it seems the only person that you care about is yourself. There's a whole side of you that I don't know about, Lex. What else don't I know about you? You don't know that everyday I wonder why I keep going... why I do the things I do. You know Shannon might have been crazy... but she was right about me. I treated those women terribly, Clark. People died, and I could have stopped it. I see that now. That's a start. You know there was a moment the other night, when that fire she set was coming toward me... I thought, "Good... " "save the world a lot of grief. " But somehow the fire went out. And she was lying on the floor... and suddenly I had a second chance. The last few days, Lex... I thought your father was being more honest with me that you were... And I hated that feeling. I felt like we were enemies. Don't give up on me yet. What are you doing here, mother? I know you don't want to talk to me, Jason. But every mother has a right to see her only son. You didn't come here to see me. Is it so terrible to want to meet your girlfriend? It's the way you go about it. I'm not going to let you do it this time. 'Cause it's different. I will come see you when I'm ready. When will that be? I don't know. But you can't come back here. I just want you to know, Jason... that I'm really glad that you're happy, and Lana is... an enchanting girl. I can see why you moved to the middle of nowhere to be with her, I mean she's... she's special. I knew you'd meet someone like her one day. Did I meet her by accident, or not? What on Earth are you implying, of course you did, Jason! How else could you meet her? I'll wait to hear from you. English Subtitles by topaz420 (topaz420@hotmail. com) Subtitles checked and synchronized by Little Miss