I'm now the acting c.E.O. Of luthorcorp And all its subsidiaries. Will you marry me? Don't move! Chloe sullivan, you're under arrest. Jimmy, get clark! Chloe sullivan was never arrested by the department of domestic security. He's got a research compound in montana called black creek. This was retrieved from the excavation site. - And the montana facility? - Completely dismantled. And the guests have been re-Assimilated. I'm so glad you're okay. Yes. I've been holding on to a life on this farm that hasn't existed for years. I'll see you bright and early monday morning. You're looking at the newest recruit tothe daily planet. Looks like we're gonna be neighbors, lane. Well, big points for punctuality, smallville. But... What's with the wardrobe malfunction? What? This is a nice shirt. Human resources is gonna be down here any minute, And you do not want to meet them looking like... The brawny lumberjack. Hold on. Hey! Personal space, lane! Remember? Gq here needs some roadside assistance. Let me borrow your spare. Come with me. Don't tell me i have to wear a tie. Always dress for success. No time for the men's room. Let's change in here. - A phone booth is not exactly pri... - Burning daylight hours, clark! Change! Lucky for you it's a slow news day and i was at my desk. Otherwise, you could have spent your entire career Being nicknamed "farm boy" or "flannel man." Trust me, the news game can be brutal. You do not want to bomb on your first day. Hi. So, how do i look? Good. So much for the slow news day. Get out! Get out! Get out! Get away from the bus. Guess this must be my stop. Smallville 802 Synchro : flolo For seriessub.Com Are you okay? Can somebody help us over here, please?! Over here! - Was she on the bus? - I don't know. I need you to, uh... hold on to this for me. What's your name? Bette. You inhaled a lot of smoke, bette. We're gonna give you a little fresh air. Take slow, deep breaths. Try to stay calm, okay? I'm gonna check you over. Tell me if anything hurts. Just hang in there, bette. It's okay. You're doing great. You too. Thank god you heard me. You were hard to miss. Look at me. Well, bette, apart from breathing in all that smoke, You're gonna be okay. We should still get you to met general just to be sure. You think you can make it to my rig? - Can you grab my bag? - Yeah, of course. - Thanks, uh... - Chloe. Davis. You make a good wingman, chloe... or wing person. Thank you for your help. Straight to the hospital. You're gonna be okay. You'll be all right. - Excuse me. Mind taking a look? - Yeah. There was a woman with red hair. I helped her get out of the bus, and the paramedics took her. Do you know if she's all right? A lot of people have been coming in and out, But the most seriously injured are at the hospital. You should try there. Thank you. Hey. Clark. Chloe? - You all right? - Yeah. I just got here. I just helped this girl who was on the bus. - What happened? - Well, i heard there was a bomb on the bus, But i haven't had a chance to check it out. Even a dress shirt can't hide the hero in you, huh, clark? - Heck of a first day at the office. - Well, that's why i'm there... So i can be around to help more people. Working at the daily planet, i'll hear about every cris as it happens. I just wish that you were there with me. You know, now that lex isn't running things... Yeah. I've spent almost my entire life praying to the gods of journalism. It might be kind of nice to try something new, you know? See how it feels. Now you're ready for a change? Actually, uh... There's pretty big changes. Apparently the goddess of journalism is wondering where i am. With lois on the case, it's gonna get harder To duck away to save the day. If i could hide my secret from you, i think i can handle your cousin. Good luck with that. I got to go. Uh, tell lois that i said to take it easy on you. Whoa, clark. What happened? Are you okay? Why? Were you worried about me? Uh, no. I'm trying to chase down a lead on this story. I don't want to have to chase after you, too. Hey, did you happen to hear anything while you were out there - Making your ash angels? - Actually, i did The police think the bomb misfired since there weren't any casualties. Didn't feel like a misfire to me. All right. Who's your source? I'm sorry, lois. I didn't get a name. I was too busy... you know, helping people? Rule number one... Always know your source. I understand. Look, if you're gonna teach a class on lois lane's rules of reporting, I think i'd rather read the cliff notes. Boss wants to see you... now. Okay, my first official meeting with our latest leader. Not you... kent. Well, you're gonna want to clean yourself up. Uh, rule number two... always make a good first impression And don't screw up with the boss. I think that's two rules. Whatever. Try not to get fired on your first day, okay? Mr. Kent. Go right in. Have a seat, mr. Kent. Tess mercer, acting c.E.O. Of luthorcorp. You're my boss? You weren't this shy when i was the damsel in distress, kent. Don't tell me you're intimidated by a powerful woman. No, i just... i'm surprised to see you back at work so soon. I have big shoes to fill. And the paramedics said that i was fine. It's unusual, isn't it... For the new c.E.O. Of luthorcorp to be taking the bus to work? I'm going green. You know, doing what i can to save the planet. But, for the sake of the shareholders, Let's keep that between ourselves, hmm? Seems we were destined to meet. I already had you on my to-Do list today. Lex told me all about you. Well, not much to tell, really. He said you have a thing for saving people? And after this morning, i'd say that's true. Ever since lex's disappearance, I have used all of luthorcorp's resources to find him. Do you have any leads? The world's a big place. I was hoping his good friend could tell me where to look. The lex luthor that i knew disappeared years ago. It's been a long time since we were friends. I don't know what happened to him. Fair enough. But if you do think of something, please give me a call. And, clark... You were extraordinary out there. Thank you for saving my life. I saw how this job consumed lex's life. I'd hate to see the same thing happen to yours. - Handsome. - And a liar. He's hiding something. I'll have someone watch him. No. I'll keep an eye on this one personally. Hi. Doc says i'm okay, But i feel like i just threw down with a carton of cloves. Well, i figured you'd be hungry, So, unfortunately, it's meat-Loaf mondays, But i did score you some curly fries. Are you kidding? Hot food's good any day of the week. Thanks. I, uh, i'm surprised your parents aren't... here. Look, it's really cool what you did for me and everything, But it doesn't mean i have to tell you my life story. I wasn't asking. I haven't seen them in years. I'm kind of in between homes right now. You know, why don't i grab you a soda to wash that down? - Davis. Hi. - How's she doing? Uh, she got a clean bill of health. But, um, i just found out that she's a street kid. So i was gonna drop her off at the city shelter tonight. She's a 15-Year-Old girl, chloe. You really think she's gonna be safe at the metropolis shelter? Not too streetwise, are you? I was just trying to help. If you have any ideas, please, step up. Do something. So, i hear that you need a place to stay? Not really. But if you did, i have a friend, And she runs a home, and it's pretty nice. Is she some kind of religious nut? 'Cause i don't really roll with the holy. It's not like that. She helps girls learn some skills, score a job. I can get you an application. Or... you can forget it. It's your choice. Look, bette, you can stay with me tonight if you need to. You're nice, chloe. Kind of like a girl scout. I don't want to be your latest merit badge. I'm gonna take my thin mints and head home. I thought you might want a safe place to stay tonight. But would i still be a free agent? As long as you promise to think about davis' offer. Okay, i'm in. Great. Let's go. That new boss, she really came out of nowhere, huh? You tell me. You're the one who just spent quality time with her. She just wanted to welcome me aboard. Don't try to keep secrets from me, clark. Tess mercer is a pit bull in prada. There's no way she'd roll out the welcome mat For a copyboy, no matter how charming his smile is. You think i have a charming smile? I think you're about to lose some teeth if you don't tell me what she said. Lois, you sound like a jealous girlfriend. Jealous. Of you? Please, that would be like willie mays being jealous of a batboy. Watch and learn. Hi. Lois lane... daily planet. - Care to show me around? - No press allowed. Swing and a miss? I'm just getting started. Excuse me. Do you like baseball? Who's your favorite player? Because i can get you a signed photograph of anyone you want If you just do me this little favor. Sorry, ma'am. No one's allowed in. What's your name, officer? Officer derek. It's got to be a mistake. No mistake, sir. We haven't found one shred of explosive material. No residue. There's no detonator. There's nothing. I'm telling you... there was no bomb on that bus. Wake up, smallville. Our cop's about as stiff as his starched uniform. - Let's move on. - Lois I just heard there was no bomb. That doesn't look like the engine overheating. Look, we need to talk to somebody who was on the bus. Chloe called. She's helping a homeless girl who was there. Maybe you could ask her what she saw, and i'll track down the others. The thing is, not so good with the kids. Why don't you take little orphan annie and i'll do the rest? Bette! Thank you so much. It's just a grilled cheese. No big. All this take-Out, i thought you could use something home-Cooked. It's okay. It's just my friend clark. Don't worry about it. What's up? Wait. I remember you. You helped me get off the bus. Yeah, i'm glad you're okay, bette. Do you mind if i ask you a few questions? Did you see anything before the blast? Anything unusual? Anything strange? - What are you, like a cop or something? - Clark, She's been through a lot today. What's going on? The police say there's no evidence of a bomb. I think someone with a meteor power may have caused the blast. What's a meteor power? Uh, sometimes, people develop special abilities After being exposed to a certain type of meteor rock. Tommy. Another street kid. He told me he found this weird rock a couple days ago, And now whenever he gets angry, things heat up. I thought he was messing with me. We got into a fight today. He was being a jerk, so i ran on to the bus to get away from him. - Do you know where i can find him? - I know where he hangs. I think i can remember how to get there. Wait, bette. This guy sounds dangerous. I don't think you should go. Well, i'll wait in the car. I can point him out to you. He's over there, sitting down. I saw him earlier. He was running away from the bus. Tommy! It's all right. I just want to talk. Tommy, it's okay. Stay here! Tommy! Tommy! - Don't be afraid! - Get away from me! It'll be okay, tommy. I promise. No! No! No, you're lying! Just be calm, all right? There's no reason for anyone to get hurt. Get away from me! Bette, stay back. It could be dangerous. How could you do this to me?! Just stay away from me, okay?! Tommy! He was scared, lois. I don't think he meant to hurt anyone. He just couldn't control his powers. He blew up a bus, clark, almost killed a lot of people. I'd say this was textbook karma. Thanks. Hey, you didn't tell me that you were recording that. Don't get your tights in a twist, smallville. I'll just refer to you as "sources say." Besides, if i'm gonna write "tommy was a human bomb," I need scientific proof. We could check the autopsy report, See how much meteor rock was in his system. The coroner won't release it if it's part of an on going investigation. But i bet we could find a copy lying around the hospital. By "find," i'm assuming you mean "steal." Rule number three... do whatever it takes to get the story. You really should be writing these down. Lois, be careful. There's some lines you shouldn't cross. The only line i'm worried about is a byline. And so should you, clark. We're in this together. You want to share a byline with me? Oh, god, no. But i got you the obit. Tommy's obituary? Absolutely. You helped break the story, So you get to commemorate the kid in 10 lines or less. Don't be so squeamish. Most of us got started writing want ads. You know what there was a time when i would have killed for an obit. Are you coming? Shoot. You know, if you just reach a little bit higher, You'd definitely need an ambulance. Guess i'm lucky there's a paramedic in the building. Yeah, well, you asked me to bring over this application. Gimme. Oh, i did talk to my friend. And she says that there's a spot open at the home for bette. That's great! She could really use some good news right now. Her day got even worse a little while ago, And she needed some space, so i came here. Thank you. At least she had a place to stay, thanks to you. Thanks. Isis foundation. So, what... Adopt a pyramid, save a sphinx, that kind of thing? Cute. Uh, actually, it's more like a counseling center. I'm housesitting for a friend of mine till she finds someone to take it over. I'm surprised i haven't heard of it. The hospital sends out updates On all the mental-Health facilities. Well... she has very specific clients... People with special skills that are sometimes A little dangerous. What, you mean like... meteor types? I drive an ambulance in metropolis, chloe. I've seen a lot of things... At least enough to know that they could use the help. Have you ever thought about helping them? No, i don't... I saw you with bette today. You cared enough to take her under your wing. That's rare. And think how hard it must be for these meteor people To find someone they can trust. But am i streetwise enough? Okay, forget what i said earlier. I can come off a little strong. It's okay. At least now i understand where it comes from. Understand how? Well, i googled you. And i read an interview that you gave About running away from foster homes as a kid. You researched me? Well, you know, i always kind of wanted my own stalker. No. It isn't like that, davis. It's just that... no, really, i used to be a reporter, And so i have a serious... curiosity complex. And i'm engaged. You're the first person i've told about that. Well, um, congratulations. That's... a very unique engagement ring. Uh, well, you know, it's the story behind the ring That really makes it special. I went away for a little while, and he never gave up on me. Well, chloe, i grew up hearing a lot of four-Letter words, And "love" wasn't exactly one of them. If you found it, real love, Hold on to it. And if anyone tells you that's a cliché, i'll personally kick their ass. Did you find her? She's gone off the grid again. Don't come back until you do. - Is there something else? - The girl's dangerous. You tried to approach her on the bus, and she blew it up. Mr. Luthor would have had us terminate the problem on-Site. I'm your boss now. And since we've never worked together, I can't trust that you'll see this through to my satisfaction. Bring her here. I'll handle her. End of story. Lois, you can't just walk in and steal a file. It's a crime. You'll go to prison. I have a plan, clark. Would you like to share it? 'Cause i'm having doubts. When in doubt... Charge it. City hall... 13th precinct... 15th precinct... Metropolis general. If i could just get mileage points on these things, i'd see the world. Cover me, smallville. Uh, you know, patients are on an entirely different floor. You know, i thought i got off the elevator a little early. Wait. You're one of the rescue workers from the bus, right? I thought i recognized you. For a guy without a uniform, you helped a lot of people. Oh, i didn't do anything. I mean, you're the real hero. You help people for a living. I'm clark kent. Davis bloome. I met your fiancée. Clark, congratulations. She's a real catch. I'm getting married? Well, i thought that... 'cause i saw you and chloe together, And you seemed pretty close. When she said she was engaged... Chloe's engaged? Oh, man. Okay, my brain's gone completely d.O.A. Clark, she said she hadn't told anyone yet. Do me a favor. Don't tell her i said anything. I won't reveal my source. Hey, bette! Davis, the paramedic we met on the street, Came by with the paperwork. His friends want to meet you. Change of plan, chloe. I'm leaving metropolis. Don't you think that you should read this first? I mean, this place sounds really great. Maybe it is, but this city's gone sour... Like, way past its shelf life. I have to go. Look, i know what happened with tommy was awful, But running away is not the answer. Besides, it's not safe out there for you by yourself. You think the streets are dangerous? Try a locked door with someone else holding the key. - No, thanks. - They're not gonna lock you in. Look, tell you what... i'll call them for you. Chloe, stop. I don't need a den mother, and i won't go see those people. Then they'll come here to see you. You're not listening to me! I'm just trying to help you, bette. I wish you hadn't made me do that. There's nothing in here about a meteor infection. Here. Let me take a look. Knock yourself out. I'm not sure we're on the right track, lois. Tommy's death seems suspicious. Of course it's suspicious. The guy blew himself up just by rubbing his hands together Or wrinkling his nose or whatever he did. They didn't find any meteor rock in his system, But they did find metal shrapnel from the barrels. Lois, if tommy's responsible for the blast, Then the barrels would have blown away from him, Not into him, right? Don't clear his name just yet, sherlock. That kid was dangerous, a real live wire. Check his rap sheet at the back. Armed robbery, b&e, and carjacking. Basically, that firecracker was a major menace to metropolis. But there's no mention of explosives in any of these crimes, lois. If you were a criminal with these abilities, wouldn't you use them? Well, if tommy didn't kill himself, then who did? Bette claimed that tommy blew up the bus. But she was there for both of the blasts. Oh, my god. My cousin's babysitting psycho spice. Clark, what if... Oh, come on. Believe me, i understand. It can be tough to control your powers When you're angry or afraid... Like on the bus or...with tommy. Those weren't accidents! I knew what i was doing! There are some bad people chasing me. They cornered me on the bus. I had to fight back. So you set up tommy to take the blame? Bette... You killed him. He helped them find me. Three years ago, Some corporate types locked me in their private prison. It was a nightmare. They ran tests on me every day. Last week, something happened, and we were all let go. They tagged us on the way out. I ran before they could do it to me. This place... were there lots of people there with powers? Yeah. I told tommy all about it. And you know what he did? He sold me out. He led them straight to me. He got what he deserved. The prison was in montana, wasn't it? Black creek? How did you know that? Because i was there. I had a meteor power, too. I could heal people. I know how awful it was there. Then you know i had to do whatever it took to get away. They had me backed into a corner. No matter what they do to you, bette, you don't kill people. Sometimes i don't have a choice! Chloe, i'm sorry, But i can't risk you turning on me, too. Goodbye, chloe! No! Stay away from me! I'll hurt you! No. You won't. You're not afraid of me? No. I just want to help you. After everything i've done, Why would you want to help a monster like me? Because you're not a monster. You've just been led down the wrong path. Whenever people find out about me, They get afraid and they try to hurt me. So i have to lie. I have to hide what i am. You don't have to anymore. Not from me. We all have something we think we need to hide. It's hard. But it does get better. It's a good thing you called lois And told her you were okay. She was about to call out the national guard. Bette almost killed me, clark. Chloe, there's no way you could have known how dangerous she was. Her power was hidden. Some sort of high-Frequency energy blast? She fooled everyone. That's because she didn't trust anyone. I mean, i was only in that cell for a few weeks. I can't imagine being in there for three years. Hopefully, she'll find the help she needs at belle reve. Yeah, i seriously doubt that being locked away In another cell is gonna do any good. Do you think if you knew her sooner, You could have helped her deal with her power? Chloe, sometimes people who need help the most Are the ones who push it away the hardest. Which is why someone should be talking to them from day one. Looking for this? I found it downstairs. You must have lost it when bette was chasing you. Is there anything you want to tell me? I was... On my over here this morning to tell you, but... How did you find out? Did jimmy call you? Well, it's rule number... 11... Always protect your source. But i would like the whole story. How long have you been engaged? A week. I said "yes" the night i came back from montana. You could have called... anytime. It's just that... We've been friends for such a long time. We're more than just friends, chloe. When jimmy and i get married, Things will probably change... Between us, i mean. And i don't know if i'm ready for that just yet. Are you? I know that your happiness Is one of the most important things in the world to me... And that you and jimmy will have a wonderful life together. Don't worry about anything else. Hello, bette. You should have died on that bus. The last time we met, things did get a little fiery. Lucky for me, i ducked. So, they're taking you to belle reve. I'm sure after a few years of good behavior, They'll let you see the sun again. Or you could come with me. I'd rather be a prisoner there Than your lab rat in montana. Go push your cheese somewhere else. I didn't build that place, bette. And after i heard about all the terrible things happening there, I closed it down. I tried to tell you. If you shut down the thunderdome, Then why are you still coming after me? Because you're a very powerful person. And i think it's about time The world started treating you accordingly. Don't you? Listening. I want to introduce you... to some people like you. A sort of team. But only if you want. A team? Take a look at my file, lady. I don't play well with others. I think once you meet everyone, you may finally feel like you it in. I remember what it was like to be your age... Alone... Angry... Trapped. The injustice of it all. I can help, bette. A team is only as good as its weakest link. And look what happened to me on the bus. Why scout out somebody Who's just gonna choke on their own smoke? Don't be so hard on yourself. We'll make a hero out of you yet. Looking good, smallville. Clothes make the man who helped me make the front page. Wow. Try to hold back the journalistic fervor. I'm glad you got your story, lois, But it took a few more turns than i would have liked. So did you, houdini. You're there one minute, gone the next. We were standing next to an elevator. I don't know why you had to take the stairs. Well, i'm sorry that you can't keep up. The important thing is That chloe figured it out on her own and she's okay. Yeah, tell me about it. If she hadn't defused little miss land mine, We'd be fitting her for a coffin instead of a wedding dress. When did you hear about the wedding? She just called. I can't believe my cousin is getting married. To jimmy olsen. They're in love, lois. You should be happy for them. Well, at least the rest of us have work. Here. I finished proofing the obit. Wow, lois. Don't hold anything back. Those aren't notes of discouragement. They're notes of encouragement. You've got talent, smallville. What? Look, when i first srted out at the inquisitor, All i cared about was getting the best stories on the front page. Well, it seems like a dream come true. Sure, but sitting here now with you, I think i'm more proud that we uncovered the truth Than i am over having a headline. Thanks for helping me break the story, clark. Keep up the good work. You've got a long career ahead of you at the daily planet. Hey, this is davis. Leave me your story. I'll call you back. Hi, davis. It's chloe sullivan. I, uh, i just wanted to call and say thanks For helping out with bette. It's too bad that that didn't, uh, work out. But i also wanted to let you know That i've decided to reopen the isis foundation, And a few things that you said helped me make that decision. So... thanks. Okay, well...