14 hours earlier Jimmy, look at all of this. O.J.? Actually, i have to bail. I'm late for a meeting. Well, you can't start your morning without the wholesome olsen. Wholesome olsen? Egg-White omelet, multigrain pancakes, And something that looks like butter, but somehow isn't. Come on, you can't reheat this stuff. It's never as good the second time around. It isn't, is it? I'm... I'm sorry i was so late coming home last night. Look... I'm not trying to start any wildfires here. It's just that... You know, i've been trying really hard to put the spark back in our relationship, and... And you don't think i've been trying. Look, jimmy... I think it's just gonna take a little bit of time To breathe the embers back to life. Chloe, we could do cartwheel through a fountain of gasoline And come out perfectly fine. Are you not feeling this anymore? It's just that, after what happened to lana, I've had to help out with the isis foundation. I've been sunk knee-Deep in the meteor-Infected, And between contacting all of lana's clients And moving my stuff into the office, i just... Look, i'll take you to lunch today, okay? I'll make it up to you. I promise. Sure. Bye. Bye. What's with all these boxes? Now that i'm house-Sitting isis, Oliver thought it would make a perfect bunker To store all of his troops' equipment. You know, having a gang of superheroes is great in theory, But no one ever considers the shipping costs. Were you able to get the veritas keys away from lex? I spent all night with lana. Clark, i know you want to be with her, But whatever lex opens with those keys Will give him the power to control you. The only thing important right now is lana. Right, but if lex knows that you're the traveler, Game over. There's no saving lana. There's no saving the day. - Hello, apocalypse. - I don't care about lex! Clark, lana's still alive. We're not giving up on her. Then why haven't we found brainiac? If you think that breaking national-Security laws is my idea of a good time... I'm sorry, chloe. I know you care about lana just as much as i do. We're just running out of ground to cover. Maybe we need to look to the sky. What about a satellite? Like, nasa caliber. Kara and brainiac... When they left the daily planet, There might be a satellite that picked up their trail. It is possible that the velocity of their flight Created some sort of ionic displacement in the outer atmosphere. But hacking into government satellites Is light-Years out of my league. You can do it. Maybe it's time for me to step up to the majors. Thanks, chloe. I wouldn't ask if it wasn't our last hope. Okay, while i'm trying to access outer space with an intel processor, I think maybe you could contend with the cosmos Using the old-Fashioned ways. Dr. Swann intercepted all of jor-El's transmissions from krypton. Now, it's possible he sent something about brainiac. I think it's time to sweep the dust off of dr. Swann's journal. Please... Ladies first. I knew there were a few real gentlemen left in this town. Nice guy, nice hands. - These? - Sure, Strong, agile... Perfect for hacking the nsa mainframe. Excuse me? Special agent vanessa webber, Department of domestic security. I've been watching you. Do what exactly? A few months ago, You infiltrated a classified government firewall. Starhawk. Ring any bells? Took us some time, but we traced the federal offense to your computer. Lady, that wasn't me. It was... Look, i'm not your james bond. I went to a halloween party once as james bond. Everyone thought i was the maitre d'. Relax, 007. You're not our target. She is. We have reason to believe that Your girlfriend is working for a terrorist sleeper cell. Look, i know the feds like to throw the "t" word around willy-Nilly, But trust me... Chloe... She's not dangerous. Never starts as dangerous. Starts as long hours at work, A few missed dates. And there's those mysterious phone calls. She's compromised government-Run power grids, Cellular towers, dmv records. Why are you talking to me? Why don't you just ask her? If she knows that we're onto her, We'll never know her end game. You have the one thing that we don't... Her trust. And unless you want to write love letters from the federal pen, It's up to you to figure out what it is she's after And tell us before she pulls the trigger. Trust me. You're gonna need this. Chloe sullivan is not who she says she is. Hey. Lunch, right. Ah, today is so not my day for remembering to eat. It's no biggie. You probably just didn't get the reminder text, Uh, that i sent. Uh, my... My phone's been on silent. Look, jimmy, i'm sorry i've been so blindsided By this career shift and unpacking my entire life. Well, that would explain all the late nights. Why didn't you say something? I'm a pro when it comes to... No, no! Sorry. Uh... Just moving into lana's office is kind of a private thing. Yeah. I'm starting to sense that. Oh, sorry, i got to take this. I heard that text loud and clear. My ears are practically ringing over here. It's my building manager. He wants to talk to me about... the rent. Right now... actually. And this can't wait till after lunch? No, i'm sorry, jimmy. I got to run. Sir. Take my suitcase to the limo. I'll be down shortly. Sir, i'm afraid there's been a problem with your travel plans. If it's weather, we'll power through it. Zeus' right hand couldn't muster a storm that would keep me from zurich. It's not the gods i'm worried about, sir. It's the government. What are you talking about? All the F.A.A. Will tell me is that you've been red-Flagged. I ran it up to the highest level. Then aim higher. Sweet. See, miss domestic security? There's nothing here. What are you up to, chloe? Hey. I came as soon as i got your message. - What's going on? - You need to read this. Clark, you know i can't read kryptonian. What am i looking at? That page wasn't there before. Okay, this entry didn't just magically rita skeeter itself into swann's journal. I know it sounds crazy, But these are the only transmissions jor-El sent to earth before i got here. There's no way i missed a single page. Trust me, it wasn't there till now. You do realize that your greatest superpower Is your ability to win me over with just one look, No matter how ridiculous you sound, right? - Can you translate it? - No, even swann said These transmissions were distorted and incomplete. Uh, okay, clark. Now, that look kills me. This transmission says, "save lana at fortress." As in lang? That's impossible. I mean, that passage was written in 1989. Lana would have been barely 3. Why would jor-El send an s.O.S. Out for her? I think it's time i ask him myself. Wait a minute, clark. This could be a trick. Your birth father tried to turn you into a popsicle So you would outlive everyone here on earth. He's not exactly your best ally right now. The next time i hold lana's hand, I want to tell her i did everything i could to save her. If that means going up against jor-El, then so be it. Hey, C.K. Jimmy, listen, i was just on my way out. Yeah, i only had to stop twice for directions to get here, Half a tank of gas, but it's not important. You know, it can wait. No. What's going on? You know i wouldn't come to you if i didn't think that you could help. I have this... Friend who's keeping this really, really big secret. I mean, it's kind of humongous. How did you find out about this secret? Well, i can't say that i wasn't a little suspicious. It's hard to be around someone with crazy skills like this And not think that something is up. So, i did a little digging. And what i found, C.K., to be honest with you... It's freaking me out. I don't know where you're getting your information, but i can explain. The person that i thought i knew isn't who she says she is. - "She"? - Yeah. I mean, name me one good reason to lie to somebody that you supposedly care about. To protect them. If you look at the relationship you have with this friend, Do you really need to know everything about her? Or is knowing what's truly in her heart Enough to know you can trust her? Jor-El, you mentioned lana in your last transmission! Why?! Tell me how to save her! Please, help me. Jor-El, what have you done to kara?! Why are you doing this?! Kara, i can't hear you! I sent the transmission. Help me. Help me save you, kal-El. Brainiac wants to kill you. Where are you? I went back. I'm on... I'm on krypton. Krypton. Nope. Nope. Definitely not. Let's see if we can find another way into this building. Huh. He is the clubs. Hey, clark, i know that being in the fortress means You're technically out of cellphone range, but... I found a satellite that has a possible read on brainiac. Now, it's connected to the city satellite center, so i can't hack in, But i do, however, think i found another way in. Oh, my god. Who's playing big brother on me? Why are you spying on me? Hey, chloe. I think i really screwed up... Big-Time. - Can you call me back? - You don't want to do that. Breathe a word of this to chloe, And you are both facing charges of federal treason. Look, i searched chloe's office like you wanted me to. - There's nothing suspicious going on. - Drop it. The spyware that you installed in chloe's office Traced her recent computer activity. She has a plan, and it's going down tonight. - This can't be happening. - I need you to man up right now. Any minute, i'm guessing chloe's going to invite you to a bar called the ace of clubs. She'd be too conspicuous to show up on her own. Wear it... There's a fiber-Optic camera inside so i can keep an eye on you. So we can both watch my girlfriend drink cozumels till she finds her inner shakira? It's a secure building. The club is her only way in. Watch her like a hawk. Find out what her target is And get it before she does. Sure. Piece of cake. You look beautiful, by the way. Thanks, handsome. Though, i have to admit i'm surprised You could pencil in an event like this with being so busy and all. I know. And aren't we lucky you were able to find a tux to rent On such a short notice? Um, would you mind getting me a drink? Sure, no problem. Here you go. Thank you. - May i have this dance? - Actually, i don't, um... Maybe the olsen's not quite so wholesome after all. I'm just getting started. Shoot, i forgot to give the valet the keys. I'll be right back. Just wait here, okay? Take as much time as you need. Found it Up with a twist? You're drinking alone tonight. And what the hell is this? Whatever chloe was after, i got to it before she did. This is a list of employee health benefits. What? That's impossible. Oh, let me guess. 20th floor, retinal-Scan briefcase? She's better than i thought. That briefcase is the daily mainframe backup. She just happened to lure you to the most useless file on the drive. - Really? - You blew it. Now i'm taking over my way. If chloe trusted you as much you seem to trust her, She wouldn't get hurt. Prison might actually do your relationship some good. Oh, my god. Chloe sullivan, you're under arrest. Chloe will never talk. You know that? I wouldn't worry. Agent webber always leaves a few teeth. Who are you working for? I'm not a terrorist, okay? I'm one of the good guys. Good guys put their country before themselves. Who's your network contact? I don't have one. Why did you access power grids Exactly where there just happened to be unexplained energy surges? Must be a plan behind it all. Did you really think it would all go unnoticed? Don't even think about passing out. Give me the taser. You really thought you could get away with it all? Haven't you figured it out yet? Tell you anything. You need to make a choice right now. What's more important? The secret or your life? Turn this off. - Chloe, hey, it's me. - Jimmy. You're still here. I wish you'd let me take you to the hospital. I'm fine, really. Chloe, you almost died. Look, i think i deserve an explanation... Preferably the truth this time. The truth? Why don't you just look at your files, Or should i say my files? You stole from me, jimmy. Yeah, after being coerced by the feds. I mean, did you really think that i was a government agent? Did you really think i was a terrorist spy? She didn't give me any choice. Besides, what was i supposed to think? You were sitting on enough classified information To start a nuclear war. Jimmy, yeah, that was my plan... Nuke the whole thing and just start over again. Are you kidding me? Why didn't you just come to me like a normal boyfriend? 'Cause a normal boyfriend doesn't get lied to every five minutes By the girl that he thinks that he's in love with. All right, fine, i lied. Is that what you want to hear, jimmy? I'm sorry. Is this the point where the sad song comes on And we break up all over again? Because i'm not gonna make it that easy this time. You know what? The feds are gonna find us any moment, And then i'll just spend the rest of my life making license plates. So, you may as well just fire away. Ask me whatever you want. You want that more than you want clark. And by the way, There's no one coming after us. I'm taking care of that. How? You have your secrets, and i have mine. Deal? Mr. Luthor... Your box. You aren't one of them. The guy wanted me dead. Find out who he is and see if he's connected to whatever i'm dealing with quebec. Busy? Mr. Olsen, i was expecting you. I take it chloe doesn't know how desperate you are. I mean, she would never let a friend Crawl across burning coals for my help. You're a luthor... Build and burn political ladders for sport. What i mean is that, um... Well, you have pull with these people, And i thought that maybe a string here - Or a handshake there... - You can stop now. I cleared chloe's name from that suspiciously high-Ranking government arrest warrant. Special agent webber has decided to drop her investigation. Thank you. But... There's not that many people eating lunch on lex luthor's dime. Why are you helping me? No catch. You see, jimmy, In light of recent events, I'd like to think of my employees as my new family. Families help each other. And i know if i ever needed something from you... You'd be more than willing to be there for me. Yeah. So, kara's trying to contact you - Via the fortress from krypton? - I know. Wait, krypton is the planet that exploded, right? It sounds crazy. Jor-El must have done something to her. But kara left with braniac. What does jor-El have to do with any of this? I don't know. But how se could her message come through the fortress? Clark, have you considered the possibility that kara really is on krypton, And it's just a different time zone? Like, the past. You mean like time travel. Check this out. I followed the trajectory of two blurs That started from the daily planet roof. Now, it has to be kara and brainiac. What if the vortex that they're flying through Is some kind of intergalactic time portal? I mean, look at this. - Looks like a red star. - Right, and next to it is a star, Which could be a planet... Krypton. Now, this pie was taken seconds later. The vortex is closed, and the red star is gone. It's possible. You're saying kara's actually on krypton? Well, krypton 1989... Give or take a few light-Years. That explains how her message mysteriously appeared In swann's journal. She sent it to him, Hoping that i'd read it. It sounds more like a hail-Mary pass. Clark, if she sent those messages to swann and the fortress, That means kara's desperate to get your attention. When i was in the fortress, Kara warned  what brainiac was trying to kill me. She must have meant the version of me on krypton 20 years ago. When you were a baby. Clark, if you really are in trouble on krypton, You better find a way to get there soon or... I'll have never existed.