skim milk, light whip, and the double americano, old school. Who's next? - Oh, yes, $6.50, thank you. - Okay, there's your change. All right, got your chocolate mint... and yours. Thank you. Hi. You did not just do that. What can I get you? Uh, thanks, I've already been helped. Great. Next? University of miami? Yeah. I just don't see you trading in your flannels for flip-flops. Well, I figure, if you've got a chance to start over, why not start over where there's a beach? I am feeling a bit guilty leaving my parents to run the farm without me. Yeah, I guess you would be really hard to replace, with all your skills and everything. Skills? Um, lois, hey, can I get a double cappuccino? Yeah, just a sec. Oh, my god. We've just been robbed. Clark? Clark? What happened? Who's clark? Smallville - Saison 4 Episode 19 "Blank" Corrections par Kiff et Bara Synchro par Kiff Merci à Malone it must be kind of weird seeing the house you grew up in for the first time. Do you recognize anything? I mean, the house or the cows... the tracto, anything? You sure this is where I live? Yeah. Um, you spend most of your time over there. In a barn? Well, normal was never really your style, clark. That was my attempt at humor. Sometimes I crash and burn. Sorry. Clark. It's your house. Right. I... it was it was stuck. Actually, I think it was locked. Mr. Kent! Mrs. Kent! What the hell happened to the door? You know, I tried to open it... yeah, and then some freak wind came and blew it right off. Right. So, lois, do you know where the kents are? They're in metropolis for mr. Kent's heart exam. Clark, you know that. Well, not so much. He has amnesia, and he's havinga hard time... again? What do you mean "again"? Well, at least this time, you got clothes on. Lois, we need to get his parents back home. Well, that's gonna bea little hard. Mr. Kent has a one-way ticket on the ambien express. He's gonna be out of commission for a few days. So, what happened? Well, the last thing I remember, I woke up in the alley. I was with... chloe. I'm thinking he caught up to whoever was behind the "robbery in plain sight" incident. And, what, we have a thief with memory repo? I guess that could explain why, in some weird smallville an way, I zoned on eight coffee orders before I found the till was empty. I'm gonna go to the torch and see what I can find out about amnesia. Yeah, just leave mr. Memory reboot to me. I'm getting to be a pro at this. But you know what? You're gonna have to put up with pb&j because that's the extent of my culinary skills. Okay? Uh, please tell me I'm not related to her. No. I am. You live with her. Clark. Uh... you know what? I'm gonna take him up to the barn, see if anything up there jogs his memory. All right, suit yourself. We need to talk. What's with the cheshire cat routine? A little something from central kansas. Congratulations. I think if they were gonna reject you, they probably wouldn't have sent you a novella. No, probably not. Hey, I was thinking that we could go check out the dorms on campus this weekend. Jason, I'm not sure that I'm gonna go to central kansas. I'm not even sure if I'm gonna go to college at all. I've actually given this a lot of thought. Which part... the part that we've been planning this for an entire year? Lana, I thought this was our one chance to put everything that's happened over the past couple months behind us. It would be like paris all over again. How? Jason, last summer was incredible. But we have to face it. We haven't been able to recreate that here, not with everything that's happened, not with the stones or your mom and all of the lies. How long have you known? I mean, your feelings don't just change overnight, so you've obviously been thinking about this a while. - Yeah. - Yeah. Ever since this turned into the same relationship I was trying to leave behind when I went to paris. Oh, so this is about clark. No, it's not about clark. Jason, it's about us. There are too many secrets. I kept wishing that we could wipe the slate clean, but we can't. A chance like that... maybe it only comes around once in a lifetime. You were the one part of my life that made me forget what I've turned into. What are you talking about? Just don't give up on me. Jason... okay? You have no idea how much I've been protecting you. Do you? Here. Bend this. This is metal. I can't bend this. Just like you can't pull a door off its hinges, right? Try it. How did I do that? Why did I always picture myself on the other end of this conversation? Um, here, come here, sit. Smallville was hit with the world's biggest meteor shower when you were little. Now, I know this sounds way out there, but some of the meteor rockshave had an... an extraterrestrial effect on certain people in the town. And it's my theory that you were one of them. Extraterrestrial powers? You mean I'm some sort of alien? No, of course not. A mutant? Uh... yeah. Who has saved my life on more than one occasion. See, you've sort of taken it up on yourself to be smallville's self-appointed hero. And if you ask me, I... I think that that is... amazing. We must've been pretty good friends if I trusted you with all this. Yeah, well, actually... you didn'T. It's okay. I mean, you were just protecting yourself. A lot of people would be tray you if they knew. But you wouldn't... would you? Never. So, lois said that she was standing right here the whole time. I don't know why we just don't call the police. The same reason why I didn't just take you to the hospital. Clark... ...the last thing we want is to get you on the radar of smallville's friendliest authorities. Now, can you see if you can find anything? Chloe. Is there something there? Back behind the... near your feet. Under the mat. Okay, how'd you know that was there? Well, I... I could... I guess... I... I can see through things. Hold on a minute, are you telling me that you can see through solid objects? I guess that's one you didn't know about, huh? No, uh, and, uh, that might be one of those abilities you're gonna want to keep a lid on. You know, I've been thinking about that. You know, I don't know why I was worried so much about what people think. I don't know why I let it ruin my life. I mean, you understood. Yeah, but, clark, unfortunately, some people in smallville aren't as progressive... as your post-amnesia tour guide. That should be their problem, not mine. Look, I understand how eager you are to throw an impromptu coming-out party. I mean, I've only spent the last couple of hours blocking for the man behind the mask, and it's not as easy as I thought it would be. But, please, just sleep on it. I know. It's just... I mean, how can anyone ever get to know me if I'm never myself? I know it's hard, but I imagine that if you didn't tell people, you must've had a lifetime of reasons for not doing it. So that's why we need to get your memory back. So I can do what... get back to lying to everyone? Clark... chloe, I'm not sure I want that life back. At least wait until you can talk to your parents, okay? Clark? Clark? Premature combustion. That's one I didn't need to know about. Who is that? T hat... is lana lang. The love of your life. looks like one more thing you don't remember. You usually hide all those emotions. I came to ask if you were doing okay. But... it looks like I got my answer. My life is a complete void. How would you feel? Oh, pity party... these are fun. Look, chloe's very protective of me. I guess there's a lot of people that I can't trust. And you can't tell who they are. Look, you may not remember all the players on the board, but you can still play the game. Are you gonna tell me how I'm supposed to do that? Trust your gut. Like, what's it say about me? We don't like each other very much. You're on the right track. Keep it up, smallville. hi, clark. Hi. I heard about what happened to you. Oh, I'm sorry. I suppose you don't even know who I am. Lana. I was gonna come by later. I didn't think I'd see you here. I actually came here to see you. Chloe... she... she told me that we used to, uh... Yeah, Yeah, we did. What happened? Please, I just... I'd really like to know. So would I. It was me? I don't understand. If I felt anywhere near like I feel now... you know, don't tell me. I don't want to know. I don't want to know, because this time, it'll be different. This time? Um... I don't think we should talk about this right now. When can we talk about this? How did he get here? Looks like the heart remembers more than the brain. Com'on, cuz, don't give one more second of thought to those vacant baby blues. Hey, good news. Uh, we traced that day pass we found... to grand view motocross park. It belongs to a guy named kevin grady. He lives in smallville, so we thought we'd go check out the address. Coming? Kevin? What are you doing here? Look, I'm sorry, dad, but i couldn't stay there any longer. Kev, you have to go back. You're in the middle of your treatment It's not working. Look, I know you want to keep what I did to dylan a secret, but no matter what they do to try to make me forget it, I'll always know the truth. Kev... don't worry about me, okay? I've got money together. I'll be fine. After what I did, I can't expect you to look at me every day. Kevin, please let us help you. You can'T. That place turned me into some kind of freak. What do you mean? This. Yes? Hi. I'm here to collect on a little spontaneous line of credit your son decided to take out with the talon, along with two minutes of my memory. Uh, you must be mistaken. Well, actually, mr. Grady, we found this by the register at the talon. It's kevin's. We just want to talk to him. I'm afraid that's not possible. My son is out of town at the moment. And by "out of town", I'm guessing you're meaning undergoing some kind of treatment at summerholt institute. I'm sorry, I couldn't help but notice the parking pass on your windshield. I believe that's nobody's business but ours. Excuse me. Look, we're not saying he did it. We just need to find out what he knows. All right. Yes, my son is a patient at summerholt. Last fall, I took both my boys hunting at audrey clearing. There was an accident. Kevin was loading his gun, and, uh... I lost my son dylan. Mr. Grady, I'm sorry. Kevin couldn't live with himself. He was, uh... and I didn't know which way to turn, so I... well, we thought that if summerholt could help erase those memories, well, then maybe kevin could get on with his life. Excuse me, uh, I need to try and find my son. Thank you. Look, it tugs at the heartstrings, but I'm not sure I totally buy it. I'm gonna go have a look around. Clark, are you okay? I can hear someone running. What? And the super wheaties abilities just keep coming. Where are they? They're on the side of the house. Well, go get them. It sounds like he'son a motorcycle now. Trust me on this one, clark. Run. - Chloe... - Just run, clark! I guess the whole castle thing didn't take off in the neighborhood? I can't believe I'm friendswith a billionaire. Funny. You never seemed that impressed before. Mr. Luthor. Lex. I'm guessing you don't remember it, but we kind of dropped the formalities the day I ran you off a bridge. Look, as much as I'm sure we're all enjoying this little icebreaker, we did come here for a reason. I was hoping that you still had your contact at the summerholt institute. Chloe mentioned that they had done some experiments on you. Yeah, we were guessing that the guy that did this to clark is undergoing some sort of treatment to have his memory wiped. Probably not too far of a leap, given their unnerving advancements in the field. Look, I'll make a few calls, see what I can find. Chloe, if you don't mind, uh, I'd like to have a word with clark. Well, I promised his parents that I would get him home. Well, I think I can manage that. It's all right, chloe. You could use a break from chaperone duty. I'll be okay. Okay. Clark... be careful. Clark, I think I might know something that could jog your memory. I found these caves? And ever since, the two of us have been working together trying to solve its mysteries. But that's just between you and me. What do all these symbols mean? I know it'll probably sound strange, but we think they're about you. Wait. There should be a two-headed monster over here. Then you remember this place. No, I recognize it from the drawings in the loft. We were, uh, documenting them. Wait. This wall shouldn't be here. What do you mean? Well, in the drawings, it shows a room behind this wall. Clark, maybe we should head back to the loft and take a closer look at the pictures. I could help explain them to you. No, I should probably get back. I don't want my parents to worry. Of course. - Hello? - Lois. Hey, chloe, are you in? Yeah, Incoming. Check my e-mail. I've got it. Chloe... lois. Clark, you've got to look at this. Chloe called and told me to download some files she e-mailed from summerholt. How'd she get in? I've learned never tounder estimate chloe, especially when it comes to helping you. You don't have to do this. I won't tell anyone, I promise. I won't tell them what happend. I know it was an accident. I know you didn't mean to. Kevin didn't kill his brother. Whoever erased kevin's memories must've planted a few new ones. Why would someone do that... let kevin walk around thinking he killed his own brother? Someone who obviously can't live with themselves. I need to find kevin. And where are you gonna find him? Where his brother died. It seems like a pretty good place to start. Wait a minute. Didn't his dad say that the accident happened at... audrey clearing? Clark? Kevin. No, it's okay. Listen, I came here to talk to you about summerholt. You're the guy from the talon. How do you remember me? I don't. Whatever you did to me erased all my memories. All of them? Everyone else... it just wiped out the last few minutes. I guess I'm not like everyone else. Look, kevin, I know it's gonna be hard, but I need to talk to you about the accident. Is this where it happened? Somewhere here. I know. It was somewhere here. Just tell me what happened that day. Do you have any real memories from that day? Kevin, what is it? I'm not sure. I've been trying to block the memories out. Or maybe someone has already blocked them out for you. No. No. I was loading my gun. It was right here. But do you actually remember that? Do you remember loading your gun, or do you remember someone telling you that? I didn't do it. It was my dad. How could he do that to me? I'm sorry, kevin. I don't get it. I robbed the talon, and I 86'd your memory. I mean, why would you go through all this trouble for me? I guess I just know what it's like to lose a part of your life. I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do for you. I mean, our only chance is to break into summerholt, but there's no way I can get you in there. Maybe I can. Look, this guy's kid robbed me, then plucked the last forget-me-not petal from my friend's brain. You will let me back there, and you can do it with or without handcuffs. Like I said, if you would sign in, I'll let someone know that you're here. What part of this isn't getting through to you? The last time I spoke to my cousin, she was here. And I'm sure the psycho is holding her back there somewhere. Ms. Lane. Maybe they pay you enough to be rude, but I doubt they pay you enough to do time in the county jail. Wait. Wasn't it locked? I think it was broken. We should be able to reach the main office from down here. Clark. Clark, are you okay? You go ahead. I'll catch up. I wish I could erase your memories from just the last three days, but I'm afraid I can't take that chance. I'm gonna have to go back much further than that. Mr. Grady, please don't do that. Think of it as a gift. Do you realize how many experiences in life would be so much less painful if we didn't have the memories to haunt us? Dad! What, were you just gonna lie to me my whole life, huh? To make me think I killed my own brother. Kevin, calm down. You're obviously having a psychological reaction to your treatment. No one regrets what happened more than I do. Chloe! Wow. Dear god in heaven. Lois, sheriff. I guess I shouldn't call you smallville anymore. Clark, what are you doing? Are you just gonna stand there all day, or are you gonna untie her? Hi. Thanks. You said how'd you come across those tapes, miss sullivan? Well, I was being led into the data room... Hey. You're that kid from the alley. I tried to pull you out of your car, and that's the last thing I remember before what just happened in the lab. Yeah, I'm sorry about that again, clark. That was kind of my fault. I don't know what you did back there or why, but I get the feeling I owe you one. I like to see it as a "now we're even" situation. Something tells me I shouldn't stop you from leaving. It's better if people don't ask too many questions about me. Thanks for the chance at a clean slate, clark. Clark... I was just looking for you. Congratulations. I heard you got full retrieval. Everything. Everything except the last 24 hours. Well, you didn't miss much, but I wanted to come in person to see the old clark back. Lex... chloe said she left me at the mansion because you wanted to talk. What is it you wanted to talk about? I just told you about my own memory loss. I thought it might be comforting. I'm lucky to have so many good friends watching out for me. Nothing you wouldn't haved one for me, clark. hi, I'm early, I know. I'm sorry. I guess I'm just a little nervous. What are you nervous about? Were we supposed to do something? Lana, I'm sorry. I don't remember anything from the last day. Oh. But everything else you remember now. It's probably for the best. Were our plans, like, date kind of plans? Because what about jason? Clark, you just wanted to talk. It's nothing that can't wait till later. Lana, wait. I can't do this. I can't let you walk out, not again. It's okay. We both know better than this. I know. That's why this time it'll be different. This time? "Summerholt memory Lane shut down. " Are you chloe? That's funny. It's not hilarious, but it's funny. My parents told me that you clark-sat and you called them home from metropolis. I want to say thanks. Well, you could still use some help with your comedy routine, but it's not like I taught you to eat solid foods again. Still. You're welcome. So it must've been kind of strange to have a zombie best friend walking around. Yeah, I mean, you know, I never really realized how complicated that zombie's life was. Complicated. Did I do something unusual? You had a clean slate to start all over with, and you made all the same choices... except for one. Chloe, I need you to be completely honest with me. Honest, huh? What'd I do? You trusted me. Subtitles checked and synchronized by Little Miss