I think we're going to enjoy a long and fructuous partnership, Ms. Sullivan I need your help, about your grandfather's dispareance There is no prouve. Only the voice mail confession of Lionel Luthor himself. - I'm leaving. - Paris? Lionel Luthor, you're under arrest for murder. Clark Kent is dead. I don't believe that safe house's explosion was an accident. She dead as a result of her own actions, I am nothing to do with it. I promise I will find who did this to you. You're not the only one who miss her. Just me the anyone doing something about it. Lois? Chloe still alive. I know you find it hard to believe, but trust me, Chloe's not buried in that grave. How do you know that? Look, I want her back more than anyone, but don't you think your hunch is a rungon the whole grief ladder? None of this would've happened if I had been there. Okay, commando,I don't get you. Half the time you're all meek and "yes, ma," "yes, pa. " And the other half, you are the most over confident guy I've ever met. It doesn't happen to you much, does it... not being able to peg someone right away? Oh, get over yourself. You are not that complicated. This is Chloe's safe house? You mean, what's left of it? Oh, my god. Chloe... what did they do to you? What exactly do you expect to find here? I don't know, but the fbi sealed the case, even the autopsy reports. Doesn't that sound a little odd? Remind me if I'm ever a witness, not to put my life in the hands of the fbi. Well, maybe she got out before the explosion. They said she walked inside, clark. I don't know how anyone could survive this. Look, you can have your head in the sand and believe she's alive, but I'm gonna find out who did this to her. Let's get outta here,clark. This place gives me the creeps. Run! Lois! Well, don't just stand there. Come on. We lost them. -Find them! Yes, Sir. Smallville - Saison 4 Episode 2 "Gone" Traduction par Windcharger, Jeje381, Marcuse Synchro par Kiff Merci à Malone Nothing like a little north by northwest action to get the blood pumping, huh? Um... we usually take turns in the bathroom. Oh, don't start with me, smallville. You're the one taking the marathon shower. Besides, my delicate feminine sensibilities weren't offended the first time I got a glimpse of, uh, Clark junior. My parents kinda missed the whole woodstock phase. Besides, they freaked out the last time they caught me in a... co-ed situation. Last time? So the eagle scout does have a few secrets in the closet. Just forget it, all right? That's my shirt. It's the only thing I could find that was clean. Hey... let's keep this morning's game of chopper tag... a secret, okay? Right. Because I'm the one who can't keep my mouth shut. Mom. Hi. You're home. Hi, mrs. Kent. I don't understand what the big deal is here. We just took a shower. Showers. We took separate showers. At noon? - We were just gonna... - We went to chloe's safe house. These guys showed up and chased us into a field, and there was all this dirt. Clark, that is a federal crime scene. And the last thing that we want is for you two kids to get involved with the fbi. Whoever it was, we don't need to worry, because their chopper is face-first in the middle of the field. Your non-verbals are killing me, and this seems like it's a family matter, so... I'm just gonna get outta the way. Way to go. Please tell me that you did not crash that helicopter. Waste of a new suit, isn't it, dad? Well, I don't think so, son. Even if miss Sullivan were alive and testified against me, you and I both know the jury would still find me not guilty. But I am sorry, Lex. Sorry that you killed a bright young woman just because she stood in your way? My apology concerns you and me. I'm... sorry that you couldn't foresee the consequences of your actions when you betrayed me. You can save the threats, dad. I'm not as easy a target as you seem to think. All those tests... all those trials that made you strong. But this time, it's different. You'll never know when it will happen, but it will happen. Each swallow of wine you take, every key you turn, every... friend you make... you'll never have another moment's peace. You look great. Thank you. - Hey. - Hey. So, from your message, I didn't quite get that this is a stopover or if you're back for good. For a while. I guess paris just wasn't for me. Yeah. Museums, late night jazz clubs, walks along the seine... I can see how that can all get boring. Let's just say that I felt as though something was calling me home. A little cryptic, but I'll take it. Well, you picked a good day for home coming. You know, Clark just resurfaced, too. Interesting timing. Funny. I don't remember asking about clark. Actually, um, I came by because I saw the talon was boarded up. I thought you would've sold it by now. Yeah, well, I had a little trouble letting it go. Why, are you in the market for a partner? No. Um... no, I want to rent the apartment. I hope that Clark is right. Otherwise, this is gonna be really ugly, Chloé. Okay. He was right. Where's Chloe Sullivan? - Who the hell are you? - You'd better tell me where she is. What... the posse couldn't get to me the first time, so the boss sent you? You can both kiss my ass. Are you okay? Where the hell did he go? Medieval psychopath. Guess you'd have to be in order to dig up a gravein the middle of the day. Actually... that was me. It's my cousin's grave. Lois lane. Lana Lang. Lana. You're back. Hi. Hi, Clark. Lois. How did you two..? We just met. I stopped by the cemetery to pay my respects to Chloe. I think you're forgetting about the part where you saved my life. Some ginsu boy came after usat Chloe's grave. Look, Clark, if you really think that Chloe's alive, I... I want to help find her. Uh, Lana... look, I don't want to get your hopes up, but we don't know anything for sure. Okay. You're back from Paris. You must've found what you were looking for. I'll say. Who wouldn't want a hot summer fling in the most romantic city on earth? I was going to tell you. It's okay. Really? You two. - We never... - Not really... - Had a thing... - It's complicated... A complicated thing. Never mind. Well, um, I'm gonna go. The awkward tension is just getting started. I really crashed and burned on that one. Must be a daily ritual for you. Only when I'm barreling into a train wreck. Listen to me... I really think we're onto something here I did my research. Luthorcorp paid for the funeral. Why would they do that? It doesn't make any sens. I guess the real question to ask would be, well, why would somebody bury an empty casket for nothing, right, clark? Clark? Wow, she didn't take any prisoners, did she? Lana... cute, smart. Gutsy. And way too much for you to handle. I can see why you're in love with her. Look, you're really not the person I want to talk to about this. Suit yourself. It's just... I knew she'd be dating other people. But... I just don't understand how you could feel like you know someone so completely, like you know everything about them, and then just, all of a sudden you don't even know what continent they're on. Do you always have to finish people's thoughts? Well, am I right? Come on! We gotta go! Hi, daddy. I thought we had an understanding. You were to stay away from that crime scene. And you were supposed to beat the pentagon. They sent me out to fort Ryan to oversee some maneuvers. To keep an eye on me, is that it, boss? Drop it, lo. Why? I'm obviously on to something here. You wouldn't be calling out the birds if I was late for dinner. You didn't seriously invite him to dinner. Clark, mr. Lane is a three-star general. I think he deserves a little respect. Mom, mom.. this is some place you got here, mr. and mrs. Kent. And again, I'd like to thank you for keeping an eye on my little lo. Can I offer you a chavelo? Hand-rolled with some of the finest tobacco in the U.S. Of A. No, I, uh, my heart isn't exactly what it used to be. I'm gonna have to take a rain check on your hospitality, mrs. Kent. - You're welcome anytime. - Well, thank you. Let's double-time it, lo. This is about chloe. Clark, find the luthorcorp connection Good night now. Good night. I was assigned to the accident in jakarta and the shuttle disaster. Impressive. Then maybe you could help explain to me how a door rips off a jet at 20,000 feet. We found no traces of explosive residue. Now, all evidence suggests that the door was extricated from outside the aircraft... by manual force. I'm sorry. Are you trying to tell me someone did this from outside my plane? Agent stocker, will you excuse us? Does this mean you're talking to me again? Only because I don't have a choice. Relegated from friend to last resort. I guess I'll have to accept it if it's my only chance to prove myself. Good. Cause I want you to help me find chloe. Look, I'd like to set things straight between us, Clark, but don't you think raising someone from the grave is setting the bar a little high? Lex, Chloe's not in her grave. She was the linchpin in your father's trial. You would've had investigators crawling all over that area. What did they find? I pulled some strings and asked the FBI not to release all the morbid details. The fact is, that explosion took out an entire acre, and the reason chloe's casket is empty is.. it's because there wasn't anything left. I'm sorry, Clark. Considering your father has a yard full of tanks out there, I don't think you should be in his office, rifling through his files. That didn't seem to slow you down any. I gotta say, I'm impressed, Smallville, that you could sneak on a military base undetected. What are you doing here? I'm looking for you. I think your father's working with Lex Luthor. I saw one of his cigars in his library. I knew it. You were right. Who knew? My dad and the king of the trust fund kids. They are trying to cover up something to do with chloe. - And if he finds us here... - I can handle him, clark. Besides, if you think that chopper recital was something, you should've seen the escort I had for prom. Wow, and I thought my father was overprotective. I guess when he lost my mom, he kinda cracked and... ever since, he's been scared of losing me, too. I can actually talkabout her. She died when I was 6. I'm sorry. Don't be. Unless you're the one that got her hooked on cigarettes behind the gym during high school. Make yourself useful. Nellie blye? I know. Can you believe, after 15 years, my dad is finally getting some action? I'm kinda happy for the old geezer. She died nearly 80 years ago. But it saysin his calendar that he's beentaking r&r with her at least once a week. She was one of the first female undercover reporters. She was Chloe's hero. It says here that she is at... 2348 Walnut Street. Clark? Chloe? You were right, mr. Luthor. Lex's men led me right to the sullivan chick. It's done? You did what I asked? No. I've kinda had a change of heart. I had to kill two men. The price is doubled. That was a very foolish decision, trent. Yes, you have an extraordinary gift. I know that. But wasn't it your pride in that gift that first landed you in belle reve? Don't think you understand! You don't. Believe me, I.. couldn't begin to imagine what it must've been like for you. But, Trent, very few people in your life will ever accept you for the man you are Why would you turn against the one person who would never, never judge you? I don't care. Then you do care. It's what you want, Trent... to be normal. Isn't it? Now, I want to help. But I can't. I won't be free. Not if Chloe Sullivan testifies tomorrow. How long does it take to locate her? Well, do it. Clark, I was trying to protect her. You had a tracking bracelet on her wrist. You couldn't have thought she was that safe. I tried to take every precaution. You looked me straight in the eye and told me she was dead. Look, sometimes you have to do the right thing, no matter what the cost. Even if that cost is Chloe's life. Clark, if it wasn't for me, Chloe would've died in that explosion. I felt responsible for Chloe so I had investigators watching her. They found a detonating device in the safe house, my father had hired someone to make sure that Chloe never made it to that witness stand. I only thing I could do was beat him to it. The house was built on tunnels left from the underground rail road. Seconds after Chloe and her dad entered, we rushed them underneath the house. The explosion was rigged to cave in the tunnel behind them. The cops never found it. And Sam Lane? I didn't trust the FBI. I needed someone who could engineer the rescue. She's at the old foundry. Don't worry, Clark. I'll have people over there in minutes. Get me general Lane. What the hell is that? Chloe always told me this town is weird. I don't know how you ever survived without me. How did you get here, anyway? What do you mean, how did I get here? How did you get here? Chloe! Chloe, are you okay? Chloe? Chloe. I was afraid I'd lost you. Lois? Lois, what are you doing here? Lois! Putting the worst two months of my life behind me. Oh, my god. I am so glad I found you. I..? If you guys don't mind, I'd really like to get outta here. - Yeah. - Yeah. Let's get you outta here, Before Lionel throws any more freaks at you. Because tomorrow morning in court, I am gonna kick Lionel's butt. "Guilty!" "Jury returns verdict in high profile case. " it's good to see that there's some things even Lionel Luthor can't buy his way out of. Thanks to Chloe. Clark, as much as I hate to admit this, Lex had a handin it, too. He did make good on his promise to protect Chloe. And look what he got out of it control of Luthorcorp. Look, I'm sorry, but it's gonna take a lot more than that for met o get to trust him again. Ever since he met you, he's been surrounded by things he can't explain. We can't really blame him for trying to find the truth. The truth is, he's been lying to me from day one. The legend on the cave wall says I'm destined to have an enemy. All this time, I've been worried about Lionel. But I'm beginning to think that the real threat was right in front of me. I think it's Lex. Lana. What are you doing down here? Probably the same thing you are. It's peaceful. You're 2 for 2. You keep showing up when I least expect to see you. I'm not trying to surprise you, Clark. I know. It's just when you left, I... wasn't sure when I'd see you again. It's funny, isn't it? After everything we've been through, I thought it would take us longer to get over it. Us? You and lois. Lois? She's bossy. She's stuck-up, she's rude. I can't stand her. The best ones always start that way. Do you believe in destiny? I don't want to. But you can't escape it, can you, even if you don't know what it is yet? Lana, what is it you're not telling me? Does it have something to do with this guy you met? No, no. Um, no, it doesn't. But I'm sorry that you found out the way you did. I should go. Well done, Lex. But wasn't it you who warned me, don't wound what you cannot kill? Oh, and, dad... I wouldn't have missed this for the world. Hi. I'm freaking you out with the whole cary grant moment, aren't I? What are you doing here? Giving you time. They're beautiful. I, uh, found this. "Jason, I had to go back home. I wish I had time to explain. " So now you do. I'm sorry, Jason. I, uh... I don't know what to say. It's okay. It's all right. You know, I kept trying to convince myself that this wasn't about me, but... you can't really put that in a note, can you? Wait. Jason, I'm not sorry to see you. You know, it's just... you came all this way, and I just... I wish... that I had a better explanation for you For why you left Paris or why you left me? You know how I feel about you. That hasn't changed. But I can't go back. Lana, I didn't come here to get you. I came here to be with you. Subtitles checked and synchronized by Little Miss