a silver age of heroism. I started the training Jor-El always planned for me. - Do you believe in fate? - Only the kind you make happen. Blue Kryptonite takes away my abilities, too. - No strings, no ribbons. - It's just a gift. - I've been talking to The Blur. - The question is am i enough?</i> You can't protect us if we know who you are. Then you shall be the Savior of Kandor. The last thing we remember is our blood being taken in Kandor. How did we get here? - I'll be in touch. - There are aliens here on our planet. You get to write a story with Perry White. You lied about having powers. How'd you get them? From your blood. The time has come to share in your birthright. Zod's been looking for something that wields great power. Who knows what he will do? The humans killed the mother of my unborn child. The last time that I saw Faora, she was with Zod. - Why should they believe you? - The Book of Rau isn't here. You say you're saving the planet but you only care about yourself. The Book of Rau can transport the Kandorians to another plane of existence, including you. - I need your help. - Anything. I finished tracing our rogue Blur. It was Zod. If anyone calls claiming to be me, don't believe them. Kneel before Zod. Soon, the world will need all the help it can get. Now the season finale of "Smallville." If you remember, I'm the one who said 2012 would be just another y2k scare and I was right. Not to fear, White. If there's a scandal in the Pentagon, yours truly will be the one to find it. Seven calls from the State Department confirmation on your flight to Jordan, fruit basket from the Dalai Lama and Clark's at the deli. He wants to know if you want pastrami or roast beef. Clark would forget his head if it wasn't attached with a necktie. There's something else. Luthor is making a play for the oval office and White has me playing dodge ball with armchair quarterbacks at the Pentagon?! I can't believe it! News helicopter lost power! It's heading straight for The Daily Planet!</i> You had better be getting every pixel of this. Look, up in the sky! Your fate is utterly binding. You will lead this generation as hawkman once led ours. Smallville 9x21 - Salvation Synchro : Flolo For Seriessub.com/soustitre.eu I thought you said we'd never talk again. I'm glad you broke radio silence, but why now? How can you be The Blur? That alien snatcher, Chisholm, shot you. I saw the wound. My powers cured me. Clark Kent's mild-mannered FBI friend is the guy who's always saving my butt? You were willing to risk your life to save me. You are my hero. My hero told me not to trust anyone that said he was The Blur. I know I did. But I had no one else to turn to. Lois, please... I need your help again. Someone is becoming dangerously close to discovering who I am, if they do, they could destroy everything I've worked for. It's Clark Kent. I'm sorry. I think all that superspeeding has crisscrossed your wires, because Clark would never harm anyone. I know you don't want to see it, Lois, but it's true. It's why he told you to stay away from me. It's why he took away the charm I gave you. He knows what we mean to each other. I will admit that Clark's played the jealousy card once or twice. But you're wrong about him. You don't have to take my word for it. You are the best investigator I've known. Now, you dig a little deeper... but I guarantee you'll find that Clark Kent is not who he says he is. Even though Watchtower's back in the game, I'm still coming up empty-handed on the Kandorian front. It's like they vanished into thin air. That might have something to do with the fact that they can fly. Sarcasm noted. How do we know these people aren't half a galaxy away already?</i> Zod doesn't want to play Thunderdome on a planet that is desolate. He needs people to rule over. I have a feeling that is coming soon to a planet near us. I'm heading back to Watchtower. If a war breaks out, i want to be in the foxhole with you.</i> Because... Right, because we need to protect Watchtower's database. Yeah, the database is, is important. Over and out. Everyone's mobilizing. They're all out on the field... Kryptonite weapons? That's only gonna stall them. We're no match for the Kandorians, even when we work together. It's only a matter of time before Zod commands his soldiers - to bring the world to its knees. - Then let's move on to plan "A." I assume you brought the infamous secret weapon. I still don't understand how the Red Queen of the Kent farm knew about the Book of Rau. My mom inherited the Kryptonian library when Lionel died. It's no surprise that Zod would lie. The Book of Rau is not a bible. It was created by Jor-El to send the Kandorians to another world. A world they could call their own. Let's fire up this intergalactic subway token and send our visitors on a fast train to Nirvana. I can't. Once it's activated, it sends all Kryptonians to the new world. Including you. I know my destiny, and it's here. I've seen it. Dr. Fate has seen it, too. And Jor-El has sent me on trials to prove it. I finally know who I am and what I'm meant to do here on earth. I'm not leaving. No one wants to see you reach your true potential more than I do. I've been with you through every bump along this insane ride. But what if every trial has just been a preparation for you to make the ultimate sacrifice? Then why would my father have gone silent in the fortress? If this was a trial, my father would never skip on any chance to give me a lecture. Because this isn't a trial. And maybe your father disappeared on you because he knew you needed to make this last mile on your own. Then it's up to me and I think there's another way to save Zod. Jor-El did not tell you to stay here and be our guardian.</i> Are you saying it's selfish for me to try to save people? You think I want you to go? I can't imagine being in this world without you. You've inspired an entire team of heroes who will be here to protect us. And maybe your true purpose is to lead your own people. You've refused to speak to me, Jor-El. Now I'll make sure you'll never speak to your son again... and share the secrets of Rau with him. You're not welcome here. I've been playing hide-and-seek with this ice castle for over two years. So the least you can do is just give me a minute to take it all in. - It's breathtaking. - How did you get here? I flew. Icarus flew to where he didn't belong. And he fell to his death from the heavens. Icarus was on an ego trip. But I have a higher calling. I was made to see the error of my ways. I'm here... to redeem myself. It's too late. My people discovered you had the Book of Rau and hid it from me. I won't forgive that deception. It's not your forgiveness that I'm looking for. I've seen the future. And you enslave this planet... and destroy anyone that ever opposed you! Including Clark. And the Red Queen made me realize. I won't let you kill him. You touched the sun when you freed me from the orb. You're about to learn what it feels like to get burned. I know that you told me to save Zod... but I won't. Not if it means leaving everyone I promised to protect. Now, my destiny is here on Earth. And if everything that you've trained me for was for another purpose, then it was a waste, because I'm staying. There must be some other way to stop Zod. Your father can't help you anymore. I made sure of that. My people are overtaking this planet, and you can't stop me. You want war, but it doesn't have to be like this. Have you taken a look around you? It's always like this! Might makes right! Only the strong survive! Have you learned nothing from the natural world in which you love so much? What I've learned is that no matter how much someone has hurt you or betrayed you or how much it seems that someone is evil, at their core, everyone is worth saving. What exactly do you think you're saving me from? From making another mistake like Faora. Do you really think there's redemption for what I did? - It's never too late. - How would you know? Because I killed my own father. My Earth father warned me not to play God...</i> not to reach for power that's not mine. But I tempted fate, and because of that, he died. You have to forgive yourself. My entire team is equipped with Kryptonite weapons. Hardly a match for my battalion. Too many people will die. You need to end this now. You can't win. I know my destiny. And I know mine. You never give up, do you, Perry? I'm so sorry... I tracked... Corben to locate your fortress. And I did it only to save you from Zod. I have the Book of Rau, Tess. But even if I wanted to use it, I can't, because Zod destroyed the console in the fortress. You don't need the fort-tress. When the Kandorians... were building the Rau Tower... they put together these crystals as an energy source when they were trying to turn the sun red. And I think these crystals will also... power the Book of Rau. I aready destroyed the tower. I pulled the console from the rubble... and moved it... to your crow's nest a-above the city. This is my last chance to atone for my sins. You... are the only one that can save us. And you've run out of time. The war has already begun. I think we have a little bit more time before the U.N. gets involved. All our Queen Industry sources say that our military friends believe this is just some hoax. Any new activity? This is Stargirl online from the nation's capital.</i> No sign of the Kandorians after te attack.</i> Black Canary here. Story's the same in Athens.</i> All I found in Giza are mummies. We need to flush these aliens out. I've been around long enough to know the best way to win a war is to strike first.</i> No, that's the best way to win a bowling tournament, Tweety. We're dealing with superpowered soldiers here. Just as expected, Mr. Green jeans has gone yellow.</i> The Kandorians are Clark's people. So we're not gonna take any sort of action - until he's with us. - Watchtower's right.</i> I agree with Hawkman. We wait too long, they'll have the advantage.</i> - We hold off until Kal- El has a chance to. - how long we gonna wait, Martian. - long enough from them to wipe us out? - We wait, the Kandorians win.</i> Zod's symbols say one thing, he wants a fight.</i> I say we move now and cause some pain. At what cost? Your abilities allow you to come back, Carter. After you die but what about the others on both sides? So you want us to play nice? The Kandorians have been led astray by Zod. I don't want to see them die any more than I want to lose any one of you. I will use the Book of Rau... to send them all away. I've made my decision. Once I lead my people to another world, I'll never be able to come back. - You need to think about this. - What about your life here?</i> - There's got to be another way. - With us by your side,</i> you don't have to do this alone. This is the only peaceful way to eliminate the threat. Without a war, a war that no one will win... once the Kandorians are gone there will be other threats to mankind. The world will need you. You'll have to work together to become the team that you were meant to be. I once believed that my destiny was here on earth, but now you need to accept that destiny for me. Clark's right. We'll protect the world... As one. It has been my honor to serve alongside each and everyone one of you. The honor was ours, Kal-El. I'm proud of you. You got to let her go, Clark. She's trying to be strong, you know? When your oldest friend leaves forever, there's really no way to say goodbye. That said, I think we both know there're someone else you need to see one last time. Considering everything Lois and I have been through, I don't think that's such a good idea. You owe her the truth. I want to open up to her more than anything. But why tell Lois who I really am, only to rip it away from her? Wouldn't that hurt her more? I wouldn't do that to her. That doesn't mean you can't at least say goodbye. General. Have you retrieved the Book of Rau? Sir, if Kal-El still holds it, - you said he'd use it to kill us all. - Do not question my resolve. I will not fail. I will destroy the Book of Rau. Do you not have a mission to complete? Kal-El's comrades have been lured to your crests, just as you ordered. So they have to have been dispersed around the world, and Kal-El is alone in Metropolis. Our soldiers have cut off their communications. All their satellites have been destroyed. Then by dawn, we'll have the Book of Rau. And this planet will be ours. We lost all satellite communication. I can't reach anybody. It's like everyone I sent out there is a sitting duck and Zod's about to call a start to hunting season. Take a breath. You've stared down the barrel of a gun before. We're dealing with like 100 Clarks here. I don't know if I can dodge this speeding bullet. You're not in it alone. We're a team, right? You got me? Trust me. Thank you. But I don't think talking me off a ledge is gonna help us solve our technical difficulties. Okay, then maybe this will. When Tess broke into our little clubhouse here, I had Queen Industries launch an orbiter dedicated to Watchtower. Wait a minute. We have our own satellite? Yeah. Why didn't you tell me this before? It was sort of a gift. I guess giving you a sweater for your birthday Is sort of out of the question now. The satellite's up and running, but the transponders haven't been initiated for downlink yet. I'm gonna need to flip a couple of switches at the earth station in order to be able to spy from the sky. Then we should just stay in touch the old-fashioned way. I mean... If Zod has been trying to destroy satellites from space, he's definitely not gonna be happy that you're putting another satellite online. Do me a favor, okay? Just keep a low profile. I'm wearing green leather, so I'll do my best. How could a guy who kept a journal in High School ever hurt anyone? I've been looking all over for you. Funny. Me too. I have something I need to tell you. And if I don't tell you now... I never will. I know that things have been rocky between us, but... I'm listening. My whole life has been full of relationships that have ended too soon. And then when I went away last fall, I... Lois, I felt so lost. When I came back to the bullpen... you were there waiting for me. You jumped out of your seat, you threw your arms around me and the way that your eyes sparkled when you smiled, I just... I knew. I just knew that you were the one that I've always needed. And I needed you to know that. What is it? He's offered me a job at the foreign desk in Kenya. That's great. Congratulations. I'm not sure I'm going. Lois, your... your career is so important to you, what would make you stay? For you. I would stay for you. Clark, as important as my career is to me... you are more important. I would give up Africa... to be with you. But only if we stop keeping secrets from each other. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, you do, Clark. Come on. I need you to be honest with me. Lois, there's nothing to tell you. I think you leaving Metropolis is the best thing... for you right now. Just now that wherever you are, I'll be watching over you. I'll be thinking of you. I'm sorry. I should go. Doctor! - Her blood pressure's dropping. - Oxygen. Hurry up. We're losing her. - 10 mil epi... - charge to 200! - Charging. - Clear! - No pulse. - Charge to 250. Clear! No response. Let's call it. Time of death... 3:33 P.M. Call the morgue. Have them send somebody up to collect the body. - Houston, we got a problem. - Are you at the satellite station yet? Yeah, I'm way ahead of you, but I'm a little lost. I need you to be my own personal mapquest if you don't mind. - All right, what's your 20? - I'm inside the air ducts right now. Access to the main grid is through one of the routing panels. Mole man, just think happy thoughts and keep on tunneling. Let me know when you've reached the "t." I hate small spaces. Completed the first level. I'm at the "t." Now, halfway through the second tunnel, on your left-hand side, you're gonna find three panels. The one with JJ-910-60 is... the one in the middle, yeah, I got it. You got to admit, I know how to treat a girl on date night. Next week, do you think maybe we could grab some thai food and catch a movie? That sounds like a good plan, but for tonight, you're gonna have to settle for stream satellite video. The link is up! Why don't you make your way home? I'm gonna see if I can access the building schematics and find you a less cramped return trip. The station's motion sensors have picked you up. No. You've got visitors. There's a whole swarm of them, and they're closing in on you fast. You need to get out of there now. If they find the signal, they'll trace me back to you! - I got to go! - No, Ollie, no! I love you! I love you! Chloe, they're not Kandorian! I knew i could count on you. I still can't believe you were right about Clark. Just when it seems that you're out of my life for good, you turn out to be the one person I can believe in. My only regret is I can see your heartbreak. It's not broken. It's shattered. I know how hard it is to discover the person you love... is not what you think they were. I will never deceive you like Clark did... ever. Now I need the Book of Rau. I can't. I hid it. I was worried that Clark would follow me. Where is it? I hid it where I confessed to you that you were the most important person in my life. This is not a game. You're not really him. I should've known better than to deceive The Blur's most devoted follower. - Just who the hell are you? - Unlike The Blur,</i> I'm someone who doesn't care whether you live or die. Can you ever forgive me for thinking he was you? Please say something. Anything. You can't stop me. We're leaving this planet. I'm not going anywhere. And neither are they.</i> Having others finish a fight that you started only proves what a coward you are. My soldiers know I have never wavered in the face of death. All you've ever done is hide in the shadows. You've hidden, too... the truth from them. The Book of Rau will not destroy us! It will lead us to a better place... another planet where we can live in peace, where we an build a new home. Krypton will live again. This is just another one of his deceits. We all know where his allegiance lies. What about your deceptions? If they knew the truth, they'd never follow you. My men willingly follow me. And what about Faora? All she wanted was to leave you. - That is a lie! - And she paid for it with her life. Faora never should've trusted you. But she wasn't the only one who paid the price, was she? Faora was a traitor. Do you think I wanted to kill my own child? Your sister was a traitor. She would've betrayed us al. Wait! We will deal with him once we're on our own soil. Kal-El, take us home. Blue Kryptonite. I told you. I'm not going anywhere. You knew the blue Kryptonite would prevent you from ascending like the others! Better to rule in hell than to serve in heaven. Seeing as you love the humans so much, let's see if you fight like one! Unlike you, I will lead from a throne, not from the shadows. Every human, including the woman you love, will kneel before Zod! You already destroyed my first