And that's game. Guess you won't be dancingwith the stars. Time to pony up,yance. You think I'm paying you,man,you crazy. Come on,you set the table.I cleaned up. All right,tomorrow night -best two out of three. can't go. come on,man.You knowyou got to square me up. I got a test,man.I ca-- Hey,what was that? No way,man.Don't go back there. Don't you ever watchmovies? Check it out. that wassome creepy creepy,man. That wassome creepy creepy,man. Where is kal-el? What el? I said,"where is kal-el? What you going onabout,man? What's a kal-el? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-ÎÒÊÇÈç´Ë½ÃÇé -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Smallville Season 6 Episode 6 Middle of the night,mysterious meeting, suspicious briefcase? You normally just call me with an update,dr.Groll. Why all the intrigue? The precautions aren't for dramatic effect. Are you in some sort of danger? I think we both are. The cds contain all my research on the box-- every test result,every theory I've written. You're quitting. I'm disappearing. Don't you think that's a bit extreme? You'll find that when you're in as deep as we are with the luthors, they won't let you just walk away. We've started military testing. I thought we were still in the analysis phase. Lex didn't tell me that we were already testing with the military. Forgive me,but I believe that there's a lot that lex neglects to tell you. You could have just left. Why come to me? Because I'm not the only one I'm worried about. Despite our differences,miss lang,I thought you deserved a warning. I'm getting as far away from the luthors as possible. I suggest you do the same. Oakland,california. Local authorities determined it was made by a shooting star, but that was just wishful thinking. Sorry. It impacted six weeks ago, right around the time you fell out of the phantom zone. It gets worse. He's already killed once. Two boys went missing on the site of the crater. All they found were human ashes and a basketball. Sounds like heat vision. Not unless your heat vision comes with a radiation setting. The ashes were off the geiger charts, and the next day,the nuclear facilities 20 miles away were hit. Any idea why the zoner would be there? Well,aside from giving the five researchers a premature cremation, the radioactive material that they'd been working with was sucked dry. It's almost like he was feeding off it. We need to checkall the plants in the area. Hello?Um,have you met me? There have beena half a dozen incidents across the continent. The most recent onewas just outside of metropolis. Chloe,these attacksform a straight line. Headed directlytowards you. Chloe... I'll make a list of all the possible siteswithin a 100-mile radius. I'll call you. Thanks. Raya? Hello,kal-el. I was afraidI'd never see you again. I'm sorry.I didn't want toleave you in the phantom zone. You had no choice. It's okay,kal-el. And if it wasn't for you,I would have never escaped. I would have never seenall this. It's more beautiful than the worldyour father described. How'd you find me? Your father told me about the familyhe had chosen for you, about smallville. It must have been hardgrowing up here by yourself. I had my parents.I had my friends. But no owho really understood you. You meanwhat was it like to grow upwith such a big secret? And the amazing rushof racing trains,knowing nothingcan hurt you. I used to try to pretendnot to notice, but sometimesI would catch my dad watching me when I'd pickedsomething up that was impossiblefor him to even move. He wanted so much to knowwhat that felt like. But he never could. No matter how I thinkI fit in... every day I'm remindedI'm not one of them. You're not alone anymore. I'm here. The wayward boyfriendreturns. Jimmy,we're in the bullpen,not the back of my yaris. Which I am looking forwardto visiting again soon. But first,you needa swanky new dress. Got to look sharp whenwe're accepting our pulitzer -- your words,my pictures. You think I should rent a tux,or is that too stuffy? Jimmy,I would hold offon the bow tie. This is a bumper. Yeah,but watch.This guy takesa metal briefcase into the car and leaves without it. What were they doingout there? Well,I'm working on it. Well,who isthis mystery man? I...don't know. What's in the briefcase? Something illegal? Jimmy,this isn't a story. It's a hunch. Besides what were you doingplaying stalkerazzi in the middle of the nightfollowing lex luthor around? Being proactive,hopefullynailing a front-page shot. You don't think some back-alleyhand-off is suspicious? I think lex luthor getting outof bed in the morning is suspicious, but you need facts.You need proof. Well,thanks forthe pop-up commentary,but that's where I was... you know,kind of hopingthat you would come in. Look,jimmy,I've dealtwith the luthors before. And the kind of ball they playis very,very hard. Then I guessI better bring my bat. Appreciate the help. Jimmy... You nearly gave mea heart attack. Serious lack of signagedown here. Which way is archives? It's over there. Are you,um,one of the new... interns? Kal-el. What do you meangroll's lab is cleaned out? This schematiccan't be all that's left. What aboutall the research? Just find him. Mr.Luthor,thanks for seeing me. Your girlfriendis very close with the personI care most about. That's the only reasonyou're here,mr.Olsen. Uh,would you mindif I start with a few pictures? Actually,I do. I'll have my peoplesend you a publicity shot. Right. So,what'sthis all about? Okay,then. Down to business. What exactly is your connectionto this man,mr.Luthor, and what was in the steel casethat he gave you? Can I take thatas a "no comment"? You know,james,I was very happy to hear that chloefinally landed a boyfriend. It appears my jubilationwas prematurE. Mr.Olsen has to get backto metropolis. Make surehe finds the way out. Jimmy. Tell chloelana says hello. And if you ever tryanything like this again, you'll be leavingthrough the window,no matterwho you're dating. I thought I shouldjust give you the car since you obviouslydon't like asking to borrow it. I didn't knowthat I had to. Lana,the caris not a big deal. You sneaking out of the houseat midnight... that bothers me. There's nothingto be upset about,lex. I had a late-night cravingfor ice cream. Mocha mint? That's your favorite,right? What's dr.Groll's? Did you honestly thinkthis wouldn't catch up with you? I don't like playingcat-and-mouse games,lana. Is it the gamethat you don't like... or the fact that someone'splaying it on your level? I don't knowwhere you stashed the box,but I want it back now. Please. You cheated. I couldn't let a rookie catch mein the last county. Jor-el would have neverlet you get away with this. What was he like? My father. Brave... strong... with the biggest heartof anyone I've ever known. To be honest,that's notthe jor-el I imagined. He was determinedto save us. I remember helping himbuild your ship. He was so careful,planning every detail,down toyour baby blanket. I wish that he couldsee you now. I haven't beenthe best son. Your father was hardon himself,too. He felt guiltythat he couldn't save krypton. His only redemptionwas sending you to save earth. Save it from what? Extinction. Your civilizationis going to destroy itself,just like krypton. You should know this. It was part of your training. I haven't startedmy training. The fortress is damaged. Jor-el tried to warn me,but I didn't listen. I mean,how could I trust someone who brought so much paininto my life? Pain is a partof anyone's journey,kal-el. You can't escape it. You must acceptyour destiny. Too bad that destiny'sjust gotten a little shorter. The last son of krypton. I've been waiting for thismoment for a long time. You're the onewho's been coming for me. And I thinkit will be worth the trip. What's the matter,raya? Don't recognizean old friend? It's me,baern. He's one of the phantoms. How do you likethe new suit? What do you want? To pay back your old man for giving mea one-way ticket to hell. But then he had to goand get himself eviscerated along with everyone else from that ice cubeyou call a planet. So I guessyou'll have to do. Kal-el? Where is he? I know my fathertold you where he sent me,but how did baern know? After krypton felland jor-el was dead, the prisonersin the phantom zone discovered that he'd only managedto save his own son. The story of your survivalwas a myth,a rumor -- one of hope for some of usand revenge for others. For someone who's beendreaming of killing me for the last 20 years, his visitwas a little short-lived. I don't think he was expectingto fight both of us. He was weakening. His race feeds offradioactive energy. So that's whyhe's so strong. Baern killed hundredson his own planet before he came to krypton. But jor-el managed to exile himto the phantom zone. I'm guessing baern is searchingfor a new energy source. It won't take him long. He can sense power sources. There's only one thingthat can stop him your father's crystal. Hey. I've sent youlike 10 text messages. Really?I must have missed them. Look,I'm sorry. I shouldn't have blown offyour theory about lex. I just wanted to make sure that you knewwhat a shark he is. I know.You're right. So you're dropping it? No,I meant that you were rightthat I needed proof, so I pulled a little howeabout a little free publicity for your pet charitywith luthor the lesser, and I got my foot in the doorand took a look around. Wow,you must have beenpretty persuasive. Lex doesn't usually takeinterviews. actually,I may have dropped your name. Look,I'm sorry,but I had to. It was so worth it. Take a look. Oh,my god. You see those symbols? They're like hieroglyphics. Do you knowwhat this means,chloe? Lex is workingwith the egyptians. You know,I think you're right. Why don't you makea bunch of copies of these,and I'll call the embassyand see what I can dig up? Hey,now,that is my girl. Baern wouldn't have leftthe area with you still alive. There must besome other place he'd go -- maybe a military installationthe public doesn't know about. I've been trying to call you. Where have you been? Racing around. Chloe,this is raya. Oh,raya. It's nice to know something good finally came outof the phantom zone, especially sincewe have a big problem. This is what zod was gonna useto wipe out the earth. Where'd you get this? Jimmy took it. It was on lex's desk. I thought I destroyed it. I know this design. It's part of the braininteractive construct. What? Brainiac --this box is its power core. Kryptonian energy sourceexponentially stronger than anything hereon earth. Baern... if he gets ahold of this,it'll give him enough power to fuel him indefinitely... and kill us both. Safe and sound. You didn't keep it. It's not mine to keep. Incredible,isn't it? Such a small,fragmented piece of metal might hold the secretsof the universe. Or a new wayto destroy ourselves. Lex,you didn't tell me you started workingwith the military. Well,who betterto help defend us? Lana,the futurealways has risks. That doesn't meanwe shouldn't move forward. I thoughtwe were in this together. We still are... just not on the same side. Lex,you're obsessed. We've been through this beforewith the ship,and somethinghas got to give. The box...or me. You have something I need. Lana,call security. They're kind ofunavailable right now. You're not getting near it. Lex! A lex... it's onlya second-degree burn -- nothing to worry about. They want to run an x-ray tomake sure my ribs are all right. How did that thingknow about the box? That's exactlywhat I was wondering. Do you think that I'd actually be involvedin something like this, that I'd let you get hurt? No... of course not. Clark. What are you doinghere? I went by the mansion.I heard you were takento the hospital. You okay? We're fine,clark...both of us. What happened? We had an uninvited guest,but... we're used tothat kind of thing. I'm gladyou're all right,then. Mr.Luthor,let's get you down to x-ray. Hate to questionyour good-natured visit, but are you really interestedin lex's health? What's the real reasonyou're here? Look,you don't want to getin the middle of this. No,you don't want me in the middle of it,but it's too late. Clark,stop tryingto think up excuses and just tell mewhat's going on. Have you seen thisbefore? Yes. But it doesn't matteranymore. It's just a pileof ash now. That thing destroyed it. Clark: Raya,I told youthe fortress is dead. Why are we here? Raya: The fortress isour only hope to defeat baern. This was all we had leftof our home,kal-el. And now it's gone,too. It was more than that. The fortresswas a storehouse for all the knowledgein the universe£­ at least all that we had. How could this happen? I'm sorry. I don't know howto bring it back. Your father wouldn't havegiven up so easily. I haven't given up. I don't know what else to do.I've tried everything. Everything except the trainingyour father wanted for you. So,why are we here? Baern is too dangerousto attack anywhere else. With the power he absorbedfrom the box, he could wipe outhalf a continent. If he's that strong,will the crystal still work? It should,provided we stayalive long enough to use it. I'm not sure it'll be that easyjust to lure him here. I'm gonna seeif I can reroute whatever residual poweris left -- just enough to send outa signal... to let baern knowyou're here. Clark,I'm home. I canceled the rest ofmy meetings and came back early. If I had to listento one more egoist droning on about the needr school reform rather than actuallydoing something about it... clark? Don't you mean kal-el? He leftwithout saying goodbye. Who are you? Where's clark? That's what I wouldlike to know. Kal-el. That's all the powerI was able to draw. Hopefully it'll be enough. That sound --I've heard it before. Every kryptonian familyhas a unique tone -- a beaconto identify itself. Baern's sureto recognize yours. And follow itstraight to me. So this is jor-el'sfamed fortress of knowledge. I thought it'd be bigger. It doesn't matter. You won't be staying long. Big talk,big man. I'm surprisedyou're still standing. I guess jor-el was rightabout how the yellow sun affectsyou kryptonian cockroaches. But I'm back. And now... I'm supersized. This is the perfect placefor the fall of the house of el. Paying for the sinsof your father can be a bitch. Raya? Raya. The crystal... it has enough power now. Restore the fortress. You can't leave me,not now. I'm sorry... I couldn't sharein your destiny... kal-el. Man,where am I? A hospital...in kansas. Kansas? Do you have any ideahow you got here? I barely even knowwhere here is -- I mean,no ball,no beach. Kansas is strictlyflyover. So,the last six weeks... six weeks? The last thingI remember was... I was playing ball withmy boy yance and after that... nothing. Am I supposed toknow you? No. My name's clark kent. We found you unconscious,and... I didn't knowwhat else to do,so I brought you here. This is crazy. The doctors sayyou're gonna be all right. I get the feeling I've got youto thank for that,man. Kansas,huh? Kansas. Oh,no,I know that look. Meeting didn't go wellwith the editor,huh? Some meeting. I pitched my take on thelex luthor-egyptians conspiracy, and they refusedto put somebody on the story. And I had proof. Well,maybe notdefinitive proof,but you definitelywere on to something. I'm sorry,jimmy. That's not eventhe worst of it. Well,you couldn'thave been demoted. I mean,you can't get any lower. Try unemployment. Apparentlylex made a call. They fired me. Look,I managed to talkmy way back,but only as faras the basement. Well,don't knockthe basement. My career's over. Scanning photos at the archivefor the rest of my life. No,you won'T. In fact,you should consider the fact that lex tried to get you fireda compliment. If you hadn't been so goodat your job -- too good -- he wouldn't haveeven bothered. You're gonna be a great photographerone day,jimmy olsen. I thought maybe you'd hadanother sweet-tooth attack. Don't worry,lex.I'm not going anywhere. You sure? Not tonight. I think we need to reassesssome things. Because of the box. Because you lied to me,lana. After all your talkabout honesty. Then I guess we're even. I'm just gladthat the box was destroyed. How can you say that? You've seenwhat can happen,the threatsthat are out there, that the box was our only hopeof defending ourselves. The human racehas survived this long. It doesn't need lex luthorto save it. You know,our conversationwas interrupted. Don't you meanyour ultimatum? Do you honestly thinkI wouldn't have chosen you? I guess we'll never know. Raya sounds likean amazing woman. I wish you could havemet her. She loved this place,this whole world. She barely had enough timeto discover it... before she gave her lifeto protect it. It looks like kryptongave us more than one hero. I'm so sorry,clark. When I was with raya... I didn't feel aloneanymore. Clark... mom,I know how much you love meand how much dad... but I've always felt... different. It's because I am. And raya wasthe first person I ever met who could reallyunderstand that. And I don't thinkI ever really thought about what I'd lost... a family,a whole race of peoplewho were just like me. For the first time,I'm ready to stop running... from who I really am... from my destiny. Your training with jor-el - -you want to go. But I can'T... not yeT... not until every prisoner that I released fromthe phantom zone is returned...