anything in south america, we still have a situation back here in kansas we need to deal with. No,he'll be here in 15 minutes. Okay. Great. I'll see you in a few. Dr. Casselli. You're early. You are annoyingly persistent, miss sullivan. I've already told you I don't know anything. Don't sell yourself short, doctor. I think you're a very knowledgeable man. In the last few months, over a dozen patients have been transferred out of the high-security wing at belle reve. I believe that's your signature on all the paperwork. Patients are transferred in and out of mental facilities all the time. Even ones that exhibit unusual abilities? Where are they transferred to? Is luthorcorp involved? Does this have anything to do with 33.1? Okay. I'll take that as a "no comment. " I didn't want any of this. But it was so much money. Chloe? You okay? Yeah. Just in the nick of time, as always. It wasn't me. He was already down when I got here. What? Well,if it wasn't you, then who - he's open! Pass the ball! Pass the - oh! What's the matter with you,man? Still too slow,stretch. Bart. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-cflily -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> SMALLVILLE Season 06 Episode11</font> He got away from you? I thought you were the fastest man alive. He saved your life, which is more than I can say. Oh,come on,clark. It wasn't your fault. Even with all your powers, you can't be everywhere at once. I have to be. I'm the only one who can round up the prisoners from the phantom zone and stop lex from experimenting on people with abilities. What did you find out from casselli about 33.1? Nothing, and I'm not going to. Casselli was in and out of prison before the ink could dry on his fingerprints. How'd he get out so fast? I don't know,but a luthorcorp lawyer paid casselli a visit right before his release. Lex. Casselli could be stashed halfway around the world by now. I'll get in touch with lionel. Maybe he can tell us something. I'll keep sifting through my luthorcorp intel. Maybe we'll get lucky, and I'll come up with a few bread crumbs. Hey,gorgeous. What's up? You miss me? I'm bart allen. We had a moment on the town last time I was here. Two years ago, before you had a boyfriend. Oh! Right! Wow. It's good to see you again, bart. The pleasure's all mine, seÑorita. I'll see you around. Muy caliente. Knock it off. What's with the spanish? I just grabbed lunch down in mexico,man. They got this burrito down there - el intestine-o buster. You got to take a run down there with me to try one. What are you doing here,bart? I'm hanging out with my amigo,man. What's it look like? That's what I'm trying to find out. Last time you blew through town, you stole my dad's wallet then swiped a priceless artifact from lex. You nearly got yourself killed. Yeah. Yeah,those were the days,huh? Yeah,all right. Look,man, I already told you, things are different now,okay? I mean,back then,I needed a super-kick in the butt, and you laid it on me, and ever since then, there's been no more stealing for this gringo,I swear. Am I really supposed to just buy that? I could squirt out some tears if that'll help. No,but the truth might. What were you doing at the daily planet? I saw chloe-licious had a byline a while back. And I was in town on business, figured I ought to check it out. What kind of business? I'm a courier. I pick things up. I drop them off. Lickety-split. Don't have a fit. All right. Look,man,whatever. You don't trust me. That's fine. Okay,I'll be gonebefore you can even blink. I don't know. I can still blinkpretty fast. Mexico,huh?Want to go get that burrito? Excelente. Now,that is what I call a three-martini lunch. It wasa four-martini lunch if you include the onethat you spilled on my shirt. Right. Well,how am I ever going tomake it up to you? I don't know. Because,uh... it's my favorite shirt. Well,then,I think we shouldget it into the laundry so that it doesn't stain. Yeah. That's a good idea. I got to take this. Go ahead. Give me five minutes. I,uh... you know,what I had in mind is gonna take a little longerthan five minutes. Rain check? Sure. I'll just put it nextto the rest of the umbrellas you keep handing me. Lois - I mean,is it just me or is this relationshipall interruptus and no coitus? You're always running off just when thingsstart getting interesting, and I like being interested -a lot. Yeah. I know. You're right. It's,uh... it's not fair to you. I think we should takea break. You mean like,what... see other people? Uh,well,okay. Yeah,I mean,if that's what you want. I was actually thinkingmore along the lines of taking a vacation... together. Really? Yeah,really. No rushing outin the middle of the good stuff? No. None. It'll be you,me,and... monte carlo? There's just a few thingsthat I do need to take care of before we go,and I think once we get - god,you're good at that. - I'll start packing. - Okay. Bye. GAME ON I need to talk to you. You alone? Just meand my shadow,dad. Lana's in paris with nell,shopping for a wedding dress. That's goodshe's out of the country consideringwhat's happening. Look,if this is aboutdr. Casselli - casselli?He's the least of our worries. Another luthorcorp facilityhas been hit. That's six. Each one of them hassome connection with 33.1. The only thinghoused in those facilities was peripheral research. All the vital data isstill secure in the mainframe. How long do you think beforethat location is compromised? If it ever became publicthat luthorcorp is experimenting on peoplewith abilities - it won'T. What's this? A single framepulled off a security camera from one of the break-ins. Whoever is responsible has the ability to move fasterthan a speeding bullet. Such a unique individual would make an interestingtest subject to add to 33.1, don't you think? What do you plan to do? Protect our investment. Come on. I'll walk you out. Yeah,I got it. Meet me at the rendezvous. Hey,are we gonna do this or are you gonna lurkin the shadows all night? Just being careful. After all,I'm not as fast as you. Clark. I was,uh,just thinking about you. You got a funny wayof showing it. I've left youhalf a dozen messages. I'm sorry. I've been preoccupied. Helping that doctorfrom belle reve get out of jail. Clark,my involvementwith belle reve is past history. But it appearsthat you still have a very active interestin breaking into luthorcorp. Where was this taken? Mexico - the luthorcorpprocessing plant. If you're going to continueplaying games like this, you should be more careful. This isn't me. No? Who is it,then? God,mrs. K,thank you so much. This was so good. Where do you put it all? You eat more than clark,and he's twice your size. Yeah,well,you know,I burn a lot of calories. Well,there's plenty morein the fridge. I have to runto a meeting. Would you mindcleaning up? Yeah,anything for you,mrs. K. It's niceto have you here,bart. I hope you stay longerthis time. Hey,what's up,man?You just missed a killer spread. You can cut the act. I know about luthorcorp and the break-ins by somebodywho's as fast as me. Yeah. Faster,actually. You know what's funny? I actually believed your storyabout how I changed your life. Look,it's not a story,clark,okay? Really,I'm not the same guy. You stole from lex before. You're stealing from him again. What's the difference? It's just - ugh! -It's complicated. I'm a smart guy. Explain it to me. I can'T. Why not?I thought we were amigos. We are. Then tell me why you're stealingfrom luthorcorp. I JUST  I CAN't I'll find outfor myself,then. Look,I'm sorry I can't tell youall my secrets,clark. Okay? I thought a guy like youwould understand. I know it's justa vacation,but - what? Vacation?No,vacation is palm springs. Monte carlois a fairy tale. Yeah,hopefullywithout prince charming having a disappearing actevery five minutes. Um,I think you'll be keepinghis full attention,lois. Yeah,you know,I'd better. It's not like I govictoria's secret for anybody. What do you think? Should I have gone with the blk lace? No. Something tells me greenis definitely his color. Hey,chloe. God. Smallville. Learn how to knock. What if I'd been naked? Lois is jetting offto monte carlo with oliver. Oliver? I'll send you a postcardif I'm not too busy. No,lois,you should,um... get a couple new bikinis. Good idea. Thanks,smallville. Maybe it wasn'tsuch a good idea to help oliverkeep his secret from her. What,that he's the green arrow? No offense,but you weren'texactly honest with lana about your secret,either. Look how that ended up. Maybe all keeping secretsdoes sometimes is force you to lieto the people you care about. Are we stilltalking about oliver? The guy who saved youat the planet - he didn't exactly get away. It's bart. What? Wait a minute. Bart can superspeed,too? He's actually a lot fasterthan I am. That's the truth. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. It's fine. You were protecting him. It's okay. I mean,if anyone gets it,it's me. But why are yououting him now? I think he's headed for trouble,and I need to find him. Can you gps his cellphone? Yeah,I can try. Do you have his number? He broke into a luthorcorp plantdown in mexico. Now I think lexis on to him. If he tries to break intoanother facility... no good. His phone must be off. What about call history?Can you pull up a record? Legally?Absolutely not. There's over a dozen callsto that number in the last 24 hours. Let's see who's onthe other end. Artemis global consortium?Never heard of them. It's as subsidiaryof J.L. International, which is a satellitecompany currently orbiting... queen industries? It's oliver. He's using bartto attack luthorcorp. I'm in. Not so fast now,are you? Oliver. Look,clark,whatever's gotyour tighty whities in a bunch, now is not the time. Where's bart?I saw his phone records. I know he's working for you. Not for me. Working with me. There's a difference. It's not gonna matter whenhe ends up in jail or worse. Yeah,you don't knowwhat you're talking about. I know how muchyou hate lex. Is that whyyou recruited bart - to help withyour little vendetta? No. To stop 33.1. You know about 33.1? Why didn't you tell mewhat you were up to? Clark,do you check in with me every time you run offto save the world? Oh,that's right. For a second there,I forgot. You like to wait for troubleto show up on your doorstep. That's not true. Then why haven't you doneanything to stop 33.1? I was busywith another problem. What could be more urgentthan lex luthor developing an armyof superfreaks,clark? That's what he's doing. He's starting a war. What have you found out? Not enough. Last nightbart infiltrated a place that was supposed to housethe mainframe for 33.1. That's the last timeI heard from him. So I reconnedthe target this morning. The placehad been stripped clean. Everything's gone. The whole thingwas a setup. Lex has bart. We have to find him. - My team's already on it. - Your team? Not everybodyflies solo,kent. Morning,sunshine. I know you. You've stolen from mebefore. I want a lawyer. And I want a ponytail. Disappointment abounds. Who do you work for? What you see is what you get,there,goldilocks. You're a low-level thief. Swiping corporate dataisn't your style. Now,tell mewho you're working for, and this won't have to getunpleasant. All right. All right. I work for a guycalled mr. Kiss-my-butt. Would you like meto introduce you? The floor of your cellhas been outfitted with pressure platesdesigned to track movement. Stop in one placefor even a millisecond after I activate them, and you fry. Last chance. Well,maybe you'll feelmore talkative when you get tiredof running. Aah! A.C.,Checkthe luthorcorp manifests. Gotcha. How long have you guysbeen working together? I joined upabout six months ago. Ollie and bart had alreadybeen doing their thing. What about your girlfriend -katherine? Dude,don't even go there. She gave it her best shot. But with all this hardwarein me... I'm sorry,victor. Ollie found me. I was living on the streets. He gave me a warm meal,roof over my head... and a reason to go on living. Did he just saysomething nice about me? Maybe he's startingto rust. A.C.,How'd you fallinto all this? I got into a little troublesinking a whaler off the coast of japan. A little trouble? That'swhat you're gonna go with? Ollie had to save your scalybutt from getting filleted. I would have gottenout of it. Before or after they packed youinto a thousand little tin cans? Well,at least he wouldhave been dolphin-safe. Fish jokes. That's all I ever getare fish jokes. So how's lois doing,man?Is she all right? I think you'd have to askyour boss. Now is not the time. We need to focuson locating bart. And how exactly did you get himinvolved in this? He's never beenmuch of a team player. Looks like you two havesomething in common,huh? Actually,I was out on patrolin star city one night, and I came across bart. He was helping himselfto a free meal. I could tell he was a good kid,you know? He just neededa little direction, so I offered him a job. Look where that got him. I underestimated lex. It won't happen again. I've compiled a listof all luthorcorp holdings within a 100-mile radius. Bart could be heldin any one of those facilities. That's a lot of real estateto cover. I think I know someonewho can help us narrow it down. Victor stone and arthur curryare working for him,too? Yeah,oliver's been busy. Is there anythingin your luthorcorp intel that can help us find outwhere bart's being held? I don't know. Uh... wait. When I had my feelers outfor dr. Casselli, I managed to shake loosesome internal documents. In the last few days, there's been a flurryof equipment transfers to the ridge facilitieson the outskirts of metropolis. Doesn't luthorcorpmove equipment all the time? This isn't just a coupleof forklifts,clark. Half a ton of lead shielding,electrical pressure plates, more than $20 millionworth of equipment to measure high-velocityparticles. Bart. Take everythingand bring it to oliver. Me? Clark - I can get to the ridgefaster myself. I can't let anythinghappen to bart. Mr. Queen,it's chloe sullivan. Clark sent me. Where's clark? He went to rescue bart. He told you about bart? We trust each other.Clark tells me everything - well,almost everything. I did have to figure out about your green-leather fetishon my lonesome. Don't worry. I didn't say anything to lois. Although,you mightwant to consider - hey,let's just stick tothe main plot,there,sidekick. So,what do you got? Hopefully a solid leadon bart. Where are victor and A.C.? Guess we're not that good at the whole "secret" partof this yet. Yeah,but you're great atgetting caught by the villain. Anyway,I think bart'sbeing held at a placecalled the ridge facility. That's down by the docks. It's on our listof possible 33.1 targets. All right,boys. You know the drill. Let's gear up and get out. Oh,no. What now? Lead shielding. This isn't just for bart. I think the ridge facility'sbeing used to refine meteor rock. Clark's in trouble. restricted Green arrow to watchtower. We're in position. Okay,there should be a securityaccess panel near the east door. According to this schematic, you need to very carefullyrewire the sys- or... I could just jack in andshut the whole perimeter down. You can do that? Queen industries upgrade. Accessingperimeter security. Perimeter neutralized. Aquaman,you're up. Perimeter breached. Proceeding to target. You'd make one hellof a can opener. You'd look good on a bag of green beans. All right,we're in. Which way? The refinement vault's100 meters southwest. Still no word from clark. If he's in there,we'll get him out. Let's go. You've gota different mission. You're the boss,robin hood. What mission?What are you doing? Watchtower to green arrow. What's your status? Switchingto silent running. Stand byfor instructions. Aquaman,do your thing. Hey. You're not supposed to be here. Neither am I. Come on. - I'm all right. - You sure? Green arrow to watchtower. Boy scout'sout of the woods. Boy scout? If you hadn't ran off,you couldhave picked your code name. You don't want to playfor the team,that's fine. Point taken. Where's bart? "Impulse. " He didn't get to pickhis own code name either. Watchtower will guide you towhere he's probably being held. What are yougonna be doing? What I do best. Watchtower to boy scout. Let's find impulse. Cyborg to aquaman. Where the hell are you,fish stick? Dude,what took you so long? Nice. But,please,put a shirt on. I swim fasterwhen I'm naked. I bet you do. You're lucky I still gotmy pants on. Impulse located. Bart,you okay? Muy bueno,amigo. I don't care. I want a level-one lockdown. No one gets in or out. Little late for that. You got 10 minutesto clear your people out of here before I blow this placeoff the map. You. You remember. I'm touched. Well,it's a little hardto forget. Last time we met,you put an arrow in my chest. You put a bullet in mine. Bygones? Go to hell. You first. Can you superspeed? Yeah,I just - I need a minuteto catch my breath. You know what? You're gonnahave to catch it later. Aquaman,cyborg,rendezvous alpha confirmed. We're on the move. Watchtower,have all luthor'speople cleared the building? The last heat signaturesare moving away from the north. Wait a second. What are you doing? What do you thinkI'm doing? You want more of your friendsto end up in here? Yeah,I'm voting noon that one. Watchtower,are you sureeveryone's out of the building? 100% positive. All right. Let's do it. have the jet fueledand ready. I want to be in the airas soon as possible. Hey. I hope your bird's gotsome serious lift, 'cause this thingweighs a ton. Aren't you packed yet? Where's your stuff? Lois,um... don't even think about sayingwhat I think you're gonna say. I'm sorry. I,um,I have to go awayon business. Postpone it. It's not that simple. Nothing with you ever is. You're like two completelydifferent people. There's the charming,romantic guy that I fell in love with, and then there'sthis other guy who can't stick aroundin one place long enoughto see what he's missing. Ever sincemy parents died... ...I've jumped aroundfrom city to city, from continentto continent. And... in all those years... ...not once have I regrettedleaving anyone. But then I met you. Then stay. I can'T. Because there are more importantthings in this world than what I want... and what I love. I hope somedayI can explain why. Don't expect meto be waiting around for that when you get back. I'm not coming back,lois. At least not anytime soon. I'm sorry. I never wanted to hurt you. Well,you finally got aroundto it anyway,didn't you? This is the... the moment,right? The moment that I'm gonna regretfor the rest of my life, isn't it? Yes. I loved you. Bart allen - gone. He escaped. A multimillion-dollarinstallation destroyed. 33.1 irrevocablycompromised. But,son,at least you found out the jolly green archerand his extraordinary cohorts - they're not yourrun-of-the-mill adversaries. Which is exactly whywe have to continue with 33.1. If terroristslike green arrow are recruiting peoplewith abilities, the only way to protect freedomand democracy is to fight firewith fire. Freedom and democracy? Well,I hadn't realizedyour goals were quite so lofty. Well,there's a lotthat escapes your attention in your declining years,dad, but not mine. The security footage from the ridge facilitywas destroyed. However,several guards describeone of green arrow's men as someone that soundedremarkably like clark kent. Clark. Impossible. A word that always seems to popup when talking about him, doesn't it? Lex,it was not clark. How can you be so sure? Because I was having dinnerwith him last night when all this happened. Martha made pot roast with new potatoesand tiny little baby carrots. It was delicious. Clark had three helpings. Don't worry,son. You still haveplenty of enemies out there plotting your downfall. Okay. Thanks. So the daily planetis running with the story that a gas explosion destroyedthe vacant luthorcorp building down by the docks. Vacant? Looks like the luthor cover-upmachine is in full swing. Well,at leastwe got bart out before lex ran himinto an early grave. Come on. No worries. I had plenty of juice left. Could have fooled me, the way you cleaned outmama kent's fridge. That's 'cause I like to stayfueled up. Just in case I need to,uh,spring into action. I still have a boyfriend. Yeah. Well,a man can dream,can't he? Now you knowwhy we call him impulse. Impulse,cyborg,aquaman,green arrow. What do you guys callyour team? I don't know. I've been thinkingthat we need something cool. We need something like -like - I was thinking about somethingwith the word "justice" in it. After all,that's what lexis gonna get a big dose of. Victor and A.C. Were able tohack into the 33.1 mainframe before we blewthe building. That wasyour other mission. Haven't met the computer yetI couldn't crack wide open. What did you guysfind out? That lex isn't satisfied playingin his own backyard anymore. Luthorcorp is starting updivisions of 33.1 all across the globe. Wherever there's evidenceof people with abilities, there'll be laboratoriesto do experiments on them. We can't let that happen. We won'T. Gentlemen,our first target is a large facilityon the island of corto maltese. You guys know the drill. Wheels up in 30 minutes. Get your gear. You coming,amigo? Yeah,you got to comewith us,man. We could usethe big guns. They're right,you know - you'dbe a major asset to the team. I want to be a part of this,guys. I really do. But... that problem I told you about -the one that I caused - I have to take careof that first. This isn't the endof the story,clark. This is just the beginning. Chloe. Come on,boys. Let's go save the world. You know,you have some prettyamazing friends,clark kent. Yeah. I do. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-cflily