Apparently, there's enough acid in them to act as a battery. How very Survivor of you. What are you gonna call it, a Clockwork Orange? Don't you wish you were the first one to say that? - Sure, you can use our outlet. - Thanks. What's up with that guy? His name is Cyrus Krupp. He transferred in a couple of weeks ago. They asked me to give him the new-student tour, but he said he wouldn't be here long. Maybe that's why he's trying so hard to win friends and influence people. - Bye. - Bye. What are you doing, man? Hey, what are you doing? Hey, freak, why don't you jack in somewhere else? Give me those. Check it out, man. Loser's listening to a dial tone. You don't have the capacity to comprehend that sound. You calling me stupid? Let's just say you're not one of mankind's brightest lights. - Hey! Don't damage my transmitter! - Don't damage his transmitter! The transmitter! Guys, why don't you just leave him alone. - Stay out of it, Kent. - Yeah, back off, Kent. I don't want to hurt you, Kyle. Just give my transmitter back. - Get out of here, freak. - I'm warning you. - Yeah. - Yeah! Oh, yeah. - Oh, now he's crying. - Oh, yeah. - That's right. Go home to Mama. - Bye. - Who's crying now? - Don't damage the transmitter. Now, leave me alone! Hey. Tyson, haven't seen you in a long time. I finally got some time off from the Talon, I thought I'd take him out for a good run. He hasn't been out much since Whitney. Chloe told me what happened at the electronics lab. Pretty wild. It was definitely weird. It's like Cyrus is in his own world. Takes teenage alienation to a whole new level. Well, we all have our ways of escaping from our lives. I ride, Chloe writes and you... You do incredibly strenuous farm chores by yourself. Well, I guess you know my deepest and darkest secret now. - Whoa, boy. - He's been doing that a lot lately. - Thought some air would do him good. - Did you call the vet? Yeah, he doesn't know what's wrong with him. Chalked it up to old age. Whitney's mom wants to sell him. She can't afford to stable him anymore. Why don't you board him here? Would your parents be okay with it? I don't see why not. It is a farm, after all. Thanks. - Why didn't you tell me about it? - I thought I bought every copy in Smallville. Helen, I've been living with this kind of thing my whole life. I'm sorry they've come after you too. I was trying to protect you. You can't, Lex. It's not just the paper. I mean, people have been treating me differently ever since I started dating you. I've sacrificed so much to get where I am. And now your reputation is being trashed by rumor and innuendo? - Is that why you haven't moved in? - I already told you... ...my lease isn't up yet, and I haven't had time to pack. Okay. I'll pay to break your lease... ...and I'll have movers at your place in an hour. What's stopping you now? I need to do this on my own schedule. I want you to know that I completely believe in us... ...but if you want to back out... ...I'll understand. Can you make it two hours? Hey, Kent. I know your secret. Lana told me you're boarding Whitney's horse. Oh, yeah, that. Right. - You made her year, you know. - Well, Tyson's really important to her. She didn't want another part of her past just taken away. And she'll be here every day. Just like old times. There's nothing romantic about mucking out horse stalls. Clark. - I see the electronics lab is still closed. - The fire marshals are investigating... ...Cyrus' pyrotechnics. Did you know Principal Reynolds suspended him and he confiscated his science project? Do you have any idea how he did it? Could have been a trick. Or it could be meteor-rock inspired. Or he could be an alien. - Alien? Why would you say that? - Rumors from his old school. He went to junior high in Grandville and told some kids there he was extraterrestrial. Needless to say, they sent him to a distant corner in the social galaxy. - He didn't do anything super, did he? - Like start fire with his eyes? But he did make it a habit of running away. Last time, cops found him in a field, naked. Cyrus was pointing to the sky saying, "They're coming to take me home." That incident landed him in the mental institution. You don't think he's really an alien, do you? No. But wouldn't it be awesome if he was, though? - Yeah, it'd be the story of the century. - This isn't about Pulitzers, Clark. I mean, can you imagine being from another planet? The experiences you could share? - It wouldn't freak you out? - Oh, compared to most people... ...I think aliens would be a step up. Cyrus. What are you doing here, Clark? I heard about your suspension, wanted to make sure you were okay. High school is irrelevant. Just gives me more time to concentrate on my work. - Where's your parents? - Foster parents. They work late. They don't bother me as long as they get their monthly check. Is this interrogation over? I heard about the rumor from your old school. That I'm an alien. You've come to see if it's true. I have an open mind. If I showed you any of my other special powers, would that appease you? Go away, Clark. You're like all the others. I won't be ridiculed by your kind anymore. I'm not here to make fun of you. Or to get you in trouble. - Then what do you want? - The truth. I promise I won't tell anyone. I input these coordinates into my transmitter, send a signal to my planet. - How do you know they're correct? - I used to have these weird dreams. That's when they were given to me. Afterwards, I'd wake up in strange places. Frightened my old foster parents. They had me locked away eventually. Can't imagine any other race being as barbaric as humans. - Why, what'd they do to you? - Tried to make me believe I was crazy. That I was really one of you. Cyrus, I want to believe you. What kind of proof do you have? Whatever proof I had was destroyed the day of the meteor shower. That's when I arrived on Earth. An elderly couple found me on the outskirts of town and raised me. After they died, I bounced around between foster parents... ...but I kept trying to get back here. - Why? Smallville's ground zero for the signal. I have to be here so my real parents can take me home. Martha? Martha, you down here...? Sweetheart, is anything wrong? I'm just thinking of Clark traveling millions of miles through space. How the ship protected him, and what it did for me. The ship has given us two miracles. I hope you're right. Martha, what is it? I'm not sure. I'm... I'm scared. I'm having these terrible headaches and mood swings... ...and my sleeping patterns are all upside-down. Dr. Baker said that you're perfectly healthy... ...and that your pregnancy's absolutely normal. Except for the way I was able to conceive. I want Helen Bryce to examine me, just to make sure. - No. - I trust her. She's seen Clark's blood. She knows that something brought me back... ...and she hasn't sent anybody knocking at our door for answers. Dr. Helen Bryce is intimately involved with Lex Luthor. If you need a second opinion, get it from any other doctor but Helen Bryce. Why not? Because I don't want our family secrets becoming pillow talk. I never figured you for having an identity crisis, Clark. - It's for a friend. - Haven't heard that one before. What's your friend's problem, Napoleon or messiah complex? Actually, he thinks he's an alien. So that proves he isn't. Clark, if you were really an alien, would you tell people about it? Probably not. Let me guess. Your friend, he's a little odd. Spends a lot of time alone, thinks no one understands him. I just described myself in high school. It's a classic outsider profile. I'd say he's just trying to get attention. You believe there are aliens among us, Clark? - I just want to help him. - Give me his name. I'll talk to some people. I promised to keep it private. He's trying to avoid any more doctors. By the way, I have to congratulate you. Offering to board Whitney's horse? That was a masterful stroke. I didn't do anything. She needed a place for her horse and I offered. So did I. But she turned me down. Told her she could keep him in the mansion stables, free of charge. Guess she was holding out for the right offer. Clark. - Dad, what's going on? - I don't know, son. We got Tyson out of the trailer, Lana was walking him and he collapsed. She's pretty upset. Why don't you stay with her, I'll call the vet. - Not feeling too good? - I've seen him sick before, but not this bad. There's help on the way. I can't lose Tyson too. He's gonna be fine, Lana, he's a fighter. Just like his owner. How could you betray me? You told that Chloe girl my secret. She wants to interview me. - What? - They'll send me to another shrink. - They could lock me away again. - This is not the time nor place for this. I never should have trusted you. Clark. - What's wrong with him? - We don't know, the vet's on the way. It's okay. You don't need all these people poking and prodding you, boy. I'll make you better. Hey. Hey. - I don't know why you're so skeptical. - It's hard to believe that that kid... ...could heal a horse by touching it. It sounds like an old revival-meeting story. The vet couldn't believe it, but he said Tyson's healthy. Cyrus wouldn't be the first in Smallville with abilities. Except I don't think he's from Smallville. Look, this is gonna sound crazy and I didn't believe it myself at first, but I'm starting to. I think there's a very strong possibility that Cyrus is from Krypton. Why would you think that? - He said he was. - He said he was from Krypton? Well, he didn't use the name, but I didn't know it until Dr. Swann told me. But he said he came to Earth during the meteor shower. And there's more. Yesterday I saw him start a fire with heat from his eyes. What about strength or speed? - No, but... - Clark. Son, we know you want to believe this, but you don't even have the ability to heal. That doesn't prove anything. I didn't get heat vision till last year. Maybe we'll develop the same abilities. Or maybe people on Krypton don't have the same abilities at all. We don't know for sure, we've never met anyone else from there. Dr. Swann said you were the last survivor of your planet. What if Dr. Swann is wrong? Look, don't you see? If I'm right, this means I'm not alone anymore. Can I help you, ma'am? - I was looking for the solarium. - That's in the south wing. I'll escort you. You know, Lex gave me this master key. It's supposed to open every door in the mansion, but I can't open that one. That room is strictly off-limits. The only person with a key is Mr. Luthor. Shall we? Hey, Kent, where's your little buddy? You tell him payback's gonna suck. - Magic. - What? That was how Cyrus started the fire. The fire marshals found strips of magnesium powder hidden behind the blackboard. All Cyrus had to do was wait for the right moment, hit the detonator... ...and before you can say "presto," instant inferno. - I didn't see him use a detonator. - But illusion is the art of misdirection, Clark. Trust me, this kid is more David Blaine than he is Wall of Weird. Well, that still doesn't explain how he cured Tyson. Yeah, I haven't figured that one out yet. But I'd bet that he faked that one too somehow. - No, I was there. It was real. - Well, I'm not discounting the possibility... ...that he may have some magic healing power. But if he does, it's probably a byproduct of meteorite poisoning. He is no more extraterrestrial than you are. When I saw your name on the chart, I thought there was a mistake. I haven't had a new patient since the Inquisitor hit the stands. People can be small-minded. I hope things work out for you. Thank you, Mrs. Kent. So... According to the charts your OB sent over... ...your pregnancy's been smooth sailing so far. I don't know about that. Whatever we talk about is confidential, right? - Of course. - You won't tell anyone? Not even significant others? - You're worried I'll tell Lex? - Jonathan. He doesn't know I'm here. I can assure you, everything in this office stays between you and me. Mrs. Kent, does this have anything to do with Clark's unusual blood work... ...or your miraculous recovery? Because I'll be honest with you. I still don't understand what I saw that day. Martha... ...if you really want me to help, you've gotta be completely honest with me. For your safety. And the baby's. Cyrus. Lex? - What are you doing here? - I've always wanted to meet an alien. When I heard what happened with Lana's horse... ...I realized this Cyrus must be the friend you mentioned. - You said he was fantasizing. - After what we found in the cave... ...I try and keep an open mind. Take a look at this. See, I've always had a theory that the meteor shower... ...would have been a perfect cover for an alien spacecraft to land on Earth. Anyway, looks like we both wasted a trip. You want a ride? No, I think I'll stay and wait. Tell your friend I'd like to buy him a latte sometime. See you later, Clark. I don't trust your friend. I know you faked the fire, Cyrus. I don't deny it. Kyle and his intelligence-challenged comrades... ...have harassed me since I got here. - Why didn't you use your powers? - I only have the power to heal, not to harm. - You still claim that you cured that horse? Believe whatever you want. Did you draw these? That's how I got to Earth. Where's the spaceship? I don't know. But you remember coming here. Remember those dreams I told you about? I dream about my parents too. And what it'll be like the day I go home. I believe you, Cyrus. You do? That makes you the first person who doesn't think I'm crazy. Wow, you built this? What is it? My transmission tower. How does it work? At the appointed time, I'll send a signal and my parents will come. They'll transport me up to their ship, and then they'll take me home. I can see how this would be a little difficult to explain to a group of psychiatrists. I wish that were my only problem. I'm supposed to send a signal at midnight tomorrow... ...but I don't have my transmitter. After the incident in the electronics lab, Reynolds confiscated it. - Can't you build another one? - There isn't time. The conditions necessary for my departure only occur once every 200 years. If I don't get that transmitter back, I'll never get home. Please. Help me. What are you losers doing? If I were you, I'd get back in my truck and go home. Now! - Take it easy, Cyrus. - Lf you don't leave us alone, you'll regret it. Save it, reject. We know how you faked that fire to make us look like morons. They're all laughing at us, so we'll kick your ass. Yeah, that's right. This time you didn't have a chance to set up one of your little tricks, did you? I'm warning you, Kyle. Leave me alone. - My truck! - What's going on? Come on, let's get out of here! I warned you, now leave! - Way to go, Cyrus, you did it. - No, I didn't, Clark. - You did. - That's crazy. Now I know why you've been helping me, why you believe me. Cyrus, I don't know what you're talking about. You're an alien too. I can't believe Cyrus knows your secret. What was I supposed to do, Pete? Beat up those guys? Grab Cyrus and run away at 1000 miles an hour? I didn't have much of a choice. - Well, have you told your parents yet? - No. - They'd just freak out. - And they'd have a right to. I mean, how long until Cyrus tells somebody? It's not like he's exactly stable. - He's not gonna tell anyone. - Clark, how do you know that? Look at this. The coordinates that Cyrus gave me... ...are for the same solar system as Krypton. Clark, dozens of astronomers have written about the meteor showers. - He could have used their research. - First the drawings of the ship, now this? It's too much of a coincidence. Maybe my parents weren't alone in saving their child. If you wanna know, I could take him a piece of meteor rock. - No, it's called Kryptonite. - Kryptonite. - Is that with a C or a K? - Clark, are you up there? K. Cyrus was at the Talon when Child Protective Services took him. - What? - His foster parents couldn't handle him... ...so they're sending him to the Smallville Medical Center for assessment. Clark. I don't want to be locked up again. You don't know what it's like. - The doctors. The tests. - What can I do? If I'm not on that tower at midnight... ...I'm gonna be stranded on this world forever. You gotta get out of here. Clark. - Come with me. - What are you talking about? You're not meant for this Earth any more than I am. I'll take you back to your real home. This is my real home. Everything I care about is on Earth. Good luck, Cyrus. You give me hope for this world, Clark. I wish there were more people like you here. I'll send you a postcard. Lex, we need to have a talk. Is this a closet-space issue? Because I could use the walk-in across the hall. When you asked me to move in, you gave me a key to open every door in the house. All except one. - You've been exploring. - At first I thought I could deal with it... ...but then the more I think about it, the more it starts to bother me. There's nothing of consequence in that room. - Then why is it locked? - Look... ...everyone needs a place where they can be alone. Hear their own thoughts. That's all that room is for me. You are welcome to make your own space anywhere else in the mansion. I wasn't looking for a roommate. I want someone to share my life with. You know, you need to figure out what kind of a relationship you want. Because if this is gonna work, there can't be any locked doors between us. Hey, Clark. Cyrus escaped from the medical center. The Child Protective Services and the sheriff are searching for him everywhere. Take a look at this. - Who are these people? - John and Maggie Burnet... ...and their son, William. They disappeared the day of the meteor shower. Rescue workers suspected they were vaporized when their farmhouse was hit. - But no remains were ever found. - Lf the son survived... ...he'd be too young to remember. The older couple that adopted Cyrus... ...lived half a mile away from the Burnet house. - What are you saying? - What we're saying is, Cyrus is not an alien. He's an orphan. - Let him know. - Yeah, man! Come on! - Take it down, baby! - Where you going, firestarter? You'd better get off there, because this thing is coming down! What are you gonna do, fly away? Let's teach this freak a lesson he won't forget. Come on, space boy! - Yeah, Kyle, take it down! - Come on, buddy! Down! Bring him down! No! Stop! You can't do this! Stop! No! Not now! You'll ruin everything! Do it! No! Faster! Come on! Stop, please! No! Go! Go! Go! I gotta get up there. My parents are coming. Your parents died. In the meteor shower. That's ridiculous, my parents aren't human. Hey, I think his neck's broken. Cyrus, you can save him. They're here. I can't, I'll be stranded on this world forever. - You have the power to heal. - Why do you care about them? Cyrus, don't let him die. We both know you're better than that. Come on! I missed it. I missed it. Cyrus. Cyrus. This is the Kansas State Police. If you require assistance, please stay where you are. Emergency vehicles have been dispatched and will arrive shortly. Clark. Clark! The doctors say that Cyrus had a complete mental breakdown. His body's there but his mind is gone. They don't know if he'll recover. They transferred him to a special hospital in Metropolis. Son... ...how do you think Cyrus was able to draw your ship? His house was near where you guys found me. My guess, he was outside and saw the ship land. Memories stayed with him and over time he thought that past was his own. We know how much you wanted to believe... ...that there could be somebody else out there like you. What is it, Clark? Why would Cyrus pass up what he believed was his only opportunity to go home... ...to save Kyle, the school bully? Because he was a lot more like you than we ever thought. What is all this? Montaigne said... ...obsession was the wellspring of genius and madness. This is my obsession. I'm sure you can understand my reluctance to show you this room. I thought you might decide I was a little eccentric. There's a lot here about the Kents. Yeah. They're an interesting family. Don't you think? Hey. Whatever Cyrus did to Tyson wasn't temporary. It's like he's a colt again. Well, I'm glad some good came out of all this. Yeah, Cyrus seemed really Ionely. Lana, what if Cyrus really could have proven he was an alien? What do you mean? I mean, how would you feel about him if he actually was from another planet? Well... I guess I'd try and keep an open mind. You'd never feel completely comfortable with him, would you? Have to admit, I'd be a little freaked out. Does that make me a bad person? No. Just honest. Clark, look. Think it's a spaceship? It's just a shooting star. Subtitle by: