I'm taking you home. I don't care what he's done to you. You're not taking me anywhere. Clark! You don't realize how dangerous you are when you're wearing that ring. It's not the ring. I was born that way. You just can't accept it. What in the hell did Jor-El do to you, Clark? He made sure I'd never forget who my real father is. Go on. Do it. If I could raise a son that could kill, then kill! Dad. Dad? Dad. Clark. Dad. -Clark. -Mom. Oh, Clark! Mom. I am so sorry, Mom, for everything. For the baby-- We never blamed you. -Oh, my God! -Dad. -What happened? -Whatever Jor-El did... ...must've been too much for his body to handle. The important thing is that Clark is back home with us now. Abraham threw lsaac on the pyre to prove his faith to God. What was your excuse? Lex? Son. Disappointed I'm not basking in the fires of hell? Lex... ...put the gun down. Sorry I screwed up your plan. Why would I murder my own flesh and blood? Son... -...you're not yourself. -I'm feeling more like myself than ever. What the hell did you do with Helen? She's living very comfortably in your mansion. Why don't you ask her. -She's alive? -Yes. And she told a truly harrowing tale of survival... ...that left you quite the posthumous hero. She said the pilot took your money and bailed out. -Lex, we're going down! -There must be parachutes! There's only one. Come on! I'm not going without you! Count to three and pull. They'll send a rescue plane for you. Lex. I love you. Now, go. Quite a story, don't you think? A sacrificial death that would make any father proud. But something tells me that's not what really happened, Lex. -I warned you not to trust her, Lex. -Don't turn this on Helen! You had my name carved into a tombstone! I had search parties scouring half the world for you. Looks like you picked the wrong half. What would I have to gain from your death? Lex. As your widow, Helen just became one of the richest women in the world. Helen never cared about the money. Oh, but she did, Lex. Ask her what happened to the vial with the blood sample after you returned it to her. Dad, I just don't get it. Why would Jor-El help bring me back... ...when he's the one who wanted me to leave? You made a deal with him, didn't you? Clark... ...the most important thing right now is that my son has his life back. I'm not sure I want it back. And being Kal-El, I could just do whatever I wanted. It was like this huge weight had been lifted off me. Look, I'm not saying that staying is gonna solve all your problems... ...but at least this way we can face it together as a family. I wish it were that easy. What is that? I don't know. This guy, Morgan Edge, hired me to steal it. -Clark, you gotta take this thing back. -Dad... ...I stole it from Lionel Luthor. We better find out exactly what it is we're dealing with. That's my blood, isn't it? It's your blood. Do you think Lionel knows? Helen told me she never labeled it before somebody stole it from her office. Why would Lionel want my blood? It doesn't matter now. I'm starting to wonder what he really knows about me. We've managed to stay one step ahead of Lionel Luthor so far. Why don't you just focus on people closer to home, okay? I like Scotch. -What's this? -It's our old special. A Suicide. I hope your tastes haven't changed. Nothing ever changes, Lionel. Not even when you dress it up in a designer suit or a penthouse office. Yeah, it's sad the same thing can't be said about friendship. I kind of suspected you had an inside contact, but I gotta hand it to you. Very creative. Buying off my daughter-in-law... ...that's even low for you, Morgan. Oh, well. All right, all right, let me guess, let me guess. The idea was to steal the vial and sell it back to me... ...at a healthy markup, right? What are you gonna do, have me charged with breaking and entering? Why settle for breaking and entering? I can have you put away for good. I'd be careful, Lionel. -You've got a lot further to fall. -Yeah. But I'm the one who's got the evidence. And remember, the statute of limitations on murder never runs out. You got 24 hours to get that vial back to me. -Hi. -Hi? I don't even know what to say to that, Clark. I'm sorry... ...for the way I acted in Metropolis. I really messed things up. I keep telling myself that it wasn't you. But... ...then I think back on all the things that have happened, and I realize... ...that I don't know who you really are. I know you need an explanation. No, I don't. You warned me there were things about you that I wouldn't understand. I guess I just didn't want to believe it. I was protecting you. From what? That's the part I can't figure out, because, Clark... ...the only thing that keeps hurting me is you. After everything you said before you left... ...did you even miss me? I missed you every second. But I can't keep doing this to you. Then don't. Lana, I'm not sure if I'm even gonna stay. Well, when you decide, let me know. Home sweet home. Lex. Oh, thank God! Trust me, I've done that already. He seems to be the only one on my side lately. But the rescue, it was called off. How...? Small fishing boat spotted the smoke from my fire. I never gave up hoping. Just in case, it was certainly generous of you to make me out to be a hero. I'm so sorry, Lex. I shouldn't have lied to everyone. -So why did you? -I just couldn't face... ...what really happened up there. I woke up to find the pilot parachuting from the plane... ...just like I told everyone. I couldn 't wake you. Lex! Lex! I realized you drank a whole glass of champagne... ...and I only had a sip. We must've been drugged. The plane was going down, and I panicked. You always think that you're gonna be brave in a situation like that... ...but when it really happens, I guess, your survival instincts kick in. Survival of the fittest. I guess you really are a Luthor now. You don't believe me? I know you worked for my father. After I gave you the blood back and apologized... ...you turned around and sold it to him. Your father said if I gave him the blood, he'd leave us alone forever. He's playing us against each other. We seem to do a good job of that on our own. If you want to annul this marriage, I'll get out of your life. But for what it's worth... ...I do love you. I must admit, this is the last place I expected you to show up. How'd you find me? -Where's my package? -I don't have it. I wonder if the cops want to know where you are. I don't think you heard me! The package is gone! Luthor doesn't know who took it, so forget about it! Take your hands off of him right now! I said, now! Take your sorry ass down the road back to Metropolis. I don't want to see you in Smallville again. Ever. Kind of far from your new hood, aren't you, Clark? I just came to say thank you. Oh, it's one of those days. Because I can never tell with you whether it's gonna be an apology or an accusation. Chloe, I gave you absolutely no reason to stand by me. But you knew where I was all summer and didn't tell. Yeah, well, that's what friends do for each other, Clark. Talk to Lana yet? I tried. That's it? After two years of nonstop Lana-lusting, that's the best you can do? Come on. I think it's for the best. You're not staying, are you? I haven't made up my mind yet. You can't keep running away, Clark. We all do things we regret. Sometimes you have to stop and face your demons. Am I too early for the farm auction? Lex? Three months on a deserted island was almost worth it... ...to see the look on your face right now. Oh, man! Lex, we thought you died. Well, apparently, fate has bigger plans for me. I heard about the farm. Anything I can do? No, Lex, you know my dad. It's good to see you. What happened? Something I didn't know I was capable of. It's ironic. In the most remote solitude, I still manage to find an enemy. I suppose I was just hallucinating from malaria. But the enemy I found was real. I got a good look at myself. Or at least the part I've always tried to ignore. Lex, l-- I guess we all gotta take a look at our dark side sooner or later. The problem is, if you stare at it long enough... ...it can get hard to tell the two sides apart. Hey. -You can't keep avoiding me, Lana. -I'm not avoiding you. I worked late, and I ran errands this morning. At 5¡G30 in the morning? You want to cut the pretenses? Fine. You lied to me about Clark. Something we have in common, then. I have apologized to you 1 00 times for not telling you about Clark and me. You're right, and I'm over it. So let me say I'm sorry. We can call it even. Chloe, this is so much bigger than me. How could you let everyone worry? Because the more pressure I put on him, the more he pulled away. I mean, you saw him, Lana. He wasn't the charming flannel king we all know and love. It was like he was-- A different person. Yeah. Let's face it, Lana, Clark has more issues than Rolling Stone. Look, I know what I did was wrong. And as much as I hate to admit it... ...it felt really good being the person he confided in again. Clark's always been more comfortable talking to you. It's because he's not in love with me. That didn't take long. I thought I'd leave for a while, give you some space to think things over. Hey. I've had more than enough space the last few months. I'd rather share it with someone. I thought we can give the honeymoon a second try. You don't let go of things, Lex. I know you. Yes, you do. You and I understand each other because we're similar creatures. We've both done our share of maneuvering. In a twisted way, I guess that's why we're perfect for each other. I want to be with you, Lex. But you know your father will never leave us alone. Don't worry. I have a feeling he won't be interfering in our lives anymore. -Hey, Mom! Dad! -Yes, Kal. Didn't I tell you not to ever come back here? I wanted to meet the parents. Nice people. -Mom. -I wouldn't do that if I were you. Clark! Son. Don't do anything. It's okay. I know you're quick, but you can't get to both of them at the same time. I don't have what you're looking for. Do you want me to explain that to Lionel Luthor? -No, Clark-- -Wait! Stop. Clark! What the hell is this? It's what you're looking for. It better be. Extraordinary how the smell of creosote and algae... ...can take you back 30 years, isn't it? -A lot of memories buried here. -Yeah, where they belong. Don't tell me I've come all the way out here for nothing. Intriguing presentation. It's not the packaging that is important. -Unless you don't trust me. -Trust you? Trust has never had anything to do with our friendship. It's identical. Excellent. If I didn't know any better, I'd think the blood was liquid gold. I can't imagine what the real source would be worth to you. Unfortunately, the source is a mystery to me. My contact turned out to be, let's say, uncooperative. They were holding out on you. What if I were to tell you that this is not the sample I stole? I got this straight from the source. Jonathan! Yeah. Yes, sir. That was Edge. He wants us to bring the kid to him. Do you know where the Kents are? Move it! Lana. Please leave her out of this. Lana. To a second chance. You're not drinking? Well, I sort of lost my taste for champagne. Did you sleep well last night? The first good night's sleep I've had since the accident. I'm glad. Because it is our honeymoon, and I'd hate for you to doze off. You never know. You might wake up to find me gone. Lex, that's not funny. I guess you had to be there. You know what? I am gonna have a drink. What's going on? I was so relieved when you forgave me for stealing the blood... ...that I failed to realize no rational person would've done that. I did it because I love you. You still think I tried to kill you? Why can't you see what's right in front of your eyes? It was your father's plane. He's always been threatened by you. You're right. You see, I haven't been able to stop thinking about the accident. And there is something that's been right in front of my eyes. If my father wanted me dead, he wouldn't have failed. You're experiencing residual delusions. It's a common aftereffect of the malaria. I'm afraid I've been delusional a lot longer than three months. But I think I have a pretty clear picture of things now. You had my father's pilot killed and snuck your own on board. You had the pilot touch down on a small island and drop you off. You paid him a prearranged sum to take the plane up again with me still inside. He flew out far enough to cover your tracks... ...and then he took a little skydive. I'm guessing he had a pretty ugly surprise when he tried to open his parachute. Believe me, I prefer your version, where I'm the gallant hero... ... but that' s not giving you enough credit, is it? Lex, you're scaring me. The area where we crashed was unreachable... ...given the amount of fuel we started with. I checked all the islands in the vicinity. You touched down on St. Croix at 7:59 that night. You know what the most twisted part of all this is? Is the reason you didn't get a bullet in your head that day... ...was because I really did fall in love with you. But don't worry. I learn from my mistakes. Go ahead. I've become quite adept at cheating death. In fact, I have no doubt that I'll rise from the ashes again. I hate mysteries. -Or did you forget that? -You're gonna like this one. This had better be worth it, Morgan. We gotta get you out of here. You set me up! -You set me up! -Lionel, I don't know what happened! You set me up! There was nobody in that truck! There was nobody in that truck! Mr. Luthor, I gotta get you out of here. -Morgan. -Let's go, Mr. Luthor! I've gotta get you out of here! Where is he? Where's Morgan? Go! Well done, Lex. Well done. That was a Machiavellian maneuver worthy of a Luthor. I appreciate the kudos, but I don't know what you're talking about. Come on, Lex, do you think I'd neglect to put surveillance on my planes? Poor Helen. Should we be sending out a search party for her? I have someone on it. But if Helen survived, I doubt anyone will find her until she wants them to. You know, Lex, I never imagined that you would fall in love with Helen. I'm sorry it happened, son, but don't be too hard on yourself. You know the sick thing? Of all people, I knew you'd understand. I do. Survival is what matters in life. I know that now. If I was anybody's else son, I would've died on that island. All the tests you put me through... ...made me a survivor. If I can keep my pride in check, I know there's more to learn from you. I was hoping your offer still stands to run LuthorCorp together. I don't want you making a hasty decision, Lex. You've just been through an incredibly traumatic ordeal. No. I've learned to trust my instincts. Good to have you back. Son. It won't seem right calling any other place home. It's not the place that makes the home, Dad. Does that mean you're coming with us? I've kind of closed the door on my time in Metropolis. I called the police and told them where the money is that I stole. You can't run away from the problem when the real problem is in your blood. Hey. Clark, don't be so hard on yourself. Hi, Lex. You missed the garage sale. But we have tons of these macrame plant holders left. Thanks, Clark, but I'm actually doing my own share... ...of purging around the mansion. -You bought our farm? -I put your names in the deed. -We can't accept this. -Accept nothing but my gratitude. -Lex-- -After the plane went down... ...I made my way onto one of the broken wings. This compass, your wedding present... ...guided me to safe harbor. The least I can do is help you keep your farm. We will find a way to pay you back. I'm not worried about that, Mr. Kent. If it's not too presumptuous... ...I hope you'll just consider me part of the family. Hi, Lana. Glad your parents are getting a second chance. Yeah, I think I'll be earning every cent of my allowance this year. So you're staying? I think I wanna try to put all the stuff that happened in Metropolis behind me. Probably be a good idea if we put a lot of things behind us. I was just thinking that too. Clark, I know there are things about you that you try to shield me from... ...but you don't have to protect me anymore. Whatever it is, I can handle it. I really want to know you. Lana, the way you looked at me in Metropolis.... -You were disgusted. -No, I was confused. -You can't blame me for that. -I don't blame you. But I can't stand for you to ever look at me that way again. You weren't yourself. Yes, I was. Lana, I chose to let that part of me out, and it's always gonna be there. Trust me, you don't want to know me the way you think you do. Clark, that's my decision to make. Lana, I'm sorry. I wanted this so much. All last year, I tried so hard to be the right guy for you. But I'm not. This will never work. Clark, you never had to try. --------------------------------------------- -**- English Subtitles by jondon -**- Smallville Taiwan Fans Site