Hey, it's not my surpriseyou're spoiling. All right.But I can't get too far away. I need to hear the phone. All right. I transferred your linein here. It's not your faultyou got stuck on duty duringsenator burke's visit. But unless he makes a pit stop to thepole-dancing parlor... ...Then we can stillmake it a date. Jimmy. Have I mentionedthat you are the best boyfriend a girl could have? Right back at you, sweetheart. I figuredyou could use an escape from your real-lifesoap opera. What do you mean? "THE BIG SLEEP" Well, you live it every day, but from the outside. Your life's got cagney and stanwyck written all over it. You've gotyour billionaire mogul. You got the confused damsel who chose money over love, and a mysterious best friend who shows up everywhere because he can't seemto get a real job. Not to mention the steadfastdame they all depend on. A real glimpseinto the mind of jimmy olsen. Not bad. Fyi -- "dame"? Not so flattering. What's your name? Riley. Doghouse riley. That's a funny kind of name. - Think so? - Uh-huh. What are you? Prizefighter? - No, I'm a shamus. - What's a shamus? It's a private detective. You're making fun of me. They don't make themlike they used to. Movies or people? You're cute. Thank you. No. - That wasn't from - the movie. Jimmy! -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Smallville Season 06 Episode 20</font> No. Tell them we're on our way up. Female, early 20s, gunshot wound to the chest. She gonna be all right? She's hurt pretty badly.Come on, clark. I'm sorry, lana. I'm sorry I got you caught up in all this. I'll find whoever did this. I'll find them. lex - Where is she? - She is being medevacked to her specialist in smallville. She was with you at the opera. Yeah.And you didn't show up. So I dropped your wife at her car. This was about an hour ago. You better hope she's all right. Now, I know someone as alert and amazing at his job as you must be, you must have some idea what happened here. Nice try, miss lane. It's not gonna work. Well, a girl's got to try,right? - Hey, phil, got a sec? - Excuse me. Oh, man,I am such a klutz. I'm so sorry. So, the police think it was a mugging. A mugging? Inside the building? Now, normally, I'd be the first person to cry "foul play," but she was downtown, middle of the night, fancy dress,stolen purse -- he probably jumped her before she knew what was happening. Am I the only onethat thinks it's weird that she was wining and dining with daddy warbucks instead of lex? Wait, whoever attacked heris still out there. Jimmy and I saw him flee, and he did get away. But the policewill run prints on the gun. Which the muggerthoughtfully left behind. What was lana doing here in the middle of the night, anyways? I should have beenwatching her. Ever since she married lex,I've been so angry tell me you arenot making this your fault. I've always been there for heruntil now. I got to find outwho did this. Well, the policearen't saying much. But maybeyou'll have better luck. Jimmy, I need you to download the photo of lana's attacker. I... Don't even ask her. She never remembanyway. Just what did she forget about sean regan? What did she tell you? Not half as much as you just did. Take it easy. I don't slap so good around this time of the evening. *** Sleeping on the job --what's the big idea? I don't -- I can'T... "I don't"?"I can't"? What's gotten into you,jimmy olsen? The whole town is hopping with the senator's visit, and you're on the first trainto dreamland. Now, I didn't take a jobslinging coffee for just anyone. I picked the best, I tell you.The best. The daily planet's never seen a reporter like you, and I plan onkeeping it that way. I'm sorry. Miss sullivan,we haven't even met yet, and already,I've ruined your blouse. This is very... clark kent. With a "k," kent. I'm clark kent. Chloe sullivan,and it's quite all right. What's with the glasses? Special deliveryup in the mail room. So, what, I'm supposedto answer your phone, now, too? Hello? Olsen here. I hear you're the best. I want to report a murder. Whose? Mine. I hope I didn'tkeep you waiting, mr. Olsen. Well,how do you like that? The untouchablelana luthor. Seems a lot of peoplegot a lot of ideas about me. Listen, I don't know ifthis is such a good idea. Your old man's got to ownhalf of metropolis, not to mention a certainbuilding at 1000 broadway. Big globe on top. This talkingcould lose me my job. Better your jobthan my life. My husband'strying to kill me. Now, why would you believea thing like that? The other day, I was crossing 6th street when, out of nowhere, this car veered right toward meand sped away. It was no accident, jimmy. You don't mindif I call you "jimmy," do you? Well, actually, it's james. You're so confidentand so brave, and I'm so afraid. I wonder if you could sparea bit of your strength for me. Please? I always knew somethingdidn't sit right with luthor. It's just a shamea girl like you had to get caught upin this rotten business. You have any proof? I knewI could count on you. My husband'sbeen sneaking out at night. I found thisin his pocket. the TALON Consider it a thank-youfor your help. I'm here to see a friend. Ain't everyone? Look, I don't want any trouble,honest. I just -- The kid's with me. Eyes back in your head,olsen. I didn't peg you as the kind of guy with a secret identity. And you're never gonna. Now, suppose you tell mewhat story you're chasing. No story.Just...thirsty. Come on. A guy like youwith a reputation to uphold? You wouldn't be caught100 yards of this place unless you weresitting on a big scoop. Rye whiskey. Rocks. Put it on his tab, joe. Name's kent. You stroll in herewith this crackerjack kid. You trying to land mein the cooler? Cool your jets, mack. Jimmy here is justa little down on love. Ain't you, jimmy? Poor sucker. Dames is poison. *Doo, do-do-do-do* *I want somebody else* *somebody who could be* *someone not like yourself* *but somebody who loves me* *'cause I need somebody else* if that's what you're after,get in line. No, no, I'm just... *all that I want to give* *somebody who loves me* - who's your new heavy? - Ah, relax. I got nothing on kent so farbut his tab. Losing your grip, paps. You used to run this town. Now it looks likethe only shots you're calling are from behind that bar. *Like I know I deserve* Which luthorare you after? Better wipe that newsie smileoff your face. - Luthor can smell fresh blooda mile away. - Fresh?! - Now,you listen here, kent. - Relax. I'm one of the good guys. *** If it's young luthoryou're tailing, I got a tip for you,on the house. Every nighthe makes a big exit. Makes surethe whole joint knows it. But when his car pullsout of the alley... ...he's not in it. *You know I'd walk right out the door* *if I could onlyget the nerve* *and I'd find* *someone kind* *like I know I deserve* *somewhere there is a man* *that could be loving me* *somebody who loves me* *somebody who loves me* *Somebody who loves me* Lex. I can't take it anymore. You're never gonnalet me in on your real life. Believe me, angel... my wife will beout of the picture soon enough. You can't keep toyingwith a girl's heart like this. I got to know it's real. Is this real? Did anyone follow you? No. Lost him hours ago. You shouldn't have come. He could be homeany minute. I can't bear thismuch longer. Has it all beenin my head? Have I been so lonely, I've started making up storiesto amuse myself? I'm afraid not. You're right about your husband wanting to get rid of you,and soon. If I run,he'll track me down. And if I confront him, he'll make itlook like an accident. Don't worry. I'll take care of lex. Just to protect yourself. Please. I couldn't bear itif anything happened to you. Nice driving back there. And don't worry. Kept my word. I'm here alone. I'm afraid your word'snot worth much,luthor. Doesn't matter. By tomorrow, you'll be picking lead out of your lungs. Not unless you want thisto be the next headline. I'm guessingthis isn't about a raise. It's about right and wrong. What you do with the singer, that's your business. But I'm not aboutto let you bump off your wife along the way. ***I heard you sayyou were gonna get rid of her. Sure, I am. Once the divorce is final. Filed for it today. Came as a shockto your wife. I doubt that. Don't worry, jimmy. You're not the first suckershe's spun in a web. But you better get outbefore you stick. Gardenia. Operator,get me junction 435. Would I lie to you,louie? It just came overthe wire. Okay. Hey, what's allthe flurry about? There's been a murder, and they say the victimis lex luthor. I am such a klutz.I'm so sorry. Look, I'll cover youwhile you go clean up. Mr. Lex luthordead on arrival. A press passfrom the daily planet was found on the site with a photo of mr. Luthorand that singer. Now, a suspect was seenfleeing the scene of the crime. Suspect -- 5'10".Brown hair, brown overcoat,medium build. Jimmy. Last call. Give me another. No, make it a double. Only one thingwill drive a man to drink alone. I wish it wereas simple as a dame. Nothing simple about 'em,kid. Guess that's what keeps uscoming back for more, huh? Jimmy, I've been to every ginjoint in town looking for you. You're not the only one. I figured it would bethe last place you were, but the first placeI'd find you. They thinkyou shot lex luthor. I shot him, all right. Went down coldright in front of me. Listen, I'm not gonnalet you go down for this, jimmy. Someone set you up, and I just might know who did it. That telephone lineyou have for mrs. Luthor? Turns out, you weren't the onlyone who's been dialing it. Seems that shiny new reporterclark kent's been spinning those numbers ever since he came into town. What are you tryingto tell me? Looks likethe boss' old lady might be gettinga little more from kent than just the headlines. Yeah, it's me. Listen, boy wondermay have taken the bait, but he's on to you. Doesn't matter anymore. You're back on topof the lowlife food chain, and I'm out from undera suffocating marriage. There's somethingI have to take care of. I thoughtthat's what I was here for. Don't worry. We won't have to sneak aroundmuch longer. oaily planet building guess you took me for a patsy, didn't you, kent? You played meright from the very start. You saw your chanceto bump off the old man, let me take the fall for it, and you get away with the girl. But why'd you have to... he didn'T.I did. Well, aren't youfull of surprises? I'm sorry I had to drag you in to all this, james. I really am. They are gonnaput me away. They won't get the chance. Why'd you make me do it? It was all for you. Gardenia. I should've known better. Rule number one -- never get mixed upwith a girl. Not when you're on the job. On the job? You're a cop? Undercover unit. I was sent hereto watch lex luthor. Falling in love with his wife --that was... that was my mistake. Those were some eyesthat she had. Would have made any guywant to be a hero. Yeah, well, those eyes just got you the electric chair. Someone should havetold you, kid. There are no heroesin metropolis. Jimmy? Oh, my god.Are you all right? Don't bother. The picture of lana'strigger- happy friend is gone. - Gardenia. - Okay. It was right in front of methe whole time. I didn't see it. Uh, jimmy,remember me? The one outsideyour head? Lana didn't knowyou were working last night. What if she wasn't hereto see you? What if she's not as innocent as she looks? Why would she cometo the cellar of wannabes in the middle of the nightif it wasn't to visit us? Look, I knowthat lana's your friend and you don'twant to think of her as a double-crossing,two-timing backstabber, but... maybe she had something she couldn't trust you with. The cigarette caseis missing. Think about it. Lana doesn't smoke. What would she be doing with it? - What was inside? - A cigarette case? Maybe something big enough to get killed over. And she was taking it to someone on the other floor when she was shot. So what?She just staggered into the elevator and ended up here? You know,the elevator has a memory, so its computer could tell us what floor it was on last. I was thinking more gossipcolumn than political intrigue. My god. Lana, what have yougotten yourself into? When did you learnto do that? Some girlsgo for sports cars. I figured you're moreof a lock-picking girl. Well, accordingto the building's exit records, brennan was the only reporterleft on this floor when lana was shot. Bowling trophies don't exactly scream "cold-blooded killer." What the hellare you doing in here? We have reason to believe that lana luthor was with youearlier tonight. Never met her. Maybe you shot herand snagged her purse to make it look likea petty robbery. I'm calling security. Great. Then you can tell themhow you knocked out jimmy and erased your photo. The entire buildingwas sealed off by police. Only someone with prior accesscould have done it. Hey, look -- mrs. Luthor said she had a story and wanted to meet. She must have beengetting off the elevator when someone intercepted her. I-I heard the gunshot, I saw the elevator going down. So I took the stairs. But when I got there,I heard you coming, and I guess I just panicked. I-I'm sorry about your head. But -- but if the policehad gotten your photo, they neverwould have believed me. What was shebringing to you? All I know is she said sheneeded help, and it had -- Call 911! Calling...Clark You didn't have to wait till the last second, you know. What fun would that be? Chloe!Chloe! Oh, my god, chloe! Did you get him? I knocked him out cold. You don't have a scratch on you. I don't understand it.How is that -- Busy day, ms. Lane? Does breaking and entering not mean anythingto rich people? About as much as removing evidence from a crime scene. I caught your little maneuverat the planet. So, it didn't surprise me that a piece of evidencewas, uh...missing. The silver cigarette case. Really, mr. Luthor, I was lucky to get a quote from a parking attendant. George? Lillian loved this. My wife.She was fond of gardenias. But I think what you'relooking for is inside. You open this? There was nothing on it. Ares is supposed to be operational. We're in the final stages of testing, senator. Well, after all my shuffling to keep the appropriations under the radar, I certainly hope so, lex. We both have a lot to lose, senator. You didn't know lex was working with senator burke, did you? You have got to give lanamajor props for double-crossingboth luthors. Be careful...miss lane. Whoever's protectingsenator burke hired someone to killthe wife of a luthor. I doubt whether they'd think twice about silencing you. Close call. Luckily,I don't remember much. Let me fill you inon a few of the details. Someone really didn't wantyou and brennan to expose whateverwas in that cigarette case, so they tried to kill youand succeeded with him. Now, I know that lexwould never do anything to hurtthe love of his life, but who did? Chloe, if I could tell you,I would. It's complicated. I'm a quick learner. Lionel. He's been forcing meto dig into lex and turn over everythingto him. Lionel has youspying on lex? But instead of giving himthe information you found, you were gonna give itto the papers? Why? It was my only wayto get out from under them. I don't understand. I mean, lionel hasa league of minions. Why you? He needed someoneon the inside. Someone who could get closeto lex. Holy... lana, is that why youwent through with the wedding? Why would you do that? To protect clark. From what? Clark can take careof himself. What about his weakness? Chloe, you admitted yourself that he has one. Whatever clarkis capable of, there's something strongerthan him, isn't there? Lana, if you are keeping thisfrom clark because you're tryingto protect him, - he needs to know. - He can'T. Chloe, I know that youconfide everything in him, but I need you to trust me. Clark's lifecould depend on it. I've been all over town, and all I can find outabout the guy who attacked lana is that he's a hired gun. Yeah,and now he's out of commission, so it looks likewe hit a dead end. That's it? Someone out theretakes a hit out on lana, and you're just gonna give up,just like that? You're holding back somethingfrom me, aren't you? Chloe, I can't believeyou'd lie to me. I can't believe you didn't hear the deafening irony in that statement. You know how much lanameans to me. First, ouch. Second, if youreally want to help, just stay out of it,please. I'm gonna findlana's attacker... with or without you. Clark, how long have youkept your secret from lana because you were tryingto protect her? Are you trying to tell me that lana's doing this to protect me? All I'm sayingis that sometimes people do thingsthat you don't expect and you don't understand. And sometimes they have a really good reason for it. As much as I want to believe that that reason is lex... we both know he'd neverdo anything to hurt her. Well,if it's not lex, then... there's only one other person who would manipulate herlike that. Take itfrom the look on your face the cops can't getlana's attacker to talk. Didn't havemuch of a chance. Guy got knocked off right after he landed in county lockup. Mr. Luthor,the gun at the crime scene didn't belong to the assailant. It's yours. Mine? Police never mentioned... it's unregistered, but I pulleda ballistics report. It matches your gun, the one that's been missing. My guess is lana'sbeen carrying it, pulled it on whoeverconfronted her, and lost. Lana's never carried a gun. Who could she beso afraid of? There's my hero. Just my luck. Finally get a photoon page one -- HERO AMONG US I'm in front of the camera,not behind it. Oh, come on.Even I was impressed with the sam spade quick-thinking. You can't tell me all that just came from a bonkon the noggin. You know, it was so weird. Half of it made sense.But lana and lionelworking together, and clark kentleading a double life as a reporter by dayand crime-fighter by night... you know, it's funnywhat your mind will cook up. So, why the pilgrimage to podunk at the peak of your fame? Well,I made you a playlist to keep you companywhile I'm gone. Gone? I'm being senton assignment. That's great. Photo editor saw the paper -- finally knows my name now. Are you on the human trafficking story in istanbul with fletcher? Actually,the polar bear swim club in milwaukee, wisconsin. Bunch of old guysin a lake, but -- it's a start. I got to go catch my plane, but there's somethingI got to do before I go. *...Who loves me* *'cause I need somebody else* *somebody who loves me* *somebody who loves me* -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen