I now pronounce you husband and wife. That thing that did this, what was it? Jor-El warned me about an ultimate destroyer. There is some sort of connection between us. I know that you feel it, too. Okay, stop. I'm gonna relieve Lois of her nurse's duties. From what I hear, he was lucky to make it past that creature alive. You will eradicate the other Kryptonian. I am not going to hurt anyone. You have no free will. Say that Clark Kent, the unassuming journalist... Steps out of the shadow into his red-and-blue, creating two completely separate identities? I think there's a lot more to Clark Kent that even Clark Kent doesn't want to admit. If you want to fire me, Ms. Mercer, go ahead. Clark, I don't want to fire you. In time, I'm sure the truth will reveal itself. Bless me, father, for I have sinned. I... have hurt many people. People that I care about. I'm here, my son. Go on. Something... takes over... without warning. It's a beast inside of me, fighting to get out. We all have our inner demons, but we must learn to control them. I'm trying, father, the best way I know how. But... I... I drive through Metropolis at night, searching for a way to save myself. Perps, thieves, drug dealers. There's so much... sin committed on those streets. And when I find someone who's lost their way, I reach out. Go home! And w-when I come across... evil... You're not even a cop. I do everything in my power... to put it to an end. When I stop the wickedness that I see... it keeps the beast from coming out. It makes me feel... human. Stay on your righteous path, my son. Be not overcome of evil. But overcome evil... with good. "Somebody save me" "Let your warm hands break right through me" "Somebody save me" "I don't care how you do it" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" "I've been waiting for you" "I've made this whole world shine for you" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" SMALLVILLE 8x16 "TURBULENCE" Subtitles SubXpacio I haven't seen you this pumped since you threw the touchdown pass... that made the crows state champs. That is a tough one to top, Chloe, but last night, I think I did. I heard. It was quite the coming-out party. Media outlets report that the red-blue blur made more saves last night... than a Billy Graham revival meeting. I thought you'd be happy. I mean, you're the one who convinced me to embrace my double identity... and inspire the world. Yeah, but, Clark, did you have to make a guest appearance... on every single traffic cam in town? Hey, slowing my super speed down enough to appear on video is not easy. I wasn't even sure it worked the first few times. Look, I'm all about your streak of primary colors making a splash, but this is more like a tsunami. If it means giving people hope, Chloe, I'll take that chance. I just want to make sure that your rush to inspire Joe six-pack... doesn't unmask Clark Kent. Chloe, working at the Daily Planet is a perfect cover. Right. So what, you're gonna pull a quick costume change in the middle of the bullpen? I'm getting really good at it. Watch. Not to pre-empt your episode of "America's next top model," but... you've got a little bit of a... wardrobe malfunction. Clark, you're not exactly inspiring much confidence, especially after what happened last night. After Lex died, all of his personal files were transferred into LuthorCorp. What happens when Tess Mercer gets her hands on those? You don't have to worry about Tess Mercer or me. All your attention should be on Jimmy. I saw him last night, Chloe. He's still pretty shaken up. I should've been able to protect him. Clark, you did everything you could. And thankfully, now that Jimmy's been transferred to Met Gen, he's that much closer to home. I really think that the future looks a whole lot brighter for him. Jimmy, you know that that machine's already locked into a set dosage. It's not gonna give you more no matter how many times you hit the pump. Well, you need to tell my doctor my pain is hummer-sized, not hybrid. Being in a hospital bed for five weeks really does a job on you. But, you know, maybe what you're going through isn't all physical. Maybe you should talk to a psychologist. I don't need a shrink, Chloe. I need to go home. Look, if you're doing fine... I will be, too. Jimmy, I wasn't the one that was practically mauled to death. And that, uh... that thing... it hasn't shown up again? The villagers already put away their pitchforks. I think he's gone forever. You don't know that for sure. We would've heard about it. I know. It's hard to believe that he just dropped in to destroy our wedding. Just one of the pitfalls of getting hitched in the meteor-freak capital of the world. I guess it's just another sign that we were meant for each other. Because if the King Kong of meteor freaks couldn't take you away from me... then we're gonna be together forever. Jimmy, help me! Chloe... Nurse! I'm in a lot of pain here! Nurse! Hello? Can I get some more pain medicine, please? Got to help me. Oh. How much have you had to drink, man? Wait! ALERT! MAIN AND 5TH ALERT! MAIN AND 5TH Nifty knapsack, Kent. Are you on your way to p. e.? I just got back from the gym. If you want to graduate from the bullpen to the corner office, - ... you need to look the part. - Yeah. Well, thanks for the tip. I think we can find something a little less "high school musical" and a little more Louis Vuitton to carry around... whatever it is that you're hiding in here. Well, it really is just my gym stuff, and I don't think I want my boss going through my underwear. It's okay. I'll take you shopping when we get back. Get back? Where are we going? L. A. I'm announcing the new Mercer Media Group at a press conference, and I need a friendly reporter to lob softballs. And you want me to go with you? Every cub reporter gets his big break. This just happens to be yours. Don't underestimate your talents, Kent. There's no telling where they'll take you. The sky is the limit. Do you have more important things to do? No. Of course not. Good. Because the only reporters I want working for the Planet... are those who take their jobs seriously. Jimmy, hey. Are you all right? I came right after the police called. Considering a man was murdered in this hospital last night, I'm doing pretty good. I'm sorry I can't say the same thing for Davis Bloome. What happened to Davis? Was he hurt? Hurt? No. No, Chloe, he was the killer. I saw him murder someone right in front of me. What the hell are you doing here? Well, thanks to you, I got cuffed, thrown into a squad car last night, and then I spent the next six lovely hours getting grilled by a homicide detective... with the world's worst coffee breath. - They let you out on bail? - Jimmy, they let me go. Since when does Metropolis P.D. let people get away with murder? - Look, I saw you... - Jimmy, calm down. Yeah, you did see me. You did. But I didn't murder anyone. I was up here looking for a patient that I brought into the E. R... Some drunk driver, fatal accident. We called the cops. He ran. We had the entire night staff scattered around the hospital, looking. And we didn't find him, but... I found you, wandering around the hall, completely out of it. I know what I saw, Chloe. Okay, normally your eyes could be trusted, but not last night. Your PCA pump, it was faulty. It gave you a double dose every time you hit the trigger. Now, if I had that much morphine in my system, I'd see some things, too. Davis, I was with Jimmy yesterday when he tried to give himself an extra dose, and the machine wouldn't allow it. Well, somehow it malfunctioned. Did you do anything to it? What? Jimmy, hey, no one is gonna blame you if you did. You were in a lot of pain. Nice try, pal, but there is nothing wrong with that pump! Well okay, ask the doctors, or ask one of the nurses. They'll say the same thing. Look, I'm... okay. I'm, uh... I'll get out of your way. Jimmy, I'm glad to see you're feeling better. Davis, hey, I feel terrible. I know the tricks that pain-killers can play on a person's head. He's on some pretty heavy stuff. Still, you don't deserve to be cast as the madman in Jimmy's psycho thriller. Uh, the truth is, I'm not surprised he thinks of me that way. I... I did kiss his bride. Yeah, but he doesn't know that. Oh, well, I... I just assumed... I didn't, um, I didn't tell him. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it. No need to. Yeah, that was way off base. Well, if I said anything or did anything to give him reason to hate me, I- I hope we can get past it. I accept... that he got the girl. And, like I told you before, I'm... I'm moving on. - I think that's a good idea. - Oh, yeah. And if Jimmy needs anything, um, I'm here. What is it? Hey, Chloe. You can talk to me. I just can't help but wonder that if... he had never met me, maybe this wouldn't have happened to him. It was nice of Oliver to let you use his private jet. Well, LuthorCorp and Queen industries are one big happy conglomerate now. We share all of our toys. Welcome aboard, Ms. Mercer. We may have to reroute and land in Santa Barbara. Tower's informed me there's a storm coming into L.A. Thank you, Captain Nichols. From what I understand, you've been racking up a lot of frequent-flyer miles lately. Yeah, well, there are a lot of foreign titans to charm... when you're starting a global endeavor. Plus, I had to make a pit stop in Geneva to see a plastic surgeon. Oh, it wasn't a Nip/Tuck. Lex Luthor lojacked me with some bio-tech hardware, and I had to have it sliced out. Lana told me what Lex put you through. I'm sorry. What about what Lex put you through? He pretended to be your friend for how many years? I'd like to think that there was a time when Lex and I had a real friendship. That wasn't a friendship. Clark, you were his obsession. Lex wanted so much to be like you. But he knew... he knew in his heart he never could. Did Lex talk to you about me? He kept a journal. What'd it say? I'm sworn to secrecy. Are you thirsty? What? I am. I'm sure that Oliver keeps a bottle of the good stuff around here somewhere. Jimmy, what are you doing here? Have you been searching for more pain meds? Look, I know what you did. You stashed the body here till you could get rid of it. What body? The guy, the... the drunk driver... he's dead! And maybe that isn't such a bad thing. He ran a red light last night. He killed a young mother... and her little girl on the way back from a ballet recital. So you murdered him? I didn't murder anyone. The body... it's right there, Davis. Jimmy, you don't know what you're seeing anymore. It's those damn drugs. POST TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER ANXIETY DISORDER. Jimmy! Chloe? Chloe! - Jimmy! It's after me again! - Come with me. I'll save you. No, get back in your room! It'll hurt you! Chloe, wait! Jimmy, go back to your room... please! No! No! Stop! Stop! Chloe! No! No! Let go of me! It's attacking! Chloe, no! No! No! Chloe! Mr. Olsen, what did you take? Jimmy. Hey! Get away from me! We need a shot of Haldol-Ativan. That thing's killing Chloe! I need to save her! Jimmy! Jimmy? Don't worry. We'll take care of him. I don't think Oliver Queen would appreciate us finishing off... his private reserve of 1990 Cristal. It's a long flight. I'm sure he wouldn't mind us drinking a few more glasses. About Lex's journal... he's gone now, so you can tell me... Enough about Lex's journal, okay? I want to talk about you. We've had two bottles of champagne. You seem to have this inhuman ability to withstand the effects of alcohol. I have a strong metabolism. Me too. I can hold my liquor like no other. It's in the Mercer genes. Daddy dearest used to be able to finish off a fifth before the lunch whistle blew at the mill. That sounds tough. Let's just say it wasn't the Norman Rockwell childhood... that you had at the Kent farm. Nobody's childhood is perfect. Yeah, but I bet you were read fairy tales at bedtime... not like what my dad did. I'm sorry. You don't... you don't need to hear that. That's okay. I had these blue sheets... that I used to pull up over my head... and it made me feel like I was underneath the ocean. And I would hide in there and, uh, pretend to be the little mermaid, waiting, dreaming of my prince to come rescue me. Then my dad would come in. The bastard shattered my eardrum. And he broke my arm... three times. I bet you didn't expect the in-flight entertainment... to include my true Hollywood story, huh? I'm just glad it has a happy ending. Look at you now. I think I'm just good at covering my tracks. Kind of like you, Clark. Why would I cover my tracks? I don't know. Why would Lex have an entire room devoted to you? I've seen the photographs... the crushed Porsche, t- the mushroomed bullets. I can't explain to you Lex Luthor's delusions. Lex was a lot of things, but he was not delusional. Clark... we all have our deepest, darkest secrets. I just told you mine. Now tell me yours. There's nothing to tell. With me, it's what you see is what you get. How's the weather look in L.A.? Skies are all clear. What's happening? There's a hole in the cockpit, and the pilot's gone! I looked everywhere, and I can't find the parachutes! You're gonna be okay! Clark, do something. Here. Put this on! Just breathe! Keep breathing! You're gonna be okay! So I wasn't hallucinating. I got this cut in your ambulance when I saw the dead body. You murdered that man. Jimmy... get away from me. No. No. Not until you tell Chloe what you did. She's on her way right now. You don't know what you're doing. You're not yourself. That's what you want everyone to believe, isn't it? See, I thought it was just to cover up the murder. But then I saw you holding Chloe outside my room. You want me out of the way so you can have her all for herself, don't you? Jimmy, please, for your own good, get out of here now! I am not going anywhere until you confess what you did. Chloe, please, go. Get out of here! Davis, it's okay. He can't hurt you, Davis. You saved me. Well, there he is... the prince who came to my rescue. I would think parachuting out of a jet and landing in the Arizona desert... would've slowed you down, but... you seem to be doing just fine. I knew I was fine the moment that I woke up in that Phoenix emergency room, to see you standing by my side. Did you figure out what brought down Oliver's jet? Someone may have been trying to kill you. It is a dangerous world we live in. The NTSB is still investigating the explosion. - Have they found the pilot's body? - No. And I feel terrible. Why is it that he's dead and we're still alive? I guess I'm just lucky that you were in the right place at the right time. RED-BLUE BLUR TO THE RESCUE I guess the lucky part was finding that parachute. Yeah, about the parachute... where was that? I looked everywhere. You must've missed it. I found it stashed in the cabin locker. Just one? Yeah, I was able to, uh, strap it around both of us. Well, as terrible as it all was, I hope that this experience has brought us closer. I don't usually open up about myself to... well, to anyone, really. I understand that what you told me was a part of your past you'd like to keep private. If you're worried that I'm gonna tell someone your secret... I promise you I won't. Lex was right about you, Clark. There's not a bad bone in your body. My whole life, I've had to deal with abusive people, people who took away my hope. But when I'm around you... somehow I feel safe. I'm just glad you're okay. I'd better get back to the Planet. I wouldn't want you to think I'm not taking my job seriously. Clark... I may run his company... and I may live in his mansion... but I'm not Lex. You can trust me. - You think she knows your secret? - Well, she didn't exactly just come out and admit it. Well, does she have to? I mean, you saved her by flying out of a falling jet. First of all, we didn't fly. We sort of jumped. And she was unconscious the whole time. Well, whatever the case, she knows too much, and she's getting closer by the minute. So it's time to take extreme measures. You need to quit the Daily Planet and put the red-blue blur back into the closet. I'm not changing my life because Tess Mercer might know my secret. But she's beyond dangerous, Clark. She tried to kill Lana. Only because she was trying to destroy the power suit. She was desperate to stop Lex. I can't believe you're defending her. I'm not sure she's like Lex. Your ability to trust others and always see the good in people is... what makes you so special, but it's also what keeps getting you into trouble. You need to be careful. And I have to go. Jimmy's battle is finally over at Met Gen, and I get to pick up my wounded soldier. I didn't know he was coming home today. How's he doing? Great. Jimmy and I made it out of the dark forest, and... from now on, it's gonna be one long happily ever after. No more than three tablets a day. They can be highly addictive. Good luck. Hey. You're not in this alone, you know. I know how much you enjoy playing Florence Nightingale, but I can take care of myself. Jimmy, I know you're upset, but trust me, I just stopped you from doing something you would've regretted the rest of your life. Davis came after me, and I was protecting myself. But you don't believe me. You'd rather believe anyone else but me. People are watching us. Can we talk about this at home? Home? We have no home, Chloe. Okay, you still have a lot of drugs in your system, and... No. No, no, no. My mind has never been so clear. I have put up with years of your taking someone else's side over mine... first Clark and then Davis? Look, I realize now... that you just don't trust me. You never have. Of course I trust you, Jimmy. I trust you with my whole heart. I'm your wife. And that's what I don't understand, why the hell did you even marry me?! - Sir, settle down. - I'm fine! We were just leaving. - I'm not going anywhere with you. - Come on, Jimmy. We can work through this. I am done trying to make this work. Marrying you... was the biggest mistake of my life. Mr. Olsen, Ms. Mercer is not in. I cannot let you in here! I'm calling security! Don't bother. I quit. And if she really wants to move more papers, tell her to put this... at the top of her to-do list. MEET DAVIS BLOOME CEO AND REPORTER SURVIVE JET CRASH "I try to make it through my life," "in my way, there's you" MALE PREDATOR ON THE HUNT FREEWAY ACCIDENT TANGLES TRAFFIC "I try to make it through these lies," "and that's all I do" "Just don't deny it," "Don't try to fight this," Enjoy your new life, captain. "and deal with it" "and that's just part of it," "If you were dead or still alive" "Cause I swear, I swear, I don't care" "I'm changing everything," "You won't be there for me" "I'm changing everything," "You won't be there for me" "If you were dead or still alive" "I don't care. I don't care" " I don't care. I don't care" "Just go and leave this all behind"