I'm just trying to figure out some of this trig homework. What for? Don't you already have a scholarship to met U.? Yes, for football. But they're still gonna be looking at my final gpa. Well, when you're done playing with your protractor, there's a party over at katie's house. Her parents have a hot tub. - Really? - Yeah. Thanks, but I still got a lot of work to do. Okay. Well, why don't you drop by later if you finish? See ya. Good bye Clark. She was cute. Which one? Both. Thinking of asking one of them out? Yeah, so that I could ruin it just when we're getting close by having to lie about who I really am? Just like I did with Lana? Clark, there is someone out there for you. Who? Mom, a girl would have to be crazy to get into a relationship with me. I can't believe you're thinking about letting that psycho go. That is what generally happens when a patient is cured. Alicia. It's time. You can go home now. Smallville - Saison 4 Episode 11 "Unsafe" Traduction Windcharger, Michael_Vaughn Synchro Kiff Merci à Malone So what's smallville's star quarterback doing up here alone on a saturday night? Alicia. I'm kinda surprised you remembered my name. How could I forget? You tried to kill me. And Lana. I'd ask how you escaped, but I guess that's pretty obvious. I didn't escape. They let me out. The doctors say I'm cured. You could've called, instead of teleporting into my loft. Actually, I borrowed my mom's car and I drove. It's a little something my doctor came up with. Trace amounts of lead are released into my bloodstream and keeps me from using my powers. I'm glad they think you're better. That doesn't change what happened between us. I know that, Clark. I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am for everything I put you through. You're the last person on earth that I ever wanted to hurt. But you didn't answer my question. Why are you up here alone on a saturday night? Maybe I prefer to be alone. Because of your secret? Don't worry. I didn't tell anyone. I promised you that I wouldn'T. Alicia... the whole time I was in belle reve, just the thought that there was someone out there like me, who knew what it was like to be different, gave me hope. In my darkest moment, you gave me hope, Clark. Bye. So they just let Alicia teleport out of belle reve? They gave her some sort of lead bracelet that stops her from using her powers. And she doesn't seem as dangerous anymore. Well, her powers weren't the only thing that made her dangerous, Clark. She's obsessed with you. And she knows your secret. Which she kept for over a year. Whatever they did to her in belle reve, maybe it worked. We know how much you want to be with someone you don't have to lie to, sweetheart. But... Alicia isn't the one. So, what should I do... just wait for the next cute girl with special abilities to knock on my door? Clark, you know what she did. Alicia needs to be in an institution. Then why'd they let her out of belle reve? What if she really is better? And what if she isn't? Damn, I'm good. All right, Alicia Baker. "Suffering from a histrionic personality disorder, causing emotional instability, resulting in psychotic episodes. " Yeah, that's our girl. Who's that guy? It's Alicia's psychiatrist Dr. William Mcbride. Yeah, I've heard of him. He graduated from harvard in two years with more degrees than a thermometer. What's he say about Alicia? Wow. Well, according to Dr. Mcbride, Alicia really is cured. She wastelling the truth. And that, I take it, is exactly what our young Mr. Kent wanted to hear. What are you doing here? It's nice to see you, too. Sorry, I just didn't expect you to show up on campus. Like I didn't expect you to say that you needed space right before you walked out on me? Jason, what's really going on here? Where this is heading with us, I just don't think you're ready. I don't think you're ready for a relationship like that. Relationship like what? Can we not talk about this right now? I don't want... look, Lana, I have to go. super powers can't save you now, Clark Kent. No, I'm good. I'm... I'm good. Okay, come on. Just relax your knees. Just glide. I'm really glad that you called me. I didn't think that you would after what happened the last time we went outon a date. Well, you were sick then. I understand now. I don'T. I mean, I remember feeling angry and alone and doing all those things, but... I don't know... when I think about it now, it's like... it's like watching a movie. Like it wasn't even really me. Maybe it wasn'T. Maybe this is the real you. Good thing you've got buns of steel. Oh... you might be impervious to the cold, but I'm turning into a popsicle. Well, I do have heat vision. Well, I think I'd settle for some hot chocolate. Okay. I'm just gonna go freshen up first. I'll meet you over there. Okay. Enjoying your freedom? Dr. Mcbride. What are you doing here? Checking up on my favorite patient. This does more than just keep you in place, Alicia. You lojacked me? I have to know where you are, so that you don't do anything to jeopardize your release... like associating with Clark Kent. What I do with Clark is my own business. Clark was the object of your obsession, Alicia. Your feelings for him are what precipitated your psychotic break. You really want to risk an incident like that again? But you said that I was better. And I want you to stay that way. Perhaps more sessions together outside of the office would be beneficial. You are such a bright, beautiful young girl. It'd be a shame to see you end up back in belle reve. Stop seeing Clark Kent before someone gets hurt. there you are. I thought I'd lost you. Oh, you're not getting rid of me that easily. Ooh, I let it get cold. Would you mind? thank you. So, what do you want to do next? Um... You wanna go for a drive? Sure. Where do you want to go? Have you ever been to california? California. Sure, let's jump in the truck, and we'll go to california right now. Are you serious? - Alicia, going to california would be... - Crazy? I wasn't gonna say that. No, I know that it sounds crazy. I just... I just want to go somewhere where nobody knows me or what I did. And I want you to come with me. I can'T. I mean, as much as I'd want to be with you... is everything okay? I actually have to go. I'll call you later. well, the prodigal father returns. I've been trying to reach you, but you're always somehow, uh... unavailable. Too busy playing with your sword to speak to your father? Actually, I've been preoccupied by your court papers... trying to unravel how you managed to get your conviction overturned. Well, I don't think you'll find the answers in that stack of legal documents. It was a, uh... A miracle. There's no other way to explain it. And I must use that freedom I was given towards a... a greater purpose. Well, I hope that purpose doesn't include returning to luthorcorp, because you won't be walking through the door to the executive suite or raiding the coffers to line your pockets any time soon. I'm not here for money, Lex. I don't want to take luthorcorp away from you. Corporate maneuvering doesn't interest anymore. So, what, now trying to kill me is going to be a full-time job? I know... I know where you're coming from, Lex. It's a place of anger and mistrust. But it's not too late. It's not. There's still time to get off the path that can only lead to darkness. Come on, dad. What are you really up to? I am trying to make the world a better place. I'm going to create a charitable foundation, not just... to feed the hungry and clothe the poor. No, I want to really help people, to inspire the human spirit. I wish everyone on the face of the earth could be as blessed as I am. So now you're the messiah? No. Lex, no, I'm just... I'm... I'm a man who has a dream. Oh! Guess who? I was starting to think you were on your way to california already. Well, my bags are in the car. What's going on? Uh... Dr. Mcbride, my psychiatrist... he was at the ice rink. He said that if I keep seeing you, he's going to send me back to belle reve. Why would he do that? Maybe because he's jealous. I think, in his mind, he thought that if I was out, he could be with me. Well, go to the review board at belle reve, and tell them about Mcbride. Well, I can't risk them revoking my probation. What do you think they're gonna do if you run? As long as I'm free, I don't care. Come with me, Clark. I want to... but running's not the answer. Trust me, I know. I wish I was as strong as you are. But... I'm not. I made something for you in belle reve... for when I got out. Alicia... I guess now it's a... it's a goodbye present. Would you mind wearing it so I can see it on you just once? Hey. Hey. I missed you in A.P. Lit today. What happened? You decide you just couldn't face the love songs of J. Alfred Prufrock? No, um... I went to go see Jason. Sounds like it didn't go so well. Sorry. But, uh, poker face isn't exactly your strong suit. What's up? I think I finally figured out why he's been so cryptic. He doesn't think that I'm ready for... "that" kind of a relationship. What? What kind? Oh, that kind. Oh, okay. Wow, that answers a question I've been dying to ask you all semester. - Does everybody think that we've... - Lana. You were alone with him for three months in Paris. Right. Um... Well, we haven'T... but I'm starting to think that I'm ready. First off, don't do this just because you're afraid to lose him if you don'T. It's not that. It's just Jason's in college, and I think that he's used to relationships that are... that area little more adult. Well, at the risk of going "afterschool special" on you, two-thirds of all people under the age of 18 regret doing it too soon. And on behalf of that two-thirds, just be sure that you're really ready. Wait a minute. - Are you saying that you've... - Yeah. During my intern shipat the "daily planet. " His name was Jimmy. He was very cute in a bow tie kind of way. You know, I mean, it was... it was a summer infatuation that I thought was the real thing. Do you wish you hadn't done it? Sometimes. I mean, it wasn't awful, by any means. But it just wasn't special, and as cliché as it sounds, it only happens once. So just make sure Jason's the guy that you want to remember forever. okay... can we just slow down? I want this to last forever. I'm not sure that's one of my abilities, but I'll do my best. Okay, just one minute. What? Um... what is it? I'm a virgin. That's great. So am I. Really? What? It's just... well, we don't have any kind of commitment or anything. Oh... Baby, no one is more committed to making this happen than me. You are the most beautiful, amazing, sexiest girl I've ever met. And there's no way I'm letting you get away. Does that mean, like, you want me to be your girlfriend? No. I want you to be my wife. Are you serious? We were meant to be together. We could be in vegas tonight and wake up Mr. And Mrs. in the morning. Oh, my god! We are, uh, gathered here to join this happy couple in holy matrimony. Marriage, as you know, is a union that should not been tered into lightly. Yeah, yeah, skip to the good stuff, pops. Oh, alright. Um... do you, Clark Kent, take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? Hell, yes. And do you, Alicia Baker, take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband? I do. Well, you may kiss the br... oh, I see you're already doing that. Well, by the power vested in me by the state of nevada, I now pronounce you man and wife. My head is swimming. Don't drown just yet. Oh, my god, I can't believe this! I'm Mrs. Clark Kent. Let's make it official. Jason. You're early. I got your message. It sounded like an emergency, so I came as soon as I could. This isn't exactly how I planned it. I need you to look me in the eye and tell me that you don't love me. Then there's no good reason why we shouldn't be together. Okay, I'm gonna stop you. Um... not that I wouldn't love for this to happen, but it can'T. I mean, not like this. Oh, ok. I don't understand. Um, I thought that you broke up with me because... okay, all right, um... I haven't been completely honest with you. There's someone else. No. Um... no. Then what is it, Jason? Why did you just walk out on this relationship? Because I don't think we met by accident. I think that my mother arranged it. How's that even possible? My mother was the one who convinced me to go to Paris in the first place. She said that I would meet someone special. And I did. And then everything started happening... the tattoo and Isabelle's tomb... and the spell book. None of it made any sense. Until you saw my mother in your nightmare about Isabelle being burned at the stake. No, that was just a bad dream, that's all. Or maybe it was your subconscious connecting the dots. Either way, I didn't want my mother to use me to get close to you, so, uh... Jason... whatever's going on, it doesn't change the way that I feel about you. Yeah. Oh, god. I love you so much. I know how you feel. Wait. We don't have to wait. We're married. No. I just want this to be right. I want all of you. What'd you do to me? Okay, don't get mad. How'd you know about the red kryptonite? Because I know everything about you, Clark. We were meant to be together, remember? Just like you said. You drugged me. No, it's not... I just didn't know what else to do because... because I couldn't stay, and I couldn't leave without you, so I just... just thought if you could listen to your heart instead of your head for once. Look, you don't even see what you did was wrong. What's the matter with you? I just... Clark, you could've hooked up with any girl you wanted, and you chose me. Why do you think that that is? You dosed me with red kryptonite. It makes me do things I don't want to do. No! I don't think that rockforces you to do anything, Clark! Maybe it dampens your inhibitions, but... Clark Kent got himself into this situation, okay? Clark Kent asked me to marry him. Clark Kent brought me up to this hotel to make love to me. Well, maybe Clark Kent made a mistake. No. I did. No! My mom hasn't heard anything, either. Okay, call me if you hear anything, okay, Chloe? Thanks. I warned Alicia to stay away from you. Dr. Mcbride. Where is she? She called me from her cell phone... hysterical, crying that maybe she wasn't better... that maybe she belonged backat belle reve. Just where you threatened to send her if she didn't stop seeing me. Alicia is my greatest achievement. When she came to me, her mind was fractured and broken. I made her whole again. Now look what you've done to her. What I've done? You're the reason she wanted to run away. No, you stalked her, you kidnapped her. You forced her to marry you. That's not what happened. Well, that is what the police will believe when I take you in. What are you doing? To help Alicia, I had to understand her obsession, so I studied you. It wasn't hard. The sheriff's files are filled with your unexplained appearances at violent crime scenes. It's the classic earmarks of a troubled teen. But don't worry, they don't send kids like you to jail. They send them to me... at belle reve. Clark didn't do anything. - What are you doing here? - Alicia, get out of here. Don't tell her what to do. Clark, I know I made a huge mistake. You're the only person who's ever really known me. Alicia... and when I'm with you, I feel normal. I'll always love you for that. No. I'm not gonna let him keep hurting you. You don't know what you're talking about! This stops now! Alicia. We should really get to a hospital, don't you think? Alicia, why'd you do that? You know I could've caught that bullet. Because I promised you that I'd always protect your secret. Hey. Hey. How are you feeling? Like I just teleported in front of a bullet. The doctor said you could be released today. You might want to hold the jokes until then. What happened to Dr. Mcbride? They're holding him for observation at belle reve for trying to kill one of his patients. I'm so sorry about what I did to you, Clark. I guess... I just didn't want to lose the one good thing in my life. I'm not so sure that drugging me was the best way to preserve the relationship. I wanted you with or without that rock. Past tense noted. Get some rest, okay? Clark? I really am sorry. You know that, right? Yeah, I know. Oh. A warm fire on a cold night. There's nothing like it, is there? Thanks for coming by, dad. I know how busy you are with saving the world. I was, uh, hoping that your call was an olive branch, that we could reconcile, but obviously, I was wrong. Where are you going, dad? Back to the motel out by the interstate? Or, hey, it's almost dinner time. You might still be able to make it to the mission for your evening bowl of soup. They also serve a surprisingly tasty salisbury steak. You know, I gotto hand it to you, dad. When you throw yourself into a role, you really commit. This is not an act, Lex. You should know thatby now. You've been having me followed since I was released. Which you knew I would. I'm not playing some elaborate game, Lex. This is my life now. You've stripped me of every penny I once had, and I'm making the best of it. And you're right. It's, uh, it's about time for my evening bowl of soup. Dad... you can stay in the guesthouse. Thanks. It'd be much easier keeping an eye on me. Good night, dad. Is dad still upset? What do you think? How about you? I'm upset. More than that, I'm disappointed. I was onred kryptonite, mom. My god, you ran off with a girl you barely know and got married. - It wasn't legal. - That's not even the point. Marriage is sacred, Clark. It's about two people who trust each other and are willing to go through life together, no matter how difficult it gets. I thought we had taught you that. You're an amazing young man, Clark. You make life and death decisions every day. But then you turn around and... and you do this. Why did you do it? Mom, there's a part of me that never feels freer than when I'm with Alicia. She makes me feel normal and special at the same time. I know how badly you want to be with somebody. I want that for you, too. I guess... I just expected you to use better judgement. I guess I know why you're alone. Hey. Alicia. I see you're wearing the lead bracelet again. Yeah. It keeps me grounded. Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you. For what? For helping me be a better person. I have faith in you. Look, I know that we can never be together after what I did. But it doesn't change how I feel. And I just wanted you to know that, for as long as I live, I'm never going to reveal your secret. I love you... That's all. Alicia, wait. Wait. Subtitles checked and synchronized by Little Miss