It's all clear,sir. Lex,over there. Check the roof and initiate a full perimeter sweep of the grounds.Brady. Yes,sir. Lana...what did this guy look like? I-I don't know. I didn't see him,but... I could,uh,just sense that there was someone in the room with me. C-could you close the window? Yeah. So you didn't actually see or hear anyone? No. With the press tracking our every move, it's easy to geta little paranoid. Maybe you're right. Maybe I just imagined the whole thing. I'm going to go downstairs, get some teato calm your nerves. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> smallville S06E14 The paparazzi's at a fever pitch, and lex jets off on a business trip? It's not like he left me unprotected. That explains why lex's robocops are patrolling outside. I can't believe he would just leave the country, knowing that some demented stranger broke into your bedroom. I let him believe that it was paparazzi-induced jitters. You lied to lex? I couldn't show him the photo that was sent to me. Okay,first of all, you're staying here until we catch norman bates. And second... I need to see that phone. Lana,it's the only way we're going to be able to track this guy down. I don't think lex would have minded a picture of you in your lingerie. It's the chisel. I think lex stabbed clark with it after the engagement dinner. So,all of this secrecy is about that which we do not speak of? Chloe,I just... I just want your help catching this guy. I'll find out the explanation about clark on my own. You're okay. Come on. Clark? What are you still doing out here? Well,I'm still doing my chores. Well,you usually finish those in about two minutes. How is it that I drove to metropolis, attended the children's foundation dinner, and made it back before you finished? 'Cause I'm doing them the normal way. Ever since I landed on the paparazzi's list of ex-boyfriends to hound, I feel like someone's looking over my shoulder, like I'm being watched. I spent so much time trying to stay out of the spotlight that pushing lana into lex's life... put me right in the middle of it. Well,it's got to be a lot warmer in that spotlight than it is outside. I'm going to go insideand make some hot cocoa to thaw out the two of us who can feel how cold it is. Thank you,mrs. Kent. Chloe,you look half frozen. Yeah. Shouldn't you be nextto a fire somewhere, warming up next to jimmy? I'm on a mocha-mint runfor lana... at least that's whatI'm letting her believe. She is hiding outat my apartment. From what? Somebody who has takento breaking,entering, and making obligatorycreepy phone calls. What's lexdoing about it? She...has somevery compelling reasons for keeping himout of the picture. All right.I'll go back with you. We can figure out a way no,clark. She's fine,she's safe. She's got lex's security guardsthere. Believe me. No one's going to go near her without them knowing about it. - There's got to be something I can do. - There is. I traced the text message to a lowlife shutterbugnamed louie esposito. Now,there's nopermanent address, but jimmyreally knows that world, so,can you call himand ask him about it? Call jimmy?Why don't you call him yourself? I can'T. We sort of broke up. Does this have anythingto do with me, keeping my secret? No. And yes. I can't let this happen,chloe. My lies have alreadypushed lana away, and now -- she's a lot closerthan you think,clark. This is a picture that creepsent lana on her cellphone. Anything look familiar? That's my dad's chisel. Did she see lex stab me? She doesn't knowwhat she saw. But,clark,she's been orbiting your secret for years, and I think she may finally be coming in for a landing. Brady? Brady? I want you to wear this... When I kill you There she is!Miss lang! Miss lang,miss lang. Lana,right here! Lana!Lana!Lana! Miss lang! Right here! There you go. There you go. Miss lang,what are you doing? There's someonein the building. That's impossible,okay? My men are guardingthe building. Then how do youexplain that? Whoa.I live here,remember? What's going on? We gota serious problem here. Jimmy. Hey,clark,uh,chloe's not here. I know. You're actually the one I've been looking for. I had a feelingthis was coming. Look,clark,despite our differences, I think thatyou're a decent guy. Chloe obviously thinks that you can walk on air,so... who am ito stand in the way? Jimmy,hold on. But if you hurt her... I don't care how impossibly gigantic you are, I will chop you downlike a cherry tree. And that...ain't no lie. It's nice to see that you'd riskending up in traction to protect chloe's honor. A girl like that -- worth spending the restof my life in a body cast. I feel the same way. As her friend,nothing more. I swear. All right,now thatyou know that for sure, maybe there's somethingbetween the two of you you'd like to reconsider. Is that what you came hereto tell me? Well,that,and I need your help. Lana's in trouble. So,what's the "sitch"? There's this paparazzi. He's a little too into his job. I need to track him down beforehe causes any more damage. You've worked with thesekind of guys before,right? Yeah,it took a week to wash off the slime. All I have is a name. Can you help me track him down? Anythingfor a friend of chloe'S. I turn on the news, and this is what I see? My fiance scaredhalf out of her mind? We have the situationunder control, mr. Luthor. Well,I'm sorry if I don't share your optimistic assessment. I'm cutting my trip short. Get lana to luthorcorp plaza. If anyone you don't recognizegets within 100 yards of her,you put a bullet in them! Understood,sir. Miss lang,we have to go. - Go where? - Luthorcorp. It's the only place that I can guarantee your safety. Don't you thinkthat whoever's behind this will think that'sthe first place I'd go? Yeah,that's the first placeI would look. Miss lang. The only place I'll be safe is the last place anyone would think I'd go. Change of plans.Get the car ready. - But mr. Luthor -- - isn't here. So unless you're planningon kidnapping me and holding me against my will, I'm going to go where I want. And if you're interestedin my protection... then you'll followmy orders now. Uh,the room is secure,miss lang. The rest of the team is postedout on the grounds. Thank you. I'm going to be right outside if you need anything. I'm sorry. I know thisis a terrible intrusion. If you're takingthe luthor name, I guess armed guardsand dodging the press go with the gold ring. Yeah,well,I'm hoping it won't always be that way. Well,in this case, that's not such a bad thing. Is there anything elseI can do for you? No,thank you.I'm just going to turn in. Are you surethat clark won't mind? I think he'll survivea night on the couch. See you in the morning. - Good night. - Good night. Incoming call...restricted Who is this? You can't hide from me... not even in clark kent'sbedroom. I know everythingabout you. I don't care what you knowor how you know it, but there's an armybetween us, and you're never going to get close enough to touch me. I'm closer than you think,princess. Brady. Why are you doing this? Because you deserve it. Hi,sweetheart.You're okay. You're in the hospital now, and you're in good hands. Mack called dr. Langston. That was quite a fallyou took, miss lang. - All I care about is -- - the baby will be fine. - Would you excuse us,please? - Yes. I'll be outside. The only thing I'm concerned about is your blood pressure, which is running a little higherthan I'm comfortable with, so I'm going to give youa mild sedative, and that'll bring it right down. No. No,it won't hurt the baby.I promise. - Thank you,nurse. - You're welcome,sir. How is she? Just a little shaken. I want her transferredto a secure room. Her life's still in danger until we catch this guy. Uh, there might be a place we can use in the old wing. Your team could completely secure that area. Do it. You sure this is the place? According to my sources,this is the rock that esposito crawls under at the end of a long day. It looks like the parasitebusiness doesn't pay very well. Hey,don't shed any wet ones for esposito. He's probably pulling in a couple hundred "k" a year. Just for taking pictures of people who want to be left alone? Who you going to blame more the guy snapping the pics or the general public that eats it up? Just 'cause there's a marketdoes not make it right. Hey,check this out.(October November December) February Here,try this one. Looks like espositois definitely our guy. Wait a minute. Isn't that your barn? Uh,you two must havesomething special,C.K. Mom,hi. I'm in metropolis with jimmy. I'll be right there. What's going on? Esposito attacked lana. I got to get to the hospital. Okay,well,we should grab the pics 'cause we might need themfor evidence. C.K.? Hello? Lana,it's chloe. Hey,I heard what happened.Are you okay? Yeah,yeah,I'm fine. I just don't knowwhere anyone Lana. What are you doing here? Your job. You okay? Yeah. What happened? He had a piecehidden on him. I didn't have a choice. It's over,miss lang. Let's get you back home where you belong. Lex's plane'sin the air now, but he won't be backuntil tomorrow. With the storm,the plane was rerouted. Thank you...for everything. If it wasn't for you, I don't even want to think about what would have happened. I hope I'm not crossing a line, but,honestly... lex never should have left you alone. When did you start calling him by his first name? Uh I'm sorry. It's been a rough night. Yeah,I know. I don't think I've eaten since this whole thing started. Could you ask the kitchen to bring something up for me? I sent the staff and the rest of the team home. I-I didn't want them to get caught in the storm. I know I should have asked you first, but,uh no,no,it's okay. It's actually very considerate. Like something you'd do. It's true. You're not like all the other girls that lex paraded in and out of here. Do you remember that line? Been crossinga lot of lines lately. All for you,princess. I watch over you every day... and you never even notice. You took that picture of me in my bedroom. You're the one who's been calling. You killed brady. I wasn't supposed to. He figured out that it had to be some one on lex's security team. I couldn't let him stop me from saving you. Saving me?From who? That photographer you killed? Was he just a part of all of this? He had a part to play, but your ex messed it up. Look,I --I wanted to show you how far I was willing to go. You wanted to shoot him in front of me,didn't you? But clark stopped him before you could get there. Lex is infecting you. You're starting to talk like him,think like him. It makes me sick what he's doing to you. But I can stop it. I can give you your life back. You're right. I never wanted any of this. I didn't know what I was getting myself into. And now I can't get out. Please... ...help me. It's going to be okay. I promise. I'm going to save you. Why did you do that?!Lana!Lana!! Lana certainly is persistent.I'll give her that. Kind of like you were when you were trying to figure out my secret. It just makes me wonder if she had an ulterior motive in hiding out in your bedroom tonight. Do you think that's why she went to my house? Well,I'd like to believethat she fled there because she feels safe there, but you don't spend this much time with lex without picking upa trick or two. I mean,look at all of these pictures esposito took of her sneaking around at your barn. Wait. What was that? That one right there? The children's foundation benefit. My mom was there last night... in metropolis. So if esposito took this... then he couldn't have taken that picture of lana in her bedroom. Then who did? There's nowhere to go. It's too late to save you,lana. You were a good person once. That's how I'll remember you when you're gone. Clark. What happened? How did you... you're safe now. That's all that matters. No,it isn'T. You're here after...everything. Why are you still watching over me? Maybe for the same reason you've been watching me. So it's funny how the main streets from here to smallville miraculously thawed out overnight. You have anything to do with that? Nature'sa mysterious creature. Have you talked to lana? No.We danced to this tune before,clark. I'm not playing pickle in the middle anymore,remember? This time it's different. Lana's getting too close to finding out my secret. What am I supposed to do? Clark,lana risked her life by not showing that photograph to lex. Royou. I think she's proven where her loyalty lies. Yo,C.K. Thanks for fixing me up with the sucker's cocktail in esposito's darkroom. I help you out, you leave me holding the bag for a felony. That's great. Jimmy,after I found out what happened to lana, I had to make sure she was okay. Yeah,I can understand that urge. How is she? She's good,thanks to you. You really came through. Yeah,thanks. You guys should catch up. You know,he's not such a bad guy. Yeah. But he's no jimmy olsen. Does that mean that you miss me? I know. Me too. God,I'm a lucky man. Lana... I can't tell you how powerless I felt not being able to help you. Everything's okay. We're okay. My security chiefat luthorcorp plaza said you never made it there. What happened? I went to the kent farm instead. Lex,you weren't here, and I had to trust my instincts. You taught me that. And those instincts led you to the place your ex-boyfriend happens to live. I went to the kent farm because I thought it was the last place anyone would look for me. That's the only reason. Then that's good enough for me. Lana... above anything else,I trust you. And I love you. Looks like you're working out some issues there. Just doing a little honest work,lex. You should try it sometime. Why start now? My life's perfect. What do you want? Nothing. I just wanted to take a little sleigh ride down memory lane, visit the scene of the crime. Hey,here's where you took my fianc after kidnapping her... right before you tried to kill me. I wasn't myself that night. I'm sorry. Sorry? What,that you didn't finish the job? You know,I'm still a bit fuzzyon the details what with you trying to choke the life out of me, but what fascinates me is how after all that, lana could still feel safe coming here. That was her choice. I had nothing to do with it. You never do. That's all right. You see,I understand the all ure of trying to unravel the mystery of clark kent. I suffered from it once,too... when I thought you mattered. Are we done? Nothing left but the formalities. Ms.Lana Lang and Mr.Lex Luthor Don't look so surprised,clark. Lana still cares about you.I know that. And I know what it would mean to her having you there. Is that really what you want,lex? What I want? What I want is to make lana happy for the rest of her life. And I want you to be there on our wedding day... to see what you lost. Make sure you rsvp. We need a head count for the reception. sync:YTET-Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â addychristen smallville S06E14