*and I won't know * * But you weren't happy the day I * * watched you go * * It's too late to remind you* * how we were * * most of what I remember * * makes me sure * * I should have stopped you from walking * * out the door * * You could be happy, I hope you are * * You made me happier than I'd been by far * * Somehow everything I own smells of you * * And for the tiniest moment * * it's all not true * * Do the things that you always * * wanted to * * Without me there to hold you back * * don't think, just do * * More than anything I want to see you, girl * * Take a glorious bite out * * of the  whole world * -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-angiehuang&addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Smallville Season 06 Episode 16</font> And do you, lana lang, take alexander luthor to be your husband in the holy state of matrimony? Do you promise to love him,comfort him, honor, and keep him in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer, and forsaking all others, as long as you both shall live? I do. Lex! Oh, my god, lex! Lex! I saved you. I loved him. You don't mean that. Lana! No! Wedding Day 11:03am Shouldn't you be at the luthor mansion, arranging flowers? Well, that's just it. I am at the luthor mansion. I just kind of need your help. Where are you? Downstairs in the wine cellar. -Chloe? -Clark? Chloe? Hurry.I'm freezing in here. The handle broke, chloe. Hold on. Thank you so much. If you want a bottle of win eat 11:00 in the morning, go for a red. I am so sorry. Lana hid lex's wedding presentdown here, and she asked me to go get it and then the door...shut. I better go. That's it? You filled yourdamsel-in-distress quota for the day, and you're just...gonna walk away? What am I supposed to do? I guess I always just thought that you would sweep inand save the day, but you're not gonna do that,are you? If lana didn't wantto marry lex, she wouldn'T. Lana's not my hero, clark -- you are. And this whole idea that you're still hiding who you really are, that you're giving up the one person that you totally love -- -I'm protecting her. -Good job. She's marrying a monster and trapping herselfinto a loveless life. Oh, you thinkthis is easy for me? I think it's easierthan getting hurt. You don't hesitate to runinto a burning building or jump in front of a bullet because nothing can penetrate that iron flesh of yours. But the one time saving lana means putting your hearton the line, the man of steelis nowhere to be found. Letting lana go is the hardest thing I've ever had to do, chloe. If you don't know that,then you don't know meas well as I thought you did. To JK The love of my life,MK How'd you know dad was the one? How'd you know he felt the same way? I think when you're young, like you are,like we were... nothing is that simple. I know this is a really hard dayfor you, clark. I can't help but wonder... ...if all those thingsI told myself -- that knowing the truth about me would be too muchfor lana to handle, that if she knew my secret,she'd be in danger... What if I just made up all those excuses 'cause I was scared? Then you'd be just like the rest of us. What do you mean? Your father and i almost didn't get married. I broke it off after a year. We had a horrible argument, and I thought I'd never see him again. You know, we came from such different worlds. Our families,the paths we were on -- everything was stacked against us. Then why'd you getback together? Because I... I couldn't stop thinking about him. What if I take that risk... ...and lana really is happy with lex? All I can tell you, clark,is that, if I hadn't taken that chance, I would have lost everything that's ever meant some thing to me. Clark. I can't let yougo through with this... not unless you know everything. Clark, it's okay.You don't have to explain. -I owe it to you. -No, you don't owe me anything. I'm the one who's been in denial. I thought the love that I have for lex would be enough. But I can't keep turning my back on the truth. What are you saying? I'm not going to marry lex. Look, I don't have time to explain right now. I'll meet you at the barn at 5:00. You have to go.I'll be there -- I promise. Go. Wedding Day 7:14am How'd you sleep? Like a baby. Me too. But I don't know if I can wait. How about we just run off and elope? That would be a big waste of 400 game hens. It's a big day.It's okay to be nervous. I know. I just have a few loose ends I need to tie up. In fact, I have to go and meet chloe so I should get ready. I'll see you at the church. Busy day at the office? I just had some papers to sign before the wedding. Or could it be you're avoiding the fact that you've got no one to be with today and nothing to do? Fine, dad.You pegged me. I'm a little nervous. Do you remember,when you were just a little boy, I'd bring you up here to the office? I used to pretend it was all mine to control, like I could just reach down and move all the cars, as if they were toys... pull all the strings and make people do what I wanted. But I guess it's all out of your control, isn't it? I should hope I taught you better than that. You know, dad, ever since I've been with lana, I wake up wondering, "is today gonna be the day when she sees who I really am?" What if she doesn't show? I honestly don't know what my life is without her. What would you be willing to do to make sure that lana is standing next to you at the altarthis afternoon? Anything. Then she will be --I promise you. It's my wedding day.Whatever it is, it can wait. Is something wrong? I'll be right there. Wedding Day 4:43pm Dr. Langston... ...is this about lana? Is she okay? Oh, that's a bit ambiguous after what you've done to her. In a few minutes,I'm gonna be exchanging rings directly above where you're standing. What was so urgent it couldn't wait? Trust me, lex. I wouldn't want anything to come between youand your beautiful bride -- for instance,the truth about her condition. For your sake, I hope I'm not understanding you. Consider it hazard payfor the dangerous -- not to mention unethical -- position you've put me infor months. And today's the day you hold the most leverage. Wire $2 million to this account, or ms. Lang will know everything. I don't give into blackmail. Oh, I think you will. No man sinks as low as you have if he isn't drivenby desperation. Knowing what you've kept from her, I wouldn't recommend putting her love tthe test. I won't let youtake her away from me! I'll be right there. Is it time? It was... 10 minutes ago. Lana's not here,and no one knows where she is. Lana! Wedding Day 7:09am OTER SAVES STUDENT! LOCAL GIRL SURVIVES TORNADO How'd you sleep? Like a baby. Me too. But I don't knowif I can wait. How about we just run offand elope? That would be a pretty big wasteof 400 game hens. It's a big day. It's okay to be nervous. I know. I just have a few loose ends that I need to tie up. In fact, I have to go meetchloe, so I should get ready. I'll see youat the church. THE MARRIAGE CEREMONY UNITING Ms.LanaLang AND Mr.Alexander Luther Aunt nell. I can't tell you how long I've been looking forwardto this day. I'm so proud of you. I wouldn't have missed this dayfor anything. I know*** Lana... this may be the most important day of your life. what's wrong? It's just... If there were something that youhad to put past you to get on with your life and you tried every way thatwas fair and honest to do that and nothing worked... ...is it really wrong to bend the rules just once? Well, what would put those doubts to rest? The truth. If you are going to promise your heart to lex, you cannot go to that altarwith anything unresolved. When it comes to protecting ourselves... ...we do what we have to do,lana. Wedding Day 10:50am Okay, so you have your final dress fitting at 3:00, the limo's picking you upat 3:30, and you have wedding photos outside the church and naked-male jello wrestling at 5:00. Lana? Look at me. You didn't sleep at all last night, did you? There's been a lot of pressure. Since this is your big day, I'll pretend that I don't see right through that. I think that's a great idea. Okay. What else can I do? Well, if you don't mind, I hid lex's wedding gift in the wine cellar so he wouldn't find it. I guess "personal gofer" falls under the umbrella of "maid of honor." Oh, um,what does it look like? Um, it is behind the bollinger in the cooler. It's a little blue box with a white bow. - Okay. - Thank you. Holy dom pérignon. Perfect. Okay. Come on, lana.Pick up. Pick up. Pick up.Pick up. Pick up. Shoot. Shouldn't you be at the luthormansion, arranging flowers? That's just it. I am at the mansion, butI kind of need your help. Where are you? Downstairs in the wine cellar. Chloe? Clark? Chloe? Hurry.I'm freezing in here. The handle broke, chloe. Hold on. Thank you so much. nextIf you want a bottle of wineat 11:00 in the morning, go for a red. Yeah, I'm so, so sorry. I-I know you'd rather be tied to a boulder of kryptonite than come down here for ground zero of the luthor/lang wedding, but I didn't have a choice. It wasn't my fault. Lana hid lex's wedding present down here, and she asked meto come down and get it, and then the door shut. I better go. Wait, that's it? You filled your damsel-in-distress quota for the day, and you're just gonna walk away? Chloe,what am I supposed to do? I guess I just always figured you'd sweep in at the last minute ansave the day, but you're not gonna do that,are you? If lana didn't want to marry lex, she wouldn'T. Yeah, but lana's not my hero, clark -- you are. And this whole idea that you haven't told her who you really are, that you're giving up the person that you totally love -- - Because... - I'm protecting her. Good job. She's marrying a monster, and she's gonna be trapped in a loveless life. You think this is easy for me? I think it's easier than getting hurt. Clark, you don't hesitate to run into a burning building or jump in front of a bullet because nothing can penetrate that iron flesh of yours. But the one time saving lana means putting your hear ton the line, the man of steelis nowhere to be found. Giving up lana is the hardest thing I've everhad to do in my life. If you don't know that, you don't know me very well. Wedding Day 1:35pm Clark. I cannot let you go through with this... not untilyou know everything. Clark, it's okay. You don't have to explain. I owe it to you. No, you don'towe me anything. I'm the onewho's been in denial. And I thought that the love that I have for lex would be enough, but I can't keep turning my back on the truth. What are you saying? I'm not marrying lex. Look, I don't have time to explain right now. I'll meet you at the barnat 5:00. You have to go. I'll be there -- I promise. Go. Ms. Lang... Shouldn't yoube leaving for the church? What's this? Dear lex,I'm so sorry, but I can't go through with this This will destroy lex. Mr. Luthor, I'm sorry, but this is none of your business. Well,I'm making it my business. I can't let you call off the wedding. Things have changed, and it wouldn't be fair to lex to pretend like they haven'T. You know clark's secret,don't you? I've been watching you since you started seeing my son, and you've been getting closer and closer to finding out the shocking truth about clark kent. What a surpriseit must have been to realize clark has kept up the deception for so long, right under your nose. He was trying to protect me. And he's not gonna let you threaten me now. You think clark's invincible. It's not so.Like every hero, he hasan achilles' heel, a weakness. I know what it is. And I knowthat it could kill him. No. You could never hurt him. Would you bet... clark's life on that? I give you my word,ms. Lang, if you don't honor the promise that you've made to my son or I find out you've told anyone about this conversation, I will kill clark kent. She didn'ttell you anything? No, she just vanished. She won't answer her cell. Sorry, lex,I don't know what to say, but I'm sure there's an explanation for all this. Father, did lana say anything to you, anything that might have indicated... be patient, lex. Give her a little more time. Wedding-day jittersare to be expected. She's not coming. I've loved you since the first moment I saw you. Will you marry me? It's too corny, huh? Do you, alexander luthor, take lana langto be your wife in the holy state of matrimony? Do you promise to love her,comfort her, honor, and keep her, in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer, and forsaking all others, as long as you bothshall live? I do. And do you, lana lang, take alexander luthor to be your husband in the holy state of matrimony? Do you promise to love him,comfort him, honor, and keep him, in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer, and forsaking all others, as long as you bothshall live? I do. May I present to youmr. And mrs. Alexander luthor? I never thought it was possible to be this happy. How did I ever turn out to be the man who gets to spend the rest of his life with you? Okay. I'll just get my things...mrs. Luthor. I'll be right there. I waited for you. Clark. What happened? I'm -- I'm really sorry.I, uh, I didn't mean to hurt you... but I want to be with lex. That's not true. He got to you, didn't he? No, please, just believe meand let it go. Let it go? Let it go?!Lana, I love you. I love you. Clark, don't. Tell me what he did. What did lex do? You don't have to stay with him. He didn't do anything. I've made my decision. I just want to be with him. Why do you keep saying that? Lana, we should be together. I want this more than I've ever wanted anything, and I know that you do, too. I've --I've had a change of heart. You don't mean that. Is this because of my secret? Lana, I'll tell you. I'm not like everyone else. - I'm -- - no, clark, you -- - you have to go. - No! No... not untilyou look me in the eye and you tell me that you'd rather spend the rest of your life with lex luthor instead of me. I'm sorry, clark. I love lex. Congratulations, son. Thanks, dad. And why do I get the feeling that's not all you came to say? Good to seethe euphoria of your wedding day hasn't temperedyour cynicism. I guess old habits die hard. And***,Aren't they? Do you sit up at night, practicing this stuff? How could you be so stupid? A grown manon his wedding day, and you need me to come to the rescue again -- you are pathetic. I don't knowwhat you're talking about. Don't play the fool with me,lex. There's a crypt down below that has gottena little overcrowded. - It was an accident. - Of course it was. You don't have the gutsto plan a successful murder. And if anyone should discover that the fresh corpse downstairs happens to be that of your bride's physician, they just might stumble onto thetruth about lana's pregnancy. She's made a desperate manof you, lex. Okay. You win. Whatever you want,it's yours -- control of luthorcorp, 33.1. You don't have to worry,lex. You'll know when it's time for me to collect. Thanks, dad. Sorry.I didn't mean to interrupt. Mrs. Luthor. Welcome to the family. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-angiehuang&addychristen