I took a little piece of your dna, And now i'm gonna take your life. Do we have what we need? It looks like your fleet of fighters Are about to get their jet fuel. I had a run-In with the last phantom. I have to leave earth's atmosphere to heal. I'm leaving lex. Do you really think i could just let you walk away? Lana! Lana -- She's dead, son. I don't believe you. Why did you kill her? I'm some kind of meteor freak, aren't i? I'm not going anywhere Until you tell me what's really going on at this dam. You can't die. You're under arrest for the murder of lana luthor. Chloe? What the hell are you? I'm you, only a little more bizarre. and now the season premier of "smallville." Dad, how long are we staying here? Dad, there's no fish here. Son, this is the bes?? Hang on, chlo. I'll get us out of here. Those people. I have to get back to the dam. Hey, clark. You ever wonder what would happen to all these humans If you weren't here to play savior? I know you do. You just never admit it. You don't know anything about me. No, clark. I know everything about you. I didn't just borrow your dna. I have all your memories, all your thoughts, Every last twisted one of them. When i'm living your life, I won't make those same mistakes. Hey, bud. Dad? Run! Dad! Dad! Wake up! Dad! Dad, wake up! Run! Dad! Are you all right, buddy? No! Help me, please. Hey. It's okay. Lionel?! Help! Can anybody hear us?! Is she dead? No, honey. She's not dead. She's just... a litt hurt. Help! Help! How did you do -- The ceiling's unstable. We're lucky it caved in. Oh, let's not wait to get lucky again. Chloe? Chloe? £¿£¿ Start an arterial line. Inflate gases. Prep for a chest tube now, stat. Lois. You want to tell me what happened out there? It's gonna sound insane. I don't know, clark. Maybe i was unconscious and dreaming. Maybe you weren't. The last thing i remember, I was pulling an eight-Inch knife out of my gut, And there was blood everywhere. I dialed chloe, and i had this chill, And my hands started to tingle, And then i must have passed out. So someone stabbed you? A guard -- Right here. I know. But there was this warm light all around me. And when i woke up, the wound was healed And chloe was lying a few feet away, unconscious. You said that lex May have been doing some experiments down there. When i was out, Maybe one of his men did something to me... And chloe. That's it. I can't just stand around here waiting. I'm going to see what lex did to her. Lex? Lex is dangerous. I am not stupid, smallville, okay? I know that he's not just gonna cough up All his deep, dark secrets. But you heard the doctors. None of chloe's vitals were normal. If someone at the mansion knows what happened, I will take my chances with dr. Evil. Maybe lana can help me do some digging. Lois, um... ...there's something you should know. If this is another heart-To-Heart about lana, I don't mean to be insensitive, But chloe is fighting for her life, And i am barely keeping it together, So one more ounce of emotion -- I might just lose it. So make yourself useful for once. Just stay here and make sure nothing happens to my coz, okay? Wo mr. Luthor, the helicopter's waiting. We should have you out of u.S. Jurisdiction in two hours. I was dead. And there was this light. And an angel. Why would she save me... After all i've done? Lock down the perimeter. Secure the stairwell. The only thing gettingn or out of here is that chopper. Sir, you're wanted for your wife's murder. We need you to hurry. Her soft skin... And her hair... That half-Awake smile Wh she saw me come in like... She didn't know if she was still in a dream. She was the only thing i was living for. I'm sorry for your loss, sir. But right now we need to get you airborne. Police will be here any minute. I'm well aware of that. I'm turning myself in. Okay. Whoa! Smallville, you scared me. Where have you been hiding? Uh, maybe where i told you i'd be. Although i got zilch. Lex's men must have cleared everything out Before the cops came. Hey! Hey. Why aren't you watching chloe? Man, how can a guy miss What's been right in front of him l this time? Slow down there, tiger. A little personal-Space breach. Come on, i know you're looking for a guy Who doesn't play by the rules. And on what planet is that you, smallville? Whatever planet you want me to take you to. Whoa, hey! Maybe next time. Wo where's my 1 mil of epinephrine? I'm on it. It's in. She's not responding. Check that monitor. Those readings aren't possible. We've got atrial fibrillation. Charge the defib. I need 200 joules. Come on, chloe. Pump it up. New charge. Clear. Come on, chloe. Stay with me. Clear. Time of death 13:48. Help! Somebody help me! No. Where's miss lane? She just left. Chloe's gonna be okay, isn't she? I can't share any information with you Until we've notified Miss sullivan's immediate family. No. No That's a restricted area. Get him out. You can't be in here. Where's chloe sullivan? She didn't make it. I'm sorry. Clark! Somebody help me! Help! It's okay. It's okay. Clark, what happened? Am i in a morgue? Come on, let's get you out -- Why am i in a morgue? You're alive. That's what matters now. But i wasn't alive, was i? Lois. Lois is fine. I'm guessing you know that better than anyone. Turn around. She showed me her stab wound, The one that didn't leave a scratch. I thought i had the market on resurrections today. May have done something to you when you were out. You want to tell me what really haened? Clark, as much as i would love to contribute To lois' divine-Intervention story, I was a little busy being unconscious. Clark, i don't have time for 20 questions right now. You just died and came back to life. Don't you think you should have your blood pressure taken? And get turned into some sort of lab rat? From one guinea pig to another, i think i'll pass. clark means more to me than you ever will. that's the last time you'll ever touch me. do you really think i could just let you walk away? what are you going to do, lex? kill me? With evidence like that, I doubt we'd be able to get you bail. I'm not worried about me. I want an update on the recovery efforts of the dam, And more specifically i need to know the status of model 503. Most of the compromised units have been recovered, But we're still looking for 503. My father? Still unaccounted for. Sir, we have to find you an alibi. I wasn't miraculously saved To run away from my demons, keating. I was brought back to face them. Be careful what you wish for. That was easy. I loed for you at the mansion. ¶àóàµä»°we need a little privacy. The phantom. You took clark's body. Just a few cells. Clark's still alive. He's out there. And you will help me kill him. I need meteor rocks --A lot I'd never help you kill clark. Lex, redemption doesn't suit you. Why protect a clark kent who hates u When you can help the one who wants to be your ally? It's what you've always wanted. Isn't it, lex? Hey. Oh, it's really hard to concentrate When lana was here one minute and now she's just... Ò²ëãã»óðóãµägone. I'm so sorry, clark. There's a lot more people that could get hurt right now. Yeah. Denial should be our friend right now. Okay, so, this phantom-Clark thing was inhabiting humans. But when he touched you, it just replicated. Why? The phantom needed a kryptonian body In order to replicate to become whole again. Chloe, i don't know how to stop him. It's not like i can just fly after him. This guy can fly? God, clark. You got to get on that one. Well, where's our bizarro clark now? I don't know. But, chloe, before i hit him, his face distorted, Almost like he was hurt. Which is why he pushed pause On his one-Man mission to kill you. But why would your doppelganger weaken if you didn't? It's like everything affects him the opposite. When lionel held the meteor rock to him, It almost made him stronger. Soaybe he went to find more meteor rocks So he could recharge and finish the job he started. Oliver's been tracking all of lex's meteor shipments For his 33.1 experiments. Yeah, and it says here in these records That there were several containers Transferred to reeves dam just a couple weeks ago. Clark, if he gets there before you do, There's no way you can go up against him alone. I mean, how are you gonna take this guy down? I don't know, chloe. But there is someone who might. When you left here, you were hurt pretty badly. How did you heal so fast? I just had to leave the earth's atmosphere. But in my absence, it appeared you did Exactly what you were always trying to prevent. I unleashed a carbon copy of myself... Only without my -- Humanity. What was i supposed to do, Let him kill every host he inhabited? That is one of the hardest trials you will face, kal-El. While your humanity is your greatest strength, It is also your greatest vulnerability. Well, it's part of who i am. And it's who i want to be. I'm prd that i was raised to care about people, And i am not gonna apologize for it anymore. I know. But this creature Was discarded at birth as a poor imitation. He was shown no compassion, no conscience. Therefore, he has none. He knows only one thing -- Survival. How do i stop someone Who has all my powers and none of my weaknesses? By opening your eyes To what you take for granted every day. Your faith in humans Is not the only thing that gives you strength. Yellow sun. That's why his face distorted when he got into the light. That may be the only way to defeat him. I can help, but it's your battle. The section of the dam where the meteor rock is stored Shouldn't have been compromised. The meteor rocks are in there. I may have tracked you around the globe, But clearly you're not a native. Where are you from, And why did you only replicate clark? Now you got a decision to make, lex. What's more important -- Destroying me Or solving the mystery of clark kent? Wrong decision. You had the existence i could only dream of, Every pleasure  at your disposal, and you wasted it. You don't deserve this life, clark. But i do. Come on. Wo <i>thfairy-Tale marriage</i> of lana lang to lex luthor ended in tragedy. sources say the billionaire is being held for questioning in the explosion that cut short such a... Clark? police say lang's vehicle exploded in what was believed to be a car bomb behind a local coffeehouse. according to wire services, a funeral date has yet to be set. although no witnesses have come forward, lex luthor was apprehended near reeves dam, which was the source of the recent... I know you wanted to be alone, but... I thought i'd come byand see If i could get more than two words out of you. Thanks, chloe. I think i'll take a rain check. Yeah, well, i guess you deserve A little bit of peace and quiet After sending the evil bobbsey twin To the sunny side of mars. Who's to say he's any more evil than i am? Unless you have a second secret identity That i don't know about, i... Chloe, when i heard about lana, I went to find lex.And i wasn't gonna let him leave there alive. The irony is i think it was the first time I ever really understood lex. Loving someone is hard. It's difficult. But hate -- Hate is so... Clean. Maybe you need to feel this right now. I mean, anger is a natural human emotion. Well, that's just it. 'Cause when that phantom was trying to kill me And i was staring into my own eyes, I saw the monster that i could become if i wanted to. It was a reminder that i am not human. Tell that to every person you've ever saved. Clark, whether you want to e it or not, You're one of us now. And the fact that you're from a galaxy far, far away .Just... Adds character. And you know i'm here, No matter what side of nature or nurture Happens to be winning out. It goes both ways, chloe. Whatever happened in that dam, You ended up in a morgue. Yeah, it was nothing. I'm just saying that when you're ready -- Thanks. Clark, there you are. I forgive you. For what? Oh,don't make me relive it. It was traumatizing enough the first time around. And by the way, you've got some explaining to do there. Lois, i'm sorry. I know you are. And i know you didn't mean it. You were just in shock. I heard about lana on the news. Clark, i'm so sorry. Look, all i can say is... At first you don't know how you'll ever make it through, But somehow you do. Just trust me on this one. But if you ever grab my ass again, I will be taking your head with me when i go. Okay? Your father would be proud. He did everything he could to prepare you. But bravery is not something you can learn. How much bravery does it take when you're getting pummeled? Kal-El... You could have ignored all the phantoms That escaped the phantom zone, But you chose to take responsibility and stop them, Even one more powerful than you. In a weird way, he may have been right. Maybe i have allowed myself to become weak, Caring too much about everything, everyone here. You've learned a lot from your time in smallville. These people  have made you who you are. They won't always be here. Losing lana has made me realize No matter how close i get, someday they'll all be gone. And all the time that i've spent