is a special twin matchup introducing two new combatants. In this corner,the voluptuous... the vicious... vixen ! And now... entering our arena for the very first time... ladies and gentlemen,please welcome... the all-powerful,the all-american... man of steel ! You're paid to keep an eye on the fights, not me. The view in here's a lot better. Security guard by day, catholic schoolgirl by night -- you're a woman of many talents, athena. And a woman of many desires. Unfortunately,none of them are you. Taking off early ? Rough day. How's the fight going ? It will all be over soon. Big guy just showed up. He's an animal. Where'd maddox find him ? Outside a bar in omaha busting up a group of hells angels. Next time I catch you peeping at me... I'll put you in a cage with him. What the hell's going on here ? He's tearing up the place. He just killed maddox ! - Who ? ! - Titan ! Time to die, kryptonian. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Smallville Season 06 Episode 17 46 Hours Earlier Thanks, oliver. Yeah, I'll call you if I find anything. Bye. "Police are baffled over a recent string" of bizarre citizens' arrests. "Numerous career criminals have been mysteriously delivered" to stations throughout the metro area, in most cases unconscious." Clark, do you know anything about this ? Sounds like some bad guys have finally been brought to justice. Well, some of them were hurt pretty badly. That sounds like a little more than justice. They were meteor-infected and put up a fight. I know you're trying to help, but you can't go about it this way. It's -- it's not right. You know what's not right, mom, is staying up here and doing nothing when I could be out there making a difference. Now, I got to go. Oliver gave me a tip. I got to follow up on it. Clark... I know how difficult lex and lana's wedding was for you, but ever since that day, it's like you've become another person. Why ? Because I'm not distracted by my feelings for lana anymore ? That I could finally focus on what I need to do ? Sweetheart,you should never consider what you felt to be a distraction. Love is a natural human emotion. Then maybe my mistake was having those feelings at all. I'm not human, mom. It's time I stopped pretending to be. Live ! OR Die ! Clark, oh, my god. Can you believe this ? A krypto fight club on the internet ? How come nobody else knows about this ? According to oliver, getting the link and the password costs more than most people make in a year. Get up ! Get up ! Clark,he just killed that guy. Chloe, I need you to trace the link back to the source. I'm trying, but they're bouncing it off about a billion different proxy servers. I mean... Whoever's running this operation made sure that no one would be able to find him. Didn't oliver and your superpals give you anything else ? It was a short conversation, chloe. I've been kind of busy lately. All he said was he thought the location was somewhere nearby. The security on this stream is off the charts. I mean, I can't record it, I can't download it.I can't. Hey, hey, fight fans ! Your winner and still undisputed champion... the one, the only... titan ! Freeze that frame. What is that ? Is that kryptonian ? It's a prison tattoo. Chloe, titan isn't meteor-infected. He's from the phantom zone. I thought we'd end the evening with a toast. We've officially been married one week. The baby's safe. It's just sparkling cider. It's not quite the same as celebrating on the beach in boquete, but I guess it will have to do. Lex, I'm sorry. I know how much you wanted to go on this honeymoon,but, like I said before, I don't think that flying off to some foreign country is good for the baby. Are you sure that's the only reason you gave up a week in paradise ? Ever since the wedding,I feel like you've been pulling away from me. Everything happened so quickly -- this pregnancy,the wedding. I still feel like I'm trying to catch up. I just need a little time. Take as much time as you need. We have the rest of our lives together. Look, I'm sure things will be different once the baby's born. Right ? To our new family. Clark...slow down. I don't have enough money to hire a full-time maid to clean up every time you decide to blow in. What did you find ? The url and the password that oliver gave you are both null and void, which means that the fight-club promoters must be rotating them in order to maximize security and profit. You have nothing ! Don't bite my head off. You know I always have something up my sleeve. I'm starting to think that supersleu thing might be my latent krypto power. Okay, so it turns out that our billy idol look-alike is actually a meteor-infected belle reve resident. Now,this is the weird thing. After he was killed in that cage, he was returned back to his padded cell. The orderlies found his body this morning. So if we find who got him in and out of the hospital, he'll lead us straight to the fight club... and to titan. Already on it. See ?Your sidekick isn't completely useless. I'm sorry I snapped,chloe. I'm worried that titan might be a bigger threat than I thought. Your friend down at metropolis precinct helped me find these. It's titan's victims. They were all found between a crater outside of omaha, where I think he landed, and metropolis. He left the same wound on all the bodies, and -- and they're all fighters. I know why -- the tattoo on titan's arm. From what I could tell, it said he was a warrior enhanced for combat. Ever since he's been here, he's been looking for a fight. What better challenge for a brawl-loving zoner than a rumble at a krypto fight club ? Hey. Can you believe this ? I couldn't find proof of the chupacabra in the everglades, so now my editor wants to downsize me. If I don't come up with an article in the next 48 hours, I can say adios to my weekly paycheck. - Is that a story ? - No. Okay, look,normally I would be hands-off, but this puppy needs a bone. Please, coz. I'll owe you big-time. There's no story for the inquisitor here, lois. It's just a dead end. I'm sure after a shower and a cappuccino, you'll come up with something in no time. Clark's right. We'll give you some room. I could have used a little help. "Fr-44." Fort ryan, hangar 44. Hey, puss in boots. Where you going ? Whoa.Hey, my car overheated on the way to work, and I just needed some water for my radiator. What are you all dressed up for, kitten ? I'm a dancer... at the phoenix. Strip club down the road ? Yeah. Look, I go onstage in 15 minutes. I could sure use your help. This place...is a little off the beaten path. How'd you even know we were back here ? My dad's a general. Before the base was mothballed and sold off, I came here all the time with him. A general, huh ? I bet he's proud of how his little girl turned out. Come on... help a girl out ? I'll leave your name at the front door. You can watch my act. I do a killer stars-and-stripes routine. I've always been a sucker for a girl in boots. Lucky me. Wait right here, kitten. I'll be right back. You're a very nosy girl,kitty cat. Pretty nice moves... for a stripper. Oh, honey, I learned even better ones as an army brat. For your information, my daddy is proud of me... kitty cat. If you were my little girl, I'd be proud of you, too. So, I think I found our vince mcmahon wannabe, and he has total access to an endless supply of meteor freaks. Meet richter maddox, executive administrator at belle reve. How's this guy keeping titan locked up in belle reve ? Actually,our jolly mean giant isn't in the belle reve yearbook. He must be freelancing. Maddox isn't just pulling fighters from the hospital, he's using outside talent ? If I can talk my way into that ring, I'll find titan. These bouts are televised live. You can't risk showing people your face. I don't have a choice, chloe. Clark, he can kill you. Not if I kill him first. Keep me updated on your progress. You have full discretion,bartlett. - Make it happen. - Yes, sir. CONFIDENTIAL Corto Maltese - Compromised Lana ? Lex. Lana. Oh, my god. There's something wrong. Lana. Somebody help me ! Someone ! Smallville Medical Center Lex. Lana. Mrs. Luthor, you shouldn't get out of bed yet. Lana,you just passed out. You're at smallville medical center. Where's dr. Langston ? Is the baby all right ? He didn't return my page, so I called in dr. Albright. She's been my family doctor for years. You're going to be fine,mrs. Luthor. You just need to get some rest. Is the baby all right ? Could you give us a minute ? Lex. Lana. There were complications. - We lost the baby. - No. - I'm sorry. - No. BELLE REVE SANITARIUM KEEP OUT ! You scared me. Where did you come from ? You wouldn't believe me if I told you. I've had a long day, so if you're looking to check in, the admitting desk is in the front lobby. I'm looking for you, mr. Maddox. I want to fight. - What did I do to you ? - No. I mean I want to be in your fight club. you must have me confused with someone else. It happens.I have that kind of face. Come here. I know about the fight club. I know you're not only using patients from belle reve. I want in. Okay, look.The only place I can get you into is this psychiatric facility. You're clearly a very sick person, and you need help. If treatment's not what you're looking for... then I suggest you back off. You're barking at the wrong dog, jethro. Now put your tail between your legs and get lost. Not until you let me in that cage. Yeah. Now, you're just full of surprises, aren't you ? You haven't seen anything yet. No, I bet not. Now, I thought with your pretty face, you've never gone a round in your life. But now I can see it in your eyes. Yeah, there it is. You got some fight in you, don't you ? Welcome to the show. Yes ! Hey, what do you think of the name "the man of steel" ? "Man of steel" ? Yeah, I give all the fighters their monikers. Trust me, it's name that no one's ever going to forget. I got a feeling about these things. Some people say I'm psychic. Now, remember. Play it up for the cameras. People are forking over top dollar to see these fights online,all right ? - Where's the crowd ? - Well,what's crowd ?We don't have a crowd. ***Can't have a crowd if you want to keep this secret. Besides,who needs an audience when you got 50,000 watts of sound ? Check that out.I just bought that. ***Gate ! Now, here's how it works. We sell the spectacle to the "high rollers" online. And the noise pumps up the fighters for the fight. - Where's titan ? - Titan ? That's the main event. I want to warm you up with something easy. It won't be much of a fight, but then again, it doesn't matter because all the fans want to see is somebody die. Then who am I fighting ? Get off me ! - *** - Lois ? Smallville ? Stand by on one. We're online... in 3...2...1. Hey, fight fans ! Are you ready ? Tonight's undercard is a special twin matchup introducing two new combatants. In this corner,the voluptuous... the vicious... vixen ! Yummy. And now... entering our arena for the very first time... ladies and gentlemen,please welcome... the all-powerful,the all-american... man of steel ! I can't wait. Ladies. Good luck, pretty boy. Lois, what are you doing here ? Trying to stay alive. - Punch me. - What ? Look, not too hard, just enough to make it look real. All they want is a fight. So when I hit the mat, maddox will come back in. We make our getaway. I'm not going to punch you, lois. Fine. Then you take the dive. That is not just a six-pack on you. That's a steel case. Kal-el. Whoa ! Wait, wait. The light feed went down. Show's over ! Lois...run. What the hell's going on here ? He's tearing up the place. He just killed maddox ! - Who ? ! - Titan ! Leave her alone ! The human means nothing to me. You're the fight I've been hoping for. You don't belong here. You're the one that doesn't belong. Time to die, kryptonian. My turn. Good fight. Sorry to bother you with business, sir. - I know this must be a difficult time. - Get to the point. We located the fight club, as you instructed. - So you have titan ? - Negative. He was dead when the team arrived. According to your reports, titan decimated some of the toughest meteor freaks out there. Now, who could have taken him down ? We don't know, sir. We lost our internet link right before the team moved in. They did retrieve titan's body. I think you'll find the autopsy report interesting. He wasn't a meteor freak. No, sir. Titan wasn't human. How's lois ? She's pretty banged up, but the doctor says she's going to be all right. She's already started working on her article about the fight club. Don't worry.She didn't see me do anything newsworthy. I won't be making any headlines. I'm glad to know she's fine. How are you doing ? I thought that titan was the last prisoner I let escape from the phantom zone. But looking at all these... if there are any more out there, I'm sure you'll find them. And then what ? I don't know how to return them to the phantom zone. The only way to get rid of them... is to kill them like I did titan. Clark... from what you told me, that was an accident. That's what I keep telling myself. Well, what if it wasn't ? He would have killed you. So I just killed him first ? How does that make me any different than titan ? What you're feeling right now is what makes you different -- regret, remorse for a vicious creature who would have murdered you and lois without a second thought ? Those feelings are what make you human no matter how much you deny it. And what about the anger ? I wanted to kill him, mom. I wanted to kill him with my bare hands. I've never felt rage like that before. You were angry before you ever heard of titan. We both know that's not what this is about. How could lana do it ? How could she marry lex ? I don't know, clark, but she made her choice. Or someone made it for her. I have to figure out what happened. I got to do something. Honey... I understand how much this hurts, but part of being human, of being in love... is learning to let go. If you can't, I'm afraid the anger you're feeling will always be there. Nell called. She wanted to know if you'd like some company tomorrow. I don't know. Lana, you haven't left this room since we got back from the hospital. I like it here. I called dr. Langston to tell him what happened. They told me he was killed in a car accident. Oh, my god. That's terrible.When ? The day of our wedding. Lex, why is all this happening ? Some things in life are just... out of your control. Sometimes you have to let go and leave it in the hands of a greater power. I lost our baby. I'm -- I'm so sorry. Hey... it wasn't your fault. I have to know for sure. I need to get my files from dr. Langston's office. We will. Lana, how can I make -- how can I help make the pain go away ? What can I do ? Are you sure these are all of her files ? Thank you for your help,dr. Albright. And forget you ever heard of lana luthor. Smallville Medical Center CONFIDENTIAL LANG.LANA -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font>