Kneel before Zod. I have always been true to my word, and I will find the answers we are looking for, or I will die in the quest! My brother and sister Kandorian's, he has come. Kneel before Kal-El. When you told me you could help me find my father, I didn't know it was because you wired my house. Clark, I wanted to keep an eye on your place until you came home. I've been home for weeks. You didn't tell me anything about them. I'm sorry. Is there any part of the person that I used to know still there? Maybe not. I took a look in the mirror, and you were right. I've been running away from myself for a long time, but now I know who I really am. You were living like you had a death wish. I had to push you over the ledge in order to pull you back. Even with your face in the gutter, you still had the hero in your heart. Thank you. I know what I'm talking about, Mia, because I used to fight for the same reasons that you do. I can train you, to teach you how to overcome your fear... and get you off the streets. My hero. What's easier to believe? That there was some phone glitch or that the farm guy is a super powered hero? I must have been crazy to look at Clark through blur-colored glasses. You said I had a secret. You're right. Let's see what you got. It's just sometimes I feel like I see a whole other side of you. I was hoping that we could grab something to eat tonight. I'll meet you there. See, that party wasn't so bad. Plus, all the money from the bar goes to charity. So somewhere, a kid is getting a new pair of shoes, all because I drank a Crantini. I'm sure there's more than a few kids getting shoes, compliments of Lois Lane... not that I was keeping track. Hey, mister, that was two hours and five cups of coffee ago. And, okay, I was just... a little nervous. It was our first public outing as kind of like... a couple. Emphasis on "kind of. " You wouldn't even let me help you with your coat. I held your hand. Only when you were taking hors d'oeuvres out of it. Tess seemed okay when she found out her top basement reporters are dating... although not everyone was doing the happy dance when they saw us together. Ollie didn't have much to say. He left right after we got there. Oliver's gotten over bigger hurdles in his life than his friends dating. Well, it is a lot to get your head around, Clark Kent and Lois Lane. Who knew? I did. You know, Lois, we could go back to the farm and take a walk. I could give you Clark Kent's tour of the galaxy. Smallville... The only planet you know about is the one that you read at the breakfast table. Okay, then. That was PDA number four on date number five. I'm just keeping track, Trying not to rush into this relationship, like I've done before. Lois, there's nothing we'll be doing in five weeks that we can't do tonight. I know. It's just... This is the one. You're the one that I want to get it right with, okay, so... Night. Night. Please, help! No! No, not my wedding ring! I'll see you tomorrow morning. Don't worry... the galaxy will be there next week. Damn it. I knew I should've changed the alternator myself. Come on, Oliver. Jealous much?! Oh, my God. "Somebody save me" "Let your warm hands break right through me" "Somebody save me" "I don't care how you do it" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" "I've been waiting for you" "I've made this whole world shine for you" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" SMALLVILLE 9x09 "PANDORA" Subtitles subXpacio Oliver! Oliver! No, Oliver! Oh, God! Mia... What the hell was that about? You tell me. I came here for our training session, Mia, not an audition for "Kill Bill 3." I thought if I surprised you, I might actually stand a chance of kicking your butt. Then you tried to snap my windpipe. Well, you make a pretty convincing Ninja. Oliver, that was more than an overreaction. You didn't even respond to your own name. It was like you were someone else. This coming from the woman in the mask. Chloe. Chloe, what's wrong? The apple is such a plain yet fascinating fruit. What are you doing here? You know, it was the apple that launched the Trojan War? One of the great epic battles of all time. And, also, in many religions here, it's the apple's fall from the tree of knowledge... that represents the fall of man. Now, I found that story quite interesting... because it so aptly illustrates how humans hoard knowledge. Whereas our own Kryptonian religion... now, that teaches... knowledge should be shared... by all. I'm sure you didn’t come here for a Sunday-school lesson. What do you want? When we bowed down before you, Kal-El, we embraced you with open hearts. Well... some of us feel as if our favor has not been returned. Your people... our people. Our people have assimilated well. They don't need my help as much as the humans. No, we need it more. We have no powers here, Kal-El. And they expect you to help us get them. We need leadership, a mentor. I can't help you. I don't know how to give our people my powers. Surely, it's a mystery we can solve together. Earth is not another Krypton. And trying to make it one is a dangerous plan. Our people, they don't want to conquer. But... if we don't deliver their powers soon, then... sooner or later they will do whatever it takes... to get what they want themselves. We, um... we have to be able to defend ourselves, Kal-El. These humans' brutality is, uh... is extraordinary. And if they discover us, they will hunt us down like animals. I won't let that happen. You are reluctant to take action because you don't trust me. You think I killed Jor-El. I lost a son. And I would never deprive anyone of his father in this life. You must believe me. Hello? Lois? Is she all right? I'll be right there. Lois! Clark. I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have left you last night. This never would've happened. It's not your fault that I had a bad alternator, Smallville. Look, some psycho obviously wanted to get himself on the front page, and so he decided to shoot the ace reporter. What did he look like? Did you see him? Yeah. He was dressed up like Green Arrow. Hey. You okay? You don't look so great... Which, for you, is not exactly easy. Uh, I didn't realize Lois already had a visitor. Come on. Ollie... It's been years since you and Lois steamed up any elevator glass. I know. I know. You have a suspect? Yeah. Uh, he was dressed up like... you, actually. What? Yeah. I didn't want to tell you this over the phone, but... Lois was shot with an arrow. It went in under her right shoulder. It didn't do any damage, but the doctor said that if it had been... just a centimeter to the right or the left, her artery would have been seviche. She would've died in minutes. Lucky for her, the guy wasn't exactly William Tell. No. No, this guy makes William Tell look like a summer-camp archery coach. We're not dealing with just some random shot here, Chloe. That's a target specifically designed to take down your enemy without killing them. Our shooter’s not an amateur. This guy's a crack marksman. Not many people in the world could hit that shot. Where's this arrow? The police are running some tests on it. It's pretty low-tech compared to your titanium missiles. What? Nothing. Vordigan. Clark, thank goodness. A girl could not live by online blackjack alone. I am so sorry to disappoint, but I was hoping to make it up with flowers. Not that I'm against taking flowers from men I've never met, 'cause lord knows I have, I think you have the wrong room. Yeah. Forgive my lack of manners. America must be wearing off on me. I'm an old friend of Clark's. I was donating blood, and I thought I'd stop by and see how you were recovering. Oh. Look, Clark must have mentioned me. I'm Zod. Can't say that he has. And being a championship-wrestling fan, I'd definitely remember a name like that. Well, you may have never heard of me, but I have heard all about Lois Lane. Is that supposed to impress me? Oh, that Clark Kent, huh? Can't stop talking about you. - Really? - Yeah. After meeting you, I can see that he's not exaggerating. How do you know Clark again? We've got a lot of history together. And one night, when, uh, when you're better, we'll go out and I'll tell you all about the real Clark Kent. Hmm? Tequila's on me. I'm not sure Clark's parents even know the real Clark Kent. Uh, do you mean his adoptive parents? His only parents, really. I don't think he has any idea who his birth parents are. No. Okay. Okay. Oh, uh... here's to a speedy recovery. The kids on the second floor were selling them, and... it's a... it's a charm. Interesting shape. Thanks. Now, you tell that Clark Kent... that he's a very lucky man. Hmm. I will. You want to tell me what you're doing? 'cause this looks serial-killer scary. Okay. Is this where you tell me you hate the taste of flesh and make me feel better? It's nothing, really. You have every surveillance photo... Queen Industries can capture of you over the last two days. What the hell's up with that? I think someone's following me. Well, I guess that would explain our near-fatal meet and greet this morning. Yeah, not a real great time to dress up in black and go Steven Seagal on me. So... All I'm seeing so far in these pics is... you. Isn't this where that lady got shot last night? Oh, no, no, no. Hell no. You put that back where you found it. You're in enough trouble as it is. Look, Mia, there's a lot of things here that you don't know about me, okay? I had no right trying to play mentor with you. It's way too risky. What? No. No, I'm not just gonna leave you like this. The hell you're not. I'm not your teacher anymore, you understand me? I want you to walk through that door and don't look back. Get the hell out of here. Watchtower. Security breach. Watchtower. Security breach. Watchtower. Security breach. Watchtower. Security breach. Chloe, what happened? I'm starting to think our favorite archer isn't all green. Oliver. Oliver's got a greater destiny, and you're going to help me fulfill it. And how many arrow-toting Rambos out there know about Watchtower? And of those, how many could hack into my system? Going after Lois... I mean, it's been hard for Oliver ever since she and I... Clark, I know that from the outside, it doesn't seem like Oliver would ever do anything to hurt Lois and me, but... his dark half might. He left that half behind. Really? Don't you think he bounced back just a little bit fast? I mean, maybe he suppressed it. Split personalities don't know what the other half is doing. You think that's what happened to him? Chloe, it would take more than drugs and a few boxing blows to make him go Jekyll/Hyde. There's something I have to tell you, Clark. A few weeks ago, when Oliver saved Victoria Sinclair, he pulled his life out of the emergency lane and crossed the finish line a hero again. But he didn't do it on his own. I changed a couple of tires along the way. I set the whole thing up. What? He was dead hero walking, Clark. I had to do something. So you went out by yourself and you saved him? Isn't that what you do every day? You should have told me. And this is exactly why I didn't tell you, Clark. Anytime you have to pull the trigger... on making a difficult decision, you always just walk away. I do what's right. You're not willing to do what's necessary. Pulling the trigger on Oliver, was that necessary? Not if it really shattered him. - Where are you going? - To pick up the pieces. Lois, what are you doing here? Well, someone planted an arrow pretty damn close to my heart, and I don't think it's Cupid. There's someone after me, and I think they did this to you. Okay, I get that there are some things that you have to keep from me, but why would they have attacked me? Because they know we were together, and they're trying to hurt me. What about all the other girls you were with? Why couldn't they have shot the Danish underwear model? Lois, this person knows everything about me. They know that out of all those other women, the only one I ever really cared about... was you. - Lois... - Oliver... I know you're under a lot of stress right now, but you have to pull yourself together. You have to find whoever attacked Chloe and I. Chloe was attacked? Yes. She's okay. Now, I get why this person would go after an ex-lover, but not a friend. "Lover." Oh, God. No vows, no lovers, no allies... and no disciples. Mia. Look, I know you probably don't want to see me anytime this century, but I finished my research with those arrows, and they were heavily collected, just not by Oliver. Maybe I was wrong. I wish you were. I hate to add another boxcar to the bad-news train, but I've seen this same symbol before during my research. Where's it from? There's a secret Celtic society founded by apprentices and master archers. Rumor was that they were made up of a group of 13th-century vigilante assassins... defending coastal towns from attacks. Think, like, the CIA with arrows and plaid skirts. Do they still exist? Well, they don't exactly have a website, but... some sort of a mentorship cult. The apprentice follows the orders of their master. And vow to swear off lovers, allies, and disciples. That doesn't sound very Oliver. Well, not exactly the Oliver that we know now, but... when he left that island, he went AWOL for, like, a year. Maybe he joined this group. He never did tell me where he honed his skills, and there's only so much you can teach yourself alone on an island. He was still getting over the loss of his parents. I mean, he wouldn't be the first orphan to go and join a cult. So, there's a chance this night stalker isn't Oliver. Maybe it's someone from his brotherhood who needs to settle a score. Mia! Mia! Who are you?! Call me Vordigan. I taught Green Arrow almost everything he knows. "Green Arrow." And now it's time for my prize student to come back home. If you think he's coming back for a class reunion, forget it! He may not come for me... but he will for you. At last... the apprentice heeds his master's call. You know why you're here. Vordigan. Our paths split a long time ago. You took your vows, Oliver. Now it's time to fulfill them. You embraced me as your own son. I can't follow in your footsteps. There comes a time when every master knows... his best years are gone. I was badly wounded for the first time, Oliver, because I wasn't fast enough, physically or mentally. I realized the process of decay has begun. Our tradition dictates the master must leave this world... while he's still strong and respected. As my chosen successor, you must complete your final test. You need to kill me. You taught me many things, Vordigan, about the kind of man I wanted to become... and the kind of man I didn't. Some men don't get to choose who they become. Your heart is dark like mine, Oliver. No. When I saw your true colors, Vordigan, I left. Come on, Oliver. You didn't abandon us because of some higher moral conviction! You left because you liked the thrill of the hunt a little too much. But you can't outrun fate. If you won't fulfill your duties... I will hunt down... and kill your apprentice. And when you see her dead body, the dark archer in you will rise up, and you will hunt me down and take vengeance. I'm not gonna kill you, Vordigan. I've checked Oliver's plane, his boat, and all the usual places. I found nothing. Yeah, well, there's not much information on this cult. I mean, that's the problem with secret societies, right? They're just, uh, secret. Still, I was hoping to find some search results. You know, Oliver's not the only one I've been worried about. You've been looking at the world through a camera a lot lately, Chloe. Maybe it's time you go out and you actually live in it. I'm just looking out for people, Clark. Just the same as you. That's the problem with looking out for people. Sometimes you lose yourself. Don't worry. No one's getting lost, okay? Everything's under control. Here's something. There was an altar... with markings similar to the ones used by the band of merry men. An entrepreneur bought it, and he had it shipped from Ireland... to his estate in Coast City. There's a naval base nearby. There should be plenty of satellite coverage. I can switch to passive microwave image. That way, we can actually see through the clouds. Chloe, look, the symbol... It's in the form of a maze. There's movement. That's the girl who's been training with Oliver. Like an apprentice? Oh, my God, Clark. There are these vows... no lovers. That would explain why Lois was hit. And no allies, which would explain my purple heart. And no disciples outside of the cult. That's her. You know, he always said that eventually my dark side would rise up... and that I would take his life. You were wrong. I shot him in the shoulder... exactly where he taught me. Clark! Sorry I'm late. I was watching the monster truck jam finals. Grave Maker lost his drivetrain. He s never coming back. It's okay, Lois. He's just a truck. Oh, Clark. Come on. That's like saying Tommy Lee's just a drummer. Sometimes I worry there is no poetry in you. You just have to look a little deeper. What I wouldn't give for a little X-ray vision. It might give me some insight as to why... I had to take a cab back from the hospital. I'm sorry that I didn't visit you more at the hospital, Lois. I was trying to get more information on dark archer. That's okay. Lucky for you, your friend kept me supplied with flowers and gifts. Who gave you that? You know. Zod. Really? What did he have to say? Nothing but good things about you. We talked about getting together. No, Lois, that's not a good idea. Why? Are you afraid he's gonna let it slip that you tipped a cow once? Clark, there aren't any secrets in your life worthy of the front page. It's okay. That's PDA number five. Not that I'm keeping track. Nice. Someone taught you well. Yeah. Then told me he didn't want to see me again. Nice. Mia, I was trying to protect you. I felt like if I split from you, Vordigan would leave you alone. That's the truth. Yeah, well, next time you're being an unselfish hero, I could use some explaino... Green Arrow? or... Mr. Green Arrow. Don't worry. I'm not gonna go tell all my friends I use to train with the emerald archer. Well, he's not done with you yet. I mean, unless of course... - ...you're done with him. - No. No, I'm actually glad my old teacher showed up again. Yours... not so much. I still can't get him out of my head. I just keep thinking, by the time Vordigan gets out of prison, he'll be an old man. I think you got better things to worry about. I'm not worried about him. Mia, it's what he said. I think he's right. What if I can't outrun these dark places inside me? That's why you need me. To keep you in check. There's a dark place inside everyone, Oliver. What we do with it depends... not on who our teachers are but... what we do with the lessons learned. Lois Lane is off limits. A Rau charm for good luck is hardly cause for alarm. Why would you give her some Kryptonian symbol? Rau symbolizes all that is good. Once again, you're assuming the worst of me. No, we both know the only reason you visited Lois was to send me a message. You can't hurt me, but you will hurt those I care about. Living on Earth has made you mistrustful. I trust those who trust me. You trust no one, Kal-El... not even the woman that you're supposed to care for. She has no idea who you are, does she? Crossing that line is why I won't help you get your powers. I am just trying to save our race! You're just doing this to save your army. Without them, you're just an officer with no one to command. I do not do this out of ego. I do this out of desperation. Don't act like there isn't some agenda you're not telling me about. You go near Lois again, I will destroy you all. You won't have to. Did you find what you were after? He didn't recognize the symbol. - We don't have much time. - I know. I guess the book of Rau is not on earth after all. No. Jor-El left it here. And when we find it, we will have the means to complete the tower. And we will turn the yellow sun red. And then Kal-El... will not be the only one with powers on this Earth. He will be just one of many soldiers in my army...