and "Beauty And The Geek", for company, you finally take me out... - To the corn festival. - Harvest festival. Smallville's big event. Just try to enjoy it. Clark, we're wasting our time. My father sent me here with one mission. I have to find that crystal for my ship. We have to find that crystal. I've been working on it. Well, I seriously doubt it's buried under one of these bushels. No offense, but I can cover twice the area that you can. Consider your wings clipped. You're not flying. The people who found your ship are gonna be looking for the person who came in it If you use your abilities, it'll lead them straight to you. You just have to fit in. How do I fit in with him? Jimmy? Hey... cool down. Used to happen to me all the time. Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joing us... It's the harvest festival's centennial anniversary. There's a town legend that a famous outlaw robbed a train and buried the loot somewhere in smallville. The map to the gold is suposed to be hidden inside the time capsule. What I don't get is why everyone is so excited to open up a bunch of old junk. How did you... Move. Out of our way. The new Miss sweet corn has arrived. Maybe fitting in won't be so bad after all. Smallville - 7x03 - Fierce Synchro : kaiser66 Transcript : swsub.com For SeriesSub.com Hey, buddy. Kara throw you out of the house, too? That's all right. You can hang out here with me. Uh-oh, looks like you found us. Kara, i'm almost done here. Would you grab me the phillips-hd screwdriver over there in the toolbox? Lana. Sweetie, I'm done letting them call the shots. This time, it's my turn. Just think, by the end of the week, we'll be in cabo. Just you and me, and the money. Lana, I thought you were gone. If you knew how that felt... Clark, I am so sorry. I never wanted to hurt you. But you didn't trust me enough to let me help. I was trying to protect you. Clark, I know you. You're gonna rush inhere and try and save someone, even if it means putting your own life in danger. And when lionel threatened to hurt you... I couldn't take that chance. It's a little ironic, hearing someone else say that. But I guess I'm just not used to being the one that needs to be protected. I can't wait to see the look on Chloe's face when she finds out you're alive. She can't. Not yet. I committed serious crime, and I wasn't supposed to come back here. My name has to be cleared before I suddenly reappear in Smallville. Well, then, you'll stay here at the farm with me. You'll be safe. But I have to warn you, my life has become a little more... complicated. That might be an understatement. Lana, this is my cousin, Kara. Hi. Say hello to the next miss sweet corn. Uh, listen, uh, when I talked about fitting in, I was thinking of something with more clothes. T- this is definitely not blending in. You meen undercover? Yes, exactly. And this is... Not covered. Um, look, can you just go change, please? Now. Fine. You said, "n." I guess I don't have to ask which side of the family you come from. Why don't I leave you two alone? Something tells me you've got a lot of issues to talk about. She's nice. There might be hope for you. Listen, Kara, entering a beauty pageant, putting yourself on stage under a spot light... It's not fitting in. It's standing out. Right. Kind of like being the captain of a football team. Looks like you wanted the same thing I want, while you were living the all-american dream, I was stuck in some cryogenic coffin, wasting the best years of my life. I don't want to miss out on anything else. And if you're anything like me, you're gonna do this whether I want you to or not. But not until you learn to control your abilities. Is this really necessary? It's all about control, which you don't have. Me? Get back to me when you can fly, eartboy. Well, you're the one who almost lit up the whole fair. Has anyone ever told you you're a little uptight? You definitely get that from your father. Listen, I've spent my entire life trying to hide my identity. I can't have you exposing us both in a single night. Watch and learn. Now you try. Let's see you put a mug on this melon. Please. What am i, like, 5? That's it! You're not ready! And out there on that stage, there're too many things that can go wrong! You want me to fit in? No problem. But I'll do it my way. Uh... I need to talk to you. Where's Karly? See, that's what I need to talk to you about. There's been a problem, but I took care of it. Hi. I was wondering... Yours looks so good -- Amazing, really. Would you help me? I'm sorry, sweetie, but you need help with more than just your makeup. Why don't you go grow some corn or something? Must be a big relief, being exonerated of such a brutal murder. Agent Carter, department of domestic security. My men have been watching your team comb through every waterlogged farm shack after the flood, ever since you found the spaceship. I had a feeling the mystique of anonymity wouldn't last long against a Luthor. Against? Throwing down the gauntlet when we've barely been introduced? Not a big fan of small talk. I'm here about your latest obsession, i'd like to show you this. Understand that your men have been passing these around town. Now, why would the government be interested? Because you are. Nice work, hotshot. Although saving the polar bears hataken on a whole new meaning. I've seen enough speedos and hay shoulders to last a lifetime. Have I mentioned i'm really glad you're back? I'm not just back... But bearing gifts. Oh, my. One of the Miss sweet corn contestants was just iced like a popsicle. Thanks, Jimmy, but I can't exactly run out to Smallville for frozen sweet corn. I've got stories I've got to file. What's gotten into you? Chloe, someone set this girl's dial to deep-freeze. This has "meteor freak" written all over it. It's exactly the kind of story that your new editor ordered. Yeah, I'm just not sure a judas priest reunion at madison square garden counts tord per diem, "L." "L"? Okay, okay. Lane, d-don't take it out on my eardrum. E-mail me your story, and we'll talk about Rwanda when you get back. Frosted beauty queen! Not bad, Sullivan. - Actually, it's not -- - I knew if I light a fire under you, you'd stop boring me with city-council proposals, and bring something headline-worthy. Mr. Gabriel, Jimmy Olsen. Right. Panda boy. Good. Polar bear, actually. Listen, Chloester, hustle down to Smallville. Take panda boy with you. Get the scoop on our ice princess before any of the other papers, and you might just get to follow in your cousin footsteps. How much blunt trauma do you think a stapler to the back of the head would cause? Show him what you got, Chloester. Look, you're busting your butt on stories of substance while lois is on assignment in new york, grabbing all the glory. Are you really gonna let your cousin beat you out of the basement? Remind me to thank my mom. Before Kara, I had no idea what she and my dad went through. You turned out well. Clark, don't you think you're being a little hard on Kara? Lana, I'm trying to help her. Kara didn't grow up here. She has no idea what could happen if someone started using her abilities. And right now, she's about a fireball away from lighting up the whole town. This is how you've had to live your whole life, isn't it? Hiding? No, adjusting. And sooner or later, Kara's got to figure out how to do the same thing. Clark, your parents trusted you enough to live your life, and find that balance on your own, don't you think kara deserves the same chance? You don't have to be too hard on yourself. Something tells me that you are never going to understand the heart of a teenage girl, whether she's from Krypton or Kansas. All the conversations I imagined having with you about my powers... This was not one of them. I can't believe I ever worried that you wouldn't understand. Looks like you don't know me as well as you thought you did. Five, six, seven, eight... Okay, girls, take five minute break and we'll pick it up from the top. How can I help you, sheriff? I need to speak with you about the girl we found in the alley. All I know is she and two other girls entered at the last minute. I really don't have any more information about her. Are you sure no one saw you? What you did to karly? She wanted out. What else was I supposed to do? Maybe we should just hit the time capsule and go home. Don't be an idiot. We need this pageant. It's the perfect distraction. Just stick to the plan. Do your thing. Hey, Chloe, where are you? Thought you were gonna meet me. I've got a major lead on our ice queen. Lana... I got your message. I guess it would have been a little awkward for you to come to the mansion. Don't sit down. You won't be staying long. I understand. This isn't a conversation I've been looking forward having. I guess I just wasn't ready. You promised you'd take care of everything, that I could come back to Smallville. Well, with a little persuasion, the, uh... The D.A. has agreed to not press charges. The evidence has been destroyed, and the felon my father bribed to confess to the crime died in prison of natural causes. You're a free woman. I don't suppose I can ask you... to somehow see that every horrible thing I did... was because I truly do love you. No. You can't ask that. Of course. My lawyer is drang up the settlement agreement. I don't want your money. Should I assume that excludes the $10 million you skillfully siphoned out from under me? I was trying to escape. I'm not admonishing you. I'm applauding you. It's not every day someone is clever enough to manage a coup like that. Although I'm not sure Clark would see it that way. I understand he has a cousin visiting. From Minnesota. I look forward to meeting her. Hey, thank you so much for calling us. No problem. I saw the door you ripped off. Was anyone there? You mean, did I screw up like you keep expecting me to? I'm sorry if I was a little busy trying to save Jimmy's life. I thought you'd be proud of me. Kara, I -- I'm gonna have to weigh in on her side on this one. Doctors said that Jimmy's suffering from hypothermia, but he'll be fine. I know. I just want to make sure the sun is shining when he is. Meet the weather girls. I did a little bit of digging, and it looks like they've been bffs since before kindergarn. According to that, they were all caught in some freak storm during the last meteor shor. Is it possible that they all have powers? It would explain what is the cause, but I don't get it. If they're so inseparable, why turn on each other over a -- A tiara? Clark, I don't think they're competing for the crown. Our meteorological misfits have traversed the entire midwest. mud wrestling championship. Ring girls at a casino prize fight. And my personal favorite, oktoberfest maidkins. That's the girl that was put on ice. And every time, there's a major heist in the city. They're thieves? It's twistedly brilliant. They're after the map. And the treasure, which is supposedly millions in gold bars. And given the rate of inflation, we're talkinthe mother lode of all buried booty. More than enough to kill your best friend over. And anyone else. Don't tell me u're leaving? I thought I need more help than just my makeup. Maybe my cousin is right. I don't belong here. I'm sorry I waharsh on you, but that was before I knew you were special. I saw you, Kara. You're a very talented girl. No, I'm just like everyone else. No. You're not. You have powers just like us. You guys-- How? Let's just say we were in the right place at the right time dung the last meteor shower. But the important thing is, you're not alone, Kara, and we need you. We're going on a... Treasure hunt, to find the time capsule. But we can't do it without you. Here's a photo of the gold before it was stolen. It's more than enough to buy a new prada bag every season for the rest of our lives. All we need to do is get that map. Count me in. Little Miss sunshine double-crossed us. Thank you, ladies. That was lovely, huh? And in just a moment, I will announce Smallville's new miss sweet corn. I've been looking for her because I believe she saved me. Not just from the river. I'm talking about much more than that, Carter. She saved me from drowning in the evil of my ways. Oh, an angel? No mortal woman pulled me from that river. She doesn't exist... so you can stop looking for her. Perhaps I can help you refocus on your real target. The spaceship you found... wasn't the first to land in Smallville. My work at the dam... 3 years of research, 300 gigabytes... All attempt to prevent what I believe is coming, what a fear is inevitable. If your research is so inflammatory, why incriminate yourself? Well, given the magnitude of the project, I -- I think it's time to reach out to the government for help. I mean, we are on the same side, aren't we? And now, ladies and gentlemen, the moment you've all been waiting for, Smallville's new miss sweet corn... Kara Kent. Thank you so much. You've made a newcomer feel so welcome. Hold on. Please, everybody, stay seated. I'm gonna have to ask you to come with me, miss. What's happening? Your friends tipped us off. Kara Kent, you're under arrest. Haven't you learned anything? Breaking into the time capsule, what were you thinking? I was thinking I had to get to that map before anyone else did. You shouldn't have stolen the map at all. Even if the treasure it leads to is kryptonian? Then why wouldn't you tell me? Where do you want me to start? Your patronizing watermelon tutorials, your reprimands, or your general interest in everything I've done since I showed up? Where is it? I'll show you. You're gonna stay here until Chloe can get you out legally. - Just give me the map. - I can't. Why not? When the sheriff dragged me away, there was some freak gust of wind and blew it away. Okay, it's all right. It's all right. Sounds like one of the weather girls. Look, just tell us what you saw on the map. Keep digging. It should be there. There's no way there's gold in here. Maybe it's diamonds. Well, there'd better be something good in this box. That's it? That doesn't belong to you. It does now. You're not as tough as you talk. But I am. Kara, be careful. These rocks can kill you. Clark, I'm so sorry I didn't listen to you. For once I'm not. You saved me. And even though it's not the way I would have done it, I know that you need to figure out how to use your abilities your own way. Does that mean you're gonna stop trying to tell me what to do? Probably not. Isn't that what family's for? This can't be from your ship. It was buried over 100 years ago. And I don't recognize this symbol. I think it's a code. It's some kind of S.O.S. From who? I don't know. But if this is still on Earth, so is the kryptonian that left it. Exactly how many of us have been here on this planet? I'm starting to think that Earth might play a bigger role in our fathers' plans than we realised. For now, all we can do is try to figure out who left this. In the meantime... I'll be fitting in. And this doesn't say "Smallville," I don't know what does. It is a big demotion, though, from Miss sweet corn to coffee jockey. Well, you'll adjust. Just don't expect me to keep looking over my shoulder, living this life of suffocating repression just because you do. "Suffocating repression," huh? Hey, it's your language. I just studied it. Our anguage. You're one of us now. "Us"? Kal-El... Clark... You're not human, no matter how much you want to be. We can harvest-corn and we can pump mochas all we want, but it's not gonna make us one of them. I may have been born on another planet, Kara, but Earth is my home. Everyone I love, everyone I care about is here. It's where I belong. What about in 50 years? Look, we both know what's gonna happen to everyone that you love. I'm sorry, but if you think you can just spend your life hiding here on the farm and growing old with Lana... You're fooling yourself. What do you have for me? We found her... Just where you said she would be. Congratulations. You just delivered a front-page freak story. I'm just glad you're finally out of the frozen-food section. You know, when we first got together, I thought that you were pretty prejudiced... Quick to jump to the conclusion that some meteor-infected murder was behind every bad thing that happened in Smallville. Jimmy... But you were right. I've seen enough now to know that sooner or later they all...snap. So, from now on, it's open season on the infected. What do you say we clean up this town, partner? Sorry. I just came back for my bag. Why don't we go upstairs? Okay. You have no idea how good it feels to be back here, despite everything that's happened lately. "Everything" meaning, Kara? Meeting your cousin has definitely been an experience, but, I was talking more out what's going on with us. Clark, I was afraid that you wouldn't forgive me for marrying Lex... Or for leaving. Lana, nothing could ever change the way I feel about you. - I've made so many mistakes. - We've both made mistakes. This is our chance to start over. I just hope you know what you're getting into. I know exactly what I'm getting into. Clark, I came back here for you... For us. I never want to let the past come between us again. I want us to wake up every morning and be there for each other. I want to grow old together. Tell me it's not too late for a cappuccino. Um, sorry. We're closed. Even for the owner? Technically, I don't even work here yet... At least not until tomorrow. I just came down to pick up the bag that I left. I want to thank you for saving my life. I know it was you, at the river. I think you have me confused with someone else. You ripped the roof off my car. You must have been through a terrible ordeal. You were there. It's okay. I won't tell anyone. I promise. Your secret's safe with me. I've already protected you, like I would have protected others close to me if they'd have told me the truth. This time, I'm hoping to change all that. I just need you to be honest with me. Look, I'm sorry, Mr. Luthor. The onlyecret I've got is that I make a lousy cappuccino. It's probably not the best thing to confess to your boss, huh? Twice I've been pulled back from the brink of death, and both times it was by a member of the Kent family. I'm not a man who believes in coincidences. Sooner or later, i'll find out the truth. Are you a savior?