What the hell's the matter with you people? This is an emergency! It's too late. It's too late. It's coming! Oh, god. What's happening to me? I'm sorry! No! No, don't leave me, please! Are you all right? Yeah, what was that? I don't know. I think it came from evans field. Oh, my god. Lana, wait. Lana! Smallville - Saison 4 Episode 20 "Ageless" Corrections et Synchro par Kiff Merci à Malone Last time I checked, babies don't just fall out of the sky, mr. Kent. It left a 30-foot crater, sheriff. How else would you explain it? Well, I can'T. That's why we're conducting a little something called an investigation. What's gonna happen to the baby now, sheriff? Well, he'll be placed with child services until we can find a home for him. You did good for a change, mr. Kent. The little critter wouldn't be alive if not for you. Dad, this baby's parents... I don't think they're from around here. What do you mean? You think the baby's... the baby's not from earth? We found him in a crater, just like you and mom found me. Yeah, but when we found you, we also found a spaceship. The truth is, we don't know what happened on that field. Hi. Hi. I've tried everything, but he won't stop. Is he okay? If you can believe it, all his crying is a good sign. The doctor said he's perfectly healthy. I'm gonna go talk to the nurses, find out if we can get some more formula. Clark, you take over. - Me? - Yeah. Well, I, lana... I don't really... Wow, looks like someone has the magic touch. I'll be right back. Uh... when does child services come and take him? They're not. They don't have room for him yet, so he's going to stay in the hospital until they do. Well, he can't stay in the hospital. I mean, he... maybe he can come stay with us. Until they find room for him. I found an arrowhead in evans field once, but never a baby in a crater. It's really weird. But what's even weirder is the way clark is with him. Let me guess... he's completely baby-phobic. Actually, exactly the opposite. You should see the look in his eyes when he's holding that baby. It's like he's completely at ease, not to mention he's a natural born baby burper. I've got the spit-up stains to prove it. Sorry I'm late. I was up all night with the crying machine and every time I put him down, he starts up again. Well, if you need any help, I could come over tonight. Well, that would be great. Could you pick up some formula on the way? Sure. How are youon diapers? The diapers... pretty good. Okay, before you guys start picking out the schools... for the little tyke, you might wanna hear this. I had my contact at emergency services run a check of all the 911 calls made around the time that you found the baby. This one kinda stuck out. What the hell's the matter with you people? It's an emergency! It's too late! It's coming! It's coming! Aah! She sounds so scared. No! No, don't leave me, please! Did he just leave her there? If he did, he might still be alive. From the sounds of this, the mother wasn't as lucky. She didn't even get to see her own baby. But the baby survived. How is that possible? Can you trace this call back to the cell phone? I can try. If this is the father, he might have some answers for us. Genevieve. You know, I'm not accustomed to being summoned like a lapdog. Don't be silly, lionel. I'd never allow you on my lap. So, uh, why am I here, if not for the, uh, pleasure of your company? It's time to repay old debts, lionel. Arranging your release from maximum security prison was not an easy task. And I have yet to receive even a hint of gratitude. Well, I've been racking my brain trying to write a thank-you note, but, uh, words could never express the way I feel. Your son just returned from china with a lost element. And I would like you to retrieve it for me. No, no, you have the wrong son in mind. It was jason who brought the stone back home. Jason's incapable of such subterfuge. Unfortunately, he inherited his intelligence from my husband's side of the family. Yeah, I never thought you married well. Lex, on the other hand, received his genes from a far more cunning source. You know, there were other treasure seekers in china, genevieve. Ha. A farmboy, an ex-cheerleader, and lex luthor. Who do you think ended up with the prize? Well, my son hasn't been listening to me for years. What do you want me to do, give him a good spanking? You know, lionel, I don't think either one of us want me to go after lex myself. You be careful, genevieve. I regard a threat to any luthor as a threat to me. Interpret it any way you like. I want that stone, lionel. What's the matter? What's the matter, little guy? Is your milk too cold? Huh? Here, try this. Try this, try this, try this. Huh? Yeah? There you go. There you go. Clark, I could easily get chelsea to cover for me at the talon. You don't have to stay home. That's okay. I want to stay with him. Okay. It kind of changes your perspective when you have someone who depends on you for everything. Yeah. And I mean everything. Could you hand mea diaper? Here you go. Well, listen, you have my number at the talon, and your dad's out in the barn if you need him. - Okay. - Okay? Have fun. Yeah. Okay. Clark kent, changing diapers like a pro. You know, all this baby stuff is easier than people say. I think I pretty much got it under control. Oh... Nice aim, little guy. Clark, we can't keep calling him "little guy. " They're gonna make fun of him when he gets to high school. Well, um... we found him in evans field. Why don't we call him evan? I think he likes it. Hello, evan. This is clark, and I'm lana. And we think that you're the most beautiful baby ever. You know, lana, maybe weshould take a step back. Step back from what? Well, maybe we shouldn't get so attached. I mean, if his father's still alive... then he never should've left him in that field. Lana, we don't know what happened. He could've gone for help. He could be looking for evan right now. Or maybe he isn't. Maybe evan is an orphan, just like we were. Clark, things like this don't just happen. There's a reason he survived and that someone like you found him. We found him. Evan? Clark, what's happening? Clark, wha... my god. What are you doing, son? an exciting new venture, something worthy of a captain of industry? I'm simply continuing where you left off, dad. I, uh, can't talk now. Well, we better talk. Genevieve teague thinks you have the missing element. The one from china. Come on, dad. You've raised me to be smarter than that. Why use genevieve teague as a threat? Why not just come out and ask for it yourself? I'm here as a father who's concerned about the safety of his son. She had bridgette crosby murdered because of one of those elements. You think she'd hesitate to do the same to you? I don't have it. And even if I did, I'd never trust you. Lex... we haven't a lot of time left to spend together. You can go on for the rest of your life being mistrustful of me, or you can accept me as your father who loves you. She's dangerous, lex. She... watch your back, son. I always do. Where is evan now? In the loft with lana. And, mom, I've never seen anything like it. Last night, he was just a baby. His growth spurt was really amazing. And frightening. Evan needs to be seen by a doctor. We have to take him back to the hospital. What are we gonna tell the doctors... he's some second-generation meteor freak? He'll either wind up in belle reve or a laboratory for the rest of his life. I don't know, clark, but we owe it to him to do something. I was thinking we'd take him to someone who has experience in the effects of meteor rock. Clark, I realize that lex has helped us in the past, but there's no way that I'm about to put this young man's life in his hands. If I were in trouble, and lex was the only one who could help, what would you do? "You must be very kind to him, to teach him all he needs to know in rabbit land. For he is going to live with us forever and ever. " You know how to read? I've read all of clark's books. But this is my favorite. I also liked the encyclopedia. The encyclopedia, huh? That's a pretty long book. I know. I stopped on "W." Windmills. Did you know they were invented in persia? Why are you looking at me like that? Um... you are a very, very special boy, evan. I think that you are the most special little boy that I have ever met. Really? Yeah. And you're really lucky, because there are so many more books for you to read and so many places for you to see. Like what? Like a real windmill. And when you stand up on top of it, the whole world stretches out around you. Can we go right now? Where are you going? Dad! Mom's taking me to see a real windmill. Wanna come? Um... evan... listen... we're not your real parents. Everyone's supposed to have a mother and father. And they're supposed to love each other very much, just like you and lana. Clark and I care about you a lot, evan. That's what matters. If you're not my mom and dad, where are they? We don't know, but... wherever they are, I'm sure they love you very much. You wanna go for a ride in the truck? Are we going to the windmill? Uh... we will, but first, I want to take you to meet a friend of mine. I hope I've done the right thing. Clark, he looks really scared. I just hope it'll be over soon. Lex has his top scientists trying to figure out what's happening. And they've already come up with some intriguing discoveries. Lex, is he gonna be all right? Tell us what's happening. Well, the results are only preliminary, but... the data indicates that evan's body is storing energy, like a battery charging. Charging for what? The theory we're working on is that once enough energy is stored, it's expended to fuel a burst of rapid cell division. That's how he was able to go from a baby to a 7-year-old in one day. Is there any way to stop it? My team believes a bone marrow transplant might slow the growth and bring his metabolism back to normal. Can we use my bone marrow? We're willing to do anything to help. Well, it's not that simple. His genetic makeup is highly unusual. For this to work, we'll need an exact match with a living donor, which means a biological parent. Well, we think his mother died when he was born. We're still trying to find his father. What's going to happen to evan if we can't? Evan! Evan. Unbelievable. What's wrong with me? Prep the level 3 facility. I want him transferred immediately. No. You're not taking him anywhere. Clark, we need to isolate him while we run more tests. I just want to go home. Lex, he's just a boy. We understand you're trying to help, and we appreciate it. He's been through enough. We're taking him home. I'm dying, aren't I? Evan, don't say that. I- I read the average life span of a man is 74 years. I've aged from a newborn to a teenager in 48 hours. Do the math. Evan, we're not gonna give up. Lex has got his team working on a cure right now. And if we can find your father... do you really think they're gonna find a cure for me overnight? It's like my life was just some sort of trick that was played on me. All that stuff I read in the books that I thought I was gonna see... I'm not... am I? Don't talk like that, all right? We just have to keep trying. It's not fair. This whole thing... it's just not fair! Clark, we have to do something. We can't just let this happen to him. Would you go see if he's okay? I need to find his father. So our friendly phone company just got friendlier. I was able to trace the 911 call back to a cell phone. His mother was karen gallagher. She was a senior here. I remember hearing about her. Was she wall of weird material? I got a couple blips on the radar when I heard that she... had a knack for shorting monitors when ever she walked into the computer lab, but I had no idea that super-fast pregnancy powers was part of the equation. How long was she pregnant for? Well, last weekend, christina varrano had a party at her house, and karen apparently went nc-17 with some guy in the bedroom. Christina has no idea who the guy was. So she got pregnant and delivered a baby a week later? We need to find evan's father. Okay. Well, christina used e-vite to send out all her invitations. I guess ours got lost in the electronic mail. Let's just check all the rsvp sand try to track him down. Excuse me. Does tanner sutherland work here? Yeah, he's over there. Thank you. Tanner? Leave your car around back, I'll get to it. Hey, were you at christina varrano's party last week? Uh, I don't remember. I think I was working. So you didn't hook up with karen gallagher? What do you want? Who the hell are you? I'm the guy who found your son, laying in the middle of a field. Look, dude, I don't have a son, and... I don't know what you're talking about, all right? I got work to do. I'm not going to let you walk away from this. You have a responsibility. Get off me, man. What's your problem? My problem is your son needs your help. Now tell me how he got on that field. I got with this girl at a party. The next day, she calls me up, crying, saying she's... she's pregnant. I go over, and her stomach... it was already... a week later, we were in my car, we're speeding to the hospital and she's screaming, "it's coming!" And she starts glowing. And then the car it went up like a freakin' a-bomb. That wasn't a baby. It was some kind of monster. He's a human being, tanner, and he's your son. He's aging rapidly. He needs your help. He needs a bone marrow transplant. You're the only one who can help him. What? No. Look, I can't deal with this. I'm sorry. I can't. How could someone do that to their own son? Clark, being a father is an enormous responsibility. The kid is just too young to handle it. He's evan's only hope, and evan's going to die if we can't convince him to help. I know that, son, and we're gonna figure it out. But what's more important right now is what are we gonna tell evan? Maybe it's best I don't even tell him I found his father. He's gonna take it pretty hard. Son, an orphaned child has every right to know about his origins. You should know that better than anybody. I'll tell you what... I'll talk to him, okay? I mean, I do have a little experience in that department. Thanks, dad, but I think I should tell him. Tell him what? Did you find my father? Clark, where is he? He works downtown... at massey's auto garage. His name's tanner sutherland. When can I see him? Look, evan, um, sometimes, when you meet your biological father, it can be painful. Why? I don't understand. They don't always live up to your expectations, evan. Trust me, I know. But I want to see him. Evan, we're just trying to protect you. You can't protect me. No one can. Just calm down, okay? Stop telling me what to do, clark. You're not my father. - Evan! - Clark. Is there any possibility of an error? We've run the projections three times. Lex, I found evan's father. Where is he? He's here in smallville, but he doesn't want to help. I've just been informed that evan's cell division is increasing exponentially, along with the energy he expels when he ages. We have only a few hours to stabilize evan. According to the projections, evan is building towards a massive chronological event. You're saying evan's about to die? It's a lot worse than that. The next time evan ages, he'll release enough energy to kill himself and anyone else at hand. Good night. We're closed. Come back tomorrow. Are you deaf? What are you staring at? My father. Don't call me that. I'm not your dad. Yes, you are. Why won't you admit it? You stay the hell away from me. Please, dad. Just help me. I'm your son. No, you're not! You're some kind of freak! Dad? Dad? Dad. Oh, my god what have I done? Okay, dad, call me if you find him. What happened? Evan's gone. He must've snuck out. My parents are looking for him, and lana's at the farm in case he comes back. Well, let's make sure we can help him when he turns up. Lex. He's dead. Evan. Clark, we needed a living donor to stop evan from aging again. There's gotta be something else we can do to help him. There is. We need to track him down and seal him in a containment chamber under luthorcorp. No. Lex... it's the only way to contain the blast from his final change. Lex, I'm not gonna let him just die. Nothing can stop that from happening now, clark. Look, I'm sorry, but if we don't isolate evan, a lot of innocent people are going to be killed. He hasn't come back, mr. Kent. Let me know if you find him. Ok. Evan, I have been worried sick about you. We've been looking for you all night. Are you okay? I don't know. I did something bad. Evan, tell me what happened. It was an accident... a mistake. We all make mistakes. It's part of what makes us human. What happened? Are you all right? It's happening again. I can feel it. I'm gonna call clark, and we're gonna get you help, okay? It's coming. I can feel it. There has to be something that we can do. There is. The windmill that you told me about, remember? Where the whole world stretches out around you. I'd like to see it. Just once. Please, lana, hurry. Chloe, has evan been here? No. I mean, at the rate he's aging, I'm not even sure I'd recognize him. He must be with lana. I keep trying to call her, but all I get is static. Maybe he's putting off an energy field like his mom was. That would explain the power surges. Power surges? Yeah, they've been popping up all over town for the last hour. Looks, they're happening all over. What's this? It's the dwp grid. See, these are the affected areas. Where's the most recent one? Um... 10 miles west on the outskirts of town in the middle of nowhere. Why would lana and evan be way out there? The windmill. The one at chandler field? Go get 'em, speedy. You were right. The whole world is right there. It's beautiful. I'm glad you finally got a chance to see it. Lana, you have to go. No, clark, we have to help him. There's no time. You have to go now. Clark... go. It's okay. I'm here. I'm sorry for what I said. It's okay, I know. It's all right. I'm glad it was you and lana that found me. I think you found us. What's happening? I can feel it. You better go. No. Evan, I'm not leaving you. I wish you had been my father, clark. Evan. Evan. Clark! Clark! Clark, are you all right? I got clear just before... where's evan? He's gone. I can't believe he's gone. I know. Me too. This whole year, I've felt... so disconnected. But when evan came into my life, it was like I finally knew where I belonged. I had a purpose. He only lived for a short time, but it seems like evan's affected us like we've known him our whole lives. Clark, we think we have all the time in the world, that we're going to live forever, but it's not true. I guess we should make the most of the time we have before it's too late. This was his favorite book. Really? Yeah. It was my favorite book when I was a kid. I, um, I used to pretend that I was the rabbit. I was just like him, and my parents had brought me to life with their love. My only hope is that evan felt that way about us. It's a 1961 bordeaux. I am honored. Well, I assume your visit means I have... cause to celebrate. Don't all my visits deserve to be celebrated, genevieve? Some more than others. Mmm... do you have something for me? I most certainly do. To the resolution of our problem. Hmm... parenthood... it's an interesting phenomen on, isn't it? The lengths we go to... to protect our children. No limits. What are you... The wine you've just drunk will kill you in a matter of minutes. I'm told that the pain will be excruciating. How about a trade? You give me the stone that you stole from bridgette crosby, and I give you... the antidote. One more thing... you go near my son, and anything that happens to him happens to you. Is that understood? The element, genevieve. Where is it? You did everything you could, clark. I'm sure evan knew that. All the times that I've run off or disappeared or almost died, how do you guys deal with that? It isn't easy, clark, but it does come with the territory. You see, every parent's greatest fear is that one day they... will lose their child forever. It seems like raising a kid is the toughest job in the world. It's also the most rewarding. There is nothing quite like watching your son grow up into a young man you can be very proud of. It's too bad I'll never know what that's like. Why not? I'm from another planet. I'm not even human. Who knows if I can have kids? Clark, your father and I couldn't have children. We were still blessed with a son. You never know what the future will bring you. Clark. Lana told me you straightened things out with child services. I appreciate it. Well, I know you grew pretty tight with him. I promise you, evan's life wasn't in vain. What do you mean? Well, my team believes studying his unique cellular structure could advance research on cancer and age-related diseases by hundreds of years. I'm releasing our findings to every research facility across the globe. Evan's life may offer hope for generations to come. He was a special kid, lex. I can't help wondering what kind of man he would've become. A good one... as long as you were in his life. I bet you're gonna be a great dad someday, clark. So will you, lex. I don't know about that. Look, we're all reflections of how we've been raised. Your parents gave you encouragement and support. My chose the opposite track. I plan on leaving a different kind of legacy. Well, I better get back to work. Thanks, lex. Mr. Luthor... are you sure you want to release the findings? Eventually... Subtitles checked and synchronized by Little Miss