Oh, clark's in the neighborhood? Sure, he can come pick them up. Oh, don't even mention it. Okay. Bye, Martha. Maddie, what are you doing? It's time to eat dinner, sweetheart. You can draw later. Maddie, you know the rules. Please get back to the table. I want us to eat as a family. Look, you might not wanna talk, but you have to listen to me. Put your book away now. Maddie, give that to me. Maddie! What just happened? You did that, didn't you? All those times I've found broken glass... ...they weren't accidents. Nobody warned me about this. I think you need help. I'm calling the foster-care agency right now. I can't take this anymore. No, don't touch me. Just, please, go to your room. No! I found Naomi in the kitchen. There was glass everywhere. What kind of person would commit such a brutal crime? Whoever it was, the sound of your truck scared them off. Well, thank you for letting her stay with us tonight, deputy. After all she's been <i>through...</i> ...there's no reason she should spend the night in a shelter. No problem, senator. Child Services will come by tomorrow to check in. Okay, good. Thank you. It makes no sense. All Naomi wanted to do was help people. She was a foster parent. She ran a youth center before she was my chief of staff. Maddie hasn't said a word since she got here. Naomi told me she hasn't spoken since she was 3 years old. That's when her birth mother was killed. Can't blame her. She's been through one tragedy after another. And countless foster homes. - I should call Lionel in London. - Lionel? Naomi used to run his children's foundation. I really should let him know. - Mom, maybe you should wait. - No, no, it'll take a minute. Hey, Maddie, what you drawing? You're quite the artist, aren't you? You know, I'm an artist too. You don't believe me? All right, well, I'll just have to prove it to you then. Now, prepare yourself... ...because this is gonna be a self-portrait. You might not be able to tell the difference between this... ...and an actual photograph. As long as we had to wade through a sea of government paperwork... ...at least we got to do it over tuna rolls. Well, I'm not too fond of working in the stacks. I have to admit, I was pretty impressed... ...you ordered the entire meal in fluent Japanese. You could have warned me about the squid brains though. Come on, you can't fool me. You loved it. Lex, I was thinking, I don't really feel comfortable hanging onto these. Some of these are marked "classified." You could get into a lot of trouble even showing them to me. Lana, if Milton Fine is right about an extraterrestrial threat... ...the last thing the government's gonna be worried about is Lana Lang. Besides, you're the only one who knows of my transgression. I think I'm safe with my fate in your hands. You must really trust me. Hundred percent. I hope you feel the same way about me. I do. Sorry, I... I forgot my pencil in the library. And this is the world-famous Kent barn. When I was about your age... ...my dad used to let me jump in the haystacks in here. Why don't you close your eyes, turn around. I got a surprise for you. It'll be worth it, I promise. So, what do you think? You wanna give it a shot? Let me guess, you're afraid of heights? I can relate. You know, Maddie... ...you and I have a lot more in common than you think. I was an orphan too. Hey, boy. Good doggie. Looks like Shelby likes you. Animals are great, aren't they? They listen to you, don't say mean things back. Look, I might not be as furry as Shelby... ...or wag my tail or bark, but I promise... ...I'll never say mean things to you. What's up there? It's kind of like my clubhouse. Oh, you're so lucky. You can be lucky too, Maddie. It's not too late. - We're gonna find you a good family. - People don't like me. What? Well, those people are crazy. I like you. Is this your girlfriend? Well, she used to be. We kind of parted ways. Hey, you wanna go for a horseback ride? Just you and me? Let's go. You can chat up Buttercup all you want. - You have horses? - So you can talk. I knew that whole Marcel Marceau thing was just a rumor. I'm Lois. She's a little shy. I understand. A lot of artists are. I brought crayons and a coloring book. Maddie, check it out. Go ahead. Your mom called from Topeka. With her chief of staff gone, she's been in meetings all day. She asked if I could help out. I think we got it under control. I'm the one with the little sister, remember? Okay, you ready for a few games of hopscotch? I'm a bit rusty, but you'll be the odds-on favorite. Actually, we were just about to saddle up and hit the trails. Great. Bust out the spurs. I'm game. Oh, how adorable. You wanna be alone with Clark. Hey, no worries. I will be galloping way ahead of you guys. Maddie? Hey, what just happened out there? Did you break all those light bulbs? Listen, Maddie, I understand. You have powers, abilities that normal people can't even dream of. And it's okay. You can trust me. You can tell me the truth. Ever since I was little, I could break glass. Yeah? And when I get upset, I can't control it. Were you upset with Naomi? You think I killed her? Maddie, you have the power to break glass. - And the way that she died... - I didn't do it. Clark, I wasn't in the same room, and I can't do anything through walls. I liked Naomi. I would never hurt her. Clark, can I talk to you for a minute? I'm gonna call the sheriff now, before we get sliced, diced and puréed. - Lois, I'm not sure she killed anybody. - Oh, yeah? So someone else with the power to shatter glass... ...murdered her foster-mom? Having this ability doesn't make her a killer. I always knew you were naive, but come on. Don't let her rosy cheeks and saucer eyes sway you. That girl's one step short of the demon seed. Just give me an hour. Then we'll call the police. Wait, you want me to babysit that little glass-smasher? - Does my life mean nothing to you? - I don't think she's dangerous. - Lf you're scared, I can call chloe. - Who said I was scared? - I'm not scared. - Great. Thanks. I took a peek into Maddie v an Horn's Child Services files. I hate to break it to you, but there's more than one reference to broken glass. I think Maddie's not just accident prone, she's disaster prone. Yeah, well, that doesn't prove she's a killer. If my parents hadn't found me in that field... ...it could have been me in foster care... ...scaring people, being accused of crimes I didn't commit. Yeah, and one of your greatest powers is your unrelenting faith in people. But I think when it comes to Maddie, the jury's in. It wasn't just a car accident that killed her mother... ...it was a freak car accident. Witnesses saw the front windshield mysteriously shatter before the crash. You think Maddie's responsible for her own mother's death? Well, didn't she say she was having a hard time controlling her powers? Whoever said you had to be indoors to have fun? The best times I've ever had were way out in the boonies... ...as far away from breakables as possible. - Where's Shelby? - Oh, I have no idea. I'm allergic to him, and let's just say he's not too fond of me. We're gonna have a good old time. We can pick flowers, or catch bugs. Whatever floats your boat. I even packed that picnic for us. Granted, I'm the not the greatest chef... ...but how can you screw up PB&J? - Shelby? - Hey, where you going? Shelby? Shelby? You can play with the pooch when Clark gets back. Now, turn around and we can... Okay. Now, why don't we both just ease on out of here before one of us gets hurt? Okay? What do you mean, "gets hurt"? - Who are you? - Frank Colbert, Child Services. What's going on here? Okay, look, I know this sounds crazy... ...but I'm trying to keep her as far away from glass as possible. Maddie, why don't you get in the car? No, no. Not the car. You don't understand. I am telling you, this girl, she can shatter glass just by looking at it. Thank you for your concern. Maddie, I'm gonna take you back to the shelter... ...where you can be properly taken care of. We spotted Milton Fine at 0200 Greenwich Mean Time... ... 40 kilometers north of the Somalian border. Good news, Fine is in Myanmar. It's 0200 GMT, and we're watching him as we speak. Chloe. I know your moral compass has a tendency to veer off course... ...but taking advantage of Lana at her most vulnerable... ...it's despicable. I think your reporter's eye is getting a little cloudy. You're starting to see things that aren't there. I don't have to work for the DWP to know... ...there was enough electricity in that room to light the entire state of Kansas. It's interesting how perceptive you are about affairs of the heart... ...considering you've never actually been in a serious relationship. Do you really think Lana would be remotely interested in you... ...if she wasn't swept up in her own emotional tornado? I mean, honestly. I appreciate you looking out for your friend. I'd do the same. But your concern is unwarranted. We're friends, nothing more. Lex, I know you're used to getting what you want... ...without even thinking about the consequences, but I promise you... ...if you hurt my friend, there will be a consequence. And you're looking at her. Chloe. I think I'm getting an inkling why you've never had a boyfriend. Trust me, for your own safety, the girl can't be near glass. I heard you the first time. Will you get her belongings, please? Oh, God. Maddie, get out of the car! Hey! Stay there. Lois, are you okay? I've screwed up a lot, but this ranks up there. That little girl was on my watch. There's nothing you could have done. I should've never left you two alone. Who's kidding who, Smallville? If you had been there, you would have been shredded beef. Clark, she's gonna be fine. They put out an AMBER Alert. Every cop in the state is looking for Maddie. Did you get a good look at the guy? Like I told the sheriff, mid-30s, sandy blond hair... ...good-Iooking in that psycho killer kind of way. I just don't understand who would wanna kidnap Maddie. Considering her dangerous disposition... ...I'm guessing somebody who's pretty desperate to be with her. Come on, Clark. Please, pick up. Pick up, Clark, please. Come on, Clark. Clark, please, where are...? What are you doing, princess? Why are you running away from me? Look, look, I'm your dad. - I'm your dad. - What? With all those years locked up, you're the only thing that kept me going. I would do anything for you. You killed that man. - Look, I had no... - You killed Naomi. You killed my real mom, didn't you? - Look... - You did. Your mother didn't want me near you. She thought I was some monster. I swear all I wanted was for us to be together. You like butterflies, don't you? I made this for you. It's okay. I know this is a big change. All I wanna do is put our family back together. You belong to me. Now, come on. Come on. I've got a surprise for you. His name is Tyler McKnight... ...and I think he might be Maddie v an Horn's long-Iost father. What makes you say that? He was Maddie's mom's sweetheart the year before she was born. But what does that prove? Twelve years ago he landed in Belle Reve... ...with the ability to control all things glass. So he really is Maddie's dad. Which means that Maddie v an Horn's meteor powers are second-generation. Her dad was in a stained-glass workshop when the first meteor shower hit. So Maddie never met her father. He's been locked up all her life. That's what happens when you use your powers to rob a jewelry store. He got caught, the seven five-carat diamonds he stole didn't. Did he just escape? He walked out. He was a model patient. - Shrinks gave him a clean bill of health. - We have to find Maddie. We don't know what this <i>guy's...</i> ...capable of. - We have no idea where he's headed. Where did he live when he was arrested? With his mother. 145 Hastings Road. I can't believe they let my son out. Why didn't he come and see me? Probably went straight to see his daughter. Daughter? Tyler doesn't have a daughter. Her name is Maddie, and she's 11 years old. I have a granddaughter? Yes, ma'am, and it's very important that we find her. She could be in danger. I've seen this before, at the Talon. Isn't it beautiful? He made it right before he was arrested. I don't have the finished piece. I had to sell it after my husband passed away. Those seven diamonds he stole... ...did they ever find them? No. I made this right before they threw me into Belle Reve. But I always knew that I'd get out. We'd be together. Watch this. I hid these here for you, Maddie. For us. These are the start of our new life. Take them. Go on, take them. No. You stole them. - No, I didn't. - You stole them. Please, take them. Let her go. Maddie? - It's okay. - Clark. It's okay. It's okay. He'll never hurt anyone again. Thanks. Hey, what are you doing here? I didn't think the <i>Daily Planet</i> was on your weekend orbit. I just got a phone call from Lex. I don't understand, chloe. Why didn't you just talk to me? Look, Lana, I'm sorry. After the last couple weeks I didn't think you were <i>interested...</i> ...in talking about your love life. - My love life? - With Lex? You've gotta be kidding me. - Lana, it's okay to be honest. I'm not gonna burn you at the stake. There is nothing to be honest about, Chloe. So I'd appreciate it if you stopped spinning your rumor mill... ...before you humiliate me any more than you already have. - I understand if you wanna hurt Clark. - What? But just don't hurt yourself in the process. Lex Luthor is nothing more than a predator. Well, I don't plan on being anybody's prey. So we have nothing to worry about. Now remember, the doctors told you to take it easy. So you might have to lay off the arm wrestling. My arm doesn't even hurt anymore. What hurts is knowing how badly I treated that girl. I had no doubt she was a cold-blooded killer. Goes to show you, people aren't always who you think they are. I have to give you credit, Smallville. Who would've known you'd be such a natural with kids? Well, Maddie's pretty special. So, what happens to her now? Can't be easy finding a family willing to live without windows. She gonna live with her grandmother, who couldn't be happier. She didn't even know she had a granddaughter. Wow, she must be pretty brave. She's excited. Like my parents when they adopted me. They didn't worry about their house getting destroyed. Well, he had his moments. Hi, Clark. Since you're bedridden for a few days, I brought you stuff to read. Thank you. The chief of staff for a state senator needs to be fully informed on the issues. Wait a minute. You want me to be your chief of staff? Mom, are you sure you don't wanna think this through? If it weren't for Lois, your father wouldn't have been elected. And I wouldn't be in office. Besides, Lois, it's pretty <i>clear...</i> ...your destiny lies far beyond a cappuccino maker. What do you think? Come on. Let's go. Nice glasses. Maddie? What you doing? Clark, you saved my life. - I just wanted to help out. - Maddie? - Sweetie, you don't need to do that. - Don't worry. I'm used to cleaning up after myself. Well, in this house, you're a guest. And guests always get a double helping of Mom's banana pancakes. The way you are with her... Your dad would be so proud. Clark, did you ever meet your real dad? Sort of. - Is he bad like mine? - Maybe worse. But just because he gave me life doesn't mean I'm anything like him. See, the thing is, Maddie... ...anyone can be a father... ...but it takes someone very special to be a dad. I wish you could've met the man who raised me. He was my real dad. He would've liked you a lot. Clark, could I stay here with you? Maddie, you have a grandmother. She's very excited for you to come live with her. I don't know her. I know you. Well, Maddie, it's just you're gonna have to give it time to get to know her. And... Maddie? Maddie, listen. Maddie, I would never let you go with anyone... ...who's not gonna accept you for who you really are, okay? I promise. You're gonna be okay. I'll make sure. Okay? Hey, Mom? We need another deck of cards. Maddie, stay here. - Mom? - Clark. You move a muscle... ...your mom gets her throat slashed. Bring me my daughter. Bring me my daughter! Now! Don't worry, clark. I'm not gonna let him hurt any more people. Maddie, no. Princess, what are you doing to me? Don't. Maddie, if you kill him, you'll be just like him. You don't have to turn into your father. Maybe I don't have a choice. Just because you're his <i>child...</i> ...does not mean that you're destined to follow in his footsteps. But I don't want him to hurt any more people. I won't. I promise. I made a mistake, Maddie. Your father has already destroyed his life. Don't destroy yours. - Maddie, I promise, I won't... - You have too much to offer this world. I'm sorry, clark. It's okay. It's over now. Go ahead, Maddie. There's nothing to be scared about. Yes, there is. You won't be with me. - I'll have no one to talk to. - That's not true. Your grandmother can't wait to talk to you. She wants to hear every word you have to say. What about my powers? What if I can't control them? But you can, Maddie. I've seen you. Just like you did in the barn, remember? You ever feel you're gonna lose <i>control...</i> ...all you have to do is pick up the phone. You call me, I'll be right there to talk you through it, okay? I already miss you, Clark. I miss you too. Your grandmother's waiting for you. She's gonna take good care of you. I almost forgot... So the good news is... ...with Lois's love for gossip, I'll always have inside scoop at the state capital. As long as she doesn't get my mom impeached. Yeah, I think that Lois is the least of your mom's worries. Have you told her about your otherworldly suspicions... ...that Lionel knows your secret? She's got a lot on her mind right now. Hey, how's Lana? Was wondering when you were gonna bring up the L word. Why don't you call her? Actually, I was just trying to give her some space. Has she met anyone yet? Clark, look, if you don't wanna talk to her, that's fine. It's your choice. But please don't make me your own personal little covert spy. Chloe? Is there something you're not telling me? No. Not at all. Lana. Thought you were busy explicating Shakespeare today. I wanted to talk. Just to set the record straight. I don't think the record could be any straighter. Chloe's working on a story where there is none. Lex, our friendship means a lot to me. I don't want any misunderstandings to get in the way. Lana, we're on the same page. If I somehow gave you the wrong impression the other night, I apologize. You don't have to apologize for something that didn't happen. Well, it wouldn't be the first time. This whole thing... I mean, I can't believe we're even having this conversation. To think that there'd be anything between us besides friendship? Don't worry. Talk is just a bunch of noise. As long as we both feel the same way... That's all that matters. You okay? Look... ...it's just something that happened. Subtitles by