- What the hell were you so afraid of? - You. It'll be okay, Tommy. I promise. How could you do this to me?! Just stay away! I want to introduce you to some people, a sort of team. We'll make a hero out of you yet. Lex deserved to die, Chloe. This is murder. You know what I did was right. You can't tell Clark. - I would do anything for you. - Let's leave Smallville. Where are you? Chloe! I said "no." We can't risk the casualties, okay? You wait for the team to move in. Well, you seem to be taking my open-door policy... a little liberally these days, don't you? I guess I assumed after you ambushed me in my barn... and accused me of being an alien Jesus that we had dropped any formalities. You know, I can't say that the sarcasm adds to your coy charm, but, please, come in. Greasy kung pow for one? I don't have much of an appetite. Okay, then. Tell me, what's on your mind, Clark? Do you really think that spreading panic is responsible journalism? Making Davis Bloome front-page news every day is reckless. Reckless? I think reckless is not doing everything in your power... to stop him. Starting a massive manhunt isn't helping anyone. Clark, if you don't want to admit your true identity, that's fine. But we both know that Davis Bloome... isn't a man. He's a beast. If he is this beast, then encouraging the police to go after him is dangerous. People will die. And when that happens, you'll know where to find him... so that you can finally slay the proverbial dragon. This is not some fairy tale. Obviously, there's some dark part of you that needs to be saved, but I am not your white knight. You're risking innocent lives, including Chloe's. Oh, right, the accomplice of the serial killer. She's his hostage, and she's in the most danger. If you're so worried about her getting hurt, why are you fighting my help? Maybe it's because you're actually afraid to find Davis... ...because the pure and virtuous Clark Kent... can't face what he'll have to do... what you are destined to do when that moment comes. Clark, I'm just making sure you embrace the inevitable. Clark! Clark! please, help me! Clark! Clark! - No! - Chloe, it's me - Clark. It's me. It's me. It's Clark. - It's okay. - Clark. It's okay. He's found her. Now it's time we make our move. "Somebody save me" "Let your warm hands break right through me" "Somebody save me" "I don't care how you do it" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" "I've been waiting for you" "I've made this whole world shine for you" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" SMALLVILLE 8x21 "INJUSTICE" Subtitles subXpacio We really should get you to the hospital, Chloe. I understand if you don't want to talk about it. He never left me alone. There was this motel just outside Metropolis that we found, and... he wouldn't let me leave. He... I was so scared. We just hid during the day until dark, and then... one day, he decided that it was time to leave. And so we stopped at this gas station. And I just ran. - You're safe now. - No, Clark. No. He's still out there. Anything that was good in him is now gone. No one's safe... not till you destroy that beast. I can't believe we lost track of that thing. If I had their powers, I would have gotten the job done. They're the ones that screwed up, not us. So quick to assign blame. I taught you to take care of one another. You were trained as a team. If one of you fails, then all of you fail. What the hell is going on here? Livewire and Neutron found the monster. By the time Parasite and I showed up, things had gotten messy. She said Neutron zapped him with some sort of radioactive blast. Your mission... was to find him and then wait until I sent the traveler. Is that all you can think about?! - Neutron's dead! - Hey! - Back off. - Tess was trying to keep us save. It was you and Neutron who didn't wait for backup. That thing caught us tailing him, and he attacked. We didn't have a chance. I am not gonna be the opening act to this traveler... when you won't even clue us in to who it is. I want out. What - so you can go back to stealing cars and running from the cops? Tess turned your life around, gave us a place where we belonged, a chance to do something good for the world. We all suffered a loss here, but we should learn a lesson from this. We're only strong when we're together. If we find that beast, you will save so many lives. You can't walk away from that. Watch me. Go find another sucker to be your hero. Thanks for the power-up. It's up to you two now to find him. Don't worry. We won't let you down. So, what are you gonna do with me now - put me back in jail? Cyborg, Impulse, and Canary have a wide net out for Davis so far. But they haven't caught anything. How's Chloe? Something happened. I can't believe I put her through something like this again. First Brainiac and now Davis. It's not even over yet. He's still out there. Yeah, well, something tells me without his beauty to soothe the beast, we don't have much time. Davis may not be as invincible as we thought. There is something that might work... but I can't do it alone. Yeah, if it means getting rid of this guy once and for all, just say the word. I'm in. Good. Because we're gonna need the help of Lex Luthor. You know, Clark, last time I heard, Lex Luthor was in no condition to lend a hand. When Lex was murdered, he left all his Kryptonian research to Tess Mercer. Meteor rocks, crystals, and artifacts- she keeps them all in a safe. I think she has something that might work on Davis. It's black kryptonite. I need you to steal it. Because if there's meteor rock in there, it could kill you. I get it. Well, it's been awhile, but I can probably find my way into the Ice Queen's vault. Thank you. I knew I could count on you. That's never gonna change. Believe me, I know how difficult this is. We're supposed to be the good guys. But sometimes, we have to get our hands dirty. Do what's necessary. It's the only option. We need to kill Davis Bloome. What are you doing with the crystal? Don't worry about it, okay? I don't want you involved. You've been through enough already. Clark, I just survived a gothic romance with Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. I think I can handle anything you throw at me. I'm gonna save Davis. What? When did you plan on telling me this? I wasn't gonna tell you till after I took care of it. Clark, you told me that you sent Oliver on a mission... to find your own brand of Kryptonian hemlock. I lied. I don't know, Chloe. It seems like in order to do the right thing lately, there has to be all these lies and secrets attached. I didn't even know if Oliver would help me if I told him the truth. Which is? My parents once used black kryptonite to split off my Kryptonian side. I'm gonna separate Davis from the beast... and use this crystal to send Doomsday to the Phantom Zone. Spare me the Kryptonian mumbo jumbo. You have to bend the rules on this one. When I took Davis to the fortress, you stopped me from sending him away. You knew he was worth saving. - I was wrong. - No, you weren't wrong, Chloe. Look, I know what you've been through, but there's still a side of Davis that's human. So, then what if the plan fails? It won't. Sometimes, justice... it's not about making the easy decision. Sometimes, it's about finding that last bit of good in someone... and saving them from themselves. You taught me that. What is it? It's from Dr. Emil. Doomsday struck again. John Jones gave me the heads-up when Granville police got the call. He's stalling local authorities, but we have to move fast. Bone spur embedded six inches into concrete? You're right. Doomsday did make an appearance. Yeah, and unfortunately, he had an audience - a man and a woman, both dead. Clark, we have to stop him before he kills more innocent people. Well, maybe they weren't so innocent. They were both meteor-infected. And from the evidence we've gathered, it looks like they were hunting him. Great. Now that Tess made Davis public enemy number one, we have supercharged bounty hunters on the case. Who died doing what they believed was right. Maybe. But I think something else is going on here. Two victims died from very different causes. She's been marked. You sure the beast killed her? There's not a mark on her body. It's because he didn't kill her. This did. It's a temporal-lobe implant... GPS device that's also a small explosive. I don't know what triggered it, but when it went off, it killed her. It was blown into her ear canal where I found it. So someone other than Doomsday wanted her dead, someone who was controlling her. And monitoring her. Chloe, are you okay? Yeah, I think all the mayhem is just a little more than I can handle. - I'm gonna go outside for some fresh air. - Look, Chloe... Look, I don't like you going outside alone, not when Doomsday could be so nearby. Clark, it's just outside. Trust me, if he comes back, I'll holler. I know all that she's been through must be taking its toll, but I think something else is going on with her. Why would you say that? Her feelings for Davis Bloome may be stronger than she's telling you. Last week, she came to me, desperate to cure him. She didn't tell me that. Well, that's not surprising, Clark. When it comes to affairs of the heart, everyone uses secrets and lies to protect the ones they love. Bette, I think we have a serious problem. You guys were there. You must have seen what happened. It ticked me off that she screwed up the job. But all I did to Livewire was hoover her powers. Yeah, when we left, miss scaredy-cat had all nine lives. I know it wasn't us. That's the point. There was an explosive microchip in her brain that landed her in a body bag. Look, I'm sorry she's history. What's it got to do with us? We're wasting time. We should be hunting down Godzilla before he tears down Metropolis. Don't you get it? Tess put that thing in her head. I'm starting to wonder if we can believe anything she's said. Look, Tess kept us out of jail and Belle Reve. She pays for our room, our ride, and our three squares a day. She gave me the home I never had, and she did a lot more for you. When everybody else turned their backs on us, she was there. I don't want to believe it, either. But after all the tests and procedures we had at Black Creek, I mean, who's to say we're not chipped right now? Do you know how long it took for Tess to put this team together? Why would she ice one of us in cold blood? She's done us too many solids to do something like that. Somebody else pulled the plug on Livewire, not Tess. Come on, we're finishing this job, just like we promised her. Bette, I think we have a serious problem. Your secretary said you were out. If your assignment was to insult your new business partner, you get an "A" plus. And you flunked getting the hint. I don't have time for a wine tasting, Oliver. Corporate titans need to learn how to multitask, Tess. It's all business. That's not a quarterly earnings report. You're always very perceptive. You know, I like that in a woman. It's a turn-on. If I remember correctly, when it comes to the opposite sex... there's little that doesn't turn you on. Actually, there's only been one woman that ever had that effect. Nice try. I'm still busy. Well, it's to celebrate the reopening of the geothermal power station. I don't think you're understanding the significance. No, I get the P.R. benefits. But the eco-friendly little girl, the one who wanted to grow up and be a marine biologist... surely, she's excited that we're reducing our carbon footprint, right? Well, thanks to all the men in my life, that little girl grew up. Now she only has time to worry about things like investor satisfaction... and balance sheets. Well, I remember when the only sheets that separated us were made of silk. All you cared about was saving the planet. Oh, I still want to save the planet. It's just some of the people that I could do without. Look, I have things to do, Oliver, so... Yeah, no, I'm sure you're busy. So... Boy, I got to tell you that's a shame, you know? It's a '64 Soleil. It's from my private collection. I was thinking we could just take the afternoon off, and, uh, pop the cork. Keep your cork... in your pants. Your loss. Chloe, why did you take off without telling me... and then not answer your cellphone when I called? And do you know I've been searching everywhere for you? Sorry, Clark. Look, I've already got reasons not to trust Oliver, but now you? First, you want me to save Davis. Now you're asking me to kill him. So I need to know what's going on. I know you're hiding something. You're right, Clark. I've been lying to you ever since I came back. I know the girl who was killed. Her name was Leslie Willis, A.K.A. Livewire. And I was using the Isis computers to hack into Tess' mainframe, and... I found all of this. Together with the other inmates from Black Creek, Leslie was part of a team... assembled by Tess. Eva Greer? Tess' assistant is meteor-infected? But Tess betrayed her. It was all a deception that... Chloe? Chloe! Chloe! What's happening? Chloe, tell me what's happening. Chloe! Chloe... Eva. This means that Chloe is still out there with Doomsday. I can't believe I didn't see through Eva's disguise. Well, she was a shapeshifter, Clark. It was her job to fool you. She knew that by posing as your best friend, she'd catch you at your most vulnerable. They've all been tagged. As much as I hate what Eva did, she didn't deserve this. I know who killed her. She told me she and the others were all working for Tess. Well, if Mercer has a team looking for Doomsday, then Chloe could get caught in the cross fire. I'm not gonna stand here and wait to find out. Tess Mercer needs to be stopped now. Clark, in my experience with rats, you never corner one, not when they're this lethal. She put kill switches in both Eva and the other girl. If the rest of her team is wired and you confront her, she could hit a remote and kill them all. You said these implants were also GPS devices. That means they work on a frequency. Do you think you can isolate it? I could piggyback on a signal and locate the others. Tess' people are hunting Doomsday. If I can find them, I can find Chloe. Eva... I've been searching downtown for hours. Look, the beast is M.I.A., and so are you. Look, I'm starting to lose it. Call me back. - Bette. - Get away from me! It's okay. I'm here to help. Right. Last time you helped, you gave me a one-way ticket to Belle Reve. I know that Tess Mercer got you out. She promised to turn your life around, but she's not the friend that you think she is, Bette. She killed Eva and livewire. She died right in my arms, and I'm here to make sure that doesn't happen to you. You're lying. How do you think I found you? Look, Tess Mercer... she put some sort of kill switch in your temple. - She's tracking you with it. - No. No, why would she do that? She sent us out to find Chloe and Davis. She said we were gonna be heroes. You still can be. But first, we need to make sure that you're safe. So tell me where everyone is, and I'll take you to a doctor who can help. Then we can find Chloe and Davis together. Not until that bitch is dead. - I know how angry you are. - You don't have a clue. But Tess Mercer is gonna find out how explosive my temper really is. We're gonna turn her over to the authorities. That's the right thing to do. You can afford to do the right thing, Clark. Nobody can hurt you 'cause you're some kind of superfreak. Me- I want real justice, and I'm gonna make sure I get it. I won't let you do that. You don't have the power to stop us. Oh, Dude... I thought you were just fast on your feet. You're so much more. Don't hurt him. There's nothing he can do. He's not in control... this time. East corridor is secure. Sweet dreams. Plastique and parasite fell off the grid 20 minutes ago. Keep trying their cells. And come get me the moment that you make contact. Right. No, please, don't stop getting undressed on my account. You really don't know the meaning of boundaries, do you? Well, I know you shot me down earlier, but I'm always eager to try another flyby. How did you even get past security? Must have been sleeping on the job. Oliver, I think it's time for you to leave. Really? Okay. Where the hell are your pants? Yeah, yeah, I hid my pants, like that time I hid your clothes in Fiji in the cabana. Remember that? That was a good time. If I remember correctly, we spent the rest of the vacation au naturel. You can streak down memory Lane all by yourself. Those days are over for me. Really? Because I'm pretty sure I felt some of the old chemistry earlier this afternoon. Oh, there was tension. Mm-hmm. But it wasn't sexual. Well, I beg to differ, Tess, because I've seen that look in your eyes before. What do you say, hmm? I'll fly you to places you never knew existed. You know, you might want to cool your jets there, ace. Maybe we should start over. It's too late for that now. Thanks for the bolts you made me take from livewire, I deep-fried your little chips. We should have known you were only pretending to be the good mother hen. TERMINATION UNSUCCESSFUL Looks like your freaks have come home to roost. Were you able to get through? I tried calling the mansion, but all the lines were down. Someone's got to warn Tess. I need to get to Smallville now. Are you there yet? I'm at the corner of Marshall and Beaman. I don't see anything. All right, turn north, and walk about 30 feet. It's not faster than a speeding bullet, but it'll get you there pretty quick. Are you in pain? Think of how Livewire and Eva felt when you popped their brains. They betrayed us all. You're the one who betrayed us. Just tell me what you want. First, you're gonna give us access to the inmate files from Black Creek. Then we're gonna reach out to everyone that suffered your injustice... and form our own league. You may have recruited us, but we're free agents now. And with all that power, no one will ever mess with us ever again. Cough up the password to those files. I'm not about to let the world get taken over by a bunch of freaks. Well, this freak's gonna make you talk. Get away from her. Gutsy move coming in with no firepower. You're better than this, Bette. I know you are. It's "Plastique" now. And, no, I'm not. If being better means letting people like her get away with murder, we'd rather be the bad guys. Stop! Let him go! The pain is... killing me. You can stop the pain. Just give me my powers back. You'll be happy to know that our misguided teens are locked in a secret rehabilitation facility where escape's not an option... and Tess won't be able to get her hands on them again. So we can focus on finding Chloe and Davis. Where's the kryptonite ring? It's in a safe place. You know something, Clark? You're lucky I had that thing. It saved your life. You know that ring can kill me. Why would you make something like that? I didn't make it. I took the ring... after I took Lex Luthor's life. You're responsible for the explosion. You know, Lex may have been your friend a lifetime ago, Clark, but... eventually, he would have killed you. That meteor-rock ring is proof of that. Why were you wearing it? In case I don't agree with the next murder you plan? You know what? This is great. Really, really great. You don't have the guts to take out that murdering bastard. I come in, I mop up your mess, and what do you do? You get all self-righteous on me. We do what we have to do, Clark! And deep down in your heart, you know that that was my only choice 'cause you're gonna do the exact same thing when you find Davis Bloome. And all I can do is hope that the guilt doesn't weigh you down as much as it does me. Thank you, Oliver. But I'll take it from here. All right, look, we don't see eye to eye on everything. That's no secret, Clark. We're still on the same side. No, we're not. I see. You're not gonna use that thing to kill him, are you? I'm gonna use it to split Davis from the beast... and send Doomsday to the Phantom Zone alone. Well, I guess I wasn't the only one hiding something, then. I didn't have a choice, Oliver. I had to tell you what you wanted to hear so you'd get me the black kryptonite. How many more lives are you willing to sacrifice if your plan fails... this time, Clark?! Put your ego aside. You have a responsibility. My responsibility is to do what's right. Like it or not, we stand for something. We set an example for others to follow. And if we don't, then we're no better than the people we fight. I'm not your enemy, Clark. Then who are you? You're looking for the crystal? Let me guess, Eva told you all about it. You know, I thought I finally figured out the whole Kal-El puzzle... with the Veritas journal, but... sending her in undercover did seem to reveal a few missing Kryptonian pieces. So, what did you do... have one of your Black Creek inmates steal the crystal before you had them murdered? I had nothing to do with their deaths, Clark. Black Creek was Lex Luthor's project. The chips were implanted there. The technology was untested. If it malfunctioned, you can't blame me. I'm sure there's no way to tie it back to you. You've already had your people cover your tracks. Where is the crystal? I had it destroyed... so that you'd have no choice but to kill the beast. Sending him to some otherworldly prison, that's not enough. How many people like Plastique have you sent to jail... only to have them slip through the system? What if that happened again? You can't tell me that no one's ever escaped from this Phantom Zone. This isn't your battle. So you admit that it's yours. Clark, don't you see that I'm doing this all for you? - For me? - Yes. You're so delusional, you put together a small army to make some fictional prophesy come true. Clark, the mark of a true hero... is somebody who's willing to sacrifice his own personal morality... to help keep the world safe. No one has the right to choose who lives and dies. I was beginning to think that you were different from Lex. I was wrong. The difference... is that he turned his back on you. But I still believe. I understand... that if everyone was more like you, the world would be a better place. But the truth is that that's out of your hands now. You can't avoid your fate. Lex did teach me one thing. The word "fate" is used by people who've lost sight of who they are. Why are you so determined to see Davis Bloome die? That's simple, Clark. An entire civilization's survival depends on it. Is Kal-El ready to fulfill the prophecy? I did as you asked.