That's got to be a record. I don't know who you ticked off around here... ...but you sure ruffled some feathers. I have enemies in high places. Well, we're gonna miss you. Yeah, right. You're just gonna miss the free proofreader. Max, your wife's called three times about dinner. Tell her I'm on my way. -lf there's anything I can ever do-- -Actually.... A few stories I've been working on. I'd love for you to look at them. I couldn't print your name in the classifieds without catching hell. Well, what about a pseudonym? She's my cousin. She won't mind at all. She's not interested in journalism. Lois Lane. I was looking for the on-call tech guy. Well, you found her. You work in the tech department? You'd rather have a PlayStation-addicted dork wearing a Star Wars T-shirt? -Molly. -Lex. So, what's the crisis, Lex? Well, I'm trying to finish a presentation, my program keeps crashing, and... ...I don't have time to deal with it. Probably a virus. I would assume so. I've only been back a few weeks, but I'm surprised I haven't seen you. Back from where? -It's a long story. -l.e., none of my business. There we go. This should scan for any viruses. Are you a do-it-yourselfer, or do you need me to do it for you? I think I can handle it. Welcome to the Torch... unplugged. What happened to my computers? Bunch of deliverymen stopped by this afternoon. LuthorCorp took the computers back. But they were donated. Yeah, well, I guess the Grinch changed his mind. Oh, yeah, some girl stopped by. Didn't leave a name. Thanks, Pete. Chloe? Last thing I remember, I was in the library working on my history paper. Stone sober. Miss Sullivan, would you care to shed any light... ...on Mr. Kent's version of the incident? What do you mean, the part where I wasn't eating pavement? I don't know. It just.... It looked like he lost control of his truck. Well, Mr. Kent, your family sure has its way of going through vehicles. -Chloe? -ls that all you need from Clark? Why don't you go on home. I got a few more questions for our Miss Sullivan. Well, I'm glad you're feeling better, Adam. Clark, are you okay? I just heard about the accident. I'm okay, but Chloe's a little scraped up. Clark, this is Adam. Nice to finally meet you. So you're Clark. Heard a lot about you. Didn't realize there was that much to say. -How'd you get here so quickly? -I was just visiting Adam. -Physical therapy. -That's where you met? Yeah, I thought I'd see you when you visited Lana, but... ...I guess you got busy. Looks like we've all been busy. Since Lex gave me this thing, it's like no one can change a coffee filter on their own. Mr. Luthor. -Where's Molly? -Molly? She was working here last night. She loaned me this. I've been looking for that. We don't have a Molly. I was the one on call last night. From home. She was here unpacking these computer boxes. Huh. Well, that might explain how all those hard drives got wiped out. There is a lot going on in that cup. It's your first time here... ...and I'm trying really hard to get the thumbs-up. This place has really been a refuge for me. Refuge from what? Oh, just everything. It was interesting meeting Clark. We're just friends. Just friends? For friends, you're very uncomfortable around each other. Yeah, well, we've got a lot of history. I saw the way he looked at you. Clark doesn't know what he wants. Besides, I can't control the way he feels. And...you? Clark will always be a very important part of my life... ...but whatever there was between us, it's gone. If you're looking for signs of tampering, I'll save you some time. There's nothing wrong with it. I asked the mechanic. There's gotta be some explanation. As to why you tried to mow me over? I'm ready and waiting. Didn't you tell the sheriff I lost control? I was covering for you, Clark. You chased me onto the sidewalk. I know you're still upset about the whole Lionel thing... ...but don't you think manslaughter is beyond "eye for an eye"? You don't think I tried to hurt you? I don't know, but the way you've been acting lately.... I don't know, Clark. I can only apologize so many times. I have been having a hard time getting over this. Every time I see you, I can't help picturing you and Lionel talking. You're not the same person you were. Like if I moved to Metropolis, became a biker party animal... ...and told you to get out of my life. Like that, right? Look, you know what? As much fun as this guilt trip is... ...I came here to see if you put any more pieces together from last night. What happened after the library? I don't even remember leaving the library. The last thing I do remember, I was working on my laptop. Well, the computer recovered your paper. That's an interesting take on General Sherman. I didn't even finish my sentence. It says I downloaded an e-mail before the accident, but it won't open. Who's Brainwave? Remind me again what your school mascot is. Wait, it's a bird. Okay, it's a small town. We take our school spirit very seriously. I forgot my history book. -Meet you outside? -Okay. Lana. I've been looking for you. -Lana, what are you doing? -Killing Chloe Sullivan. What happened? We can rule out paranoia. Someone is trying to kill me. Not just someone. Either way, it still doesn't look great for me. Chloe, I'm so sorry. -I can't believe I went after you like that. -Yeah. I can't believe you got us suspended. Thankfully, Adam was there. Those were some really nice moves. Was that, kung fu, judo? I don't know. I guess I watched a few too many Jackie Chan movies. Who'd have thought it'd come in handy in the halls of Smallville High? Just before this, did you get any weird e-mails? Let me check. I did, but I don't remember opening it. The same thing happened to both of us. It's like we were hypnotized. A subliminal message? Maybe something hidden in the binary codes. Well, how did I snap out of it? I'm more concerned with what triggered the "Kill Chloe" impulse in the first place. It's Brainwave again. Every computer online has an lP address. We should be able to track the message... ...to the computer that it was sent from. You can do that? We'll see. If this Brainwave person wanted me dead... ...why didn't they just send me a message saying to off myself? The brain's hardwired to stay alive. Not even hypnotic messages can override our survival instincts. What, did you just pick that up somewhere? I was in physical rehab for months. What else is there to do but read? Chloe, the message came from your computer. I thought Lionel took back all of your computers. Why would anyone at LuthorCorp want to attack you? I hate to think you wasted a trip here... ...but I doubt my father's trying to kill Chloe. Why? He was willing to put his own son in a mental institution. You know what he's capable of. Clark, what reason would he have to go after a high school reporter from Smallville? Is there something you're not telling me? Does this have to do with the seven weeks I can't remember? All I know is that Lionel asked you to fire Chloe's dad. Look, Clark, that was business. Contrary to common perception... ...my father isn't behind every nefarious activity in Smallville... ...and he'd never be that circuitous. Those e-mails came from Chloe's computer after it was shipped to LuthorCorp. Who else would have access? Dr. Garner. How are things at Summerholt? Is everything okay? No. I wish I could say it was. A reporter from the Daily Planet stopped by today. His name was Max Taylor. About that horrible article that girl wrote? Unfortunately. I just don't know what I'm going to do if they shut me down. Think about all the people that I've helped. Where will they go? That's never going to happen. I don't know. I just can't seem to get them to leave us alone. How can I make them understand? You can't. They'll never understand. I'm just glad I was able to help you so much. But if these reporters have their way... ...other patients may not be so lucky. Are you leaving? Paroled. Good behavior. So are you heading back to Metropolis? Well, I was...sort of thinking about... ...staying in Smallville. Why? -That hurt. -No. I just meant, you know... ...after what I did at the school.... Smallville doesn't seem like the type of place you'd go to if you could... ...go anywhere. Actually, it's about as close to a home as I have. I was hoping I could spend more time with a certain coffee shop owner who... ...just happens to have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen. Adam, we don't really know each other. Wasn't that the point of me staying? What's the problem? No one knows martial arts without remembering where they learned it. Chloe can't hack a computer like you can... ...and if you got it all from reading, then where are the books? Clark must've really messed with your head. Yeah, he did. -And I won't let that happen again. -Look, Lana, I like you... ...and I've told you that. Whatever your problems are, I'm not gonna stick around to be one of them. I think you should go. Chloe. Clark, don't sneak up on me like that. Lex told me they found your old computer at LuthorCorp. But the hard drive is gone. -lncluding all of my e-mail addresses. -He thinks this is who took it. She may work for Lionel. Her name's Molly-- Griggs. Yeah, I know, and for once, the connection isn't Lionel. I interviewed her for a story I did a month ago. About what? Summerholt Neurological lnstitute. Summerholt? Isn't that where Ryan used to be? Yeah, to study his ESP. That's why I looked into the place. He isn't the only patient held against their will. His methods are right out of the Mengele handbook. -Why was Molly there? -MlT recruited her at 1 5. She was a total engineer whiz kid until she went homicidal on another student. After her breakdown, she went to Summerholt. -But Summerholt isn't a psych ward. -For megalo-brainiacs, it is. Why would she want to kill you? When I talked to her, she was adamant that Dr. Garner had given her a new life. I had enough in that article to shut him down in a second. Who else knows about this article? Max. Chloe, I've seen your Summerholt story. I think you've got something here. Slow down. Threats are a part of the job... ...but I appreciate the heads up. You'll get used to it. You need something, Maureen? Max? Max? Max? Max! No! Max! Thanks for letting Chloe stay here, Lex. Whatever I can do to help. This is the last place anybody would look for me. Chloe, I'm sorry about what happened to your friend at the Daily Planet. You must've had Garner over a barrel. I obviously didn't know what I was getting myself into. It just seems to be a nasty habit I've picked up lately. So your theory is that... ...Garner has turned Molly into his own e-mail assassin... ...using hypnotic suggestion? It's not that far of a stretch. Summerholt goes from studying the brain to controlling it. A pretty amazing breakthrough, despite the application. There's no question. When it comes to brain-warping, Garner's definitely the guy. -I'm gonna go talk to Garner. -Clark, don't. -It's too dangerous. -I'm not the one he's looking for. It'll be all right. Just don't leave the mansion. I'll call you if I find anything. Chloe, I have my tech guys trying to track her. I'm gonna go see what they've got. Make yourself at home. Clark Kent. You here to abduct another one of my patients? I think you'll find security's increased since your last visit. -I know what you and Molly are doing. -Molly.... Griggs? She left us months ago. She's sending out hypnotic e-mails. Not the kind of technology you get at RadioShack. Nor Summerholt, if that's what you're implying. Molly already killed one reporter who was about to expose what you're doing here... ...and she's going after another. It's quite a coincidence. Mr. Kent, this is a serious research institute. I'm not going to involve Summerholt in some imaginary high school investigation. I don't think the police are gonna see it that way. Dr. Garner? Cornell, could you show our friend to the door? Centennial Tower Apartments. How may I direct your call? Apartment 927, please. Hello? Molly, something else has come up. Library. That's where you'll find all the books I was reading. I thought you'd be on your way to Metropolis. I was, but I didn't want to leave things the way we did. I can be a little abrupt. That's one way of putting it. You are driving me nuts! I can see how strong you are, then for some stupid reason... ...you retreat into this hurt-little-girl facade. It's ridiculous. This is your way of ending things on better terms? People here don't say what they think. I wasn't trying to hide anything from you. -Then why are you so guarded? -You have to understand. There are patches of my life that I just can't piece back together. And everyone that could answer those questions is gone. It's kind of scary. Smallville just seemed a little less terrifying than going to Metropolis on my own. Crazy ninja girls and all? Crazy ninja girls and all. I guess I just was moving a little too fast, so I'm sorry... ...if I read something in our friendship that wasn't there. I think it was a little too early to tell what was there. Yeah. I'm gonna miss my bus. Lana, l.... I really hope you find a way to trust people again. Because you're a really amazing person, and... ...it'd be a shame not to let someone get close enough to see that. Adam, wait. Were you serious about staying? I'm starting to get a complex. Seems all the women I find even remotely appealing turn out to be psychopaths. Birds of a feather. What did Garner do to you? Lex, what are you doing here? My tech guy traced her. And you would be...? This is what you're using to hurt my friends? Get away from that. Don't protect Garner. We know he's controlling you. There's only one person with that ability. Me. Get away from the computer! Looking for this, Clark? How'd you get that? Birds of a feather. It wasn't Garner. You're the one who developed the program, huh? I pulled it from your disk drive. You don't understand. You don't know what it's like to be so different... ...to see things other kids can't see... ...to feel and to think about things they can't even imagine. Molly, Garner's not helping you. He made me feel normal, and I never thought that could happen. Now, if someone gave you that chance, wouldn't you protect them too? Clark, she sent an e-mail right before we got here. You recognize the address? Mom. Mrs. Kent? Mrs. Kent, I got your call. What did Clark find out? Chloe. Are you all right? Clark! Mom. What happened? Are you okay? Okay, just keep an open mind. So? What do you think? I think... ...Norman Bates would be right at home here. Not exactly the tenant I had in mind. Is that an offer? If we clear out all this junk and paint, it could be a really cool space. I negotiated a good deal on the rent with the owner. Well, I guess an upside would be I wouldn't need an alarm clock. The smell of fresh coffee would wake me up. Yeah, unless you're making it. If you stick around long enough, I might just put you to work. I appreciate you doing this for me... ...but I don't want you to do it because you feel sorry for me. No. No, that's not what this is about. Trust me. I'm just trying to help out a friend. New computers? The same old computers. New Luthor. Lex returned them to me, no strings attached. I guess he felt guilty about firing my dad. At least you're up and running. -Sans cyber stalker. -Your soul is still intact. Yeah. You know, with all this stuff with Molly... ...there's a part of me that feels like maybe I deserved it. -Now, Chloe-- -No, like it was my penance. For what I did to you. You can't take all the blame. You went to Lionel because I pushed you away. Seems to be one of my hidden talents lately. It's not so hidden. You know, I never set out to investigate you, Clark. It just.... It was so flattering that someone like that would be interested in my work. -lt made you feel like you mattered. -Yeah. And then Lionel, like, set my dream out right in front of me, and I just.... I don't know. I gave in to all my worst instincts. Chloe, he caught you at a weak moment, and we all have them. When you found me at mine in Metropolis... ...you didn't turn your back on me. You gave me a second chance, and I at least owe you the same. I'd like that. So, what now? I mean, we can't just forget about everything that's happened. Well, you have to understand, there are some things about me that'll never add up. I know that. Are you willing to stop digging? Yeah. I mean, I figure you'll just... ...tell me when you think it's right. I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. Mr. Luthor. I should've known when Clark stopped by that you wouldn't be far behind. Any more attempts on Chloe Sullivan's life would be... ...ill-advised. Molly seems to have vanished into thin air. I don't suppose you'd know anything about that. Molly's in the care of people who will help her... ...not exploit her. Lex, you're a smart man. You know that the line has to be bent now and then in order to make progress. I believe there's a difference between bent and broken. You've never been so close to making a discovery... ...that you'd be willing to do almost anything to see it through? My work could change the way the world views intelligence, thought. Your research isn't worth the cost of innocent lives. And I don't have time for a morality lesson. Excuse me. Chloe's article is a real page-turner. Almost worth killing over. Wouldn't you say, doctor? What do you want, Lex? Your help. A few months ago... ...I had an unfortunate session of shock therapy that... ...basically erased seven weeks of my life. I want those seven weeks back. --------------------------------------------- -**- English Subtitles by jondon -**- Smallville Taiwan Fans Site