to conduct businessoutside regular business hours. I supposeI should find it comforting that you're still checking upon every move I make. What is it you findso compelling about these tunnels,abandoned for decades? I'm spearheadinga water-purification program. A little researchwould have assured you it's public knowledge. Please spare me. How long have you been scouting the tunnels, huh? Months? There's something down hereimportant to you, more important than the approval from a few eco-enthusiasts. Don't worry, dad. I still have plenty of land to conquer above sea levelbefore I take on the underworld. And what unknown world will behost to project ares? Hey! This is a restricted area. Mr. Luthor,you're right on time. You mind telling me whatthe hell you're doing here? Love to. In fact, I've already arranged someplace a little more private. You need to pack your thingsand leave immediately. I'm calling security. Invitation only. Lex! Dad! -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Smallville Season 06 Episode 19</font> *** Mom, what happened? They just called and said there was some kind of explosion. Lionel, it's martha and clark. We're here. Lex. I left lex a message and said it was an emergency. He's still down there. Folks, he has to get into the E.R. Clark. Clark.You have to help him. Lex is being held hostage. Do the police know what happened to him? Yes, but there's no time. - We need to move. - One second. Where is lex? They'll never find him, even if they get through the debris. It's a maze of tunnels. You've got to find him, clark. He's put something terrible into motion down there. Lex is the only one who can stop it. Let's go. Let's go. Well, welcome back to sub-civilization. What happened to my father? Not my problem. He was never part of the plan. What do you want? My husband -- U.S. Special forces weapons sergeant wes keenan, the soldier you plucked from the battlefield. Luthorcorp has many subsidiaries, ms. Keenan, but I'm fairly certain human trafficking isn't one of them. I got notice four months agothat wes died when his chopper was shot downin afghanistan. I knew in my heartit wasn't true. It's hard to accept, but the heartsometimes lies. When you love somebody, really love them, you knowwhen you've lost them. I don't doubt your lovefor your husband, ms. Keenan. There was no chopper crashthat day. In fact, there wereno chopper crashes reported that entire month. And then the military failedto produce his body. Uncuff me. I've got some influentialfriends at the pentagon. I could help you find him. Yeah, nice try. You don't leave the service without learning a thing or twoabout reconnaissance. I used every source I haduntil they came up with this. Tell me, mr. Luthor, what does a fortune 500 company want with a green beret? Tell me! It's only a matter of time before my security gets through. You should know their policy tends to err on the sideof "shoot now, ask later." Except schematicsfor these tunnels don't existin any city blueprints. And I've rigged all 5 mileswith c-4. You see... I learned how to beall I could be in explosives ordnancecontrol... discharged for havinga short fuse. If you think I'm lying, why don't you just kill me? Then I'd be backto square one. Besides,I'm willing to bet this little projectyou're doing down here, whatever you're doingwith wes, is worth more to youthan your life. You decide. If I don't speak to wesin 20 minutes, it'll all be gone. What's wrong, mr. Luthor? Haven't you ever doneanything crazy for love? Chloe, any news on lex? No, and the police captainjust nixed the rescue efforts until they candebomb the area. That could take forever. Lionel said these tunnelsare endless. Which means lex and ourG.I. Jane will be long gone before they get throughall that debris. So lionel was right. Lex could dieif I don't go down there. Well, don't look to mefor encouragement. After what he did to my mom, I don't mind the idea of himcohabitating with the rats for all of eternity. Trust me, chloe. Lately I've had momentswhere I thought the world would be a betterplace without him, but you don't get to choosewho you're gonna save. Not if you're clark kent. Besides,whatever's in those tunnels may be the first stepin taking lex down. Then I suggest you beat the bomb squad to the entrance and human-wrecking-ball your way in before anyone can see you. Perfect timing,macgyver. You're gonna need those pawsto call wes. The phones won't work this deep in the tunnel system. Mine will. Take it. Take it! Without wes,my life is over. When you meet someone that can pull youout of the trenches, you don't justgive up on them. It's not that easy. Put him on the phone. Please, let mehear his voice. I can't call your husband. Do you want to die down here? We're running out of time. Dial the damn phone. He's dead! Wes didn't die in a crash. He was shot at close rangeby an m60 firearm. The bullets pierced his lungs, his liver, and his heart. Luthercorp tried to save him with an experimental procedure,but it was too late. Look, your husband endured a prolongedand unsettling death. I'm sorry. The lie was easierthan the truth. No. No. Deactivate the explosives. Let's bothget out of here alive. It's preprogrammed. I won't stop them, just likeyou can't stop this. AMBULANCES ONLY I'm glad you came, lana. Any word on lex? Not yet. I can't imagine what's going through your mind, but I know it will mean a lotto lionel that you're here. Maybe some tea will helpwith the nerves. Let me go.I could use some air. I want to see him. I'm sorry, mrs. Luthor, but the patient'sbeing prepped for surgery. You don't understand. My husband is missing,and lionel is the last personwho saw him alive. I realize this is an incredibly difficult time for you. Doctor, if my husbanddoesn't survive... the man lying in that room is the only familyI have left. Please,just one minute. One minute. I understandyou're in a lot of pain. Lana. Good. You knew what lexwas doing to me -- orchestratinga fake pregnancy and making me believethat I lost a baby. And you still trapped meinto marriage with him. I didn't know thenwhat lex -- Save your oxygen. I wouldn't wantto jeopardize your surgery. With lex missing,it turns outthat I'm in chargeof your medical decisionstoday. Looks like I'm notthe only one who's trapped. Why did you threaten to useclark's weakness against him if I didn't marry lex? Tell me. If I killed you right now,I'd be free. Give me one reasonwhy I shouldn'T. I'm protecting clark. Mrs. Luthor, we needto take him to surgery now. Captain,lex luthor's porsche was parkedat the tunnel entrance. We searched the vehicle and found this in the trunk. It might holdsome answers. Thank you, officer. Ma'am, that's partof a crime scene. We need to take that caseas evidence. Of course,as soon as I see your warrant to search my husband's vehicle. Please call meas soon as you have any news. Lex. Lex! Clark... what are you doing here? Your dad sent me. He's alive? And you got throughwhen nobody else could. No one else is trying, lex. Police called offthe rescue team when they found this place was rigged with explosives. The entire tunnel system's scheduled to detonate in 14 minutes. Is there a wayto deactivate it? If you're trained in plasticexplosives, be my guest. Come on. Clark. - Can you see me? - yeah - Be sure I'm in the frame. -*** You got the background, too? - Yes. - Great. Greetings from patagonia, the most beautiful place on earth. What is that? *** You're the last person I ever expected to bepulling shrapnel out of. I saw what happened when I stabbed youwith that chisel, clark. That thing accordioned like it hit solid rock. I don't know why I neededso badly to believe that you're morethan human. 'Cause nothing's evergood enough for you, lex. The truth would have been. You may be flesh and blood, but you've been hiding secrets from me since we met. You never trusted me. Would it have mattered? What are you really doing down here, anyway,lex? Trying to find new waysto exploit the people that have different abilities than you? There's no gray areawith you, is there? It's eitherall good or all evil. Did you even try to seemy humanity before you decidedI had none? I did, lex.And look where we are. Clark, come on. Clark! Come on. What are you waiting for?Let's go. Clark! Come on. Come on. Get up! Hey, clark, it's me again. Where are you? I feel likeyour stalker ex-girlfriend, even though I was neveryour girlfriend. It was just an analogy --a bad one. I'm sorry.This is awkward. Okay, call me. Bye. Hold up. That second blast dropped another 10 feet of rubble. Does that mean you haven'tfound lex luthor? Have you found anyone yet? The inner tunnels caved. After those explosions, the whole area'scompletely unstable. There's no way anyone's getting in there by hand. What's on your vest? Dust from meteor rocks. It's all over the placedown there. It's another dead end. We haveto try another tunnel. Lex, these ceilings aren't gonna hold out much longer. We have to go back. You knowwe don't have time for that. Something tells me no one else knows about these tunnels. By no one, you mean lana. I'm sorry,but I don't bore her with the daily minutiaeof my work. You meanyou don't trust her? I know that's what you've always wanted to believe. But lana's the first person in my life I actually do trust. Then why'd you do it, lex? Do what? Why did you force herto marry you? I saw lanathe day of the wedding. And she was gonna leave you. What did you do to her? I don't know. The answermust have gotten lost in that dark abysswe call my soul. And what would I know about holding my breathbefore a congregation, praying the love of my life wouldn't leave meat the altar? Not being sure on that day was the hardest thingI've ever had to endure. You can believe thator not. I stopped expecting you to act like a frienda long time ago. Were we everreally friends, lex? I don't know. I have nothingto compare it to. You're the only real friend I've ever had, clark. And somewhere along the way, you saw me as your nemesis, turned your back on me. Lex, get this off of me. Don't leave me. Lex! Lex! Lex! Hey. I've been calling youall morning. I thought you'd bewith search and rescue. I thoughtI'd be more useful here. Any news? No, that's the problem. Because I'm not a luthor, no one will talk to me. What have they told you? That they'll tell me when they know something. Damn it. Lana, clark went into those tunnels a little while ago, and I haven't heardfrom him since. Clark's down there? He went down to help,and now even the bomb squad can't find a way in. But he'll be okay, right? I don't know. But he'S... I mean, he's clark. Lana, whatever it isthat you know or think you know about clark, he's not invincible. - He has a -- - weakness. Look, lana, he will die if we don't find a wayin there soon. I thinkI know another way in. Exactly when did you learn how to pole-vaultover lex's firewall? I figured that if lexwas gonna look over my shoulder, it was time for meto start looking over his. Are those the blueprintsfor the tunnels? You were sittingon the holy grail all morning, and you didn't tell anyone? I thought you saidthere wasn't much time. Did you really think I was gonna let you diealone down here, clark? Guess you never knew meat all. Come on. The last cave-inexposed a hatch.Come on. Go! Smallville Medical Center Good book? I prefer nonfiction --much more exciting. I hear lex made it out unscathed. You must be thrilled -- both the luthorsalive and well. I'm not hereto talk about lex. What I want right noware answers. First you tell me that you're gonna kill clark if I don't marry lex. And now you're telling me that you're protecting him? What the hell's going on? You know, clark isa very lucky young man to have someone that loves himthe way you do. Your love was the only thing that I could use to keep clark out of harm'sway and you close to lex. I don't understand. What harm? What's lex doing,and why am I a part of it? You must trust me, lana, because clark's lifedepends on it. I wonder how martha kentwould handle hearing that you used her sonas a bargaining chip. Tell me what you know. Well, I see you'veembraced wholeheartedly what it meansto be a luthor. Chloe, I've x-rayed these tunnels over a dozen times. They all just seem to lead to reeves dam. Maybe so,but if lex was willing to go upagainst tomb raider for them, I can't retiremy reporter's note book just yet. I still don't understand how you thought to come out here. Lex said no one knew about those tunnels, not even -- lana? She led search and rescue out here? I guessI had it all wrong. This whole time,I thought that lex had forced her into that marriage, but... now I don't think he did. Don't give upon your hunch just yet, clark. Lana knew about the other entrance to thosetunnels the whole time, and it wasn't until she heardyou were down there that she magically produced them. Lana was gonna let lexdie down there? I think the luthor mansion has a lot more secretsthan we realize. The police found this. I guess they really wantedto get into it. I took it away from themas fast as I could. Thank you. Well, I'm gonna cuddle upwith a movie. Any genre preference? I think I'll pass. Okay.Well, good night. Did you see clarkon our wedding day and tell him you didn't wantto marry me? Did you? Yes. But only because I needed someone to talk to. I knew there was something wrong with the baby. I could feel it. I thoughtyou wouldn't love me. And I didn't want to lie. I wanted to say something. I did. But you lovedour baby so much. Just one lookat her nursery, and I knew that you hadan entire life planned -- school...play dates. We were gonna bethe best parents in the world. But how could I standat that altar in front of all of those people and say that everythingwas going to be okay when I knew somethingwas seriously wrong? What kind of a personwould lie like that? Nothing could have stopped me from loving you -- nothing. That's why I married you. I wish I was that strong. If someone liedto me like that, they would losemy love forever. I don't know what I didto deserve you. You didn't come infor dinner. Thoughtyou might be hungry. Thanks. I didn't realizehow late it was. Any idea what lex and lionel were doing in those tunnels? It just doesn't add up. I mean, we have budgets,funding, plans, construction. It's almost as if lex was... buildinga water-purification system. Maybe this is the one time lex was actuallytelling the truth. Clark... what really happeneddown there? When lex pulled meout of that rubble, I saw a glimpse of somethingI hadn't seen in years. My friend. I know you twowent through a lot. But so much has happened. Sometimes,as hard as it is, you have to let go. But you didn'T. After everythingthat lionel's done, you stood by him today. That doesn't meanI trust him. I wish I could. And even though I honestly believe he's made an effort, no one can completely change who they are. At leastyou gave him that chance. Mom, what if partof who lex is... ...is because of me? What if I gave up on himtoo soon? You'll never give upon anyone, clark, because yourgreatest strength might also beyour greatest weakness -- your hope. You'll be pleased to hearthe prototype is just days from reaching its fullest functioning capacities. Thanks to your wife,I almost died for you. Let's hope there's nothing you can't do for me. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen