to get a girl her favorite treat. Scored you the last melted mocha muffin. And I know my inner chocoholic will never speak to me again but... I think I'll pass. Uh-oh, something is definitely up, and it's worse than I thought. Since the sugar fix didn't do the trick, maybe ese will turn your frown upside down. Jimmy! Oh, my god, you must've broken a whole pen of piggy banks to afford these. And you are worth every dime, nickel, and penny. A night on the town, just the two of us, might be exactly what the doctor ordered. Uh, you're doing that distant thing. I'm sorry. I think an old friend just buzzed into town. Wait here. Yeah, I think one of your patients is missing. Sasha woodman, early 20s... Sorry, who? Has a thing for bees? - We'll check our record, miss. - Okay. - I didn't escape. - Back off! You or any of your swarm try and sting me, and I will go black flag on you. - Do I know you? - Chloe Sullivan. Freshman year, you tried to go queen bee and kill two of my best friends. How did you get past the orderlies? You don't understand. I don't belong in Belle Reve. I'm not a meteor freak anymore. I've been cured. A few weeks ago, I had an operation. Operation? Who was the doctor? Curtis Knox. He changed my life. My family told me about the terrible things I did in the past, but I'm different now. What do you mean your family told you? When they took away my powers, some of my memory went along with it. The last... six years are blank. If I did anything to you or your friends, I'm really sorry. POUNTY VALLEY LIVESTOCK FEED Dr. Knox! You scared me. What are you doing here? You have something I need. I do? Boby Flay, Rachael Ray, look out - here comes Lana Lang. Can I help? What you making? Clark's favorite, blueberry pancakes. I want to surprise him before he wakes up. This is what I don't get. You guys are so ga-ga over each other, and you've known each other forever, right? What took you so long? Well, as long as cla kept his secret, it was impossible. So is it like a... a human thing to be so secretive and cautious, or what? No, I think it's just a Clark thing. But he's only that way because he cares so much about protecting people. Oh, you didn't have do all this. It looks great. Yeah, but we're out of maple syrup. Did you just go to the store? Vermont's finest. What happened to not showing off your powers, hmm? Stay away from Kal-El. You might have been able to bully me on Krypton, but not on this planet. You two know each other? He's the one that broke into our house in the middle of the night and forced... my family from our home. Considering what your father did, you were lucky. What's he doing here? He saved my life. He's a friend. Then picking friends isn't one of your skills. Watch your back, Kal-El. Let me guess, you're from Krypton, as well? Mars, actually. Well, I'll let you two catch up. And I'm gonna go and meet aunt Nell in Metropolis. It was nice to meet you. Your cousin's arrival cannot be taken lightly, Kal-El. I went to see my father. He gave me the same warning. But I don't get it. She's my cousin. The only Kryptonian family I have... besides a disembodied voice from the arctic. And she could use your longing for family against you. She's dangerous. Her father tried to assassinate Jor-El. They were brothers. Their hatred for one another was stronger than any familial bond. Does Kara have her crystal? Not anymore. It was in her ship when it exploded, but now it's missing. I've been trying to help her find it, but we've had no luck. If she gets to that crystal, everything you hold dear in this world could be lost. You must find the crystal before Kara. Trust is a luxury you cannot afford. My apologies for keeping you waiting. Mussolini once killed a conductor for not keeping a train on schedule. Fortunately, I'm infinitely more patient than il Duce. Mussolini went down in defeat, doctor. I won't accept that in what we're undertaking. Well, hiring me is certainly a winning strategy. Legions of your own scientists said that curing the meteor-infected was impossible. Well, as impressive as your results are, some of your practices deeply concern me. I sever the cerebral wiring of the freaks in your gallery, and you pay me my fee. End of story. You've authorized batteries of tests I never approved. Tell me, are the levels of meteor rock toxicity in the patients' vital organs... really relevant to the task at hand? Mankind's greatest advances would never have seen the light of day had the... genius minds behind them been scrutinized under a microscope. Leave the scnce to me. Doctor, three of my patients are missing. You wouldn't happen to have any idea why someone with a brand-new lease on life... would suddenly disappear? Perhaps it's because you insisted on eradicating any... recollection of their stay at hotel 33.1. No. I insisted they be able to start new lives unttered by disturbing memories. Especially those that could incriminate you. If there's nothing else, I have a schedule to keep. I have good news, my love. I found another piece of the puzzle. Please let me go. Shh! Shh, shh! Relax, Sasha. Just relax. You're here... to serve a greater purpose. Is my girl ready to rock? I was thinking that we either hit Chang's on the way to the show tonight, or we can chow down chili dogs at the arena. Jimmy, I know you spent a small fortune these tickets tonight, but... Ow. Why is the word "but" never followed by something good? Would I be the worst girlfriend in the world if I asked for a rain check... on our night out on the town tonight? I know. I- I'll make it up to you. It's just I'm chasing down a hot lead on the meteor challenged. This can't wait till tomorrow? Look, please don't take this personally. I thought I could deal with this, but it's just everything's about meteor freaks lately. I thought we agreed we weren't gonna use that word anymore. Well, that's what they are, and if those freaks were locked up in Belle Reve, then... maybe I'd get to see you once in a while. Chloe, can Dr. Curtis Knox take a backseat? I need your help. You're gonna have to hang a bell around your neck or something, so I can at least hear when you're coming. I need you to help me find Kara's missing cryst. All right? I need you to check the databases, satellite imagery... Clark, you're gonna have to fly solo on this one 'cause my dance cart's completely full. - Chloe, this is important. - I'm sure that it is. Look, I know that from mount Olympus, the view must seem like us mere mortals... have nothing better to do than help you look for your crystal, but... believe it or not, I have important this to do, too. Chloe? So, tell me how I can help you, Miss... Sullivan. I'm a meteor freak... and... I want to be cured. Lana? Hey. Sorry about the clash of the titans this morning. Oh, I'll get used to it. You're home early. I thought Chloe was helping you to track down Kara's crystal. Lana, has she opened up to you about anything? Maybe something that's been bothering her? No, she's been working 24-7 to impress that wonderboy editor. She was researching a story... - ... about a Dr. Knox. - Curtis Knox? You've heard of him? Yeah, he's a... he's a neurosurgeon. I heard a rumor that he's working with meteor-infected people. Ho do you know all this? Well, I've been doing my own research on the meteor-infected. More people than just me have been hurt by Lex, and they need help. And I want to do whatever I can. I didn't know you had a secret plan to save the world. So far, I've only made a few contacts. Knox's name just came up. As amazing as it sounds, he is using brain surgery to remove their powers. That actually explains a lot. A headline like this could change Chloe's life. Yeah. Trust me, if these seats were any closer, you'd be arrested for stalking the band. I'm scoring big points with the boyfriend, Olsen. Ring that bell. There it is. James! Hey. I'm so glad I found you. Really? Yeah, um, I've been looking all over for Lois. Have you seen her? Uh, you'll need a telescope. New editor sent her to the City of Angel to get a quote from the D. U. I. of the week. Bummer. You know, I heard that she snuck into a grain silo... and to some videos of a spaceship. I was kind of hoping I could sneak a peek. I'm a bit of an E. T. Junkie. No kidding? Me too. I used to sit in the backyard and try and pick up martian signals... on my dad's ham radio. Um, Martians use infrared, silly. Well, um unfortunately, Lois' video is nothing to phone home out. Tech guy couldn't get anything off it but static. Well, um, you know your way around cameras, right? And I bet you're a lot smarter than he is. Is there anything that you could do? What the heck? It's not like I'm doing anything else tonight. I'll crunch a few pixels, see what I come up with. Okay. You are my hero. Call my cell when you're done, and I'll be he in a blink. Thanks. How's your article going about Dr. Knox? Uh, he's doing some interesting research, but... I don't believe there'a story there. Neither do I. Chloe, you're a good liar. You've had lots of experience keeping my secret, but I don't believe you're researching Knox for an article. I think it's about the procedure. Then you realize that he's my only hope. Dr. Knox said he could fit me in at the end of this week. Chloe, you don't kw anything about this doctor. I know that he can give me a chance at a normal life. Look, I understand wanting to have a normal life... I do. But brain surgy is not the way to do it. You don't understand, Clark. Going psycho or turning into a serial killer... aren't the only two things I have tworry about. When I healed Lois in that dam, it almost killed me. Who's to say the next time I try and save someone isn't my last? What are the side fects of the procedure? - Potentially memory loss. - Chloe. If I have to give up a bit of my past to gain a future, then so bet. You're gonna forget everything. You're gonna forget your friends, your experiences... You're gonna forget me. You're gonna forget me. People will be there when I come back to fill in the blanks. In time, I'll be fine. Clark, if you want to save me, let me go. I applaud your ingenty, doctor. After mulching the body into the fertilizer supply, by week's end her DNA will be spread over every cornfield in Kansas. Oh, Lex. If only you were a typical rich kid - Chasing women across the globe... instead of dabbling with science that you don't understand. Your killing spree stops right now. I'm not gonna let you hurt one more person. Countless patients are living new lives... with no idea what you did to them, thanks to me. How about the ones you murdered? They're the chosen few, the reason I created a cure and came knocking at your door. Because I knew that somewhere in your museum of oddities... I would find the ones I was looking for. Your practice is closed, doctor. You come one step closer, and I swear to god, I will shoot you. I'm quaking in my boots. Son of a bitch! I have been speared by mayan warriors... survived mongols' arrows, and the cold steel of crusaders' blades. What makes you think that the sting of a 9 millimeter could slow me down? So, you're no Mr. Miyagi. But that's okay, because... I know a little trick. Now, you move the top stick, and keep the lower one straight, and you never, never let the noodles intimidate you. Okay. Let'do this. I new it. You're a natural. You're a really patient teacher. Thanks. Rendering complete. - Video codec rendering completed. - That's not the ship. But we got something. Flintlock is a technology supplier for the security branch of the government. The government? Looks like we got another area 51 right in the heart of Kansas. - Oh, Chloe's gonna do backflips. - No, you can'tell Chloe. Why not? Well, she'd tell Clark, and he can't stand my obsession with UFOs. But it's exactly what Chloe needs to enter new editor's honor roll. I got tell her. James... I know I can trust you. This has to be our secret. Okay? It's between you and me. Chloe. Do you want some chinese? It's good but they really make you work for it. What are you doing here? I thought you said you were busy. And, uh, we were just... Look, I can explain. There's no need. I have to go. Chloe. I swear it's not what it looks like. Bye, Jimmy. SMALLVILLE MEDICAL CENTER You're the last person I thought would save me. I was following that butcher you used to erase the memories of your 33.1 victims. Lana told you about Dr. Knox, didn she? - Don't bring Lana into this. - No point in lying for her, Clark. I know Lana's somehow been uncovering company secrets. Probably using the $10 million she stole from me to do it. At the moment, I'd say it's money well spent. If she hadn't tipped you off, I'd be in the morgue. You're just as guilty as that doctor. Makes me sick to think that I had to take a life for yours. Knox isn't dead, Clark. He came after me. I put six bullets in his chest. They didn't leave a scratch. You're saying Knox is still alive. Not only is he alive, he's murdering his patients one by one. Miss Sullivan. Right on time. Thank you for coming on such short notice. I'm just glad my test results proved I could have the procedure. You're one of a kind. The level of meteor rock concentration in you heart... It's extraordinary. In my heart? Just relax. After tonight, you'll have thing to worry about. Where are all your staff? They'll be here shortly. What is that? Jimmy. Where's Chloe? I've been looking everywhere. We had a major misunderstanding C. K. - I need your help. - There's no time. Where is she? Well, she's jumping to conclusions. She stormed out of here before I could explain. Did she say where she was going? No, no, but she dropped off this rubik's cube of a note tonight, and I have no idea what it means. "after tonight, I might not remember you, so don't let me forget why we belong together." I don't get it. C. K. what's happening tonight? What are you doing? Taking your heart and giving it to Sophia. Thanks to you, Chloe Sullivan, my love will last forever. Where did Knox take Chloe? Look, Clark, I want to stop Knox as much as you do. I've check every address we had on file. They're all dead ends. He didn't disappear into thin air, Lex. No, but he's had a lot of experience covering his tracks. Send me the pictures on Knox. I used face-recognition software to run an image search. There we go. Knox wasn't live during World War II, Lex. He's too young. He's much older than he looks. This is Knox in 1888. And here he is in 1675. Clark, he's had 1,000 names, and he's lived for centuries. That's why you can't kill him. Curtis Knox is immortal. Well, he couldn't have gotten far. He must've dropped this in the struggle with Chloe. It stopped less than an hour ago. "Este perpetua. " "may you live forever. " It's a roman greeting. I've seen this before. ESTE PERPETUA VICTORIAN ARMS The Victorian arms? Knox was the robber baron who owned it. He lived there in the '20s. Maybe he never moved. If your wife is sick, I can cure her with my abilities. Sophie is perfectly healthy. I've induced her coma simply to reduce her stress before the procedure. You put her in a coma because you knew that she would freak... if she knew that you were playing fatal games of operation with innocent people. That doesn't sound like eternal love to me. You've been around, what, two decades? What do you know about true love? I know there's someone that I want to live to see again. A schoolgirl crush. Very quaint. Unfortunately, you won't be able to say goodbye. Now, let us begin. I came here for help, not to be cut open by some jack the ripper wannabe! I was Jack the Ripper. Ah! Chloe? Clark! Your powers might be far beyond those of mortal men, but you've met your match. I won't let you kill anyone else. I'd kill 1,000 more to never have to be alone. You don't know the pain of living centuries... watching the women you love grow old and turn to dust! You and I are more alike than you think. I won't go through it again! My god. What have I done? No, no. No. No! What have I done? No. Please don't leave me. Please. What'd you do with Knox? Your father and I had a "don't ask, don't tell" policy... when it came to crime and punishment. I suggest we abide by the same rules. You didn't kill him, did you? Knox is immortal, Kal-El. You can't kill him. I know what it's like to have feelings for the people here, but the truth is, you'll outlive them all. And when they're gone, you still have a greater calling to fulfill. Have you found the crystal? I got a little sidetracked. What is Red Eyes doing still doing here? I heard what he said about my father. He's the one who can't be trusted. Ask him to tell you about what he did to my family. Your father was a traitor. He's lying. Who are you gonna believe, Clark... Your family... or this martian manhunter? Guess this family reunion is over. Hey. I heard the police shut B. C. E. Clinic down and that Curtis Knox went AWOL. Did you have anything to do with that? Turns out he was killing his patients. Chloe's story got her in a little over her head. Oh, my god, is she okay? You know Chloe, there's not a whole lot that can keep her down. She's lucky to have someone like you in her life, Clark. We all are. What's wrong? Lex helped me find Knox. Well, he probably has an ulterior motive. Lex doesn't generally do things out of the kindness of his haert. He told me you stole $10 million from him. You can see what he's doing, right? He's trying to destroy what we have all over again. Clark, that money was a part of the divorce settlement. I plan on using it to help the meteor-infected people... who have been victimized by LuthorCorp. Don't let Lex's lies come between us. I'd never hide anything from you. Hey. There you are. Remember me? Jimmy. That's a good sign. Though your letter was a little "Da Vinci Code," and I'm no cryptologist, but... I brought this... to remind you why we belong together. Oh. It's the cocktail napkin from that july fourth party where you gave me your number. Oh, the Grandville carnival. This was the best first date ever. And my favorite... a piece of stain glass from the bullpen that broke during that weird earthquake last fall. Okay, now I'm the one that needs the decoder ring. We lost touch for the longest time, and the day that we bumped into each other again, the world... well, it literally shook. And if that's not a sign, I don't know what is. Jimmy, I'm so sorry about all the craziness... I've put you through the last couple of weeks. Well, let's just agree that the future'll be more normal. Deal? You know, I don't think I can make you that promise. I don't think things will ever be normal between the two of us. Okay. Wait a sec... is this because of Kara? Because after all the times that you left me on hold to go... run off and help Clark, I'd hate to think that... you're gonna give me a hard time for helping Kara once. No, this isn't about Kara. This is about me. This is entirely me. What's going on, Chloe? if you can't say it... try some sign language or subtitles. I can't. I'm sorry. So am I. 'Cause I've tried really, really hard to be the understanding boyfriend, but there's only so much a guy can take before there's nothing else to do but jump. I don't know what to say. Maybe that earthquake wasn't a sign. Maybe it was a giant fluke just like this relationship. Maybe you're right. You know what? I can't do this anymore, Chloe.