something more on it. I'm looking at it now. Jor-El put it in the north wall. I wish I could give you more but thanks to Tess' little break-in, Watchtower can barely run a game of "Donkey Kong," let alone an image-enhancement program. If that book really holds unimited power, then we need to find it. This could explain why our favorite alien nation has gone awol. Maybe Zod and the Kandorians are trying to track down the Holy RAU grail before we do. I got to go. - I'm sorry. I thought you were... - thief? If you can't recognize my butt in a pair of jeans then what are you thinking about? I know. I've been distracted. Excuse me for getting between a man and his tractor, but our unemployment situation has just gone to Defcon 1. It's not a matter of life and death. Actually, it is. My phone just got turned off because The Planet stopped paying my cell bill and half my wardrobe is being held hostage at the dry cleaner's. To top it off, it's as if you're expecting me to single-handedly save our unemployed derrieres, which, lucky for you, I have. I have found a story that will get us corner offices at The Planet with parking on P1. - We have to start now. - I appreciate the offer but I can't drop everything right now. I have been pounding back double-double espressos, just trying to keep us on some kind of a masthead and you've bee doing what, exactly? I just have some responsibilities that I can't ignore. Here's something I can't ignore. I need a purpose... Some kind of bigger mission in life. You don't seem to need that. You're under a lot of stress right now. I understand that, but maybe you're just overreacting. To what? My life falling apart? Just give me a break. You want a break? Maybe we should take a break. A break from this relationship. Mom! What a surprise. I thought you'd be at The Planet. I'm working from home. What are you doing here? I need excuse to see my own son? Lois, You'll stay for dinner, I hope. I've got plenty for the four of us "the four of us"? I don't know why you need all these clothes. With my help, you won't be wearing any...</i> You remember Perry White? The Perry White? Smallville - 9x20 - Hostage Synchro: Flolo SeriesSub.com/Sous-Titres. Eu I think about him every day. Your father and I had our first date in this barn.</i> I made a surprise picnic, but his truck broke down So... we ate it in here. I'm glad you made it home, mom. The Senate broke early for recess, and... the truth is... I couldn't face the memories. It's hard coming back to this place. I'm just glad you're here now. About Perry, I hope you don't mind. I bumped into him at a committee hearing a few months ago. It's okay, mom. As long as he doesn't start looking for a story. I've had my hands full with the Kandorians. I'm so proud of everything you're doing to help your people. It hasn't been easy. More than ever, I've been living two lives. One of those lives is full of sacrifice, so I'm glad to see the other one hs Lois in it. I sleep better knowing you have someone special in your life. Oh, my God. You have got to forward this to my high-school journalism teacher. Check it out, Mrs. Kreitzman, me and Perry White. Who's sorry now, biotch? Sorry, kid. Last thing I need is a Mrs. Kreitzman on my ass. By the way, I've, uh, read some of your stuff. You and Clark are a regular Woodward and Bernstein. Thanks. We aren't really writing together at the moment. - Is that your next big story? - Yeah. I've been traking this one for months. Big players. This thing is my white whale, kid. Sorry I can't share any details. Too bad, Ahab... 'Cause I've got something pretty big on the line, too. It's gonna cause quite a splash. If it's as huge as you say it is, good luck reeling it in all by yourself. That's true. I don't have Clark right now to help with the heavy lifting. But this puppy sells itself. It is gonna kick your story back to Arts & Leisure. You've got to be kidding me. This is a goth guy on a trampoline in a jogging suit. No, it's the real thing. I got a call from... a guy who needed my help. And whe I started investigating this shady redhead, I found the mother lode. There are aliens here on our planet. And they are looking for this. The book of RAU. The book of RAU. Really? I've seen this before. You got to give some to get some. All right, lane. Here's what I've got. A secret government complex in the Rocky Mountains was blown to bits. When I tried to investigate, I was blocked by an operative even the FBI doesn't know about... code name: Red Queen. Now, I think she's shadowing a secret organization called Checkmate, which is fighting some kind of terrorist invasion. And it's all somehow connected with this. Maybe our two stories are really the same story.</i> This is your lucky day, kid. The big break most people only dream about. You get to write a story with Perry White. Damn it! What did you do to this place?! Where is the book of RAU? I've got to hand it to you, Mrs. K. running Senate subcommittees by day, cooking rockin' meals by night. You put the "m" in "modern woman." Me, I put the "t" in "takeout." So, tell me all the news. How are you and Clark? You know, everything's... peachy. You know us, chocolate and peanut butter, Yin and Yang, Tarzan and Jane. Okay, maybe not the "pulling hair, jungle love" of it all. Perry mentioned you aren't writing together. Is everything okay? Yeah. Have you ever wanted to do something really important with your life?</i> Right. The Senator thing kind of says it all. It wasn't easy for me to leave Clark and go to Washington. But a part of me really needed to take that next step. That is exactly how I felt when I was talking to... this friend. We used to work together. And when I helped him... it was like I had a higher purpose. Like I was... saving the world. You know, after the glow of my wedding wore off, I wondered if I'd made a huge mistake following Jonathan to a small town where I didn't fit in. I went from a city socialite headed for law school to being a farmer's wife, marooned on an island of corn. Sounds like Smallville." You can imagine how I felt when I was offered a job interning for a federal judge. I just jumped at the chance. It was such an exciting tme in my life. But in the end... you didn't stay. I came home on a rainy weekend and discovered the River was rising. So I pulled on work boots and went down to the River with Jonathan. And we started throwing sandbags. We worked all night holding back a wall of water. When the sun rose... I got to tell 20 families that it was safe to go home again. The city girl saves the day. I didn't know what my purpose really was until that rainy day. I just needed to look inside myself. Listen, Clark, the Kandorians are still M.I.A. What about the book of RAU? I've searched the entire farm. It's not here. Yeah, lucky for us my mini-watchtower-that-could is actually pulling off a monster-wide Web search. So if there's any mention of the book of RAU anywhere in this... Bad news, Clark. It looks like I just got a Red Queen virtual smackdown. Red Queen? That sounds like Checkmate. Yeah, despite her handle, the Red Queen isn't actually a figure on Checkmate's board. In fact, the rumor has it that her name has been filed under big, bad Nemesis. I'll be there as soon as I can. I'm sort of held hostage here until after my mom's family dinner. Come on. Sit. Join me in a drink club soda. Since that little wake-up call of yours years ago, I'm a teetotaler. And an utter bore. Still chasing down stories, I see. This is just a little freelance project, I'm doing on the side... with Lois, actually. I hope I'm not overstepping. No. There was this one story she wanted my help on, but I...</i> Looks like she's traded up for a more... experienced partner. I'll let you in on a little secret. Experience is overrated. I spent the first 20 years of my career living out of a carry-on bag, chasing every story that moved. I was saving the world. That's a big job for a simple reporter. Yeah, well... Two ex-wives and an ex-dog later, it finally sunk in. What matters most is having someone around to share your life with. Someone like your mom. Clark, here's the thing. I'm gonna ask your mother to marry me. I'd like your blessing. Mr. White, I don't want to get in the middle of anything. I'm not sure she's gonna give you the answer you're looking for. Lois, we need to talk. I don't want to take a break. I still believe in us. I want to believe in us, too. But there's a lot I have to figure out, I can't keep lying to everyone about us. Mom! Everything smells great. Thanks, honey. Could you two help me with the... Mom, what is it? Who's up for a crackling fire? What did I do? That was my dad's jacket. What a spread. You really outdid yourself, honey. All right, you lovbirds. Tell us what it's like working together and dating. It's never been better. It's kind of like being on a chain gang with your ball and chain. Sometimes our job gets in the way but we always work it out. Except when we don't. Didn't I read an engagement announcement in The Daily Planet?</i> I thought we weren't gonna bring that up, dear. Lois and I got our signals crossed. Yeah, I don't know how that "I do" slipped out. We're having so much fun, we're enjoying taking it slowly now. You don't hear that very often. I think it's nice to be a little old-fashioned. Yeah. People are in such a hurry these days. How's that working out for you, Lois? Well... Mrs. K., I can't keep lying to you. Clark and I aren't working together at The Daily Planet. We were fired.</i> And we aren't taking it slow. We're actually taking a break. The truth is, Clark... I need to find a way to make a difference with my life. And I realize now that I can't look to you... or even The Blur to make that happen for me. I need to do it on my own. So maybe what we need right now... Isn't a break. It's a breakup. Excuse me. Don't do this. If you care about me... Then let me go. Don't worry. I'll see that she gets back safe. I got a story that's just come up, anyway. - Here. Let me help you. - Yeah. Thanks for dinner. Oliver. Are you okay? I'm gonna be great. Zod. He burned you. We have to get out of here. Did this guy tell you what he wants? I don't know what the hell he wants. He said something about someone named the Red Queen and a gold disk, a bunch of aliens. Really great stuff. It sounded right up your alley. Wait a minute. This whole thing's an act, right? You had me hauled in here so you could get information about this RAU thing. It's you. You're the Red Queen. - Talk about a recipe for disaster. - It's all my fault. The last thing I wanted to do was ruin your wekend with Perry. Perry didn't leave because of you. I thought I was ready, but maybe it's still too soon. I guess we were all pretending things were better than they were.</i> I'm sorry I wasn't more honest with you, mom. Even for a weekend, I just wanted things to be the way they used to be. But they're not. We both need to face that fact. Anyway, I'm not the person you should be worried about. I know. I really messed things up with Lois. It's just so complicated. Right when we got fired from The Daily Planet, I started having</i> problems with the Kandorians, and I... just couldn't stop lying to her. Sometimes the hardest save to make isn't a stranger in a burning building, it's the person closest to you. Maybe you need to be honest with her. I sort of tried to tell her who I am, but she thought it was more important I protect my identity. Talking to her as The Blur... I've seen a different side of her. And it's made me fall deeper... and it's just not a side she's decided to share with Clark Kent. If you want her back, you're going to have to take the next step in your relationship. Otherwise, you'll have to let her go. Thanks for all your help Perry. I needed to get my head into a story right now. Either you've been robbed or I missed a hell of a party. My parties are never that good. You know what this means, don't you? We are officially a threat. They really did a number on your closet. No, no. It's always like this. Hope this gets us to the Red Queen. She showed up around the same time Waller disappeared. Maybe she's taken over Checkmate's network. Taco Dan's. What can I get you? I know this phone is a direct line of checkmate so this is my order. Red Queen. Nothing on the side, just her. Ma'am, this is a Mexican restaurant. Right. Taco Dan's? That the best you can come up with? I thought all you spy guys went to Yale. Lady, you have the wrong number. No, Austin powers. I have your number. I know that you work for a covert organization dedicated to defending the planet from an alien invasion, that your boss was Amanda Waller. And that that little chateau of yours in the Rocky Mountains was blown to bits probably by aliens after the book of RAU, which is why you better stop with this guac-and-chips act and get us some face time with the Red Queen right now! Or else we'll yank her majesty off the chessboard and put her on the front page of The Daily Planet.</i> Maybe that really was a Mexican restaurant.</i> Between this and the dinner disaster, it looks like we're both 0 for 2 tonight. Queen's at 37.318 minus 97.998. Your move. We just got the coordinates to meet the Red Queen. Vala! I need your help. You killed my sister. You don't really believe that, do you? What do you want from me? Everything you know about the book of RAU. It's the Kandorian bible. And it has all the knowledge and power of RAU. It will destroy our life on Earth. Does Zod have it? He's cast a wide net. But someone called the Red Queen keeps blocking all of his moves. This Red Queen - do you know who she is? I'm picking up a lot of high-level chatter. There's some big meet and greet going down, and the top of the guest list is Lois lane and Perry White. Who's hosting? Our pal the Red Queen. Vala thinks the Red Queen is Tess' new handle. If this is Tess gone rogue, then Lois and Perry are about to get buried. And I don't mean on page 10. Where is the book of RAU? Tell me now, or I kill him. I can't believe you're doing this to me, red. I'm not this Red Queen! Please don't kill him. He has nothing to do with this! I am not asking again. You know, as much as I hate you for it... You were always the one. I love you. Nice try. You know, you had me going until you made Oliver confess. You just had to go that one step too far. We know you have the book of RAU. You try any more head games, and my torture won't be virtual. You were right. It didn't work. So, is this what it was like when you busted the Star City strangler? Did I do that? In the'90s. Those were my fuzzy-navel years. I've blacked out most of that decade. Bogey, 12:00 high. Looks like we've got an audience with the Queen. Look, Lane. If for some reason I don't make it and you do... Don't talk like that. It's not pretty, but it has to be said. I think I deserve first position on the byline. Come on, Perry! Great Caesar's Ghost. Perry, just hang on, okay? That's what I tried last time. Okay, just grab the cable. Hang on, Perry! I Got you. I think I could get used to this. The book of RAU... where is it? This isn't over, Tess. Any sign of Tess Mercer? Her reign as the Red Queen is about to end. While you were being krypto-knighted by our mystery majesty, Tess Mercer was being treated for cracked ribs at Met Gen. Then we still have to find the Red Queen. When will Watchtower be up and running? I can't exactly call the geek squad. And I haven't really had much time to... I've seen you overhaul Watchtower in one night. What's the holdup? Watchtower's ready to go. I'm not. I found that footage of Jor-El and the book of RAU one months ago. - Why didn't you tell me? - I'm sorry. I got tangled in my own little worldwide Web, and I just lost track of what was important. When you disappeared from my life, I retracted into Watchtower. And as I became Big Brother... I guess more like big sister. It's easy to think that having all the information is the same as having all the answers. But I can't be the eye in the sky anymore. And now that I have Ollie... I want to plug in to the real world. Virtual reality bites. What you've created here... it's bigger than both of us. It'll go on to serve future generations. I'm not the hero here. You may not be saving people from train wrecks, or shootouts but you are just as much of a hero as the rest of us. We're on the brink of war and the world needs you. I need you. I just want you to know that even when I hurt you, I was trying to protect you. Protect me. The Red Queen, I presume. Don't turn around. Slowly set the disk on the floor and slide it back to me. Sorry that I sent your mind reader packing. Don't be. I'm not a fan of his tactics, but he got the job done. You meant for me to get away. How did you know I'd come here? You're predictable. You may be really good at staying one step ahead of Checkmate, but you don't know the first thing about me. You say you're saving The Planet, but you really only care about yourself. You figured out Maxwell's charade because you knew in your heart that Oliver's declaration of love was a lie. You can't comprehend what it means to truly protect someone you love. And stay away from Clark Kent. If you're not careful, you'll end up on the wrong side of the coming apocalypse. Oh, my God. Perry... You've raised the dead. You have single-handedly brought my flatlined career back to life. It's no big deal. I just put in a good word with your boss, Stern. I will never forget this. And neither will Clark. Make a good team, kid. I got a line on the Red Queen Nairobi. I'm flying out tomorrow. Tomorrow? What about you and Mrs. K.? I'm not giving up on her yet. Martha's one story I'm not sharing with anyone. So what do you say, kid... Africa? Normally, I would jump at the chance at running away from my problems. After one day in the trenches with Perry White, I realized I don't have to go anywhere to find my higher calling. I just... I needed to find the hero inside myself. Goodbye, Lane. You're the real deal. See you, chief. And tell Clark we're even. I owed him one from a long time ago. I can't believe you have to go back to being Senator Kent today. When it's just the two of us here, I'm your mom and nobody else. I wish you could come back and visit more often. I had to let go of this place for a while, but I never let go of you. I'll be back soon.</i> Maybe next time you can ease up on the Kryptonite. What on earth are you taing about? You kept me in the house for dinner so your people could track down the book of RAU. Once you knew that Perry and Lois were onto you, you had to throw them off the trail. You're the Red Queen. Why didn't you come to me with this? Because I didn't want you in the line of fire. So you dragged Perry White along instead? I had no idea he was on the trail. He makes me laugh. He makes me feel like everything's gonna be okay. But I can't afford that luxury right now. I'm sorry But I'm gonna need the book of RAU. It was left here by Jor-El for me to save this planet. That's what you and dad raised me for. It's my destiny. Your father and I always trusted you to do the right thing. It seemed easier then. But now, what you're up against... When I went to Washington, I found there were forces working against you. I wanted to protect you. But I couldn't do it as Martha Kent. So I became the Red Queen. The book of RAU. Are you okay, mom? It's just... I told myself the world needs Clark Kent even more than I do. But the truth is, I was so afraid of losing you. You'll never lose me. I'll always be here for you. You don't understand. The book of RAU can be used to transport the Kandorians to another plane of existence. That may be the answer we need. If the book of RAU is used to send the Kandorians away, all Kryptonians will be exiled from Earth...