-Since my Dad was fired from the plant. -How's he doing? -Hanging in there. I don't think he ever expected the human resources shuffle this late in his career. He's a good man. He'll land on his feet. Actually, he sent out dozens of resumes and hasn't even gotten a nibble. I know this is beyond the call, but Dad said... ...you always kept your ear close to the ground. You think somebody could be sabotaging his chances at a new job? Chloe, you know I'd do anything for Gabe... ...but... ...Lex is opening some projects none of us want anything to do with. Trust me, your Dad would be better off to put LuthorCorp far behind him. I need a decontamination crew in Section 1 978. Send a security team. -There she is! -Cover corridor C. You got it. Hold it right there! Hey, move it. Chloe, hey! Chloe. I've been trying to break through... -...to planet Chloe for two halls now. -Yeah. I guess I've had a lot on my mind. Speaking of which.... Tell me I can cross your teacher-of-the-year interview off my list. Well, I called and I left a message, but she didn't call back. Clark. Okay, Clark. I understand Mrs. Taylor is like Fort Knox when it comes to her private life... ...but journalism isn't sitting back, waiting for someone to hand you the truth. Sometimes, you have to actually work for it. And sometimes, timing is everything. Okay, Clark. Now go. And remember, "no comment" is not an option. Mrs. Taylor, I was wondering if we could set a time for your Torch interview. It'll be painless, I promise. Actually, I'm really busy this week. Mrs. Taylor, 1 0 minutes. Tops. How about before lit class? Does that work for you? No, I'm printing a pop quiz because I watched TV last night... ...instead of prepping for class. Did she really just say that? -Hey, Pete, are we still on for tonight? -Oh, yeah. I gotta drop some stuff off for my mom, but I should definitely be home for tip-off. Another lovely evening huddled around the electronic hearth. Since Pete's supplying the big screen, I got dinner. What? Clark Kent in the kitchen? What's on the menu? Clark's gonna run to Metropolis to get Shark Dogs from the stadium. What? Whoa, whoa, back up. You mean to tell me that Clark is driving six hours to pick up a couple of hot dogs? Well, when Clark goes supersonic, he can make the roundtrip in 1 0 minutes. He's kidding. Come on, Pete, let's get to class. -What was that? -lt just happened. I never meant to say that. I just had this urge to tell the truth. Well, next time you get the urge to open up, don't. Lex. Thanks for dropping by. Which of your obsessive-compulsive fixations is behind today's summons? I understand there was... ...an incident at the Smallville plant last night, correct? A false alarm in the old wing. Already taken care of it. By scrambling the HAZMAT team? Just a precaution. Or a wild overreaction. Unless, of course, a chemical agent had actually been released. I'm curious, Dad. Why the sudden urge to play micromanager? Because I'm concerned about you, Lex. You're not deliberately concealing things from me... ...are you? We all have our secrets. Okay, well, so far, we have student accolades, testimonials.... Everything except for Mrs. Taylor herself. Well, Chloe, if she doesn't want to talk, maybe we should just let it go? Hi. -Oh, hi, Chloe. -Hey, Mrs. Kent. -Are there more in the truck? -Yes, sweetheart, thank you. I never got a chance to thank you for the flowers after Jonathan's surgery. Of course. How's he feeling? It's been really difficult. He's depressed and angry. I worry that when he comes out of this, he won't be the same man I married. I'm sorry. How's Clark handling all this? Of course, he feels responsible for Jonathan's condition. How could he be responsible for Mr. Kent's heart attack? It's not. It's his biological father's. He's the one who drove Clark to Metropolis. Mom. Where do you want these? Clark... ...you found your biological father, and you didn't tell me about it? She meant figuratively. You know, coming to grips with the fact that my real parents didn't want me... ...played a part in what happened last summer. Let's pick this up tomorrow. Okay. Bye. Bye. I can't believe I told Chloe about Jor-El. I don't-- I don't know what happened, Clark. Mom, it's okay. I don't think it's just you. I think something has happened to Chloe. Lana. Hope I'm not interrupting. No, I'm just finishing up with the morning rush. I haven't seen you around the last few days. I figured after our last conversation you could use some space. I was thinking the same thing, but we don't seem to be very good at that. It's hard to make yourself scarce in Smallville. Actually, I'm here because of Chloe. Have you noticed anything different about her? I don't want to cross the roommate boundaries, but... ...this guy called for her yesterday when she was out. An old coworker of her dad's. -From LuthorCorp? -Yeah, and he sounded really upset. He was wondering if she had taken his security card. Klepto Chloe? That doesn't sound like her. He said whoever stole it broke into a lab at the plant two nights ago. Mrs. Taylor? Hi, Mrs. Taylor. I'm sorry to be pulling the 60 Minutes card... ...but I'm crashing a deadline. Can we just pop this off really quick? Only because you'll never let me off the hook. It must be cool having the best teacher in school as a mom. I'm used to her being the best at everything she does. Okay. We'll just start with the obvious. What do you like about teaching? I enjoy the students. Okay. Any downsides? Always having to hide the truth. I'm sorry. The truth about what? That Mrs. Taylor doesn't exist. My real name is Marianne Lewis... ...and I've been running from my past since 1 972. I don't understand. What did you do? I was part of a radical group. We planted explosives outside a bank in Seattle. We were just trying to make a statement. But one of the guards came in early... ...and when the bomb went off.... Mrs. Taylor, are you saying you're wanted for murder? I just drove the car. I swear, I never meant for anyone to die. Mom, what are you saying? I should've told you this years ago. I'm so sorry. -Okay, Mrs. Taylor-- -No! Get away from her. Okay? Just leave us alone. Come on. I'm so sorry, Willy. I should have told you. I just couldn't make myself. Congratulations, Chloe. Within 24 hours, you managed to tick off the entire school. You don't earn your press pass by making friends. -Police should be handling this. -Clark, I uncovered a murder. With your new ability. You broke into the LuthorCorp plant the other night, didn't you? -Something happened? -Wow. There may be some journalistic genes behind those baby blues after all. People are telling you things they don't want you to know. It's not a joke. No, but it is every reporter's dream. Rebecca. When the entire geometry class got C's on the final... ...how is it possible that you aced it? I swiped the answer key the day before the test. You're not gonna tell anybody, are you? Mindy! Hey, Mindy. You're always so upbeat. Does anything bother you? Are you kidding? Do you have any idea how hard it is to cheer for a losing team? Mindy, what are you talking about? Doug, if you could take anyone to prom, who would you take? That would be Fitz. Thomas Fitzpatrick, the quarterback? Wow. I didn't expect that one. Hey, it's cool. It's off-the-record. My God, Clark, this is amazing! Can you imagine the stories I could break? I could crack the mystery that is Clark Kent. What do you keep hiding from me? I can't believe you asked that. And you didn't answer. Everyone else would have. What are you so afraid of, Clark? That I'll get behind that armor and finally uncover your secret? Clark. Last time I checked, this area is restricted. Hey, Lex. Sorry about just walking around. The outside door was unlocked. Actually, it looked broken to me... ...but I'll have a word with my security people. Want to tell me why you're here? I'm worried about a friend. That friend wouldn't have happened to break in a few nights ago, would they? Clark, why didn't you come to me? Last time I did that, I had my conversations hand-delivered to the FBl. Clark, whatever deal I've made with the feds, your family is off-limits. I was kind of hoping you might return the favor. Now, you mind telling me what you were doing down here? It wasn't me. Lex, there's something happening to my friend, and.... What were you working on down here? An old project of my father's. I was trying to salvage something from his failure. Then where is everything? I decided to cut my losses. Clark... ...we didn't get far enough to gauge the potential side effects. If this friend was exposed to anything, there could be a serious health risk. Now, it's hard for me to help unless I know who it is. How could you print this? Thanks to you, my mom had to go into hiding. Police are looking for her. I'm sorry, William, I just printed the truth. I can't be held responsible for that. You ruined my life. Was it just me, or did I completely clear out the lunch crowd? No, it was you. Ever since you turned the Torch into your own gossip column... ...no one can stand being around you. At least you're still talking to me, right? For now. Okay. What's that about? I applied to the Paris School of the Arts. They have a full-time high-school program, and if I get accepted, I start in the summer. Wow. I guess I'm out of the loop. When did you decide this? I've been thinking about it for a while now. Everyone has their families, you know, and I'm not sure where I fit in. -But I always thought we were your family. -Oh, come on, Chloe. I know what you and everyone else thinks of me. That I'm driven and self-involved. I just can't wait to get out of here and go somewhere where people don't judge me. I never said anything like that. You never had to. Why have you never talked to me about this? Because I couldn't trust you. Chloe, thanks for coming. Yeah, well, I only have a minute. Clark just called me about a story that broke at the hospital, so.... Then you can give me the abridged version of your trip to LuthorCorp the other night. Let me guess... ...somehow, no one can resist telling you the truth. Are you looking for an apology? No. Chloe... ...I want you to use your gift to help me get back the weeks my father stole from me. I don't think your Dad would go to such extremes to destroy those memories... ...if they didn't pose some sort of a threat to him. Maybe you should just leave it alone. Why do I get the feeling you know more about this than you're letting on? I don't know anything about that. But I do know that because of you, my dad can't get a job. Why help you? Because my father is the one who ordered his dismissal. You know that's the truth, don't you? Meaning that my family's future is just one chess move... ...in the endless game of one-upmanship played by you and your dad? It's not a game, Chloe. You're the only one who can get me the truth. Why do you keep doing this to yourself? Why can't you just walk away from your father? Because he won't give me the only thing I've ever wanted from him. And that would be? I want him to love me. Pete. What are you doing here? Chloe said you had some big story. I just told her that. The way she's acting, I thought it was the only way to get her to the hospital. Is she okay? She got doused with something. It's making her sick. Some sort of truth gas. Which would explain the vise grip on my arm. I can take a hint. You want me out of here before the human lie detector shows up. -Hey, Pete. -Chloe. No, wait. Now, enough is enough. Everyone seems to be on the "run away from Chloe" bandwagon today. Why you? I'm trying to stay away from you so I don't tell you the truth. -Remember that story I called you about? -Yeah, we can talk about this story later. Right now, I want to know why you guys are playing such a zone defense on me. What is the big secret, Pete? I'm in love with you, Chloe. I've been waiting to do that ever since the first day that I met you. Okay, whoa, Pete. Why didn't you tell me this sooner? Because I knew the way you felt about Clark. And I never saw the point. -Pete, wait. -Chloe, listen. If Clark's right and there's something wrong with you, then take care of it. Please. Chloe? Are you okay? I need some help! Please! -What's her name? -Chloe. Chloe, we're going to take you down to Exam 3. You're gonna be okay. Have you had anything to eat today? -Yeah, a little. -When did you...? Clark, I've been looking for you. They arrested Mrs. Taylor. I know. It's been all over the lnternet. So long as you're online, wanna ask Jeeves how long it takes to die of embarrassment? Pete, how come you didn't tell me how you felt about Chloe? It's not like I ever had a chance with her. -What would make you say that? -Because I'm always standing next to you. Oh, come on, Clark. As far as long shadows go, you're the dark side of the moon. -Why are you looking through Chloe's files? -I'm worried about her. She was working on a story about a LuthorCorp project called Levitas. This retired military doctor, General Jonah Doyle... ...claims he was part of the first test five years ago. Sounds like a crackpot. It's our only lead. Everything looks normal. I'll be right back. -That wasn't very long. -Miss Sullivan. You look a bit peaked. Well, I suppose a steady diet of truth can wear on a person. I understand you've borrowed one of our LuthorCorp security cards. I was just trying to help my dad. What did you do, blacklist him? You're damn right I blacklisted him. He'll be lucky to find a job as a dishwasher. Well, I warned you there'd be repercussions if you defied me. I'm a man of my word. There's only one way to find out. What? Did you order Morgan Edge to kill your parents? Of course I did. For their life insurance. I needed that money to start my company. I'm sorry you asked me that question, Miss Sullivan. That's very dangerous information for you to have. Why did you ask me that? That's not important. This is. Of course I did. For their life insurance. I have your entire confession recorded on my voice mail... ...and the only person that has the password is me. So if I were you, I would reconsider my father's employment situation. I'm impressed, but unfortunately, I don't respond to blackmail. But, you know, this isn't what's gonna get your father's job back. -Then what would? -lnformation... ...from an especially intransigent source. Does this source have a name? Two, actually. Jonathan and Martha Kent. But you need only ask one question. Why would I ever do that? Because I know you have a special place in your heart for their son... ...and it's killing you that he's hiding something from you. And we both know that this may be the only opportunity you'll ever have... ...to find out what that is. And what exactly is it that you want to know? Where did Clark Kent come from? You need a lesson in manners. I'm here to talk to you about the Levitas project. I know that LuthorCorp was the contractor when you were in charge. They've resumed the experiment. -Lionel Luthor send you? -No. I need to know how the drug affects people. Over there. We were trying to create the ultimate interrogator. Why did you stop? I balked over safety issues. Luthor retaliated by arranging for a disappointing psych report... ...and a dishonorable discharge. Mr. Doyle, a friend of mine stumbled into the LuthorCorp lab... ...that was continuing the Levitas research. I think she was exposed-- Is your friend showing symptoms? She's been having headaches. My guess is your friend will be dead by morning. -Dead? -That's why I suspended the project. We suspected the gas would work. But the toxicity levels were off the charts. Is there anything that can help her? Just before the project went down, I was working on a possible counteractant. It was never tested. If I have to use this, how much do I give her? Hit her with a full dose. Right in the heart. Excuse me. I'm looking for Chloe Sullivan. So are we. She left without being officially discharged. -Clark. What a surprise. -ls it? I know about your human truth serum. The Levitas project. Levitas...? Levita-- I think we abandoned that project five, seven years ago. You're lying. That's a provocative accusation, Clark, especially coming from you. I don't believe you're here just to check on Chloe's health. Did you get her to work for you again? Ask more questions about me? Whatever I ask her to do, Clark, is in search of the truth. She might die. You couldn't care less. Come on. -Hello? -Chloe, it's Clark. You have to get back to the hospital now. What you have might kill you. You're just saying that so you can stop me. Stop you from what? Do you know what it's like to look at your best friend... ...and know he is lying? I can't do this anymore. Chloe. Chloe, talk to me. Chloe! Are you all right, Chloe? Talk to me. You have to let me help you. Chloe. I warned you to leave us alone! My mother doesn't deserve to be in jail! Chloe? Clark! Clark, I'm at the Coughlin Bridge! Please help me! Chloe! It's gonna be okay. -Well, that's it. No need to call back. -Two invitations to your office in one week. I should be flattered. You should be more careful. In the future, if you want to reactivate one of my old projects... ...son, all you have to do is ask. If you made more of an effort to keep me informed, I wouldn't resort to subterfuge. I am trying to understand, Lex, why you would be so desperate to learn the truth... ...that you would resort to using a dangerously unstable drug. I guess the truth has never really held much merit for you. Now, I'm losing my patience, Lex. You are constantly defensive with me. Now, tell me, damn it, what is it you want from me? It doesn't really matter, Dad. I'm never going to get it. Chloe, how are you feeling? A little shaky. But I'm totally truth-serum free. Whatever you Pulp Fiction-ed into my chest not only kick-started my heart... ...but also relieved me of any Levitas in my system, so... ...that's good. -Did you hear what happened to William? -Yeah. Between his mother's past and her arrest... ...he took quite a hit. I never meant to hurt him. His mom's the one who should've told him. But that's the thing about the truth. It's bound to come out, sooner or later. Then I guess it's my turn to come clean. When you found me on the bridge, I was on my way here. I was gonna ask your parents all the questions you would never answer. Look... ...I know "I'm sorry" has become a recurring motif in our relationship, but-- No, Chloe.... I appreciate your honesty, but you weren't yourself. I really wish I could believe that. But there have been so many times my curiosity has gotten the best of me. -Maybe this is just who I am. -No. You're going after the truth. Nothing wrong with that. Unless it hurts the people you care the most about. I'm just afraid that one day I'm gonna push too hard... ...and I'm not going to get the chance to say I'm sorry. Today's not that day. Clark. Thanks for coming by. Is everything okay? I haven't gotten many phone messages from you lately. Yeah. I've been wanting to show you this. Paris? I sent in my application last week. I don't understand. I'm leaving. -Lana, if this is because of me-- -No. No. Because of everything. I'm beginning to feel like I need a fresh start. What about your life here? What about your friends? Well, maybe I'll wind up in Smallville eventually, but... ...I don't think I can be happy, wondering if there's something else out there. Why didn't you tell me sooner? Because... ...I didn't want anyone to talk me out of it. And the truth is... ...I knew you were the only person that could. Thank you for using KansCom. Please enter your security code now. You have one new message. Hello, Miss Sullivan. It's only me. Oh, no need to look for that conversation we had earlier. That's gone, and.... Well, that's it. No need to call back. You have no more messages. --------------------------------------------- -**- English Subtitles by jondon -**- Smallville Taiwan Fans Site