- that i care about. - No more than three tablets a day. They can be highly addictive. Please, for your own good, get out of here now! I put up with years of your taking someone else's side over mine... first clark and then davis? Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life. There is a savior among us. Until you fulfill your destiny, he won't have his great challenge to overcome. You were destined to kill each other. Sorry about being the invisible best friend lately. Just when i thought i'd hit my fill of high-maintenance men, i take a job from oliver. Watchtower is officially online. There is something about being around you that seems to calm the murderer inside me. Will you stay with me? We all have our inner demons... ... but we must learn to control them. Davis, is everything okay? Sorry if i woke you. i had another one. It's just a dream. You know you're safe with me. Could you come down anyway? I need to see you. Of course. I'll be down right away. You know, this isn't exactly the typical response to a bad dream. Most people just get a night-light. I wanted to surprise you. It's beautiful. But i don't remember ever seeing a box of candles down here or flowers. There weren't any. Davis, we talked about this. - You can't leave the basement. - I was careful. I know how much you're risking by helping me. I only wanted to thank you. I don't need thanks. I need to able to trust you. I won't do it again. I'm sorry. You've helped me when no one else would. Well, friends help each other, right? Friends help you move. They take you to the airport. You can't think that's really all this is. Okay, so maybe it was a 9.9 on the richter scale of favors, but that doesn't change our relationship. We met in a flurry of smoking ash, burnt-out cars, people freaking out, but for a moment there, it felt like everything disappeared except us. Those feelings haven't changed. I do care about you, davis. - But... - Stay. Please. Without you, the man that i want to be doesn't exist. Davis, is that blood? What did you think was gonna happen? No! Smallville 820 "Beast" Synchro : Flolo Transcript : YYets.net For seriessub.com you okay? You can usually make cappuccinos blindfolded. Yeah, i just didn't get my full seven hours of sleep last night. And judging from the look on your face, you didn't come here to join me for pancakes. Tess named davis the serial killer. She devoted the whole front page of today's paper to the story. Headlines can't hurt davis now that he's dead. That's the thing, chloe. I'm starting to believe that davis is still alive. Come on, clark. We both watched him die. - Oliver buried the body. - But it says in this article they found one of bruno mannheim's thugs in a dumpster, torn apart, the same way that doomsday dismembered his victims. That body was probably there for weeks. The murder happened after davis died. I love a good ghost story just as much as the next girl, but there has to be a more logical explanation than the resurrection of an alien monster. There could be a copycat killer. Chloe, he's come back from the dead before. Not from meteor rock. Look, clark, i understand why you're paranoid. Davis was sent here to kill you. I mean, that would make anyone believe there were monsters under their bed. It doesn't change the fact that davis is a murderer. But, clark, davis is dead, and the only thing that's keeping him alive in your mind is fear. Let him go. Gentlemen, luthorcorp is going green, and i certainly don't want all the old-money investors to think we're wasting all of their money on hemp bracelets, so... we could send some cameras into the geothermal energy facility. It's innovative. It's profitable. Okay, perfect. Call tess. Arrange a press release. Nothing screams "photo op" like a 10-mile hole in the ground, right? Hey, oliver, um, can we talk for a quick sec? not the greatest time right now, actually. I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important. Okay. All right. Gentlemen, excuse me. - Thank you. - I'm sorry to barge in on your lunch... yeah, jimmy, listen, those guys aren't my frat brothers. - I'm here on business. - Yeah, i know. I know. Real quick. I was hoping that you could spot me 600 bucks, stat. My mechanic called a code blue on my alternator. Well, you work here. What are they paying you, in shirley temples? They, uh... they let me go. Cutbacks. I mean, you know how that is. I do. That's why i'm pretty sure it's not your car that needs the fix, buddy. You think that i'm lying? I got three bus transfers to prove it. Listen, i know a really great place you can go to, get back to being yourself. It's very discreet, staff's very supportive, food's great. Now, if you're worried about paying for your treatment, don't... 'cause i can take care of that for you, okay? Great. You gonna drive me there, too? 'cause my car doesn't work. All right, hey... ... this road that you're on, man, it is lonely, all right? Now, if you need someone to talk to, if you need a friend... then i'm that guy, but, uh... i'm not gonna give you any money for drugs. You know, i thought after everything that happened that we could be friends. But seeing you don't trust me, i guess not. You've been caring for davis bloome in your basement? Who else knows about this? No one. Not even oliver. And i came to you directly because he can't be trusted. Chloe, he created our organization to help with exactly this kind of problem. Oliver killed lex luthor. And the stakes are too high to have someone involved who can't think clearly. Webmd doesn't exactly have a lot of intergalactic infections, so you were the only person that i could turn to for a cure. No, i'm glad that you came to me, but there's only so much i can do with a few cells. You have his dna. What more do you need? The subject in person. That's not gonna happen. I can run some preliminary tests on the saliva. But, chloe, are... are you sure this is something you want to take on alone? I'll be fine. Call me when you get the results. - Who was that? - Davis, you shouldn't be outside. What's going on? Who were you talking to? Look at me. It's fine, okay? Calm down. It's just a friend. Now, you know you're not supposed to be out of the house. What's happening? Nothing helps. I tried looking at photos of you, i tried holding strands of your hair... none of it works. This thing inside me, it starts to claw its way out as soon as you leave. I can't be away from you now. You are now metropolis' own cornfield killer. Now, i didn't tell you about this earlier because i didn't want to upset you, but the police are hunting for you as we speak. And by accepting your help, i put you directly in their cross hairs. Only if someone finds you, which they won't because i won't let that happen. But what about when the cops find you? - What then? - Then we leave. We load up the car and never look back. You've done more for me in a few weeks than anyone's done in my entire life. But i can't ask you to run away with me. Then it's a good thing you're not the one asking. You wouldn't be able to say goodbye to anyone, not even clark. Can you do that? Can you honestly tell me that i am the most important person in your life? ... i would do anything for you. Well, then maybe this is our chance to start over. Let's leave smallville. So, this is actually happening. i just need to close a few accounts and dead-end some paper trails first, but we can be on the road by sundown. ... i don't know where i'd be without you. Oliver, i checked the quarry where you said you buried davis. - He's not there anymore. - Your vision must be getting blurry. I buried that body myself. I still have the dirt under my fingernails to prove it. I saw the grave. It's empty. Why would someone move the body? I don't think anyone moved it. It doesn't look like anyone dug into the ground. Looks like something... clawed its way out. Then that thing's still alive. It went after chloe before. I think it may try again. Have you warned her yet? She thinks i'm being paranoid. Paranoid? She knows he's obsessed with her, right? Which is why i need you to find her. Take her someplace safe. I need to head to the fortress, see if i can find a way to send doomsday to a place he can't hurt anyone again. No need to pack your parka. I can tell you how to conquer the beast. Kick his ass, clark. Get this thing out of our lives once and for all. You want me to kill him. No. I need you to kill him. We all do. You're the only one who can. That doesn't make it right. I'd still be taking a life. You'd be saving thousands, clark. The only way any of us are ever gonna be safe again is if doomsday is destroyed... for good. Doomsday is my problem, and i will handle it. Just, please, take care of chloe. I'm down to my last card, emil, and i really don't want to play it, so please take another look at the samples. There has to be a cure. His nuclei are in a constant state of mutation.</i> I tried to destroy a cell, and somehow, it got stronger.</i> You said you wanted to see him in person. I mean, how 'bout i bring him down to your lab? Frankly, i don't want him anywhere near me.</i> He's not always a monster. I mean, something is keeping him from transforming.</i> Well, sometimes, dramatic changes to the body</i> are caused by intense emotions... love, hate... obsession. Which is why my presence stops him from morphing. Chloe, this creature puts us all in danger.</i> - We need to warn people. - You don't want to do that.</i> You betray me, you betray davis, and you sure as hell don't want to be on his bad side. Fine. But if you do have this power over him, then it's all on you.</i> You're the only cure. Were you just talking to someone? Just one of my patients. Have you heard from oliver lately? Not since he asked me to hack into a stream of transmissions from tehran, and considering the fact that, farsi isn't exactly my strong suit, i should probably get back to translating. Chloe, davis is alive. I have proof, and i need to find him. Well, i'm sure that when he resurfaces, we'll hear about it. He has a habit of crashing his way onto the 6:00 news. Well, i intend to find him and bring him to the fortress before that happens. I got a faint signal from the console, and i found the crystal that brainiac used to release zod. Okay, putting aside my serious distrust of all things brainiac, how is the crystal gonna help? It's gonna open up a portal to the phantom zone. Clark, you can't send davis there. Chloe, he has killed over 50 people. He put jimmy in the hospital. - There's nothing more i can do for him. - I'm talking about you. I mean, what if, when you open the portal, it sucks you in.</i> You once told me if there was no other choice, that you hoped i would put the good of the world first. Exactly. And losing you is not good for the world. It's a risk i have to take. Okay, then maybe i can help. I've been hearing about a string of suspicious murders in alaska. Now, i didn't pay much attention to them because they weren't trademark doomsday... it's okay. It's a lead. I'll find him. Good luck. So, you're stealing money from chloe now. I guess your car really does need those repairs. It's just a loan. I'm gonna pay it back. Holy... oh, what the hell? Hey, you okay? Aside from being snatched by a crazed serial killer? Yeah, i'm great. Any idea who did this? Not to sound like a broken record, but it was davis bloome. - Where the hell are we? - Looks like the talon basement. My god, what's he done with chloe? Never hurt chloe. She, uh... she saved me. No way. Now, chloe might be a sucker for the strange, but she's not crazy. Bit of advice... you really don't want to upset me right now. Yeah, trust me, i know. I've seen your horns. You give a whole new meaning to the term "bridezilla." You're the beast. Hey, davis, it's me. I'm just on my way home right now. Chloe, hurry. I can feel myself changing. Please get back here and stop it. Chloe, stay away! Is there someone there with you? Some guys broke into your apartment. I'm holding them here. Why did you leave the basement? Because i thought you were in danger. Okay, you trust me, right? So trust me on this and let them go. As soon as we're out of smallville. Just come home, chloe. Hurry. I'll be there as soon as i can. Why did you do it? Come on. Every killer's got a sob story. You know, i hear that an unhappy childhood, that's... that's pretty popular. You wouldn't understand. Of course not, because you, uh... you brooding types... you guys are all so complicated. Jimmy, come on, man. Chill out. No! No, that monster destroyed my life and brainwashed chloe, and he's trying to ruin hers, too! You have no idea what chloe really wants! We have to be together. Hey, man, look, i know what it's like to jones after a girl. Really, i do, but you can hold on a little bit longer, okay? - You have to. Chloe's on her way. - Oh, i hope so. I really do, because if she's not, the only way that i can control myself is if i kill one of you. Then kill me... because you've taken everything from me. All that's left is scar tissue. Jimmy, that's enough. What are you, anyways? Because you're sure as hell not human. Stop talking. Do you really think chloe could ever love you? Whatever lies that you told her... she's gonna find out the truth eventually, and when she does... no, davis! Davis! Chloe's never gonna forgive you for that! You understand?! Please! Please. You're right. You mean too much to chloe. It has to be you. I'm sorry. Davis, don't do this, please. Please, no! Where's chloe?! What are you gonna do to me, clark? Oh, my god. Was davis holding jimmy in the basement? They're lucky to be alive. Jimmy, i'm so sorry. Whatever you do, chloe... - stay away from that monster. - Let's go. You know, chloe, i thought about calling the police. Instead, i figured i'd give you a chance to explain yourself before i let them haul you off to prison for harboring a serial killer. I shouldn't have left davis here alone. This is all my fault. When did you become one the bad guys, huh? For whatever reason, i calm the beast inside him. He needed me. He needed you. So, the needs of the cornfield killer outweigh the needs of the rest of the world. Is that it? - It's complicated. - No, it's complicated, yeah. That's the same thing your psychopathic boyfriend told me. Look, either i keep him with me or let innocent people die. Oh, come on... if you really believed that, you would have handled things a little bit differently, don't you think? Instead, what do you do? You cook him dinner, you fluff his pillow, you rock him to sleep. Okay, look, i understand what it looked like from the outside, but trust me, i had the whole thing under control. You didn't have anything under control! Speaking as davis' next victim, i can tell you, your plan was seriously flawed! How did you think this was gonna end, chloe? I'll find him, okay? I'll fix this. No. You won't. I think you've done enough. We'll let clark handle it from here. Wait, oliver. Where is clark? Well, he took davis. He's finally gonna finish this. I don't care if this place trapped me once before. You want to throw down with me, good luck. I didn't come here looking for a fight. This fortress can help you. It's all that's left of our planet. How did a piece of krypton get here? My father created it using kryptonian technology. It'll send you to a world where you don't have to hide who you are any longer. A world without chloe? No, you better have a plan "b" because i'm not losing her. If you truly cared about her, you would let her go. You got it all wrong, clark. She chose to protect me. It was her idea for us to leave smallville forever. Chloe would have done that for anyone. She believes in second chances. She doesn't actually have feelings for you. Why? Because of what i am? I didn't want this, clark. I even killed myself to try to escape this life, but the darkness... it doesn't come out when chloe's around. She makes me... human. What happens when that changes? It won't. Look, she is my chance to be happy. Why can't my own kryptonian brother let me have that? I'm sorry, davis. I was wrong. We're not brothers. I don't want to hurt you, davis. Don't worry. You can't. If i go, i'm taking you with me. Chloe, what are you doing? I can't let you do this. This is the right choice, chloe. Trust me. Trust you? Clark, the only reason why you won't kill him is because you don't want blood on your hands. I can't believe you were willing to force him into a life of hell for all of eternity. I know you better than anyone. I can't let you do this. You would never forgive yourself for giving up on him. Tell me that your search team has a read on that beast. I have people on every continent, jimmy, but so far, no. No castle to storm. Sorry. You know, i'm not sure the beast you need to be fighting's out there, jimmy. I think maybe, uh... maybe it's in here. Look, if this is another attempt to turn me into the poster boy for rehab, cancel the photo shoot, 'cause i'm not interested. I didn't call you here for a lecture. Just this. It's the money you asked for... for your car. Forget it. i don't need your handout. Oh, it's not a handout. It's your first paycheck. Let me guess... got 12 steps attached to it. Well, only if you decide not to take the elevator to your office. The truth is, there's an opening on my staff, and something tells me you'd be perfect for it. I ran a little background check on you. It seems to me there's more to your story than you write on your cover letter. Unfortunately, what you see is what you get. I'm a mediocre photographer turned failed bartender. I don't remember seeing a job posting for that on careerbuilder.com. I don't know, jimmy. Everybody knows you take great action shots. What i didn't realize until recently was, when called upon, you're pretty damn good in action, as well. You make it sound like i'm some kind of hero. Trust me, i'm not. I wouldn't be so sure. You figured out davis bloome's serial-killer secret before any of us did. You took on the beast all by yourself. It takes guts. You got good instincts, jimmy. - That's enough for me. - Yeah. Thanks to those instincts, my life is really awesome these days. Well, if you don't like it, change it. Why don't you start by accepting my offer? What's the catch? No, no, no catch. No catch, just work, and a lot of it. It's a full-time gig. What do you say? If you're looking for chloe, you're wasting your time, clark, but i guess that's what you do best, isn't it? She's gone, man. She doesn't want to be found. If there's anyone who can make themselves invisible, it's chloe. Davis must have done something to her. Chloe would never have lied to me if she weren't trapped. Either that or she just can't resist tall, dark, and doomsday. Besides, davis isn't a monster when he's around her. - He's got real feelings for her. - Whatever his feelings are for her chloe would never care about him. Clark, she sent you on a wild-goose chase to alaska when she was hiding that psycho killer in the basement. Take it from a guy who spent $10 billion on a merger with the girl that got away. You don't always choose who you fall for. The chloe you're talking about does not exist. She'd never choose davis over her friends. Well, people change, clark. Maybe it's time you did, too. You should have killed that thing when you had the chance. Clark, i know you want to save everybody. But eventually, you're gonna have to make the tough decisions. It's what heroes do. Who is this? Clark, it's chloe. I just wanted to let you know that i'm okay. Where are you? Davis and i are gone, but please don't try and find us, okay? We're fine. You think that you're safe, chloe, but you aren't. You are not safe with him. I'm sure everyone's fitting me for a straightjacket right now, but, clark, i do know what i'm doing. And i knew that if i told you any sooner that you would have found a way to stop me, so... look, everything i've ever done, right or wrong, i did for you. By running away? Admit it, chloe. You have feelings for davis. That's why you're protecting him. Clark, i'm protecting you. I meant what i said. Condemning davis to a life as that monster is worse than killing him. But what about you, chloe? Chloe, i'm gonna spend every second looking for you. I will find a way to save you. Clark, you're not here to save one person. You're here to save all of us. And you think sacrificing yourself will help me do that. Chloe, you're wrong. You're wrong, chloe. I must have thrown a million green rocks away, and i have never really saved you. Now i can. Chloe, listen to me. This is your life that we're talking about. Don't do this. If there's one lesson i've learned from you, it's that choosing the greater good is never a sacrifice. You said that road trips give you a sweet tooth, so... Thank you. We better get moving. We want