Are you two still here? I think you need to go back. Back home and get some rest. Hey, Clark. Don't worry about me, son. It's gonna take a whole lot more than a heart attack to keep your old man down. I just feel like this is all my fault. Hey. Come here. Look, there's a lot of things that you can do... ...but causing cardiac arrest is not one of them. Last time you were at the doctor's, they said you had a heart of a 20-year-old... -...just before I went to Metropolis-- -lf you're suggesting your biological father-- He gave you powers humans weren't meant to have. Your heart can't handle it. Clark, no, there were other factors. If I hadn't put on that ring... ...and abandoned you and Mom when you needed me most, you wouldn't be lying here. As hard as this is for you to believe... ...not everything that goes wrong in Smallville is Clark Kent's fault. Watch out! -Where are you going? -They're gonna kill someone. Ladies and gentlemen! Your reigning king of speed: Pete "The Boss" Ross! Whoa, Dante, that's some serious green. All right, I jacked up the meteor-rock ratio in this new batch of nitrous, okay? You ought to be working for NASA, man. These cars are gonna be like rockets. Hey, Pete. Clark, what are you doing here? Hey, nice ride, man. What's that thing do, like, 0 to 60 in an hour? Hey, you ever wanna turn that tortoise into a hare, give me a call. See you, bro. How's your dad? He's okay, but in case you didn't notice, you almost obliterated our truck last night. -My mom was behind the wheel. -I'm sorry if I scared your mom, Clark... ...but, I swear, I was in complete control the whole time. -At 1 00 miles an hour? -You're not exactly one to talk... ...about breaking the speed limit. You know what it's like to move so fast that nothing can touch you. For me, this is as close as I can get. -How long have you been doing this? -I don't know. Couple months. Why didn't you tell me about it? Because I knew you'd ground me and take away my allowance. Pete, this isn't a joke. You could really hurt someone. Clark, I know how to handle these cars. Dante's the best driver. He's taught me everything he knows. Including how to break the law. Street racing is illegal. -You could go to jail. -Not if no one finds out. You're good at keeping secrets, Clark. You're not gonna tell anybody. Right? They say everyone's got someone that looks like him. Chad Nash doesn't just look like you. Karate team, orchestra, computer club. All things that you just happen to be a master of? According to this article, you died five months ago of a rare liver disease... ...and suddenly you're standing in front of me with a different name? -Who else has seen this? -No one. -Are you sure? -Yes. Adam, tell me what's going on. Lana, you can't tell anyone. You have to promise me you'll keep this a secret. Adam, your eye. It happens all the time. -It's just a broken capillary. -Are you sure you're okay? It's nothing. I'm fine. Lana, listen, you have to promise me you're not gonna tell anyone about this, okay? -Adam-- -My life could depend on it. Please, promise me you won't say a word. So I've been following up on our mysterious tenant in the Talon. It seems he has an intimate relationship with needles. I take it you're not talking about embroidery? Hardly. I found a vial in his apartment... ...and took it to the pathologist at Smallville Med to have it analyzed. Well, what is it? It's a serum that contains minute amounts of cells resembling blood platelets. Now, what's even freakier is the molecular makeup... ...is like nothing the pathologist has ever seen in any human or animal. That's why I decided to take a peek into Adam's medical records. Privacy laws don't seem to faze you much, do they? Not when I'm worried about one of my best friends. As long as Lana has The Talented Mr. Ripley living above her... ...I'll do whatever it takes to make sure he's not dangerous. -ls he? -I don't know. I know that when he was in the hospital, he had a doctor visiting him twice a week. Well, that doesn't sound very unusual to me. It is when it's not an M.D. Dr. Teng is a professor of molecular biology at Metropolis University. -Have you been following up with him? -"Him" is a her... ...and she's so high up in the ivory tower I'd need a ladder. That's why I came to you. A generous benefactor of the university will have more luck than a high school student. Have you mentioned any of this to Lana? I didn't wanna say anything until I found out all the facts. Let's keep it that way. What are you doing? If I'd hit you, I'd have totaled this car and it's not even mine. -Slow down, you wouldn't have a problem. -When did you become a cop? Since you started racing kryptonite-fueled cars that can break the sound barrier. -Don't I wish. -Pete, listen to me. There have been a series of fatal car accidents this year. They all had the same kryptonite booster tanks. Clark, any car can be dangerous if you don't know how to drive it. -But I do. -That's not the point. Yes, it is. For once in my life, I finally found something that I'm truly good at. What are you talking about? You're good at a lot of things. -Like what? -Like basketball. You got a killer jump shot. -You've beaten me plenty of times. -Yeah, when you're not using your powers. Clark, I'm okay at hoops. I'm a decent photographer. But you saw that crowd last night. You heard them chanting my name... ...and for once in my life, I finally get to feel what you feel like every single day. I get to feel special. -Pete, I'm not special. I'm different. -Clark, who do you think you're kidding? You can do things that I can never even dream of. And ever since we were kids, even before I knew your secret... -...I've been walking in your shadow. -That's not true. Clark, don't get me wrong. It's not a bad place to be. But I'm growing up. I'm realizing that I got my own talents. Pete, I can't let you race anymore. It's too dangerous. Clark, what are you gonna do, physically stop me every time I go to race? If I have to! Fine, Clark, you win. I guess I'll just keep living vicariously through you. -Doctor-- -It's rookie season-- -Hey. -You look like you're feeling better. Yeah. They need to give this room to somebody really sick. -I got a farm to run. -Everything's taken care of. You need to concentrate on feeling better and your checkers strategy. -Not necessarily in that order. -You've been here every night. Why don't you go out with your friends, have some fun. Why would I go out when I can beat my dad at checkers? I'm serious. Listen, just because I'm stuck in here doesn't mean you need to be. Why don't you call Pete? Go to the movies. I'll watch TV. Pete has other plans. You two all right? He's been hanging out with a different crowd lately. Wait a minute. When you say "different," you mean... ...wrong? Without realizing it, I think I've taken Pete for granted. Well, you and Pete have been friends since the sandbox, son. Maybe he's just going through a phase. As long as he's not getting into trouble... ...give it some time. -How you feeling, Boss? -Like I'm about to own the road. All right. Look, you're gonna have to shift gears. -What do you mean? -It's time to take a dive. No winning streak lasts forever, okay? You're 6-0. That's the best driver this county's seen since yours truly. Now, that means all the money's on you. -So? -So that's a lot of bucks if you lose. So all that stuff about the beauty of racing and the triumph of victory, that was all lies? No, hell no. I meant every word of that. This is the beauty of racing, Dante style. See you at the finish line. This is for good luck. Not that you need it. Congratulations, Boss. Oh, thank you. Hey, Dante, look. About that whole cheating thing... -...it's, like, I didn't have it in me. -Yeah, it isn't in you? What do you think this is? A little game of Hot Wheels? I'm out $20,000 because of you. -Sorry. -Sorry's not gonna cut it. So you're gonna give me the keys to my car. You're gonna pay me my 20 G's... ...and I never wanna see your face again. Dante, where am I gonna get $20,000? Oh, you're gonna figure it out. Because if you don't... ...the only car you're gonna be driving in is a hearse. -Hey, how's your dad? -He'll be better once we get him home. Look, I gotta run. His room's right around the corner. -He'll be happy to see you. -Clark. Have you, by any chance, seen Adam? Is everything all right? I just hope your dad likes the balloons. It was either these or the "get well" teddy bear. He'll love them. I'm gonna go. Bye. Dr. Teng. If you'd bothered to read the sign, you'd know my office hours don't begin until 5. I'm not a student, doctor. I'm LeX Luthor. Am I supposed to be impressed? Even the chancellor makes an appointment before he interrupts my work. I've heard you like to play doctor. Think I can get a checkup? I don't give physicals, Mr. Luthor. Nor do I see any patients. I'm a research scientist. What about Adam Knight? Isn't he a patient? -I told you. I don't-- -I just don't understand... ...why a world-renowned molecular biologist... ...would pay regular visits to a patient in a small-town hospital. The amount of money your family funnels into this university... ...does not grant you the right to storm in here and interrogate me. Now, if you'll eXcuse me, I have work to do. Does that work happen to involve blood platelets of unknown origin? I think you've seen one too many sci-fi movies, Mr. Luthor. No. I've simply been fascinated with the mysteries of hematology for some time. NeXt time, I'll be sure to call first. I wouldn't wanna interrupt a moment of inspiration. From the way your dad's going off about Kansas State's free throws... ...I wouldn't know he had a heart attack. It's nice of you to stop by, Pete. Clark, I've known your dad almost as long as I've known my own. -How you holding up? -lt was tough the first couple days... ...but now that he's out of the woods, I'm doing okay. Your dad's the strongest guy I know beside you. He's gonna be fine. I better get going. Pete, are you okay? Clark, you got enough on your plate without me adding to it. Pete! Don't worry about me. What's going on? Dante asked me to throw a race, and I couldn't do it. Now he's threatening to kill me unless I pay him the money that he lost in bets. How much is it? Twenty thousand dollars. Clark, I don't know what I'm gonna do. All right, look. You're just gonna lay low for now. I'll figure something out. So you think Dante's more grand-theft auto than lndy 500, huh? Why else would he have a collection of license plates with new registrations? Journalistic obsessions aside, it seems like you have a vested interest in this story. You know how it is. Once you start on a really good story... ...you can't stop until you get to the bottom. I just chatted with the motorheads up in auto shop. Your source wouldn't happen to be Pete "The Boss" Ross, would it? I understand protecting your source... ...but we're talking about Pete risking his life every time he goes for the checkered flag. Pete asked me to keep it secret. I'm keeping my word. Yeah, but you of all people should know that when your friend is being reckless... ...sometimes keeping a secret hurts more than it helps. He needs a friend. Now, Pete might listen to me. -What's that supposed to mean? -It's called sibling rivalry. You and Pete are practically brothers. Now, from what I've heard... ...sometimes it's difficult to take advice from your sibling. You were right about Jason Dante. He could be the poster boy for LoJack. All of the VlN numbers you took down are for stolen cars. That's all the evidence we need. I'm gonna go talk to the sheriff. County sheriff! Hands where I can see them! Drop that drill. Now! Good work, Mr. Kent. It only took eight deputies and four cruisers... ...to discover that that barn was as clean as my grandma's pantry. But I saw those license plates. The only plates in that barn were the ones in the kitchenette sink. And none of the cars in there had VlN numbers similar to the ones you gave me. -Sheriff, that's impossible. -As usual, Mr. Kent... ...your information's about as accurate as the local weatherman. But I'm cutting you some slack this time... ...because I've had my eye on Jason Dante for a while now, and he is one slippery fish. Next time you say there's a storm a-brewing, Mr. Kent... ...I'd better see some rain. Pete? What happened to you? Dante thought I was the one that called the sheriff. It was you. Dante knew about the raid, because he's got a deputy in his pocket. That's why he never gets busted. -Let's get you inside and clean you up. -Clark, I'll be fine. I just need you to get me that $20,000. How am I gonna come up with that much money? Go Kal on an ATM machine. -You've done it before. -When I was on red kryptonite. -Then go slip on a ring. -Pete, I can't do that. Clark, you don't get it. Dante's a psycho. He told me he's gonna kill my parents first... ...and then if I still don't pay up, he's gonna come after me. Pete, you know I'd never let anything happen to you or your family. -But it doesn't mean I need to break the law. -That's never bothered you before. We've broken into so many buildings. -We were trying to help people-- -And now I'm the one that needs help. Me! Clark, if you beat him up, he's just gonna come after us later. You're not gonna kill him, and let's face it. You can't be on secret-service detail forever. I gotta put an end to this. -There's gotta be another way. -Clark! It's my family we're talking about. If you don't give me that cash, we're dead. Clark, you just caught me. I was on my way out to a meeting. -Did your dad get the DVD player? -Thanks, Lex. That was nice of you. -He really enjoyed those Westerns. -I figured he would. I hope he feels better soon. You've done so much already, but I need a big favor. -Name it. -I need $20,000 cash. You're right. That is big. You mind telling me what it's for? My friend got mixed up with the wrong crowd. Now they're making him pay for it. Is this the old proverbial friend who happens to be you? Believe me, if that was the case, it'd be a lot easier. Well, tell your friend that, in my experience, money-hungry thugs are like stray dogs. You feed them once, they're at your back door every night asking for more. LeX. Unfortunately, I don't think my friend has a choice. They're threatening to kill him. Mr. Luthor, chopper's waiting. Be careful. Here's your $20,000. This car is worth a lot more than that. -LeX gave it to you? -Not eXactly. -You stole it? -I plan on giving it back... ...after you challenge Dante to a race he can't say no to. -What are you talking about? -lf he wins, the Porsche is his. If you win, your debt is settled. Whole problem is, as fast as this thing moves... ...it can't stand a chance versus Dante's car. No, this is the prize. You'll drive the car you always drive. -And you're gonna win. -Well, I appreciate the confidence... ...but Dante's never lost a race. He will this time, I guarantee it. I'm gonna use my heat vision to fry his engine. I stay away from the kryptonite. No one gets hurt. A last-minute tune-up. Clark, you're awesome! I'm glad you're happy, Pete. Because I had to lie for you and steal for you, and now I have to cheat for you. Let's get this done. Well, I gotta hand it to you, Boss. You got quite a pair of lug nuts to take me on. Baby, take the Porsche down to the starting line, okay? Okay. How do I know she's not gonna drive off with it? I'll drive it down. Clark, keep an eye on the Mustang. -We ready to fly? -Oh, yeah. This kid's for real. It's not such an easy win. -Did you put the package in the kid's car? -Yeah, we're all set. Good. Once the speedometer hits 1 00, the Boss'll be blown to bits. The race is off. You rigged his car. There's a bomb in the engine. And who made you racing commissioner? Put him in the trunk. -Where's Clark? -I thought he was out here. Let's stop stalling. Let's put it down. Pete. Pete. Good luck, Boss. Oh, my God. I think he's dead. I thought you didn't do house calls. Thanks to you, the university is threatening to revoke my tenure. My funding has been cut off. I suppose those are the consequences of conducting illicit drug trials... ...without bothering to notify your own university, let alone the FDA. You're lucky no federal charges have been pressed... ...but then again, that could simply be a matter of time. What exactly is it that you want? I want you to do what you do best, doctor. Biology. How do you suggest I do that? The university won't even let me in the building. I'm gonna fund your research, doctor. Consider your budget doubled. You'll have access to whatever equipment you require... ...as long as you tell me where the platelets come from and what you're using them for. -Adam? Are you there? -Be right out. Adam? Are you okay? I'm fine. Adam, I kept my word. I didn't tell anyone about Chad Nash. -But I think I deserve an eXplanation. -Look, Lana. This is bigger than you realize. Whatever you know, just forget about it, for your own good. No, Adam, I can't do that. If you're gonna live here, you're going to have to be honest with me. You want the truth? I'll make it real clear to you. You tell anyone what you found out, and you're gonna regret ever meeting me. Clark. -Hey, LeX. -Hey. I was wondering what ever happened with your friend. It turns out the dog's bark is bigger than his bite. I had a feeling you'd work it out, Clark. You know, the oddest thing happened yesterday. After I talked to you, my silver Porsche was seen speeding off the grounds. Someone stole it? Not eXactly. By the time I got in, it was resting in my garage... ...snug in its car cover. That's odd. - I'm glad you got it back. -Yeah. My security thinks it was a joy rider, but I'm not so sure. -Why? What do you think happened? -I don't know. But I understand what it's like to have a friend in need, Clark. Sometimes you have to cross the moral line to come to their aid. Often that can be the test of a true friendship. Give your dad my regards. The words "home sweet home" have never been truer. -Come on, let's get your feet up. -I don't need to put my feet up. They've been up for a week. The doctor said that I need to rest. I'm not an invalid. Well, I'm gonna make some lunch. I got you low-sodium turkey. -Low-sodium turkey? -Jonathan. Sounds good, sweetheart. Clark, sit down. Listen, son. It doesn't take a genius to realize... ...that something's been bothering you other than my health lately. What's up? While you were in the hospital, Pete got himself into a bind. I did some things I'm not too proud of. Well, your mother and l trust your judgment. We did raise you to know the difference between right and wrong. One day when we're not around anymore, I'm sure that you're gonna remember it. Look, in the world, things aren't always black and white. Sometimes you gotta wander out into the gray areas... ... and do what you think is best. What do you mean? Clark, I did go talk to Jor-El. And I think maybe that is why my heart gave out. But listen, son... ...I went into that cave knowing full well that there were risks involved. I'd do it again if thought you were in trouble. Dad, I promise I'll never put you in that position again. Clark, that's not what this is about. You're different than your mother and l. Son, you're gonna have to make choices in your life, moral choices... ...that she and I'll never have to make. But we both know, that when that time comes... ...you'll do what you think is best. What's right. That's what's important. -Hey. -Hey. Clark, look, l.... I know you're probably mad as hell at me, and to be honest, I don't blame you. All I can say is I'm sorry. I am too, Pete. I had to steal from one friend to help another... ...and someone died. I know. If I had listened to you from the start, none of this would've happened. Clark, listen, you told me your secret because I'm your friend... ...and at times, that's not an easy thing to be. But it doesn't give me the right to do what I did. I just wanna say that-- Clark, I swear, it will never happen again. Clark, I know I let you down. But I promise you until the day that I die... ...I will never disrespect your powers again. You wanna play some hoops? -I was just about to go inside. -Come on. Game of 21 by twos. Three-pointers outside of the crack. No powers. Not today, Pete. --------------------------------------------- -**- English Subtitles by jondon -**- Smallville Taiwan Fans Site