does it concern us? lana... i know you've had your doubts. i know you sometimes wonder if you can trust me. but i give you my word.you can. i'll always be here for you. always. i know. i'm not sure you do. you have no idid eahow much you mean to me. in an ideal worlrl d,i was hoping for some sort of response,but it's okay. it's late. we're both tired. lex. mr.luthor,there's been a breach. what's the code? 142. what does that mean? everything's gonna be fine. we're safe. miss lang,you've got to come with us. what's 142? i'll tell you everything once we're in the panic room. let's go,mr.luthor.let's go. don't worry,lana.yoyo u're gonna be okay.i'm right behind you. lex! lex! where'd he go? miss lang,we've got to get in the panic room. lex!shut that door! lana? hello? is anyone... here? what the hell is going on? this is insane. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-ÎÒÊÇÈç´Ë½ÃÇé -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- smallville Season 6 Episode 8 you said it was urgent. it is. a taiwanese cargo ship was foundoff the coast of alaska with its entire crew dead of unknown causes. the details are a bit mumu rky, but the manifest says that its last stop was bellona island. bellona island? they gotot hit by a meteorthe same day i escapedfrom the phantom zone. where's the ship now? it's being towed to seattle. i have to go there. clark,these guys aren't just meteor freaks. they're from galaxies far,far away. and,more importantly,they canan hurt you. you can't go unarmed. i won't.i havethe crystal that r r aya gave me i'll use that against them. hey,lana. whoa,slow down.are you all l right? oh,my god. yeah,of course. what happened? lex just mysteriouslydisappeared. i have to go to seattle. well,clark,i know that lex isn't exactly your pick for man of the year, but you can't just turn your back on him. there's innocent people in danger. chloe,i'll be back as soon as i can. lex's car is garaged. no movementon any financial accounts. airline manifests. all negative. well,he can't just have dropped of the faceof the earth. we have to find him. lana,please... come in. would you excuse usfor a minute? thank you,george. lana,this is just devastating. i've taken a suite for youat the metro seasons hotel.it's for your safety. for my safety or to distance me from the cover-up? a conspiracy? security refusus esto let me see any of the surveillance footage. they tell me!that i'm seeing things. tell me. tell me. what did you see? i don't even know how to begin to explain it,but,um... lex turned into static. and then he disappeared. it was dark.perhaps in the chaos -- i know what i saw. what else "do you remember? anything--anything thatcan give me a clue. the guards mentioned a number,a code--142. you know what that means. no. no,but i will find out. i'm sure you will. and i'd appreciate it if you let me know when anything else comes up. of course.i know how important you are to lex.of course i will. get me dr.chavez ---genome technology. were all the bodies accounted for? it's kind of hard "to tell. you must be the first-year med student i've been waiting for. don't flatline on me now. what gave me away? the queasy stare that afflicts all newbies their first day !on the job. do you mind? how many are there? a whole graveyard's worth. how does a body end up in one of those? they have no skeletons,although i don't know how that's anatomically possible. you mean someonecut their bones out? more like ripped them out. clean fillets,every one of them. i've seen some stuffthat would make most people run for the hills,but this -- this is seriously freaky. all these bodies -- they're from the ship? no,these last t t wo --they were dockworkers. whatever was on that ship !is on drdr y land now. oh,kid,are you puking already? thank godsomeone believes me. you're the first person !that doesn't think i belong in belle reve. lana! a lot stranger thingshave happened in smallville. don't worry.we'll find him. lana,thank god you're all right. so,where exactly was lex when he vaporized? he was somewherein the middle of the room,like around here. oh,no.you can't see me. you said lex backs up all of his security footage on the internal server,right? yeah,i think so. okay,we're gonnaneed a password. you and lex are close.are you password close? no,i guess nono t. lana,the password is your birthday. why don't you try "julian",his brother,or "lillian," his mom. your birthday. ixnay. okay,how about "lana"? no. do you #have anythinelse? no,i don't know. no,i don't know. -damn it! don't worry,we'll just "upload the whole hard drive,and i'll work on it later. chloe,the way he disappeared --what if... what if lex is really gone? forever. don't worry.i'll find my way back to you. you can't think that way,lana. we're gonna get him back. i've had so many doubtsabout this relationship,so many suspicions. but now that he's gone,none of it matters anymore. i just want to see his face again. lanana ... i love you so much. i'll crack thisback atthe daily planet, and either we'll geta week's worth of footage of lex sippingng bourbonand diddling on his computer, or we'll actually hit the jackpot. lana,wait,don't go. how does it feel,lex? to have your whole life ripped from under you? i know you. well,you should. you saw my face through the observation window. you're the 142. i know that lex luthor lost is a juicy headline, but tell me againwhy we're searchingfor the root of all evil. i'm not doing this for lex. after talking to lana,i've got to put my skepticism in check. women are #such a mystery. finding lexis a bigger mystery. where's clark when we need him? what does clark have to do with anything? i that you feel sorry for the guy 'cause he's always flying solo, but honestly,what can that guy dothat i can't? you know,you're probably right. he wouldn't brave the rush-hour crunch just to get yourur favoritevending-machine cuisine, all so that "you can have time to continue the huntfor a man that nobody misses. well,maybe except -- lana! the hunt for lex is on. can i get you anythingfrom the basement buffet? thank you,but i'm okay. so,i dohave somom e good news. i managed to stumbleon the magic password, and it turns out to be nonene other than the birthday of miss lana lang. i was able toaccess the surveillance files,and look what i dug up. there's something there. can you make itany clearer? i'm doing my best,but i don'thave a lot to work with. it's gonna take some time. hello? i knowwhat happened to lex luthor. who is this? if anyone knows we're talking,we're both in danger. what's wrong? ituscuty they want to give me an update. did anyone follow you here? no. please,what happened to lex? i took him,and if you ever want to see him again,you'll keep your mouou th shut and listen to exactlywhat i have to say. whatever you want.just don't hurt him. do y y ou know your boyfriend has a secret lab hidden insidee luthorcorp tower called 33.1 why is it t secret? because they run experimentson the people "who have been infected #by the meteor rocks. when patients are released from belle reve,instead of freedom, they get a one-way ticketto a secret laboratory. how do you know "all this? cause i was one of them... till i broke out last night. why should i believe you? see,that's the point. nobody believes me.i'm a former mental patient. but you ---- you're lex's beloved girlfriend. once you blow the whistle on this place,people will have to listen,right? where's the evidence? you don't have any proof. of course i do. i can take you there. you can see for yourself. and then you'll release lex? hey,this area's off limits. um,i'm withthe coroner's office. better you than me. i heard the bodies are pretty messed up. anyway,our theory is s the perp was hiding out in this container. he somehow busted out of this thing with his bare hands and started his killing spree. it's wild. we thought it was blood,but the guys are s s aying it's human bone marrow. it's fricking disgusting. actually,there are a feww more remains that need removal. the forensic team is over there waiting for you. thanks. who are you? someone who's hungry. you said you were infected by the meteors. whwh at happened to you? i was an electrician. i was working upin the radio tower l l ast year when the metet eors hit. i got thrown off,and somehow i -- you ended up with a a n ability. what is it? i can move throuou ghalternate frequencies. i can shiftinto planes of existence that nobody knows exist. hey,if you thinki'm strange,wait till you see some ofthe other peoplele on this floor. aren't you afraid they're just gonna grab you the minute those doors open? if i have to sacrifice myselfto get the truth out... then so bet it. the fact is,they're not gonna grab you. i don't understand. this is wrong. it was here. 24 hours ago,it was all here -- the holding cells,the labs. take me to lex. what did thaha t bastard do with everyone? i know that you bebe lievethat something was here, but clearly nothing has been here for a long time. i'm telling you,it was here! okay.just relax. we'll figure out where everything was moved to, but first i need you to tell me what you've done with lex. i put him in a placewhere he can't hurt anyone else,but i can hurt him. no! what did you do !with 33.1? i didn't do anything. i think it's pretty obvious i haven't gone anyny where. don't lie to me. it's the truth. the truth? the truth is you kept melocked up in a concrete bunker just when i was about to go back to a normal life. a normal life? you were never gonna be released from belle reve. that was a figment of your fractured mind. i was -- i was trying to help you. where arethe other r patients? if i knew,don't you think i'd tell you? i didn't want tohave to resort to violenen ce,lex. you're not giving me much of a choice here. okay,calm down. maybewhen i bring lana here... we'll see i i f you talk. i knewyou were a gadget junkie, but this stuff lookslike it's from the jurassic era. well,when i heard about mr.frequency jumper, i decided to dust off my pop'sold ham-radio equipment. ham radio? people were communicating "worldwide longng beforethe internet existed. i used to sneak downstairsinto the late-night airwaves. my handle --jimmy the infuriator. why does that "not surprise me? all right,just listen carefully,girls. no,i guess not. right there.did you hear that? how could you not? that's a radio frequency.and after scanning all the footot age, that sound kept coming back. so,i tried blending thenarrow-band frequency modulation with the uhf modulation. okay,just,here,check this out. lex:don't worry.i'll find my way back to you. it's him. lex was in the room.you just couldn't hear him. or see him. -oh,my god. i just want tosee his face again. lala... i love you so much. he heard everything i said. lookok,this may sound absurd, but i think that lex may be trapped in another frequency. okay,kind of like a radio -- the way a.m.and f.m.are different frequencies but they move through the same space. can we communicate "with him? there seems to be some sort of frequency loop in the library, so as long as you'rein that room,i think so. help! help! somebody help! run! go! you stole my food! nini ce try,krypton man. you escapedfrom the phantom zone. m no phantom. i think it mustbe some kind of a glitch or -- i don't knowmuch about this stuff,but i do know -- excuse m that when you hack into a s s ecure operating system, you could pick upsome very nasty viruses. i guess i better take that to heart. miss sullivan,luthorcorp considers any breach of security a very serious matter. and you know that. mr.luthor,i'm trying to find your son. i appreciate that. in fact,i was hoping,being the diligent reporter you are, that youcould provide a clue that would help meto find lex. well,the only clue i haveis a little lab called 33.1, otherwise knownas meteor-freak central. i was alwaysys under the impression -- meteor freaks? you're not in high schoolanymore,miss sullivan. this is the real world. please...grow up. what's devious daddy warbucks doing here? lionel luthor just ransackedall of my research,so now we're back to square one. maybe not square one.more like triangle one. jimmy,what's up? triangulation. i might actually have a way of squeaking lex out of that frequency. lex,i know you're here. hopefully,you can hear me because therer e's somethingthat i -- that i want t to confess. i have been so focused on our problems that i have lost sight of how much you really mean to me. those times i was reluctant to trust you -- the fact is... you're more honest with methan anyone's ever been. i miss you.i miss you so much. i don't knowwhat i'd do without you. i--i love you,lex. i love you,too,lana. please... please don't leave us here. i don't want to have this baby without you. i know i should have told you. stayay away from her! lex,you arere here. i'm sorry to have to put youthrough this. either you tell me where you moved 33.1... or you can say goodbyeto lana lang. whatever lex has donein the past,i'll make him stop.he'll listen to me. you hear that,lex? even the love of your lifewants you to come clean and tell the world what you've done. let her go. "you can see him? where is 33.1? i told you,i don't know! lex! well,then,let's get t started. i didn't know you had it in you. why do you think they call me jimmy the infuriator? lex is a dead man. don't let him get away. he's not going anywhere. where is lex? what's the frequency? lana,what are young? okay,that can't be a good thing. we need that radiofrequency jammer now. xxxxxxxxxxxxxx na. she wanted to say goodbye !in person. xxxxxxxxxxx !whatever frequency !they're in,i have to jam !the exact same one. so,what's the problem?#do it. sure,no problem. only a gazillion to sort through. jimmy,hurry. xxxxxxx lana.wake up. lex... you're okay. why are you here? i had to find you. you shouldn't have done that. #i think i'm getting something. is it true? youdidhear. everything. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx your bloodmust make you strong. i should taste it. why are you doing this? everyone's got to eat. that was you,wasn't it? whatever was on this floor wasn't your typicalcubicle farm. there's enough power pumping in here e to light up metropolis. something tells me #it wasn't justfor the fluorescent lights. well,it's just a matter of time till i getto the bottom of it. you really manned upand got right into this fight. still wish clark was here to help? oh,come on.clark kent can't hold a candle to the infuriaia tor. find anything interesting? yeah,i've got to say,this all just feels a little strange. have you ever considered the possibility thth at maybe bronson was telling the truth? and this wassome secret laboratory? chloe,i don't think lex would have given us clearance if he had something to hide. it seems like a lot of hoopsfor someone bent on revenge to jump throughif 33.1 never even existed. chloe,that guy was delusional. the meteor exposure #made him sicic k.he spent over a year in belle reve. there's a lot more to this story than meets the eye. you don't know the luthors.like i do. you don't know lex.like i do. i'm not gonna take the word of a homicidal man lex.i'm sorry. lana,you can't provethat 33.1 didn't exist. and you can't provethat it did. it says on the door out there that this is my office -- my private office. obviously,that doesn't mean m m uch to you. you interfered with a project you haveve nothing to do with. oh,you must be talking about -- what do you call it?33.1? you should thank me #for coming to the rescue. i'd hate to think of the legal repercussions if that,uh,clinic was discovered not to speak of the dirt "that would stick to our corporate image. you did thisfor selfish reasons. your fascinationwiwi th the meteor-infected started long before mine. but you have gone farther with this scientific experiment than i ever believedwas possible. congratulations. kudos,son.i'm proud of you. your methodsare a tad disappointing. you've still got a lot to learn #when it comes to the fine e art of,uh...secrecy. what did you do !with 33.1 moved it -- #the whole shebang -- to a top-security location. i'm happy to #let you have the coordinatat es. just,uh... one e condition. and what might that be? make me your full partner. i want to know everythingabout this project. it'll give us a chance to spend more quality time together. so,what,your cellphone doesn't "get reception in seattle? i was preoccupied. that's fine,but you were up against an alien from another planet. i was worried. i'm sorry. so,the crystal was a success? no,it wasn't. then did the zoner just decide to pack upand leave the solar system? someone else killed him -- someone who can do things i could only dream of. so,this someone --he's on our r side,right? i'm not t sure. clark,it's me -- your most trusted friend and d secret keeper. how about a few details? believe it or not,there are some things you don't need to know. look,i understandthth at you feel like all these psychopathicspace invaders are your fault, but you can't keep it all inside. you feel the need to carrythe wowo rld on your shoulders,and that's noble. but there are other people out there who o want to help youfight the good f f ight,#and you need tolet them in. because sometimeseven heroes need to be saved. lana,you should be off your feet.here. sit down.can i get you something to drink? lex,i'm pregnant.i'm not an invalid. i'm sorry. i just want tomake things perfect for you. no,i'msorry. i had no rightto keep this a secret. i wanted to tell you.i i just... i wasn't sure. of how i'd react? lana... it's the best news i've ever heard. really? the woman i love is carrying my child -- ourchild. what more could a man want? listen,lex,um... about this 33.1 place... i already told you. it never existed. but if it did... i'd understand why. these people who havebeen infected by the meteors -- they're dangerouou s. they've hurt me,and they've hurt people that i care abouou t. the more we learn about them,the better we can protect ourselves. and there's something else you need to know. smallville Season 6 Episode 8 Sync: YTET-ÎÒÊÇÈç´Ë½ÃÇé -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents