Look,lana, I love bowling gutter balls just as much as the next girl, but I've got to admit -- I expected something a little different for the bachelorette party. I know I could have invited a bunch of girls and gone out in a limo for a night on the town, but this is so much more special. Yeah...eating chili fries and knocking down pins. With my best friend -- like we used to,one last time. Lana,you're getting married. You're not moving to antarctica. I'm also having a baby. And I have a feeling that these girls' nights out are gonna be a lot harder to come by. I wouldn't be so sure. But just in case,let's document the night. - Okay. - All right. - Ready? - Yes. Cute. One last picture of lana lang before she becomes lana luthor. Excuse me. I couldn't help but notice your form was perfect, but your wrist is a little off. You think I could give you a pointer? Who's gonna man the shoe fort? I could care less. My shift's over,anyways. - Here. - All right. Okay,you're gonna point the inside of your elbow straight down that lane. Okay,I'll try, but don't sign me up for the pro-bowling league just yet. Oh,trust me. I've got the magic touch. All right. Oh,my god! I did it! Wow. Nice tip. But it's the last frame. You get to go again. Cool. Remember what I said. Okay. Good job,lana. Why don't you give me your number, and I'll share a few more tips? I'm not sure that my fianc would approve? Ah,yeah.Probably not. Thank you. Come on,Chloe,have more pictures. Why here? Bowling alleys always attract big crowds. Okay,tobias,it's time to take them off. Only for a second. I know it hurts. There's one right there. - Hey! Hey! - Help! -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Smallville Season 06 Episode 15 I can't believe there isn't even a skid mark outside. Maybe there's a clue in here. You're sure this guy was krypto-powered? Clark,there was one pin standing,and then -- boom! --It fell all by itself. Huh -- that would give someone a good reason to kidnap a bowling-alley employee. Did lana see the abduction? No -- speaking of which, with the wedding of the century coming up, are you gonna be renting a tux next weekend or a dvd? Chloe,what possible reason would I have to watch them get married? Maybe because if you showed up, it would send a message that you're actually moving on -- you know,to lana,to lex -- more importantly,to yourself. So,what does this guy look like -- your bowling buddy? Uh,he's asian,about 6 feet tall, with an earring in his left ear. You mean like that guy? Hey!What are you doing? We're closed. What happened to you last night? Ohh,did --did you and me -- did we -- did we hook up? Uh,no,you were thrown in the back of a van by men in black. Damn. I thought i drank a lot last night. You're sure you don't remember getting thrown in the back of that van? I don't remember anything. I figured I just blacked out. It was saturday night. I wasn't driving, so I cracked open a pint. Next thing I know, I'm waking up in bed like any other morning. Is it me,or do I look like a waiter serving high tea? You look like the most handsome groom in the world. Good answer. Questo ?perfetto. Grazie. About last night -- why did chloe go outside in the middle of your bachelorette party? She said she needed some air. In the back alley? Why not go out front like everyone else? Lex,you seem a little obsessed with the details. She's your maid of honor, and she almost got run over. Lana,I wouldn't want anything to happen to her. Neither would I. I'll see you at dinner. Dr. Bethany,did we have an appointment? The boy is growing impatient. He keeps askingwhen the surgery is. Well,tell him corneasdon't grow on trees. He's blind,mr. Luthor,not stupid. I'm afraid if we keep stalling, he'll start talking. You were the one who warned methat a cornea transplant would most likely take awayhis abilities. If he tells anyonewhat we're doing, my career isas good as over. I'm the oneon the line here. Think of your wife,doctor. If we could have trackedthese subjects a year ago, she might neverhave been murdered. Don't pretend you careabout crime,mr. Luthor. I know aboutyour meteor-rock research. I've been victimizedby these people, just like you have. Tell tobias to be patient. Daniel may not bethe only one. Last week a mother called 911, complainingthat her son disappeared in the middle of the night. But when he showed up in bedthe next morning, safe and sound,there was no case. Son's name -- brian osborne, also on the wall of weird -- suspected clairvoyant. So people with meteor powersare being abducted. And then releasedwith a memory wipe that reaches backbefore the abduction. The question iswhat's happening to them on their big night out? I'm guessingnot a pajama party. Considering lex's historywith 33.1, I bet he's behind this. That wouldn't be a shocker. But this isthe only clue I have. That's you and lana havingthe time of your lives. - That's great. - Be patient. See? That's tobias rice. He was blindedin the last meteor shower, and he's pointingdirectly at daniel. Why would a blind guypoint at someone? Come on in,guys. It's niceto hear a familiar voice. Tobias,I'm sorry about what happened to you. Hey,I got off lucky -- my parents,not so much. Can I get you guyssomething to drink? How about an iced tea? Don't make medrink alone. Sure,I'll have a glass.Thanks. Tobias,you were at smallvillelanes last night,weren't you? You sound surprised. You were pointing at someone, someone named -- I hate to break it to you, but in my condition, I'm not doing too muchpointing these days. Hopefully that'll change. I'm on this waiting list for a cornea transplant. Hey,let me help youwith that. No,I can handle it. Tobias,I'm sorry. The glass almost hit the ground. Are you all right,tobias? I'm fine. It's just,when my glasses are off, I get these ragingheadaches from the light. Please just go. Call me crazy, but it wasalmost like he saw something. That's what worries me. Tobias,is that you? Dr. Bethany... I found another one. I'm at the hospital now. We'll deal with this later. Jimmy,okay,you win. You can come over tonight. But I'm warning you --I have a deadline. Yeah,I like you a lot,too. Bye. Hey. Late-nightnuptial emergency? This isn'tabout the wedding. I was just wondering -- did you really go outside for fresh air last night, or was thereanother reason? All right,I admit it. I was worried that he wasanother lana lang stalker. But listen -- I gotmy bridesmaid's dress, and you have amazing taste. Why do I get the feeling that you'reseriously sidestepping any discussionabout that abduction? You think lex had something to do with this,don't you? Let's just say itwouldn't be a huge leap, considering dan the manhas a meteor power. It turns outthat his bowling tips came with an added advantage --telekinesis -- and I thinkthat's why he was abducted. But you and I both know that just because someonehas an ability doesn't make thema bad person. Some of these people might usetheir powers to save people. Okay,I don't knowwho you're talking about, but the meteor freaksthat I've met aren't exactly in line to wina nobel peace prize. These people don't advertisetheir abilities. Whoever did this -- how did theyfigure out who to abduct? There's a kid who wentto smallville high who was blindedin the last meteor shower, and now he has the abilityto identify meteor freaks. What's his name? - Dr. Bethany. - Yes. Can I help you? I'm friends with tobias rice. He called you today. He's a patient of mine. Tobias said,"I found another one." I'm not sure what that meant, but I'm worried about him. Well,I'm glad that tobiashas such caring friends. But anything said betweenmy patients and myself is strictly confidential. What about daniel kim? Is he a patient of yours? I've never heard of him. Ah,dr. Bethany, I have something for youto sign here. ************** ************** I'm so sorry. I don't know what happened. - Where is it? - Where's what? My computer.You took it,didn't you? Chloe? Clark,please tell me you know where chloe is. She's not here? No,I can't find her anywhere, and to tell you the truth, I'm starting to freak outa little bit. She's not answeringher cellphone.****** Wait. Calm down. When wasthe last time you saw her? Uh... it was at --at the planet this morning. She's on a deadline. She'ssupposed to be here working. All right,well, if she's under a deadline, she's probably outresearching her story. On the downtownparking meters? I don't think so. Look,I swear,clark, ifanything happens to her... jimmy,take this computer. See if you can breakinto its files. Chloe's the one withthe mad techno skills. I'm just a guy with a camera and kidnapped... ...Girlfriend. Where is dr. Bethany? Clark?How did you get in here? He's not at the hospital, and he's not answeringhis pages. Where is he? How am I supposed to know? He kidnapped chloe. He took my friend. Now,where is he? Kidnapped?I don't understand. Tobias...don't lie to me. He saidhe was helping people. He's not gonnahelp chloe,tobias. She's a witness. God knowswhat he'll do to her. Look,if he took her, it's notbecause she's a witness. He's trying to lure me in. You? Why would he wantto do that? Why would he take chloe? You -- you guysare such close friends that I thought you knew. Knew what? She's meteor-infected,clark. Boron levels? 225. Copper,cadmium,and chloride all high. The clock is ticking. Let's not waste time. Erythrocyte and leukocytecounts confirmed. Initializing full-bodyspectral scan. Scanning in progress. Vertical asymptoteat "X." Preparingfor dna extraction. Hello,beautiful. How are the two of you doing this morning? We're both doing just fine. Lex,have you ever heardof tobias rice? No. Why? Well,I ran into himin the bowling alley. We went to school together. He lost his visionin the meteor shower, and now he has this ability to sense meteor-infected people. That's intriguing, but why do you thinkI'd know him? Because I know what kinds of things you're interested in, and meteor powersare high on the list. Maybe so, but in this case, I'm afraid I'm in the dark. I've never heardof your friend. I'm sorry. Jimmy,any luck with the computer? I triedevery trick I know, but I'm an amateurin the encryption game. Look,what about the doctor? What did he say? He's nowhere to be found. What if shereally is gone,clark? I've never met anyonelike chloe sullivan, and I never will. And you know what the most pathetic part is? Is that -- is that I was so busy playing it cool that... ...I never got to tell her how I really,truly feel. Well,now's your chance. Chloe. You're back. Jimmy,easy withthe anaconda squeeze. I'm sorry. I-I just can't believe that you're standing here. Why? I live upstairs. Chloe,you were abductedlast night. Oh,my god. You don't remember? The last thing I remember is going to sleep, and then I woke up in my bed. I don't understand. Why did they take me? Because you're a witness. They want to shut you up. No,if that was the case, they wouldn't have released me. Maybe they just wanted to scare you. Look,chloe,I'm just glad that you're back,all right? And we have be thany's laptop, but all the filesare encrypted. Maybe you can pull offa miracle. If you've come here with more of the blind kid's complaints, they're gonna fall on deaf ears. No,this has nothing to do with tobias. I don't know how else to say this, except that sensitive information about our project has been... misplaced. Glasses are misplaced,car keys -- not classified information. Oh,I know. It seems that my laptop was somehow stolen. On it are files that would not only... jeopardize our project, but obliterate my medical career in the process. Sounds like a real blunder,doctor. For your sake, I hope it hasn't  gotten into the wrong hands. For both our sakes. No. I have nothing to do with you or your research. Remember,doctor?That was our agreement. I understand. But it's more than likely that there is some mentionof luthorcorp. Then you give me no choice. What are you implying? I don't tolerate loose ends,doctor. Bring me tobias... unharmed. Tobias. It's lana lang,from smallville high. I haven't talked to this many crows since graduation. Come on in. I know about your ability,tobias. I wouldn't call blindnessan ability. I know that you're identifying people, people who are different, but you have to stop. Whoever's put you up to this is exploiting your powers. I don't know what you're talking about. I have the money. I can put you on a plane. We can get you far away from here. I'm not going anywhere. I'm in line for a cornea transplant. Okay,then you can get the surgery somewhere else, where there aren'tany strings attached. I'll make sure of it. Why would you do that for me? Because you may be putting someone at risk who saves people's liveson practically a daily basis. I can't let that happen. Who told you about me --clark kent? Clark was here? You seem surprised. Did you tell anyone about him? What's to tell? Tobias,it's okay.You can trust me. I know that clark's infected. You must be talking about a different clark kent, because the clark I know is the most normal guy I've ever met. The files are barricaded. *** *** *** no,no,but *** we worry about you*** Nice try,clark. Cough it up. Cough what up? You know the real reason why I was abducted, don't you? I'm some kind of meteor freak,aren't I? We don't know that,chloe. Well,maybe this will helpde mystify things for us. We're in. That's a map of smallville. With a gps overlay. Clark,I think this doctor is tracking meteor freaks. Now the question is why? Maybe he's trying to observe them in their own environment. I just got off the phone with the planet. Daniel kim was killed in a car accident right outside smallville lanes 15 minutes ago. Or someone tried to make it look like a car crash. SMALLVILLE LANES There's a new red dot on a street just outside the bowling alley. That red dot must be daniel kim. SMALLVILLE PARK And a blinking green one just turned red in granville. Chloe,they're killing these people one by one. TALON TWEATER There's a green dot in the talon. What's going on here? Chloe,are you okay? Yeah,I'm fine,jimmy. I need you to goto the smallville lanes and find out everything you can about daniel's death. - I'll call you when I get there. - Okay,thanks. Clark,I need you to x-ray me. - What? - Clark,come on. We're both adults. Now,just do it. Okay. there,underneath your collar bone. What is it? I don't know. Please,clark,I don't want to die. Just get it out of me! We have to get you to a hospital. Clark,there's something inside of me. I don't want to go to the E.R. And wait for the doctors to figure out what it's gonna do to me. How accurate's your heat vision? - Don't even go there. - Is it pinpoint accurate? Chloe,I'm not gonna burn you! Clark,daniel kim is dead, and every single one of those green dots is turning red one by one. I will not be the next red dot! Fine,if you're not gonna do it, then I'll just do it myself. Chloe,wait! Just hold on a second! Do it. All right. Hold on to me. - You can't move. - Okay. All right. - I'm sorry. - Just get it out! It's a gps device.That's all it is. TALON THEATER My green dot's gone red. When we were in high school, I assume the only thing lana lang cared about was lip gloss and pom-poms. You didn't know mevery well. Well,I'm sorry for ever thinking that. Tobias!Where are you going? What's she doing here? He's coming with me. Why would he do that? I have to take him to the medical center. Tobias,the time has finally come. We're prepping you for surgery, just like I promised. Let me get my jacket. Tobias,you can get this surgery somewhere else. It's okay,lana. Tobias! What the heck did you do to my girl,kent? There was a tracking device, and clark had a pocketknife. We improvised. - Improvised? - Jimmy,it barely even stung. RESIDENTIAL LISTING There's only one green dot left, off highway 52. Tobias. Tobias! The powers that be want me to take you to them,but but if I do that,I'm a dead man. So if anyone asks, you just disappeared. Please don't hurt him. Ah. Don't worry. This amount of voltage will stop the heart immediately. He won't feel a thing. And neither will you. But you will. I always thought my father had too many guns in the house, and now I'm glad he did. Tobias,what good is a gun if you can't see? But I can hear, and the next one's going in your heart. - Tobias,go!Go now! - No! - Don't move! - Drop it! Put it down, or I swear to god I'll pull the trigger. I think I'll take my chances. What happened? I'm not sure. But we're safe now. Are you okay? I think so. I'm gonna call the police. Do you have someone who can assist you? I can. - Clark? - Yeah. The deputies told me what happened. Are you okay? I should have known what was going on. I just wanted my sight back so badly I never questioned it. It's okay.It's all over now. A friend of mine's gonna get you your operation. You'll be safe. Lana wanted to do the same thing for me. Lana? Why? She had this crazy notion that you were infectedby the meteors, and she didn't want me to tell anybody else. Really? What did you tell her? The truth. That you're the most normal guy I've ever met. Your ride's here. Thanks,clark,for everything. Thank you. Once again,fate intervenes, and lives aremiraculously saved. Yeah. The paramedics said he died of a heart attack. That's bizarre. What's really bizarreis this. I fired the gun, but the bullet smashed into the cabinet behind me. It must have ricocheted. Off of something pretty powerful. The important thing is that you're okay. Where did tobias go? Star city. Oliver queen has arranged for him to get his cornea transplant. Lana,tobias told me what you were gonna do for me. I'm not sure where you got this idea that I was meteor-infected. I appreciate you looking out for me. It means a lot. You know...even if it were true, even if you were meteor-infected, it wouldn't matter. You'd still be the same clark kent. Miss lang, are you ready to finish your statement? Lana. Thank god you're all right. What were you doing at that kid's house in the first place? I was trying to save him. You should have come to me. I didn't know it was gonna turn out that way. Lex,that doctor -- I saw you meeting with him. Of course you did. I was talking to beth any about luthorcorp's donati onto the new trauma center. So it was just a coincidence that he was here? A sad one. Who would have ever thought that a man whose jobit is to save lives would would do something like this? Lex,if you were involved in this, you'd tell me,wouldn't you? Lana... you're my bride-to-be,the mother of tell me the truth,lex. On the soul of my unborn child,I swear. It's the truth. You look dazed and confused. Are you okay? I can't sleep. I can't work. I can't think about anything else. You've been through a lot. There's a reason they took me, and we both know it's not because I was a witness. Tobias didn't identify you,clark, because you're not a meteor freak. It was me. Chloe,it must have been a mistake. How do you know that? I mean,I've been exposed to more kryptonite than practically anyone else in this town. It's not that much of a stretch to think that I could have been infected somewhere along the way. But you don't have any powers. Do you? No,but that doesn't rule me out. There's a percentage of the wall of weird that were latent for years. They didn't exhibit any of their powers until long after their exposure. Okay. All right,let's say it's true. But who's to say you're ever gonna develop any powers at all? All I know is that every single meteor freak I've ever run into has ended up either deador in belle reve. Face it,clark. I'm a walking time bomb. Then consider me your own personal bomb squad. Regarding our most recent subject... ...keep a close eye on her.