Oliver killed lex luthor. You're not one of us anymore. You're making a big mistake. Maybe i'm selfish. I can't share you with the rest of the world. You may be on some death-wish fast track, but i could really use a little dose of hero about now. You know that you're meant for more than this. This isn't you. "My name is oliver queen, and i am..." we have to get these people out of here now. Oliver's standing on a land mine. How'd you know the pressure plate wasn't real? I didn't. Is there any part of the person i used to know still there? Maybe not. I took a look in the mirror, and you were right. I've been running away from myself for a long time now. But now i know who i really am. Now, that's the face of a guy who's down on his luck. I think my luck's about ready to turn around. I don't remember seeing you earlier. Maybe not. But i've seen you before. Your type. And what type is that exactly? The player who can't find a game to satisfy him. I'll admit i've lost a certain lust for life... but luckily not other things. Then play a game with me. I'm all in. It's not exactly the kind of game i had in mind. You can only choose one. You're not joining me? Trips are more fun when they're for two. This is just for you. I promise, it'll be worth it. Of course, you do have a choice. But... what do you have to lose? Absolutely nothing. What the hell? What the hell is... Smallville - 9x05 - Roulette Synchro : Flolo For Seriessub.com about time you got home. Shelby's great and all, but the conversation. A little one-sided. Shouldn't you be riding a mechanical bull somewhere? It is friday night. Correction. It's movie night. I hope you like sharks. We're gonna start with my favorite one. You have your hands full with all your laundry. Maybe we should make movie night another weekend. It's called "multitasking." You should try it sometime. I hope i have enough detergent. How do you even have anything left to wear? Most guys wouldn't complain if i suddenly found myself shirtless. Poor clark. Here. F.y.i.... that did not just happen. Come on! It is called "smallville" for a reason. What else do you possibly have to do tonight? It'll be fun. Stop! Stop it! You know what we need? Some popcorn. Don't forget the extra butter. Please! See? We're already having fun. Can anyone hear me?! Come on... think. Just think. Come on. Come on. Come on. The last time i trust a woman with a dragon tattoo. You got to be kidding me. It's a hell of a game you're playing, winslow! If the toyman wants to play, you're gonna have to come out here and face me like a man. Winslow schott isn't responsible, mr. Queen.</i> Care to guess again? Enough. This ends now! If that's what you want, just say the safe word and the game will stop.</i> What the hell are you talking about? I didn't get a safe word. Because you didn't ask. If you don't care enough to learn the rules,</i> you can't complain about the game continuing.</i> Who is this?! I'll give you a hint. Tell me, mr. Queen, who did you destroy?</i> "Destroy." I've ruined a lot of lives. I better keep this simple. Here's a yes-or-no question. Have you had your rabies shot? Are you like this at the movie theater, too? These concession runs are really sweet, but you're up and down more often than the cubs' batting lineup. It's all the onscreen suspense. I guess it makes me hungry. What'd i miss? There was this thing about a boat. And then just lots of dum-dum-dum-dum, dah-dum da-da da-da-da-da dum. All right. You show up with every shark movie known to man and 11 loads of laundry when i've seen you take socks to the dry cleaner. Are you okay? I'm fine. Why wouldn't i be fine? I'm totally not fine. Even if it is stupid. But it's not stupid. It's oliver's birthday today, and we always go out for beer pong on our birthdays. But today is about to become yesterday in t-minus... negative minutes. It's over. He totally missed it. How does a guy with nine phone numbers not return a phone call? Probably just celebrating with someone else. Tall, dark, and single. Go figure. Do you know something? You would tell me if you did, right? I'm sure oliver's just fine. But paying him a visit wouldn't hurt. Great idea. Anchors up, captain. Let's go. - It's oliver. I really need your help. - We're sorry,</i> but your call cannot be completed as dialed.</i> - Come on! - You come on, mr. Queen.</i> Did you really think it would be that easy?</i> Who the hell is this? Just the woman i'm looking for. I know exactly how you feel. Don't make a scene. The people who set the game in motion are here. If they realize you're here, they'll kill you. - And why should i trust you? - Trust your instincts. When the chips are down, they're all you have. All in? Wait. I don't even know your name. It's victoria! We don't have time for this! We're gonna make time. Now, you tell me who's behind the game! I work for some nasty guys. They don't exactly have an h.r. Department. It's my job to knock their targets out. If you hadn't taken that pill, they would have killed me. I'm gonna help you out of this, okay? Look at me. In order to do that, i need to know what these people want with me. - You understand? - I wish i knew. People hire them. They never tell me the client's identity or end game. Hell, i guess you're the only one that can answer that question. Who did you hurt so badly that they'd want to see you dead? Pick a name. My personal wars have left a serious casualty list 'cause... i kind of always figured it was easier for me to hurt the people i cared about than to stick around long enough knowing eventually i'd end up disappointing them anyway. They found us! Come on. Listen to me. Look at me. Let me go. This is the only way i'll be free. You listen to me. You got to fight, okay? You got to hang on. Look at me. Hands up! No, wait a minute. You got the wrong guy, okay? - Get up, now! - Listen to me! You got the wrong guy! Pants on, birthday boy. Party train's arrived. I think people would prefer "knock" over "pants on." We've already checked his jet and his apartment. Unless he's under the couch. Looks like his party train already left the station. Without me on board? Doubtful. Why don't you let me take you home? Why would oliver want to relive the night someone tried to hindenburg him? We should respect his privacy. I can't imagine what he was going through just standing there. He looks like he didn't even know the bomb got defused. But then why is he... oh, my god. He didn't know. Oliver tried to kill himself. Come on. And you knew. How could you keep something this serious from me? I was trying to protect him. From who? His friends? Wait. I didn't think he wanted anyone to know. I'm not just anyone. You lied to me. You lied right to my face. You said everything was fine. Nothing about this... is fine. Let me get this straight. You've no i.d., no witnesses, and no alibi. Why should i let a murderer walk free? The people she works for... they came after us, okay? - They shot her. - Gentlemen. This case just officially became fbi jurisdiction. Don't let me keep you. Fbi. I thought you could use those. Thanks. I apologize for the way you've been treated, mr. Queen. You know who i am? And we know about the game. We've been tracking this group for some time. Their m.o. Is to target wealthy individuals and eventually hack their bank accounts. Really? I never thought i'd be happy she didn't want me, just my money. How they seem to get their kicks. They toy with you, keeping you distracted while they wipe you out. I suggest that you check your accounts immediately. Nothing's been touched. It's all here. You're lucky. Need you to fill out some paperwork. Then you can go home. Thank you. They're taking everything! They're draining my accounts! You hear me?! Come on! Come on! Let me out of here! Come on! I found the invitation to roulette. It's only a few blocks away. I could hear you yelling. What is all this? It's game over. I just got taken. Oh, my god. Are you okay? South of there by a few horror movies. Someone's been using oliver as a pawn in their game. - We need to figure out who. - Just tell me where to start. The name of the club is roulette. He met a woman there named victoria. At the risk of taking a belly flop into an awkward pool, what kind of game puts people through hell? The kind that starts with being buried alive and ends with bankruptcy. That was quick. It looks like the two clues are one and the same. Meet victoria sinclair, a.k.a. Roulette. Seems as though she's made a career out of betting for high stakes, i.e., everything you have. Get my gear. When you turned your back on us, i locked up your arsenal, hoping that one day you would want it back but not like this. This is my fight, chloe. I'll handle it how i see fit. Where'd that line lead you last night? I got into this mess on my own. I'll get out the same way. With my lawyers. Okay, scout? He just needs to cool off a little bit, okay? Right now, you have bigger problems. Trust me. Now, my relationship with oliver may have dissolved, but i didn't lose everything in the meltdown. Our computers are still linked, which is how i found this. Oliver was watching this on his laptop. It's a long story about lois and laundry and lacy things. - Lois saw this video? - Not only it, but me on it. On a scale from one to chernobyl, how big was the fallout? Let's just say if there was an antilife equation, i think i found it. Check this out. That's the assassin who attacked lois and i. I buried her before this video was taken. How could she be on it? If we're looking for a kryptonian assassin who's from the future and supposed to be dead in the present, i'm out of answers. Maybe jor-el won't be. When you say "close," are you talking feet or zip codes? Mr. Whatever-your-name-is, you're a gps tracking service. You can probably see me on your satellite, how much farther down pepper spray lane bdo i have to go? Never mind. I found it. Thanks. If you're not lost, then get that way. I don't like smudge marks on my car. Nice try, vice city. Go grand-theft someone else's auto. I've sat in that excuse for a front seat enough to know that this car belongs to oliver queen. If you know oliver, then you know he likes to give gifts. This is one of them, so i suggest you back off. Sorry, but backing off... not exactly my strong suit. Where's oliver? I prefer to make my own luck. I guess your luck hasn't run out. I'm disappointed. You lack the killer instinct after all. Toss the gun. True gamesmen... they don't cheat by stacking the deck. Everything was aces until your girlfriend showed up. As always, i had to play the hand i was dealt. Why don't you just let her go? You didn't play by my rules. Why should i play by yours? You were supposed to shoot her. That's what i don't understand. You could have killed her yourself. You could have shot me when i walked through the door. Why set the scene? One can tie up loose ends with a simple square knot or one can choose the more elegant cloverleaf. It's all a matter of style. I'd say i'm sorry for taking your money, except, in your case, it hardly matters. You can't take it with you. How do i know this isn't just part of your game? Right. Shoot her. She knows i won't, not if there's a chance i'd hit you. Gasoline. I thought i'd torch the place when we're done. Clover knot. I just like playing with fire. Never bet against the house. Help! Help! Help me! Help! Oh, hell. Help me! Look at me. It's all right, okay? I'm gonna get you out of here. Come on. Why did you come? You could have left me here. After everything i put you through, no one would blame you. I'd blame myself. I don't care what you did or who you are, i'm gonna get you the hell out of here, all right? I'm not gonna let you die. Now, come on. What the hell is this? You kept asking me who did this to you. My question was always the answer. "Who did you destroy?" I hear you're some sort of hero. One that tried to bury that part of himself. You've just proven that that hero is still alive. Now it's time to resurrect him. Nice to play. I just started asking myself who knew about lex, about toyman. The things i'd given up, what i tried to do. Then it all occurred to me. Dinah shattered the glass in the warehouse, bart rescued me from the car, victor faked the computers, and watchtower kept an eye on the whole thing. Right? You were living like you had a death wish. You had to face your demons if you were ever gonna make it out alive, and i had to push you over the ledge in order to pull you back. Did you have to push with a 3-ton truck? I didn't think a tricycle would be a strong enough point. You're a fighter. You fought for yourself and for a second chance. I'm not the only one you put at risk. If you're worried about our little club and lex, don't be. I played my cards close to my chest. And lois was what? She was, just another ace up your sleeve? No. I never meant for her to get involved. She was chasing after you when she accidentally ended up storming the field. That's when victoria went off script. I could have killed her. No offense to your manhood, but i made sure that your gun was loaded with blanks just in case. I trust you, just... not that much. Did clark know about this? You can't be serious. Clark would never in a million years risk what needed to be done. He's led a different life than we have, hasn't he? I can't expect him to know me like you do. The places that i had sunk to, the depths you must have had to go to bring me back. Thank you. You proved it to yourself. Even with your face in the gutter, you still had the hero in your heart. You saved my life. Both the myth... and the man. What was that about? I've seen that look before, usually right before you sock me in the jaw. Tempted. But if you're unconscious, you can't answer any questions like who the hell was that dragon lady? She was a psycho ex-girlfriend who watched "fatal attraction" too many times. What am i, the bunny? You really need to take a dip in the sane-chick pool. That dress... that was a bigger red scare than cold war russia. Although, i thought you wore it pretty well. But... you never should have been dragged into this mess i made of my life, and... i'm sorry. Was the mess so bad... that cleaning it up seemed harder than throwing it all away? I saw the video. That's enough to send anyone on a binge. Why didn't you come talk to me? Pride. Fear. And... regret. The truth is, i've fighting my demons for so long i just... wanted this war to end. And you felt... like there was nothing in life worth fighting for? I never felt that way when i was with you. I mean... i just, i think what i mean is i... i lost sight of... what was good in my life. I know things between you and me have changed, right? Some things haven't changed. Ollie, i will always be here for you. And if you forget that again... i will knock you out. Now, i believe there's a certain birthday tradition we have to uphold. Ready to get your ass kicked? I'm ready. I've got to stop giving out keys. I take it jor-el knew something about the alien assassin. He recognized her. It turns out the symbol tattooed on her shoulder is her family crest. Her name's alia. She's kandorian. I thought kandor exploded with the rest of krypton. So did i. But jor-el said if she's here, there may be others. And they'll have each left a kryptonian symbol marking their arrival. We better start looking. We can use watchtower to run a search algorithm that would cross-reference all the satellite images with my kryptonian lexicon. In other news, oliver's back. It seems like more than just a cooling off. What happened? Maybe the scam artist really did a number on him. Or he just needed to get some perspective. Found one. Alia definitely didn't come alone. I heard you were back. You do know, you look absolutely ridiculous in that, right? And i got a great tailor. Hook you up with a little color maybe. Nice to see you finally discovered something worth living for after all. Yeah. More like a rediscovery, actually. You've done a hell of a job keeping the world safe on your own. I'm here to help you now. Good. Something tells me... soon the world will need