Hey, say... If there's something I am is never late I say I'm gonna be somewhere... I'll be there like a flash Nice car, man! What is this, real leather? I got places to be small fry! What do you got for me? I got some great stuff for you Mr Hannison I'm talking top of the line You've been busy Well you know: "idle hands, empty pockets" So whatta you think? - I give you 200$ for the lot It's worth it 10 times that much! - Yeah, I told you i don't handle this nickle dime crap anymore wanna handle real score you come talk to me... until then, you take what I give you Maybe I should just take it all That isn't a threat, is it kid? Ah, geez! Doctor said your doing great - Yeah right before he gave me this new prescription The red ones at least they'll go nicely with my pink, blue and green ones I'm already taking I rather have more colours in the medicine cabinet than not have you around I just didn't wanna have to worry your mother anymore with this stuff, that's all Dad, we both worry about you What you already did because of me... - Wow! Wait a minute, I knew what the risk was, Clark... ANd I'll take it again in a heartbeat if it meant keeping you safe Didn't you and I have a game to catch? Metropolis Sheriffs, 50 yard line... Lex really came through this time Look son, I understand what that friendship means to you, but... please don't forget he had you investigated, be careful Not going into this with my eyes closed He wants another chance to prove he's changed Clark... Dad this is my senior year, I don't want to have to worry about Lex or Jor-El, or any of that I just wanna lead a normal life, hang out with my friends and play football Alright.. why don't you go get the truck We don't wanna miss the kick off Dad! Dad you're ok? Yeah, I think so... Your mother would be visiting me in the hospital again if you hadn't pushed me outta the way Dad it wasn't me I saw someone who can move like I can I couldn't believe it, he saved you Whoever it is, he not only did he save my life, Clark, he also stole my wallet Somebody save me! Let your warm hands break right through Somebody save me! I don't care how you do it Just save... Save... Come on! I've been waiting for you I made this whole world shine for you! Stay! Stay! Come on! Smallville Season 5 Episode 5 " RUN " Hey! Aren't you two supposed to be at the game? Well the tickets to the game were in my wallet - Which was stolen, some kid swiped it outside the medical building Oh my god, your were robbed! Are you alright? Did he have a gun? No, he had a very fast pair of sneakers but... I'm gonna call the credit card company to report it stolen Hey dad, wait! THis kid... he was as fast as I am, I should find out who he is Just let me talk to Chloe, maybe she can track down where he's been using your card Come on dad, if I don't find anything by the end of the day, then make the call Alright, but I want you to be careful Clark, we don't know anything about this kid THat's why I've to find out who he is Are you sure you're ok? - Sweetheart I'm fine... I wish you wouldn't worry about me all the time You were in a comma for 3 months Jonathan, it's hard not to worry when you've been through so much With a lil' help from modern medicine I'm planning to go through a whole lot more Starting with a romantic evening with my beautiful wife Maybe we could have a lil' dinner and then... drive on down to the lake? I'd love that sweetheart, but I... I'm gonna have to work late again tonite... Running the Talon is a lot more involved than I thought it would be but... eh... I'll call you later, ok? > What is that? IT's nothing Looks like a very large tattoo hovering over a very provocative spot When did you get that? - Hum... uh... I got it.. uh... ...Before I came back from Paris Really? Why didn't you tell me? I could've come with you and gotten a mermaid... or an anchor... or a mermaid holding an anchor I didn't plan on getting it alright? it kinda just happened Tattoos don't just kinda happen... There's usually some ink and a fair amount of pain involved What was I supposed to do? Ask you for permission to get it? Wow! Hey! THat's not what I meant... Why are you biting me head right off now? - I'm not - Yes you are Look I just... I don't want you making a big deal outta this I don't care about the tattoo, ok? But what bothers me is the fact that for some weird reason you felt like you had to hide it from me I've seen what keeping secrets has done to my parents... I'm not gonna end up like that Jason the last thing I ever wanna do is hurt you But there are some things that I am... just I'm not confortable sharing with you yet I'm sorry > Dude! You lost? You know, cause I guess you must be because... this is my room Technically it's my dad's since you used his credit cards to pay for it I didn't take anything from anybody You can save the innocent act, I had a friend trace all the charges you trying to stick on him after you stole his wallet And you went through my backpack! Man, that's invasion of privacy... ...messing with my stuff - Your stuff? You stole all this! Yeah? Prove it I saw you save my dad from that truck this morning Man, nobody sees me when I'm doing my thing Maybe you're not the only one who can move like that... Jake Garrick, Barry Allen, Wally West... whatever your name really is... It's Bart Not that it matters cause I'll be a 1000 miles away before you can even blink I don't know... I can blink pretty fast I'm warning you man I'm gonna give my dad his wallet, and then you and I are going to sit down for a long talk Not big of a chit chat,dude Smell you later Dad, I found the kid who stole your wallet but I lost him out at the docks He just took off across the water Uhmm, son... Hi Clark What took you so long? Dude, I didn't think anybody else could move like that except me, because, hey... fastest man alive, right? Yeah! You were right up my butt, man... and You know I've always wondered if there's anyone else out there like me and it turns out... ...to be you! Jimmy Crackcorn, fresh from the farm What Kind of story did you spin to con my dad out of a free meal and a bed on the couch No story Clark, just the truth And what's that? Well.. A couple of years ago... ...there was like this accident... right ...a huge flashlight... and my body went into overdrive And this happened in Smallville? No It's my first time here... and No offense dude... but Hopefully the last I've never met anyone with powers like yours that wasn't from around here Yeah, well... Maybe you should get out more So, how did you get so fast? You had an accident too or... I was kinda born this way... Why are you living on the streets Bart? What happened to your parents? Their son got zapped into a human lightning bolt that's what happened I mean, they made this whole big deal that everything was gonna be ok and that... I don't know man, you should've just seen the way they looked at me... I could tell that... nothing was gonna be the same... So you ran away? I'm... I just didn't fit in Man, I guess you don't have that problem... - Oh, you'd be surprised I ran away once too - Yeah, why did you come back, man? Mow the lawn, milk the cows? Dude, you should be out there with me tearing it up You mean stealing everything in sight? It's not like I really hurt anybody... I mean I usually just swipe a lil' bling from stiff upper crust whenever i need some cash How much would you call "a have-not" Clark? I take from "the haves" Like my dad? Look man, don't even sweat it ok? They don't charge you if your card's stolen Oh, and that makes it alright? Look man, my friends down at suicide slums... they sure changed me... So I had to boost your dad's card in order to get a room I don't like spending the night out in the streets Ok? Stuff happens there... When I'm asleep I'm just as slow as everybody else Don't hit me with the big cow eyes there stretch? Ok? I could always take care of myself... - Yeah you've done a great job so far You know what man? Enough of the poor lil' street urchin right? Let's take a closer look at the mysterious Clark Kent let's see... you like to read about native american mythology.. you've scrolled the name "Lana" on your notebooks And you've one of the most boring hobbies known to man... Rock collecting - I don't collect rocks... Dude you're ok? Put that away I'm alergic Man! I've heard of people sneeze around cats and dogs and stuff but never get all weak in the knees over a rock It's a long story It's one I'm sure I'd love to hear after we get back... Get back from where? Anywhere we want I mean do we have 2 super power studs here? Why else do you think i came all over to Smellyville looking for you man? Let's go crank it up! Go have some fun Did you ever seen Florida? > Dude, man, that girl in the black bikini she was totally checking you out No she wasn't - Look the girl was eyeing you like you were a snow-cone dude... ...you should've gotten her number - I can't just walk up to a girl on the beach and get her phone number Yeah, well, lucky for you... I can She said to call her next time you are in Miami I can't just go running back down to Miami - Why not? Because it's... - It's what? Too much fun Clark? Come on, nobody's ever died from it What are you doing? I'm eating a cookie, dude I'm starving You can't just take whatever you want My mom runs this place Look man, there's a line... I don't do lines What's up Kent? I thought you'd still be in Metropolis playing detective I thought i leave that one up to the authorities They never whould've caught him anyway Chloe this is my friend Bart, he's from.. - The future Really? - Yeah I ran all the way back in time to tell you that we are still in love a 100 years from now Bart... What's your favourite kind of flower Chloe? Uhmmm... tulips How did you do that? - Magic You wanna see some more? Clark! Knock it off! Your dad called... Is that the boy who robbed him? Yeah, his name's Bart Allen - Why's he here? I think he's lonely, wants to be my friend - Good, maybe you can talk some sense into him I'm trying Oh, uh... Lex is looking for you sweetheart... he asked if you'd stop by the mansion, he said it's important Ok, but I probably shouldn't leave Bart alone I really don't think he'll notice you're gone... I purchased this from a private collector in St Petersburg... convincing him to part with it required a few glasses of vodka and a small fortune but it was worth it... That's very nice Take a closer look at the border design Embedded glyphs, similar to the Kowaichi symbols found in the cave No one's spent more time down there than you Any idea what they mean? No But I thought you weren't interested in this stuff anymore Oh, I'm still interested Clark, just not obssessed, Which is why I'm not keeping this from you I'd like it if we could work on this mystery together I'd like that So what is it? It's the last surviving page from a XIV century manuscript It depicts the Grand Prince Donskov's victory over his mortal enemy Mamaia at the battle of Kulikova Legend has it that... this was the only object adorning the walls of Rasputin's chamber while he studied at the Verkhoturye Monastery He believed this page will reveal a path to unimaginable power Rasputin would stare to it for days at a time in the attempt to penetrate its secrets It's incredible... - Don't I had state of the art security installed to protect it I'm keeping it at the mansion for a few days before it goes into the vault at Luthorcorp Sorry Clark I have an appointment... Why don't you swing by tomorrow and... we'll roll up our sleeves... Yeah Dude, you know Lex Luthor? - Whatta you doing here? Well, Chloe shut me down, but you know, her loss... Man this place is awesome! Man have you seen all the cool stuff? - You were just in there? Yeah, I just took a quick spin Don't worry man, he won't even have a clue - You gotta get outta here Clark, who're you talking to? Dad! Hey Clark! Just in time son, your mom's working late again so I thought maybe we'd have guys night You know, catch up on the highlights of the game we missed? I saw something in Lex's dad, it was a page of an old manuscript that had krytonian symbols on it Kryptonian symbols? Were you able to read 'em? It had a message, repeated over and over: " Look deeper" I used my X-ray vision and I saw a map hidden underneath A map? A Map to what? I don't know dad, but I think it has something to do with Jor-El, and what he said to me after he was controlling me - I want you to leave this alone, Clark... - No, dad... - Son! You were just telling me how you'd like to have a normal senior year, right? Well, how does traipsing across the globe on Jor-El's crusade fit in with that? It doesn't, but hanging out with Bart reminded me that I'm not normal, dad Maybe it's time I stopped running from who I really am What you really are is a 17 year old boy Sit down Dad, it doesn't matter how old I am Whatever Jor-El sent to me find I've a feeling it's very powerful and dangerous, especially if it falls into the wrong hands, and I'm the only one who could stop that from happening How? By stealing this manuscript from Lex? No, he's no idea of what he has... All I've to do is to sneak back in there and get a better look at it Clark, it's a bad idea, he could see you - I'll be in and out before he even knows I'm there Dude! Lex's place was sweet! I mean that guy's got like 20 cars! Man, there's no way you get that rich playing it straight Man, I gotta step it up a notch because that's definitively how I wanna live Listen, Bart, there's something I've got to take care of, alright? Can I come? - No, it's personal, but maybe we'll hang out when I get back Oh dude, there's this midnight showing "Speed" at the Min's chinese theatre... best popcorn and Keanu rules in that one... So d'you wanna go? You know it sounds great, but... just don't mention it to my dad, ok? - Ok Clark! Man, it's been really cool hanging out with somebody like me, you know? So I gotya something, just to say thanks for everything It's an mp3 player. That way you can download all your favourite tunes and listen to 'em wherever we go Where did you get this? I got it for you Clark It doesn't matter where I got it - Yes it does Bart You haven't been listening to anything I've said to you. You can't go around stealing whatever you want Why not? - Because there are laws For normal people! And dude, why do you treat your habilities like they're a curse? They're not man! THey're a gift! I'm gonna use' em - I'm not saying you shouldn't Just use'em to help people not hurt them - Whom am I hurting? The store I swiped this from? Cause they're insured - That doesn't make it right Whatever dude, I'm not sticking around for another lecture Whatta you gonna do? Run away again? You're not gonna solve all your problems like that, Bart Look, I'm not running away, Clark I'm running towards something I'm gonna have everything I've ever dreamed of one way or another Bart... - Look, I thought you and I were the same but I was wrong You are nothing like me Bart! Don't Move! Clark? What the hell are doing here? Would you like to explain what happened here? Just came by to say hello Next thing I know all this alarms and lights are going off It's a lil' late for a... ...Social call Clark... - Yeah, I just... I should've called but I just figured you'd be up Are you sure you didn't see anyone else when you came in? No, I didn't see anyone Then you don't know who did this? No, I don't I believe you I know a real friend would never lie to me I better go and let you take care of this I'll let you in on a secret... I'm not that worried... You said this manuscript page was worth a fortune It is And there aren't that many fences in Metropolis that can move such a high-end item If I put a reward at him, sure some fiscally challenged citizen will point me in the right direction D'you think that'll work? Don't worry Clark Our thief is gonna learn that there's nowhere on Earth he can run from Lex Luthor I'd like that too, Jonathan, but I can't Because I still have all this work to do I'll be home as soon as I can that's the best I can do ok, bye You're working late? Oh god, it's like this never stops, I don't know how you managed all this and went to school too, Lana It wasn't easy... but I don't remember staying this late after closing every night Well it's easier to do this here than at home Is everything alright Mrs Kent? Oh, Jonathan thinks the only reason I took this job is to help out our finances I love him... so much... But after everyhing that's happened, all his health problems... The only time I'm not worrying about losing him is when I'm here... ...working But if you're here all the time then... ...you don't see him anyway Isn't that like you lost him already? That summer in Paris's really given you some insight, Lana Thank you for reminding me Reminding you of what? That it's easier to deal with your fears if you can share them with someone you love Sure, however you wanna handle it No problem, it is my pleasure well it's about time - Well I had some things to take care of, maybe when you grow up you'lll understand how men do business Is this grown up enough for you? It's a start Mr Luthor I belive that I've something that belongs to you Is this the dangerous criminal you warned me about? Hey, it's not your problem Come on, let's talk about that finder's fee He's just a kid Let him go No You've no idea what that freak is capable of If I were you I'd be more concerned about the police right now, Hannison What did you do? In about 5 minutes this place will be swarming with Metropolis P.D. Well ok, then I guess we better hurry this up, uh? Tony! Look at the mess you made kid! Let's see if you're faster than the speed of a bullet! You don't wanna be here! You still think what you do never hurts anyone? Lex! Lex? I am sorry Clark This doesn't change anything You don't understand... it'll kill me You're not a murderer! That's not who you are! You don't know who I am! - Yes I do Why did I say you saved my dad? I've seen the good in you Bart, you gotta stop running or in the end you'll just be alone and you don't want that, I know you don't I know because down deep... ...we're the same I wish that was true Clark You've no idea of where Bart could be? - Lex was unconscious... I stayed with him until I heard the police syrens then I went after Bart By then he could've been halfway around the world I think it could be for the best, Clark Dad! - Now look, I know how much you wanted to help him about but... ...you can't force people to change no matter how strong you are He's not a bad kid, dad, he's just different, at least he's willing to accept that Clark, embracing your abilities and flaunting them are 2 entirely different things I know It's just sometimes there's a part of me that wishes I could be more like him I mean... I've spent so much time trying to hide who I really am, I'm starting to feel like 2 separate people Clark, I think you'd be really surprised to find out how many normal people feel exactly the same way Yes, son, everybody has secrets, yours is just... ...it's just bigger than most I better go check on Lex - Alright, you wanna use the truck? No, I uh... Kinda wanna stretch my legs Hey! Thought you'd be at work all day - Well that's one of the benefits of being the boss I promoted Linda to assistant manager so I can take a break and spend some time with a raggedly handsome farmer Well, you 're in luck, there just happens to be one... sweating in your driveway right now - Maybe I should get the hose and a bucket of soap I really missed you - Me too This is amazing When Clark first found this caves... ...I had no idea why was he so obssessed with them I always felt like he was keeping this secrets from me because he was afraid of how I was going to react I don't wanna live like that I don't wanna be afraid all the time You don't have to be, not with me, that's what I've been trying to tell you Ok Remember the church we went to in Paris? Yeah, I had to live early to make arrangements for your birthday... Well after you left I noticed something strange on the tomb of Countess Thoreau There were these symbols edged into the rock, like the ones in this cave How is that possible? I don't know And when I touched them, there was this blinding light and then pain... ...and all I remember is waking up the next morning to you knocking on my door And I had this Ok wait a second... So you're saying... that some strange symbols on the tomb of a dead countess... gave you a tattoo? You know how odd it sounds... Why d'you think I didn't wanna tell you? That's why you left Paris I had to come back to these caves I had to find out why I was missing 12 hours of my life But all I found were more questions It's the same as yours What does the symbol mean? I don't know Jason I don't know what's happening to me - Ok, Ok Whatever it is... ...we'll figure it out together ok? ok Clark! It's good to see you keeping normal hours Just came by to see if you're alright I heard you ran into some trouble in Metropolis.. News travels fast - The curse of a small town So, what happened? I decided to play cowboy and got my spurs handed to me To be honest I don't know why I'm not dead THere must be somebody watching over you In more ways than one How did you get this back? I didn't It was sitting on my desk when I returned from the Hospital Whoever took it must've had a change of heart I guess he did Look, we'll have plenty of time to study this later... Right now, I'm still nursing a bit of a headache - I'm just glad you're feeling better Clark I thought you'd like to know I had the manuscript page examined by a team of experts as soon as it turned out Do you know what they discovered? That I payed too much for it Thanks for checking in on me Dude, your drawing sucks I'm sick of the hero thing You mean like returning a priceless artifact to its owner? Kinda all that money would've just slowed me down anyway To a dead stop if I hadn't found you Yeah, how did you do that? Whatta you? Fast? Strong? And psychic? I wish I spent a whole night down at suicide slums trying to convince someone that I had a 1000 of these to fence A few guys pointed me in the direction of Hannison Look at you, channelling your inner criminal So, uh... whatta you gonna do now? I don't know. It's a big world We gotta to check it out See if there's anyone else out there like us Maybe start like a club or league or something You know you could come with me... ...or you could stay... You've a great life, Clark, but... It's not mine I've no reason to stay in Smallville You've me Thanks for being my friend Are you sure there's nothing I can do to change your mind? Tell you what... If... you can catch me I'll think about it Thanks to Doranwen Transcription by Lacenaire Synchronization by Lacenaire Lacenaire ***LuMonCa*** "Láthe Biósas" Subtitles checked and synchronized by Little Miss