Let's go! Let's go! Drink. Oh! Now, do you believe me? This isn't suzy sorority you're playing with. I've drunk vodka with russian generals, black and tans with british battalion troops... stop talking. Start drinking. What are you doing, man? I'm drinking. We've got physicals coming up. Ask me if I give a rat's ass. Stop stalling, and let's go. Drink up, or pay up. All right, let's get everybody out of here, all right? I got to wake up brutally early tomorrow. The recruit's coming. Dude, you've had enough. I'm not even tipsy. Come on, let's get you into bed. Deep breaths... fresh air. The world is not spinning. Hey, wait up. Shouldn't you be in pink elephant land right about now? I got another game for you. Only this time, we both win. Come on, give me some. I've got a game for you, football. It's called hide-and-go seek. You go hide, and I'll count to a billion. Ready, set, go. Aw, come on! Don't be like that! You got a girlfriend, bonehead. Go bug her. Come on! Now, don't you think hide-and-seek would've been a little more fun? That hurt. Night-night, party boy. Go away. Please, god... Whoever is pounding on a dorm room door at 7:00 in the morning... lois lane? Do you mind not talking so loud? There's been a report that you had an altercation last night with dave cooper. If "altercation" is defined as "jock attacks, and I knock the wind out of him," yeah, I confess. The boy is paralyzed. You're under arrest. Smallville - Saison 4 Episode 13 "Recruit" Traduction par Michael_Vaughn, Windcharger Synchro par Kiff Merci à Malone I realize I already gave you my blessing on this, clark, and I don't want to lie to you. This whole thing makes me feel uneasy. Dad, we've been watching met U. Football games since I can remember. Now they're knocking on my door. I know that, and I'm proud of you for it. Then why can't I have a shot at what every other high school kid dreams of? Because you're not like every other high school kid, clark. On that field I am. I'm not even using my abilities... and I can be the new starting quarterback for the metropolis bulldogs. There's gonna be millions of eyes on you. You're gonna be under a magnifying glass. I have pulled it off before. Clark, met U. Is not like smallville high. It's a much bigger stage. There's gonna be much bigger problems. You always told me not to walk away from something just because it's a challenge. Dad, I can do this. I know that you can handle it. I also know you'll behave yourself this weekend... stay clear of the beer kegs. Don't worry. Alcohol can't affect me, remember? That's not the point. You're still underage. Look, son, I just don't want you to get booted out before you get in. - All right? - Okay. Now, there's one more thing. It's very important. This is a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Have a great time. Clark kent... future met U. Hall of famer? Hey. What's the teflon tailback doing back in town? Hey, mr. Kent. Coach calloway wanted to surprise clark, send a local boy to pick him up. Well, it definitely worked. I would've never expected to see the bulldogs' all-time leading rusher in my barn. Hey, I'm no different than you, clark. I'm just... a farm boy who happens to be a decent football player. "Decent football player". You're on your way to the nfl, and you're quite the legend at smallville high. Yeah, well,your boy broke my record for single season T.D.S. Yeah... You got what it takes, clark. You really think so? I know so. You got a heckuva ride a head of you, but the thing that's gonna keep you level-headed is remembering where you come from... like smallville high. You wanna go say hi to coach quigley? Sure. He was no prince charming, but nobody deserves to have that happen to them. He can't even speak. I feel terrible. Lois, it doesn't take an M.D. to know that a kick to the gut is not gonna cause head-to-toe paralysis. I hope the judge agrees. Otherwise, I'm gonna be the star of my very own woman in prison movie. How did you post bail? Four very good friends of mine... visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. Chloe, I didn't know where else to go. And lucky for you,I'm on my way to met U. For my financial aid pitch. Why don't we just, um,round-trip together, and we'll figure this thing out? Lois, I heard what happened. I see news travels fast. The guy you put in the hospital is geoff's roommate. Clark, I swear to god, all I did was knock the wind out of him. I couldn't have paralyzed him. You were drinking, right? Those days are over. No more alcohol. And that includes cough syrup and rum cakes. Aspirin, anyone? "Torch" desk drawer on the left-hand side. Listen, chloe, I know that we were supposed to drive to met U. Today, but since geoff is here, I understand. Star quarterback... you don't wanna ride with the common folk. You know it's not like that It's fine, clark. Hey, uh, clark, I'm actually kind of surprised that you took the football route. Why? Well... I don't know, it just seems like you have kind of an unfair advantage. What do you mean? Well, you have all of these truly amazing talents, um, you know,on the field... well, you know, that's the way it is in sports. Some people are betterthan others. Right. I guess I just don't understand as much as I thought I did. About football. Chloe... let's go, C.K. The festivities are about to begin. I take it you've contemplated my job offer. It wasn't a hard decision to make. I forgot to mention, a company car is included as well as a generous expense account. I'm not gonna work for somebody whose mission it is is to break me and my girlfriend up. Jason... my only concern is lana's welfare. But you're not the threat I'm worried about. It's your mother. Did you ever find it strange that every summer as a child she took you on treks to the far reaches of the globe? Destinations where there wasn't even running water. My mother likes to travel. She always has. Those weren't vacations, Jason. They were research trips... investigating a woman who was burned at the stake 400 years ago. Margaret isabelle theroux? The countess whose spirit possessed your girlfriend. And the fact that it happened soon after you and your mother came into lana's life, well... that bothers me. That bothers me a lot. I had nothing to do with that. I would never put lana in jeopardy. And I believe you, or I wouldn't offer you this job. What exactly is it that you want me to do? I have deep pockets,jason. Vast resources. But the one thing I don't have is access. Two women in your life are somehow intimately connected to margaret isabelle theroux. I want you to find out everything they know. So, what, you want me to spy on them? How you get the information is up to you. Now I need an answer. Coop. Can you hear me? It's lois, your, um, drinking buddy. I am so sorry this happened to you, but I swear to god, I didn't do it. Last night, I would've given anything to shut him up. And now... come on, lois. We gotta get outta here before someone sees you. Maybe someone close to coop knows something we don'T. Lois, I... I don't think that grandma betty from topeka is gonna have the answer. But his girlfriend monique might. How do you know it's his girlfriend? When the card ends with "I'll love you forever and ever," it's a bit of a giveaway. The girls of Alpha Alpha Alpha Hope you get well soon! This truck looks likeit can do everything but take off and fly. Hey, check it out. You hit this button... the operator's there to help you out with whatever you need... atm locations, movie times, you name it. That's pretty cool. Yeah, I hear next year's model is even sweeter. Unless you want something sportier. What, you're saying I get a truck like this if I come here to play? Let's just say certain alumni are nice enough to loan their athletes rides. Clark, college football is big business. I mean, you get a lot, but they expect a lot in return. You have to be better than good. You have to be a hero out there. Yeah, I thought you might want to see where you're gonna be spending your saturdays. Clark kent, quarterback he's a bulldog, that's a fact Clark kent, quarterback... Ladies and gentlemen, playing quarterback for your metropolis bulldogs, from smallville, kansas... number 8, clark kent! It's pretty cool, huh? That's an understatement. Get used to it, buddy. It's just the beginning. The golden arm of kansas has arrived. It's a pleasure to meet you, son. Coach, it's a pleasure to meet you. I know a lot of other schools are coming at you, clark. But you go with met U., And you're gonna win a national championship. Sounds good to me. Try this on for size. Coach, thanks. I know you're gonna make the right decision, son. Clark, gary bergen... metro motors. On behalf of the bulldog booster club, welcome to met U. If there is anything that you need, you know where to call. Everybody wants a winning team, clark... it's guys like me and you that make it happen. Waw, this is amazing. Dude, you haven't seen nothing yet. Hi, clark! The tri alphas are big football fans. Yeah? So, we did a little detective work and found out that your favorite flavor was chocolate. So we made you cake. Why, you didn't have to go through all that trouble. Anything we can do to help you commit to met U., Clark. How about a tour of the house? Go ahead, C.K. Take your time. I'll see you back at the dorm. So you two roommates? Um... no. My roommate's on her way to visit coop at the hospital. He's her boyfriend. Clark? From what we hear... not only do you have an incredible arm, you've got great hands. Really? Somebody said that to you about me? Clark... um, you've got a great view out this window. Yeah, if you like brick walls. Let me show you an even better view. I meant the ivy. What was that? Let me go check it out. Uh... some sweaters fell down... in there. Um, could I... could I get something to drink? Um... yeah. Sure. And maybe something to eat? Lois, what are you doing here? I could ask you the same question, but it seems fairly obvious... hef. What, you just break into people's places now? Coop's girlfriend wasn't here,so I thought I'd take a look around. A real page-turner. "I gained two pounds. From now on, it's no carbs. " She's no hemingway, but still... I don't have timefor this. Here it is. "Coop is meeting witha newspaper reporter and being super-secretive. "It has something to do with the football team, but I don't know what it is. " Go, go, go, go, go, go! Hey, Clark... would you like a piece of this? Hi. Hey, buddy. Feeling better? I see it's starting to wear off. Eventually, you're gonna be able to talk. And when you do, you're gonna tell the world about me... like you were gonna do before I stopped you. I'm sorry, coop. I thought I told you to wait outside. I don't do well with waiting, especially when I'm awaiting trial. I want to hear what geoff knows. Speaking of geoff... hey. You've, uh, met my friend lois. Coach just called. Coop's dead, clark. Oh, my god. When? An hour ago. His vitals were getting better, and then the doctor said he just stopped breathing. Look, geoff, we know coop was going to the newspaper about something involving the football team. Lois, I don't think this is the best time... and when would be the best time, clark... when I'm on the chain gang? I'm sorry. She's under a lot of stress lately. No. Stress is when you're stuck in traffic, or you have a midterm for a class you've never been to. I'm out on bail, and looking to be locked up for manslaughter. Clark, can I talk to you for a second? Look... I'm sorry about coop. I really am. But if you have something to say about me, say it to my face, because I have this little pet peeve about people talking behind my back. Lois... please. I'll catch up with you later. I can't tell you how to pick your friends, clark, but that chick seems like trouble. I'm starting to figure that out. Yeah, it's probably best if you tell her not to come around here. She's done enough damage already. I can't believe that you would even consider working for him. - It's not that black and white. - I think it is. Investigating the countess theroux? It's all a ruse. Lana, the more lex uses me, the more I get to use him and find out what he really knows. But that's just more secrets and more lies, and at some point, it's all gonna blow up in our faces. Well, unfortunately,when dealing with people like lex and my mother, honesty isn't necessarily the way to go. It doesn't matter. I am done lying. I can't go along with this. We've hit a brick wall. Our research with the countess is going nowhere. This might be our way of breaking through. Or their way of breaking us up. I'm not gonna let that happen. Trust me. How can I trust someone who's willing to lie for a living? As far as I'm concerned, if you think that lex knows something, then there's only one way to find out. Who the hell do you think you are? Is something bothering you, lana? If you wanna know something about me, lex? Ask. Don't go recruiting my boyfriend... to conduct some covert investigation. Contrary to what you may think, I'm on your side. And how would I know that? With you, everything seems like it's a secret. What you may perceive as secrecy, I see as precautions. I'm a big girl, lex. I don't need precautions. I need the truth. Sometimes, we think we want the truth until we actually get it. Lana, if you want me to be honest with you, I will, but you're not gonna like it. If you're gonna feed me some story about jason, I'm not interested. Look, I understand he means a lot to you, but when you're ready to talk, let me know. You can let yourself out. Coop was more than just a great football player. He was a great guy. He cared a lot about what was right and what was wrong. Well... to coop. - To Coop! - To Coop! Well, he would've wanted a party, so... let's give him a party. You're not drinking? What's the matter? You never had a beer before? Sure I have. Yeah, right. I know where you're coming from, C.K. But all that's gonna change. Don't you think you should slow down a little bit? Kent, you're from the same town as me, so... I'm gonna be straight with you. Being a bulldog is a dream come true, but you're in the pressure cooker now. All they want is a winner. It takes a toll on you. Um... Sit tight. Be right back, okay? I told you before, Marcus we meet in private. - What the hell are you doing here? - I'm bringing the urine sample by. Oh, that's a great idea, bring it to my buddy's wake. Well, you said you were gonna pay me today. I told you, never come to me. I come to you. - We'll meet tomorrow. - You said you'd pay me today, man. I need my money. Just... just get out of here. What just happened to me? I don't know, man. You fell over or something. I don't know. Don't worry about it. Drink up, kent. To coop. Chloe, if you're trying to milk any money out of this university, you may not want to be seen within 100 feet of me. Lois, you're innocent, and this autopsy is more than likely going to prove that. Your father's birth city? What, are you applying for financial aid or to the C.I.A.? I know. Hey, clark. Is something wrong? I think geoff johns paralyzed coop. What? He's passing his physicals by using another student's urine samples. Black market pee? What's he trying to cover up... drugs? I don't think so. I think it's something else. I just saw him touch this kid, and he put him straight to the ground like he hit him with a stun gun. And the linebackers... they always say when they get stiff-armed by geoff jones, they don't know what hit them. They go down to the turf every time. I think he has a meteor power. Using your powers on the field to cheat... it's pathetic, but it's not paralyzing someone. What if he can control the intensity when he stuns people? If that's true, you're gonna have to find a way to prove it, because... nobody outside the smallville city limits is going to believe the bulldog superstar has superhuman powers. The pee peddler may know the truth about geoff. - Can you track him down? - Yeah. I'm gonna go to the football dorm. I'm gonna try to find geoff before he can hurt someone else. Time to see what mr. Peebody knows. I'm gonna go door-to-door in the dorm and see if I can get any insight into the real geoff johns. Excuse me. Do you know where a person can get some clean number one around here? I don't know what you're talking about. Don't play dumb with me, pee-wee. Either you tell me everything you know about geoff johns, or... you wanna know about me? Ask away... Get lost Marcus. Um, I'm just curious, do you think you're gonna be drafted to the sharks? 'Cause I'm a huge fan. So why are you talking to marcus? What do you really want to know? Nothing, I swear. Just what I asked you. I guess I'm gonna have to wait and see like everyone else. Bye. Look, I never wanted to use my powers. In high school, I played ball fair and square, but now, there's just... too much pressure to win. Lois! I need your pass to get in the dorm! Lois? Lois! Lois. Clark, clark, I think geoff has lois. - Where? - I don't know, but... we were in the parking lot, and the next thing I knew, geoff johns' car is flying by, and lois is gone. I tried to talk to the campus police, but they weren't any help. To them, geoff is like a hero. They worship the ground he walks on. Lois could be anywhere by now, clark. No, if they're in his car, there might be a way to track them down. I hate to break it to you, but this is a little bit bigger city than smallville. He got his car from a booster at metropolis motors. It's got a trip star system in it. If we can get the P.I.N. Number, we can useyour cell phone and computer to maybe hack in and find out where they are. Okay, but then how are we gonna get the P.I.N.? They keep those things under lock and key at the dealership. What are you gonna do... break in and rip open the safe? Of course not. Don't worry. It'll be quick. I'm so sorry. I... I never meant to hurt anyone. But I don't have a choice. - Are we in yet? - Yeah, all we gotta do is dial up, use the code, and do our best impression of geoff johns. You know, that was, um, a pretty quick errand, clark. I mean, metro motors is all the way on the other side of the city. I hurried. Hello, mr. Johns. How can I help you? Hello. Hi, um... I'm driving in metropolis, and I seem to have made a wrong turn. There's no... street signs, and my map screen is broken. Could you tell me where I am? No problem, sir. One moment. - You're at 3rd and grand. Have a ni... - Thank you. great, all right, let's go, I'll drive. Clark? Why isn't it working? Tell me where she is! It was never supposed to be like this, clark. Where is she?! I never even used my powers in high school, but when I came to college, I had to win so bad, I started. I couldn't stop. Geoff, listen to me. You have to tell me where she is. You don't want to murder another person. Coop was gonna tell the world that teflon tailback was some kind of freak cheating his way into the record books. I couldn't let him do that. Tell me where she is. Please... She's down there. Lois! Lois! Lois? Lois! Lois, can you hear me? Clark... Okay, we're going to be okay. Is lois going to be okay? Luckily, the paralysis wears off. She's already been released from the hospital. Who would've thought? Geoff johns seemed like such a nice kid. Yeah, if I take this football scholarship, I'm going to be in the same situation as geoff. I'm gonna have to lie on every physical... rig every test. I'm gonna have to do anything I can to protect my secret. I want to believe that I can go out there and play football like any normal college kid, but the fact is, I have powers that no other athlete has. Coop was right. It's not fair that geoff was out there on that field, just like it's not fair when I'm out there competing. So I've decided to give up football. Clark... I know how difficult it is to give up something you love. But this decision you've made, son, shows... integrity well beyond your years. Then why don't I feel good about it? Look at me, clark. If you have your heart set on going to met U. Or any other school, somehow, someway, your mother and I will make sure that you get to go. Is that understood? Yeah. Good. This photograph of jason and his mother was taken in paris... a day before he met you. No, that can't be. His mom was in the hamptons. Look, lana, I'm not gonna be so presumptuous as to judge jason's integrity, but I'll lay out a few facts. Genevieve teague has been researching the countess since before jason was born. He grew up in a housefull of ancient artifacts and reams of research material about margaret isabelle theroux. He never told me that. Contrary to what you may think, jason's been aware of the countess since he was a child. No. No, I don't believe that. You have to ask yourself, lana, how well do you really know jason teague? Knock knock! You should think about putting up a door or something. I don't know, maybe it's a city thing, but where I come from, we like to have a little privacy. Lois, who would've thought that I'd be relieved to hear your voice? Look, clark, I don't know how you did it, but if it weren'tfor you, I'd be at the bottom of the mississippi right about now. Thanks. I'm just glad you're okay and going back to school. That's not entirely true. I kind of got punted out of the university. I thought you were cleared of all charges. Oh, I was, but... see, the thing is,I am still busted for the booze,and, well... that wasn't the first time I've been invited to the disciplinary board's kangaroo court. Why am I not surprised? You heading back to the barracks? Not an option. My dad's trying out the tough love approach with an emphasis on "tough. " So are you gonna go stay with chloe? They've got a tiny one-bedroom apartment. I can't do that to them. It's fine, really. I'm just gonna check into a motel, and when the money runs out,I can always sleep in my car. The back seat's not too bad if you bend your knees and avoid the drive train and Lois... you know, if I haveto sell my car for food, that's okay, too. I've always dreamed of being a hobo, riding the rails, cooking beans over roadside fires... if you want, I guess you could stay with us. You're a lifesaver. God. Am I in need of a hot shower. Don't worry, smallville. I'll try to keep it under a half-hour. What just happened? Hey! Looks like you've got a carpool buddy for weekenders back to smallville. You got into met U.? The financial guy said that it's pretty much a lock. Can you believe it? Now I don't actually have to rob banks. Oh, chloe, congratulations. You deserve it. Thank you. You just have to promise me one thing... that once you're everybody's all-american, you will still remember your old high school buddy. I mean, you'll still say hi to me on campus and stuff. Yeah, um, well, I'm not going to met U. What? What happened? Did another school sweep down and give you the keys to the kingdom? I'm not playing football anymore. I turned down my scholarship. Let me get this straight. You were offered a full ride with chrome wheels to play the game that you love, and you said, "thanks, but no thanks?" I don't know, I'm just not sure that football's my calling. I'm proud of you, clark. You're proud of me? Why? I just have a feeling that you're destined to do a lot more in this world than just score touchdowns. Chloe, you've been saying a lot of weird things to me lately. What makes you think I'm destined to do anything? Just a hunch. Subtitles checked and synchronized by Little Miss