I just intercepted the file. Yeah of course I deleted any trace of it. This isn't the first time I've de something like this. I'll see you in a few. Help! Somebody's after me! The roof! Come on! Isn't this when you're supposed to swoop in and save me?! No pepper spray? This city's a dangerous place. You should be prepared. You can have my wallet. You know that's not what I'm after. Next time maybe you'll think twice before you steal what doesn't belong to you. Finder’s keepers. I like the look. Italian? Why? You're thinking of trading in your tights? We were barely introduced. "Somebody save me" "Let your warm hands break right through me" "Somebody save me" "I don't care how you do it" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" "I've been waiting for you" "I've made this whole world shine for you" "Just save me, save me" "Come on" SMALLVILLE 7x11 "SIREN" Subtitles subXpacio Good morning. Hi. - Sorry. - That's okay. Well, I'm off. Okay. Wait! Hold the doors! Dinah Lance - the word of justice, thee right-wing hawk of the airwaves... you're all dressed up. Heading to an execution? If you ever did any fact-checking, Lois, you'd know that the state outlawed those years ago. I'm sure you'll get over it someday. Well, if you're so in the know, then I suppose you know... that your limousine-liberal Casanova has resurfaced. Minus a certain shrill arm trophy. BILLIONAIRE BOY BACK IN TOWN BLONDE WOMAN Looking for a new hairdo? Let me guess. Ham and Swiss? - Your favorite. - No, actually, not at all, which I think I've mentioned three times this week, but thanks anyway. I just can't hang around that house amore, Chloe. Knowing that phantom was living my life with Lana for over a month... while I was trapped in the fortress. I know we looked alike, but she really couldn't tell the difference? And then she tells him that they belong together. Does that mean she doesn't feel that way about me? Well, she isn't exactly the same girl... you used to trip all over in high school, either. I don't want to talk about this anymore. Right. I'm sorry I brought it up. Any luck locating the brain interactive construct? Not since you asked me yesterday. What happened to your face? First of all, did you seriously not notice this until just now? Don't worry, Clark. I'm fine. Chloe. All right, I've sort of been doing this sidekick side job for Oliver. What? Look, Clark, a girl has got to pay her bills. and, I mean, let's face it, you kind of fill my pro-bono qua. His missions are dangerous. And the fact he's taking you with him - No, no, no, it was just internet interception... that ended up having a vicious ninja lady attached to it... who chased me onto the roof and then almost beheaded me... and went rappelling over the side of the building, which I've got to admit... was really smokin' cool. Who was she? You put Chloe in danger! So, I take it we're skipping over the whole... "hello good to see you again," part of the conversation? If you and your crew want to go out there and put your own lives on the line, that's fine. Go ahead! But not Chloe! Smart doesn't help when someone's trying to attack you on a rooftop! First of all, I don't think our leather-fetish mystery woman was trying to kill Chloe. She shouldn't have been in danger at all. Secondly, Chloe's in danger like every other week with you by her side, Clark. You're the one who goes into things without giving it a second thought. Why don't you try to think about someone other than yourself for once? I'm selfish? You know, some of us sacrifice being with the people that we really care about... so that we can go make a difference. What do you do? you sit around in domestic bliss, curled up on a couch... while a world of trouble spins outside your door! This blond woman - Chloe said she shattered your arrows. Not my proudest moment, but, yeah. She must have so kind of sound-frequency control. All the noise went muffled right before it happened. And the files she stole - Chloe said she didn't know what it was. I didn't tell her what it was. We've intercepted Lex's latest project. It's a photo file. And this masked woman just happened to show up? Maybe Lex has a blond sidekick of his own. I usually mind when someone sits in the chair, but... I'm a little distracted to care at the moment. I don't take to the morally murky. Unless they pay you. You know my standards. No matter how rich you are, you don't deserve to be robbed. And you, richie, are a lucky man. If you stopped whoever's been hacking into my trade secrets, I consider myself very lucky. Your file almost fell into the wrong hands. I had little run-in with an emerald archer. Green Arrow? I wasn't expecting company. You think you can find him again? If I had a good reason. They've been breaking in and setting off bombs at my work sites. They belong in prison. You bring me Green Arrow, and I will make it worth your while. I'd like this back as soon as possible. Thanks. I, um - I've been calling the farm, but no one answers. It's as if the place had been abandoned. Or we have caller I. D. The, um, editor of the Daily Planet, Grant Gabriel - he's been shot and killed. Let me guess. You think Lex is behind it. I do, yes. I think it's why he bought the paper. It's the beauty of a divorce, Lionel. Covering up Lex's baggage is no longer my problem. I don't want to cover it up, Lana. I want proof. I know you can get it for me. Lex d I have kind of suspended tea time together. I know you have hours of footage - spy footage on him - and I'm sure I can find something that will incriminate him. What leads you to believe that I would help you? Several weeks ago, you held a very sick woman hostage. I was trying to help her. And how did that work out for you, bypassing the hospital? Oh, oh, yes. that's right. She died in your care. You were very quick to share all this with Clark's doppelganger, but... why didn't you tell Clark? Call me when you're ready for movie night. OLIVER QUEEN I was hoping you could help me. This vigilante woman attacked Chloe. I thought maybe you'd know if she was connected to Lex. It's kind of interesting that everyone was so quick to turn me into Lady Macbeth... when they found out I was watching Lex. And yet you're the second person to ask for my help today. The second person? She's not in any of the old footage. I would have remembered the mask. Thanks. I appreciate it. Clark... when you were gone, I was treating this woman. She was catatonic after Brainiac infected her. What do you mean, "treating"? Monitoring her. She - Until she passed away. She passed away? There wasn't anything else we could do. Her mind was already gone. We were just looking for clues. Who's "we"? You told the phantom this? Lana, why do you bother telling me now? Lionel's holding it over my head. I can't do this, Lana. You're only honest with me when you're threatened. - In a few weeks with him - - I don't know what else to say to you. I thought that he was you. You're supposed to know me better than anyone. And that's why you're here with me right now. But it was easier with him, wasn't it? Yes. It was easier, Clark. He was more affectionate. He was more understanding. Is that really what you want to hear? I can't even look at you without you taking it the wrong way. Because you're looking at me like you wished I was someone else. Every transgression that I have made, you have answered with a hypocritical judgment. No one can live up to your self-righteous standards. Do you have any idea how it feels to wake up every morning, knowing that you're going fail in the eyes of the only person you've ever really loved? And you're the one who fell in love with Lex... And then fell for that killer. I don't think it's me you can't face. I told him to give me call. Lois. This is gonna be harder than I thought. - That's for breaking my heart. - Really? 'cause it felt like it was for not calling when I got back into town. Oh, that one will come when you least expect it. Would you put a shirt on or something? Well, at least I know why I got canned from your speed dial. The whole, uh, jumping-to-conclusions thing before getting the full story - how's that working out for you? Huge time-saver. The dinner's for you. I knew you'd be on my doorstep. and if you weren't, I'd have been on yours. I missed you. more than you could possibly know. If you think the glistening-muscle- answering-the-door- in-your-bare-chest routine was gonna work... you were dead-on. You're all I could think about. Nice try. Does that work on all the fishnet-leather-clad blondes... you have stashed on the balcony? Get down! Ollie? Ollie? Oh, my god. Lois? Oh, don't even think of looking at me right now. So, in all those nights together, somewhere between brushing teeth and spooning in the sheets, you didn't think that it might be a good time to mention that you prowled the streets... with green leather and a compound bow? Well, I don't usually bring the compound bow. Oh, so, now he's a funny hero. I can't believe you didn't tell me you were Green Arrow! Hard to imagine why when you're taking it so well. You think the lacerating ropes and platinum fembot... might have something to do with my lack of empathy? So, what? Little Ollie got bored with dodge ball in p. e... and decided to play William Tell? Whoa. Wait a second. I kissed Green Arrow last year when you were standing there with me in the alley. Yeah, I remember that with precise detail. I can't believe you! You, who were supposedly my boyfriend, arranged for me... to be lip-locked with some wannabe hero! - Lois?! - Ugh. How do you put up with that? I don't know what it is you want from me, but I'm hoping we just got off on the wrong foot. You can save your charm for your squawking parrot over there. Whatever someone's paying you, I can beat it. You know, this is more than just about money, pretty boy. This is about something that you and your merry band of thieves might not understand - justice. Lady Justice must be blinder than I thought she was, if she's got you on her side. Just tell me this- what goes through the mind of a terrorist... when he's about to set off a bomb in a factory? A Terrorist? You really have it backwards. no one's ever been hurt, and Lex's factories aren't exactly producing Christmas toys for little girls and boys. I'm the good guy! Isn't everybody? When I say I'm gonna do something, I always deliver. Now it's your turn. You want your boy over here? Start the wire transfer. In case you can't see it, the white flag is flying, so don't even think about going off on me again. I'm sorry for being so hard on you... about the Oliver thing. I just don't want to see you getting hurt. Well, we could all breathe easier if we could find a lead on blonde ambition, but right now, I've got zero. Lana might. Twist. Okay. She doesn't have any footage linking Lex to the attacker, but she was able to keep track of his projects... by piggybacking on the server from Luthor mansion. Of course. Right in front of my face. Our silent siren... knew I was making the interception because she was on the Daily Planet server. Can you access who logged on last night? Yeah. I can't believe I didn't see that. The negligent go-to girl strikes again. chalk another one up for the new-and-improved model. Lana did come through, but I'm not about to let Oliver poach the best sidekick in town. Dinah Lance was the only woman logged on last night. That doesn't help us much. Why, because she's not blonde? Please, Clark. The new bad girl could be as blond as I really am. There you go. Raven black. Canary yellow. maybe we should call her the yellow raven. Black Canary has a better ring to it. This makes so much sense. I mean, Dinah's slogan is "the word of justice.” Family of cops, hard-line view of crime and corruption... What are you doing? Earning back my stripes. I just hacked in to Dinah's computer and it looks like... there is a transfer in occurrence, to her bank account right now. Oliver said the file you intercepted the other night was from Lex. Can you block this transfer? Cut off the air supply so she'll have to surface. Got it. Missing your payoff? Guess there's no honor among thieves. Let me guess. yore one of the Green Bean's little accomplices, and now that your boss is all tied up, you're out of work. what'd you do with him? Green Arrow isn't the villain here. Lex is. Even tycoons who buy out the press deserve justice. is that the line you use to convince yourself you're on the right side? you know, you may not have experienced this, stud boy, but when you are on the right side, you don't have to do any convincing. Did it ever occur to you there might be a reason... why the Green Arrow was stealing from Lex? Actually, it didn't occur to me that anything about Queen was reasonable. Sorry. Green Arrow. Next time you're a gun for hire, do your research. Why would a rich guy like Oliver waste his time intercepting files for the fun of it? What line did Lex feed you? that you and your little gang were breaking into his plants... all over the world, stealing trade secrets. I'm guessing he didn't tell you what those secrets were. Where's Oliver? Well, aren't you clever? you managed to sneak in. did you, uh, find anything? I didn't find anything linking Grant Gabriel's murder to Lex... because I'm not looking. Think, Lana. I - you know what you've done, lying to Clark, deceiving him. Clark knows everything, and he will know everything from now on. So, I guess your cards are off the table. Well, it's obvious that you adopted more than just e Luthor name. What about the part of you that wanted to bring Lex to justice... for all the evil that he's done? Is that also off table? Sometimes justice comes at too high a price - like sacrificing my relationship with Clark... because I wanted to see Lex pay for his sins. Why did you come here? I went to the edge, and Clark pulled me back. I'm trying to the same thing for you. So, this is because you have my best interests at heart? it's not about you. I'm trying to change. To be honest, to be the kind of person that Clark could love again. What game are you playing? Lex is living proof of what obsession can do. - I know my son better than you. - No, you don't. Be careful. Lois, what happened? This crazy woman attacked us. Why did some woman attack you and Oliver? Hey! Isn't the view spectacular? I never really noticed it before without the - all the glass in the way. The view? I know. Can you believe this guy? A hydraulic walk-in closet. You're not gonna find that in the Sharper Image catalog. It must be laundry day. I mean, who picks archery as a hobby? That's embarrassing. I'd keep my quiver in the closet, too. Lois, where is Oliver? I don't know. She knocked me out, and when I came to, they were both gone. I think you forgot a little green something at home. I'm not handing green arrow over to you until you can prove how bad he is. The fact that he's been breaking into my plants seems sufficient. About those plants - I' been doing a little digging. It seems your auto-parts factory doesn't sell any auto parts. and your tech warehouse doesn't distribute computers. looks like you've been buying into his propaganda. I don't like being caught on the wrong side, which is what I'm on, isn't? You were never gonna hand Green Arrow over to the police, were you? I'm not much for philosophical debates. I just want what I paid for. Well, then, I guess that answers my question. I'm not handing him over. - Where is he? - I'm looking over your shoulder. Better luck next time, Lex. Oliver? Slash Green Arrow. Any other hyphenates I need to know about? No, that was pretty much the biggie. I'm sorry. I never meant to hide who I was from you. I just - No it's okay. I get it. You were just trying to protect me. Yeah. And I got to say, it clears up a lot. It never did make sense how you could blow off a hottie like me. Right, that's true. Well, now that you know... I'm really hoping that... I know my job takes me out of town a lot, but... on the weekends, there - there's a - I'm asking you. Please give us another chance. I can make this work. I can't. You know me and my big mouth. I can never keep a secret. I don't believe that. I've never been good at long-distance relationships. Come on, Lois. Okay. Maybe I'm selfish here... but I don't want to wonder where you are every night. I don't think I'd be good at the whole dual-identity thing. I... I can't. I can't share you with the rest of the world. Enter at your own caloric risk. How you doing? Aside from the metaphor, I was hoping Rocky Road would help, but nothing, nada. not even a dent. You know, I thought Grant would help me get over Ollie, and if that didn't end badly enough... the moment I saw Ollie again, all those feelings just came rushing right back up. maybe it can still work between you two. You don't know Ollie like I do. There are parts of him you've never seen. That's a given. I mean, sides of him. He's got this one side that I'm not sure I can live with. How would you know if you don't give it a chance? We're not you and Lana. We're not the perfect couple. We are not destined for each other. Lois, this isn't like you. Normally, when things get challenging, that's when you get interested. This is different. My dad was a general. And he cared about me. But I learned really early that his role in the world... was a lot more important than being a father. And you know what? For good reasons. And Ollie's life is demanding, too. Lois, just because someone's life has great responsibility... doesn't mean your life has to take second place. Of course it does, Clark. Can you imagine what it would be like... to look into somebody's eyes and know that their destiny is so much greater than yours, that you will never compete? You will always be left behind. That would be hard for anyone, but... No, I can't be left behind one more time. You know, where Ollie's life is going, there's not room for me in it, and I know he'd never admit that, so... I had to. I just, um... I can't face another heartbreak down the road. Besides, you know, why settle for hot, rich and famous when I can hang out with you? I guess you got blondie's message, too. I spoke to Lois. I'm sorry about what happened. Maybe she'll get used to the whole dual-identity thing someday. Yeah, like when? When the Earth cracks open and time ticks backwards? I don't think so. Hey. Thanks for coming. I guess I need to eat a little crow, huh? Is it too late to ask for an apology? Apology accepted, assuming you stop moonlighting for Lex. That won't be a problem. I've decided to hang up my fishnets. I think I was a little out of my league. I'll just stick to being the word of justice. At least I can't hurt anyone over the airwaves. Well, as long as they're not subsonic. Still, I got to say... it kind of seems like a waste. Besides, Oliver and his boys could always use a den mother. It's true. I'm not really much of a team player. Really? That's perfect. You're gonna fit right in. What about you? I'd say ricocheting bullets off your back... earns you the secret handshake. Maybe someday. Come on. There's a couple people I want you to meet. Has anyone ever told you you've lousy taste in women? Hi. Hi. I talked to Chloe. I thought I should go stay with her for a few days. I stole a Lamborghini. I broke into a bank of ATM machines, and I stole all the money. I ripped off more vault doors than I could count in a lifetime. Lana I'm anything but perfect, and I know that it's hard to live with me, especially when... not everyone can handle the double-sided life I live. Clark, I've been a two-headed hydra lately myself. It's funny. you can have all the right motives and still do all the wrong things. I just wish I knew how we ended up here. But... for what it's worth, I am still committed to us. You don't think I am? Clark, I think that you doubt whether I'm the one... you're really going to end up with. I can't tell you the future, Lana. Honestly, I don't know what's gonna happen to us. But I promise I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure... that we can trust each other again.