The enormous solar flare has already caused power surges.... Clark! Hey, Clark. Son, you wanna give us a hand here? Yeah. Sorry, I must've got sucked in. You caught me in the middle of this news special. What's the topic? Solar flares and the effects on Earth's atmosphere. According to NASA, the sun took a direct hit from a comet... ...causing one of the biggest solar flares ever. -You sound intrigued. -Actually, it's a relief to be researching... ...a cosmic disaster that has nothing to do with me. I gotta go. I told Pete I'd meet him at the Talon to swap notes. -You need a ride? -No, I think I'll run it. -Bye. -Bye. --precipitates huge explosions with powerful, far-reached effects. The shock wave from this type of CME is so strong... ...that it smashes the Earth 's magnetic field, unleashing a geomagnetic storm. In layman 's terms, people should expect.... Do you believe that there are powers greater than we can know... ...somewhere in the universe? Sure. Look, do you mind if I switch back to the game? That's one small step for man, one giant leap for the Metropolis Sharks. To Littleville, Kansas... ...and all the little "Kans-ass-ians" in it. -One more. -Look, pal, we don't want any trouble here. I think you might have had enough. If you want trouble, you just try cutting me off. Don't come back. Small-town friendly, my butt. No-- Yeah-- No, I'll find it. Yeah, I know. This-- Yeah. No. No, I have not been drinking. Thank you for caring. You okay? You pulled the door right off the car with your bare hands? -You walked right through the power lines. -You're a little drunk, Mr.... White. Perry White. -Take it easy, Clark. -I misjudged my strength. I just got off the phone with the hospital. It seems your Mr. Perry White checked himself out last night. His Breathalyzer was off the charts. -What do you think he saw, son? -He probably doesn't remember my name. Clark! Clark Kent! Thank you. Yeah. Last time I saw you, you were Frisbee-ing the door... ...off my car and ignoring the high-voltage lines. Mr. White. I was trying to figure out which of the four Clarks to thank when they hauled me off. -You must be Mr. Kent. -Yes, I am. -I'm certainly glad you're feeling better. -Well, that's relative. My car is crunched. This hillbilly cartoon you have as a sheriff has suspended my license on a DUl... ...and my assignment editor is screaming for my head. You're a reporter? In a past life. At the moment, I'm the advance man for X-Styles... ...cable TV's one stop for the paranormally inclined. What brings you here to Smallville? I'm researching a piece about the meteor shower... ...and the bizarre phenomena that it spawned. -Don't tell me you believe any of that. -It's right up there with the tooth fairy. Don't you need tools for a job like that? Mr. White, you really didn't come all this way just to thank me, did you? No, I didn't. I thought we should discuss a settlement. -Settlement? -I didn't off-road my car for laughs. I swerved to miss your son. Look, I'll make this easy on you. I need a local... ...who knows the territory to ferry me around. You loan me Clark for a couple days, we'll call it even. My father went for historical accuracy when he had the mansion reconstructed... ...but I was thinking of taking some liberties with the decor. Move away from the artifacts and period pieces... ...and go with something more modern. Even abstract. Any thoughts, doctor? Only that I hoped today's session would be more productive. I believe the psychological term... ...for refusing to accept the inevitable is "denial." And no amount of probing can uncover emotional issues that don't exist. -Now who's in denial? -Trust me, I have nothing to hide. Then tell me about the island. The fisherman who found you said you were raving about some imaginary enemy. I was ill, suffering from malaria. I saw your blood work, Lex. There was no trace of disease. But even some fictitious illness would not explain your reluctance... ...to discuss your conflicted feelings towards your father. Until we understand-- What I understand, doctor, is that LuthorCorp's insurance carrier... ...insisted that I submit to five psychiatric therapy sessions. So I've submitted. And sadly, our final hour is up. I'll miss our sessions. Two meteor craters? You don't wanna see anything else? Well, blown-out buildings and sinkholes are background, Clark. I'm looking for substance, texture... ...the human dimension. Clark, is everything all right? Pete waited for you until after 1 0:00 last night. -It's a long story. -Hi. Perry White. I'd like a triple cappuccino and a couple of those glazed crullers... ...and an interview... ...with Smallville's very own cover girl. What are you doing? It's called getting the story. Nothing fancy, Miss Lang, just a simple q and a. You know, how's Little Miss Meteor coping 1 4 years after the big bang? Maybe this is a joke to you, but my parents died that day. And I'm sorry, but that makes you newsworthy. That's it. You're leaving. Either she talks to me now, or she faces the cameras in the morning. -Clark, I can't believe you're with this guy. -Lana. Maybe you should both leave. You didn't tell me Lana was part of your agenda. You didn't tell me you knew her. Sorry if I hurt her feelings, but she's a legitimate source. -She's not anymore. -lt doesn't work that way. I still have to find faces to put on camera. Your high school paper has developed quite a rep in the bug-eyed monster circles. Why would you say that? Because I did, like, three minutes of research before I came to town. Think the editor would know something about the meteor shower? How would I know? "' Principal Authorizes New Gym Mats' by Clark Kent." I know I was riveted. I think we should go. Boy, I thought our stuff was off-the-wall. This is incredible. It's also all true. Chloe, Mr. White is interested in the meteor shower. -I thought he could take a look. -I have nothing to hide. Oh, good. I think we've already borrowed two or three of your ideas for our show. Now, do you make it all up yourself, or do you pull in other writers? -Excuse me? -Oh, just professional curiosity. It's rare that I meet another journalist interested in the bizarre. -X-Styles? -Yeah. I have a penchant for the truth, something your TV show gave up around episode two. That's it. We're done. Wait, wait, wait. You're the Perry White? It's okay. I'm gonna hoof it back to the motel. You young lovers patch things up... ...and then later on you can swing by, and we'll pick up the tour. Clark, do you have any idea who that was? Lex. -I'm sorry. I'm interrupting. -No. It's strange. When I was on the island, I came to hate the roar of the ocean. Since coming back, I find it's the only thing that relaxes me. You must think about what happened every day. And I'm sure you didn't come all this way to discuss that. What did you wanna see me about? This tabloid television reporter came by the Talon today... ...and he wanted to do an interview with me about the meteor shower. A succinct "no comment" didn't dissuade him? Not really. He said he'd come back tomorrow, this time with a camera crew. And you don't want that. I've spent the last 1 4 years trying to put that day behind me. And in an instant... ...he brought it all back. I know it's a lot to ask... ...but I was hoping that you might be able to do something. I'm surprised you didn't go to Clark with this. Clark's with him. So you want me to run him out of town? I want him to stop. He must've been very persistent. -What was his name? -Perry White. I'll make sure he never bothers you again. Mr. White, I've been looking for you. And here I am. You may have the makings of a reporter yet, Kent. Like you used to be? Chloe and I did some checking after you left. Memories fade, but a Google search never forgets. And another drink isn't gonna erase the fact... ...that you used to be one of the best reporters in Metropolis. What happened? Life is a journey, grasshopper. And sometimes the trip is smoother with a little lubricant. What's it to you, anyway? Maybe it's the journalist in me... ...or that I realized, if you have a gift, you shouldn't turn your back on it. I made exactly two mistakes in my life, kid. The first was getting into journalism. -What was the second? -Thinking it mattered. -One more. -No, he's had enough. I don't get you, kid. I strong-armed your parents, picked on your girlfriend... ...and ticked off your lady editor. Still, here you are, trying to play the hero. Sometimes Clark's faith in his fellow man outweighs his common sense. Lex? It's all right, Clark. I'll deal with Mr. White from here. I may have underestimated you, kid. Clark doesn't have anything to do with this. Look, if this is your old man's idea, tell him I got the message back in Metropolis. -I have no intention of revisiting the past. -This isn't about my father. -It's about you. -Lex, don't you think you're overreacting? Considering the way he went after Lana, I thought you'd admire my restrain. -Let's go. -Thanks for the ride, kid. You know, this "get out of Dodge" routine is pretty heavy-handed, even for a Luthor. So is ambushing a teenage girl for a sound bite. Of course, using people always came easy to you. You know, our one and only encounter was years ago. Even in boarding school, I was good at sniffing out reporters... ...but you played the "just a friendly conversation" card very well. As I recall, it was a full 1 0 minutes before I told you to go to hell. I was just doing my job, and you were a legitimate source. I was 1 6, and you were scrounging for dirt on my father. That's what this is really about, isn't it? Your father's secrets? If you really had anything on him, it would've come out then. If you actually believe that, I almost feel sorry for you. Just make sure you're on the 4:00 bus. Well, so much for not drinking before 5. Hey, Dad. Hey. Hey, Clark. I wasn't expecting you till later. -Where's Mr. White? -He left. I think he realized that Smallville wasn't quite as friendly as he first thought. I've been trying to wrestle this thing up on a block for an hour. -You wanna give me a hand? -Sure. What's the matter? I don't know. It's like I've lost all my strength. Why don't you give it one more try. Mr. Kent. You wanna tell me how your tractor wound up scattered... -...over two lanes of county blacktop? -Yeah. We were pulling up to the farm, and we saw somebody had put it on a flatbed. -So you're saying someone was stealing it? -I tried to follow them. By the time I got here, it must've fallen off. I'm telling you, it fell out of the sky. And last night, you were begging the nurses to keep the flying monkeys out of your room. Kid, you're saying you had nothing to do with this? To be honest, sheriff, I'm not sure what happened. Well, he's hiding something, chief. Mr. White. There's another bus in about an hour. I suggest you catch it. And don't call me "chief." I'm really sorry about the tractor. It's a total loss. Clark, I'm not concerned about the tractor. Whatever's going on with your abilities... ...our family's wound up smack dab in the middle of Perry White's radar. Wise decision coming inside. Weather service expects a shower of threshing machines followed by combines. Guess I deserve that. If you tell me what you're looking for, I'm sure I could help you find it. Now, why would you wanna do that? Because you were once the kind of reporter that I would like to be. Though I'm curious how one goes from multiple Pulitzer nominations... ...to walking the Bigfoot beat. You know the thing that's worse than never landing that story of a lifetime? -What? -Having it... ...and being afraid to write it. Perry "The Pit Bull" White backing off a story? That's hard to believe. Well, Lionel Luthor can be remarkably persuasive. Are you saying he had something to do with your career slide? Let's just say that not everyone respects good investigative journalism... ...especially when it treads on the toes of the rich and vengeful. Isn't that the Kent farm? Good eye. The police chalked it up to hyperactive frat boys going crop circles on the barn. Why? Call it professional interest. Your friend Clark intrigues me. You've thrown some Hail Marys, but to think your problems have to do... ...with a solar flare? It's a stretch. I know, Dad, but my powers started to glitch when the comet impacted. -Maybe there's a connection. -Make that "probably." -Did you find something? -Yes. Yesterday's cosmic fender-bender... ...produced the largest solar flare ever recorded. I'm talking communication glitches, power surges-- That's what's been happening to me. One second I'm helpless, and the next, I'm in overdrive. Well, we always have wondered about the source of your abilities. Maybe my strength and my speed, all the things I can do, they come from the sun. It's like you're some sort of walking solar battery. According to this, the effects of the solar flare ought to be done by tomorrow night. Maybe your accidents are gonna stop. As long as I don't use my abilities till then, we should be okay? Hey, Clark. I thought I'd give you a heads-up. -Our resident ghostbuster is still on the job. -Perry White? -I thought he went back to Metropolis. -Evidently, he had a change of heart. And he seems to be especially interested in you, Clark. What the hell are you trying to do? -Lex, calm down. -Why? You've already made up your mind about my mental state. You're refusing to sign off on my psychological release. You're recommending even more sessions to be continued on an indefinite basis? I have an ethical obligation to report my conclusions honestly. Or maybe the nothing shrink from Metropolis wanted more face time... ...with her celebrity patient. You must be loving this. I took no pleasure in my recommendation. -Then how do you explain it? -I think you need help, Lex. Between the island, your failed marriage and everything that's happened since... ...you have experienced incredible emotional and physical trauma. And your prescription's more time on the couch? We just spent five sessions exploring my psyche. No, we spent five hours discussing your art collection... ...your fascination with expensive cars... ...everything except the most traumatic moments of your life. Lex, if you don't let your demons out, they could consume you. -We've been over this, doctor. -We haven't even scratched the surface. This control-freak thing might fool your father... ...but did you really think you could snow me? -Lex, please-- -Get out. Get out! Morning, Clark. -What are you doing here? -You inspired me. If you've got a gift, you should use it, remember? -You're drunk. -Maybe. Nonetheless, I finally found my story. For some insane reason, it's me. -Chloe told me. I don't think it's funny. -It's not a joke. I got the facts to back it up. -What kind of facts are those? -The accident, the power lines... ...your magical appearance as your family's tractor drops out of the sky. -I explained that. -"lt fell off a truck." That's not an explanation, that's a punch line. I spent the morning combing through police records and newspaper stories. You're Johnny-on-the-spot, Clark. You're Smallville's own hero on deck. Trust me, Mr. White, there's nothing special about me. Oh, that's where you're wrong, kid. So far, I got you pegged as really strong and shock-resistant. Question is, what other tricks have you got up your sleeve? Clark! Clark, could you give me a hand? I've gotta go. I've been stonewalled by the best of them! You can run, but you... ...can't hide. -Clark, you all right, son? -It's been a weird day. -My light-speed gave out around Lake Tahoe. -That's gotta be 1 000 miles. I know. One second I'm racing across the country, the next, I can barely jog. I tried to make it home, my super-speed gave out again around Colorado Springs. I barely had enough money for a bus ticket. This thing's getting way out of control, Clark. Don't worry. I'm glued to the couch until this solar flare passes. I'm afraid it's not gonna be that easy, son. Perry White saw you disappear. Now, your mother got him off the farm, but I don't think he's gonna give up. Not that easy, anyway. When they told me you were at the gate, I could hardly believe it. Yeah, you and me both. -I just thought we should talk. -We have nothing to talk about. Oh, sorry to hear that. Now I guess you'll never find out what I have on your father. If it's personal, I don't care. If it's legal, the statute of limitations must've passed long ago. That depends. If this information is so damning... ...why did my father stop at simply destroying your career? Multiple copies plus multiple attorneys all with, in the event of my death... ...instructions to disseminate-- Well, you do the math. It's all yours. I just want one thing in return. -What did you have in mind? -Everything you know about Clark Kent. -Clark? -Yeah. Two years ago, you drove your Porsche off a bridge. I went over the police photos. There's no way you could've survived that crash... ...without the miracle that is Clark Kent. Imagine my surprise when I discovered you'd actually cultivated a friendship with this kid. So now you're going after Clark. This is a new low, even for you. The Lex I knew wouldn't shake your hand without an ulterior motive. You must have something. Give it to me, and I'll deliver you a story... ...that'll bring new meaning to the phrase, "sins of the father." You may have been able to neutralize my father, but not me! -Looks like the jungle living took a toll. -I'm warning you... ...stay away from me and stay away from my friends. Trust me, there won't be any blood on my hands... ...when they find what's left of you. Clark, I never thought you'd rate your own paparazzi. Perry White must've called in a million favors to get a camera crew. Yeah. Well, the good news is, there's only one. If this solar-flare theory's correct, then... ...your tractor-tossing days will be over by tonight. I don't believe this. I can't believe this. I mean, I feel like a prisoner in my own house. I just.... Clark? Pete, get down! -Mom, Dad. -Clark, wait. -Jonathan, hurry. -Son. Clark, get back. Clark. -What's wrong with your hand? -I burned it. My powers, they're gone again. Remember, all you have to do is get through today. And hope that I don't get another solar-flare burst and burn the farm down. Next time, I could hurt you or Mom. And Perry White will be there to catch the whole thing on tape. Dad, I can't stay here. Clark! Clark, come back! He's running. Come on. Let's go. Keep it rolling! I want it all on tape. Clark is not here. And he's not coming back until you people are gone. So why don't you just leave my family alone. -Come on, Clark. They're long gone. -Thanks for doing all this, Pete. You know I'm always up for a little Undercover Brother. So we'll camp out tonight, check in with your parents in the morning. "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone." I think you'd be more comfortable at the Wild Coyote. Well, I was, until they threw me out. Either way, I'd like you to leave. Please, Miss Lang-- Sometimes I let my enthusiasm for a story outweigh my good sense. Is that your idea of an apology? No, look. Okay. Okay, I'm a jerk. And I've got the broken engagements and the sleepless nights to prove it. If your job bothers you so much, why don't you stop? Because I'm a journalist. It's in my blood. And sometimes you have to push to get the truth... ...even when it hurts. Well, if you're finished, I'm gonna call you a cab. It won't come. It's a little issue over nonpayment of fares. -But I'll make you a deal. -Mr. White-- I will trade permanently staying out of your life... ...for a ride to the bus stop. Let me get my coat. Hello. Lana? What? No, don't do anything. I'll be right there. -Clark, what's going on? -I gotta get to Saunders Gorge right now. Your speed thing still out? I got nothing, Pete. It's all gone. Get in. I'll drive. -Lana, you okay? -Yeah, I'm fine, but.... I was driving him to the bus stop, and he pretended to be sick. I pulled over, and he ran out to the viewpoint and got out on the ledge... ...and said he would kill himself unless I called you. Look, Clark, be careful. He's really drunk. Not unless iced tea packs a punch. I knew you'd never show for me, so I had to trick Lana into making the call. -Mr. White, don't do this. -See, the way I figure it... ...you're strong, you're shockproof, and you're incredibly fast. Plus, you're cursed with this hero complex. Yeah, why don't you come back down on the deck, and we'll talk about that. -Not until I have my story. -Wait, Mr. White. Look, you're wrong about me. -I'm betting you'll save me, Clark. -No, I can't save you! Well, I guess we'll find out, huh? Okay, fun's over. Time to unleash those incredible powers there, Clark. I don't have any powers! Pete! The camping gear, there should be a rope! Okay. -Hold on, Mr. White! -Hurry! Kid. Pete, it's not gonna hold! Come on! -Grab the rope! -Hang on, kid. -Hold on! -Hang on, kid. Go! Good! Keep going! Come on! Kid. -Okay? -Yeah. Hurry. -All right. -I can't hold on much longer. Pete, get moving! Here, give me your hand. Oh, Clark. I'm sure you understand the need for confidentiality. I will be revealing things that are deeply personal, even hurtful. That's the point of therapy, Lex. To regain control... ...Iet the bad feelings go and start recovering from the traumas of the past. Then tomorrow. 1 0 a.m. -Clark, breakfast is almost ready. -Great. I'll be done in a second. So you're sure everything's okay now? Once the effects of the flare faded, things went back to normal. Including your sense of humor. -Hi, Lana. This is a surprise. -Hi, Mrs. Kent. -I hope I didn't come at a bad time. -No, not at all. -Clark, I'll keep a plate warm for you. -Bye. Hey, Lana. You know, I was gonna stop by the Talon later. Just, with all the craziness, I didn't get a chance to thank you. I still don't understand why Mr. White thought... ...you could do all those incredible things. But I'm glad I was able to help. You know, I wasn't just talking about the gorge. Whether I meant to or not, I helped dredge up your memories... ...about the meteor shower. I wanted to thank you for forgiving me. Well, that's part of the reason why I came by. I went to the graveyard this morning. Bet your parents were happy to see you. Suddenly, I realized I hadn't been there for months. At first, I felt guilty. You know, like I had done something wrong. But then I realized that that is the last thing they would have ever wanted for me. -So, what did you tell them? -The truth. That I never meant to ignore them. But... ...there's someone else in my life now. Someone I really care about. -Lana-- -Clark. It's okay. I also told them that we were in a kind of strange place right now. But I'm still hoping that we can work it out. The important thing is... ...they know they will always be in my thoughts. I better go. Thanks again for the ride. It's the only way I could be sure you'd get on the bus. What? You really are kind of a freak, you know that? -Mr. White. -I'm serious. You try to help people, even fools like me... ...and you never ask for anything in return. When I saw your face up there after it was all over... ...I suddenly realized I was about to tear down a good person. I just couldn't believe there was actually anyone like you out there. Trust me, Mr. White, I'm not that good. Well, I'm just glad nobody got hurt. Chalk it up to hallucinations or the D.T.'s. All I know is, I got a wake-up call. I am exactly 1 7 hours and five minutes sober. Well, I'm glad some good came out of all this. -So, what's next? -lf you found the guts to go over that cliff... ...maybe I can find the courage to finish the one story I let go. Something tells me we haven't seen the last of Perry White. Something tells me you're right. Rumor has it, I still have a friend or two on the Daily Planet. Oh, by the way, I went over a couple more of your Torch stories. And? Well, they're rough, and half the time, you bury the lead. But I see a glimmer of hope. If you ever make it to Metropolis, look me up. I owe you one. --------------------------------------------- -**- English Subtitles by jondon -**- Smallville Taiwan Fans Site