that jimmy olsen could shred those waves with the best of them? where's lana? lana's in metropolis. she's visiting her aunt nell. clark, are you okay? kara, do you ever think about your parents and it feels like they're... practically calling out to you? yeah. i'm always thinking about my family. my mom and dad will always be with me. and so will lara. i feel like i know something about jor-el, but my mother, she's always been a mystery to me. i have an idea. i will tell you everything you ever wanted to know about the incredible lara-el... in the morning. get some sleep, okay? you must come to the fortress. i need you, my son. save me. the crystal you carry was made by zor-el. it has no place in this fortress. my mother needs my help! it is far too late for that, my son. like all of krypton, your mother is gone forever. it's not true. we need to help her. every experiment my brother conducted was motivated by power and greed. hurry, my son. i have little time left. hurry! do not allow human emotions to cloud your judgment. i won't turn my back on my mother. jor-el? is that you? i'm kal-el. kal-el? my son. my beautiful boy. you're a man. are you sure you're okay? oh, i'm more than okay. i thought i would never see you again. it's... it's like a dream. a dream that started out like a nightmare. when i heard your voice, you were in trouble. the last i remember, the world was exploding around me. you must have heard my cries. i knew your father was working on a plan. i didn't think he would send me through a portal forward in time. there's something you should know about how you got here. aunt lara? aunt lara! oh, my god. sweetheart. i'm so happy you managed to escape. my father put me in a ship and sent me away in the nick of time. you must have come from my crystal. crystal? you've had it all this time? kal-el? what crystal? you didn't come through a portal. zor-el. his technology... it worked. does that mean my father's here, too? if i emerged from this crystal, i am certain his replicant is right behind me. and he is dangerous. it doesn't matter. there's three of us and one of him. where's the face? lasik, anyone? it's right there. that's not a face. that's a blur. a compromising page-one pic of our philandering mayor needs two eyes, a nose, and a mouth. that's what makes it compromising. who took these? you're looking at her. well, you're a woman of many talents, lane, but clearly photography isn't one of them. next time, take olsen. forget the pictures, then. the story speaks for itself. "golden-boy mayor throws it all away for raven-haired nanny." what the hell was he smoking? he doesn't smoke. some women just happen to have the power to turn a man's better judgment upside down. when did you learn that nugget of wisdom? not until very recently. i want you to admit something. your decision to hire me was based on hedonism, not journalism. i knew it. my job is a total fraud. but i made the decision to hire you before i ever saw your pretty mug. it was an edge-of-your-seat expos? on underground cage fighting. it was just a coincidence that you happened to be incredibly irresistible. my dear kara. you're all right. i had a feeling i might find you at this farm. oh. i know you tried to kill your brother. i've changed, kara. i'm a better man than i was. after all you've done... why should i believe you? i've been given a second chance, in a new world. i won't make the same grave errors. especially taking my family for granted. our planet is gone, kara. family is the only thing we have left. i want to start over with you. i want to be your real father. i still remember the songs you sang me to sleep. we can be together again. with lara and kal-el, as a family. you just have to trust me. i want to. it's all right. it's all right, my angel. go to the fortress, kara. wait for me. jor-el's vessel. you can't hide your identity. the crystals led me right to you. as his emissary, you speak on jor-el's behalf. lara and her son will listen to you. you must convince them to heed my words. your words won't help you here, zor-el. just as stubborn as my brother. soon you could be just as dead. if you value your life, tell kal-el to trust his uncle. you'll be better off in the end. kal-el is following his own destiny. i will do nothing to stop his course. let's get moving. clark? you need to lie still, sir. i have to speak to clark. lionel, i'm here. clark, he's looking for a woman. lara. her name is lara. hey, cuz. what's the latest headline? "busy writing story." looks like someone woke up on the right side of the bed this morning. at least i woke up in my own bed. what's that supposed to mean? i told you, i was working on a story. a story about a reporter and her editor getting an exclusive between the sheets? look, chloe. i know you're impulsive, but come on. it wasn't an impulse. it's not like i did a double gainer blindly off a cliff. but don't be surprised if you pancake faster than you think. of all the people in the world, you had to end up with your editor. so i strayed into the minefield of misguided romance again. but i swear to you, it had nothing to do with me getting the job or getting ahead. you don't believe me, do you? i do believe you. the problem is, will anyone else? lois, gossip spreads faster than a bad rash. and sooner or later, people are gonna start scratching, assuming one thing -- lois lane jump-started her career on her managing editor's diehard battery. let them think what they want. i am not gonna let watercooler chitchat splash cold water on my previously nonexistent personal life. you're a big girl. you can do whatever you want. but if you want to be taken seriously as a reporter, you have to break this off before it breaks your career. kara's standing guard at the farm. you should be safe here until i can locate zor-el. i won't put you in any more danger, kal-el. let zor-el come and find me. i have nothing to fear. look. ever since i found out i was adopted, all i could do was imagine what my real mother would be like. and now you're here. i don't want to lose you. you already lost me. your real mother died with jor-el. i'm not gonna let anything happen to you. the kents have raised you well. lana, what are you doing here? kara told me you were here. she said you might need my help. what i think she wanted was for you to meet my mother, lara. hello, lana. it's an honor to meet you. lana, now that you're here, would you mind staying with my mother? i have to go meet up with kara. yeah. of course. i'll go make some tea. kal-el, before you leave, i want you to have this. it was your father's. his victory ring, given when he first became a member of the council. it's kryptonian tradition to pass it on to the firstborn son when he comes of age. kal-el? are you okay? yeah. i think so. of course. jor-el's son. with the same devious look in your eye. how did you find me? kara told me. she'd never do that. your cousin only wants what's best for the house of el. she's waiting for us at the fortress so we can begin our mission to save our race. i saw what you did to lionel. you don't want to save anyone. the weak must be sacrificed for the greater good. something your father could never understand. he could have saved krypton if he wasn't such a feebleminded pacifist. jor-el did the best that he could. yes. and where is he now? what is he now? a voice. i'm here, in the flesh, ready to serve my people. come, kal-el. let's go get your mother. i'll never join you. if i had raised you, you would understand about duty and responsibility. my abilities. what did he do to me? father's ring might symbolize victory back home, but here it means defeat. my mother gave me this ring. she had no way of knowing the blue mineral robs your powers. i, on the other hand, did a little research in one of my earlier walkabouts on earth. i knew she'd slip it on your finger, like the good kryptonian mother she is. she was so proud of your father. it was a trick. her voice. all so i would activate the crystal. if kara failed to activate the crystal, i knew i could appeal to your human tendencies. kal-el, the blood of the house of el runs through your veins just as it does mine. as much as you want to deny it, your destiny is to rule. and we can do that together as a family. but you're not my family. if you weren't lara's son, i'd end your life right now. i don't know much about human behavior, but you seem ill at ease. no. no. not at all. you're worried i'll discover the darkness you're concealing. don't let it overpower the goodness. you must fight it. lara! lana, leave. you don't have to fear, my love. there's a new life waiting for us up in the frozen north. let her go. lana? oh, my god. you said it was bad, but i didn't expect "raging bull" bad. the good news is the e.r. doctor said that lana has no internal injuries. she'll be fine. yeah, but you're not. blood and sweat on clark kent are never a good combination. hey, listen. a little advice. until your wedding day, refrain from wearing rings of any kind. i was tricked, chloe. it's all part of zor-el's plan. she was crying out for me. i couldn't just ignore her. trust me. i get wanting to see your long-lost mother. but, clark, the sad reality is your mom died. you can't bring people back from the dead. she's not a zombie. she's my mother. i have to do everything in my power to save her. powers which at this point are sorely lacking. this is where having a supercharged cousin comes in handy. kara betrayed me. she's on her father's side. wow. i guess no matter how twisted and evil zor-el is, he's still her dad. this is why i need you to give me a ride. i need to get this ring off my finger and go to the fortress. look, clark, my yaris gets awesome mileage, but i seriously doubt it'll get us all the way to the north pole. how about to my barn? i told you you'd come to love this town. there's no finer women in the world. but you've probably figured that out by now. actually, work is all i've had time for. wait a minute. you're not dating anyone? come on. what about all the legions of female reporters scurrying under your feet? what about them? lois lane, for example. sexy, smart. all true. doesn't mean i have to date her. was that not poetry in motion? so i guess you've been researching an article on her bra size lately? word travels fast. why not tell me? i didn't think it was relevant. look, for all i care, you could date every girl from the copy room to the boardroom, just not lois lane. i don't get it. what's wrong with lois lane, other than her bad spelling? the woman has an insatiable curiosity. it's only a matter of time before she connects the dots. the situation's under control, lex. i can easily keep her out of our business. i know you're careful, but it's not worth the risk. i'm sorry. you have to end it. look, i'm fully aware of everything you've done for me, but that doesn't give you the right to control my life. i beg to differ. remember, if it weren't for me, you'd be nothing. kara! leave now! no. we're a family. lara, it's our duty to repopulate this planet. the humans, they would call us adam and eve. but it won't happen because i will never be with you. even with your son's life at stake? no. father, you can't possibly think of hurting kal-el. it may be a necessary step. you have me. i'm here. don't lay a hand on my son. what are you doing? pulling a dark curtain over this yellow sun. soon, the human detritus will be killed off and we can begin our mission. no. you don't need to kill anybody! only kal-el can remove it. kara, these human pests will overrun us. they need to be eradicated. what will happen to my son? i'll go and bring him into the shelter of the fortress. but you must promise not one more word of protest, lara. hey! hey! hey! i know the blue "k" is seriously cramping your style, but you don't have to grind your finger off! i don't know what else to do. it's unbreakable. considering what all the other flavors of kryptonite do, being normal might not be such a bad thing. not when the people i care about are in danger. i have to get to the fortress with or without my abilities. don't forget your book. what's happening? we're looking at sunny skies this weekend in the smallville, granville, and the surrounding areas. now let's take a look at our seven-day forecast. there's no storm on the horizon. it's too dark for a storm. it's an eclipse. that's astronomically impossible. the next one isn't for years. zor-el. oh, god. if this is the apocalypse, i'd better get my dogs. i'm sure there's some really boring scientific explanation. the sun is not some birthday candle you can just blow out. okay, everybody. time to stop gawking, start reporting. you're journalists, not stargazers. let's move! lane, i knew you'd be burning a hole in your retina. i've been searching all over the planet for you. wow. we have something in common. i need to see you in my office five minutes ago. lois -- grant -- look, for a girl who's not easily swept off her feet, i am basically blowing in the wind here. well, for a guy who usually pulls the rip cord after the first date, i'm soaring through the clouds. lois, the truth is... we need to stop seeing each other. let's face it. this relationship is inappropriate. totally unprofessional. i'm your editor. i'm a reporter. and if there's one thing we can do, it's separate our feelings from our work. are you kidding me? easy as pie. i never even liked you that much. so it's settled, then. like it never happened. aunt lara, i am so sorry. this is all my fault. i thought my father had changed. i had no idea he wanted to hurt anyone. of course you didn't, sweetheart. my husband always kept a dagger at home. he was a peaceful man, but he believed in protecting his family at all costs. i won't let your father hurt my son. neither will i. give it to me. i'll do it. no, kara. this is not your fault. it's about me. i will defeat him. but if you fail, he'll kill you. and you mean way too much for me to ever let that happen. zor-el: kara. i've searched everywhere. kal-el is nowhere to be found. you had no intention of finding him. it was a ruse, just to placate me, wasn't it? when are you going to trust me, lara? you would kill your own father. if it meant protecting earth and every living creature on it. i may not have been here long, but i've learned one thing. everything you've told me about humans is wrong. they are good people, and they're worth defending. then you leave me no choice. zor-el, she's your daughter! you have no idea how much this pains me, but my duty far surpasses the bond of blood. father, i can't breathe. sorry, my angel. kara, back away. kara: clark. clark! the crystal! you're the only one that can stop the eclipse. kal-el. zor-el must be destroyed. shatter the crystal. no. you could be destroyed along with it. as long as this ring remains on your finger and you have no power, you cannot fulfill the destiny your father and i have envisioned for you. it doesn't matter anymore. what's important is we're together. i will always be with you. destroy it. no! do it, kal-el. save kara! mom. kara? kara?! kara? i was gonna close early, but... you look like you could use something warm. where am i? detroit. motor city. michigan. i know the street signs can be awfully confusing around here. but i've never seen anyone this lost. what's your name, hon? i don't know. still no word? none. i don't think kara's ever coming back. all because of me. i just... i hope she's still alive somewhere. clark, you only wanted to see your mother. if anyone can understand that, it's me. there's no point in beating yourself up. why not, lana? people i care about got hurt. and jor-el was right. i shouldn't let emotions get in the way of my common sense. you grew up on a planet of human beings. it's okay to feel. your emotions are a part of who you are. yeah. they're more dangerous than kryptonite. clark, you got to meet your mother. lana, i always thought that if i ever did meet my mother, she wouldn't live up to the idea that i had of her. she did. clark, i will never be as strong as your mother. and after everything i've done, i'm not sure i'm as good a person as you deserve. lana, we all make mistakes. i'm living proof of that. it's how we come back from the mistakes. that's what matters. how do you come back when you feel like you're at the point of no return? lana, look at everything you went through to help my mother. you're not that far gone. looks like someone's on a lethal deadline. i'm trying to get this eclipse story in before the sun sets on my career. what genius invented the keyboard? i mean, how hard would it have been to put the letters in alphabetical order? i hate to break it to you, lo, but i think that the fact checkers are gonna have a field day with that one. astronomers are saying that it wasn't an actual eclipse. it was just some huge, circular shadow that was caused by water molecules. not the astronomer i talked to. trust me, chlo. i'm thinking two-inch-tall headline. lane, of all the days on the calendar, you pick this one to shift into slo-mo. just keep your pants on. i'm almost done. i need a couple more milliseconds. no. you snooze, you lose. larkin has already submitted his piece. i'm running it as tomorrow's headline. might want to try a typing class. give you a legp. why do i get the gnawing suspicion that you two have had the dear john conversation? yes, we sure have. and let me tell you, those conversations tend to quickly veer into awkward territory. you know, you think he'd be man enough to suck it up and treat you like everyone else. yeah. you'd think so. none of our satellites were affected. just a few lost megawatts at our solar facilities. proceed as planned. you'll be happy to hear lois lane and i no longer share a toothbrush. it's over. look, i know she's not the type you want to catch and release. but trust me, it's for your own good. are these for my own good? what am i, lex? your own private reality show? i'm keeping an eye on you so you don't get into trouble. you're spying on me. and it stops now. i don't care how much you've helped me. i'm not a rat in one of your labs. you're right. i'm sorry. i went overboard. we can't keep this secret forever, lex. i'm not afraid of lionel luthor. well, you should be. no one can know. do you understand? if he found out the truth, he could kill you. i'm his son. you're my brother. how could he? our dear old dad told the world that you were dead and then secretly gave you up for adoption all because his wife was terminally ill. he's not gonna want that skeleton stepping out of the closet. what he did happened a long time ago. in the public's eyes, there's no statute of limitations in leaving your infant out in the cold. trust me. it's better the world knows you as grant gabriel. my name is julian luthor. not outside of this room. i know that her father was your enemy, but kara is my cousin! with everything this fortress can do, there must be some way to track her down. if you had heeded my warning, this would have never happened. kara's well-being is no longer our concern, kal-el. i know what you were like on krypton! what happened to dedicating your life to help others? that is not my mission. i don't believe you. her disappearance was not my doing. zor-el is the only one who knows that answer. zor-el is gone. jor-el: you have chosen to defy me yet again, kal-el. and you seem to lack the capacity to learn your lesson.