i am the two of you found each other You're very lucky to be together. Look, your wedding day's gonna b perfect, i'm gonna make sure of it. Stop hogging the spotlight, smallville. Hey, cuz, you know that i love you, And i wish you and jimmy long and happy years together. And remember what the general always says ... Marriage is the only war where you get to sleep with the enemy. You can edit out that last part, right? I told him. I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride. Ladies and gentlemen, join me in welcoming the newly weds. What was that? Hold on, jimmy. Please don't leave me. Smallville 810 Synchro : flolo For seriessub.Com It's 11:00 hours, people. We only got till sunset to change this little Heifer-House into my cousin's chapel of love, so let's pick up the pace. Hold on, emeril. Dinner ware stays outside - Until the reception presto change-O. - Of course, no problem. Goldilocks, this is mother goose. What's the status at bridal central? Half an hour ahead of schedule. Good job, chloe. But don't get cocky, or you'll fall behind. Over and out. Jimmy told me you're going to be filming this epic, spielberg. I want testimonials, candids, everything. But i don't want to know you're here. - You're a fly on the wall, all right? - Ring that bell. No. Mother goose to baby bear. Mother goose to baby bear. Come in, baby bear. I'm getting married. Shouldn't i get bumped up to papa bear? We don't need to jinx our big day. Seem a little twitchy there, jimmy. The butterflies in your stomach starting to do the rhumba yet? Not at all. Well, the only thing i'm nervous about is seeing chloe before the ceremony. It's bad luck. What about the whole "till death do us part" part? That's got to be nerve-Racking. Well, when you pick the right person, There's no need for wedding-Day jitters. - Good answer, jimbo. - You know, speaking of the right person, Since you don't have a plus-One tonight, i'd like you to meet one of my friends. Name's clark kent. You heard of him? Better wear your bow and arrow, cupid. That bumbling tadpole is not my prince charming. Well, maybe you just need to jump his lily pad and plant one on him. Come on. I've seen the way you two look at each other. You need to get your eyesight checked, olsen. Clark doesn't like me. He likes... driving me crazy. Flirtation 101, lane. I mean, that's what a guy does when he's into a girl. Really? Trust me. Lois and clark would be great together. I can feel it in my gut. Well, take some ex-Lax, and get over it. Okay, well, i'm gonna go practice my vows. When you see mr. Right, will you give him this? - Okay. - Thank you. Hey, if you don't get that camera out of my face, I'm gonna ring your bell, buddy! Well, i guess the groom is more frazzled than he thought.I forgot my bow tie. You look great. Hey, cowboy. Want to give a girl a hand? Oh, my god. Oh, i'm not supposed to see you till the wedding. Okay, you know what? Cut. Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut. Come on, jimmy. This is classic. Go, go. I, called your phone, and you didn't answer. I thought that you were getting your hair coifed, or whatever you call it. - I made the appointment earlier. - I wish you would have told me. I wouldn't have come over if i knew you were still here. It's fine. Calm down. No, you don't get it. This is a... It's a disaster. Maybe it's not so bad. I mean, my garter belt is a little bit temperamental. So maybe it's good luck that you came by. The groom sees the bride before the wedding? It's Like the hindenburg of disasters. It's worse than black cats and broken mirrors and all that... Jimmy, breathe! Look, our love has weathered federal arrests And heart-Attack-Inducing kisses and a freakazoid bout of amnesia. I think that we'll survive this. That's better. You know, i guess me showing up is just a sign that... When no one else is around to help... We'll always be there for each other. Forever. Perfect. - I'm gonna go get my bow tie. - Okay. Chloe, it's davis. Look, i know i'm the last person you want to talk to today, but... Please call me back. To delete this message, - Press 7. - Who was that? Brigadier general lois, letting us know that, We have t-Minus three hours until d-Day. So, what do you say we get ready to storm the beach, handsome? Listen, you better watch out for lois. She'll pin an apron on you and name you after some sort of fairy-Tale character. What's wrong? Lex is alive. I was tracking a wireless ghost router he was using To bounce e-Mails to tess mercer. If we can get our hands on that router, It'll tell us where the e-Mails originated. - It's not like lex to leave a trail. - He's not leaving a trail. His routers pop up all over the globe. But every time i show up, all the hardware's missing. You want me to race in there and grab The router the next time lex sends an e-Mail. That's right. Now, listen. Based on the previous pattern, i'm expecting one today. This means we could be hours away from locking that monster up for good. I can't do this today. Clark, what are you talking about? You've given lex, like, 100 second chances. And if he's out there alive, he hasn't made a move for months. This can wait 24 hours. - Chloe can't. - The wedding? Is that the real reason you don't want to go after lex, Or is that just an excuse? Chloe's gonna understand. No, she won't. When i had jor-El bring back her memories, I asked him to leave out the ones about who i really am. You know everything she suffered through because of me. And not to give her away on her wedding day? It's not an option. Maybe lex hasn't made his move yet, but he will. He's more dangerous now than he ever was. Chloe may not know your secret anymore, But lex still does. Sorry i took so long. The warehouse was guarded. Well, it's a good thing the infamous red-Blue blur is faster than a speeding bullet. So, let's see it. Is that what this is about? Oliver, you told me you set aside your need for vengeance. I know how much you hate lionel luthor for what he did to your parents... "Did"? Clark, it's called "murder." You can't punish the son for the sins of the father. That's not what i'm doing. I remember when my dad died. I was so angry, i almost crossed a line that i could not come back from. I'm not gonna let you make the same mistake. Well, the truth is i'm going after lex for you. That's only half the truth, isn't it? Clark, come on, you know how dangerous this guy is. He may even know how to kill you. Why don't you just... give me the router? Okay, it's gonna take me a couple hours to download it, anyway. Well, you're gonna have plenty of time to eat cake And do the chicken dance before we even take off. No, i'm gonna keep this until after the wedding. If you're really doing this for me, oliver... You'll wait until i can go with you. What's with the fireworks? He took the router with him. Without that thing, i can't make my move. Well, put out the fuse, dude. Wifi. I downloaded the info while you two were having that lovers' spat. My god. I have too much to do to start crying, but you look breath taking. If it wasn't for you, i would look more like The bride of frankenstein than cinderella. What you did to this barn is absolutely amazing, lois. Gonna answer that? What's wrong? Nothing. It's davis bloome. He... He's been calling all day. You know, deep down, i know he's a really great guy. I just think he's a little confused. Last week, he kissed me, And he told me he wasn't gonna let me marry the wrong guy. Are you starting to have feelings for tall, dark, and scary? All i want is to walk down that aisle and marry the man i love. When did you know he was the one? Lois, don't worry. When you meet your super-Stud, you'll know. Please. This isn't about me. I need to get bitten by the love bug About as much as i need a bite from a black widow. - Do you have everything you need? - Almost. I have something old, something blue, something new, And i just need something borrowed to round out the tradition. When in trouble, leave it to clark kent to get you out of a jam. Let's see what we have here. What are you two girls doing? The bride needs something borrowed to take to the altar. How about she carry your piece of smallville's finest meteor rock down the aisle? Hey, why don't you put that away? I... I have a better idea. You gave that to me freshman year at the home coming dance. And you kept it all this time? I never throw away good memories. Thanks, smallville. Another pre-Wedding fire put out. If you're all set, you and i have to vamoose. It's almost high noon, and we have a showdown to get ready for. Goodbye, lex. Oliver queen? Lana?! So oliver queen moonlights as green arrow. Does clark know about you? I think i can safely say he knows more of my secrets than he does yours. You're not gonna tell me you're down here on vacation, - Fishing for marlin, are you? - We both know that two hours ago, More than 430,000 megagigs of luthorcorp ram And ethernet cables were running through this place. Well, sounds like weeach came here with a score to settle. I'd say you were aiming to settle more than a score. He leave this note for you or me? I'm not convinced lex is alive. Just because the king dies doesn't mean the entire empire crumbles overnight. I just followed the leads here to protect clark. Good. Because no one else seems too concerned that lex found out his secret. If you're on a trail, i can help you. Is this your version of help? 'Cause it seems a little personal to me. You're green arrow. You're better than this. You sound like clark. If we want to fight for the greater good, Maybe we all have to be a little more like clark. How is he? You know, he's giving chloe away at her wedding. Why don't you come find out? No, i can't. It's too complicated. She's your best friend... And it's her wedding day. I don't understand what's so complicated about that. You just said we need to be more like clark, right? Well, what would he do? Smallville, chop-Chop! Let's go! We can't have a wedding without the escort to give the bride away. Looks like you're ready. I have it all under control, except for these cuff links. They were my dad's, and i've never had to put them on before. Well, i guess you don't have much need for cuff links When you have a whole closet full of flannel shirts, farmer john? Big-City boy, let me give you a lesson. You just have to make sure this part sticks up straight, And then it slides right in. The ring? You can give that to jimmy when the minister signals. And here are his vows in case he forgets. "It's really hard for me... "To put my feelings into words, "But from the moment we met, I knew i wanted to spend the rest of my life with you." Jimmy's vows... They're really sweet. Yeah, he's a regular cyrano. Hey, guys. How about a testimonial before the ceremony? - Sure. - Great! All right. Now, be yourselves and just speak from the heart. Jimmy, chloe, i can't tell you how happy i am The two of you found each other. You're very lucky to be together. Chloe, i know you're not picking up because of what happened between us. But i need you to call me back. I don't know who i can trust. I've done something horrible. Didn't mean to scare you, pal. I saw your ambulance while i was doing my rounds. - Is everything okay back here? - Oh, yeah, yeah. It's just a... A false alarm. Probably a prank. Happens all the time. That's blood. I really need to go. Hold on. Sweet mary and joseph. What the hell did you put in there? What did you do? It's not my fault. I blacked out. I couldn't control it. Okay, listen to me. You need to go right now. I'm not going anywhere. And you aren't either, until the cops get here. Run! We'd now like to ask chloe's escort to join her on the dance floor. It's time to boogie. I know. It's weird, isn't it? A little. Thank you for letting us have our wedding here. Yeah, well... It's the least i could do. You were always the best friend i ever could have had. You say that like something's changed. Clark, trust me, we've been through too much together. Nothing is gonna make me forget that. You're right. The important thing is that your life is everything you want it to be. It is. It's like i've been carrying around this weight, And i don't know why, but a few days ago... I finally let go. Like i can move on. Okay, c.K. My turn to dance with my wife. Guess i can give these well-Heeled puppies a rest. No way, i can't believe it! Oh, my god! Great. Thank you. Want a glass with that? Oliver. Just the person i want to see right now. So, want to tell me what started this lost weekend? Go on and enjoy the party. Trust me, it'll be a real buzz-Kill to listen to me whine like patsy cline. Yeah, you're probably right. You know... I may not be at the top of your confidant list, But if you ever want to talk, i'm here. I'm just having all these feelings, and i don't know what they mean. Well, who's the lucky guy? Having this conversation with an ex is... Bad enough without turning up the awkward dial. Right. Well, you know, there's moving on in theory, And then there's the moment that it actually happens. If you like, we can start now, And i'll just be a really good friend. Okay. It's like i was going along, and it just snuck up on me. And i tried to ignore it, but then there are these moments that you can't. Maybe i was reading it wrong. And to add insult to injury, It all went down at tonight's tribute to romantic bliss. I know it sounds sappy... But i thought... Just for a minute... That someone needed me. Well, i'm sure he needs you, lois. That's sweet of you to say, but how do you know? 'Cause i know clark. Chloe's glad you came. I could have used some warning. You weren't planning on coming back, were you? Yeah, not until a few hours ago. So, what changed your mind? I'm not expecting you to say it was me. I read about the mysterious blur saving lives in metropolis. I'm proud of you, clark. It's who you should have been all along. Does that mean you're happy you left? It was the hardest decision i have ever had to make. But i'm glad that i finally had the guts to do it. I would have died before i admitted this, But i used to sit on my front porch and look across the field At this barn, imaging a summer wedding here. Of course, i always thought i'd play a bigger part in it. You probably would have if i had given you chloe's wedding gift. I had jor-El erase all the memories that chloe had of the real me. I wonder if that would have made things different between us. I understood the lies that you told me to protect your identity. But i could never forgive you for taking that away from me. You can't mean that. Lana, it turned your life upside down. Maybe it was exactly what it need. I could have landed a lot of places in my life, clark. But without you, none of them would have led me here. So that's it. It's all over. It's that easy? No. But where i am now, for the first time, it feels right. Clark, i know neither of us could say it... But maybe clark kent and lana lang just weren't meant to end up together. What was that? I'm okay. Go. Jimmy, don't! No! Jimmy, please, hold on. Please don't leave me. It's too late. That thing took chloe. Any word on chloe? No. But i'm meeting with oliver. He's using every satellite in his company To try to track down where that thing might have taken her. Are you all right? Clark, there's nothing more you can do for me. You don't need to stay. I know. I need to find chloe. Lois. How are you holding up? Jimmy's in bad shape. The nurse said they had him stabilized. But he's not out of the woods. He has severe internal bleeding. They're medevacing him to star city To one of the country's top surgeons. I'm gonna go with him. I'll stay there until i hear from... Why did this have to happen to her? Why do these terrible things keep happening all around us? I promise. We're gonna get chloe back.