I want you to be there on our wedding day to see what you lost. - Lana, we should be together. - I've had a change of heart. May I present to you mr. And mrs. Alexander luthor? I found my mom, clark. She's in a mental institution. I never felt rage like that before. You were angry before you ever heard of titan. How could she marry lex? I don't know, clark,but she made her choice. Mom? What could be more urgent than lex luthor developing an army of superfreaks? I'm some kind of meteor freak, aren't I? We don't know that. There were complications. - We lost the baby. - No. March 29,1995 Mom!Mom! Mom, mom, I want you to be the first to read it. "Long live the loch ness monster." Mr. Hedgis said it was my best story yet -- even better than the one about the alien abduction. Something tells me those aren't happy tears. What's wrong? I'm so proud of you... my little cub reporter. Chloe, I'm so --I'm so sorry. Wait. For what? You didn't do anything. It's time,mrs. Sullivan. Mom, who are those people? Where are you going? Mommy's just going on a little vacation. By yourself? Don't you worry. Your daddy's gonna take good care of you. But nobody goes on a vacation by themselves. When are you coming back? 12 Years Later I hope you're calling with good news, doctor. well*** *** Yeah, well, she wouldn't be the first freak who refused to show her true colors. Keep pressing. i*** I want answers. What do you want? Thanks, lex. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Smallville Season 06 Episode 18</font> Chloe? Hey, we were supposed to meet for coffee this morning. Yeah, I'm sorry. I guess I must have slept in. After a run in the mud? What -- did you forget to wipe your feet? All I remember is I was doing my dishes here at the apartment and then I'm waking up in bed. Maybe you're sleepwalking. Last night, possibly,but this isn't the first time this has happened. Two days ago,I was typing on my computer at the daily planet, and then, boom, I'm waking up at home the next morning. Clark, do you think maybe something's starting to happen to me, like in a krypto-freak kind of way? Hey, don't reporters usually deal in facts, not jumping to conclusions? Yeah, I know. It's just that ever since I found out that I'm a member of the meteor-infected masses, I've been seriously and secretly freaking out. I don't blame you. You don't have to go through this alone, all right? Come on, I'll give you a ride to work. Okay. Lex, what happened? I was in a little fender bender last night. Why didn't you wake me? Lana, you've been dealing with so much lately. I wanted to let you sleep. It seems like you're not sleeping much anyway. I haven't told anyone yet. Somehow, saying I lost the baby out loud makes it more real. I know. I'm hurting as much as you are. The last sonogram, the baby was perfectly healthy. Lana, I promise,give it time, and we'll have a house full of beautiful children. What if there's something wrong with me? What if that's why I lost the baby? You can't do that to yourself. Dr. Albright told us,1/3 of all pregnancies miscarry with no rhyme or reason. I want a complete checkup. I want every test possible to find out what went wrong. Absolutely. I'll make an appointment immediately. Now, you get some rest. Chloe, when you blacked out at the planet, do you remember what you were working on? Just a story about tree planting in circle park. I mean,nothing controversial. Is that lex's car out there? Let's go see what's going on. Chloe, no offense, but I think lex can get his own aaa. Something doesn't seem right. Let's turn around. Come on. Looks like the police got here before lex's cleanup crew could mop up. That luthorcorp security guard just grabbed his cellphone. It's time to perk up those ears. Jackson, what do you got? I searched the car and surrounding areas. The flash drive is gone,mr. Luthor. Whoever ran you off the road must have taken it. Okay. Bye. What is it? Lex didn't crash by himself. He had a little help. And whoever it is stole his flash drive. Do we know who racer "x" is? No, but their vision's only 20/20. What's that? What's what?Did you find lex's flash drive? Did you just -- I found something. It's a button. That's my button. Chloe, either this is some bizarre coincidence, or you -- I was here last night. Do the math, clark. The muddy boots,the missing button.It's me. I'm the road warrior. Chloe, before you throw the book at yourself, there's probably another explanation. Can you explain this? Let's face it. I'm guilty as charged. Chloe, whatever you did, you clearly weren't yourself. CONFIDENTIAL There's onlyne document on here, and it's a krypto-freak's case file. Is there a name? It just lists an I.D. Number. With a serious ability. They're suspected of being able to control meteor freaks. Look, whoever this is, I think they controlled me. Chloe, of all the people in the world, why would they choose you to run lex off the road? Date of birth --september 20, 1960. Born in granville, kansas. Oh, my god, clark. That's my mom. I want to see my daughter. You'll get to see chloe. We just need to take things slowly. The drug you've been given is still in its experimental stage. We wouldn't want your ability to throw you back into a catatonic state. Whatever ability you think I have is a figment of your imagination. In your medical file,you claimed you committed yourself because you had the power to control your daughter. Whenever you touched one of her possessions, you could make her do whatever you wanted. I was sick, mentally ill. Whatever I said was the product of a delusional mind. Delusions don't short-circuit your brain. You can thank your incredible power for that. And maybe -- maybe it's wishful thinking, but I'm willing to bet you can use that power to control others just like her. Whatever connection I have to chloe is because I'm her mother. We have a bond. You certainly do. You both happen to have traces of meteor rock in your bloodstream. I have to see chloe. Of course. I'm not one to stand in the way of a mother-daughter reunion. I just need you to demonstrate your powers for me. There's nothing to demonstrate. I've never been able to control anyone but chloe. Well, I suppose there's a first time for everything. Chloe, wasn't your mom catatonic the last time you saw her? Look, I don't often play late-night bumper cars. She was obviously controlling me. The question is why. We don't know anything for sure yet. My mom can manipulate krypto-freaks, and whether we want to admit it or not, I'm part of that demographic. Hi.Chloe sullivan. I'm here to see my mother,moira sullivan. Did you not understand us the first time? You were asked never to come back here. I'm sorry. There must be some sort of mistake. She hasn't been here for months. Your friend created a huge scene yesterday. We don't want a repeat performance. Well, there's no matinee scheduled. I just want to see my mom. Security's on its way. I suggest you leave before they have to escort you out. My mother is here. You can't prevent her from seeing her own mom. Chloe, come here. Clark, what are you doing? I'm not gonna let them tell me -- just wait for me outside.Trust me. Time for a little show-and-tell,mrs. Sullivan. What do you want from me? Give her all you got,lowell. Stop. Sit down. I already told him. I'm here to pick up my mother. Apparently,per her doctor's orders, moira sullivan's been transferred. Without notifying me? - You'll have to ask her psychiatrist. - Fine.Where is he? I'm afraid he's out of town at a conference. - You're lying. - You can't go in there. Security! I can't believe I did that. Your mom must have sent you to the sanitarium for help. She didn't know she had already been transferred. So, she had me steal lex's flash drive so I could find out where she really was. Well, either way, she's sending out an S.O.S. We got it loud and clear.Let's go talk to lex. I swear to you, I never knew I could control anyone else. Come on. You're more talented than you give yourself credit for. And now it's time to put those talents to good use. This man is a violent psychopath. Good for him. What does that have to do with me? He escaped from this facility last night. I need you to send him back here. I am not going to be used. Really? See, I had this notion that seeing your daughter was a high priority. But considering you were able to abandon her when she needed you the most,maybe not. I know what it's like to lose my mother, mrs. Sullivan. You don't get over it. Bring this man back to me... and I'll make sure you see your daughter. This belongs to him. Find lex luthor. Then kill him. - Where's lex luthor? - Who are you? Tell me where he is. You shouldn't have done that. - Lana? - Clark,she needs a doctor. We got to get her to the hospital right away. What about him? I can handle him. Clark, she's pregnant.Go. Now. What the hell are you doing? Believe me,I can pull this trigger a lot faster than you can flinch. The last thing I remember, I was running on the train tracks. And when you woke up, your memory was gone. You know my mother. Moira sullivan --where is she? I don't know who you're talking about. I was kept in this facility with a bunch of other people with powers. Where is the facility? Well, the good news is, there's no sign of a concussion. But because of your recent miscarriage, I would like to run a few tests just to be safe. - Thank you. - Okay. Lana? I heard what happened.Are you okay? I guess that depends on your definition. Is the baby all right? I lost it a few days after the wedding. You're the first person I've told. I'm so sorry. I feel like I've lost so much... ...that having this baby would change things,but... now that it's gone... ...this isn't the life that I wanted. Does this have anything to do with what happened the day of your wedding? You told me you weren't gonna marry lex, and then, all of a sudden,somehow... something changed your mind.What was it? It was just wedding-day jitters,that's all. Lana... it was more than that. I can help you. You don't need to be afraid.Whatever you need -- clark, I need you to stop worrying about me. It's okay, really. I'm going to get through this like I always do. When my wife ends up in the hospital, that means you've made a grave mistake. I didn't mean for anyone else to get hurt. I just wanted you to suffer. Well, clearly chloe gets her brazenness from her mother's side. But as meddlesome as she can be, I've actually come to admire her. That's what makes this so difficult. You stay away from my daughter. Oh, it's too late for that. Clark? Clark? Clark? - Hey. How's lana? - She's okay. What'd you find out? My mom was playing simon says with that guy at the mansion,which means she's desperate. He told mewhere I could find her. Can we trust him? Well, there is an old, abandoned hospital on paper mill road, just like he said,and it's owned by -- luthorcorp. It's probably another 33.1 franchise. I was gonna go check it out, but I thought it would be more wise for me to come get my army of one. Chloe, get out of smallville, sweetheart, as fast as you can. - Where you going? - I have to leave. - Chloe -- - let me go, clark. I have to leave town. I'm not letting you go anywhere. What's going on? It's your mom trying to control you again. Oh, my god. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm just dizzy. - Can you get me a glass of water? - Yeah. Sorry, clark,but I have no choice. Please...don't do this. It's the only way I'll be able to get out of smallville. STOP - I need to get through. - Sorry, miss. No.You don't understand. I need to leave town right now. I'm afraid we're gonna have to reroute you. What are you -- Mom? Mom! Chloe. You're even more beautiful than I remember. I can't believe you're awake and you're talking. I thought I'd never get to speak to you again. Honey,you shouldn't be here. This is all my fault. No, it's not. You needed my help. You're suffering because of what I made you do, just like when you were little. What? Remember when you were 8 and you hurt your hands? Yeah, how could I forget? I had to wear those bandages for weeks. You know, I've never played kickball since then. You didn't hurt your hand playing kickball. You came home from school, and your hands were all covered in ink. So, I told you to go wash your hands, and instead, you -- you went to play with your computer. I was so frustrated. I sent you to go wash your hands and scrub them till all the ink was gone. Mom, what are you saying? I found you in the bathroom. There was blood everywhere. You had scrubbed your hands raw. That's why I left -- to protect you from me. And now I have to protect you from lex luthor. This man that brought you here -- he knows you're infected. You have to get out of here. No. We have to get out of here. Mom, you can control people with powers. Is there anyone in here whose ability could free us? I'd love to. Yes, lunch before the meeting is perfect. Okay. Bye-bye. Clark! Sweetie, wake up! Clark! - Mom? - Oh, baby. No more experiments. Keep walking. Help! I need help in here, please! Help! My mom -- she's sick.She needs a doctor. What's wrong? I don't know,but you have to help her. Hey! Hey!What the hell? Mom! Mom! Protect me and my daughter.Set us free. Stop! Hold it right there. Mom! Chloe! Go! Get out of here! Take her back to the cell. Chloe, whatever you have to do,get out now. Lex, get out of my way. I'm sorry.I can't do that. Don't let your mother make you do something you'll later -- Hey!I brought sandwiches. I don't know which ones you like, mom, so I bought one of each. I don't think your mom's hungry. Have you talked to oliver? He said that he would set up a safe place for her to stay in star city. Chloe,we have a problem. Mom? Mom? I-I wanted to see a blue sky... one last time. Well, there will be plenty of blue skies where you're going, mom. You're not gonna be locked inside anymore. Sweetheart... ...I'm slipping back. The drug that lex used on your mom -- it only lasts 24 hours, or else she won't stay lucid. Chloe, she doesn't have much time left. Well, I'll go talk to lex. I'll make a deal with him. No.No deals with that man. I can't allow it. Mom, I already lost you once. I'm not gonna do it again. If this drug is out there, I can get it, trust me. I have some pretty amazing resources at my disposal. Being with you again. ...It's the greatest gift I could have ever been given. But I'm dangerous, chloe. No, mom.That's not true. My ability to control people with powers, it's like I'm a human weapon. And I-I can't --I can't allow it. But, mom, it doesn't have to be like this. My little cub reporter. This... this belongs... ...to you. No, mom. Please. Please don't go, mom -- not yet, not again. I... ...love you... ...chlo-- chloe. I love you, too, mom. "Luthorcorp crimesagainst humanity." That's catchy. Too bad it'll never make it to print. Lex, I'm tired of playing hardball or softball or any ball,for that matter. Game's over. I'll tell you, your audacity's impressive, chloe, especially given your recent late-night activities. What? You don't remember? You ran my car off the road a few nights ago. Investigators have boot prints, hair fibers,samples of the mud found in your apartment. *** How many years do you get for aggravated assault -- 10, 20? For what you've done, they're gonna throw away the key. What I've done? You don't have a shred of proof about any of this,and you never will. But rest assured, the evidence I have against you is locked away safe and secure. Make that article disappear, and you'll remain a free woman. Deal? My mother sacrificed everything to protect the world from scum like you. And if taking you down means spending some quality time behind bars,sign me up. You know, I thought you might say that. That's why there's a plan "b" firmly in place... ...a plan that makes prison look like a picnic. SMALLVILLE MEDICAL CENTER Well, now, mrs. Luthor. I did an extensive battery of tests, and actually,I found something quite troubling. What is it?What's wrong? Did you give yourself injections, or did you take pills? I took prenatal vitamins.That's it. Vitamins don't cause fatigue,nausea, and the suspension of your menstrual cycle. Synthetic hormones do. Synthetic hormones?What do you mean? That's what we found in your bloodstream. That's what you took to fake a pregnancy and to force a marriage to a billionaire. When you stopped taking them, it appeared as if you'd simply miscarried, didn't it? I don't understand. I saw the sonograms.I saw my baby. I don't know whose baby you saw, but I can assure you,it wasn't yours. I was never pregnant. - Hey. - Hey. You okay? How you doing? it's just so unfair. I mean, she's never gonna be able to read any of the articles I've written, you know, or meet jimmy. She's never gonna get to know the person that I've become. It's a good thing I told her. You did? After I brought your mom to oliver's apartment, I gave her the complete chloe sullivan bio. She was so proud. That's something no one can ever take away. Lex came to talk to me, clark. Basically, he said it's either kill or be killed. The story or me. He threatened you? I'm in his cross hairs. Yeah, well,now he's in mine. Think about lana. We can't do anything to him until we know she's safe. You're right. He'd feed her to the lions just to spite me. But it's inevitable. The war's about to begin. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-addychristen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Smallville Season 06 Episode 18</font> if christopher reeve was a real-life superman, then dana reeve would be his lois lane. Dana symbolized hope to the millions living with paralysis through her tireless work on behalf of the caregiver community. The christopher and dana reeve foundation remains committed to dana's work but needs your help. Be a superhero to those with paralysis by visiting christopherreeve.Org and purchasing a pair of superman tags engraved with the superman logo and the foundation's slogan,"go forward."