I heard you were going back to Smallville tomorrow. Yeah, Smallville. How's it going? You tell me. You've been here five months. You've come a long way. Your body has done a lot of healing. Except for my hands. They'll never get better and I'll never draw again... ...and that's the only thing I was ever good at. You suffer severe nerve damage. It's lucky you have movement in your hands. -I did everything I could, you know that. -Really? Is that what you told the five patients who filed malpractice suits against you? Now, I can understand your still being angry... ...but blaming me isn't gonna change your condition. You were in an accident and you have to accept that. I was in a hit-and-run. You know, when I was your age, I wanted to be a violinist. So I applied to the Conservatory, but I failed the audition. The instructor told me that I had the hands of a surgeon... ...and that's why I moved into medicine. As one door closes... ...another one opens. You're young, you'll find something new. Goodbye, Justin. Have a nice life, Dr. Wells. Rene, honey, I'm sorry. -Another ungrateful patient? -Aren't they all? -So you think he'll sue? -He doesn't have any proof. He's alive, he should be thanking me. What's going on? You okay? Get us out of here! Hurry up! Come on! Get us out of here now. Get us out of here now! Hurry up! Come on! -Help! -Help us! That's it. -Give me a hand up. -All right. Okay, grab my hands. I see you in a uniform flying. Have you ever considered a career in the Air Force? I'll think about it. What are you smiling about? I landed a summer job at Mayor Siegel's working on his re-election campaign. I thought you were helping your mom at the court. Judge Ross can get some KSU students to schlep her files. Who wants to hang out with their parents all summer? -Yeah. -Sorry, Clark. Did you notice Kwan's son down at the Air Force booth? Growing up with Kwan, the Air Force would seem like Club Med. -Wow, you look nice. -Thanks, I was going for professional. Did you know the Daily Planet only takes four high school interns from the state?</i> -You're a shoo-in, Chloe. -Tell him that. He said they received over 500 applicants last year. -I doubt I'll get an interview. -There's always the Inquisitor.</i> -Didn't Lex offer to hook you up? -I'm interning at the Planet.</i> I don't care if it's delivering coffee. Why don't you try again Saturday when you're in Metropolis? Why are you going to Metropolis? We're going to Metropolis, Clark. The student journalism conference? You were supposed to sign us up. I know you didn't forget. It's too late to get in. Sorry. I've been at the Talon all week with Lana working on a history project. -Everything else becomes less important. -Whoa, that's not true. How much time have we spent together in three weeks? -We see each other every day. -It was 45 minutes. My car broke down... ...outside the Talon and you gave me a ride home. -I had to tear you away from Lana. -Don't you think you're being unfair? No! Whenever Lex and Lana are around, no one else exists. Wait, Chloe, why are you being so hypersensitive? Most men are from Mars, but you're from a distant galaxy I've never heard of. I know I screwed up, but why is Chloe having a breakdown? -You're not the most observant person. -What are you talking about? She wanted to spend a day with you. She was gonna ask you to the spring formal. Yeah, but that'd be like.... Date? Maybe if you took off your Lana blinders, you'd realize Chloe likes you. Clark, I'm not interested in an apology. -Not the welcome I was expecting, hi. -Hey! How are you? It's good to see you. When did you get back? Yesterday. I just wanted to thank you, by the way, for sending all those emails. -They got me through a tough time. -I'm sure lots of people kept in touch. For most of my friends, it was out of sight, out of mind. I know the feeling. So when can you start drawing your cartoon again? Everybody's been waiting for the further adventures of the flaming crow's feet. Unfortunately my drawing hand's kind of shot. -Oh, I'm sorry. -It's okay. I'm in the process of re-evaluating my life. So listen, is there any chance that maybe I could buy you a cup of coffee... ...or one of those nonfat, no-foam lattes that you like? Yeah, why not? I'm in the process of re-evaluating my life too. Let's go. What are you doing here? I'm here for the same reason you are. -The anniversary of her death. -It's been nine years. Why the sudden burst of sentimentality? I deserve that, just disappearing from your life. I'm sure all that LuthorCorp stock my mother left you helped. Is that what your father told you? All those years I thought you loved me. But you were just in it for the money. I know you're angry and you have every right to be, but we need to talk. I can't believe there's anything you'd say that would interest me. Goodbye, Pamela. This one's my favorite strip. -Really. -Yes. Hey, guys. -Hey. -You know Justin. Yeah. Of course, welcome back. How are you feeling? Oh, just kind of taking it one day at a time. Did they find the driver who hit you? No. No, I couldn't give the police much. I didn't remember anything for a long time. Well, what do you remember? -A little bit of the license plate. DDI. -Well, we should look into it. -Call the police. -lf we find something, we'll pass it on. Okay. Anyway, I talked to Lex. He scored us two tickets to the conference. Don't worry about it. Justin's signed up so I'm going as his guest. -Yeah, or we could all go together. -No. Clark's not that interested in journalism anyway. Right, okay. I should probably get going, listen-- Thank you. -Hi. -Hey, Clark. Is your mom around? -I wanted to order more of her pies. -She's in class, I can help you. I thought you'd be helping Chloe proof the latest edition. -She had enough help. -Are you two still fighting? Who said we were fighting? Kind of caught it yesterday at the career fair. What's going on with you two? Chloe likes me. So how do you feel about her? Like maybe we could be more than friends. -I saw her with Justin. I got kind of-- -Jealous? It's like you find out this secret and it colors everything. Just can't believe I never saw it before. Sometimes the right person can be in front of your eyes and you never know. -So how many pies did you want? -A dozen. How's Whitney? I hear his dad's feeling better. He's great. Everything okay? Never better. Good luck. I hope things work out with Chloe. Me too. Bye. Damn it. Pete. -Hey. -Hey, you seen Chloe? Not since English. She's probably hanging out with Justin. -What do you think about that guy? -He seems pretty cool. Never got to know him that well before, he was always buried in a sketchpad. Chloe seems to like him. Careful, Clark, you almost sound a little jealous. I'm not jealous, I'm concerned. Why, because Chloe's falling for a nice guy? It's got me worried too. Look. Justin had this in his portfolio yesterday. "Going Down. Doctor Loses Hands in Freak Accident." -So? -That was Justin's doctor. Don't you think it's weird he's carrying that? I liked the tragic irony. You always talk about people behind their backs? -Justin, I didn't mean-- -Yes, you did. I start spending time with Chloe, suddenly you realize she exists and want me out? -Chloe and I are just friends. -You had your chance with her. Now you let me have mine. What the hell are you doing here? I wanted to see what kind of young man you'd grown into. A very busy one. So if there's nothing else-- We were close once, Alexander, you were like a son to me. You were an employee. You were paid to watch me while... ...my mother's health failed and my father crisscrossed the globe on business. I loved you like my own. After the meteor shower, I was the one who never looked at you differently. Just because you knew me at a vulnerable point... ...doesn't give you the right to waltz back in a decade later. Things have changed. I've changed. What do you want from me? I want you to know what really happened. -You lied to my mother on her deathbed. -No, I didn't. I had every intention of staying, but your father sent me away. After the funeral, he called me into his office and told me... ...if I ever had contact with you again that he would disinherit you. Why would he do that? Because he wanted you to be his son, not hers. So why show up now? Does the statute of limitations on my father's threat expire? I needed to see if you'd found a way to be true to yourself... ...in spite of Lionel's efforts. And to be honest, I wanted your forgiveness. I'm afraid you'll have to find a way to grant it to yourself. Goodbye, Alexander. I wish everything sold as well as your mom's organic apple pies. -Every little bit helps. -Hey, Clark. -Hey, Whitney, how's your dad? -On the mend. Happy to be home. Hey. Keep Saturday night free. Got two tickets to Our Town at the Metropolis Playhouse.</i> -Wow. What inspired you to do that? -Saw you reading it at school. Thought I might start making up for some lost time. -See you. -Bye. Whitney has paid more attention to me in the last two weeks than he has all year. Have you talked to him about it? He's seemed so happy ever since his dad got better. -He wants to pick up where we left off. -How do you feel about that? After Mr. Fordman got sick, Whitney needed me. Kind of defined our relationship. Now we need to redefine it. There's a lot of that going on. -How are things with Chloe? -Unresolved. What are you gonna do? I don't know, just don't want to lose a friend in the process. Once you've crossed that line, you can't go back. Chloe gave that same advice about someone else. What happened? -Decided to stay friends. -Do you regret that decision? Yeah. I let that moment slip away and I don't think I'll ever get it back. I don't want to make that same mistake twice. Hey. I just emailed the partial license plate details of your hit-and-run... ...to my contact at the DMV. I told him to start with cars in the county. He said that he would fax me whatever information he found. Wow. Oh, here, it took me all night. Oh, wow. -It's beautiful. -Well, so are you. Did you know that after that car hit me and I was lying in the road... -...I kept picturing your face? -Me? Why me? Because I always had the biggest crush on you. And I was too afraid to do anything. I thought, here I am about to die... ...and I'm never gonna get the chance to tell her how I feel. But when you started emailing me when I was in the hospital... ...I knew that this was my chance and I wasn't going to let you get away twice. I fought my way back for you. What just happened? -Can you keep an open mind? -Sure. Something happened to me after the accident... ...and when I was in the hospital I found that I could move things. -With my mind. -Like telekinesis? Am I freaking you out? Believe it or not, I have seen stranger things. Because I don't want to end up on your wall. Don't worry, you won't. Now, let's make everything float again. Hey, Chloe, can l--? -Can I talk to you outside for a second? -Yeah, sure, Clark. -I'll be right back. -Okay. Don't you think this Justin thing is moving a little too fast? We've been emailing for six months. I know him better than I know you. -Did he say what happened to his doctor? -No. But he did tell me that you were talking about him behind his back. -I was just looking out for you, Chloe. -What's with you, Clark? Do you have some savior complex? If I'm in trouble you'll rescue me. Other than that you're emotionally unavailable. I just don't want you getting involved with Justin because you're mad at me. Believe it or not, Clark, my world does not revolve around you. Why can't you accept that I've found someone special... ...and unlike you, I'm willing to take a chance? Just tell me one thing, was it easy to lie to everybody? -Justin? What are you doing here? -Reliving old memories. I think you should go home. I was only halfway across the crosswalk when your car came barreling around. Hit me so hard, it felt like I'd been broken in half. I don't know what you're talking about. I remember lying in the street, blood dripping into my eyes... ...watching your taillights disappear. You didn't even bother to stop. It wasn't me. It started in the hospital. Maybe as a way to compensate for the motor skills I'd lost in my hands. I was immobilized in a total body cast. Then I found that I could move things just by thinking. But that didn't replace what I'd lost. Because nothing could ever do that. Justin, stop it! Do you know what it feels like to be hit by a 2000-pound car? Hey, Lex, what are you doing here so late? Came to talk to your parents about the settlement. What are you reading? Men are From Mars, Women are From Venus?</i> I'm trying to get an insight into the female psyche. I seriously doubt you'll find it in here. What's the problem? I've got these two amazing friends who both happen to be girls. For argument's sake, let's call them Lana and Chloe. I've always liked Lana, but I could never get near her. I found out that Chloe likes me, I may have feelings for her too. Which one do you want to pursue? I want to protect my friendship with both. Then you'll never get either one. Thanks. Think I'll stick with the book. Clark, love isn't about playing it safe, it's about risks. Unless you put yourself out there, you'll never know. -Have you ever been in love before? -I've only loved two women in my life. -One died and the other betrayed me. -I'm sorry. Some people are meant to be alone. -Mom, what is it? -It's Principal Kwan. He was killed in an accident. -Hey, guys. How are you holding up? -I still can't believe this happened. Putting together a memorial issue but when you're looking for pictures... ...you never find them. Pete, can you check the library files? One more time? -Sure. -Thank you. Got Kwan's police report. His car was still on, it must have slipped into gear. -Chloe, are you okay? -Yeah, I'm fine. -I can't find anything in this office! -Let me help. No, thank you. Chloe, look at this. The first three numbers of Kwan's license plate match Justin's hit-and-run driver. -What are you getting at? -Well... ...there's a lot of weird accidents around this guy. Clark, you are seriously barking up the wrong tree here. Did you get a response from the DMV? -No, it never came through. -Yes, you did. 4:43 yesterday. Around the time you were here with Justin. -He couldn't have done it. -Because you like him? No, because I know him and I know he wouldn't hurt anyone. I hope you're right. "I celebrate myself and what I assume you shall assume." "For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you." Sounds like a description of family, doesn't it? Not ours. Since when do you read poetry? We're selling Cadmus Labs, Lex. Our deal memo gives me 50 percent ownership with veto rights. I don't recall you asking my opinion. We only bought Cadmus to bankrupt Sir Harry. After we pumped and dumped the stock, the company's worthless. It served its purpose. You didn't come all this way to talk about Cadmus. I understand Pamela's back in the States. -And that she paid you a visit. -Did you come to disinherit me? -Is that what she told you? -Is it true? Your mother was an extraordinary woman. But her taste in help left a lot to be desired. Pamela was a hanger-on. She convinced your mother to leave her all that stock, then... ...she disappeared before the body was even cold. You took time out of your busy schedule to tell me that? I know how much she meant to you and I don't want her using emotional tyranny... -...to hit you up for money. -Why would she do that? She's got plenty of stock. Probably she doesn't want to sell it to pay her medical bills. What medical bills? -She didn't tell you. How noble. -Tell me what? She's dying, Lex. Cancer. Probably all those years sitting in the sun in Saint-Tropez. -What does she want? -Forgiveness. And what did you tell her? To get out. No. She doesn't know you very well, does she? What are you doing in here? Danny, I'm really sorry about what happened to your dad. I don't understand what happened. He had the car keys with him. It's like something just smashed the car right into him. Danny, did you know a Justin Gaines? Do you know if he came by here last night? No, why? I think Justin believes your father was responsible for the accident. That's crazy. You should leave. He matched part of your dad's license plate to the hit-and-run driver's. Is there a chance Justin's right? My dad didn't deserve this. Your dad wasn't the one driving the car, was he? You're the one who hit Justin. My dad... ...he was just trying to protect me. Chloe? -My mom said you were here. -Oh, I wanted to surprise you. I didn't see you at school today. Did you hear about Principal Kwan? -I did. That's really weird, right? -Yeah. I guess you never know when your time's up. Which is why I think we should make the most of the time that we have. -What's the matter? -Nothing. I forgot, I just remembered... ...I told Clark I'd meet him at his house. For someone that is out of the picture, you sure spend a lot of time with him. Don't worry. Today I plan on telling him exactly what's going on between us. You did the right thing, Clark. Convincing Danny to turn himself in. -His father's dead. He's going to jail. -Some secrets destroy families. Clark, Chloe's on the phone, she sounds really freaked out. -Chloe, what's up? -I've been calling all over the place. I really screwed up, Justin is involved, you were right. -Well, calm down. Where are you? -In your barn.</i> I haven't been completely honest with you, Clark. I know how Justin caused those accidents. Chloe? Chloe! Justin? How could you betray me? How could you betray what we had together? Oh, no! That's what I love about you, Chloe. You're a fighter. I'm sorry. I didn't want it to end like this. -How did you do that? -You killed the wrong man. -You're lying. -His son just turned himself in. -He was the one who hit you. -That is not true! You said you cared about Chloe. How many people are you willing to kill? Just one more. You've really got to stick those landings, Clark. You can't win, Justin. Chloe, are you okay? -You're the last person I expected. -Why didn't you tell me? -It's not your concern. -It's not my concern that you're dying? -I could help, I can get you treatment. -I didn't come to you for help or pity... ...I came because I have nothing left to lose. The truth is, I'm ashamed that it took metastasizing to give me the courage. I let that bastard frighten me into submission for so long. I was too scared to even tell you just once how much you mean to me. How much I wanted to help you grow up. I wish you had. I might be a better man. The fact that you're here speaks volumes about the man that you are. Your mother would be proud. -I really miss her. -So do I. -I just spoke to Justin's parents. -How's he doing? He's in the psychiatric ward. The police don't know what to charge him with... ...but at least he won't hurt anybody. So should we do the "I told you so" part or is my perennial bad judgment implicit? Chloe, I wish I were wrong. What is it with me? I can spot Wall of Weird material from a mile away... ...but put it in front of me and I'm oblivious. You're not oblivious, you're trusting. You're strong enough to take risks with your emotions. I wish I were as brave as you. I still have those tickets to the journalism convention. It'd be a good chance for us to spend some time together. Okay, it's a date. Whitney, we need to talk. What is it? What happened? It's my dad.