and then the rest of the planet. I am not going to hurt anyone. You have no free will. And you're destined to become what you really are. Doomsday. No way! I can't believe it! I thought, just for a minute, someone needed me. Well, i'm sure he needs you. How do you know? 'cause i know clark. Great! Thank you! Nice to be back! Lois! Are you kidding me?! Now you show up? The one time i actually depend on you, and you flake on picking me up from the airport. I'm really sorry. Sorry?! Sorry doesn't buy back the last three hours i spent ... standing in a downpour... ...watching cheesy curbside reunions. I can explain. You e-mailed last night to say you'd be there. What, do i need to tie a string around your finger myself? But i got held up a-at work. I finished one thing, lois, and something else would come up. You're a reporter, smallville. You're not saving the world. I know. I should've called. Look, i get it. You have other things on your mind. I don't expect to be the person at the top of your priority list. Clark kent. He can save an entire city in the blink of an eye, but when it comes to ladies, the red-blue blur still drives with the brakes on. Linda lake. What are you doing here? Watching you. Impressive as always. You're a murderer. You should be in prison. The police cleared my name. Besides, there's no prison sentence worse than where i've been ... circling the drain of obscurity. I'm a nobody, kent. Two years living underground dried up my prophetic pen. But i'm ready to make another splash. Haven't your stories ruined enough lives? Oh, no. It's different this time. I want to be the voice of the red-blue blur. Every rescue, every takedown, every kitten that you rescue from a tree, you leak the story to me first. My name will be known alongside yours on papers around the globe. Chloe was right ... you are crazy. I prefer ambitious. In fact, i spent a few hours of my morning... writing your life story. Partner with me, i'll shred it. You turn your back on me, and the whole world reads about little orphan alien. We've gone through this before. I'll stop you. Not this time. You'll make a great headline, kent. Smallville 815 Presynchro : Flolo Transcript : yyets.net For seriessub.com Hey, can i raid your dvd collection? Jimmy's being transferred to met gen, and i don't think he's into a chick flick. You okay? Linda lake is back. What? I thought that water snake slithered back into her swamp. If i don't give her an exclusive scoop on all my saves, she's gonna expose me ... my name, my face, everything. Oh, my god. Okay... well, the h20 has obviously gone to her head, and we need to figure out a way to kill that story once and for all. She's got a backup plan, chloe. Whether we stop her or not, she's still gonna release my identity. So i'm going public... on my terms. Whoa. Clark. Okay, i realize that after lana left, you really buried yourself in patrol duty, and there's nothing wrong with that, but to come out waving the flag... i mean, that's huge. Chloe, i always thought that i would live in secret forever. But you convinced me that jimmy's picture of the red-blue blur was a symbol of hope. Didn't have an address or a family or a face. I mean, are you sure that you're ready to have all of your intimate details made into the banner headline? Well, i don't have a choice. At least this way, i can control the way my story comes out in the press. Right, because the paparazzi e paparazzi are famous for respecting people's privacy. Clark... we can stop her. There's always a way. No, chloe, this time is different. I mean, even if i agree to be linda lake's puppet, eventually she will stab me in the back and expose me. I need to stay one step ahead of her, not only for me but for everyone else's sake. Even in a world this advanced, people are still pretty backwards when it comes to accepting change. I know, chloe, but when the red and blue blur hit the front page, people accepted it. And maybe they're ready to accept me. There could be an upside to all this, you know. For the first time in my life, i may actually be able to be myself. Can i ask you what you're doing? Davis bloome ... i'm one of the, uh, emts. I've never seen you before. Well, i've been out for a few weeks. Do you want to explain this? I'm just restocking my rig. Antipsychotics used for multiple personalties. Yeah, not exactly your latest designer drug, is it? I'm sorry. I hope whoever it's for, they get the help they need. Trust me, so do i. Can i talk to you? Wow. What is that noise? Is someone talking? Lois, you can't ignore me forever. Could be worse ... you could be ignored in a three-hour downpour. I want you to write my story. No offense, but i've long since graduated from the "lonely seeking lonely" or classifieds. It's a pretty interesting one. Clark, i'm busy here. You may have forgotten about me, but the news world didn't. After the story you're about to write, it never will. What story? I didn't forget to pick you up at the airport, lois. The reason i wasn't there is because i was protecting people. I'm the red-blue blur. That's the best you can do? That thing that saved you from the speeding car, that was me. That time the barn door flew off its hinges, you thought it was a weather anomaly. I did that. Yeah, right. What'd you do ...  sneeze? Actually... clark, next time you liquid-lunch, take the rest of the day off. Let me help you with that. Guess i should stop calling you "smallville." You're speechless. That's never a good thing. The disappearing acts, the half-baked excuses... all this time, i just coughed it up to a classic case of peter pan syndrome, but... ...you're the opposite. You're like... ...a hero? Look, lois, this is a lot to take in... all at once, but i wanted you to hear it from me before you heard it from anyone else. So, why am i the first one you told? Actually, lois, you're not. Lana and chloe already know. Someone's had a busy morning. They've known for years. Right. Of course. Start at the beginning. What guns you got in your arsenal? Guess i might as well just throw it all out there. I can blast fire out of my eyes. Okay. I can hear a dog barking from 10 miles away. I can see through solid objects, and i can run faster than the speed of sound. Wait. Rewind. Expand on your whole... "see through things" thing. No, lo...  i... look, i have to focus. How did i not put these pieces together? I mean, i lived with you, and now we practically work on top of each other. I mean, have i been high this entire time? The important thing is that you know now. And there's no better reporter to tell my story than you. Would you do me the honor? Consider it done. Tomorrow's front page will tell the tale of the red-and-blue, meteor-infected hero. About the meteors... we should talk about where i'm from. Your money's no good here. For 50 years, i've watched this city get eaten alive by crime. But you picked us up, kent. You reminded everybody what it means to be good again. Excuse me, mr. Kent. Can i get your autograph? Sure. There you go. I like your outfit. Thanks! He's so dreamy! Oh, my god! Wow, red-blue blur. Oh, i want his autograph! All right! He is sexy! That guy? Hey, clark! Catch! I'll fall for you any day, clark. You can't just do that. It's not... that's clark! No way! You guys see that?! You may have scooped me, but i will have the last word. You don't understand. There has to be a room available. My husband's being transferred here now. I confirmed yesterday. Yesterday, our parking lots weren't full of paparazzis, and our hallways weren't full of rubbernecking fans. It's not fair to our other patients. It's not fair to jimmy. I'm sorry, but we can't run a hospital when everybody's clamoring for pictures. Of a guy in a neck brace? A guy in a neck brace married to the alien's best friend. Davis. When did you get back? Chloe. Hey. Uh, just a few days ago. I think we should talk about what happened. You remember? Well, it's kind of hard to forget. I mean... you kissed me. Right, yeah. Uh... yeah, i'm assuming that that's what all the phone calls were about. I sort of deleted the messages without listening. Yeah, well, you didn't miss much. I-it was basically a long, rambling, awkward apology. Look, i-i wasn't blowing you off. It's just that with jimmy's recovery and then losing a chunk of my memory after the wedding from hell, i was ... yeah, okay. See, this is exactly why i went out of town. I need to give you some space. No space is necessary. Davis, look, let's just forget that this ever happened. The problem is i can't seem to do that. You have been nothing but a good friend to me. I just ...  i don't think that will ever be enough. So i take it friendship's off the table? Chloe, a friendship like ours... it can be dangerous. I guess this is goodbye then. You actually know her? Yeah, so? So? She's famous! She's the kryptonian's best friend! Kryptonian. Ready to earn your stripes as city editor? Linda lake. Well, there's a name i haven't seen in a while. Here to reclaim the stiletto out of your assistant's back? We both know this news rag's nothing more than poor man's wallpaper. Just here to make it readable again. Clear your page one. Run this. We stopped throwing your gossip grenades years ago. Don't forget that while you were chasing ambulances with the other cubs, i was breaking real news. My blog had more hits than the chicago mob. My name was feared and revered around the world. I'm doing you a favor. Do yourself a favor, lake. Get a new career. It's about the alien. We're live from the smallville farmhouse where up until this morning clark kent lived in anonymity. Now the crowds are gathering to try and get a peek at the superhero next door. There she is. Chloe sullivan, what's it like having an alien as a best friend? I'm, uh, just trying to get inside. Mom, what do you mean, "forced leave"? Can they even do that to a senator? Okay, look. This will all blow over. People just need time to adjust. All right. I'll talk to you later. Clark, it's chloe! The beatles have landed in smallville. You okay? Yeah, i'm fine. How are you dealing with the instant star status?</i> Unfortunately, my 15 minutes of fame have no end in sight. Well, i don't mean to add to the fanfare, but lois was just given an editor's promotion. And congratulations ... you now have a penthouse office right next to tess mercer. Man on tv: clark kent's not everyone's hero.</i> Last week, a crane collapsed at my husband's work site</i> and killed him. Where was clark kent then? Who says he gets to choose who lives and who dies? Clark, right now we need to focus on finding linda lake. Now, i think i know why she went m.i.a. It turns out that linda shared a cellblock with me in black creek. She can turn herself into water, chloe. Why didn't she just escape? Because electricity is her kryptonite. Linda lake's specialized restraints discharged a chemical electrical bonding current, meaning it basically kept her solid. Great, then all we have to do is find her. Man on tv: we now take you live</i> to a press conference with linda lake. Shouldn't be too hard. Lake: clark kent...</i> is not a hero. He's not a savior. He's not even a friend. He is the first wave of an all-out alien invasion.</i> My detailed investigation has revealed that clark kent is to blame for meteor showers, deadly power outages, and an unspeakable trail of human carnage. When it rains, it pours. A hero that tried to stop this alien before it ravaged our homeland again. And that hero... that hero was lex luthor. And clark kent killed him. She just turned me into a public enemy. E just turned me into a public enemy. Clark, you need to leave. Now. I can straighten this out, chloe. I'll talk to the authorities myself. It looks like they want to talk to you, too. Look, clark, this is only gonna get worse. You need to leave while you still can. I'm not running, chloe. People need to know the truth. Now, why don't you go out the back, okay? I'll catch up with you later. Be careful. Linda lake is lying through her teeth. Her points line up, clark. So why don't you just tell me who you're working with? Like i said, i'm not working with anyone. I was sent here alone. To do what ... work on a farm? It's pretty clear there's a bigger agenda here. Look, my father sent me here with a dying wish that i use my abilities to protect mankind. It's what i've always done. It's what i'm gonna continue to do. And i'm sure if i ask your friends, they'll attest to that? Hmm? Friends like lois lane? You gave her the front page of a lifetime. Now, if she's been keeping your secret, she could be aiding and abetting an enemy of the state. No, lois is innocent. Everything she knows is in her story. And chloe sullivan? Impressive how long she kept your secret. How many other secrets is she keeping, clark? Look, i have been open about everything you've asked me. And i appreciate it. I really do. I'm sure you won't have any problem with us running some tests. No one agreed to any tests ... only to answer the questions... you asked of me. Just calm down, and everything will be fine, all right? No one's running any tests. Fire! Keep your car running. The feds are after you. What did they do to you? It doesn't matter, chloe. You have to leave smallville now. Man on radio: we interrupt this broadcast</i> to bring you a special bulletin. Authorities are on a statewide manhunt for clark kent.</i> He's considered dangerous, unpredictable, and without remorse. Granville county has issued a mandatory curfew of 9:00 p.m.</i> And urges families with children to stay indoors at all times. Do they know about the meteor rocks? Not yet. That's why they're after you ... to find a way to stop me, chloe. We have to leave town separately. What? Am i losing you, clark? If this is goodbye, i'm not saying it. No, chloe, when this all dies down, i'll find you. I promise. This isn't gonna die down, clark. There has to be a way that we could just undo everything. I mean, can't you just ask jor-el to orchestrate another second chance? He's gone, chloe. He disappeared when the fortress went dark. Then unless you're hiding some sort of latent power to turn back time, i have no more ideas. The legion. They gave me a ring that makes time travel possible. I hid it in a toolbox in the barn. I never thought i'd have to use it, but... you think you can go back to before your story broke? The legion went back 1,000 years using it. Okay, now, i know i don't need to remind you what happened last time you turned back the clock. There's always a consequence. The world fears me, chloe, and as long as they know who i am... i can't help them. I don't have a choice. Clark, call me. Whatever trash these people are spreading about you, you can count on me to fire back, guns blazing. You sit across from the guy, lane. How slow are you? Oh, hell no. Hold that elevator! Last i checked, stories required these little things called "facts." Maybe the city editor is willing to print your fiction, but tess mercer will gladly run my rebuttal. I'm sorry, katie, i'm ... i'm gonna have to call you back. My connection just took on a terrible whining sound. Okay, thanks. Katie couric. You see a parade, and you just have to rain on it, don't you? You can't stand the fact that there are actually good people in this world. If your boyfriend really cared about saving people... ...he would've done things my way. People looked up to him. He could've been the hero they always needed. Funny thing about people ... the only thing they love more than building up heroes is tearing them down. Tess, what were you thinking? Man: she's up here. Miss lane, we need to speak with you regarding matters of national security. Without my lawyer, you're not gonna hear me so much as hiccup. Nice interception, but you shouldn't be here. All the bloodhounds in the state will be sniffing you out. It's okay. I know this sounds crazy, but in a few moments, this will all be over. Okay, well, try me. My shock threshold is pretty high right now. Lois, i have a ring that allows me to go to any moment in time. I'm gonna go back to before linda lake ever wrote that article. The world isn't ready to accept someone like me. Then stay and fight back. Look, give people a chance to see who you really are. It's too late, lois. My whole life, i've seemed different. Some people spend their entire lives looking for a way to stand out... to be a person that anybody would call special. When you first told me who you were... my thought was, "anyone but clark." And not because of the alien thing. I... i've known enough guys to know that you can be born on terra firma and be light-years from normal. Lois, you don't have to explain. I get it. No, you don't. How can someone with x-ray vision be so blind? I've been down the hero road before. And every time, i made a giant u-turn. But this... this was different. And this time, it will be different, lois.</i> When i do this, no one's gonna remember who i am. And when you hit your reset button... ...you're not gonna tell me your secret, are you? I'm sorry. That's okay. Why should i think i'm special? Clark... i understand. Lois, you don't understand. It's because you are special. I have to go. Looking for this? Oh, my god. What happened? Chloe, i am so sorry. It's all a lie. I thought that i could stop it. Davis, look at me. Tell me what's going on. I'm gonna go get you some help. No! No, you can't! Nothing helps. What are these? I built up a tolerance. I can't control it anymore. Control what? The beast. You must have blacked it out. You were in the arctic with me. You told me it was my destiny to kill the other kryptonian. What are you saying, davis? "The other kryptonian" ... there's only one kryptonian.</i> There's only clark. I'm...kryptonian. You're doomsday. I was sent to this planet to kill clark. You stay away from him. You have to warn him, chloe. Something's been drawing me back here. I thought that it was you, but no. It was clark. Davis, your eyes... chloe, run. Get out of here! Lois, i need you to give a message to clark. He's not picking up his phone. That creature that was at my wedding is davis bloome, and he's coming for clark! I used to think a lot about rings. I thought getting one meant i'd found true happiness. But there is no such thing as true happiness in this world, is there? Not when you only see the bad in people. Look how fast they turned on you. One second, you're on top of the world. And the next, it's as if your life story's written in someone else's blood. Not that i care. This trumps your blur any day. That ring ... it's dangerous. No. This ring is every journalist's dream. I'll know stories before they break. The entire world will know me. The rock. Are you okay? I'll be all right. Chloe just called. You're not gonna believe this, but davis... i know what you're planning. Mr. Kent. I was just thinking about you. Two years is too long to go without a visit. You're not gonna run my story. Your story? Oh, so now you're not just super, you're psychic. I'm a journalist now. I brought you my latest work. It's about all the murders you committed. People are gonna know who you really are, and your word will mean nothing. You're going to jail. I don't think so. No one can ever know my name. Some things never change. I've been gone a month, and you still drive in the granny lane. You're welcome for the ride, lois. Did i mention i missed your ongoing commentary? No, actually, and aside from asking me what the speed limit was, you barely said a word on the way home... or since i've been gone, for that matter, unless you count the three 10-second voicemails. Lois, you know, after the wedding, things got a little crazy. Things got a little crazy before all hell broke loose. Let's face it. Or ... or we could not face it and just forget that it ever almost happened. I think it's a pretty complicated conversation, lois. We don't have to overanalyze anything now. I'm gonna work off my jet lag later on tonight at the cafe. You want to come by for a coffee, cool. If not, let's just say i get it. Okay. Okay. See you then. Or not. Or whatever. I'm going to work. I have to admit, i would've loved to have seen clark kent as an international-celebrity icon. It wasn't a pretty sight. Yeah, but being a part of your entourage, i must've had some perks, right? If you consider complete invasion of privacy a perk. Though there was this one moment right after i told lois the truth about me. I thought everything would be okay. Thought i could have it all, but i was wrong. You know, clark, maybe you can have your cape and wear it, too.</i> Say that clark kent, the unassuming journalist, buttoned up in a starched shirt and tie, but then, when he's playing the hero, he ... steps out of the shadow into his red and blue, creating two completely separate identities? Yeah. And for the cherry on top, you get to tell lois the truth and still know her reaction. All of this made one thing very clear, chloe ... lois can never know who i really am. Clark, is it safe to say that maybe another benefit from protecting your secret is getting to protect yourself from getting hurt? I destroyed the legion ring. Speaking of that... controlling time ... it's too dangerous, chloe. It always comes at a price. Trust me, i'm thrilled that you got a page-one rewrite. But it kind of makes me wonder what might've changed this time. Can i ask you what you're doing? Davis bloome ... i'm one of the, uh, emts. Oh, well, there's actually a patient who's looking for you. Uh, there must be some mistake. I don't know you. While i've been puddling around metropolis for the last week, i've seen lots of interesting stories. What a nice surprise to stumble upon your dirty little secret. Painful breathing, pale complexion... unsightly bone protrusions. You don't know what you're talking about. Right. You just have a terrible skin condition. What do you want from me? I want you to release the beast and break me out of these restraints. It doesn't exactly work like that. Don't waste your time with the pills. I've seen what you can do. You don't understand. You don't know what you're dealing with! No. You don't understand. I can't spend another second trapped in a cell. Do you want me to tell chloe who you really are? That's a good boy. Become the thing you're meant to be. Stop. Let it go. Shut up!