first thing in the morning. I'm going back to Metropolis. No, no, I'll be alone. I suspect... ...Martha Kent is no longer in my employ. Who's there? If this is someone's idea of a joke, I'm not amused. Is that you? Didn't I make it clear, the conversation is over. Jonathan Kent... ...put the gun down and step out of the truck. Keep your hands where I can see them. Drop it. Away from the vehicle, sir. Away from the vehicle! Everything's gonna be fine. Just keep your hands where we can see them. Ethan. - What's going on? - Jonathan... ...as a friend, don't say another word until you get yourself a lawyer. You have the right to remain silent and refuse to answer questions. Anything you say may be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to consult an attorney and to have an attorney present... Dad, how are you doing? I'm fine, other than a splitting headache. Any word on how Lionel Luthor's doing? He was rushed into surgery, Jonathan. He may not make it. How about the gun they found in my truck? The police are testing it now. It's the same caliber Lionel was shot with. Clark, that was not my gun. I have no idea how it wound up in my hands. - Dad, what happened last night? - Well, I was out running some errands. I stopped by the Wild Coyote for a beer. When I got in my truck, everything started to go woozy on me. How many did you have? Martha, I had half a beer. I promise, but... ...next thing I know, I'm out on the side of Highway 91. I got... ...the police spotlight shining in my face, it's raining. We need to get a lawyer. I'm gonna call my father and ask him to take your case. Martha, that man has never believed in me before. I don't see why... ...an attempted-murder charge is gonna change that. Well, Lana told me Henry Small used to be a criminal attorney. Well, he certainly wouldn't be intimidated by the Luthors. Sorry, Martha, but you and Clark are gonna have to leave now. Dad, no matter what it takes, I'm gonna find out who did this. Yeah. I just got in from Metropolis. Where is he? In surgery. He's still in critical condition. If the downstairs maid hadn't been awakened by the shot, he'd be dead. I want round-the-clock security. Whoever shot him might still be out there. You can save the concerned-son routine, Lex. I have everything under control. The loyal dog sitting watch at master's door, secretly hoping he doesn't make it? As I recall, you almost let him die once. Who's to say you didn't try to finish the job? God knows, after yesterday... ...you'd have enough reason to want him dead. You know what I find so amusing, is you believe my father is grooming you. It's unfortunate that they already have a suspect in custody. I can't think of a person with a better motive for killing your father than you. I'm sorry about your father, Clark, but I'm afraid I can't represent him. I don't understand. Why? I'm not the right man for this case. From everything I know about you, you're perfect for this case. - I can make some referrals. - They don't need a list of names. They need someone they can trust. I'm sorry, Lana. My decision's final. Just when I thought I was getting to know him. Looks like we need to find another lawyer. Clark... ...there's something I have to tell you. I went by the mansion yesterday... ...to drop off the Talon's quarterly tax bills, and... ...your dad was there. What was he doing? Yelling at Lionel Luthor. No, I want you out of our lives, once and for all. You're jumping to conclusions, Mr. Kent. It was simply a token of appreciation. I think it was quite a bit more than that. It's all relative, isn't it? I mean, a Roger Dubuis watch from me is equivalent... ...to a Whitman's Sampler from you. Condescending son of a... The worst thing that happened to my family... ...was getting involved with yours. I seem to recall that the benefits to our families were mutual. Are you forgetting the circumstances of Clark's adoption? You poison everything you touch. This town would be better off if you weren't in it. But you're as much to blame for that as I am, aren't you? Martha was worried about that. She thought you wouldn't be big enough to let her live her own life. You stay away from Martha... ...or I promise you, you will regret it. He threatened him, Clark. My dad told me he was running errands. Why would he lie to me? Look, the sheriff came by earlier... ...I told him what I just told you. I didn't want to, but I couldn't lie. It's okay. I mean, you know my dad would never try to kill anybody. Right? He was angry, Clark, but I know him. And there's no way. Thanks. Mom? What's going on? They have a search warrant. - Martha, can I have a word with you? - Yeah. Found this watch on your bedroom floor. Is it yours? It was a gift. From who? Lionel Luthor. "To Martha, with deepest affection, L.L." I was gonna give it back. I knew if Jonathan saw it, he would be furious... ...so I hid it in my dresser. - Well, looks like he found it. Ethan, you've known Jonathan since high school. I can't let my friendship interfere with my job. - You gotta admit, this looks like motive. - He found a watch and smashed it. That doesn't mean he's a killer. He also had an argument with Lionel yesterday. - What? - Yeah. Lana was there. She saw it. It was so heated, Lionel's assistant called getting a restraining order. Way I figure, he was still hot under the collar when he got to the Wild Coyote. Bartender told me he got pretty drunk. Hey, Mike... ...why don't you give me a double shot of that tequila? Wait a minute, Dad said he only had one beer. I administered his blood-alcohol test myself, son. He was at 2.0. That's quite a bit more than one beer. From the sound of things, he was really spoiling for a fight. Lionel Luthor's a lying, miserable son of a bitch. You won't get any arguments here. - Again. - I don't think that's a good idea. All right, then why don't you sell me the whole bottle. - I'm not supposed to do that, Jonathan. - Come on, Mike. I know we've been friends a long time. Nobody's gonna know. Is that you? Didn't I make it clear? The conversation is over. We have eyewitnesses... ...who saw Jonathan's truck leaving the mansion after they heard gunshots. Forensics found powder residue on Jonathan's hand. I wish there were another explanation. But now he's our only suspect. What exactly are we looking for? The police already checked this whole area. Yeah, we have an advantage they don't. Are you doing the eye thing? Hey, I need you to check my back yard sometime. I buried a jar of quarters when I was 10. Never could find it. They found my dad's truck right about here. Did you find something? Yeah, it's a bullet. We need to get the sheriff out here to dig it out. I don't mean to rain on your CSI parade... ...but the only thing that proves is that somebody shot a shed. The sheriff said he found powder residue on my dad's hand. My dad said he'd never seen that gun before. So? What does that mean? Whoever shot Lionel drugged my dad and followed him until he pulled over. If that bullet came from the gun that shot Lionel... ...maybe we can convince the police that my dad is being framed. Even though we removed the bullet, kidney damage slowed his metabolism. He's in a coma. What are his chances? His higher brain functions are shutting down. If he doesn't regain consciousness in the next 24 hours... ...he won't make it. I'm sorry. Sheriff Ethan... ...can I talk to you for a minute? - Excuse me, sheriff. What is it, Clark? I found a bullet in the shack where you arrested my father. My men went over that area with a microscope. Well, they must have missed it. Someone put that gun in my dad's hand and fired it. Or he squeezed off a round while he was parked there drinking... ...or it could be from a different weapon. Whoever's trying to set up my dad doesn't want you to find that bullet. I don't know what it'll prove, but I'll have it tested. Sheriff, I was wondering if we could talk. My name's Dominic Santori. I work for Lionel Luthor. - Clark, would you excuse us? - It's okay. He can stay. I don't think his father shot Mr. Luthor. But I'm pretty sure I know who did. All right, Lex... ...what's so urgent that you insisted I fly in for a face-to-face. I'm missing Domingo's La Bohème. Well, consider this a curtain call on our own private opera, Dad. Would you ask your Seeing Eye dog to wait outside? Anything you have to say, you can say in front of Dominic. A representative from an offshore shell company... ...who bears an uncanny resemblance to Mr. Santori here... ...has been quietly approaching LexCorp employees and buying their voting shares. Is that so? I was under the impression they had no intention of selling. What'd you get on them? Now, now, Lex, don't be a sore loser. I'm just realigning your priorities. Your attempt to build LexCorp was at the expense of our mutual goals. The only thing we share is a mutual enmity. This father-son reconciliation act was just a smoke screen to buy out my company. If you were ready to run LexCorp, there's no way I could have taken it from you. Look at this as an opportunity for us to work together again, father and son. When I broke away, I swore I'd never be under your thumb again. It was my hope that you'll stay and rise to the challenge. Your ego wouldn't allow it. I'll fight you on this, and I'll win. You better have something stronger than words to back up those threats... ...because as of this moment, you are just another employee. All Lex had to do was wait until Lionel was alone. Didn't I make it clear? The conversation is over. After he shot him, Lex could have framed Mr. Kent. And then he drove his girlfriend to Metropolis, a convenient alibi. Thank you, Mr. Santori. I'll certainly look into that. Excuse me. I know Lex and his dad have problems, but it's hard to believe he'd do that. Face it, Clark, in your heart... ...you've always known what Lex is capable of. Hey. Are you okay? Sometimes being an objective journalist really sucks. I can imagine. I still can't believe Henry didn't take Mr. Kent's case. Okay, usually when I do this, people seem to get really mad at me. But I found it odd that your dad passed up an opportunity to take on a Luthor... ...so I ran a search on his legal history. And since you don't seem to be freaking out, I guess I should continue? If it helps explain why he won't defend Mr. Kent, then I wanna know. Okay, it turns out that Mr. Small was a top white-collar criminal defense lawyer. He and his firm did a lot of business with, surprise, surprise, LuthorCorp. Maybe he considered the Kent case a conflict of interest. As opposed to all the other times he's taken on Lionel and his buddies? This is interesting, though. LuthorCorp filed a complaint against Henry Small... ...that got him fired from his firm. Okay, so that explains why he might hate the Luthors... ...but it doesn't explain why he won't take the case. You know, Lana, my computer only spits out cold, hard facts. If you want explanations, you're gonna have to go to the source. I understand. Very well, doctor, keep me posted. Dominic told me you got in a fight with your father before he got shot. Why didn't you tell the police? So now you're implying I pulled the trigger? It's not like I haven't seen you shoot someone before. Get out of here before you say something you'll regret. I'm not going anywhere, not until I get some answers. Are you trying to frame my dad? After all this time, I thought you knew me better than the average tabloid reader. If you don't start trusting me, what else am I to think? Stay out of it, Clark. - My dad's life is at stake here. - So is my father's! Goodbye, Clark. Sweetheart... ...how are you holding up? You know, it's funny how being locked up can... ...give you time to reflect on all the mistakes you've made. Why didn't you tell me you had a fight with Lionel? - Because I was angry. - At me? No, at myself. I was jealous. When I found that watch... ...it reminded me of all the things I couldn't give you. For the first time, it felt like I was losing you. Martha, I am so sorry. For what? I'm sorry for not having faith in us. I'm sorry for giving in to my own petty fears. And all it takes is one... ...reckless moment to ruin everything. Jonathan, you didn't shoot Lionel. No, I didn't shoot Lionel. But I... I let my anger get the best of me. I haven't exactly kept it a secret how Jonathan Kent feels about the Luthors. What jury could possibly believe me now? I know this place. My brother came here all the time. Word was they never checked IDs. How'd they keep it open? Good luck. Connections. Well, if someone did drug my dad, this would have been the only place to do it. I don't know what you kids heard, but we don't serve minors in here. I just want to ask a few questions. My name's Clark Kent, Jonathan's son. Jonathan. Listen, I'm sorry about what happened. Do you remember if he was talking to anyone the other night? He was talking to everybody, blowing off steam. Sounded like he had a major run-in with Lionel Luthor. Sheriff said he bought a bottle of tequila from you. Yeah, I wish I hadn't done it now. The cops want me to testify. I could lose my liquor license. He never drinks more than two beers. Did someone put something in his drink? Nobody had to put anything in his drink the way he was knocking them back. Listen, I know you don't wanna hear this... ...but Jonathan said he was gonna take care of Lionel, once and for all. - He'd never say that. - I've known him since high school. He's always had a temper. There's no doubt in my mind he did it. You're just as bad as your old man. Clark, let him go, man. Clark, let him go! Be cool. The guy's lying. He's involved. I think he's the one who spiked my dad's drink. Clark, look, I'm on your side... ...but putting a bartender through spin cycle isn't the thing to do now. I know. I'm sorry. Pete, look out! - You all right? - Yeah, I think so. But you must have definitely ticked someone off. Clark, I heard you had a narrow escape. What do you care? I think this may be connected to my father's shooting. - I warned you to stay out of this, Clark. - Why? - To control the situation? - I'm not controlling anything. I don't know who to believe anymore. - Dominic made quite an impression. - This isn't about Dominic. He's asked the hospital staff to keep me away from my father. - Why do you think that is? - Probably to protect him. Or himself. If my father regains consciousness, he may be able to identify who shot him. You think Dominic's involved? Why would he turn against Lionel? Because the decision to buy out LexCorp affects him as much as it does me. - Something stronger than words to back up those threats, son... ...because as of this moment, you are just another employee. I'm going to Metropolis. When I get back, I want you gone. You never told me you wanted Lex back. I thought it was assumed. I care about this company. I can't believe you're giving Lex another chance. I gave Lex a taste of independence... ...to demonstrate the futility of working against me. But I always intended to bring him back into the fold. You made promises to me, promises that I expect you to keep. You've been loyal, Dominic... ...but Lex is blood. I've worked too long to let you take everything away from me now. I forgot my keys. He was angry enough to shoot your father? Seizing the reins of a billion-dollar corporation is a powerful incentive. All he needed was someone to take the blame. Why didn't you tell anyone about this? My father was shot the same day he bought my company out from under me. While you were playing it close to the vest, my father was in jail. - How long would you let him stay there? - Until I knew for sure he didn't do it. Now I do. Look, the shooting is related to the buyout. I needed the guilty party to make a mistake. Like trying to kill me and Pete? So, what now? Lana... ...I got your message. What's the urgency? I know about the complaint Lionel Luthor filed against you. Have you been snooping into my past? I was curious to find out why you wouldn't help one of my closest friends. And that gives you the right to pry? I'm your daughter. If we're gonna have more than the same DNA in common... ...we have to be honest with each other. - I didn't ask you to barge into my life. Don't worry. You know, I won't be imposing on you again. - Lionel Luthor has nothing to do with this. - I saw the complaint. Payback after I refused to go along with one of his ethically dubious schemes. Business as usual for LuthorCorp. You should have kept on digging. And what would I have found? Kansas v. Sutton, a murder trial back in the early '90s. I don't understand. I was defense counsel, court-appointed, which meant I didn't give a damn. Five years after conviction, his family has evidence retested... ...proving he was innocent. So you were still able to get him out, right? By then it was too late. He had been executed three months before. After that, I hung it all up. Now I try to save the world from my living room. But at least I know nobody's gonna die because of me. I know you can't undo the past... ...but you can't hide from it, either. Lana? What are you doing here? Just offering some moral support. Brought some reinforcements. - I'd like to handle your father's case. - Of course. We need all the help we can get. Thank you. How'd you get him to change his mind? We set the ground rules for our relationship, we promised to be honest... ...no matter what. I've got a bail hearing set this afternoon. I'm sure with Jonathan's standing in the community... ...we can have him out by supper. I just got good news from Lex. His dad's doing better. - He's expected to regain consciousness. - Oh, thank God. Dad, and if he does, maybe he can ID the shooter. That's a big "if," given his blindness. Look, we're not out of the woods yet. Lex Luthor's alibi checks out, but Dominic Santori's is flimsy. That should be good news for me. The bartender who could corroborate his involvement has disappeared. Now, without him, it's gonna be hard to keep your case from going to trial. Breaking and entering really necessary? - I thought the police checked this out. - Yeah. They checked out the area where my dad was arrested too. I'm gonna look over here. Pete! Oh, man, talk about sleeping with the fishes. I think I know who shot Lionel Luthor. Lex had his father moved to another floor. We put the word out that Lionel was getting better... ...guessing it would draw you out. Kept hoping I was wrong. - What the hell? - You went to high school with my dad. So did Mike the bartender. You and Mike were more than friends. You had a business arrangement. Clark, I can explain. Explain how a bar with repeated violations stays open? Or how all the evidence conveniently pointed toward my dad? You found out about my dad's fight, and it all came together. Is that you? Didn't I make it clear? The conversation is over. You faked my dad's blood-alcohol test... ...and when I started to check out your story, you came after me. My dad trusted you. How could you do that? Don't you see, Clark? It's not just about me. It's the Luthors. They're like a cancer... ...destroying everything they touch. The Luthors didn't kill anyone. The Luthors didn't frame my dad. What have I done? Just wanted to make sure your dad was doing all right. He says he is. You don't sound too convinced. I found this in the house. It's my dad's high-school yearbook. Him and Ethan were in the same class. "To Jonathan... ...a great quarterback, a better friend, Ethan." You grow up with someone, you think you know them... ...but I mean, darkness like that just doesn't come out of nowhere. I'm sorry about your company. What's gonna happen next? My father thinks I'll go back to work for him. Will you? It's hard to imagine working for a man... ...who can enrage four people to the point where any of them had motive to kill him. Even you. You know that darkness you were talking about? I'm not sure we're born with it. People like my father find a way to bring it out. So are we okay? I wish I could help you with your father. I can take him. Dad. Son. I understand you've had a busy few days. In case you hadn't heard... ...Ethan has been charged in the murder of the bartender and the attempt on you. It truly is a sad day in Smallville. I'm sure some version of the truth will come out sooner or later... ...but I was hoping to hear it from you first. The sheriff and I simply... ...had a misunderstanding. Sheriff. You have something for me? These are good people who happened to make mistakes. Yes, well, we're, all of us, only human, sheriff. These particular people sit on the board of my son's company... ...so they need a little incentive to sell their voting shares to me. - Goodbye, Mr. Luthor. - I hope this will be... ...the beginning of a long and profitable relationship. Our arrangement was for this one time only. Now, did that proviso come before or after you insisted on cash in advance? I was strapped. But don't think you own me. I've documented your backroom deals. You push me, and I just have to make one call. Would that be to your attorney? He... ...passed along your documented evidence. Along with his best wishes. You know... ...my reputation in Smallville is... ...of no importance to me... ...but yours... ...it's your lifeblood, sheriff. Sheriff? That's an elected position, isn't it? Don't threaten me, you son of a bitch. Good evening, sheriff. So you took an honest man and destroyed him... ...and by proxy almost ruined Jonathan Kent. How does it feel, Dad, knowing you brought this on yourself? But I didn't, Lex. You did... ...engineering your ill-advised employee coup. And you actually believe that? It's all right, son. I forgive you. Now it's time to look to the future.