- Arrow... - canary, impulse... watchtower is officially online. Tess mercer, acting c.e.o. Of luthorcorp. You're my boss? We'll always be there for each other. Forever. I have put up with you taking someone else's side over mine ... first clark and then davis? I won't kill clark if i'm with you. The darkness ...  it doesn't come out when chloe's around. She makes me...human. Please don't try and find us. I will find a way to save you. I took lex luthor's life. You're responsible for the explosion. You got good instincts, jimmy. There's an opening on my staff, and something tells me you'd be perfect for it. Say that clark kent, the unassuming journalist... steps out of the shadow into his red and blue, creating two completely separate identities? When i'm ready to tell the world my secret, you'll be the first to know. I'm only a phone call away. I destroyed the legion ring. Controlling time ... it's too dangerous. Be careful in the days ahead. There is a savior among us. And until you fulfill your destiny, he won't have his great challenge to overcome. I am not some problem to be solved. I get it. It's too early. Why are you so determined to see davis bloome die? An entire civilization's survival depends on it. And now the season finale of "smallville."</i> Thanks for meeting me. I'm not the one who had to travel 1,000 years to get here. Yeah, well, i just hope that i'm not too late. For what? The future. Now, i know that anytime we travel back, we take the chance of disrupting fate. And to be honest with you, kal, after coming back here and trying to change the future, i might not have one to go back to. Look, i don't understand. You said the future would be safe if we got rid of brainiac. Yes. Everything is safe. Brainiac is gone... ... but so are you. When you saved chloe's life, you saved her connection to doomsday. She stopped you from sending him to the phantom zone. She made him invulnerable by trying to kill him with kryptonite. And now because of chloe, you cannot defeat him. I'd never take back my choice to save her. I believe yours got a little...scorched. Use the ring. Send doomsday to the future. The legion's there, and we are ready to fight him. The legion didn't unleash doomsday. I did.</i> Kal-el! You need to understand that there is nothing on this earth that will stop him from killing you. My father always told me i was sent here to save mankind. Maybe this is my true destiny. How much time do i have? Tomorrow is the day you die. Smallville 822 Doomsday Synchro : Flolo Transcript : yyets.net For Serieessub.com maybe it's sleep deprivation, but i can't exactly see a toga-clad woman in the stars up there. It's demeter. And her daughter, persephone, was taken by hades to the underworld. And demeter ... she enlisted the gods' help to find her daughter, but when hades offered persephone her chance at freedom, to everyone's surprise, persephone chose to live underground with the dark prince. We're actually gonna pull this off, aren't we? Find someplace to...slow down, build a life together. As long as we can keep the gods from hunting us. Tell me you have a lock on their location. We traced the radiation left on bloome after he attacked neutron, but we've got another problem. What the hell. Oh, my god. We heard an explosion. Then the security cameras and power pulsed. We thought a transformer had blown outside. The orb ... someone stole the orb. No one could have broken in here without ... you just said that the system went down! Only for a few seconds. But, miss mercer, you should know that our security believes the door was blown off from the inside. You have no idea how many lives are at stake. Find that orb. Chloe's missing with some beastie boy, and you're doing what exactly? No one wants to find chloe more than i do. Except maybe me. Clark, i haven't slept in days, and i am dangerously close to a caffeine o.d. I hadn't noticed. Okay. Do you want to at least tell me about this little novella you're working on that's so important? No. Great. Another ricochet off the impenetrable force field. Forget it. Hello. Miss lane. It's you. I've been searching for your cousin chloe. I am gonna find her. How did you even know she was missing? I've been keeping an eye on you. To be honest, i...was... kind of hoping for that. But i didn't know how to call you, and then now, all of a sudden, here you are out of ... out of nowhere to save the day, and i just ... i'm rambling again. You just make me so, um... i don't know how i'll ever be able to repay you for this. You could do me a favor. I need you to publish a letter for me. What letter? You're here, aren't you? You're not supposed to open it yet. Can i count on you to publish that letter if anything happens to me? "Goodbye"? What do you mean "goodbye"? Sometimes, we can't outrun our destiny. But i thought you were invincible. So did i. I want to meet you. I have to see your face. I have to see you. I-i want you to show me what you can't show anyone else you can trust me. Please. I'm sorry. That's not a good idea. Look, you can come through this. You have to. And when you do... how do you feel about phone booths? They're fine. Um, there's one on 4th and main. Let's say midnight. I'll be there. I hope you'll be there, too. And thank you. If anyone can save chloe... i know it's you. What's the 911? Thanks for meeting me. I thought bart was supposed to be ... present and accounted for. Were you able to get the schematics? What do you think? Geothermal facility care of queen industry and luthorcorp. All right, what's with the black hole? Rokk said nothing on the face of the earth could destroy the beast. So let's put him under it. The geothermal facility created one mile of tunnels beneath the earth's crust. So it's the final resting place for the bony space invader. If i can manage to get him down there, can you access the detonators in the shaft? I can override it. Are we really gonna bury him alive? Not all of him. There's still a side of davis worth saving. Bart, this is for you. It's a rock. Careful with that. It's a very special meteor rock. It can split the kryptonian from the human side of davis. And what if that doesn't work? What if you end up unleashing a monster that's unstoppable, that doesn't have a conscience? This is the only option. Well, what about the option of getting rid of a serial killer before he has a chance to beast out? You've never wanted to admit it... but there is a darker side to humanity. I know there is. I'm looking at it right now. Not everyone's worth saving. We need to take care of davis bloome. And by "take care of," you mean murder? Okay, dudes, you guys have got, like, some [chuckles] some ...  some serious tension going on here. Ollie, what's he talking about? Oliver crossed the line. He killed lex luthor. You're making a big mistake. You're not one of us anymore. Is that right? I'm in. Oliver: do you have the decryption key? Yeah. Hope you have better luck than i did. Call me when you have chloe's location. Jimmy, you stepped on my hand! Next time, don't leave your hand on the floor under a desk in an office you're not supposed to be in. I'm sorry ...  did i just get a lecture from jimmy olsen? Who were you talking to? No one. Lois, what are you doing here? I'm looking for chloe and davis. The head of tess' security has been staked out at the talon apartment ... creepy but telling. The only problem is her 8-gig mini brain is encrypted. Not anymore. Tess is definitely tracking chloe and davis. Most of this is from a couple of days ago, but if i can just get in.... bingo. Looks like chloe and davis are on the outskirts of edge city, and so am i. Don't take your eyes off of them. Let me know if they move. Tess, lex already tried to break down the technology of that orb.</i> Hey, lex knew that orb wasn't from this earth.</i> It called to me. There's life inside that can't be freed until the traveler kills the beast. What you're unleashing... ...it could be the end of the world. Clark, we found them. I'm uploading their location. Dinah, bart. What's going on? Sorry, clark. We couldn't risk losing you. Don't do this. Don't worry, clark. It won't kill you. It'll just get your ego out of the way, so we can do what needs to be done. You're making a mistake! I kind of miss the maid costume. I've stopped cleaning up after you. You could have fooled me. I expect from my reporters a little better reconnaissance, but then again, the bar's always been a little bit lower for you, hasn't it? Look, i know family loyalty means nothing to you, but i would do anything to find chloe. If that means you need to fire me... pull the trigger. I plan to, but this actually has very little to do with chloe. You saw it, didn't you? Seriously, you have a significant deficiency of pronoun modifiers going on. Lois, where is the orb? What orb?! The alien technology from my vault. Oh, that orb. I guess asking for severance is out of the question. I didn't want this. No... you just want to take over the world with some alien nation. I am trying to save the world. What's wrong with greenpeace? What's going on? Sorry about the tranq, beautiful. It, uh, kind of snuck up on you super fast. Where's clark? You found a way to kill him, didn't you? And clark wouldn't go along with it. No. He wanted to play devil's advocate with the actual devil, split the kryptonian from the human. Black kryptonite. Only one glitch in his plan ... the whole beast part. Last time we checked, he couldn't control his thornier alter ego. But i can. As long as i stay with him, he doesn't change. Please don't do this to him. They have to. Chloe, it's not working anymore. Chloe, wait. Davis, just focus on me, okay? We'll get through this together, just like we always have. I'm sorry. It's too late. We need to go now. Chloe, no! Jimmy...the dart. Check this out! Your cut... it's gone. No. No, i'm not buying it. That whole "you're here one second, and then you're not"? You took a bullet, and the next day, you were fine. I mean, i-it's like you're some kind of super... ... guy. I am the red-blue blur. You were right. About me and about davis. You were the only person to put it all together. I'm sorry that i lied to you. I knew it. I was so right! Look, jimmy, i need your help. Do you still have that wedding gift ... the one for chloe that you said you never gave to her? Yeah, i couldn't bring myself to get rid of it. All right, well, i need you to give it to her now. And whatever happens to me, you need to make sure that davis and chloe are safe. Jimmy, do you trust me? Always, c.k. That is so cool. Hey, are you okay? I think so. What happened here? Exactly what you wanted, clark. I split him. I unleashed the beast. Where did he go? I'll get him back here, but i still need you to detonate the explosives. Oliver: clark, you get him down that tunnel, we'll take care of the rest. Can i trust you? Yes. Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! It's okay. It's gonna be okay. Thank you. Clark said you'd bring us somewhere safe. What is this place? It's your wedding present. Well, it was. I was gonna give it to you after the reception, but... my wedding present? It needs some work. I know. But... so did we. I just... i saw us here, you know? Starting our life together, taking something that the rest of the world had forgotten about and... making it ours. You can see all of metropolis from here. From anywhere in the city, you can spot this place. I thought that no matter where you were, you could look up, and.. you could see our home. You could see me watching over you. I don't know how you do it. You always seem to come through. You're always there doing the right thing, saying the right words. Jimmy, there's so much that i want to tell you. I know about clark. What? What exactly do you know? The what. I saw him. And i saw what he can do, who he is. And now i see all kinds of things. I see what you have sacrificed for him. For everyone, really. That's the reason i went with davis ... to protect clark. That's the only reason. It all makes sense now. But the way i see it, you are as much of a hero as he's ever been. What you have gone through, what you've risked. And what i've lost. I've lost so much. The only thing i really miss is you. Well, now you found me again. I'm so sorry i left, jimmy, but i promise ... i never left you. So, um... this whole time that you were with me, it was for clark? Davis, just put that down. How could you do this? I loved you. You're the only one... who ever loved me. Why? Why?! I thought i did. Okay? But really, what i wanted to do was save you. Save me? There is nothing left... to save! It's okay. You're gonna be okay. I'm sorry. No. I love you. He restoreth my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Yea, though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death, i will fear no evil, for thou art with me. May henry james olsen rest in peace. You must be jimmy's little brother. Well, i think that this belongs to you. He would have wanted you to have it. Thanks. Who knows? Maybe someday, you'll follow in his footsteps. You're alive. How did you survive the geothermal explosion? Just before dinah pressed the button... i don't know. I got out... before the blast, but not fast enough to save anyone else. I've searched everywhere. There's no sign of lois. I saw someone tacking her photo on a missing-persons report. And i keep thinking that maybe, you know, maybe i haven't... lost everyone. You were there today, clark, weren't you? I really needed you. Why didn't you come to me? I'm the reason jimmy's dead. Oliver was right. I put humanity on a pedestal. It wasn't a kryptonian beast that killed jimmy. It was a human. I was standing right here, clark. I know full well who killed jimmy. This place, chloe... just get rid of it. Just walk away and don't look back. You don't get it, clark. Jimmy is here. He's watching over me. He knew me so well, he knew this place would be perfect. Jimmy wanted to know that no matter where i was in this city, i could look up here and see this beacon... the watchtower. And look ...  dinah, oliver, and bart all disappeared. Maybe it's up to us to bring them back home. Home? I don't have a home. I don't like the way that sounds. I've always tried to forget i was an alien. Or a creature. I've always tried to pretend i was human. I was raised to believe it was my kryptonian part that was dangerous, chloe, but i was wrong. It's my human side. It... it's the side that gets attached, the side that makes decisions based on emotions. That's my enemy. And davis proved that to me. So, because of some psychopath, you're gonna cut the rest of us out of your life? Human emotion is what made you the hero that you are today. They're what's stopping me from being the hero i could be. It's what the world needs now. What are you saying?