made all the christmas lights On our entire block go out. That's when my parents first caught on that i was... Different. - Jessy? - What? That was not me. You know, i don't know why i came back here. So miss goldilocks could put a bull's-Eye on my freakish head? Putting out cryptic ads in alternative papers And gathering us all in one spot...  genius. Look, you made the choice to come here on your own, mary, And i'm guessing it was for a reason. Look, i'm not saying i couldn't use a few friendly faces When i'm lighting up the town... ... literally. But people don't want us to exist, And turning us into poster kids isn't gonna change that. I think this group is the best thing that's ever happened to me. That's because you don't know any better, pocket protector. Just wait till they spark up their torches and come after us. At least if we're not alone, we're not such easy targets. Okay, everyone who came here tonight took a really big step, And that is the first step towards changing the way people Look at your special gifts. Thank you for coming. And if you forgot to sign in when you got here, Can you please do so before you leave? - And i'll see you next week. - Great meeting. Thanks a lot, chloe. Great. Smallville 806 Synchro : flolo For seriessub.Com You know, when i suggested we have "dinner and a movie" night, I didn't exactly think a $3.99 special number 2 combo with cheese And a droning police blotter was what i would have in mind. Not to mention the communication skills of a paperweight. I'm sorry? Look who decided to join the conversation. Well... it all happened so fast, it was like a blur. You know what... I have paperwork to do, and you have the world to save, So... why don't we just call it a night? We'll do this again, all right? Soon. Right. As soon as all the criminals are behind bars and there are no more accidents. Good night. Try not to stay up all night. Silent alarm triggered at the jewelry store on main. Robbery in progress. Squads 17 and 33, please respond. There isn't any more. Please don't hurt me. We have an alley disturbance off gregory behind the arcade. Help! - What else you got? - That's all my money! I swear! Please! I think he's lying. All cars to the ace of clubs, 12th and maryland. Screams heard. No accounts from inside. I repeat, all cars to 12th and maryland. Davis? Davis, you probably shouldn't sit up. What happened? I was hoping you could tell me. There's no sign of a bomb or any other kind of explosion. - Did something attack these people? - I don't know. I was walking with take out. You don't remember coming in here? The screams? No. Must have gotten a concussion. Yeah. Yeah, i probably took a pretty good blow. But i'm fine now. You're not fine. You're covered in blood. You're obviously injured. You need to go to the hospital. - Let them take care of you. - I can take care of myself. It looks like we were both too late. Detective john jones. Metropolis homicide? I figured it was the best way for me to help people without my powers. I haven't forgot about them. We're gonna find a way to get them back. I found a place for myself here. How'd you make detective so quickly? We all have our sources. Mine happen to be far-Reaching. And now that you're working in metropolis And using your contacts at the daily planet to help more people, I wanted to be close by in case you need me. What i needed was to get here sooner. I should have been able to save all these people. According to the mysterious calls we got at the station tonight, I'm guessing you saved your share. You can't save everyone, clark. The moment i believe that is when i stop trying. What have you heard about what happened here tonight? Well, people are pointing fingers at everything From a crazed lunatic to a gang of murderers. With lightning speed. By the time i arrived here, Whoever or whatever attacked these people was gone. Then you don't have any leads, either. Not yet. Looks like you picked up the latest pastime around here. Oh, i'm just trying to corroborate my new theory... Metropolis' very own mystery hero. See, i've puzzled together a couple of reports Of a sneaky good samaritan popping up over the city the past couple weeks. Is that right? Sounds like an urban myth. Well, the truth has got to start somewhere. If your citizen "x" does exist, he sure didn't come through tonight. Well, i wouldn't give him too many demerits on his hero badge, clark. You can't get this city's savior title By letting innocent people die on your shift. You stealing evidence from crime scenes much lately? No. I'm gonna return it. But it may have recorded what happened inside the club tonight. Well, let's take a look. Thanks. Happy birthday. Whoever did this is beyond steroids. Hey. You missed sodas and cookies, but maybe next week, You can lead the session with a rousing kent tale. Thanks, chloe. Sitting around with a bunch of strangers Singing "kumbaya" isn't my idea of self-Help. What's with the 'tude? There was a brutal attack at ace of clubs tonight. It was... Special. So, naturally, that means it must be someone from here. The metropolis police don't exactly keep a list of all the crypto-Perps. - Chloe, i need your help. - Doing what? Randomly pointing fingers? Chloe, you've run the stats before. Chances are they're not all innocent. I can't believe that you, of all people, Would throw someone in a lineup just because they're different. I let whoever did this slip through my fingers. I was right there. If this person attacks again, it'll be on my hands. Clark, i've learned to navigate your field of guilty land mines Better than anyone, but these kids trust me. I don't know what you expect me to say. Can you tell me where i can find davis bloome? Uh, yeah. That's him right there. - Davis? - Thanks. Yeah. That's me. What can i do for you? - Jimmy olsen. - As in chloe's jimmy? She's mentioned you a few times. I hope you don't mind me surprising you like this. No. It's no problem. Uh, is this about chloe? Yeah, i've just been going through her pda, Checking up on who she's been hanging out with. No, no, no. I'm just... I'm just kidding. I'm not some psycho. Yeah, you never can tell these days. So... So, i'm just trying to get a scoop on this club massacre. We've heard all sorts of stories about this killer... the best That he's a monster with bony eyelids. Yeah, i gave my statement to the police. I don't know anything. You know how to drive, don't you? Look, i just want to ride along. I figure ambulances are first on the scene. Maybe we'll beat everyone to the next one. Trust me...  you do not want to ride shotgun on my watch. You don't want to be the first guy there. It's not something that you want to see, given the choice. Come on. I mean, can't you do a favor for a bro? Okay. Then... how about for chloe? Meet me downstairs at 8:00. Thank you. - They all have meteor powers. - Where'd you get this list? I memorized it off chloe's desk. I didn't realize that photographic memory was among your abilities. It's more like speed-Reading, but let's not split hairs. She couldn't just give you a copy? Chloe and i don't exactly see eye to eye on this one. Well, what about your mouthy cohort? She hasn't poked her nose into this one, either. She's on assignment, which is code for "monster-Truck rally in lubbock." And i assume your emerald ally and his superfriends Are still on hiatus, which leaves you. Solo. I get it. Is there a point to all this? Obsession. When someone's life is on the line with every decision you make, It's hard for anything else to seem important. - It's because nothing else is. - Careful, clark. Even when you save someone, there are consequences. You know, i thought you'd be happy. I'm finally embracing my destiny... out there making a difference. Except for last night, when i dropped the ball. We need to find out if anyone on that list was responsible for the attack at the bar. It wasn't just one incident. There have been at least five other similar murders in the last few months. Yeah, i know. I read up on it. All the victims died the same way... internal bleeding. All their bones were crushed. And the killer gets away without a trace. I'll look into these. But i was working on another angle. One paramedic has been the first to arrive On several of the crime scenes. The driver's name is davis bloome. Chance meeting in a moldy basement over a corpse. Will the romance never end? What are you doing here? I wanted to see the coroner's latest report on the victim. She was a new member of my isis group. I'm sorry. Yeah. I mean, she was afraid of being targeted, and now... It wasn't your fault. She was there because of me. And to top it all off, there are a few trigger-Happy people Who are convinced that one of my kids is behind all of this. And you? Checking for strep throat? Look, you don't have to worry, chloe. I don't think that one of your clients did this. I'd like to think so, too. But i still need to find a suspect. Davis? What is it? I'm afraid that i might be the killer. Davis, i know that you are not responsible for these killings, okay? I know you. You save people every day. What could make you think that you were a brutal serial killer? Look, chloe, i've run the self-Denial mantra for weeks, But how do you explain the blackouts? How do you explain that i was covered in blood?! None of it was mine. I want to believe that you're right more than anyone, but... Then it's just a matter of finding the real killer. You really don't believe that it could be me, do you? No. Even though we just met? You're really... leaping out on a limb for me. Well, if what they say is true and fools do rush in, Then i have definitely earned the mantle of "village idiot" on this one. And then you just toss it all aside With a healthy dose of self-Deprecation. Please don't make me a saint. What? Luck isn't part of my daily routine, chloe. I just... i feel like... I feel like you were sent to me. You are not a serial killer. Look, davis, when did those blackouts start happening? For as long as i can remember. When i was a kid, I would go a couple months without a blackout, But they're just... they're getting so frequent. Is that why you bounced from foster home to foster home? I've always felt like... Kind of like there was this darkness inside me... Just fighting to get out. So you closed yourself off to everyone. After all these years of keeping this secret, Why are you telling me? I think you know. I've...  i've never met anyone like you. Chloe, but what if i'm right? What if you're looking at a murderer? Davis, there are lots of people who could have done these killings. And we're gonna find who did. I walked right by here last night. It could have been any of us. You think somebody's hunting us down? Well, it wouldn't be the first time. But so far, mary's been the only victim that's been a... ... club member. And after last night, we're all at the top of their suspect list. Look, i don't know what flag you're waving, But making them out to be all bad Is no better than what people have done to you. You don't know what it's like. People don't look at you the same once you tell them you're a freak. Some of them do. And turning against each other is not gonna stop all this. Look, i came here tonight because i want to help catch mary's killer. I thought that maybe some of you may have seen something Or you maybe might have known why someone would have wanted to attack mary. Because you think it's one of us. - No. It's just that... - Come on, chloe! Some cop's been showing up at our homes Asking each of us if we know anything. It's kind of a coincidence. Unless you gave him our names. No. I would never betray you guys like that. Well, somebody did. Clark. Chloe told me about the girl in her group. It's a messed-Up world. You know, davis, it took a lot to go into that roomful of screaming people. Who knows what you could have been running into. Yeah, well... I suppose it should be somewhat comforting To know that good gossip spreads just as fast as bad. - So you didn't save those people. - Haven't we been over this? I'm not some larger-Than-Life hero. The truth is, i don't know what happened. But you do know more than what you've told me, don't you? I don't fish much, clark, So why don't you just tell me what the hell you're after? What are you doing with a file stuffed full of morbid pictures of murder victims? You broke into my locker? Collecting pictures of all the murder victims is a pretty strange habit, isn't it? Do you know how many murders in this city go unsolved every year? I show up, i take away the bodies, case closed. Maybe i want to do More than just clean up the mess after it's too late. Now the whole city refers to you as a hero, huh? Maybe i'd have an easier time believing all this If there was proof that that's actually what happened. Okay, you know what... i understand If you don't want to join the knee-Jerk ticker-Tape parade, But let me ask you a question. Are you really up in my face Because you're trying to catch a killer, Or is it because you're trying to hide something yourself? Don't try to turn this around on me. Then why don't you take a second look at those photos? I'm not the only one that's hanging out at these crime scenes. There's another figure in the background. You seem to be the city's own peeping tom. I'm a reporter. It's my job! These photos were taken Before any press could have made it to the scene. So, uh, next time you feel anxious To shine a light on things that don't make sense... You might want to stay closer to home. Sharpening your pitchfork? If you're gonna lead a marauding posse, you better come prepared. Clark, you gave the police the names of my isis group? How could you use your powers to betray me like that? I didn't mean to go around you, chloe, but you were so defensive... Like i've been defensive of you? Clark, you don't get how much of my life i spend protecting your secret. And if you ever had enough courage to actually Step forward, like the rest of these kids did, You would be the first one on that pyre. How could you, of all people, be the ringleader for this witch hunt? Chloe, you're taking the side of people that you hardly know. I would think after eight years of friendship, You might be able to give me the benefit of the doubt. That works both ways. And your bonus features Don't give you the right to trump anyone else's judgment. Fine. We'll let the facts speak for themselves. These are test results that davis was trying to hide from me. Davis? I was thinking, with your brainiac ability, You might be able to make sense of the results. Oh, my god. The skin under the victim's nails is davis'. Davis? Ready to catch a killer? Yeah. So, how often do you get a dispatch? Depends on the night. Some nights are busier than others. Well, i bet you see a lot of horrible things, huh? All units in the area, we have a 4-11 in progress. Corner of liberty and 8th. Uh, what's a 4-11? It's the reason you came along tonight. Stay here. Davis?! His ambulance number is 17. I'm surprised you haven't enrolled the services Of our friendly martian on the force. Jones can't help us unless we have some hard proof. We need more than a few pieces of evidence to arrest someone. Yeah, and the evidence you have isn't exactly conclusive. I mean, the victim could have easily just reached up And grabbed davis when he was trying to help them. But i have to admit, davis would have the perfect setup. I mean, he attacks the people And then pretends to arrive at the scene to save them? I know it isn't easy. What? My perpetual knack for getting into lose-Lose situations? Got it. Davis' ambulance just stopped. He answered a call a few minutes ago. Help! I'm at liberty and 8th! Can anybody hear me? It's some kind of monster! Clark, that's jimmy. Clark! What did you do with jimmy?! Davis? Jimmy? Davis? Davis. Davis, you all right? C.K.! Jimmy, what's going on? It could be anywhere. It's some sort of shadow creature. What? Jimmy. Jimmy? Jimmy?! You okay? Yeah. I'm good. I lost perspective. I can be a little stubborn. And i... hate to admit it, But there was a part of me that was really frustrated That you trusted someone else instead of me. It's funny how that happens when you go behind someone's back. My obsession... Pushed me past the line with you, chloe. I'm really sorry. But you were protecting a killer. Yeah, well, then there's that. I guess i just didn't understand How you could hand over your trust so easily to people you didn't know. 327. That's how many of the meteor-Infected i've profiled since ninth grade. And you know how many i've actually saved? None. I guess i've been so busy rescuing people from them, I never looked at it from that angle. It's not just the damsels in distress that need saving, clark. You know, when i first thought that you were one of the meteor-Infected, I would have done anything to protect you. But i guess that's what scares me. I'm afraid that someday you're gonna put your trust in the wrong person. Hey. Been waiting long? I don't know how to thank you For believing in me when i was up against the ropes. We all need someone to pitch a seat in our corner. Yeah, i guess, but most of the time, It's not a possible murder suspect standing there. Davis, you were scared and paranoid. That's all. Seriously, backing someone who's actually innocent isn't much of a sacrifice. Besides, everything with you is so... So easy. Yeah. Easy. Have you ever felt that way with anyone before? Once. With jimmy. No. Look, chloe, i'm not trying to get between you And the rest of your life, but, uh... Davis, i help people. That's what i do. You know, this doesn't have to mean any more than that. Yeah, but it does. Did you help me because of some personal code of ethics, Or was there more to it than that? I shouldn't be here right now. Why? Because you feel guilty about something? No. And i'd like it to stay that way. I think it's best if i don't see you for a while. Sorry. How could i have been so wrong about davis? This shadow guy confessed to every killing in the last few weeks. Sometimes what we think is a good instinct Is just our mind trying to convince ourself of what we want to believe. Well, he may be in custody, but that just means There's another psycho out there right around the corner. I've been here working every night, and i still have to do more. You can't allow yourself to get caught. Combing through police blotters at your desk every night, Peeling back the sides of a bus in broad daylight, Speeding into a crowded bar. You're so fixated on being a hero, You're not paying attention to who might be watching. Is this your idea of a pep talk? It's not my identity that's at risk. Every day, i have to run faster and faster interference On these mysterious good-Samaritan reports. Well, that just means i'm doing my job. Just have to make sure no one sees my face. Well, you can't be sure of that. Unless you plan to put on a mask. You're joking, right? You are not in smallville anymore, clark. Metropolis has millions of people walking the streets, Every one of them watching for a miracle To change their lives, to give them hope. You are that miracle. And it's just a matter of time before someone discovers that. I'll be more careful. Hey, clark. Perfect. Officer, listen. None for your fellow comrades... they don't want to give me the time of day. But you look like you're a thinking-Outside- The-Box kind of guy. There's a... there's a mystery hero Roaming the streetsof metropolis Look, scout's honor... out of nowhere, These tires, they come floating through the air. And this mr. Shadow guy... he gets knocked around like a ping-Pong ball. Slow down. Oh. Olsen, james olsen. Photographer, daily planet. Well, james, adrenaline can play strange games with a person. No, no. He's...  he's real. I know it. I hope you're right. We could use the help. And when you get some hard evidence, I'll be more than glad to continue this conversation. Evening, mr. Olsen. Mr. Kent. I'm gonna prove that this guy exists, c.K. He's out there. You look a little uncomfortable. You're not a lawyer. I'll take that as a compliment. Congratulations on your page 1. It's nice to have your work recognized After so many years being the good little boy in the shadows. You have more admirers than you think. My boss, miss mercer, Has been gathering a small group of talent, if you're game. You've read my list of accomplishments. I'm not really interesting in sharing top billing. Cut the bravado. You didn't commit all those murders. You're just a copycat looking for attention. Cops haven't found this yet, But we have security footage of you at an arcade during one of the crimes. It's a crime i'm sure you've studied If you were looking to mimic the real killer. You remember the nun at st. Vincent's... crushed to death. That surveillance timecode must have been wrong, because that was me. Really? Then i suppose you can tell me where her missing onyx crucifix is...