This is who's building it? The signal that we've been tracking is getting stronger. Meaning closer? It's not a weapon. It's the end point for a high-velocity space jump. It's one of ours. - I didn't see this coming. - Henry did. You knew half the town was brainwashed into building this landing site. No, I didn't. It never even occurred to me that this ship still existed, much less that it can find its way back. From where? Who built this thing? I did. 20 years ago. - It's the <I>Columbus,</I> isn't it? - The <I>Columbus?</I> That's impossible. The <I>Columbus</I> was an unmanned prototype. GD's early research into interstellar exploration. It was lost 3 years after the launch. The project was scrapped. The facility repurposed. We went a completely different direction. Apparently so did this ship. It's amazing. And a little disturbing. Speaking for those of us that turned into zombies. Good point. Do I have to worry about it, telling people to do something else? I don't think so. It was programmed to send out a pre-arrival signal to alert ground control. That's what we started to pick up a week ago. Exactly. But it appears that in the absence of landing facilities, the ship improvised and somehow got us to build the next best thing. Why didn't we identify the transmission? Why use a foreign handshake frequency? Well, the antenna array is damaged. Who knows what this ship's gone through and what other onboard systems have been affected along the way. I mean, it's possible that it sent out the only signal that it could. So I do have to worry about the zombie problem. No, no, I don't think so. I mean, now that it's returned, its mission is over. And its onboard computers have powered down, yes? So it's good, right? Sure. Still, what that thing did, it definitely left a bad taste in my brain. - Let's check these figures. - Yeah, sure, absolutely. Little disappointed it's an American flag instead of a Martian one? It's not exactly the first contact I was hoping for. But, you know, considering where this ship has been over the past 20 years, this computer could hold answers to questions we can't even imagine. Secrets of the universe. Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah. It is. Well, it's a long-term project though. I mean, it's gonna take years to analyze all that data. And it blows a hole in my weekend plans. - But... - I hear ya. No, no, I mean, there's a meteor shower on Friday. But not like haven't seen one of those so... Yeah. Well, yeah... I mean... I haven't. - But yes, I get the gist of... - Really? - But it sounds cool. They sound great. - It is cool. Do you wanna go? I'm gonna... Can you imagine how excited Nathan would've been to see this? He fought the decommissioning tooth and nail, said that we should never give up hope. Well, I guess he was right. You met Kim on this project, didn't you? We designed the computer systems. You know, she had a way of... of finding a path to a solution that was just... unexpected. The way I understand it, it was the way the two of you worked together that was so productive and unique. We were a good team. Do you hear that? - What? - The... it's making noise. Jack, I told you, it's powered down. A protocol's been initiated to open the door. - Initiated? From where? - From there. Okay, I need security here right now. Hold your fire! It's human? It's Kim. Projet-SG (1.00) Well, she is dehydrated. Her electrolyte count is down. Probably the result of plasma field exposure after landing. Otherwise, she's fine. Henry, you said this was an unmanned mission, right? Absolutely. Yeah. But the DNA tests match Kim Yamazaki. Guys, Kim died two years ago. I mean, I saw her body. And her cellular structure isn't human. That's not Kim. Okay, then. What's going on? Well, look, this ship has been traveling through deep space for 20 years. That's 20 years of cosmic rays and primordial particle radiation. - Who knows what could've happened? - The biological mainframe. I mean, it should be able to tell us what occurred on the trip. - What's a... - An organic computer. Based on neural net architecture like the human brain. Instead of circuits and wires, it processes information using living cells. It can modify its structure to solve any problem that's presented. Great. How long to boot it up? Might wanna go to plan B. I tapped into the ship using my own organic rig.</i> The onboard computer's completely fried. There's nothing left. I'm what's left. I'm what's left. If a computer can have a baby, then I definitely missed a day in Mrs. Sebert's health class. Like I said, the ship's computer was made up of living cells. Well, it doesn't exactly explain where Kim 2.0 came from or why. The ship's original system was designed for a shorter mission, right? That means limited storage. Maybe when the computer started to run out of room, it realized it needed a more complex recording medium and the human body was the best suited. Hold... let's take this one huge step at a time. Is your bio-lab up and running? I was expecting a little more ET and a little less Henry's ex-girlfriend. Start scanning her all the way down to the molecular level. Got it. I want you to do exactly the same thing to the ship. Now, you said the onboard computer was non-functioning? - I said it was fried. - Well, get to work on it anyway. There might be something left, it'll give us more than we have now. - I'm on it. I'll talk to Henry. - No, Henry has enough on his plate. That was something, huh? - You feeling okay? - Yeah, she's just been... kicking me all morning. It's a girl? I found out yesterday. Yes, I'm having a girl. Congratulations. I love little girls. I mean, no... no. Here. That's her. Maybe she likes excitement. Just like her mother. Excitement. Well, that's one word for it. Well, let me know if there's something I can do. Well, actually, there is something that you can do for me. It's very important. I'm your guy. Hey, you'll get all your stuff back. Everybody, please, just calm down. I need a toaster oven, bagel-capable. Right, white or chrome? It's bisque. Okay, I need to just check you off. The system is totally overloaded. First somebody steals my toaster oven to build whatever it was out there in the woods and now I have to wait here for two hours to get it back. There you go. This is better than the one I had. No, wait. That's not how this works. Dr. Lieber. L-I-E-B-E-R. And what can we get for you, Dr. Lieber? I'm here to pick up my 200 peta-volt boost converter. And what would that look like exactly? It's about that big. It's got lots of circuit boards. Kinda looks like any other boost converter. Lieber... I hate this thing. Probably got a virus. PCs are very susceptible. That's why I switched to an organic computer years ago. Whoopee for you. This what you're looking for? Perfect. - It's gonna be a long day. - It already is. - Next! - What can we get for you? There was a malfunction with the primary machine. Primary machine. You mean the original organic computer?</i> The primary machine experienced voltage irregularities.</i> In order to continue its mission, it created a replacement.</i> - You. - <i>I became the primary machine.</i> - What do you mean "created"? - I was grown. Grown from what? Your ship was constructed in a clean room. The primary machine was the only organic material onboard. Actually, that's probably not true. No environment is ever perfectly clean. - We took level one precautions, but... - A few strands of hair, an eyelash. A skin cell. It was fortunate that the DNA strands were intact</i> and I had such a detailed profile on Dr. Yamazaki</i> due to her involvement on the project.</i> Is this possible? The computer was programmed for self-preservation. To keep itself operating under any circumstances. So it found a flake of skin and created a whole other Kim?</i> Well, it evolved. It adapted. It made an incredible leap. But why didn't it model anyone else who worked on the ship? Why wouldn't it choose you, Henry? Kim Yamazaki's sample was the most viable. We designed it to improvise... Kim and I. I look forward to working with you, Henry.</i> It was always a great pleasure... for Kim.</i> I need something to write with. We're in the home stretch. - I don't wanna see a toaster again. - I don't wanna eat toast again. But we are gonna have to do another inventory. Maybe in a few minutes. So much stuff. Like, so many whack jobs. Very funny. What do you want? We already gave you back your thingy. This is not my thingy. This has a ZX21 ship. I don't wanna know about this stuff. My boost converter has a ZY21 ship. This is clearly inferior. - You pulled the old bait and switch. - Look around. There's not much left. We did give out something that looked like this earlier today. To who? - God. - Lieber. Yeah, that's the guy. He's been eyeing my converter for months. Easy. It was absolutely crazy earlier. Could've been an honest mistake. There is nothing honest about Tom Lieber. I'm gonna get back what's mine. Have a nice day. Add it to the "to do" list? - Brought your blender back. - Thank you. - What's that? - It's my organic computer. This gel uses electrical impulses from my hands to interface with what's left of the ship's onboard data system. I'm using it to try and pull any remaining data out of the biological mainframe. It has a light-pulse based transfer system. - It's pretty cool. - Didn't you say earlier... Yeah, I know. I said what was on the ship was DOA. I can confirm that what's in there made Kim. But that's about it. 20 years of discoveries... more knowledge than what mankind has learned since the beginning of time... is locked inside Kim and nowhere else? We've never encountered anything like her before. It's not like we can just download her. Still saying, we need Henry on this. Now that I've finished my deliveries, I think I might be able to help with that. - This isn't my blender. - What? If Lieber says that that boost converter isn't his, I say we let Fargo and him settle it in a cage match. - How 'bout five bucks on Fargo. - Nice. He's scrappy. We got your boost converter. This looks more like a haunted house than a physics lab. - Do you smell that? - It's like something's burning. Or someone. So looks like Dr. Lieber there, was electrocuted. Yeah. Probably. I still have to do an autopsy. But, yeah. You know which piece of equipment malfunctioned? Dr. Lieber was an expert in electromagnetic physics. Pick one. I'm sorry. I rebooted the power regulator so you guys don't have to worry about it. Fargo might. The boost converter he accused Lieber of stealing, it's gone. Yanked out of the panel. Tell me he didn't cause this. Well, I'll run a few diagnostics, but it's possible. Great. So how you doing with the whole... Kim thing? It's not Kim. I mean, I know it seems that it is, but it's not Kim. I'm a scientist. So whatever happened on that ship is a scientific issue. Good. Then they're gonna need your help dealing with it back at GD. Okay, I took it. Don't look at me like that. It's not stealing when you take something that's yours. What, was I supposed to ask him? Lieber? That weasel? That weasel is... he's dead. Come again. We think that Dr. Lieber was electrocuted. We're thinking maybe it had something to do with a missing boost converter. Oh, my God. I'm going to jail, aren't I? The big house. The slammer. The hoosegow. I'm gonna spend the rest of my life President of the Attia Physics club! Man up, Fargo. Henry's doing an autopsy right now. We'll have more information after that. But if you can walk us through everything that you did. And deep breaths, okay? Still no luck coming up with any kind of data transfer protocol. We connected people to computers before. The prosthetics department has been doing it for years. Well, yeah, but the information in Kim isn't centralized to a brain. Every cell in the entire organism is a data recorder. A hundred trillion cells, each with something to tell us. I mean, how much data do you think we're talking about here? I'm guessing a lot. She's been at it for hours. Ever since you gave her that marker.</i> Well, that's one way to access her data.</i> Writing and speech are the slowest methods of information transfer on the planet. Imagine if I asked you about Shakespeare and you just started writing out his plays. It would take you forever. 2,135 year and 69 days. The time it will take me to download my data using this method.</i> I've run alternate simulations, but so far, this scenario has the shortest timeline.</i> Well, we will need a better solution than that. Believe me, it'll be worth it. Take a look at this. These are what, gravity field distortion readings? Exactly. Taken from beyond the heliopause, indicating the existence of four Earth-like planets within ten light-years of us. My God. That's right in the neighborhood. Pull in any department you need. I want information transfer options on my desk as soon as possible. It might be beneficial to assemble my original team,</i> Dr. Deacon and my co-designer, Kim Yamazaki.</i> Dr. Yamazaki died two years ago. I'm sorry. That's unfortunate. I was looking forward to meeting her. I've examined Dr. Lieber's remains and the electron generator in his lab... Oh, God. And all the voltage transfer limits are within material tolerance. Thank you! Thank you! And... Dr. Lieber's machine did not malfunction or electrocute him. So I guess you're free to go. Freedom! Lunch is on me, boys. So what did happen? Lieber electrocuted his machine. A voltage pathway analysis indicates that his body generated a bolt of current that overloaded everything in his lab. It was like some sort of internal electrical storm. Is that even possible? I have no idea. It's one of the strangest things I've ever seen. An SDS scan will not be effective in decoding my amino acid construct. I've tweaked the polarities. I'm thinking we've got a shot. Moreover, there's the risk the procedure could harm my neural pathways. Come on. Trust me. I'm one of the smart ones. You could damage me and my data. We'll take it nice and slow. You let me know if there's a problem, okay? Lieber produced an electrical charge strong enough to short out his entire office and himself. Was he connected to that ship that landed, or Kim or Henry? No, he wasn't at the landing site. And he wasn't even at GD today. Initiating the SDS scan. - That was a neural spike. - It wasn't me. What are you doing? You're creating a feedback loop. Stop! Shut the power down now! Last thing I remember, I was trying to get the data out of her... and boom. I hit the grounds seeing fireworks. - Was it some kind of seizure? - Not in the usual sense. His convulsions were extremely violent and his electroencephalogram is still off the charts. Is this the same thing that Lieber had? - I'll have to do more tests. - Wait a minute. - Didn't Lieber die? - Lieber was alone. You weren't. We got to you in a matter of seconds and we were able to dissipate your internal voltage spike. So... Can I get back to work? We're gonna need you to stay here a little longer. Why? I thought you guys got it in time. We're suppressing his neuro-eletrical activity, but there's another electrical wave already building. Meaning... - This is gonna keep happening? - We're gonna find out what caused this. I know what caused this. Kim. - Where are you going? - To shut it down. - The information is too valuable. - It attacked Zane. We're doing an investigation and there are rules. Now, we have a suspect there who we're gonna talk to. Your suspect is a computer from outer space. I've reviewed the incident. And although I understand why you draw a different conclusion, my assessment is that your colleague suffers from a congenital brain abnormality. He was fine until he got in there with you. Let's just run through this one more time, okay? So the spaceship lands, and you come out. A few hours later, Lieber's electrocuted in his own lab. And then the exact same thing happens to Zane, right here, in front of you. And if I may say, you weren't too excited about the test that he was doing. Perhaps there was a malfunction with his equipment. A short in the monitoring module. That's... a good idea. We checked that and the machines were fine. How would I be connected with Dr. Lieber? We haven't figured that out yet. Perhaps proximity is not a factor in this equation. Are you saying that you could zap anyone, anywhere? That might explain what happened. And I have no memory of such an act. I'm not programmed for aggression. No, but you are programmed for self-preservation. Yes. You're right. Thanks. You should shut me down. Eradicate my voluntary functions and do your best to preserve my data. Perhaps immersion in a slurry of liquid nitrogen and argon. That's what I'm talking about. Is this your way of... admitting... that you attacked Zane? But a man is dead, and another man is in danger. And you just presented a logical explanation. Whether due to a programming error or degradation caused by my journey home, I might be a serious threat. Terminate me. She really said that? It was spooky. I mean, you gotta help me out here. Is there a person in there? I mean, is that Kim? Yes, I know. It's an organic computer programmed to act like a human. I get it. But... what is a person? Could there be... a piece of Kim in there? Scientifically... Impossible. But don't you think I've been asking myself that question since I saw her? I don't think she did it. Apparently, she does. Bottom line, we've to figure out what's going on before someone else gets hurt. Obviously, I'm gonna need you to compare what you're learning about Zane to what you know about Lieber. I'm gonna need you... to examine Kim. You know, we don't have to... save Kim... for me. I know. Okay then. Fine. I'm glad to see you. Sit down, please, and roll up your sleeve. Yes, of course. I'm glad they sent you. Why? It's only appropriate that you would be the one to terminate me. I'm just gonna take a fresh blood sample. What type of analysis are you going to perform? The usual. Will you be requiring more than one blood sample? I'd be interested in going over the results with you. Just, please, let me... - You always liked collaborating. - Stop it. This is very confusing, isn't it? What? It hurt. I did a static comparison of Zane's test result against everything from Lieber and there is a connection. - Well, we know that. - The electrocutions. No, no, it's a virus. Wait, what type of virus could cause this kind of electrical disturbance? Well, just think about it. It doesn't so much reproduce as it backs itself up, creating identical copies over and over again without mutation. Every living thing mutates. That's how nature works. Is it possible then that this isn't from nature? Well, all this talk about electricity and backups and overloads, I mean, it sounds like you're talking about a computer virus. And that's exactly right. A biological organism encoded with binary information instead of DNA and we have no defense against it. And how does it jump from computer to living person? Well, you already said it. It came from an organic computer. A living organism. So it was Kim? Or did the Kim clone? No, he's been under full bio-containment protocol since we got her here. But the virus still got out. I did a full workup. She's clean. She's not the source of the virus. Henry, only one organic computer walked off that ship. True. But there is another one still onboard. Right. Decontamination complete. - Shouldn't you be wearing a mask? - I am. It's one of those high-tech ones of Henry's. We've all got 'em. So what's all this? Treats. I brought your favorite foods. All of your favorite foods. Olives stuffed with blue cheese. Awesome. Toasted peanut butter and bacon. Egg salad. And rocky road ice cream. I love you, Jo. I love you too. That was heavy. It's the motherboard from the ship's organic computer. Or what's left of it. The entire biological matrix has been burned up. Overloaded. Looks like exactly the same thing that happened to Dr. Lieber. It's got the virus. And we have definitely found the source. Zane jacked directly into it. It must have jumped to his organic computer. - Well, he was in it up to his elbows. - How did Lieber get infected? He went organic years ago. The computers. Not the food. If he had a first generation device, he would have been more susceptible. The infection is traveling through the network. - How many organic computers are there? - There's 25 labs that are equipped. So that's... 200 people. 200 people? We've got a potential epidemic on our hands. Well, the virus is causing Zane's neuro-electrical charge to build up. I'd say two hours before he has another seizure. And this time, I don't know if we'll be able to stop it. So is this all of them? Yeah, it's everyone who had an organic computer. We quarantined all the computers. So far, we've detected symptoms in 69 people. Now, does that mean all of them are gonna get sick? Like with any virus, we assume that some will be affected more than other. The more they get hit, the harder time we'll have suppressing the symptoms. Now, what happens when or if... people without organic computers get sick? If transmission only occurs with direct contact to the computer, there's no reason to believe that's gonna happen. Other than this? We're all infected. The virus is jumping from human to human via touch using our own electrical impulses. I'm instituting a level one quarantine. Entrances to the town need to be sealed. - No one comes in or out. - What about the people here? The safest thing that anyone can do is stay indoors. - Will that keep 'em from getting it? - Well, for now, but we're dealing with a new form of infection here, one that is adapting. Our body has no inherent immunities and no way to fight it. I developed a crude test. The infection rate is already climbing. How long do we have? Well, based on the timeline for Zane and Lieber, in 12 hours, you won't be able to find anyone who isn't infected. What about Kim? I mean, you tested her, right? You said that she wasn't the source, so that means she's immune, right? Maybe. Well... Probably. I mean, the original computer could've written immunity into its code as a protection, so he could be our answer. You're disregarding your isolation protocols. We realized that you no longer pose a threat to us. Are you sure? Sheriff Carter presented a very logical and compelling argument. He worked just as hard to prove that you had nothing to do with what was happening to us and that you might be able to help us. I believe that there are antibodies in your cells that could save Eureka. - Do you need more tissue samples or... - Actually, I think we should work together. I'd like that very much. Just so I know what I've got to look forward to, are you experiencing any symptoms? Tingling in your extremities, blurred vision... Being able to power a flashlight without batteries? - Yeah, like that. - No. I'm good. It's not looking good for the meteor shower. This will keep you from being hooked up to a suppression unit for a few hours. - It's an electro-resistant gel. - Sounds good. Bad news is it's gonna hurt. - How much? - Jo didn't complain. Well, that's not particularly... - Now I got tingling in my extremities. - I'm sorry. Jack, we found something. Jack was right. Before the original computer was destroyed by the virus, it designs and encodes an immunity for its replacement. - Have you been able to isolate it? - Yes. We have. Great. What you got? Booster shots? A patch? - That's getting old. - Yeah, it's not gonna be that easy. There's a difference between our immune system and that of an organic computer. Traditional methods of immunization just aren't gonna work. What about Zane's goo thing? It was attached to the ship. He said it used light? The human optic system is a lot like that of a computer. It's a light-based information transfer system. So can we use eyes to transfer the information? Our eyes process visual information and turn it into a series of signals. That the brain can understand. Which means we might be able to distribute immunity - within an intense beam of... - A spectrum-tuned light. But hold on, that's a lot of power. Maybe 30 to 40 petavolts per byte of distributed information. That's the output of the North American power grid for a year. We've got maybe ten hours. Suggestions. We have fusion cells in chemical storage, but it'll take days to get up and running. - Antimatter generator. - Prototype's not ready. How about plasma? That's good for big, high energy bursts of power, right? What? I pay attention. Plasma might do it, but we don't have the components to build one anywhere near big enough. I think we do. But I'm gonna need the blender back. Please form an orderly line. - <i>Your items will be returned to you.</i> - Next. I am gonna get this toaster returned to me, right? Lawn sprinkler. 15 inches. Looks like titanium alloy. - Excellent. Thank you. - Tower three. Fifth bay. Just above the resonance coupler. We've had 16 more cases in the last hour. We laid the immunization data into a pulse generator at 510 nanometers. - Green light. - Thank you. I've alerted all departments to shield their optical equipment. What about our optical equipment? This wavelength of light won't cause ocular damage. - It should only affect the virus. - Here's hoping. All right, here we go. 60%. 70%. It's powering down. - Power down to 30%. - Okay, what's wrong? - We're missing a component. - Did you collect all the pieces? No, I went... Are you kidding me? What happened to respect for personal property? - What happened to saving people's live? - Better late than never. He has some good qualities. Okay, are we ready to try this again? Cross your fingers. 80. 90. 100. All checked out. I was really worried about you. Me too. How are you feeling? You tell me. Any sparks? Just the good kind. I bought you a change of clothes. Thank you, Henry. You're welcome. What happens now? Well, there's still an incredible amount of information locked inside of you. And we have to figure a way of getting it out safely. So we have a lot of work to do. Together. Then let's get started. Oldest story in the world. Boy meets girl. Boy loses girl. Boy meets computer. Well, everybody needs a hand to hold. This is a really weird town. But I like it. Kinda. Can't believe I've never done this before.