- Why? - Beverly is involved. Carter follow a road that goes right through Henry and leads right to Kevin. He controls the field now, Allie. He's evolving. If they get a hold of Kevin, he will never have a normal life. We have to get that thing out of him. I'm shutting down all research into the artifact and the accident. I'm sorry, Henry. Okay, fifth geometric postulate. Math is useless, bordering on futile. But you have to pass it. And how can you hate something that's perfect? There's no wiggle room. I like things messy. But chaos theory states that there's an underlying perfection to the randomness of all things. Like if I did something completely unexpected... It'd be totally perfect. And not at all futile. Now close your eyes. I've got something for you. Lucas, it's so pretty. Working here! So... did you ask your dad? Well, not yet, but with his weekend plans, how could he say no? Oh, thank you. - You're welcome. - Thanks, Vince. So I'm closing up tomorrow at five. Then we can be on the road by six. I... found my old waders, by the way. We don't have to actually fish, you know? You're kidding? How often is it that I find a girl who likes to fish? Anything else for you guys? - No. - Hey, hey. Let me get that. Ready for the trip? Dad went out and bought a new pair of waders. Really? Thanks. What are you doing, Zoe? What do you want? What do I want? How could you say that? I'm hurt and offended. Okay, this sounds like a private thing. - I'll see you later. - All right. - Bye, Zoe. - Bye. See you later. Don't worry. You'll have plenty of time together this weekend. Whatever happens fly-fishing, stays fly-fishing. - In separate rooms. - Yeah, okay. But since you're gonna be gone, I thought that maybe... I could have a few people over, to keep me company. Like a party? Like a... Slumber party. Maybe, how many girls we're talking? Roughly five or six. And... Maybe five or six boys. Dad, we're not kids anymore. Then they're definitely not gonna spend the night. Here's the new not-kid rule: no boys. - But Dad... - No buts. No coffee! Put your finger there. Put your arm up. And you're good to go, kiddo. Loss of hemoglobin makes my blood sugar low, you know? Well, you know what else I know? The cafeteria has chocolate chip cookies today. Go ahead. I couldn't let him do that by himself a month ago. He communicates so well now. Just like a normal kid. It scares me, Nathan. I'm afraid of what the change might be doing to him. - You're thinking about Carl Carlson. - Aren't you? He's the other person who's had a connection with the artifact. - Not like Kevin. - If only a fraction of it killed Carl-- I'm working on it. I'm not gonna let anything happen to him. Hey, Jo! What, what? Is it a... What is it? Free donut day at Cafe Diem? No. A crowd control call. Excuse me. - Is that...? - Gold. Beats free donuts. The Projet-SG Team presents: Timing: Golgi, Linwelin, Moochie, Ricana. Transcript: swsub.com Edition: Golgi, Linwelin, Moochie, Ricana Proofreading: Golgi, Linwelin. - Season 2 | Episode 12 - All That Glitters (v. 1.0) Well, it looks like... Pure... 24 karat... Gold. Wasn't there a... fairy tale about turning metal into gold? The ancient science of alchemy. The modern term is transmutation. People have been obsessed about this myth for millennia. You're still okay to take some samples, do your thing? I'll try, but I'm not sure I have the right equipment in my garage. Why don't use your lab at GD? Don't have a lab at GD. I was locked out. - What? - Someone is denying me access to Kim's artifact research. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you? I don't think so. Well... I'll find out what I can about... golden boy. Anything else you can remember about the statue cleaner?</i> He had an accent. And no respect for privacy. Did you see his name? No. Wait, wait. Yes. On his overalls. Are we done yet? - Yeah, we're done. - Okay, your turn. Your date with Zane. All-nighter? That would be none of your business. I have to live vicariously through you, since my dad shut me down this weekend. - Yeah, I heard about that. - If I wanted to have sex with Lucas, I wouldn't have to wait until my dad went out of town. Okay, but you're not. Right? Relax, I've seen the after school specials. And I mean, Lucas is a perfect gentleman. Odd, yes. But... a complete romantic. Look. Very medieval. Yeah, so... Now that we know that my virtue is still intact, let's talk about you compromising yours. Look at the time. Gotta find Rudolph. So how did this happen, Carter? - Henry's working on it. - Good. From his garage. I gotta ask. Did you shut him out of Kim's lab because of me? You said he wasn't being honest about the accident. It's a security issue. Well, I didn't say he broke the law. I mean, I just said that he might know something. And I just... Okay, I'm gonna need access to Kim's lab, so when should I stop by? This is getting serious, Carter. If you do an investigation, you're gonna have to do everything by the book. You're gonna need to make an official request. Since when? I'm sorry, Carter. Yeah. Me too. As long as we're being official, I'm gonna need to see Beverly Barlowe's classified GD File. You need to make an official request for that also. Allie, I am looking at Kevin's blood cells from last week and from yesterday and... There's been a mutation. Almost evolutionary. Nathan, not "almost." Nathan, he read my mind. What? Last night, Kevin knew exactly what I was thinking, before I even said it. I guess if his blood cells are evolving, his brain cells are too, but telepathy? Carter's not gonna give up his investigation. He wants Beverly's GD file. Give it to him. He'll need to talk to Beverly to make a case. He'll never find her. How can you be so sure? Trust me. You notice anything different about the statue? What's to change about a statue? What were you using on it? The same cleaner that I use on that statue every year. We're gonna need a sample. It's expensive. It's evidence. It's outside. I will bring it from the truck. Happy guy. Probably wasn't allowed to have a social life as a child. Come on, Jo. I can't let her have a boy-girl sleepover while I'm gone. Do you really think she's gonna do anything? It's not her I'm worried about. It's hair boy. Would you be less worried if there were adult supervision? Well, yeah, but she's not gonna have a party if I'm there. What about me? You? Three brothers, always wanted a sister, and besides, she'll think you're a god if you say yes. Yeah. And perhaps no one will tell a certain dry cleaner that you've never been fly-fishing a day in your life. I've been fly-fishing! Once. Bring it back. If it turns anything to gold, I could use a new truck. Is there anything else you can tell us about the statue? It's too tall. Anything strange about the metal's composition? You want to know more? Go talk to the artist. Christopher Dactalos. He will give you a three-hour lecture on why his hangnail should be in the Smithsonian. Can't wait. Thanks. I thought you moved all your research back to GD. - Nathan, what are we doing here? - Giving you some peace of mind. Transfer papers need to be signed in order to complete the delivery. The package is now under your jurisdiction. The DOD has hereby disavowed all knowledge of it. Understood. Nathan, what is going on? Why are you involved with the DOD? Identity confirmed. Oh, my God. Who is that? There is no place like home. Where did you find her? Solitary at Guantanamo. From the looks of her, it wasn't too pleasant. Again, Nathan, why have you been talking to the DOD? I bargained with them. Gave them evidence to prosecute Beverly in exchange for letting us talk to her. - What evidence? - A recalibration device Henry found on Kim's computer, and video of Beverly putting it there. Nathan, you said we were in this together. Why didn't you tell me? Plausible deniability. Why do you think your signature's not on the transfer form? Now... I think you should talk to her first. She might trust you more. Mr. Dactalos? It's sheriff Carter. Hello? Hello? Newton's third law of motion. For every action there's an equal and opposite reaction. You... push something here and it creates chaos where you never expected it. So I presume you're here about Pythagoras. - Yeah, yeah. You, you sculpted him? - Cast-iron mold. The mold's on display at the Smithsonian as an inspiration to young artists. Well I guess it'll be more famous now that it's turned into gold. Any idea how? Gold would never be my medium of choice. It's far too malleable. What do you know about alchemy? Some say it was the first science. Practiced by intellectual leaders throughout history. In the Middle Ages it even incorporated an occult component and many alchemists were burned at the stake. What's the crime in trying to create gold? The crime of trying to control nature. The age-old struggle between man and God. Anything like that at GD? The last of the known alchemists were Eastern European, but the fall of Hitler and the rise of particle physics hastened their demise. And that should save you the Google search. - Yeah. - Now, if you don't mind, I've got a piece in the furnace. So... Sure, sure. Thank you. Identity confirmed. Looks like I'm not the only one surprised to find me back in Eureka. Why, Beverly? Why would you betray your government? What could possibly be so important? Oh, come on, Allison. You haven't had the big office for that long. There are obligations. We have that go beyond governments. Things we need to protect. The way you protected Kim Anderson. Things did not turn out the way I planned. I never meant for her to die. Well, tell that to Henry. I need you to tell us what you know about the Artifact. Now, why would I tell you if I didn't tell those nice men at Gitmo? Look, I never want to go back there again. If you help me, I will help you. The only way you can help me is to get me a deal. And the only way you can do that is by using your position to protect me. But you would never do that, would you? Depends on what you know. So if I tell you everything, you will use your influence with the DOD on my behalf? I'll think about it. Why, Allison? Why would you betray your own government? What could possibly be so important? So the handyman is from Slovenia? Used to be Yugoslavia, part of the Medieval Holy Roman Empire. History in witchcraft and ancient practices. What, like alchemy? Rudolph was born there in 1959, learned his trade from his grandfather, and he owes the bank of Eureka $68,000. Texas hold'em online. Maybe Rudolph's working on a way to settle that debt. Thank you, thank you, thank you. - Oh, I'm glad. - You're the best. Almost god-like, I'd say. And I promise, no, no sex, no drugs, no rock and roll. You... You can have rock and roll. Oh, and whatever Jo says, goes. Yeah, and she's gonna be armed, so Lucas stays 3 feet away from you at all times. - Three feet. - Dad, he's... He's not like that. He's respectful, and kind, and generous. Sounds like you're dating the Pope. Oh, and look what he gave me. That looks expensive. That wasn't gold before. Vincent? Calm down. We're on our way. They're looting Cafe Diem. All right, stay here. Where were you raised? Prison? Hands off my bundt! That's telling him, Vince. What happened? Okay, first, the utensils turned to gold, then the counters, then the silverware. And that's when they turned against me. Like vultures. Like greedy little genius vultures. I thought intelligent men were above such things. Really? It's just so shiny. Hey. Please tell me you got a handle on this, cause I got a town full of petty larcenists. - Everything metal turned into gold? - No. Only in certain places. The kitchen, the counters, - some stuff on the tables. - But nothing in that half of the room. So it's probably not airborne, or everything metal would've changed, because the substance we found on the statue works like bacteria, converting the molecular structure of metal into gold. So I'd say it's a contact issue. One infected metal touches another, and then it spreads. Okay, so if the bacteria was on the statue, something touched the statue, and that something was brought here... - Exactly. - Okay. I'm gonna need a list of everybody who came in here yesterday, and if you can remember if they were wearing or carrying - something that touched the statue. - Okay. Thanks. What uh-oh? Zoe's bracelet. We were sitting right here when she showed it to me. She said Lucas gave it to her. And they were by the statue. That would do it. Yeah, but she's safe, right? I mean, people are safe. It's metal to metal only. She's fine. It looks like we have a gold epidemic on our hands. We just became the richest town in the world. Well, that's one way to look at it. Gold is a soft metal, so it doesn't bear the same weight as steel, so our infrastructure could be collapsing. We'd be rich, but dangerously unstable. Like Paris Hilton? Now what? - Excuse me! Excuse us! - Excuse me! Excuse me, sorry. Stand back, please. - This is corrosion. - Ma'am... How's that even possible? It could be some kind of... Parasite, feeding off its host, mutating into a metal-eating bacteria, which means, any structures made of metal, could deteriorate just... We've an outbreak on our hands. The town's been sealed 2 miles around. No one in. No one out. I've called for backup. There has to be a massive energy source to be doing this. No, Henry says it's a bacteria. Changed the metal into gold, now consuming it. - Henry? - Yeah, Henry. He did the initial tests, and... Look, whatever's going on between you two, I need him on this one. Tell us you know what this is. Definitely a mutation on the original strain. It's like someone flipped a switch and turned it into a voracious metal-eating bug. How fast will things continue to deteriorate? The answer lies in determining when and where it started. Good. Cause Jo and I have to figure out where it went. Identity confirmed. Hello, Nathan. You've become quite the man behind the woman. Let's not pretend like we were ever friends. Fair enough. I presume you're here to offer me a deal too. Tell me what you know about the artifact, you're free to go. I know what you know. Maybe I'll come back in a few days. I do know it's capable of human interface. But you know that too, don't you? How do I disconnect it? I don't know. But the energy release can be life-threatening if the cellular mutations are reversed, which is why he is probably already dead. I don't accept that. How do I help him? Help who? I was talking about Carl Carlson. Who are you talking about? Rudolph, you in here? Looks like the refurbisher needs some refurbishing. And the tools that crumble like the statue. And this entire shed. Carter, over here! It's Rudolph. - He's pinned. - Hey, there. Are you all right? It's not safe. - I'll lift, you pull. - Leave me. You have to get out now. Swing... There you go. Going down. You got it. Rudolph's cleaning solution couldn't be the source.</i> It was stored in a metal can, that hasn't been affected,</i> - and neither has his truck. - Well, I've cobbled together a rough time line which seems to indicate that the statue wasn't the initial source either. So... Something touched the statue, and then moved into Cafe Diem. Right. At approximately... 3 to 4 pm. Right as school got out. - Man. - What? No, I'm... I'm about to lose my god-like status. This is the most humiliating thing you've ever done to me. Give me time. I'll top it. I need to know everything you can remember about where you got it and who sold it to you. I didn't buy it. I made it for her. She likes blue. Eyes front. So you made it. What, by yourself? Out of what? - Scrap metal. - He's really talented. It's a... Interesting hobby. It's not a hobby, it's a class. Metallurgy. I take it at school. So the scrap metal came from Tesla? No. The advanced class goes to the professor's studio. Would that be professor Christopher Dactalos? One of the greatest artists of the 21st century. That's all for right now. Thanks, Lucas. - So is my boyfriend un-arrested? - He was never arrested. Boyfriend? Yeah, well. Play your cards right. New piece? Destined for a museum in Prague. Sounds important. What would be the point of creating something if it wasn't important? Or perfect? One of your students used a piece of scrap metal he found in this studio to make a bracelet. He washed it in hydrochloric acid and... It transmuted. Sheriff, I cannot be held responsible for the mistakes of a novice. Hydrochloric acid, you say? Interesting. I know alchemists work in secret, but I need to know what you did to that piece of metal before Lucas washed it. I need to search the premises. Starting... with that cellar right there. Well, I presume you have a warrant. No. I just have this. This is what's happening to your statue. That gold is transforming. Be careful with that, Sheriff. You could be responsible for unleashing the destruction of Eureka. Somebody already has. Yes, apparently my student. Albeit by accident, he tampered with a formula historically designed to destroy whoever tried to master it without the proper knowledge. So it's a trap. It's called the alchemist's curse. It's designed to trigger chaotic mutation. So... Metal to gold, gold to rust... Rust to god knows what. Now, if legend is correct, it will change again, and again, and again, till it eradicates the civilization that fooled with it. Babylon. Atlantis. The Maya. They all came close, and look what happened to them. We know it behaves like a bacteria. And we have 99% of the answers right here. It would take a genius of an unnatural kind to come up with the last 1%. I'm afraid the alchemist's curse has found its next victim. Us. Okay, right there. See that? yeah. Perfect. You're getting good at this, Kev. Maybe one day you're gonna be the head of GD just like your mom. It makes her worry too much. Well, it's a big job. She's worried about me. You both are. We just wanna know what's making you change, that's all. And you think she can help? Do you? Your mom told me what you can do. I think it's pretty cool. Sometimes. Can you do it now? Can you tell me what Dr. Barlowe's thinking? What she knows about what's going on with you? Guests usually knock. Friends don't usually care. Jack found the metal source, which could quite possibly help us come up with an antidote for the bacteria problem. - Okay. I need to get Kevin home first. - I'll take care of him. Jack needs your biochem skills right now far more than mine. I'm sure he'll need us both. Come on, Kev. Let's go see your mom. We found the source of our problem. All we have to do... Is deliver it into the hands of the genius who can abuse it. - It's good to see you too, Christopher. - You two know each other? Yes, we started at Global together. - We had similar interests. - But different approaches. He thought the future held answers. I believed in learning from the past. I'm really into the present, so let's continue this reunion downstairs. I've read about these. Secret workshops where alchemists are protected from arrests and even death. But that was back in the day before the enlightenment of science. Modern science is not that enlightened. Then magic's for losers. And... wizards. And has no place in science. Well, this is fascinating. We have a town that's about to collapse. I mean, can we fix this? He says that if we do something wrong, the bacteria will mutate like a... A built-in curse. Or a built-in security algorithm? - Or that. - Why do I recognize this? It's related to the r-process of the supernovae, which creates heavy metals from lighter ones. Like gold from lesser metals, but this one's incomplete. No, Lucas added, hydrochloric acid. If that helps. Maybe, I might be able to figure out an antibody if I work backwards. The great Nathan Stark. Always coming to the rescue. Finally you understand the importance of things that came before you. But you know, you're under arrest for withholding information and obstruction of justice. You're gonna have to come with me. Lupo! He's on his way up! - If we got what we need, we gotta go. - Give us a minute? Yep. You know where I saw this before. It's Kim's research on the artifact. - Leave it, Henry. - Nathan, I can help you. Guys! We gotta go. No. You can't. The Cafe Diem outbreak infected the buildings on Main Street, then tainted vehicles spread the mutation through the town and forced the closure of the Da Vinci Bridge. - What about Global? - The building frame is steel, but it's encased in concrete, so we should be fine. Maybe it was an earthquake? Code orange. Engineering team to Allison Blake's office.</i> Code orange. Security breach. Unauthorized entry. I knew you'd find a way in once you knew I was here. After what I discovered? You're damn right. You mean after you found what I left for you. Come on, Henry. Give me a little credit. You don't think I accidentally left behind the one thing that could explain Kim's death, did you? I knew you'd find it. - Why? - Because you deserve to know. And because you're the only man in this town who could understand why I had to do what I did. Understand? You killed the woman I love, and there is no reason in this world that I shouldn't do the same to you. It was an accident. And you already know the reason or you wouldn't still be talking to me. It is the same reason Allison took Kim's research from you and gave it to Nathan Stark. The Artifact is capable of human interface. Carl Carlson proved that. And now it's connected to someone else. And you know who it is. Yes. He's the receiver now. He's connected to the akashic field. All the collective knowledge of the universe? It's real, Henry. And that kind of energy cannot be contained for long. It could kill him. So that's what Nathan's been working on. Trying to... separate Kevin... from the field. There are some things we aren't meant to control. Because it's in our nature to abuse power. We're not ready for the responsibility. So what is it you're asking of me? That creaky noise. Louder to the left or to the right? Never mind. Nathan, are you any closer to figuring this out? It all makes sense until I get to the end of the equation, and then... If I make a mistake, it'll mutate again. - What's going on? Where's Kevin? - He's fine. Wanted me to give you this. He's been obsessed with it for hours, like he's channeling something. And he's convinced it's going to help you. Well, it's the formula. He finished it. But... He's never seen it. How? I don't ask those questions anymore. Help. Help! Evacuate all non-essential personnel right now. Give project heads and emergency crews one hour. - What happened? - The ceiling collapsed in section four. If the floor goes next, no one will make it out. - Stark found anything? - Works on the antibody - for the metal-eating-bacteria. - Allison. Look, now is not the time to get into it, but... Henry and Stark are involved. - I heard them talk about Beverly. - There's a collapse in section four we need to stay focused on right now. Fargo is down there. Please find him. Eureka. Can you hear me? - Please tell me it's not just you. - You're welcome. How you doing? You in pain? My leg's stuck, but I don't think anything's broken. Okay. Carter, what's going on? I found Fargo and what's left of section four. We're gonna need a rescue team down here as soon as we can, okay? Better send them quick, before the beam corrodes. Happy thoughts, Fargo, happy thoughts. Carter, Nathan's got something to stop the rust,</i> but it'll take a while to culture enough for the town.</i> Just gonna need to shore up the beams under Fargo before the floor collapses. That's not a happy thought. Hang on. I repaired the beam in section two last year. Dangerous job. We can't go from the top. Any more weight would compromise it. So we go in from the bottom? There is a crawl space big enough for a person to slide in and apply the antibacterial solution, but... The whole thing could collapse while the repair is being made. I wouldn't do it. Even if my leg wasn't broken. Crap. I'm right underneath the section four collapse. Can you hear me, Fargo? Still here. You should be coming up on to the first beam now.</i> Yeah. I see it. - <i>It's pretty bad already.</i> - Thanks for the update. Yeah... how do we know this stuff isn't gonna make it worse? Worse? My information comes from a pretty reliable source. It's weight bearing. Go ahead and spray it. How much of this metal-eating bug spray do I use? As much as it takes. If we die... At least we die together. Lucky me. - <i>Carter.</i> - It's not working! - Give it time. - Easy for you to say. It's working, Fargo. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Well, Fargo, now you and Carter can live happily ever after. You wanna know what my happy thought was? Some things are better left unsaid. Not a bad turnout. Yeah, if there's one skill that comes naturally to me, it's party planning. I can think of other things that come naturally to you. Welcome to the party, Sheriff. Sorry your getaway was cut short. Yeah, thanks, SARAH. How's... how's security? No physical damage to the property. And... Other stuff? Small dancing, couch sitting, and two people currently in the front closet.</i> What are you? You're supposed to be watching... Well, I was watching her, and she was watching me, so... Yeah, okay. - Henry. What's up? - <i>We still have a problem.</i> Bring your biohazard suit. This man only died a week ago. And this is all that's left. Bone fragments, ceramic dental crown, and a plastic stent implanted in this dead man three years ago.</i> Don't like where this is going. What if the metal-eating bacteria mutated again before we caught it all? Right here in the morgue? It started jumping to people? I think it's attacking the iron in our cells, and this body</i> is ground zero for the next stage. I hate this day. Now, I'm gonna run some tests, and hopefully it'll remain a contact germ,</i> - <i>but if it goes airborne...</i> - <i>Yeah, I gotta tell Allison.</i> I already told her, and Stark. Now, I'm sure he's on it. We'll take care of the science. You take care of the town.</i> People may have to get out of here real fast.</i> That's it. You ready? I need to get Kevin home. Are you okay without me right now? You need to get some sleep too. Allie, I am looking at the formula, and if I can figure out a way to shut down Kevin's progression the same way I shut down the rusting bacteria, I... - Allie, I'm close. - I know you'll find a way. Yeah, I'll come up. I'll help you get him to the car.</i> Okay. Henry, what are you doing here? It's late. How is he? Kevin is fine. I know what's happening to him. Same thing that happened to Carl, same thing that killed Kim. Exposure to the Artifact. Leave this alone. Too late. Why? Because of Kim? Because of me. Any luck with the second antibody? For? For... the new mutation. The flesh-eating bacteria. You know, your first antibody triggered another change. What? Impossible. I know that formula was correct. And why do you think there was another mutation? Henry said he told you. Dammit. Evacuation protocol initiate... Is that Beverly? - Oh, no. - What's happening? - It's a red level security breach. - The bacteria mutated again. It's lethal to anything organic,