- and you know who it is. - Kevin. He controls the field now, Allie. He's evolving.</i> If they get a hold of Kevin, he will never have a normal life well, we have get that thing out of him. Any structures made of metal could deteriorate just as badly as... Definitely a mutation on the original strain. It's like someone flipped a switch and turned it into a voracious metal-eating bug. What if the metal-eating bacteria mutated again before we caught it all?</i> It started jumping to people? - It's a red level security breach. - The bacteria... It's airborne. Oh, my God. Is that Beverly? Biohazard detected, section four. All personnel move to emergency exits. - What the hell just happened? - Code red biohazard activates the panic room protocol. The director's office becomes a bunker in case of biological attack. What about an airborne bacteria? - What are you talking about? - Henry said that the bacteria mutated and consumed a corpse in the morgue. We was afraid that it had become airborne. Looks like he was right. Dr. Stark, we've had to quarantine section four and the people in it. We need everyone else into decontamination. No, we have three adults and a child-- He's right. We can't help if you and I are on the menu. They're in the safest place in this building, sealed a mile underneath. If we're gonna help, we need equipment and a plan. And we're really not giving you a choice, Sir. - Mom? - It's okay, baby. Something set off the panic room. Well, I don't care what set it off. We are getting out of here. I want to know how you got out, and what the hell you're doing here. Why don't you ask Henry? We're here for Kevin. My lab has a communications link. Once the panic room is secure, a direct line to the DOD is activated. Allison should've been in contact by now. I'm on it. This place would collapse without me. It already has. Connecting general Mansfield now. Ah, Dr. Stark. General Mansfield, have you spoken to Dr. Blake? We've been unable to make contact. Panic room should've hooked up automatically. Well, then I guess we can assume that the system's failed.</i> Now we are going to need an acting director until we can establish contact.</i> In light of the evidence that you presented before the review committee,</i> - I'm appointing you. - Review-- What evidence? What?! That Dr. Stark was in no way responsible for the accident that killed Kim Anderson.</i> Who was? Beverly Barlowe. She's in that panic room. You know that, right? I thought you had her under control, Dr. Stark.</i> Working on it, General. We kind of have bigger issues at the moment though. Yes, we do. The detection system is showing us that the outbreak is spreading beyond section four.</i> The release of an airborne pathogen like that would be catastrophic.</i> Now if we cannot keep it contained, I will order a thermal cleaning of that entire facility.</i> General, a thermal cleaning will wipe out all organic material in GD. It will set our research back decades. Not to mention kill everyone in section four. Well, then I guess we better get it contained.</i> You had proof that Beverly killed Kim, and you didn't say anything? - I couldn't. - You couldn't. It's complicated. You knew she was a subject in an investigation, and you brought her here behind my back. And now she's locked in a room with Allison, Kevin, and Henry. Now... Does he know that Beverly killed Kim? Who do you think gave me the evidence? Call Taggart. Get him to meet us at GD. Bring the bio suits. Why? 'Cause we're going back in. The Projet-SG Team presents: presents: Timing: Golgi, Moochie, Ricana. Transcript: swsub.com Edition: Golgi, Moochie, Ricana. Proofreading: Linwelin. - Season 2 | Episode 13 - A Night at Global Dynamics (v. 1.0) I still can't believe I let you talk me into chaperoning. Hey, no one snapped off your fingers. The ease with which you say that is almost as disturbing as it is hot. I know. Hey, chia pet, wanna dance? Well, when you ask like that-- A biohazard's been detected at GD. All residents must remain indoors. All bio preservation lockdowns are engaged.</i> Jo, where's my dad? These suits should protect us from the nasty little buggers.</i> What do you mean should? You guys ready? - Roger dodger, Fargo. - All right,</i> once you exit the elevator, radio signals will be jammed by the building's security system and we'll lose contact. You have to reach the main communication center in section four.</i> If it wasn't damaged by the collapse, you should be able to contact the panic room from there. Good luck, guys. What do you want with my son? I think you already know, Allison. You certainly worked hard enough to keep it a secret. You even locked Henry out of Kim's lab when you thought he might figure it out. Is that why you've done this, Henry? To get back at me? You know we so well. Apparently I don't know you at all. He's doing this because Kevin now embodies the Artifact. He's the conduit to the akashic field. And you people are incapable of handling this kind of power responsibly. Spoken by the woman who's responsible for Kim's death. How can you trust her after what she's done? Because this is more important than me, more important than Kim, more important than any of us. Kevin is connected to something that needs to be protected. There have been only a few others who could access the field. People whose brains were tuned just right. Da Vinci, Tesla, Einstein. Kevin may outshine them all. We need time with him to see if we're right. Well, you have a lot of time now. This bunker is stocked with enough supplies to last a year. We're not going anywhere. Okay, your dad is with Stark and Taggart. They had to go back into GD. Oh, my God. Dr. Fargo is at the door. Hey, Jo. I thought you were staying at Stark's lab. I was, but it was kind of creepy in there. I realized I may have a way to stay in contact with the sheriff and Dr. Stark. SARAH'S CPU is tied to my computer at Global. Down periscope! That's been here the whole time? - Did I forget to mention it? - Yeah. We use SARAH to slip in through a backdoor to the brain at GD. - We? - Once a backdoor link's established, there's nothing I won't have access to. I think you mean there's nothing I won't have access to. Boys, there's plenty of backdoor access for everyone. That didn't come out right. Okay, just make it happen. You got anything yet? Not yet. This sensor's designed to detect any known strain of bacteria. But if it's a new one,</i> it may not pick it up. Oh, very helpful. - I think it's to the left. - I'm pretty sure it's to the right.</i> Straight ahead, mates. I told you we should've gone left. You mean right. Not helping. A bacteria did this? Well, that was before it found the iron in our blood tastier than metal.</i> Looks like we'll have to go up over the top.</i> - We'll be electrocuted. - Just don't touch the wires.</i> We'll have better access if we go under. - Yeah, and more unstable. - You're unstable if you want to go--</i> Shut it, both of you! You're like a couple of old women. I've determined the path of least resistance.</i> We're going under. I love small spaces. I hate small spaces. It's like returning to the womb. It's a disturbing thought. - We need a bigger womb. - That's it,</i> I'm going up over the top-- Well, that was exciting. Carter... Thanks. No problem. You say that we're not responsible enough to handle access to the akashic field. What makes you any different? It's not me. It's the group I work with. Who are? A consortium of people who have the world's best interests in mind. We will give Kevin all the care and protection he needs. Like hell you will. Like I said, there's no way out of here. You and I both know that's not true. There is one way out, and your security code can access it. - No. - No? One way or the other, we are taking your son! Communication room's down past the morgue.</i> I hate the morgue. What's wrong, Carter? Afraid they wake up?</i> Yeah, I think they're gonna wake up. Dr. Stark? Is that you, Fargo? Yes, Sir, I hacked into-- We hacked into-- the mainframe using SARAH Good thinking, Fargo. Dad, going a bit far to cancel my party, don't you think? Ah, you know me. Three feet, Lucas. Get your hands off her.</i> How did he know? I know everything. - Jo. - Hey, what's happening? We're not sure, but Beverly's locked down there and she might be involved.</i> Hey, Jo. Hey, Tag. Tag? We can monitor your vitals now, and help you navigate the building. Can you patch us into the panic room? No, it has an encrypted protocol that only the DOD has outside access to. And they haven't been able to reach them either.</i> - What is that? - The sensor that monitors the suits.</i> I'm picking up the wireless readings here.</i> One of you is losing pressure. Better check your suits. It's me. You've been exposed, mate. Dr. Stark? Say something. I'm headed to the right place. You got a hypodermic laser? This should stem the infection. And if it doesn't? I'll be a lot thinner. Sorry. Let's keep going while I still can. - You don't want to do this. - You don't want anything bad to happen to your son. Now you know how this ends if you don't cooperate. So please. I'll be right back, honey. - What is this place? - It's a last resort escape unit for the head of GD in case of a security breach. The SRT. Subatomic Reconstructive Transport. Teleportation? But this is a banned technology. All active research was outlawed by the Stockholm treaty. After the prototype was created. We never did human trials. Yet, here it is at your disposal. It's interesting how you can skirt the rules when it benefits you. Well, it's not benefiting me at the moment, is it? Does the technology really work? The last primate trials were successful. It's DNA specific. Essentially, it reconstructs you at a destination point, leaving your former body behind, like a snake shedding its skin. Where is the destination? A fully stocked bunker 1 km outside of town. But that's its maximum range. The greater the distance, the greater the risk of complications. And there were many more complications after you left the project. You want to do this? Be my guest. God knows how you'll come out on the other end. But there is no way that I'm letting you put my son through that thing. Then say good-bye to your son now. It's his only chance. All right, we're in. What do we do now? You should see a computer console as you enter the room.</i> Bring up the panic room intercom link. That should put you in direct contact. Allison, can you hear me? Allison, are you there? Hang on, I'm trying to circumvent the security wall. - Try now. - Allison! Something's jamming the signal. It's not working. Something's working. What? What "uh-oh?" I think you made it mad. The security mainframe is a learning system, and because of you it's gone into defense mode. What kind of defense mode? That kind. Move! That's a motion-activated photon defense array.</i> They're screwed. We can hear you. Sorry. It looks like you can access the weapon's power supply - through the panel on the east wall. - And the west wall. There are two panels. One mainframe and a backup power supply. But you're on your own with this one. We can't get through the firewall. Damn it. Two panels, three of us. How hard can that be?</i> It's a nasty bugger. It'll cut us down long before we reach the panels.</i> Unless someone draws its fire. Why do I always have to be the someone? Any day, Carter. Yeah, you want to change places? You just be my guest.</i> I can't watch this. Just remember. Serpentine. Three... Two... Don't die... One. I'm here! I'm halfway! I said serpentine! Shut up, Taggart! Running out of places to hide. I've got mine. Taggart? Trying! Hang on, I'm trying! Dad! I hate this building. - You all right? - Yeah.</i> - What now? - Listen.</i> - What is that? - Guys...</i> We're picking up heat signatures down the hall from you. Where exactly? In-- in the morgue. I swear to God, if this thing turns into a zombie attack, I am quitting.</i> You ready? You want every single second. Is that a yes? See, I told you I heard gunfire! Man, what the hell are y'all doing here? We were trying to isolate ourselves from exposure to the outbreak. Thanks for opening the door. You've isolated yourself in the room where the flesh-eating bacteria began.</i> - Flesh-eating? - Flesh-eating. Is anyone suffering any ill effects? No. Flesh seems to be right where it's supposed to be. It doesn't make sense. They should all look like this by now. Henry said this was the first victim.</i> - No way a bacteria did this. - I'd say acid.</i> So does this mean we're good? No. This means Henry lied. About a lot of things. There isn't a biohazard! This is a hoax. Why would Henry lie about a deadly outbreak? - To get everyone out of the building. - While he and Beverly were coming in. Must've tricked the computers to think there was a bio-threat. You still there? Yeah, we are now, but the building's security keeps shutting us out. What do you see now? The sensors still detect a biohazard, and it's spreading through Global. That's a problem. Why? It's not real. Gen. Mansfield doesn't know that. And if the system tells him there's a threat, he has to trust it. He'll be forced to follow all biohazard protocols, and he will order a thermal cleaning. Fargo, try to get through to him. We've gotta get these people out of here. Well, I can take them, Sheriff. By yourself. Well, I think I can handle a building. Taggart, this building is in defense mode. It's not gonna let you just walk out of here. I welcome the challenge. All right, troops. Let's move out! - We are so dead. - I heard that. I'd like to speak to Kevin alone for a minute. I'd like you to go straight to hell. Trade you favors. We're almost ready. What happened to you? - Why are you doing this? - I lost the one person I truly loved. Trust me, that's not something you want to feel. There's still one thing I'm trying to understand. Just one thing? Well, you brought Beverly here in secret because-- Because you're a horrible human being. But why did Allison go along with it? Did you ever think maybe she was trying to protect me? No, that's not it. Unless... she was trying to protect Kevin though. She said he was changing. It scared her. That's why you and she were working on the dream scanner. Look, Carter... Kevin was in section five when the artifact exploded. We hoped he didn't get exposed, but... - he did. - But he didn't... Burst into flames or-- He's not wired like anybody else. In fact, somehow he connected to it. He can control the energy. And I'm afraid it's gonna destroy him. So I've been doing everything I can to disconnect him from it. Disconnect. All you've ever wanted to do was connect with it. Yeah, you're right, but not at the risk of Kevin. There's nothing I wouldn't do for him. Or Allie. Then, protect them. I will. Biohazard detected, section three. Oh, God! Please tell me you have a plan to get us out of here. Relax, mate. I always have a plan. So, Fargo, still with us? Yeah, for the moment, but the connection's intermittent. Fargo is your brilliant plan? Hey, you're lucky to have me, Larry. I'm gonna take my chances flying solo. Adios, muchachos! Good, I'd rather let the computer defenses take care of you anyway.</i> - What? - what? - What? - <i>What?</i> Kidding. We've contacted Mansfield to call off the thermal cleaning</i> and shut down the defenses in section three.</i> That's your best way out. I- I didn't say that. - Well then, who did? - Damn! This thing's good. The defense system captured your voice to mislead them. They can't hear us anymore. Don't listen to me! Fargo, you still there? Sure am. You're doing just great. It's not far now, Tag. Only Jo calls me that. That Zane seems like a nice enough fella. He and Jo make a handsome couple, don't you think? I couldn't agree more. They're repulsive! - The real Fargo would know that. - You'll never find your way out. - Resistance is futile. - Oh, my God! We're all gonna die. Relax, mate. He's fallen for one of the classic blunders. What's that? Never go in against an Australian when death is on the line. What are you doing? I've tracked polar bear across the arctic tundra in a blizzard. It's all about the intuition, mate. This way! - Didn't expect something like this. - You just don't know Henry. It doesn't make any sense. Why would he shut down Global? Why would he lock himself in a room with Beverly when there's no way out? Because there is a way out. When I first brought Henry to Eureka, I was working on a subatomic reconstructive transport chamber. - Do I really have to ask? - Teleportation. Basically, it rebuilds a body to a new location using essential DNA markers. And one of the byproducts of the process is the ability to filter out contaminants or health hazards. What, so if I go in when I'm sick I come out healthy? Exactly. Oh, no. Essentially, it could separate Kevin from the akashic field. But... Kevin's DNA has been fundamentally altered. Henry needs both profiles, but he doesn't have access to Kevin's original DNA profile. So what happens if Kevin goes through now? - Is it me or is it getting hot in here? - It's the building. Microwave antipersonnel defense. We gotta get out here before our insides boil. Oh, my God. Fargo, open the door! How do we shut it off? I designed it. I didn't install it. - You've gotta shut it down. - We're trying. It's anticipating every attack. Then change tactics. You've got a better idea, I'm all ears. We have to provide a DNA profile for the SRT to build on. Okay. Just mine? No, I'll be doing this for each of us. There we go. So that's me. - That's you. - Yeah, you can hardly see the cloven hooves and horns. You know, I'm really not the devil, Allison. If anything, I'm trying to protect Kevin from people who might be. - What people? - The DOD, the CIA. Come on, once they find out what he can do, and they will, he will be a lab rat for the rest of his life. Is that what you really want? Do you want to do this or shall I? Attention. Intruder alert. Attention. Attention. Intruder alert. Attention. Attention. Intruder alert. Kevin, honey. Remember the other night when you read my mind? - Yes. - Can you do it to others? Can you feel if there are others coming to help us? Yes. They're coming. The computer's been lying to us. What if we lie to it? What do you mean? Well, its goal is to eliminate the threat. So let's do it first. - You want us to kill them? - Just make them appear dead. Those are their vital signs, right? The security system is picking them up? - Yeah, so? - Can you change them? Maybe we can. You mean, if you make it think they're already dead, it'll stop cooking them? Let's hope. I've got Dr. Stark's vitals ready. - And I've got the Sheriff's. - So do it. Numbers dropping. Approaching critical. That's it! As far as the computer can tell, they're dead. - It's not working. - Give it a minute. - They don't have a minute! - Come on, come on, come on. - Yes! - Yes! Oh, thank you Jo. This doesn't mean we're friends now, does it? - Hell, no. - Cool. - You okay? - Yeah. Never buy another TV dinner, but-- yeah. Come on. Access to the panic room is right down here. Nice invention. It's time. Henry, how can you ask me to do this? He's my son. I'm asking you because he's your son. It's the only way. For him. Don't worry, Kevin. Everything's gonna be okay. Not for everyone. I know this is unbelievably hard, but you're making the right choice. I know I am. That was the wrong choice. Stay away from him, you bitch! You have no idea what you're sacrificing. I know what I'm not sacrificing-- my son. Allison, wait! Henry, you push that button, and I will kill you. Let me explain. Why would I trust anything you have to say? Mom, wait. Listen to him. Please. Could we get any closer? Room stops 100 feet below the lowest level of Global. We'll have to climb the rest of the way down. Yeah, you should probably let me go first. Why? Heights make me nauseous. After you. Gotcha. I'm not working with Beverly. There is no flesh-eating bacteria. I reprogrammed GD's security sensors into thinking there was. - Why? - I knew you tried to separate Kevin from the akashic field. I realized when I saw the alchemy formula that the SRT Chamber was the way to do it. Why didn't you say something? I tried, but you and Nathan froze me out. You didn't trust me. Almost there, Carter. I never thought I'd be so relieved to get to the bottom of an elevator shaft. - You okay? - Yeah, yeah. I'll feel better when we get inside. Hey, Carter, I just want you to know I... I appreciate everything you've done. Let's do this. Only two more firewalls and we're in control of the whole system. For years I've wondered what goes on inside of his head. Is it what you hoped for? Better. I know that he's happy, and that's all I've ever wanted. Henry, if this works, will he be like he is now, or... how he used to be? His autism is likely to return. I'll be fine, Mom. Don't be disappointed. Honey, it's okay. All I care about is that you're safe. See you in a minute. Don't do it, Henry. We have all the knowledge of the universe at our fingertips. It could be centuries before someone else connects to the field. Think about what this means, Henry. - What we could learn. - It's like you said. We aren't ready. I can't let you do this. Or what, you'll do to me what you did to Kim? If that's what it takes. Drop it! Henry, not you! - This could save him. - It will kill him. You don't have all the data. What are you talking about? What data? His kb-201 file. It has his original DNA. You need both profiles. Which I would've told you if you'd bother to come to me. I did, and you refused my help. This is how you fix it? Put innocent lives at risk? And she's how you decide to fix it? All right, this stops now! Everybody just... Take a breath. This is over. No, Carter, it's not. Kevin will die if I don't do this now. I've been tracking his mutations. The Akashic Field takes over his brain. The only thing Henry's right about is that the SRT is the way to separate him from it. This is your call. Allie, pull up the file. You all are about to make a mistake of biblical proportions. Wouldn't be the first time. I've recalibrated the destination coordinates right back to this room. The markers are set. Let's do this. Three... - <i>I love you, baby.</i> - <i>Two...</i> I love you too, mom. One. He should be right here. Where is my son? Allie, his body may not have been able to process-- No, baby! Mom? Mom, where are you? Oh, are you okay? Get a blanket. Here. We gotta shut this down or there's gonna be a thermal cleaning. I can't, something's overriding my control. Take that! General, you have to believe me. The virus is a fake. And there are people inside who will die if you do this. You are asking me to trust you over the most sophisticated computer system in the world.</i> I'm asking you to trust all of us. - Only one firewall left. - <i>Oh, I want to, Deputy.</i> But there are strict protocols in place. As a soldier, you should appreciate that.</i> Great leaders know in combat you sometimes have to break protocols, Sir. You of all people should appreciate that. It just doesn't make sense. It's like someone on the outside is-- I'm giving her all she's got, General. Boo ya! Last wall down! That's it! Resetting the system now. Yes! Way to stick to your guns, Deputy. Well done. Thank you, Sir. You were amazing. Thank you. Ready to get back to your party again? - I really am. - Yeah. - Not bad. - Not bad yourself. You did great. System's reset. Nice work, Fargo. SRT transfer sequence initialised. - Beverly, no! - What the hell? Damnit, her DNA's already programmed in the system. She reprogrammed the coordinates. She could be anywhere now. - She'll be found. - No, she won't. And... it doesn't matter now. Holy crap. I did it! Thank you! Oh, thank you. Dr. Blake. - You all right? - Yes, Sir. With everyone's help here. - Where's Beverly Barlowe? - She's dead. Not much left. And we'll deal with this internally. I would love to know who's responsible for all this. I am. How's Kevin? Well, he slept till noon, but he's back to his old self. Thanks to you. I promised you I'd take care of him. I'll never be able to thank you enough, Nathan. I don't want your thanks, Allie. I want you. I almost lost you both. and I'm tired of pretending that I'm okay with us being apart. I'm not. - Nathan-- - You and Kevin are my family. and I won't be happy until we're together. Marry me, Allie. Again. Ready? As you can see, my escort's already here. Just putting the last few things in order. Is there anything I can do? No, I mean, they have to do what they have to do, cause I did what I did. and I'm willing to pay the price for it. Good. You ended up saving Kevin's life. They'll take that into consideration. But that's not for us to decide, remember? No, it's not. Sir, it's time. Well, you're not alone.