- Yeah, two. - One black and one with milk and... - <i>Three teaspoons of sugar.</i> Yes, I know. Good memory, SARAH. I locked it in the system preferences after the third night.</i> Yeah, but not that you're counting, right? I could do that all day. Call in sick. I can write a note to your boss. - You are the boss. - Yeah, temporarily. And as tempting as that sounds, we're testing this new supercollider at GD today, and if all goes well, we actually could prove the existence of dark energy. That old bag. That old bag is the key to understanding the laws of the universe. You should come. It's gonna be quite a show. Not the kind of show I care for. Okay, we can save that show for later. Hands where I can see 'em. Good morning, Zoe. I should probably go. - I'll see you later? - See you later. Have a good day. Go ahead. I know it's killing you. No, she's adorable. You can't give me grief about Lucas. Yes, I can. It's not the same thing. What's with the sweats? Dive meet at 1:00 for Pilar's biotech final. Since when do you dive? Since I stupidly agreed to be her guinea pig. Novice divers controlled by neural-muscle remote. - You don't have to come. - Are you kidding? I wouldn't miss it. My God. What's wrong? I got offered early admission to an undergrad pre-med program at Harvard. You... that's fantas... But that's not for, like, two years. Everyone at Tesla applies early, and they only accept a few people for admission, and they picked me. - But, I mean, you have a B- average. - Which is like an A+ in the real world. And it's not all about GPA. Someone wrote a letter on my behalf. They did? It starts next semester. Can you believe it? It's soon. Are you okay, Sheriff? I'm picking up a spike in your blood pressure. I'm excited. I'm freaked out. But I'm excited. - Thanks, dad. - Yeah. - I have to go call Lucas. - Sure. - It's amazing, right? - Yeah. My God. Yeah, it's... huge. It's devastating. We were going to apply to the same schools. She is a special candidate, and there was only one spot. - I'm special. - Yes, you are. But it's not just about IQs, and, besides, you know, you can join her next year. This just wasn't part of the plan. Well, life rarely goes according to plan. I mean, take Kim's ship. I lose it 20 years ago. And it returns with enough data to unlock the secrets of the universe, and I get to share it with one of my best students. I appreciate the opportunity, Dr. Deacon, but all the data in the world can't take the place of the woman you love. I'm sorry. I meant Zoe and me and... It's okay. Really. Check out the scan of our solar system from Kim's data. Look at the distortion on the northern edge of the heliosphere. Could that be what I think it is? Nemesis. - It's not the end of the world. - Easy for you to say. This is an amazing opportunity. You should be proud of her. I am proud. I just got blindsided. I thought we had another year together. Fresh muffins. - Get 'em while they're hot. - I love muffin Monday. I can't. Sarah said that I have to watch my blood pressure. The end of the world is coming. The people have a right to know. And with you around, it'll end sooner than later. And that doesn't help. You can't do this, Fargo. It's putting us all at risk. - Who did what? - It's what they're about to do. Ignore him. It's not us this time. It's Nemesis. Nemesis? Is that like a supervillain from your fantasy justice league? Oh, it's real. And that is an awesome name. Nemesis is a neutron star theorized to be in binary orbit with our sun. It crosses Earth's orbit every 65 million years, causing an extinction-level event. Like a killer asteroid? That's not even the half of it. The tidal stresses from the star's gravitational pull could cause a sudden reversal of Earth's magnetic poles and unleash earthquakes, tsunamis, total global chaos. The world could literally be turned upside-down. All right, I'll check with Henry. How much time do we have? If we're lucky, maybe 2,000 years. 2,000. See, that's not so much a problem, so next time, don't bury the lead. Exactly, kids. Sheriff, the real problem here is the supercollider these guys are about to test. It'll wipe us out long before nemesis gets the chance. Histrionic much. That thing makes the hadron collider at CERN look like a slingshot. Mark my words, some things should not be messed with. Like the laws of physics. For once, Larry makes a fair point. So the laws of physics are in peril, my daughter's moving out, and the world's coming to an end? I say, have the muffin. I'll have the muffin. Easy, Fargo, that's a $10 billion piece of equipment. You break it, you buy it. All right, that's it. Radio isotopes are in place. Ready to smash some unstable atoms together at nearly the speed of light? You know, when he says it like that, it doesn't sound like a good idea. Okay, kids. Here we go. Isn't this exciting? If we find dark energy, we could prove the existence of the Higgs boson, discover the nature of quark-gluon interaction, maybe even find a true unification theory. I love it when you talk nerdy to me. Particle velocity is at 0.50c. .70. .80. Should we be wearing safety goggles? Don't worry about it. I'll protect you. .9. - What's happening? - I don't know. - The field sensors are off-scale. - Power surge in the delivery arm. Damping rings are destabilizing. Projet-SG (1.00) You okay? Everyone okay? Why are we talking like chip and dale? Liquid helium cools the magnets surrounding the collider tunnel. - The ring hit the supply line. - You think? I'll shut off the line and open the surface vents. I knew we should have worn safety goggles. Safety goggles are good. - Now what the hell happened? - Fargo happened. My part went flawlessly. You screwed up the containment field calibration. I checked them a dozen times. They were spot on. They're not now. Yeah, take a look at that. This can't be right. There was a high-voltage spike in the damping ring stabilizer. - And it just snapped? - No way. The stabilizer unit, it's shielded. Something or someone did this. But this is a critical test in proving the laws of physics. Who would want to stop it? I think I might have an idea. You can't say I didn't warn you. That's why we're here, Larry. You think I messed with the collider? Are you insane? Just following leads. You seemed vocal about wanting to shut it down. Freedom of speech. Just because I thought it was a stupid idea doesn't mean I'd act on it. You did hijack Martha. One tiny lapse in judgment. And I never hear the end of it. Truth is, I should file a complaint against them. For what exactly? Contaminating my experiment. My fem-bot prototype was working perfectly... Do I really want to know this? She was working perfectly before I went to get my coffee, when I came back after the collider accident, she was completely non-responsive. Maybe she's just not that into you. How could the collider affect your mechanical girlfriend? You think they call it dark energy because it's friendly? They have no idea what it can do. The embedded controller's fried. No wonder the balance was off. I'm just glad you're okay. Actually, Julia, I'm not. My brush with death and this Nemesis thing has made me realize that life is short and fate is cruel. Especially around here. There are so many things I want to do before I die, and I know we haven't been together for very long, but I'd like to do them with you. What did you have in mind? I made a list. Feel free to add to it. Skydiving over lake Archimedes. Bungee jump off the Da Vinci bridge. - Go on a high-speed chase? - I figured Jo could help us out. I mean, she'd probably enjoy it. Fargo, what is that? No, it's an incredible opportunity. I just... I just need a little more time. Bye. Let me guess. Time share in Boca. Actually, a job opportunity. After Allison gets back from maternity leave, I am officially unemployed. What is it? A private funder is building a new ultra-large radio telescope array, - and they need someone to run it. - Congratulations. And where is it? Australia. That's far. And you're considering it? They made me the job offer a week ago. So before you and I... You okay? You could have mentioned it before. At the time, it didn't have anything to do with you. So... Right. The collider accident may have been more serious than we thought. Larry says that dark energy might be the cause. Okay, well, first of all, the accident was contained. And second, can we get back to us? You know, I really have to deal with this collider thing. Well, don't worry about it. I got everything under control. Not a word. Come on. - Hey, Julia, what's going on? - I don't know. Please hurry. Hey, Martha, what's up? I am. Of course you are. - It's gotta be a gravity anomaly. - Well, or a Fargo anomaly. What button did you push this time? Can you not recognize a victim when you see one? You know, he's right. There's nothing in this lab that could cause that. Maybe he brought it in with him from the lab that exploded. The collider has nothing to do with gravity. The dark energy? You don't know what that does. You can't track it around on your shoes. Guys? Can we maybe focus on getting me down before gravity returns? It's okay, honey, I got you. You know what, Fargo, why don't you try pushing yourself away from the ceiling? No luck. - Missed it by that much. - Oh, my God, Fargo, are you okay? Remind me to cross base jumping off the bucket list. Yeah, let's get you to the infirmary. Who knows what you've been exposed to? I have an idea, but I wanna talk to Zane. It's not the collider. I've told you everything there is to know. I just need to talk to Zane. Ladies and gentlemen, for the next event in the Tesla biotech dive finals,</i> the 10-meter board. Our first contestant, Samantha Welke,</i> will be attempting a 2 1/2 forward pike</i> with a 2.1 degree of difficulty. Samantha's dive will be controlled by Kelsey Hess.</i> Damn, she's good. But I'm better. I'm not gonna get electrocuted or anything, am I? Relax. It's a subcutaneous, nuclear, neuro-stimulus system, totally waterproof. So much more advanced than skin contact. Wait, subcutaneous? What the hell? The biometric sensors need to be injected into all of your primary joints. Damn it. The sensors will read the signal from my remote to control your body. All you have to do is relax and score a perfect ten. Well, you didn't tell me about the pain. I can't believe this could be our last dive final. Pilar, it's our first dive final. So, not so sentimental. Okay, but everything we do now could be our last everything. At least you care about that. Lucas couldn't be bothered. Oh, God, I can't believe I'm doing this. Ready to warm up? Oh, God, this is really disturbing. Jack, don't walk away from me like that. I'm just trying to do my job, so I can get to Zoe's dive thing. You know, and my watch is broken. Yeah, I know. I heard about Harvard. - Are you okay? - Well, it's every dad's dream, right? Can we talk? What do you wanna say? - I mean, you knew you were going away. - I haven't decided if I'm gonna leave. - You didn't mention the job offer. - I haven't accepted it yet. I'm having a rough day, so what do you want? What do you need? What do you want? Whatever makes you happy. Tell me you figured out this dark energy problem. Well, theoretically, the power surge could have produced a negatively-charged strangelet, or possibly a monopole, or maybe even an itty, bitty black hole. Itty, bitty black hole? Yeah, but none of those things happened. Including a dark energy leak. Well, you seem pretty certain. How do you know? Because the stabilizer froze. It broke down before it even started. It crashed before it smashed. You satisfied I told you everything I know? - How's Fargo? - Melodramatic and anemic. - I'm glad to hear it. - No, actually, he's quite anemic. He's been taking iron supplements all of his life. Wait, iron. I mean, that fits, right? Everything that was metal got stuck to the ceiling. Wait, so Fargo was a human magnet? Something produced a wellspring of electromagnetic energy, and I suppose Fargo got caught up in it. What time did the collider break down? That would be 10:06. That's the same time that my watch stopped. What if whatever messed it up also messed up the stabilizer? An intense electromagnetic energy field could have frozen your watch gears. And the stabilizer gears on the magnetic damping rings. Call me if you find out anything. I'm late for Zoe. Tough break. I'm having second thoughts. You already got into Harvard. The rest of us have to prove ourselves. So mush. Okay, okay, I'm going. Oh, God, please don't make me belly flop. Next up, the team of Zoe Carter and Pilar Reed.</i> Zoe will be attempting a back 3 1/2 somersault</i> with a 2.9 degree of difficulty. Wait, she can't do that, can she? She doesn't have to. I'm controlling her every move. Nuclear neuro-stimulus technology. Nuclear? Hold on, hold on, stop, stop. You're okay. I think I know what caused it. This is a satellite image from the time of the anomaly. Now you see that red patch over the Tesla pool? That is a hot spot of electromagnetism. Intense, electromagnetic fields can cause hydrogen and oxygen atoms to split. And would that make the pool look like it was boiling? You have two highly combustible gases ignited by the transmitters under Zoe's skin and, bam. And this is the same electromagnetic field that pinned Fargo to the ceiling? Probably. There's a whole band of it fluctuating over Eureka. I saw a computer simulation... Fargo's computer simulation of what happens when Nemesis passes the Earth. But that's 2,000 years from now. What if somehow Nemesis is already here? I am sorry I missed your meet. I heard your performance was explosive. Funny. I think my dad was really panicked for a second there. I don't think that's gonna change anytime soon. You know, it's hard to protect your kid from across the country. Yeah, I guess. And, like me, he's gonna miss you... A lot more than he lets on. He tried to be cool about it, but I could completely tell. You should talk to him. Yeah, you're right. I was just so excited to tell Lucas, but he couldn't be bothered to care. I wouldn't be so sure about that. I heard what happened. I feel like a jerk that I wasn't there. But I had good reason. Can we talk? Please? Are you sure you don't need to throw up again? I think I got it all out of my system on the way down. At least you get to cross skydiving off the list. You know, I'm thinking maybe we can scratch off anything to do with plummeting to my doom. You know, Fargo, there are things that we can put on the list that don't involve mortal danger. Such as? I thought this didn't involve mortal danger. Everybody down. There's no way a neutron star could be anywhere near our solar system. Not the real Nemesis. A man-made copy. The similarities are remarkable. This growing electromagnetic field has all the properties of a massive magnetic polar disturbance. How massive are we talking here? I'm in the middle of something here. So am I. All the metal at Café Diem just took off flying. - It hit Café Diem. - Tell her it's dissipating. It's dissipating. Hang on, Jo. I'm not the one hanging. Cross knife-throwing off the list too. Never mind. We're good. Keep me posted. - Café Diem. Where's it heading next? - No way to tell. The magnetic field shows fluctuating energy that comes and goes. It's the same effect we see over time when the Earth's magnetic poles reverse. But magnitude stronger and faster. Right now it's localized in Eureka. But if the energy keeps building, it won't be for long. If it's only happening here, then someone here must have caused it. So what I need to know is who could have created a mini death star. Well, they would have to have detailed knowledge of Nemesis in order to replicate the effect. Please. Give me a little credit. Credit. Maybe that's what they wanted. Credit for what? For starting an extinction-level event? Or stopping one. Saving the world looks pretty good on a resume. But it's 2,000 years away. They would have to have access to Henry's data. What kind of novice would attempt something so dangerous? A novice who doesn't want his girlfriend to leave him behind. I can't believe I almost lost you today. But you didn't. And you won't. I don't know. Harvard's a long way from here. I want to be with you always. Me too. That's why I've been working so hard to keep us together. I mean, I want to be with you. No distance can take that away. - Dad. - Sheriff. And now my perfect day is complete. Please don't blame him. It was my idea. Tell me you're talking about electromagnetic energy. Oh, I think she is. Is this a micro-electromagnetic pulse simulator? Pulse amplifier. At least it's supposed to be. I haven't gotten it to work yet. - Well, don't be so sure. - What? Come see for yourself. Henry, the machine isn't even on. It's on stand-by. It worked. I mean, it worked. What is that? That is a new magnetic pole. You mean, like the North Pole? It's about to be. This is very, very bad. How in bejesus' name did you create a new North Pole? Ignore the crazy man, Lucas, and just talk us through it. I used the data from Kim to build the simulation of the forces that Nemesis would create when it passed Earth. To measure the relative change in gravitational pull. Right. Then I designed the electromagnetic amplifier to lock our planet's poles in place so they wouldn't reverse. But my test failed. Well, not so much. There have been magnetic problems all over town, including what happened to Zoe at the pool. But my amplifier isn't even on now. And it's only a scale model. It doesn't have enough juice to cause something like that. Unless there was a boost from somewhere else. The explosion from the collider. I think your amplifier threw off the magnetic stabilizers. And that surge in electromagnetism fed back into the strength of the amplifier, creating a loop of building energy, and, voila, a new North Pole. I swear, I had no idea. You are gonna have to tell Santa that he needs to move his workshop. Lucas, what were you thinking? That you were leaving. And I couldn't handle it. I thought maybe if I came up with a solution to Nemesis, then Henry would write me a recommendation letter like he did for you, and then we could go together. I'm sorry. You know what, I meant to talk to you about it, and I just forgot. I'm sorry. All right. How do we shut it down? I don't know. I mean, we're witnessing a electromagnetic runaway. Lucas lit the match flamed by the collider and now fueled by the Earth's own magnetic field. If we can't break the cycle, the planet will experience the same thing Lucas was trying to prevent. A spontaneous polar reversal. Guess this would be a bad time to ask for that recommendation. That's a new one. What's up, Jo? Small issue. The new magnetic pole is gaining strength. That looks bad. That is the buildup to a spontaneous polar reversal. Fluctuations in the magnetic field are causing random surges all over town. Point taken. Well, but the surges aren't that random. Look at the energy output. They all have a negative charge. If we could create a controlled burst of positive electromagnetic energy, we might be able to cancel that out. How do we do that? Well, we'll load a tactical missile with a positron payload and launch it directly into the center of the pole. It's a piece of cake. Just had to say it, didn't you? The town's grid is down. That presents a small problem. And by small you mean insurmountably large, yeah? Anything outside of GD that runs on electricity or batteries is affected by the pole. Cars, computers, tactical missiles. All our normal delivery vehicles are useless. How about an abnormal delivery vehicle? What the... And now I know the world's ending. You ever hear of knocking? No! Obviously. What are you doing? Living life to the fullest, Sheriff. - Now did you need me or... - You, no. Martha. When everything was on the ceiling, she was unaffected, so... It's because she's made of nonmetallic composites and rad-hardened electronics. Close enough for me. Martha, Fargo, come. With me. Okay, just one second. How much longer? We're loading the positron beam emitter now. Give us five minutes. Let's hope she doesn't miss. Dad, wait. I told you to stay in the rotunda until we fix this mess. If you send in martha, she'll fry my amplifier. Your amplifier caused this problem, so I'm thinking that's a bonus. You don't understand. The amplifier's off. But when martha hits the pole with positrons, the EM pulse over my garage could turn it on. So if it surges now, it'll only make the pole stronger. Like throwing napalm on a campfire. We're screwed? Not if we reverse the polarity of my amplifier. It would then emit a positive charge and increase the punch of martha's positron beam. Exactly. Okay, tell me what I have to do. The pole is centered above the garage, so you'll never reach it. It's the eye of the magnetic storm. And the effect is 100 times stronger now. Then I'll take off my jewelry first. A field this strong can affect brain function, causing a synaptic misfire. A complete loss of motor control. Then maybe you can give me a hand. I'm done. Okay, you're all set. Dad. I don't want you to go. The feeling's mutual. Me going off to college and you risking your life are hardly the same thing. It's my job. And if I don't risk my life, then you won't have a college to go to. None of this would be happening if I wasn't leaving. God, if something happens to you... Zo, I'm gonna be fine. The first thing you've got to do is find Lucas's amplifier.</i> This should be fun. That's it, right there. I feel like Frogger. Stop stalling already and move. Don't boss me, blondie. What is that for? For saying blondie like it's a bad thing. All right, I'm here if you need me. Jack, the pole is gaining strength. You have to move fast.</i> You think? For your sake, Lucas, this better work. Jack, are you okay? Perfect. Can't move my legs. Or arms. The field affects his nervous system. He's losing muscle control. Hang on. I'm gonna help you up. I don't like this at all! Jump! Jump! Hang on. Sorry, sorry, I'm just getting some electromagnetic interference. We lost the signal again. How will we know when to launch? I'd say that's a good sign. - Oh, non. - What? They've launched the drone. You've got to reverse the polarity. And get out. Martha's on her way.</i> It's right in front of you. Got it! There's a dial on the left side of the housing. Turn it clockwise until it stops to reverse the polarity. Come on, Tess. A little closer. I can feel my legs. It's working. The amplifier's weakening the field. Martha's almost there. Run. Are you there? Dad, please say something. I need a vacation. You did it, Jack. I had a little help. I need a vacation. Bet you never thought you'd be happy to see them doing that, huh? I'm not sure if happy is quite the right word. We dodged a major bullet today. Yes, and he helped. We also wouldn't have needed help if it wasn't for him. That's true. But what he created will be essential to saving the planet when the real nemesis comes. You can come up for air anytime. That was quite a day. It's never dull. That's what makes this so hard. And I'm sorry for making it even harder. The reason I didn't tell you about the job offer was because I didn't know what this was between us. It's the perfect job for you. I know that. And I've always wanted to visit Australia, so... Then come with me. - I can't come with you. - Why not? Zoe's leaving. Jo can handle things here. We could have something. Would you think about it? In the meantime, if you hate it, you can come back. I can come back even if I don't. Yeah, you can. Sure this is all gonna fit? I'm making Lucas pack all the spillover in his car. So, MIT did end up taking him. Yeah, with Henry's recommendation. You know, it turns out the guy has a lot of pull. I just think he knows talent when he sees it. I still can't believe our little girl is leaving home.</i> Sarah, don't worry. The holidays will be here before you know it. You don't want me to come with you? It's sort of a dad's rite of passage. I could help. I know, but... I think this is something I have to do on my own. And God knows what havoc they'd wreak while you were gone. You know, I'm actually really gonna miss it. Part of me just kina wants to call the whole thing off. You're gonna do great. You really think so? I know so. Thank you. For what? For... never giving up on me. That was an option? Hilarious! I am gonna miss you like crazy. But I'm so proud. Well, you know, if I hate it, I can come back. You can come back even if you don't. May I walk you out? How you holding up? I'm okay. Really? I think sometimes change is good. I was about to grab a vinspresso. You want to come? Yeah, go ahead. I'll catch up. And there was a package that came for you. I put it on your desk.