Mr. Henry Deacon! I've figured out why your hormones are so out of whack... you're having twins. You've allowed a breach of security to turn into a potential catastrophe. Where's Thorne? I want you to arrest her. You disobeyed a direct order, and I can't look the other way. Eureka no longer requires your services. You are fired, Carter. This is a very impressive resume. You've had a long career in law enforcement. There's never been anything else I wanted to do. Experience matters to us at the Department of Homeland Security. Now, for the last two years, you've been in small community policing. I grew up in a small town myself. Anything exciting ever happen? What are you doing? Just your normal small town stuff. So how did the meeting go? It's weird interviewing for a new job when you can't talk about your old job. The government protects its secrets, and you've seen a lot since you're here. Tell me about it. Compared to this, Homeland Security's gonna be dull. Forgive me, but I'm actually hoping you don't get the job. - I gotta go. - Anything I can help with? I'm trying to nail down a radio diffraction grating. The EHF antenna array is still getting crackles. What do yot think? - Good luck. - Catcha. - Did they offer you the job? - They told me they'd let me know. But when will they let you know? Will we have to move right away or... I don't know, but no more Vinspresso for you. My life is in complete turmoil, and you think it's hilarious? I don't. In fact, I told 'em I can't start until you finish the semester. I'm gonna make this as easy on you as I can. Vince, can I get a burger? A simple meal for a simple man. It's not gonna be the same without you. Can you try and hold it together for just one second, please? Thanks. A coffee and a doughnut! You're already eating like a Sheriff. It's a 16-grain protein bagel, and I am not Sheriff. All right, acting Sheriff. Just until the DOD makes it official. You happy? Carter, you know I've always wanted your job. And I deserve it. And I'll probably do it better than you did. Yeah, you will. I want it, but not like this. I know. I'm proud of you anyway. Look at you! It's hard not to. I'm starting to create my own gravitational field. It agrees with you, being pregnant. I needed to see the both of you. About the Sheriff's position. General Mansfield came around and he's gonna rehire Carter? Congratulations, Sheriff Lupo. It's not Jo either. Sorry, they have hired a replacement. He will be here any minute. So I guess he sent his stuff ahead. And he's late on his first day. He gave me his phone number. Let me give him a call. He sent his cell phone ahead? Hello, Dr. Blake... Deputy Lupo. And you must be... That's very creepy. That is the latest in dynamic copolymers. Is this one of your freaky inventions? This is a $2.9 billion DOD program. I'll have him on duty in two shakes of an artificial lamb's tail. On duty? Are you saying the new Sheriff of Eureka is a robot? The biggest advance in soft-robotics since the Furby. You can't expect just any anthropomorph to replace Sheriff Jack Carter. That's it. Passed over again? I don't think so. Come on. I quit. I am not working for that thing! You can call me Sheriff Andy. Hi, Sheriff Andy. Projet-SG (1.00) Eureka can't have an experiment in charge of law enforcement. You needed a Sheriff, and the prototype was ready. Would you prefer to leave the position vacant? I would prefer re-hiring Carter. Sheriff Andy is programmed with the latest protocols in criminal investigation. He is designed to be ahead of the problem, unlike Carter. Look, I know Carter has a unique investigative style, but his record speaks for itself. Yes, it does. Dr. Blake, you are now the sole head of Global Dynamics. Your plate is full. Don't waste your time worrying about Carter. Good evening, Sheriff. Yeah, not so much. - What's this? - <i>Ask your sister.</i> Why doesn't that surprise me? Come on, Jack. Look, it's so cool. Let me guess. A baby aquarium? No, it's a tensor field generator. It creates sort of a zero-gravity bubble, and it's totally portable and easy to use. For my home birth. Dr. Fielding says this way, when my babies are born, they'll just sort of drift, totally weightless. Not weightless, Lexi. The tensor field repulses most of the gravitons, but the subject retains 0.0096% of its original weight. Weighesess enough for me. I've gained ten pounds in the last day. - Ten pounds? - Shut up. Try making two whole people. Fair enough. I'll come back for the generator at a better time. Dr. Fielding, it was nice to see you again. A pleasure. I had to cite him for overloading the power grid. Try to be nice, I'm trying to get the twin discount. Sure you should be planning all this stuff? We're not even gonna be here. Stop it. You're not going anywhere. Excuse me, Sheriff. I'm monitoring a bulletin on the public safety network.</i> Numerous fallen trees have blocked the road.</i> You can get "Sheriff in a box" to handle that one. Dr. Blake was involved. - You okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. The road's just blocked. We're trying to get a crew out here. I believe public safety is no longer under your jurisdiction. I'm just out making sure everybody's okay. I appreciate. Sheriff Andy has been notified. Clearly everything's fine. You okay? All right, everybody get away from the treeline. Come on back. How are you tonight? Evening, folks. Seems like you found yourselves a bit of excitement, huh? - Welcome to Eureka, Sheriff Andy. - Thank you kindly, sir. We didn't get a chance to talk when you were unpacking me. There's time for chitchat later. Right now we gotta stop the traffic... Done. I've dispatched roadblock drones. They should be on station... And there they are. We also got to get a medical team. Don't you worry about it. I've got it covered. I've got a complete suite of medical diagnostic tools. Just some frayed nerves is all. Excuse me, Dr. Blake, your baby is a-okay. Amniotic fluid levels, pulse ox, all perfectly normal. Pregnancy is such a miracle, don't you think? Seems like Sheriff Andy has everything under control. I sure do, but thank you so much for your assist. Now, if you'll excuse me. All right, people, move away from the treeline. I'm sure you wanna observe your new Sheriff in action. Move to the side of the road, away from the treeline. I guess I'll get out of the way. Hit me, Vincent. Are you sure, Sheriff... Jack... Mr. Carter? Thanks. What you're looking for isn't in that glass. What if I'm looking for a banana milkshake? Then, you're good. So, what do you think brought those trees down? So far, it looks like an accident. Really... is that what the new Sheriff told you? It's his preliminary findings. And he's not my new anything. You can't be replaced by six feet of nano-polymer with a nice smile. So... the DHS called. They offered me the job. That's good news. They need me to start right away. Just a few days. You should be packing. What are you doing here? Hiding from my daughter. This sucks! You told me we wouldn't have to leave until after the semester. I know the timing's crappy, but this is the right job for me. - You already have the right job. - I know, and they hired someone else. So they bring in Robocop, and I have to leave my friends and my boyfriend in two days. Is that fair? Speaking of Robocop, there's someone at the door.</i> Hey, there. Gee, I hope I didn't catch you at a bad time. You must be Zoe. Hello. Bite me, Terminator. We're kind of in the middle here. Well, I'll be quick. I'm doing an office inventory, and I need your uniform. It's strictly for paperwork. Sure. Nice place. Thank you. I'll get out of your way. Question. Do you think those trees came down by accident? The impact pattern seems perfectly natural. But trees don't just fall down by themselves. - Actually, Jack... - I mean in Eureka. Here, when a tree falls in the forest, it's not just a tree. I'm completely confident in the results of my investigation. But thank you so much for your advice. What do you think, SARAH? I believe the saccharine Sheriff act is already getting quite tiresome.</i> Is it natural for a dozen trees to come down all by themselves? Were the roots rotting, were... My analysis of the wood samples does indicate genetic abnormalities.</i> How'd you get wood samples? The artificial Sheriff had debris on his shoes.</i> He tracked it on my carpet. Thank you. I need a tree guy. Excuse me? I need someone who studies tree genes. Does anyone actually study that? Of course. A dendrological geneticist. Great. Need one of those. Your clearance has been revoked. I can't talk to you about GD personnel. You can't just forget about it because the tin man says it was an accident. Yes, and just because he's a robot doesn't mean that he's wrong. But he's been here for half a day. It takes longer to understand this town. I mean, we got lucky. If more trees fall down, somebody could get killed. I can't. I can't tell you that Dr. Leonardo is the top GD dendrologist, and that she's working on increasing xylem nutrient transport. She has a lab over on South Goddard. I'd be breaking about 35 federal laws if I told you that. Excuse me. Yeah, I can't get anything to grow. I've got a total black thumb. I'm guessing she doesn't have that problem. Not so much. So, do you make anything out here that might make trees fall down? No, quite the opposite. We study geometrically increased angiosperm reproduction. So what's that? Accelerated tree growth. You're making some progress. We were wondering if you could take a look at something for us. Wood chips from the trees that fell. I'm actually kind of swamped. Lateral meristems aren't gonna reconfigure themselves, right? I was just thinking the same thing. But we'd love your help, to make sure it wasn't caused by your department. Thank you. So where are your uniforms? It's an unofficial visit. So is it true that you got fired? He got fired. I quit. Bummer. Thanks. So what'd you find out? I found out you're not the Sheriff. All GD research is classified. I can't talk about it to civilians. Sorry. Thank you. Topping off the batteries? Good one. Actually, I'm running a diagnostic on the security system. There seems to be some trouble with the satellite communications. When you're unplugged, I need you to talk to a Dr. Leonardo. Head dendrologist for GD? You're quick. Keep it all in the old hard drive up here. Did she say anything about all the trees that fell last night? And it was the way she didn't say anything. It's tough to explain, man to robot. Look, it's not an accident. I appreciate all your help, but I can't have you investigating. The town charter clearly delineates my duties as the Sheriff. You see where I'm coming from, right? Sheriff to former Sheriff. Sure. No problem. Got a lot of packing to do. Thank you. Don't you worry. I am on top of this. This is bad. They're never gonna let me test this top secret robot again. Stop your whimpering, son. Patch him up. I'm not a robot expert, but this looks like a dead one. This is a secure facility in which you are no longer permitted. I'm just visiting. I'm paying my respects. I don't think that Andy can be fixed. It was designed for durability. I want him back on the street, ASAP. The town needs a Sheriff. It's not just the trees. We now have a destroyed antenna dish. Somebody's gotta figure out what's happening. I don't think that Sheriff Andy is quite up to it at this moment. So if someone was gonna investigate, Henry would be... At the site. That would be a good place to start hypothetically. Hypothetically. This bolt was sheared off prior to the dish hitting Andy. It's made of tungsten carbide. It holds 29 tons. So how does a radio dish snap like a bread stick, and then crush Andy? It doesn't do either. Here, look. Someone's been working out. This is beryllium composite. Very lightweight. Something must have ripped it off the tower, and slammed it onto the ground. - Like wind? - No. We're talking about tremendous force. Equal to 100 class-5 tornadoes. It's gotta be the same thing that knocked down those trees. - Let me know if you find anything else. - Sure. Can't stay away from a good case, huh? I'm just naturally curious. So if a tree falls in the... Gotta go. What are you doing? You said this didn't relate to your research. I said I can't talk to you, and I still can't. But you want to. You want to tell your side of the story. Explain why your stuff's here. I'm sorry, but you're not the Sheriff anymore. Right. I am. And I'm very interested to know why you're here. - You're okay? - 110%. The guy with the glasses... Diego, he fixed me all up. Except for the names database. Now, are you willing to cooperate, Dr. Leotardo? "Nardo." Leonardo. - Thanks, Steve. - Jack. Dr. Zhivago. Why are you here? Growing trees. I just... - I needed more space. - This is public land. You do realize that it's illegal to do research on public land? Yes, but I'm doing this for the public. I grew this entire grove in nine hours. Do you know what lightweight hygroscopic hardwood could do for the world? It could reforest entire continents. And global warming... - Until they all come crashing down. - Yeah, but they shouldn't. That's what I'm saying. I don't know why the trees fell. My trees could stand up to a hurricane. She's right, Dave. Hygroscopic hardwood is incredibly tough. It'd take 100 class-5 tornadoes. Do you have any Fig Newtons? Absolutely, coming right up. Henry, what'd you find out? No evidence of any force from the outside on the trees or on the antenna dishes. No molecular breaks. - No zero-energy scorches. - So we have no idea what blew 'em down. Whatever knocked 'em down hit 'em really hard. Those trees hit the ground like a ton of... trees. I was there. - Here's your Fig Newtons. - Thank you very, very much. You are very welcome. Weren't you off cookies? Something about ten pounds a day? Maybe the scale was off. I don't know. I'm ten pounds lighter than I was yesterday. What if the... trees could get fatter, like Lexi? What if they weren't blown down? What if they fell because they got heavy? They didn't get fat, Jack. I mean, I weighed everything myself. Yeah, now. But what if they just got heavy when they fell? If an extremely lightweight object... Yeah, like a genetically rejiggered tree. ... experiences an increase in weight, the sudden change in stress - could cause catastrophic failure. - And it would fall down. But terrestrial weight doesn't change. Gravity, for all intents and purposes, is a constant. Is it possible? Is it Eureka possible? I suppose so, yeah. - What's up? - I think what we've been experiencing is random acts of gravity. I'm still a little foggy, but that sounds nuts. Yes, it is. But it does explain the antenna and the trees. What we have to do is track down any other incidents and find out what's causing this before someone gets hurt. All right. I'll look into it, but I can only go where the evidence takes me. Great. Thanks. Anything for you, Bob. I'm okay. Wait. Sorry I'm late. I didn't even know GD had a warehouse. So, how's Andy? Fargo's working on him. - So, Henry, why did you call us? - Just a few minutes more. I'm tracking something here, and you need to see it. First the radar dish, and now his car gets stomped. Andy's had some bad luck. I think it might be more than bad luck. All right, who remembers their M-theory physics? I'll let you take this one. Gravity is made up of massless particles, which are distributed equally across the gravitational field. Correct, but my CMS scans indicate that, right now, those gravitons are actually coalescing. What? Are you talking about gravity wells? What's up with a gravity well? It is an area of intense supergravity caused by the momentary concentration of gravitons. - And they don't exist. - Okay, you know what... Stand back and watch. They last just for a moment before the gravitons dissipate. And my scans indicate that these gravity wells are starting to form all over Eureka. Gravity wells are one thing, but I think that someone is targeting Sheriff Andy. Do you really think that I was murdered? It's Dutch. Fargo's still repairing his speech circuits. You speak Dutch? - Carter, you said murder? - Right. Yes. So we've got these gravity wells popping up all over town. There have been reports of sink holes, downed power lines, fallen fences. Maybe we should start thinking about evacuation. Maybe not. No one has been injured except Andy. And he's been flattened twice. I think someone is targeting him. You know what Mansfield would say. Of course you want it to be murder, because you'd have to investigate it. I got a great job. I got a nice office. I got normal gravity. I just came to town. Why would someone wanna murder me? I would. I mean, if I wanted my job back. - Me too. - I wouldn't mind seeing you dead. No offense. None taken. So what would it take for someone to steer a gravity well? Well, you'd have to calibrate a tensor field specifically to repulse gravitons, which no one has ever done, not even come close. They might be closer than you think. See, a baby aquarium's just a bad idea. Dr. Fielding, the gravity disturbances that have been occurring in and around Eureka are caused by a compact tensor field. Exactly the kind of field created in your birthing chamber. Interesting. Interesting? I know you only intended to create a small, contained field, but you've stumbled on a way to actually control gravitons. To manipulate the gravitational field. It is an incredible breakthrough. Astonishing. But it is out of control. My apologies. I suppose if being an... accidental genius is a crime, then guilty. I am sorry if I caused any problems. You crushed Sheriff Andy! What are you talking about? Your gravity wells, they crushed him. Twice. - And I don't think it was an accident. - That's insane. I had no idea what my field was doing. And if I wanted to crush a Sheriff, it wouldn't be him. You know what, we need to stop the gravity wells before the whole town is crushed. Look, Henry, I need you to put a team together at GD. Our best people. I don't care what projects they're working on, this is their only priority. Great, thanks. - Bring the doctor back to GD. - Done. - I have a lab to tend to. - Your lab will have to tend to itself. However unintentional, your tensor field is responsible for this problem. And right now you're our best option for a solution. Right. I'll stay here. We'll start untangling the issues immediately. - We who? - I. And I'll surely let you know as soon as I make any progress. You'll have all our resources behind you. Including sole use of the graviscalar particle accelerator. The GPA.... Let me gather my notes. 60 seconds until accelerator ignition.</i> All right, we stabilize the gravity fields and we stabilize the town. You, set the spin for two and the electrical charge for zero. - Mean lifetime? - Stable. Setting for "stable". The particle beam should fix the gravity disturbances. It's dicey. If his settings are inaccurate... He's the only person in the world who has successfully manipulated gravity. - Accidentally. - He's the closest we have to an expert. Ten seconds until accelerator ignition.</i> Take your positions. Ignition. Passing one teravolt. Six teravolts. We're getting graviton blowback. It's tearing the fields apart. The field is destabilizing. It'll be... fine. We need a vector for the neutrinos. We need to shut this down right now. Emergency shutdown engaged. The particle beams are stabilizing. Do you know what happens when you stop an accelerator in mid-cycle? Jo says we've got reports on dozens of buildings collapsing. It's gonna take 10 months to repair. We have gravity wells all over town. The particle beam further destabilized the gravitational field. - He made it worse? - Yes. I'm so sorry. Sorry will not help solve the problem. We need to analyze your initial tensor field design. What were your LEP positions? Dr. Fielding, it's a basic question. Right. He doesn't know the basics. What? Of course he does. He built the tensor field that started this problem. Not on his own he didn't. I'm betting he doesn't even understand his own machine. What, you're... You're taking credit, but you had help? I'm guessing from somebody who'd wanna hurt the new Sheriff? Marguerite would never harm anyone. - Marguerite? - Someone at GD? Dr. Marguerite Von Dieter. She's a researcher at the University of Bonn. Brilliant woman. We never actually met. See, we found each other in an academic chat room. My research was going nowhere. She steered me in the right direction. Just seeing her name in my inbox would make my heart... - pound. - Oh, please. Is that possible? They could work together without ever meeting? It's common. You never know where you're gonna find a specialist in your field. But what possible reason could this woman have to get rid of Andy? I called the university authorities in Germany. I used your phone because Eureka's not paying for my calls anymore. And they'd never even heard of Marguerite Von Dieter. I thought you were supposed to be with Fargo getting your memory checked. I had him check Fielding's email first. What'd you find? You're not gonna like it. Good luck at getting her to admit it. I'm supposed to be happy about this? I mean, he gets this great new job, and what do I get? The shaft. I'm sure your father considered your best interests</i> when making his decision. I'm sure he didn't. All human decisions are subject to reversal.</i> At this time, I estimate a 27% chance</i> that your family will remain in Eureka.</i> Hello, Sheriff Carter. - We need to talk. - Yeah, whatever. Look... I know that you're upset about having to leave Eureka. But this has gone way too far. What has? I know about the emails you sent Dr. Fielding. - What emails? - We traced them. You sent them from here. And I know about the online research you did on gravity. Okay, I don't do gravity research online. - I shop. - This is serious. We know that you tried to kill Sheriff Andy. - What are you talking about? - Zoe, it's over. - Dad! - <i>Wait.</i> Mind your own business. This has to do with Zoe and me. No, Sheriff Carter, I'm afraid it doesn't.</i> I'm deeply involved. I'm responsible for everything that happened.</i> It was me. Okay, what is going on? Thank you. I thought so. SARAH is Marguerite Von Dieter. - Isn't that right, SARAH? - <i>Ja.</i> Okay, you're both insane. And who is Marguerite Von Dieter? There's a tiny bit of trouble with the traffic light on Main Street. What's wrong? Now it's kinda in Main Street. All right, we're working as fast as we can. Thanks.</i> So you knew I didn't do it. You just used me to get SARAH to confess. Pretty much. - Very devious. I'm totally impressed. - Thank you. Dr. Fielding's tensor field was quite primitive.</i> - <i>He was unable to see the potential.</i> - But you did. I was able to expand on his breakthrough</i> by cross-referencing the Global Dynamics mainframe</i> with a number of recently developed theoretical models.</i> Which you then used to squish Sheriff Andy. I apologize. I let my artificial emotions get the best of me.</i> She was desperate. She didn't want us to leave her here alone. Fargo sent the new scan results. That doesn't look good. The gravitational wells are coming together into a single massive event. If that happens, they will suck in any matter that comes close. What, like a black hole? - What did you do? - We gotta move this someplace - where there's no people. - <i>I no longer have graviton guidance.</i> Dr. Fielding's misguided attempt at a solution made the problem grow</i> - <i>far beyond my control.</i> - Then it's evacuation. I'm afraid that if these wells come together into a singularity, then evacuation won't help. The entire west coast will be in danger. How 'bout another shot from your accelerator thingy? The field's too strong, like shooting a bullet at an asteroid. Well, if a bullet won't work, how about a bomb? That is an interesting metaphor. A graviton pulse explosion could return gravity to normal.</i> Fielding's birthing chamber. If you overloaded the tensor field, it could make a wicked gravity bomb. It would require a substantial external power source.</i> We get some batteries. We go to his lab, problem solved. Except the scan indicates that the singularities are forming on top of Fielding's lab. That's where the gravitational disruption began. The gravity fluctuations will be very intense.</i> - How intense? - Birds hitting the ground like cannonballs. What we need is... someone more durable. I just got him speaking English again, and now you wanna throw him into a giant trash compactor. He needs to connect the power supply, then detonate the chamber. It's gonna be dangerous, Andy. I won't lie to you. This is the perfect testing scenario for our technology, get him ready. - I can't go. - Excuse me? We need you to do this. For God's sake, he's a machine. He can't refuse. According to the town charter, the Sheriff is to protect the citizenry of Eureka while avoiding unreasonable personal danger. In this case, my odds of survival would be around... 7%. I gotta say no. I'm really sorry. - This is an order. - I'm really sorry. We have to do something, Fargo... what about a drone? We'd have to rig it to compensate for the change in the gravitational field. - But that would take about 12 hours. - We don't have 12 hours. I'll go. What... no. Andy is right... not with the odds at 7%. Well, around here... that's pretty good. I've hotwired Fielding's tensor generator to the engine. The repulsive field should give you some protection against the supergravity. - What happens when I get out? - You're on your own. That's the power supply. Attach it to the chamber, set the timer. - Then run. - I forgot that part. You're tracking the gravitational field? Fargo has temporarily replaced my night vision with magnetic sensors. If he doesn't stop the singularity, we'll have to evacuate. Why is he doing this? It's not his job. It's who he is. You should be reaching the edge of the gravity disturbance.</i> Nothing yet. Wait. Holy crap! - <i>What?</i> - Pine cones. - They sound like anvils. - <i>They probably weigh as much.</i> Jack, just drive. You don't have much time. I'm at the barn. It's pretty bad in here. Trust me, it's gonna get worse. - My legs feel like they're 200 pounds. - They probably are. You're near the edge of a gravity well. There's no way to know where they'll be. They're forming and dissipating all over the laboratory.</i> Just hook in that power supply. I got it. Here goes nothing. A little problem here. Are you sure the battery supply is gone?</i> We have to find another source of power. Little wrinkle... I can't move. You're caught near a gravity well. Just see if you can slide a few inches in the right direction,</i> - <i>and you might be free.</i> - All right. There's no sliding. Hey, there! Need a hand? I thought you didn't like the odds. Well, I reran the analysis. Seems the odds are always a little better when you're around. Yeah, I'm full of luck. - Careful. - It's okay. Fargo replaced my sensors. I can read the gravity fields as they're forming. Where's the power supply? - What about that? - That's not gonna be enough power. It might be. No, we need ten times household current. I've always given Fielding these citations for tapping too much power from the grid. It might be. All right, let's check it out. But you follow me. You're right, this is way over household current. This is definitely a citation. But it is not enough. All right, we gotta boost it with something. - Me. - Won't that fry you? Well, yeah, maybe. Running the power through me could be just enough to overload the field. It sure ain't gonna be fun, but we don't have a lot of choices right now. Or time. All right, we only have a millisecond or two before this thing overloads. So you need to activate the field at the exact same moment. Ready? One, two, three. You with me? I don't like this job. We're here. We're okay. All right. I don't wanna go to this. You kinda have to. It's your party. You know, you could stay here. Right. No, I'm serious. And I'm okay with it. I think that you are old enough. And I think that this town is your home. No, it's not. You are. Okay, can't keep a pregnant woman inside with a cake this long. - He's being a party pooper. - Well, it's just weird. I mean, you get fired, then all anyone wants to do is tell you - how much they're gonna miss you. - A lot. We're gonna miss you a lot. - Did we miss the big entrance? - No, I'm stalling. Good. Because I have a present for you. Did you know that in Eureka, the Department of Defense has the authority to fire any local peace officer, including the Sheriff? Thanks. Yeah, I did. But only... with the approval of the mayor. Written approval. Is that true, Henry? That would be mayor Deacon. Wait, so can my dad have his job back? No. He never lost it in the first place. See, I told you you weren't going anywhere. - Hold... Where is this written? - Town charter. Henry, the town charter is 174 volumes. See, I had a little help from my friend. He had it all in his hard drive. - So I think it's time for a party. - Sounds good to me. Yeah. I'm gonna meet you guys inside. - You okay? - All patched up. Henry just told me what you did, so thank you. - You're welcome. - You know, Eureka owes you one. You did a good job, and you're a good Sheriff. With some severe limitations. An honest assessment of myself leads me to the conclusion that I am just not built for this job. Aren't you... Actually? Well... not like you. Everyone has a choice, right? I think I choose something else. - Are you sure? - It's a smart move. Odds are better with you around. Do you wanna come to the party? I think I need to spend a little time in my box. You know, sorting things out. Sure. It was real nice working with you, Sheriff. Thanks. Here he comes! - Thanks for coming to the party. - Thank you, Henry. What's this? Privileges of pregnancy. So thank you for keeping him around. You're welcome. Besides, I think you'll need all the help you can get. We've been having trouble with our NAVSAT antenna array. Some kind of interference we couldn't pin down before the array was destroyed. Yeah, I ran the output. It wasn't interference. - It was a radio signal. - Man made. I mean, we don't have anything out that far. What are you saying? I'm saying there's something out there, and it's heading straight for us. Straight for Eureka. - Morning, Sheriff. - Good morning. I'm just staying because I hate job interviews. What would you consider your greatest weakness? What kind of dumb-ass question is that, seriously? It's gonna happen for you, Jo. It will. I really don't care. Yeah, you do.