Not as in "get your own". Well, it's not like I'm gonna pick up guys and head for Vegas. Okay, now you can never get a car of your own. Hit me again, Vincent. What's up, Jo? Big date? High school science fair. Most dangerous day of the year. What you got? Um, baking soda volcanoes and some lame fly experiments? Teens with unlimited access to terrifying technology. It's Armageddon with acne. Really? What's your experiment? Flies. At least you're going with a classic. It's a dumb genetics thing. I want to show how different behavior traits - pass from one generation to the next. - Right, like the keen Carter investigative mind. - Honey, that's not so dumb. Thanks. - Doesn't matter. I'm gonna be humiliated by the competition. Hey, don't say that. You just do your best. Forget about the competition. She's just a little insecure about her IQ test. Her... What IQ test? Do you two even talk? Everyone at school had to take it. Wh... Why am I always the last to know? Because it's not big deal, and what could you have done about it? Well, I coulda told you that I took one when I was a kid. - Really? - Yes. And I did very well. I got 111. I didn't even try and I got over 100%. Yeah, he surprises me sometimes too. Your regular wheat grass? Please, and one to go for Dr. Stark. Two cups of workout fuel coming up. Hey... Vincent, I'll try one of those. Sounds very wheaty. Do you need a ride to school? Yeah, like, five minutes ago. Okay. Good luck. And don't worry about it, project's gonna be great. Thanks, Dad. Science fair, big day. Oh, not you too. Why do you think I've been working out? Oh, I hear ya. I love exercise. Just, pump time. Find my center. Clear the chi. Oh, you to to the gym? Sure. All the time. Good stuff. I imagine carter more of a jumping jacks, medicine ball kinda guy. He says he works out here all the time. Well, I've never seen him. And I wouldn't have forgotten that. Hey guys, they're... They're... loaners. I left my gym bag at home. This is the zone, right? Yeah, Carter, you remember, under the gym floor there's a generator that produces a localized EM field? Right, yeah. Yeah. - And the bars... - Are paired with the floor. The field either attracts or repels them to mimic different weights. So what you gonna try first? How about 111? Yeah, huh? Yeah. You heard about that. You never cease to amaze me, Carter. So the, uh, the science fair, that's sort of a geeks gone wild, huh? You know how Texans feel about their high school football? - Yeah. - Child's play. A lot of GD's greatest stars were discovered at the fair. Career can be made overnight. Yeah, but, I mean, they're only kids. How much trouble can they get into? I mean... Jo made it seem like the sky was falling. That hasn't happened since 2004. And that was more of an igniting of the ionosphere. Seriously? Hey, when you're pioneering new territory, things happen. Truth is, we have strict guidelines, but there's rarely been a year when someone or some thing hasn't gone... The Projet-SG Team presents: Timing:   Golgi, Linwelin, Ricana. Transcript:   swsub.com Edition:    Golgi, Linwelin, Ricana. Proofreading:   Golgi, Linwelin. - Season 2 | Episode 5 - Duck, Duck Goose (v. 1.0) All right, so, what's the damage, Henry? Well, there's a hole in the engine block. Looks like it went right through. Any idea what could cause it? Oh, I don't know. Given the trajectory, a meteorite? - A meteorite? - Yeah. A meteorite hit my car? No, not buying it. Looks like there's another hole down there. Looks like a piece of metal maybe. It's way down there though. Well, no way to get to it without excavating. Oh, there might be. Since when do you go to the gym? Oh, shut up. Got it. You know, two feet to the left of my car, I'd let it go. Two feet to the right, I'd give it to you. But right through my car, I... I gotta check it out. Maybe Jo is right. Maybe it has something to do - with the science fair. - Well, take it to the NEAT lab at GD. Oh, they're all neat to me. No, near earth asteroid tracking. In the meantime, I'll drop your car off at my garage, but let me know what the lab says. All right. you're taking my car. How am I supposed to... Done deal, called GD, and... Fargo is working on something. Sheriff, may I take it for you? Thank you so much. Appreciate it. You gotta be kidding me. Hello, Sheriff Carter. SARAH? Is that you? - <i>Surprise.</i> - How am I supposed to steer? - <i>I am self-navigating.</i> - SARAH, what are you doing? I just wanted to get out of the house for a while.</i> Dr. Fargo downloaded me to the car. Shall we get going? You know what, I'm good. I think I'll walk. Come on, Sheriff. We never go anywhere together.</i> It'll be an adventure. All right. Fine, but watch the road. And just try to keep it under the speed limit, if you wouldn't mind. Buckle up. Deputy, I am very sorry about whatever happened to sheriff Carter's jeep, but I don't think any of our students had anything to do with it. We have very strict ground rules concerning our experiments. No cloning, AI, infectious diseases, no space-time continuum manipulation, and no GD technology. Hey, they're kids. Kids cheat, especially smart ones, which in this case is all of them. I would like to think that our students follow the honor system. Even the heathers? I thought you were gonna suspend those 3 after the stunt they pulled last year. Well, we considered it, but their contributions proved far too valuable. Music, downloaded directly into the brain. That technology won an Enterprise award and a Macarthur genius grant. That technology gave me a headache for two weeks. I promise to keep an eye out. I heard about your genetics experiment, Zoe. Mendel? Really? That guy died, like, what, a century ago? Is that the best you can do? Last century's fruit fly experiment. They're tsetse flies. Wow, very 111. Guess the genetic apple doesn't fall far from the tree. - <i>This is fantastic.</i> - Watch it! I think I'm getting the hang of this. You do know you need a driver's license, right? Like, I could arrest you. We should go somewhere. I've always wanted to see the ocean.</i> We are going somewhere. We're going to Global. And maintain the speed limit. Don't be a back seat driver. You need to relax.</i> Have a massage. Oh, that's just freaking me out.  effleurage... - Geese. - <i>Geese.</i> Geese! Holy crap. Turn back, turn back, you're going the wrong way. One of my flocks. Been using them to study migration patterns. They should be gone by now, winging south along the pacific flyways. I don't know what I did wrong. I'm sorry to hear that. They need to spread their wings. Leave home. It's not normal for them to stay with their mama. - You mean papa. - Mama. - Papa. - Mama. In the animal kingdom, the male of the species is generally useless at child rearing. No talent for it whatsoever. That's probably true. Tiny meteorites, crazy house. - <i>Massage?</i> - No. Henry thinks it's just a meteorite. That's what I'm here to find out. So how's SARAH? Oh, fantastic. Remind me to kill Fargo. Fargo's at the GD Arctic station, staff development seminar. I sent the car. I just thought you might be sore after your workout. I'm fine. Thanks. Very funny, Carter. Not funny. Can't move. Easy, Sheriff. Just relax and breathe. - It'll pass in a minute. - Okay. - What happened? - Cephalic pattern security barrier... A sensor intensive gateway that registers identiy based on DNA. - Not helping. - If someone enters without proper clearance, it initiates a light-based immobilization field. I thought you worked these bugs out months ago. I did, but the sheriff must not be in the system yet. Did you get the registration notice I sent to your office? Jo opens all the mail. She... She's so mean. This will last for the day. But I'll need a DNA sample for permanent clearance. Don't forget. Oh, I'll do my best. I have a briefing to go to. Will you be okay? Yeah, never better. Hello. Dr. Finn, I'm sheriff Carter. I'm the one who called you. A moment please. Well, good thing Eureka's a no-fly zone. It's not a ray gun. It's a catadioptric imager. A... telescope with a camera. Powerful enough to pierce GD's electromagnetic umbrella. And today, it happens to be six milli-arcseconds off in right ascension, so you can guess the kinda day that I am having. The worst. Maybe I should talk to someone else in your Neato lab. Sorry, it's just me. The director is at a conference in Hawaii. But hey, I get to stay and watch the equipment. And I get to look at your little rock. Highlight of my week. Like I said, I'm not sure what it is. Well, it's doubtful that it came from space. The lab tracks all known objects large enough to enter earth's atmosphere. So you guard the Earth from total destruction. That's a pretty cool gig. No, I keep the telescope working while others go to Hawaii. So is it a meteorite? Not unless it was made in China. A meteorite is a rock. That is man-made. Probably a fragment off a chinese weather satellite. Wait... A fragment? Yeah, space is full of junk. bits of satellites, tools lost during shuttle missions. How many we talking? Over the last 40 years, maybe a couple hundred thousand in all. - Couple hundred thousand? - There's no need to stockpile the batteries and the bottled water. An impact like this happens once in a lifetime. So just... Or twice. Looks like we found the rest of our chinese satellite. I don't think so. Almost done mapping it now. What is that? It's a portable computer axial tomographer. We take a 3-D image and then we pipe it into a set point topology program. What is that? That... Would be a toilet. Specifically, a zero-gravity urinal developed by NASA called an opti-can. It was discarded by ISS. Years ago. What are the odds of two pieces of space junk hitting Eureka on the same day? Well, random events do tend to cluster together, but I'll admit, that's a bit of a coincidence. A bit of a coincidence? The computers create orbit determination images every 24 hours. The next one will be at 6:00 tonight. Let's see if we can step up the time table. A lot of things could hit us between now and 6:00. This is from yesterday. The green circles are objects whose trajectories have been projected and pose no risk to earth. They're definitely in STABO. - Stable orbit. - I was gonna get it. Can we see what you got from today? Yeah, the director doesn't let me evaluate raw data before it's been compiled unless it's an emergency. Finn, a metal toilet plowed into a field. Right. Well, this image won't be complete for eight hours, but it'll give you a general idea of... Okay, that's not good. The debris field is coalescing into geosynchronous orbit. And their course has been unnaturally altered. They're all coming to Eureka. So, if we don't figure out what's causing this, what happened - to my jeep this morning... - Is the just the beginning. - Shouldn't we call Norad or something? - Are you kidding? Norad calls us. I've re-tasked our satellites to scan for anything that could be affecting objects in orbit. Henry and Finn work on a real time inertial track to pinpoint where the debris could hit. Okay, I'll sound the alarm, I'll cancel the science fair. The science fair is happening in the safest place in town. It was built as a shelter. It has a cubic boron nitride roof, dynamic vector shielding. Unless it holds 3,000 people, we're still gonna need to evacuate the town. To where? A debris cloud like this could fall across 500 square miles. Until we have a hard track, we don't know where this stuff could hit. Taggart, those things better be housebroken. You bring a creature into the world, you try to prepare her for any challenge she might encounter. Where did I go wrong? We do the best we can. Right? I can't help feeling I've failed them. You... Time to see what's going on inside you, my little winged angel. Taggart, what the hell? I don't know whether to be disturbed or relieved. They're mechanical. But still close to my heart. Did I make a hash of their software? Internal compass. Maybe it's the wing design. Can I ask you why you built a flock of robo-birds? I just modified a military design to track migration patterns. The military's building killer geese? Camouflaged drones. Heavily armed. Look up, see a goose. You don't pay any attention. Then... Bangaroo. Death from above. Oldest rule of warfare... Control the high ground. Well, back to the lab with this one. Wait, you think we're under attack? Isn't it possible that someone is making this space junk fall on Eureka? Oldest rule of warfare to control the high ground. They have attempted at weaponizing space debris, but Russia stopped after the cold war. So that just leaves... - Aliens. - No, Jack. Us. Or Aliens. The star wars defense system. They weren't working on rail guns, x-ray lasers to shoot down nuclear missiles. They wanted to use what was up there already as AMMO. So we tested a system of magnetic panels in the desert in 1986. And then we abandoned it after our very first attempt. I'm hoping they didn't suck down a bunch of planes and helicopters. No, but nearly all the recorded data in Nevada was erased. Tapes in video stores, floppy disks in casinos, half the database of area 51. Area 51 is real? No. Anyway, the research was shuttered by 1989. It was too bad. GD Was heavily involved. Even some of our science fair winners were in the mix. Stop it. Go back. The... The one before. Okay. That's Finn. Aaron Finn won the Eureka science fair in 1986 and received an internship at Global for... Let me guess, his work on giant space junk sucking magnets. Optical aiming devices for giant space junk sucking magnets. - Thanks, Henry. - You're welcome. - Dr. Finn. - What? Congratulations on the science fair win. Well, that was 20 years ago, but okay. Is it a coincidence that the project that launched your career could actually explain what's been happening? Launch my career? That science fair nearly ended it before it even began. Do you know what it is like to have your best idea co-opted by the government at age 16? No. Not really. It was all downhill from there. 20 years later, where am I? I'm not in Hawaii. I am here. I'm a... I'm a I'm a cameraman to the stars. Sir, are you using your research to get back at the town? What are you talking about? I'm trying to help the town. Look, I re-programmed the imager to take a real time assessment of the debris field every 20 minutes. Look, I may be pissed off, but I could no more cause this than I could prevent it. Look, Sheriff, they're flying. - Congratulations. - My geese. They're going. They're really going. - Taggart? - Oh, they're turning. They seem to be coming this way. Quite rapidly, actually. Move! Move through here. Quick. Hurry. Sorry about all this, Taggart. - Try not to take it too personally. - It's difficult. They lost their way. And I gotta wear it. Do you think the same thing that screws up your birds could be attracting the space junk? They're made from pure polymer matrix composites. No metal. But you said you put some kind of compass inside the birds, right? I got ya. In your biological avian, neurons contain an iron oxide crystal that aligns with magnetic north. It sends directional info to the brain. I just designed an artificial version for my geese. Okay, so a big magnet could knock them off course. - Very possible. - For the last time, it's a camera. I... I remember you. 1986. I was one of the judges. Good times. That was quite a crop of baby geniuses, wasn't it? Finn, let's check out the latest crop. Let's go. Judging for the science fair will begin in 30 minutes.</i> Students, please prepare your projects for presentation.</i> My experiment. What happened? It was Megan and her little Coven, wasn't it? They took your flies. Ever since I got a 94 on my physics midterm, those girls have made my life a living hell. A 94, that's great. Yeah, well, norms aren't supposed to be smart. Norms? Kids without genius parents. And I think you've met my dad. Hey, where I come from we respect our parents. Especially if they carry a gun. The point is my flies have flown. I'm screwed. You still have your data. Doesn't matter. I'm just living up to my 111 legacy. What am I supposed to do? Sua sponte. 75th ranger regimental motto. It means to act without warning. You know, they expect you to give up. So... Surprise them. Don't get mad, get even. We're three minutes from the Tesla school, Sheriff.</i> Yeah, I know. Thanks. Can't afford a whole car? Oh, don't get me started. You okay? Yeah. It's just... it took years of therapy to... get over winning that science fair, and I haven't been back since. Get over it? Get over what? You won. You said it was... the high point of your career. It was. The high point. And now I get to go back and see how far I've fallen? Can't wait for that. We integrated the existing processor circuitry fiberware with a bio-mechanic interface protocol, leading to possible cybernetic applications. Your thoughts, Dr. Stark? I was actually thinking of a Bear Bryant quote. "Potential is what you ain't got yet." Claude, do you even want to be a scientist? Why don't you quit wasting everyone's time. Step up your game. See what I mean? Brutal. Yeah, I thought Stark just talked like that to me. I don't even know what I'm looking for. So what's behind the tent? Dr. Stark, Principal Wallace, we present... Solar powered ultra high resolution gamma pulse tomography. It's the next phase in medical imaging. First, there were x-rays, then MRIs, and now, the SGT. The SGT will lead us into a cancer-free future with an entirely green power source. Hey, who threw that? This isn't supposed to happen. Make it stop. Bingo. I knew those three were trouble. Looks like we found our magnetic field. Stay back! How can I shut this thing down? I don't know how. What is happening here? "Reno 111" just totally messed up the future of medicine. We're gonna have to take this in for testing. And you, you, and you, I'm gonna have to ask you some questions. Wait, just... - It wasn't their fault. - No one's getting blamed yet, honey. No, look, whatever happened, they didn't do it. It was me. Look what you've done. Easy. What did you do? I... I sua sponted them. She got even. They sabotaged her experiment, so she messed with theirs. Really? Yeah, I know, dumb, right? Big surprise. Do you have any idea what you've done? I over cranked the system during your lunch. It's not like your wiring was that hard to re-circuit. You better not have touched the power system. Enough. We're not done. If she messed with this thing at lunch, there's no way it could have pulled the space junk on my jeep. Thanks for breaking it then. So does that mean I'm not grounded? You're more than grounded. We just have bigger problems right now. Finn's boss took a reading from GD Radioscope in Haleakala. He gives us 3 hours before the debris field enters the atmosphere above us. Most of the small particles will burn upon entry. - And the big ones? - Will make it through, - we've no idea where they'll hit. - Whoever's here stays here. The rest are being moved to underground bunkers. But I don't even want to think about what's gonna happen to the town. I don't know why it went all magneto in there. Why don't you ask the dumb blonde who messed with it. Watch who you're calling dumb. I've seen this before. Ten minutes ago at the science fair? No, on the roof of Global, only bigger. What are you talking about? I admire your audacity, but the rules prohibit the use of any technology from Global. I didn't steal it, I invented it. Jane Harrington developed an identical solar beam array to power our new security system. Do you really expect us to believe that this is just coincidence? Jane Harrington? I take it you know her. Yeah. She's my mom. Evacuation in progress. Please continue down to the bunkers. Hey, Jane. Whatcha doin'? Some sort of bird problem damaged my system's power source on the roof. We're having to scan everyone manually. Are you good or should we get your daughter to help you fix it? You stole her design to help power your security system. I invented that power system. Why would I have to steal it from a 15-year-old? Oh, maybe because you've been behind schedule, now suddenly, you're on-line. I checked the dates on your plans against Megan's project. We know what happened. Does Megan know? Jane, how could you do that? You're a parent. You know the pressure to do what's best for your child. Megan loves it in Eureka. If I didn't get the system working, my funding would be cut, I'd be out. I panicked. I'm so embarrassed. I'm sorry, but I'll have to suspend your clearance pending review by the ethics panel. I just didn't want to let her down. Guys. I've got something you need to see. Yeah, it's coming. All of it. I thought we had more time. This doesn't make any sense. I don't care how big you make my experiment, the power supply doesn't have anything to do with magnets. Maybe it's interacting with something. Good "oh," bad "oh"? The EM barrier over Global. It's an electro-magnetic security umbrella. You shot my energy beam through a magnetostatic array? Mom, duh. The beam turned the shield into a giant magnet strong enough to pull metal down from space. Turn off the beam. Section four, please. The beam's been off since the bird issue. The debris has already entered the atmosphere. I'm afraid it's too late. Everybody, stay calm! The safest place in town is right here. Well, we've got everyone in the auditorium, and the deputy has yet to use her taser. Thank god for small favors. Is Kevin okay? Is he scared? He's good. He's safe. I told him he could be an honorary judge. I should be there with him. You will be soon enough. Just... concentrate on trying to stop this debris.</i> Still fine. But I guess I got my answer. Yeah. The debris is entering the atmosphere at a very steep angle. Can we un-steep it? Do you understand anything about particle physics? No, not really. Well, how about gravity? Once my mom's "security device" pulled the space junk out of orbit, gravity takes over. Not necessarily. There's a giant magnet under this floor, if it can repel these bars, it can do the same with the space junk. - That's your idea? - Megan, don't be rude. You don't get to tell me what to do. Not anymore. I may let the pressure get to me. I may made a mistake. But I'm still your mother, don't get to talk that way. Jack, this field is simply not powerful enough to push the debris away. I'm not talking about pushing it away. I'm talking... more nudging it. Oh, you mean alter the angle of entry just enough so the debris will burn in the atmosphere? Uh, sure. Okay. Dad, that's almost brilliant. We'd still need more juice. Zoe supercharged Megan's power source at the science fair. So we just hook it up to the giant magnet. - And then there's our juice. - Yeah. I don't know how to do that. Sure you do. You just did it. I was just screwing around! You can't expect I fix this by myself. Seriously. No, I don't. That's why both of you are here. The bulk of the debris field is only 15 minutes away. We've got to hurry. Okay, Zoe, think. You boosted Megan's power. What did you do? - I... - She has no idea what she did. She's like that one monkey who just happens to type Shakespeare. Okay, even a trained monkey would know that the peak output of a pv array can be increased dramatically if the modules are interconnected in parallel, not in series, as was done here. That could increase our efficiency 400%. Good job, sweetie. Do whatever you want if you think she knows so much. Enough! This is not about who knows more or who's the smartest. Forget the competition. Forget the pressure. It is crap. You have created something amazing, you have a chance to make a difference. Don't let anything get in the way of that or believe me, you'll regret it. We'll still need a sat-nav system to orient the magnetic field accurately. I could rig something up, but that'll take time. You don't have to. I know where one is. Is this gonna work? I hope so, because the circuitry is gonna be fried. The energy sap is catastrophic. I guess this means we're not going to the beach.</i> No, we won't, but it's been quite an adventure. Okay. Here we go. Okay, SARAH, what do you see? Processing trajectory data. Power's holding steady. Good work, girls. Not bad for a norm. That's the most human thing you've ever said to me. Don't tell anyone. Here we go. The Data Stream is too large for my processor.</i> I'm running low on available memory. We've got 30 seconds 'til the debris field enters the atmosphere. Still calculating trajectory. Come on, SARAH, you can do it. I know you can. Trajectory found. What's going on? Is it working? Space debris vertical trajectory has been adjusted by 32 degrees.</i> - It's working. - <i>Surface metal temperature:</i> 8,000 degrees. Debris field beginning to vaporize. Yes! - Great. Good job. - You too. Quite an adventure. See... You... At... Home. It is said, "an inventor is a person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels, levers and springs, and believes it civilization." One student's invention may have indeed saved civilization, or at least Eureka. Tesla school's science fair has named this year's first prize and a one-year internship at Global Dynamics, You were robbed. Yeah. An internship? Please. Totally dodged that bullet. It is also said that the path to civilization is paved not with individuals but with partnerships. Second place goes to... And her prize is a new car. A new car? Hey, Henry. The debris is burning up in the atmosphere. Still pretty, though. Got any wishes? One. Nathan, I know you blame yourself for what happened to Kim. Don't. It wasn't your fault. Wish I could be certain of that. I am. Dr. Finn? There she is, the girl of the hour. Congratulations. Thanks. They told me I get to choose what project I want to work on for the internship. It's a big move. Be sure you pick something you're passionate about. And good people. People you can trust. That's why I was... thinking I might like to work with you, if that's okay. Yeah, it would be an honor. But if you steal any of my ideas, I will bury you. I'm kidding. Just kidding. Saying good-bye? Time to let them find their own way in the world. Well, it's gotta be easier without a giant magnet pulling them off course. At least it wasn't your fault. Actually, it was. I was wondering why none of biological birds around town had the same navigational problems. Turns out, when I built my babies, I made their compasses too sensitive. I wanted to be sure they'd never get lost. At least your heart was in the right place. Should have trusted them more. They're gonna get lost for sure. Lose their bearings for a bit. But that's how they'll learn. Yeah. It's a little bit depressing, though. - Hey, sweetie. - Hi. You're not going to let me keep the car, are you? Yeah, you can keep it. I just wanted to make sure you were ready. I am, - really. - I know you are. I'm not sure if I am. Did you see Taggart's geese? Apparently dads aren't very well-equipped for this child-rearing thing. Oh, I don't know. You do all right. I looked up 111, and... average. Exactly average. Guess I'm not as smart as I thought I was. Hey, we're Carters. We're street smart. Who cares anyway? Honestly, I wish I'd never even taken the stupid test. Really? 'Cause I got your results from principal Wallace tonight, and... I thought you might want to open them. But... Just... I love you, whatever your IQ is.