It's a bunch of grown menslapping each other on the butt and hitting ballswith sticks. You wanna talk weird?Let's talk aboutwhat you're wearing. You choose nowto mock my clothes? Call it like I see it. There's nothing wrongwith this dress. The fact that you call a tank top with a belta dress? All the wrongI need. Well,you know,it's not likeI'm wearing a thong under it. Ok--okay,oh,no. How old are you? Old enough to knowthat that is the last thing I want to hearmy 15-year-old daughter saying. Thong! Don'T. Thong. Thon...guh. Hey,hey,hey. Eyes front. Eyes front. Here you go. Hey,vincent. I heard something about a town meeting somewhere this morning. Do you know where or when? Oh--here and now. good morning,eureka! And here's the monday morning minute,and after much discussion, we are installing our first traffic light on the corner of main and archimedes. Also,we'll be holding special elections next month for our new town mayor. All interested candidates,please contact allison blake. xxxxxxx Would you like to say a few words,sheriff carter? (Carter) oh,okay. Um,uh,like he said. Uh,I'm jack carter. And this is my daughter,zoe. So,uh,be nice-- dad,stop talking.Now. it's--it's-- nice to be here. Eureka is definitely... unique. oh,hey.I was wondering,um,ifanybody'd like to get together for,uh,you know,a pickup baseball game. You know,or--or maybe a league. You know,something very low-key.Just,you know,hang out. You get to know each-- (man) yeah,our minute's just about up,sheriff. Oh,okay--well,if anybody's interested-- so,to recap.Traffic signal. Mayor's election. Sheriff carter. Baseball. Have a great week,folks. (Stark) baseball league. I just want to put himin my pocket. Be nice,nathan.He's just tryingto fit in. Yeah,don't hold your breath. Speaking of which,what's going on withthe anti-missile shield ray? I got two teams working on itaround the clock. You'll have your prototypeby friday. Good. The department of defensehas invested a lot of money in that project,nathan. They want a return. Soon. Do they? Just a friendly word of advice. So we're friends now. Well,I guess that's a stepin the right direction. [Laugh]All right. Don't get too excited. I'm not running out to renew our wedding vowsor anything. Look,allison,I was thinking. Maybe we should-- so,um-- kevin's been doing much better since he startedthe new drug trial. Good. That's good. Had a very positive sessionthis morning. He's very calm,focused. Doesn't seem to be havingany side effects from the methyl,um... methylphenidratehydrochloride. It's a mouthful,but... maybe the first stepto finding a cure to autism. So kevin is definitelyon the drug? Allison,even if I knew,I couldn't tell you. It's a double-blind study. If I told you,it would skew the results,invalidate the trial. I know,it's just that latelyhe's seemed more... you know,focused.Connected to me,if that makes any sense. That's whatwe're all hoping for. Great. So you'll keep me in the loopon the shield ray. Consider yourself kept. Well,have a good dayat school. Try not to commitany felonies. Ha.Good pep talk,dad. xxxx Yeah,go ahead,jo. xx Do you need something? xxx Copy. Perfect. Hey,jo.Whatcha got? Hit and run. Says it came out of nowhere. You get a descriptionof the other vehicle? That's just it.There is no other vehicle. Whatever hit herwas on foot,and according to her,invisible. Give her a sobriety test? Yeah,she's clean. Check this out. So what do you thinkhit her? Well,whatever it was,it went that way. You have bears around here? Never seen a beardo anything like that. What else could it be? Gigantopithecus americanus. Taggart,what the hell? It could still be out there. What? Note the large stride. Trail of destruction. Extended footprint. Tell me you don't meanbigfoot. I mean gigantopithecus americanus. Let's give him a sobriety test. How'd you get hereso fast? Heard you on my scanner. And what,you were just passing by in full camisand night vision goggles? Yeah. Nice. Hey,guys? I think we foundour hit-and-run. Is that a body? Not anymore. He's saving the restfor later. That's how they feed. Sync:fisherchen Proudly Presents Like this before in my life. I have. It's never pretty. Would you stopwith the bigfoot? This is serious.I take bigfootvery seriously. There's no wayan animal did this. Real or imaginary. Carter's right.I mean,look. These are friction burns,those are impact wounds. He's probably brokenevery bone in his body. It's like he fellout of an airplane. Yeah,only horizontally. (Henry) exactly. Okay,so we knowthis isn't an animal attack. If you buy that hypothesis. Yeah,I'm going outon a limb. Henry,what is this? That is a subcutaneouscomputer chip,probably biometric. Sorry? Oh,um,a geneticallyencoded marker usually used for trackingor identification. Like I used on a black rhinoin the african bush. Yeah,just like that. Only this is a little bitmore sophisticated than what you would find onthe open market,which means-- that this guy's either a researcherat global dynamics-- or the research. I'll call stark. Hold on.I got a better idea. Allison blake. Hey,allison.It's,uh,carter. I need a favor. Ooh,I thoughtyou'd never ask.Listen,I wanna play first base. They're always putting mein right field. Actually,that's notwhy I'm calling. There's been an accident. And it might be connectedwith global dynamics. We found a subcutaneouscomputer chip in the man's wrist,and I need you to source it. Don't let anyone know. We're trying to do this as quiet as we can. got it You comfortable,fargo? Can I offer you a beverage? I haven't slept in days. My team just can't keep up. Milton's team is fullof section five guys. They have better materials,unlimited resources,not to mention 160 I.Q.S. Competition breeds excellence. Brings outthe best in us. Yeah,tell thatto nancy kerrigan. You ever want to be consideredfor section five,you gotta be ableto compete on their level. Talent will only get youso far. Comes down to attitude. Yeah,I got plentyof attitude. But what I don't have is a hypervelocityantimissile shield ray. You know,but at least I'm punctual. Milton's not late yet. hey,dr.Houk. Aren't you gonnabe late for work? I've got plenty of time. Well,in that case,let me top you-- Dr.Houk. Right on time. Okay,gentlemen. Change of plans. The team that can delivera working prototype by tomorrow at 5:00gets the funding. But you said friday. By tomorrow,we'll have itin a variety of colors for you,dr.Stark. See what I mean,fargo? Attitude. Okay,guys. Our deadline is now tomorrow. So,uh... we need to step it up. We need to get serious. But mostly,we need to cheat. Twice in one day. I'm starting to thinkyou miss me. I think it's youwho's missing someone. I'm bettingthe computer chip means-- ssh. Nothing. I'm betting the computer chipmeans this guy was working on somethingclassified. I don't know what's going on,but my gut tells me it's bad. His gut should'vetold you that. Well,let's hope the autopsycan give us something concrete. i want everything packed up and moved backto global dynamics. Hey. Hey! It's a crime scene.Don't touch anything. It's not a joke.You want to attend to that? I appreciate your efforts,sheriff. But this is a little aboveyour pay grade,which I assume you knew,since you called allison before you called me. You are so stuckin right field. I had to tell him,carter. We have strict protocols about this. You're interferingin a criminal investigation,and I'm the law. This man workedin section five,where I'm the law. So unless you havehard evidence of a crime,you can stopwhat you're doing. Henry. Just consider me switzerland,you know? Just here packing up. I respect the job that you do,sheriff,I do. It just ends herE. Oh,I'm just getting started. Be prudent,sheriff--I wouldn't want you to end up in federal prison. Yeah? Well,I wouldn'twant you to end up with my footshoved up your a-- carter. Sheriff,we're grown men. I like to think we're a littlemore evolved than that. Well,you overestimate me. xxx xxxx There's gotta be somethingwe can do. Stark's head honchoup at global dynamics. When he says "jump," everyone else says"what trajectory? " Yeah,well,I say... screw him. Well,he's probably sayingthe same thing about you. Only in latin. You saw the body,right? I mean,there's no accident. I'm not giving up on this. Unless we can show evidenceof a crime,you don't havemuch of a choice. I can't show evidenceof anything.Stark took it all. Not all of it. That's a pen. No,it's a portablemagnetic resonance imager. I just did a quick scan while everybody elsewas distracted. We may not have a body,but with a little patience, we are gonna havea darn good three-dimensionalrepresentation. Henry,I could kiss you. But why don't wemove this to jo's desk? I'm running a reconstructivealgorithm. Just to sort offill in the gaps. How long before we geta full image? A few hours,maybe less. Once I get itback to the garage,I can boostthe processing power. Okay. In the meantime,jo and I'll try to figure out how this guy got this way. Where are we going? Back to the woods. Odds are stark's goonsmissed something. Dr.Houk. A word. Just a few finishing touches,dr.Stark, and it should be readyfor test phase. Good. Good. And your team? Everyone pulling their weight? I didn't wantto say anything,but dr.Hawthornewasn't up to the task,so I sent him home. When? Yesterday. Why? There's been an accident. Hawthorne. Is there anything elseI should know,milton? Only that in spiteof his shortcomings,you're going to havea highly sophisticated antimissile prototypeto test tomorrow. A man died,milton. I have bigger concernsat the moment. So big you want usto stop working? I'll keep you apprised. What's happened? Nothing. Just get back to work. Where's hawthorne? Did something happen? Let me worryabout hawthorne. We've only got 26 hours. We need to makeevery second count. What? It's just enoughto get us through the night. I don't know. The side effects-- something's not rightwith this stuff. One more dose isn't goingto kill you,keller. Not taking itmight kill your career. It's your call. No,come on. Bingo. which basically meanscertain nonlinear dynamical systems,extremely sensitive to initial conditions-- exhibits a phenomenonknown as chaos. Come on,courtney,that's a textbook definition. You've got to cite specific examples... open your eyes,meat. Sorry,it wasan accident. You're not gonna screw with my dad's credit scoresagain,are you? Lucky for you,I'm in a forgiving mood. Good god,it's nerd-vana. You have no idea. I don't know,you look fairly normal. Well,everyone's gottheir way of standing out. Like yelling "thong!"In a crowded restaurant. Too much? got my attention. Yeah,well,thongs geteveryone's attention. I'm dylan. Zoe. Yeah,I know.The monday minute? You did see that,huh? Don't worry,I-- I know exactlyhow you feel. It's a dragwhen people judge you by what your parents do. Your dad'sa total loser too? Actually,he's a nobel laureatein chemistry. Mom's a physicist. Compared to them,I'm the loser. And I got a 4.6 gpa. Well,that sucks. That's growing upin eureka. So I guess you're oneof the brainiacs,huh? Uh,well,I do havean internship at global dynamics. I hope that doesn't coloryour opinion of me. it depends. On? Whether or not you let mecheat off you in class. Hey,jo,do you have a knife? Ask a stupid question. xxx There's our evidence. Hi,henry.How's it going? Fire in the hole! Oh,I'm sorry. I didn't hear you come in. I can't hear anything. Henry,what are you doing? Working on a hunch. A hypothesison how our guy died,and it wasn'tany bigfoot. Yeah,well,tell me something I don't know. Okay. He tripped. He tripped and was hitby the car? No,he hit the car. What,was he goinglike 500 miles an hour? 588 miles an hour,and he glanced off it,which would explainwhy the car spun out instead of being smashedon impact. Yeah. I think I likethe bigfoot theory again. Here,look,I've donenumerous simulations. I've done mechanical augmentation,I've done temporalmanipulation,I've done biologicalenhancement. only one theory  make sense Someone or somethingturned our guy into road runner. Okay. If that somethingwas a chemical... okay. And that you could ingest. Could you test for it? Sure,if I had the body. How about a body part? Oh,that's very good. Very good. Why's it look like me? it's generic. Eureka. Henry,do you everactually work on cars? Sometimes when it gets slow,yeah. Here,look.Check this out. See how when I probe the tissue,how the adp/atp ratiois out of equilibrium? First thing I noticed. Not only that,this guyhas highly elevated levels of cyclopentanoper hydrophenanthren. He's been juicing. With what,like,rocket fuel? I don't know. We won't find itin barry bonds' locker. Could you find thisin section five? Maybe.I'll know moreonce I isolate the compound. okay. Okay,let's say someoneliterally is speed freaking. Um,what signswould I look for? Besides runningat 600 miles an hour? Appetite,extreme thirst. Any drug that would increasethe metabolic rate this much requires massive amountsof electrolytes,simple and complexcarbohydrates. Henry,you're a rock star. Can I borrowyour wonder pen? Sure.Where are you going? To grab a little lunch. so I thought you were mad at me. If I was,would I betaking you out to lunch? Here? Well,maybe I'ma little mad at you,yeah. Okay,what is thisabout,carter? Nothing. You know? We just never hang out. I wanna knowwhat's going on with you. You know,what's going onwith allison. Okay,for a cop,you're a bad liar. I'm afraid there may bedrugs involved with our john doe's death. What kind of drugs? The kind that canmake you run at mach 5. You sure you're not on drugs? Yes. Look for someone eating a massive amountof food. So we're lookingfor someone who's hungry. Yeah. In a cafeteriaat lunch. Look,I'm not talking abouta regular amount of hungry. I'm talking like postsuper-speedy drug binge hungry. You think global dynamicshas a drug problem? I think I have a dead researcherwho was juicing on something. I mean... athletes juice,right? Why not scientists? Speaking of which... no cafeteria food'sthat good. Wait,wait. Look,those guysare from section five. This has to be handleddelicately. Trust me. Honest. Hey,guys,I hateto interrupt your lunch,but I was wondering if you couldhelp me with something? I want to knowwhat drug this guy was on,and which one of youkilled him. Son of a bitch. Is that delicate enoughfor you? Sheriff. I'm really startingto tire of this. Well,then,I'll make it easy on you. Have these guyssubmit to a drug test. Do you have evidence that they're takingsomething illegal? Well,illegal,no. xxx And whoever gave it to himis looking at a possible murder charge. Assuming that's true,um,how do you knowanybody else is taking it? Oh,I have my reasons. I'm listening. These guys... are eating way too much. Your damning evidenceis a healthy appetite? Well,when you put itlike that,it just sounds dumb. I know.Look,sheriff. I'm gonna need something a little more conclusivethan the munchies. That morewhat you had in mind? I want them quarantinedand isolated for investigation. This is stillan internal matter,sheriff. Not anymore,nathan. Fargo took thisfrom milton's team. Give it to me. I'll have it analyzed-- that's evidencein an ongoing investigation. Carter is right. Milton obviously knowsmore than he's saying. I'll have henryanalyze this. Uh,we can interrogatemilton's team tomorrow. Well,why not now? I want to let them stew. Any drug that gets peoplethis cranked has got to havea nasty rebound. Fine,well,we can put themin the decontamination chamber in section four. Perfect. Nice tie. I'm really startingto dislike that guy. xx xxx Enjoy. My god,this workload is insane. I mean,who needsthis kind of pressure? When do kidsjust get to be kids? did it a hard day in school Actually,I made a friend. That's great!What's her name? His name. Is dylan. Relax,he's perfectly normaland smart. He even has a studentinternship at global D. Since when do you like guyswho are normal and smart? there is someone at the door Since they look like him. We need to,um,talk aboutincreasing security. Against burglars? Against boys. Wow,you guyslive in a hole. I mean,it's a nice hole.It's very,uh... very postmodernarmageddon. Dad,this is dylan. From the caféthis morning,right? Yeah,yeah. But I promisemy intentions are honorable. It's not your intentionsI'm worried about. Dylan's my chemistry tutor. just helping herget a head start,you know? You need all the help you canaround here,believe me. Famous parents,overachiever,he has issues. Don't we all? Don't you have work to do? Yeah,I heard aboutthat accident. Did you figure outwhat caused it yet? yeah,as a matter of fact. I'm this close. Okay,great.Why don't youget on that,'kay? All right. I'm just gonna bein the next room. I have a gun.You know that,right? Dad. And it's loaded. Leave. I'm just saying. Now. and pretty good shot Hey,henry.It's carter. Um,look,I think I gotwhat killed our guy. Still working on the who,but I need a chemical analysis,so,uh... give me a callwhen you get in. what was that? Dad? Zoe,you okay? Yeah. What was that? A warning. back off They're allin pretty bad shape. I almost feel sorryfor them. Well,he's almost ready. And you're surethey were here all night? Yeah,they've beenunder constant surveillance. Well,someonetrashed my place last night. Someone moving too fastfor my security camera. If it wasn't one of them,they definitely knowwho it was. Maybe you shouldquestion them at some point. Do I tell youhow to do your job? No,but that isan amusing idea. I'll question themwhen they're good and ready. Let me out of here! You can't keep melocked up like this. Let me out! Like now. A tape recorder? This is priceless. this is howthis is gonna work,milton. I'm not gonna ask youmisleading,clever questions. Not gonna try to trap you,all right? You work in section five,I figured you're too smartfor that. Good. What is gonna happenis that I'm gonna sit right out there. And watch you slowly go into withdrawal. Until every nervein your body is on fire. Until your skin's crawlingand your brain is begging for whatever the hellyou took. See,I got a body pumped fullof just god knows what,and everythingpoints to you. I didn't kill him.Anybody. Well,you see,I need a different story. Hmm? You got options,milton. You have options until I head outthrough that door. Okay? Good luck. Wait. We were just tryingto keep up. I didn't know anybodywould get hurt. Who else is involved? Nobody. Nobody? Somebody trashed my housetrying to get me to back off from this investigation,and if you clowns are in-- okay! But first... you gotta know,it wasn't mmmmmmm... wasn't what,milton? Milton? Wasn't? Wasn't what? Dammit. I was so close. Must be a reactionto coming off the drug. His metabolism's overcompensating,forcing his nerve systemto shut down. Can you counteract it? Not without knowingexactly what he was taking. What is he saying? I don't know. But my assistant might. Don't ever call me that. Not you. Come here. It wasn't my idea. I didn't make this stuff. I just used it.And so did hawthorne. So you can't hold me responsible for his death. Priceless,huh? Mph is still experimental,but what it altered like that? But no one thought-- what's mph? I think he's talking about methylphenidratehydrochloride. It's an advanced formof ritalin. That's the drug they're usingon kevin in the study. They must have altered itin the lab. Changed the chemicalcomposition. Who has access to it? Um,I can accessthe personnel files. But it'll be a long list. Researchers,kids,their parents,techs,student interns-- hold it. Student interns? One of them named dylan? Yes. Dylan hartwell. He's a senior at tesla. That's my daughter's boyfriend. Son of a bitchwas hiding in plain sight. Okay,jo,you goto the kid's house.I'm hitting the school. i'm on it I can't believe you did that. Allison-- you convinced meto put kevin in that study. Now you've given him a drugthat has killed a man. The drug didn't kill him. Cooking it in the lab did. And I didn't give kevinanything. Oh,oh,great-- now you're gonna try to lay the blameon someone else? No,I'm telling you that kevinisn't on the drug. What? He's not on mph. He's receiving the placebo. How could you know that? It's a double-blind study. Because I cheated. Look. Mph is perfectly safewhen used properly,but with every new drugthere's side effects,and until we knew more,I-I just--I couldn't risk it. No,you--that can't-- I-- no,he has been so differentsince he started that trial. Because you're different. Any progressthat kevin has made? It's because ofhis relationship with you. Not because of any drug. And you've known about this all this time? I'm sorryI couldn't tell you. I... I just wantedwhat was best for him. Don't lie to me again. But... thank you. Zoe! Hey. Uh,where's dylan? It was one kissduring homeroom. Relax. Okay,I'll freak outabout that later. Right now,I need to knowwhere dylan is. Okay,I don't know. I'm not his keeper. All right,come with me.Come on. Here,I'll bring a notetomorrow. I'm telling you,he's using drugs. Oh,of course you think the guy I likemust be using drugs. He had access to the lab,and he was in our house last nightwhen it was trashed. What do you think-- dylan was right next to methe whole time. This drug,mph--uh,he cooks it into speed. Literally. I mean,it can make youmove faster than the eye can see. Do you realizehow crazy you sound? Nobody can move that fast. Dad! why couldn't you just leave it alone? I told you to back off! You had to keep pushing. Everybody's always pushing,all the time. Dylan,where's zoe? You don't knowwhat it's like! I know what it's like to be pulledfrom a moving vehicle. Where's my daughter? I cooked the mphso that I could keep up. They came to me. I wasn't dealing it. They saidthat if I helped them,that they would help me. They would help me move up,you know? Now I'm goingto lose my internship. Do you have any ideahow hard that I worked for that? Dylan,you gotta trust me. No,I told hawthorneto watch the dosing-- okay.So it's an accident.Right? You can come back from this. As long as you don'tdo anything else stupid. Or more stupid. Don't call me stupid! You gotta listen to me. And don't tell mewhat to do. Okay,you gotta stopdoing that. dad! Zoe,stay put! Dylan? Back off. Zoe. Put the gun down,dylan. Why,so I can go to jailfor the rest of my life? Damn straight! Not helping! I can't go to jail. It doesn't have to endlike this. I can't go to jail. Dylan,don'T. No! dylan! Two bits of advice: Always check the safety. And never rush the moundwhen the pitcher's got the ball. Dad! Hey,hey. Hey,are you okay? Yeah,are you? Yeah,well,better than your boyfriend. We are so broken up. Where's the car? This is dr.Stark. I'd like a new projectgiven top priority. That's right. Section five. Would you lighten up,carter?This was your idea. Don't remind me. Look,I know it's notthe way you pictured it. But the important thing is,people are making an effort. Really? Is that what this is? An effort? I call thisan abomination. Well,it's a beautiful dayhere at quantum field. There's our very own jack carter. Jack carter,ladies and gentlemen. Let's hear it for jack carter. Steps up to the plate. Time to... play ball! Whoo,dad! Come on! Batter batter batter batterbatter batter batter... crowd the plate,law dog. I'll nail ya. Aw,just throw the damn ball,dogcatcher. come on,dad!This pitcher's got no game. Knock it downtown! taggart is looking for his pitch. Oh,come on--finally. He sees something that he likes. Winds up for the pitch-- It's a long,hard,fly to center. He caught it! At the fence. It's the first big-- big play of the game. Now that is what I call baseball. Let a pro show youhow it's done. And it is--pssh! Outta here. It's gonna bea hell of a game,you know what I'm talking about?