what mankind has learned since the beginning of time is locked inside Kim. I became the primary machine. There's still an incredible amount of information locked inside of you, and we have to figure a way of getting it out safely. That was fast. Good hair. It always looks good. But it looks gooder. Better. Well, curling iron... greatest invention of the 20th century. - So you're missing something? - More like someone. Just saw her at Café Diem with Henry. Case closed. Kim is technically property of GD, and we haven't downloaded her yet. If she were a laptop, Henry could be arrested for taking her out of here. He should know better. People take things out of here all the time and it might help with the downloading process. Actually, we've got bigger help coming in... A neural networking specialist from Bethesda. I just thought Henry would take it better coming from you. Fair enough. I mean, Henry had a rough time when Kim died, so. Yeah, that sucks. Allison told me. Finding the person that makes you happy but not getting the ever-after. I had fun the other night, the whole meteor thing. Yeah, me, too. You know, we should get some... Tess the mess? Is it you? - All me. - Impossible. Where's the baggy sweatshirt? Those red glasses? - Oh, God. - The crazy hair? The curling iron... greatest invention of the 20th century. Sheriff Jack Carter, this the neural networking specialist I was just telling you about... Dr. Bruce Manly. - Us. Dr. Bruce Manlius. - Us. - He's here to help with... - Help us, yes. I heard. I didn't hear about you guys all knowing each other, though. Yeah, I've known these two lovely ladies since I was their TA in grad school. Yes, when we were more awkward than lovely. - We should do dinner. - I'm in bed by 7:00 nowadays. - Well, then, the two of us. - Okay. Yeah, it'll be a celebration of downloading the organic computer. - Which, by the way, where is that? - With Henry at Café Diem. - I'll be back... Manly. - Us. Dr. Manlius. Bacon. Salty, right? Right. How about this? Apple pie. Sweet. But I like cherry better. Next time you want to impress a girl, don't, okay? What? You told Tess to do the baby shower at our house, and now I'm stuck planning it with the harpies because she's too busy. The harpies? Monroe, Draper, and Bell. - Infant development of GD. - Infantile is more like it. They all wanna impress the boss and they are driving Zoe crazy. - Can you sit down, please? - I am working. - You missed yesterday's meeting. - I had school. If you're not gonna take planning this shower seriously... Look, I can't come to the GD gym just because you guys are multitasking maniacs. And no, that wasn't a compliment. Well, this looks like a lot. Well, Kim's sense of smell is developing. But eating isn't on my menu. And a sense of humor. - Can I talk to you? - Sure. We've broken protocol. You should take me back. You're right. You have to take her back. This is genius. A self-replicating mainframe with who knows how much storage in each cell. It has follicles and pores, a denser mass in the skeletal frame. Even its flesh has a reasonable degree of elasticity. - Her flesh, and she can hear you. - Dr. Manlius is doing his job. I meant no offense. But this... This is a remarkable piece of technology you've created, Dr. Deacon. Kim Yamazaki and I were the designers. Well, let's see what it can tell us. I need to test the data extraction process - before we proceed to the download. - What are you doing? What did you think I would do? Everything's clear. You can test anytime. Your laser is connected to the GD hydroelectric cooling system. Radiation. Bruce's technology can momentarily alter the shape of an organic computing cell, so an electrical impulse can duplicate the data locked within its structure. If this works, we'll be able to copy Kim without damaging the original. Kim stays safe. Dr. Fontana, would you assist? I'm sorry, I should have phrased that differently. Activating shield. Well, it must be a little strange calling your former student "Doctor". I meant asking you to assist. Activating laser. You are my boss here... and I respect that. Thanks. Activating current. Irradiating it's hair should show us our chances of unlocking the rest of the data. My God. And that's just a lock of hair. Imagine what's inside that thing. Nice wrapping job, Jo. Shocking, I know. "Stain-free co-polymer." Okay, I guess she'll wear this when auntie Jo babysits. - What are you doing? - Well, my bib isn't high-tech, so... And you could have told me it was just all women. Well, I figured you'd watch baseball. I'm the birthing coach. I take my responsibility seriously. "Self-adjusting size to three years old." Me next. This is the future of baby monitors. It actually lets you feel what your baby is feeling through biorhythmic sync. Three for three. Birthing partner. Come here. So when she's hungry, you'll be hungry, too. Tired, tummy ache... You name it, you'll know it. Now, if you'll hold this over your heart. Hold this over her belly. Now we sync up your biorhythms. That's a strong, healthy heart. Mommy and baby are connected. This will revolutionize child care. Not as much as these. Monitors are cute, but they don't help with messes. One Draper diape can hold up to five times its volume in water. - Now, that's revolutionary. - But not as planet-friendly as these... self-sanitizing bottles. It's an incredible new plastic technology that actually bonds to the liquid and releases 100% of it. Saves on plastic, water waste... It's truly the perfect baby gift. And I made mimosas. Wait, one more gift. We got... We got you... a basket that you can take all your gifts home in. Which, you know... Thank you, Carter. So who wants to play the bottle-drinking game? All right. Good morning, mimosa king. You're late for work.</i> Yeah, I'm on my way, and not so loud. You didn't have to win the game. My manhood was at stake. But you know what? I absolutely crushed 'em. All right, careful on the road. That was some storm last night. Looks that way. I'll call you back. I've got a vehicle off the road. Ma'am? Oh, my God. Projet-SG (1.00) Dr. Monroe, the baby monitor lady? How could this happen? She could have gone off the road on the way back from the baby shower. What's that smell? But how did she drown in a car? Leaky sunroof. It was raining pretty hard. Where is Henry? What is that smell? Henry is staying with Kim. I'll be doing the autopsy. You? Henry says I've assisted him enough to fly solo. I wouldn't fly in a plane with you. It could be as simple as a heart attack. Or not. Someone could have done this to her. There are easier ways to kill than drowning someone in a car. - And did she even have any enemies? - Plenty of people at GD wouldn't have minded that particular baby researcher gone. Next year's grants have been cut. Fewer jobs. People get desperate. I'm gonna need a list of the people that could get downsized. Sheriff, open the car. - Me? - This might be a crime scene. How would it look if I compromised evidence for my first gig as medical examiner? That's the smell. Tuna, egg, and cream cheese burrito with horseradish. You want a bite? No, I'm good. Dr. Monroe? That's... That's terrible. I was just getting to know her because of the baby shower. Yeah, Fargo's doing the autopsy right now. It could have been an accident. Or it could have been one of the people on this grant list. The car was perfectly sealed. Someone had to fill it. We've narrowed it down to four. The rest have alibis. So you think that GD scientists are killing each other over grant research? That's ridiculous. No one on that list is capable of... I know of two. Draper and Bell, the type As that I planned your party with. They would eat their own young if they thought it would impress you. Please find out what happened, before rumors start to spread. Sure. - Draper did it. - See what I mean? Fargo, please don't jump to conclusions. These are people that we know. All I know is Dr. Monroe's lungs were like sponges. Every cell was bursting with water. Yeah, but isn't that what happens when someone drowns? Not unless there's a super-absorbency technology involved. Sound familiar? Death by Draper diape. I rest my case. Well, Draper's research does involve microfibers that if inhaled or ingested in major quantities might cause this kind of water retention. Okay. I'll find Draper. You want to talk to Bell? And Fargo, if you could check the body for any microfibers. And no speculation until we figure this thing out. You guys have the mimosas last night? I learned that lesson at an astronomy conference in Puerto Rico. And by the way, there's an asteroid event tomorrow night. - Feel like stargazing again? - Again? I can't. I have our first birthing class. It's tomorrow. - I didn't know you were that into it. - I am. I am. And tell Henry I'm gonna stop by later after I figure out how a woman could drown in the middle of a highway. A hell of a hangover. Bye. I am so confused. I thought he liked me. Well, we went on this date, and I thought we had a great time. You went on a date. No, an almost-date. And... We... He... God, I suck at this. So do you like him? Like like like? I mean, I think I do. Dad. Is Dr. Monroe really dead? I'm afraid so. - Do you have any leads? - Maybe. Could you make me one of those to go? I'm just starving. Sorry, sorry. So, Dr. Draper. You still working on the Draper diape? Every G8 country is trying to perfect ultra-absorption technology. I don't plan on letting them beat me. Just like you didn't want Monroe to beat you to next year's grant? Look. I've known Monroe for years. I'm very competitive. I didn't kill her. Now, if you'll excuse me... The data extraction worked on your hair. Now we'll try the rest of you. So do you think this is okay? It's what we need to do. I need to know what you think, Henry. You're the one I trust. I think Manlius knows what he's doing. Activating cooling system. Fargo's checking Draper's diapers. You realize how strange that sounds. Activating isolation shield. That didn't come down before. Higher radiation levels require the lead shield. No worries. We'll keep an eye on her with the infrared scanner. Activating laser. - This looks wrong. - And activating current. She's saying something. Well, we can't stop it mid-process. We might damage the data. - What about her?! - She is the data. It could cause more harm if we don't finish. More than that? Stop the transfer! He's right. Shut it down! I'm sorry. It's not working. It's all right. Come on. Your radiation levels were way too high. They were hurting her. We'll have to close early until I can find out where this leak is coming from. As soon as people are done, you can leave. Plumbing emergency. If everyone could just finish up and go home, that would be awesome. You don't need to eat that. Go home. Dr. Draper? I think we found our leak. My preliminary, albeit well-trained forensic analysis, leads me to the obvious conclusion... She drowned. Dr. Monroe also drowned, and they were both at the baby shower. How could she drown in the middle of a restaurant? I get it how someone could absorb water or drown in a flooded car, but, in a bathroom? I mean, maybe it was out of the air. It's been humid since the storm. Doubtful... Even with a high vapor pressure you couldn't precipitate that much liquid from the atmosphere. So where did the water come from? From them. - Them who? - Monroe and Draper... Maybe they weren't absorbing water but making it. The body holds ten gallons of water. That wouldn't fill up a car. Draper was sweating, a glass slipped right out of her hand. Maybe she was making extra water... Like overproducing it. I'll need to see more evidence to buy that theory. Maybe I should test the water. Please. Look, I've been all over the diagnostics, and there was no malfunction in the system. Look again. Kim reacted so violently because her cellular structure is changing. That's understandable. She's been exposed to new stimuli. But new neural pathways should form and... Changing for the worse. She's decaying, and we're not exactly sure why. But if we can't find another way to access that data, it could all be gone in a matter of days... maybe hours. And because she is the data... She'll be gone. Samples from Dr. Draper and Dr. Monroe. - Looks like water. - Pure water. Neutral Ph. No bacteria, no contaminants. - You know what that means. - No, actually. It's synthetic. Dr. Rivers makes it in her lab. Synthetic water? Yeah, you should meet her. I've been in synthetic water research for ten years. It's a spectacular achievement. The proper rotation of hydrogen atoms alone... Regular water is still fine, though, right? Well, there's fine, and then there's perfect. We have two bodies, and both of them are filled with your synthetic water. That's awful. How? Well, we think that your water made them drown from the inside out. That's impossible. My water is perfectly safe. It's used throughout Eureka, tracked, and recycled right back here. You probably showered in it this morning. That's very reassuring. Thank you. You okay, Sheriff? Forgive me... No, actually, do you have a bathroom? - Through the door to the left. - Thank you. Sheriff, are you all right? That's your third visit to the bathroom since you've been home.</i> You try working on a case all about water. Is something wrong? Your blood pressure seems to be higher than usual.</i> My pants are tight. Have you been putting my uniform in the dryer again? I use a dry-cleaning process to avoid shrinking.</i> Perhaps you overindulged the mini quiches</i> at the baby shower. Please. I had ten. Speaking of which, you finish the analysis? Yes. No traces of synthetic water in any of the food or beverages consumed at the party.</i> How about the mimosas? I haven't had a hangover like this in years. Would you like me to run that analysis again?</i> No, no, it's... Yes! Wait! How about Dr. Bell's self-sanitizing bottle? I mean, that's what the mimosas were in. What'd she say about that? Incredible new plastic technology bonds to any liquid then releases 100% of it.</i> Like maybe into the body, the person who's drinking it? Like me? Sheriff Carter? Tell me he's not here to do another autopsy. I have enough bodies on my hands already. I was sure I was the next drowning victim. You're just a little bloated. You passed out from a combination of high blood pressure and low blood sugar. So I'm not drowning at all. Nothing in your lungs. But your condition is serious. What condition is that? Couvade syndrome. I had Bruce examine you. He's an expert on neural pathway anomalies. How serious is this? You're pregnant. Excuse me? It's sympathy pregnancy. Some men can develop symptoms when they worry too much about their pregnant... their birthing partners. So I'm feeling this because of you? The mind is a very powerful force. If you believe in something long enough, the body can make it happen. I don't understand. I was exposed to the water that came out of Monroe, and Zoe was exposed to the water that came out of Draper. We know that syn water can't enter the body through contact. It has to be absorbed directly into the bloodstream. Well, here. Yeah, I'll be right there. Well, drink a Red Bull, Fargo. We got another case. Someone else from my shower? No ID yet, but I want everyone who was at that party tested for syn water. Just because I'm fine doesn't mean that everyone else will be. I found her this morning when I opened up. She usually closes the place by herself after she finishes cleaning. - And she was here all day before that. - Yeah, her shift starts at noon. She takes care of the steam and sauna during the day, then sanitizes the whole area after she's done. Guess this kills our theory that the baby shower was the cause. Maybe this one was just clumsy. Slipped, whacked her head, and drowned in the tub. - It's possible. - I don't think so. I mean, she's wearing rubber gloves, and you don't fill the tub with water to clean it, right? It was empty when she started. So this one turned into old faithful like the others. So it wasn't the baby shower. But she must have something in common with Monroe and Draper. She does. Syn water. You remember Dr. Bell, the baby bottle lady? Was it syn water? Good thing we started to test people from the shower. We caught Dr. Bell before her lungs started to fill. She would have had 5 minutes after that. - She's the only one? - So far. We can arrest her drowning symptoms by artificially respirating her until we can figure out what's causing this. Didn't you say something about syn water in the bloodstream? Not absorbed through surface contact. Has to enter the bloodstream directly. - Is that what we're looking at? - Potentially. Kim's suffering from a degeneration of the organic tissue. Because her original cell structure had no Earth-centric immunities. That was my call back then. I thought it would free up more space within the cell for data storage. And you were right, but that's why it's imperative we access the data before it... disappears. Before she dies. We submerge her in an acid solution, break up the individual nanobytes of data... - You wanna dissolve her. - Not easy to consider, I know, but... There has to be another way. Look, give me 24 hours. Well, I can give you until midnight. That's how long it'll take for us to prepare the procedure. Fine. We've done more analysis of your water and found something interesting. The syn water we found in the victim's body is perfectly harmless until it's added directly to... human plasma, at which point... Old faithful. It must be something within their specific plasma. Sorry, that was a generic sample from the infirmary. There's bad syn water out there, I've got a third victim on life support. We'll have to shut down your lab until we can test everything. You said that the water that comes in here is recycled, so you must have a filtration system or something? - Best on or off the planet. - Great, we'll get... Off the planet? Synthetic water is the only way we'll ever be able to colonize space. Natural water molecules can't be compressed, but syn water... One canister can start an entire civilization. It's perfectly harmless. The isotope bonds that compress it disappear once the molecule is reformed. Well, I have three victims and a fourth on life support, so something is causing it. You're a very caring man. Well, we'll just call it "sympathetic". Carter, that water goes everywhere. That's why Dr. Rivers is checking, maybe she can find out where it's coming from. She has the most advanced tracking system on and... Or off the planet. Yeah, I know. Well, we need to figure this out before someone else goes down. Well, I'm trying. - Is there something wrong? - No, I'm... I'm... I... My back hurts. My ankles are sore. It feels like my organs are up on my lungs. I'm gonna... I don't know how you do it. Well, you just do it. Come on. Henry wants us in there. - Let's go for ice cream after. - Two scoops. So you can save me and my data? Manlius came up with the wrong solution? Yeah, this is a nutrient bath with antibiotics. Will it filter the data out of my cells? And repair them at the same time. Okay, we're all set. So are we. Now just try to keep still and relax. What is that? It's a hydroelectric cooling system. Puppy puts out a lot of heat. Starting the download... Now. It's working. Turn it off. Look, I understand that this is emotionally complicated, and I mean no disrespect. But Kim... Kim is a sophisticated storage device. Her personality was a construct of the computer and she was never human. We're bringing her back, but not for long. She is degrading. Any hope we have of retrieving what's left inside her means that we have to act fast. We need to sacrifice her to save everything she has to tell us. Could we just give them a moment alone? Thanks. I'm sorry, Henry. Thanks. Yeah, thanks. Welcome back. Those cooling pipes. Could they be filled with synthetic water? Well, yeah. They are. It's conductivity is vastly superior to other coolants. Why? Well, that chamber was pumped full of radiation. That's why we use the shield. The cooling pipes are inside the shield. Couldn't that affect the water? I talked to Manlius. Your water isn't the problem, but your isotopes may be. Could they be affected when the water is exposed to radiation? If the radiation level is high enough, it might compress them again. Like in your never-ending canister. Exactly, and if that's what's in their lungs... Now Allison said also you had a tracking system of some sort. Is that true? I know everywhere my water goes. It's a closed system that never comes in contact with nature's water cycle. Dr. Manlius' lab is right there. That's where the radiation came from. Now, where does the water go after that? I'll need a time. First test was about noon yesterday. There was only one flush from his lab at 12:08, - and it went to... - Into the gym. How did you know? That's when the... that attendant started her shift. This is hard for you. I shut myself down before because... I didn't want to cause you any pain. And Kim would not have wanted that, either. But you're not Kim. I know that. You do have her laugh. And her mind. And... her spirit. And she'll always be a part of you. I'm just a copy, Henry. And you have to let me go. I have a mission. We both do. Then let's see this through. Well, the hydroelectric pipes lead right here, so the question is who was in the steam room yesterday at noon? It was a group of very catty women. Would that be Monroe, Draper, and Bell? Yeah, exactly right. There's a chance they inhaled the steam made from the irradiated syn water. That's how it got into their bloodstream and mixed with their plasma. If they inhaled it all the way to their lungs, then, yeah. Hang on, it looks like there was one other person in there with them. A late arrival. Last name Fontana. Tess? Excuse me, excuse me. Section Five, ocular identification required.</i> Better make it fast. Invalid retinal scan. Invalid retinal scan. Security code breach. Security lockdown engaged. - Where's Tess? - Stuck in that elevator. - Some kind of security problem. - Did Fargo test her with the other one? No, you ruled out that shower connection before we got to her. Why? - How long has she been in there? - A few minutes. I'll call emergency. No time. She's got 5 minutes before she drowns. Get him in that elevator shaft. Why is it always heights? I've entered the security code for the hatch.</i> I'm still trying to get manual override in the elevator.</i> I got her. - <i>She has pulse but she's not breathing.</i> - A medical team's on the way. Yeah, well, that's gonna be too late. Honey? - You're gonna be okay. - Keep putting air in her lungs. They're gonna continue filling with fluid until we can drain them. Not how I saw our first kiss. But I'm gonna breathe for you, okay? You're gonna be okay. How are you feeling? It hurts to breathe. They're draining the water from your lungs as fast as they can. I'm scared. You'll be fine. Just rest. - Hey, guys. Give me some good news. - Well, I wish there was. We can keep her alive in here like Dr. Bell. Well, that's a start, but it's not a solution. The compressed water she inhaled in the steam room could take months to expel. Her organs could give out before then. I'm sorry. She loved you, Henry. And I loved her. Activating laser. The radiation and chemical combination should undo the bonds that hold her form together. Now, as that happens, the data should begin to release. Oh, my God. Kim gave this to you, Henry. You'll always have a part of her. Yes, I will. Download complete. Looks like we got it all. I am so sorry for his loss. How is Tess? She's not good. And maybe we're not putting the right technology together. There's someone I need to introduce you to. Here you go. - Will it work? - All depends on Manlius. If he can calibrate his radiation correctly, it should be able to break the specific molecular bond and release all the compressed syn water inside of her intact. And if it doesn't? He could decompress all the remaing syn water at once. She'll drown. And we wouldn't be able to drain it quickly enough. We've got her in a nutrient bath that Kim and I developed. It'll protect her from the radiation long enough for the syn molecules to get released. And once they're out, then we can all breathe easier. Especially Tess. Thank you, Henry. All right. I'll need to take your respirator now. You'll have to go underwater, and breathe with this. Until we can disperse enough molecules for your lungs to empty, it will feel like you're drowning. I know you can do this. All right? Activating laser. Okay, it's working on my end. I'm not tracking any release. Geez. Come on. Come on, Tess. I don't know how much longer I can expose her. It's working. We have release. The compressed molecules are coming out of her lungs intact. - She's just gotta hold on. - She can do it. What happened? She's clear. Ice cream? Just what I wanted. You know, I'm starting to get used to this. I gotta say, it's exhausting, but... It's kinda nice. I wasn't very good at being around when Abby was pregnant with Zoe. So... Thanks. And when is our first birthing class? You remember this? That's the high-tech baby monitor from the shower. The thing that's supposed to make you feel what the baby feels, right? Right. Or... Instead of connecting me to the baby, it connected you to me, which is why you've been having all these symptoms. I thought... Well. Good news is that we can turn it off. You know, we can't stay connected forever. Life is gonna change for me pretty quickly. And it's changing for you. But... I think you should... you know, go be with Tess right now. Are you sure? Yeah, well, you know, right after you rub my feet. - I'll do it nice. - Gentle. I will, I will. Well, well, well. You seem awfully happy. Yeah, I feel like I lost ten pounds. How are you feeling? Well, actually, I was hoping to go to that asteroid event tonight. Well, it doesn't happen that often. And it's pretty special. Well... If you'd like, maybe we could watch it together. You know, I never got to thank you for saving my life. - Manly did that. - I meant in the elevator. That was some kiss. That was CPR. So is this. That's not CPR. No, you're right. But maybe we should try it again just to be sure.