you have to go back to the beginning. His Majesty, the king. My lords and councillors, there is a great deal of work to do. In the past, those who held the reins of government deceived me. Many things were done without my knowledge or my approval. But such proceedings will stop in the future. Your Grace will be appointed president of the council. Jointly with the Duke of Suffolk. Your Majesty. We shall convene again very shortly. To discuss those matters which remain close to our hearts. A word. Although it pleases me much... ...that Wolsey is no longer here among us, yet... Even in his absence, does he not cause you disquiet? How so? He was attaindered, but not for treason. Which means he still lives. And so long as he lives, he remains a danger both to the realm and to us. He is far away in York. In disgrace. I think you exaggerate the danger. And I think that you don't understand it. The king, as you know, could easily change his mind. And if he did, if Wolsey ever returned to this court... ...we would both have cause enough to fear his vengeance. This is intolerable. We must have the roof mended. With what and by whom? We have no money and no bloody servants. Surely, the king never meant you to live so wretchedly? After all, you are still archbishop of York. Well, perhaps it's not the king's fault. I have had cause to remember the old prophecy: "When the cow rideth the bull, then, priest, beware thy skull." You mean that cow Anne Boleyn? Indeed so. Which is why I'm writing her this letter. Even if she's the cause of all our misery? Well, yes, since she's the cause, she can also be the cure. I just have to persuade her that I am not her enemy, but her friend. I still have the letter in which she promises to reward me... ...for all my pains and efforts at such time as she becomes crowned. I seem to remember at the time... ...you thought her promises rather amusing. Well, yes, perhaps I did. Since then I have rather lost my sense of humour. Sir Thomas, I notice you allow yourself none of the trappings of your office. I'm not so vain as to display its power, Master Cromwell. But I tell you this, I fully intend to use it. - May I ask to what effect? - Here, for example. Here is a report of a sermon recently given in Cambridge... ...by a certain Hugh Latimer. A senior member of the university. And I quote: "Mr. Latimer said that holy scripture should be read in the English tongue... ...of all Christian people whether priest or layman. He raged against the gilding of images... ...the running of pilgrimages, and superstitious devotion. He said that all men were priests... ...and that we had no need for priests or popes on Earth." Times have changed, Master Cromwell. Now I plainly see the risk and danger involved in such an open-door policy... ...towards these newfangled, erroneous sects. You condemn all Reformers as heretics? Wolsey was far too soft on them. I intend not to be. Will you burn them? "This belief that pope and clergy possess separate power... ...and authority is contrary to scripture. The king is the representative of God on Earth... ...and his law is God's law. The ruler is accountable to God alone... ...and the obedience of his subjects is an obedience required by God. For the Church and the pope to rule the princes of Europe... ...is not only a shame above all shames but an inversion of the divine order. One king and one law in God's name in every realm." This book is a book for me, and for all kings. And there are other books like it. Books which detail the abuses of power, privileges... ...the greed of the clergy in Your Majesty's realm. Books which Wolsey deliberately kept hidden from you. I should like to read them. Now I've taken power unto myself... ...I shall work day and night if necessary to resolve things. Including my annulment. I swear to you now everything will be different. His Majesty the king. - Ambassador Chapuys. - Your Majesty. I hear you are a very able and intelligent diplomat. Like me, I'm sure you're aware of all the new religious controversies. I know of some new heresies that have sprang up here and there, certainly. If only the pope and his cardinals could set aside their vain pomp... ...start living according to the precepts of the gospels the and early fathers. I am well aware Your Majesty... ...is in the midst of an argument with His Holiness. I'm not talking about myself. You see, when Luther attacked the vice... ...and corruption of the clergy, he was right. Had he stopped, and not gone on to destroy the sacraments... ...and so on, I would have raised my pen in his defence... ...rather than attacking him. The need for reformation in the Church is manifest. The emperor has a duty to promote it. As do I in my own domain. I'm glad we've had this opportunity to exchange opinions. - Your Majesty. - Ambassador. - I'm surprised you have so much time. - To do what? - To do nothing. - What are you saying? Aren't you supposed to be running the country? I leave that to Norfolk. He's had more practise. In any case, meetings with ambassadors, infinitely tedious. They're all liars, hypocrites, and middle-aged men. Would you prefer them to be women? My friend, if all ambassadors were beautiful women... ...l'd be serving my country day and night. - Here we are. - Your Grace. Let me present my ward, Miss Catherine Brooke. - Sir Anthony Knivert. - Miss Catherine. - Sir. - Anthony's one of our finest horsemen. Except for when I fall off. - You enjoying your walk? - Yes. Good. Then I shan't delay you any further. Put your back into it, lads. - Pretty little thing, isn't she? - Indeed, she is. I'm gonna marry her. You've been in exile, Mr. Fish? Yes, sir. It was Cardinal Wolsey's pleasure to keep me in Holland... ...for fear I might speak the truth. So why did you try to return? I thought, sir, that with the cardinal fallen and sent away... ...that circumstances in this country might be changed for the better. More tolerant. Do you have friends in this country? - Of course, sir, as an Englishman. - At court? Do you have friends at court? Do you deny you are the author of this work... ...A Supplication for the Beggars? No, sir. What is it? Sir, an appeal to His Majesty... ...to redress many of the terrible and scandalous abuses of the Church. You seem to suggest that the real aim of the Church... ...is to seize all power, lordship, obedience and dignity from the king. In fact, you go further. You claim that the Church itself... ...is a source of rebellion and disobedience against the king. Don't you, Mr. Fish? And here, Mr. Fish, if I may. You say that the exactions taken from the people... ...are not given to a kind, temporal prince... ...but to "a cruel, devilish bloodsucker... ...drunken in the blood of the martyrs and saints of Christ." Shame on you, Mr. Fish. For who are these cruel, devilish bloodsuckers... ...but the anointed priests of our holy Church. Those who show us the way to heaven. But then, you don't believe in that either, do you, Mr. Fish? Who are you? I'm a Christian man, the child of everlasting joy... ...through the merits of the bitter passion of Christ. This is the joyful answer. It is also heresy. What is it? What has she done? She is wearing purple. And purple is the colour of royalty. You know, I sometimes wish... ...that all Spaniards were at the bottom of the sea. Mistress Boleyn... ...you should not abuse the queen's honour with such language. I care nothing for Catherine. I would rather see her hanged than acknowledge her as my mistress. - Is that it? - Yes, Your Majesty. Thank God. What is it, Mr. Cromwell? Your Majesty, I... Mr. Cromwell. I must beg Your Majesty's indulgence, and forgiveness, before I... Go on. I had cause, recently, on a visit to Waltham Abbey... ...to speak to a learned friend there. We spoke about Your Majesty's great matter. We came to the conclusion Your Majesty's advisers... ...might not, perhaps, be approaching the matter... ...in the most convenient way to solve it. - You mean through the courts? - Yes. As Your Majesty well knows, kings are set above the law. They are answerable to God alone, who anointed them. So it seems to us that the matter is not, and never has been, a legal one. It is a theological one. But in that case, who should pass verdict upon it? We would suggest... ...that Your Majesty canvass the opinion of theologians... ...at colleges around Europe. Their sentence would be pronounced... ...and could be implemented with little industry. And by that simple measure... ...I trust that Your Majesty's troubled conscience might be pacified. Will you write a paper showing your argument? - Lf Your Majesty trusts me to do so. - No, I command you to do so. Then I command you, as a royal agent... ...visit the universities in Europe. I want the opinion of their theological faculties as soon as possible. Thank you, Mr. Cromwell. There's still time to recant of your heresy, Mr. Fish. If you acknowledge that your opinions were misguided, evil... ...contrary to the law of God... ...then you will be spared the great pains you must otherwise endure. I beg of you, acknowledge your sins. God will welcome you back into his fold. Recant. Recant, you still have a moment. The Lord is my shepherd, I can want nothing. He feedeth me in green pastures, he leadeth me to fresh waters. Though I should walk now in the valley of the shadow of death... ...yet I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy staff and thy sheep, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table for me, against mine enemies. My head Thou anoints with oil, and filleth my cup full. Oh, let thy loving-kindness and mercy follow me all the days of my life... ...that I mayest dwell in the Lord's house for ever. I have something I want to say to you. I have decided to ennoble you and your family. You are to be created Earl of Wiltshire and Ormonde... ...and I am also appointing you Lord Privy Seal. George will become Lord Rochford... ...and be made a member of council. Your Majesty, I'm lost for words. Your bounty is unceasing. I also have high hopes for Mr. Cromwell. I'm glad. He is a friend of the family. You know his thesis. I want you to visit the pope and the emperor at Bologna. I want you to put to them our new case. Please tell me you are not losing hope. It is true, I... I had always fancied that the king... ...after pursuing his course for some time, would turn away... ...would yield to his conscience, and change his purpose... ...as he has done so often before. I believed with all my heart that he would return to reason. But now l... Madam, I pray you. Don't give way. No, Excellence. I shall never give way. Thank you for what you have done for my father. For my whole family. There's more. I've made alterations to Wolsey's old palace at York Place. You said you liked it. I am giving it to you. What is it? Have I made you unhappy? No. I would only be unhappy if you ever stopped loving me. London would have to melt into the Thames first. It is everything now for the lady Anne? Sir Thomas, does this not remind you of a wedding feast? It seems to me that nothing is wanted but a priest... ...to give away the nuptial rings and pronounce the blessing. God forbid that should happen. It's none of my business. My new job as chancellor... ...will be to do my utmost to contend for the interests of Christendom. Perhaps the king's Majesty... ...is more inclined towards the Reformers than you know. I don't think so. I know him better than you do, Excellence. His deepest instincts are traditional and faithful. He may threaten to break with Rome... ...but I don't think he will ever do so. I hope you are right. The consequences would be unthinkable. Everything seems to move in your favour, Your Grace. I have bad news. I happen to know that the king... ...has sent Wolsey an intaglio portrait of himself. So? So it is traditionally a sign of goodwill. It may presage a reconciliation. A small gift to ease the king's conscience is hardly a sign... ...that the bishop of York will be restored to his former glory. Think of it this way. When Satan fell from heaven, was he ever invited back? You were. I see that you have accepted patronage from Mr. Cromwell, Mr. Wyatt. How very transparent the world is. But was I wrong to do so, Tallis? I think so. Yeah. You should be your own man. Don't be a fool, Tallis. You won't survive long in this slippery world... ...without the support of a great man. You think Mr. Cromwell is a great man? No, I think he's a coming man. Mark my words. For what it's worth, I did fuck her. What is it, Thomas? I have had a reply to my letter. From Mistress Boleyn? What did she say? That she will not speak to the king on my behalf. Then our hopes are over. No. No, no. I have resolved to write to another lady... ...who is far greater, far greater than that mischievous whore. And far more likely to be kind. Madam, the king is here. Please. Be seated. Majesty. I came because I heard you were unwell. And that it was necessary for the physician to have bled you. - How are you feeling now? - I am very well. Your Majesty is kind to show concern. How is our daughter? She writes to me in perfect Latin and tells me she dances the galliards... ...and can play the lute much to everyone's satisfaction and joy. - You should be proud of her. - I am proud of her. You ought to invite her to court. You could watch her dancing and playing. - It might please you. - Catherine, l... I hear that several of your agents... ...have been sent abroad to canvass theological opinion about the divorce. For every scholar that votes for you... ...I could find a thousand who would vote for me. My lords... ...every day I'm forced to read new reports of dissatisfaction... ...confusion and delays throughout my kingdom. My exchequer is empty... ...and we are borrowing money at a biting rate. Your Graces are presidents of this council... ...and yet I hear nothing from you on these matters. Nor any other matter. - Your Majesty must forgive me... - Yes, I know. I must always forgive you. But I grow tired of forgiving you! I have given you everything, including the right to call yourself prince! And what do I get in return? I used to think the cardinal vain, self-serving and greedy... ...just as you told me. But now I understand the burden he carried, uncomplainingly. Your Majesty should not forget that he also stole from you... ...and he served the interests of the French... ...even above those of England. Is that what you think, Thomas? It is certainly true that the cardinal was vainglorious beyond measure. It did him tremendous harm... ...and made him abuse the considerable gifts God gave him. And yet he is a better man than any of you... ...for managing this kingdom's matters. - I will talk to him. - Yes, you must. Ambassador Chapuys, Your Majesty. Ambassador. - I have a letter for Your Majesty. - From the emperor? No. From Cardinal Wolsey. This is so strange. Do you know what it says? The cardinal is offering to create a rapprochement... ...between you and he, the emperor, and Rome. The coup would be signalled by the arrival of a papal edict... ...ordering Henry to leave Anne Boleyn and return to his marriage. The emperor will offer his financial and moral support... ...and insist that Wolsey be reinstated as chancellor. Do you think it could work? The cardinal is nothing if not ingenious. I want you to set up a new parliament. Important things need to be done. My exchequer is empty, for one thing. I will do as Your Majesty commands. But I must warn you that you may not find this parliament... ...as compliant as those before. How so? Well, though I must confess to being amongst those... ...who called for greater tolerance and freedom of speech... ...I fear that the freedom so given by Your Majesty's kindness... ...is now openly abused. There are many dissenting voices in the kingdom... ...chiefly on religious matters. There are calls for a reformation. How many have you burned, Thomas? Six. All lawful, necessary and well done. Well done? Yes, Harry. What did he say? Well, in so many words... ...he told me that he was inclined to pardon Wolsey... ...and restore him to royal favour. And what did you say? I agreed with His Majesty that the cardinal had many talents. You did what? I agreed with the king that His Eminence had many talents. I cannot believe this. Have you not spoken yourself... ...of the terrible vengeance he would exact on us... ...if he ever again had the power? Or perhaps you don't think vengeance to be one of his many talents. I do indeed. Which is why I cultivate the king's good graces. Your Majesty will be pleased to know that the University of Paris... ...the greatest prize of all, has declared in your favour. And Italy? I confess that the universities there are divided. But Padua, Florence and Venice have all declared for Your Majesty. Spain? Catherine's country? Spain is against. Are you surprised? And you, my lord. Did you get to see the emperor and His Holiness? How are they? Your Majesty, the emperor refused to see me. And His Holiness? The pope simply gave me this edict, to bring to Your Majesty. What does it say? The edict instructs Your Majesty... ...to order Lady Anne Boleyn to leave your court. It refuses to allow Your Majesty permission to remarry... ...while the papal curia is deciding Your Majesty's case. Mr. Wyatt. - I am busy. - There is someone you should see. - Not now, Mr. Wyatt. - It concerns the cardinal. Your Excellency. What can I do for you? My Lord, I would ask you a very great favour. These are troubled times. It seems to me that in certain quarters... ...there is now a blatant and open hostility to our holy Church. - As we discovered in Germany... - And what do you expect me to do? I beg you to use the great influence you have here at court... ...to pull England back from the brink of catastrophe and ruin. For the love we all bear for Christ and his apostles. What apostles? I don't believe Christ had apostles, not even Saint Peter. Those men were all charlatans... ...who pretended to follow Christ and speak in his name. And they built a Church upon their lies. Mother of God. Your Honour, Your Honour, so grateful. Sir, this is Augustus de Augustinis. A private physician to Thomas Wolsey. Wolsey? What do you know about him? Sir, I know that Wolsey sought the help of the emperor and the p... The pope? - Yes, your honour... ...His Holiness the pope. Against His Majesty. - They communicated? - Yes, yes, yes. And who else? Wolsey conspired with Queen Catherine... ...because he said it was the only way that he could be... - Restored to power. - Yes. The king must know of this. Now you know the truth, you must act against him. He and his fellow priests and prelates... ...think they can control Your Majesty's realm. That they are higher than you. And by taking instruction from the pope... ...was not Wolsey acting as an agent of a foreign country? The presumption of the pope... ...thinking he could tell you, you, what to do. Wolsey, sir. In the name of the king. - Get up. - Get out of bed. - No, no. - He's done nothing. Thomas Wolsey, you are arrested by order of the king... ...and charged with high treason. You will be taken to London, where you will be tried. - There, there, Joan. - Guards. No tears. No tears for me, I beg you. Forgive me. For you have not much to remember me by. No. I have a life and everything in it to remember you by. Guards, shackle him. Well, well, Brandon. If I had served God as diligently as I served the king... ...he would not have given me up in my grey hairs. Move on. Joan. Joan. I regret to have to inform Your Majesty... ...that I can no longer continue to serve the emperor at this court. There is so much hatred here for everything that is sacred and true... ...that those who speak brazenly of it have driven me away. You are not to blame. You have always served me with wisdom and kindness. I will not forget it. Send my love to my nephew. I will inform His Highness of your plight... ...and of the malice and unkindness of His Majesty towards you. Yes, tell him. But this also, for the love I bear this country as well as him. He must not think to use force against His Majesty or his people. It would be a sin against my conscience and against God. Lord, we have not spoken as long or as often as we should. I have often been about other business. If I wanted forgiveness, I should ask for it... ...but for all that I have done... ...and for all that I am yet to do, there can be no forgiveness. And yet, I think, I'm not an evil man. Though evil men pray louder... ...and seek penance... ...and think themselves closer to heaven than I am. I shall not see its gates, Lord. Nor hear your sweet words of salvation. I have seen eternity, I swear... ...but it was in a dream, and in the morning all was gone. I know myself for what I am. And I throw my poor soul upon your forgiveness... ...in the full knowledge that I deserve none... ...at your loving hands. Welcome to hell. Mr. Cromwell. Majesty... Cardinal Wolsey is dead. I'm sorry to hear that. I wish he'd have lived. How did he die? Took his own life. No one must ever know. Do you understand? No one. Never. I'll finish my game, and we'll talk. Go. Go. Go. Sir Thomas, I have just heard. By His Majesty's order, 15 senior clergymen... ...have been arrested for recognising Wolsey's authority. There is also a statute before parliament... ...which recognizes in matters temporal and spiritual... ...the king is above the law and shall give account to God alone. What can be done? I am reminded of something Wolsey once told me. That I should only tell the king what he ought to do not what he could do. "For if the lion knows his own strength, no man could control him." We're standing on the edge of the abyss. God knows what shall become of us. I want you. - I'm gonna come.