- Everything that is good. - What is that? - Let me see it. - Ah! We have come so far. No one is going to be allowed to destroy us. Do you understand? In the question of legitimizing the Lady Mary, there remains one great obstacle. We must find a way around it. There are some rumors about the Queen's behavior. It seems, she entertains men in her room at night and behaves intimately with them. It's true that some men came into the Queen's chambers. - What are their names? - The King's groom, Brereton... - And Sir Henry Norris, and Mark Smeaton - And?! Well I saw her hugging and kissing her brother. You are both arrested for High Treason, and having... - ...carnal knowledge of her Majesty the Queen. - What? For the love of Elizabeth! Have mercy! You lied to me! You've always lied to me. You are not what you seem! This is the warrant for your arrest. You are charged with committing adultery. We are come at the King's command to conduct you to the Tower. She's humiliated me, Charles! I hate her! For such awful adultery, there should be only one punishment. The Queen was tried yesterday. She was sentenced to death either by burning or decapitation according to the King's pleasure. Most people think I've changed. At heart, I'm still a humanist. I promise you that I shall be remembered eternally. I have no doubt whatsoever that your Majesty's reign will always be remembered. The Tudors Season 2 -  Episode 10 I will give glory to thee O Lord: for you have saved me from injustice, from slanderous tongues and an unjust king. My soul shall praise thee even to the last to my death, for thou deliveries those that wait for thee. ENOUGH! Make way for Princess Elizabeth. Make way there. Make way for her Grace. - Master Kingston. - My Lady. My Lady, I can now tell you that the King has decreed that you will not be burned, but suffer a quicker death by decapitation. In his mercy, the King has also acceded to your plea to use the services of the Executioner of Calais, who is even now on his way here from Dover. - When am I to die? - At nine o'clock. I am content. Will you please send for Archbishop Cranmer, so he may hear my last confession and administer Holy Communion? My Lady. "To the Emperor. Nephew. "This day will bring you, I think, "news of great satisfaction. "Let us put all quarrels behind us. "And work for an accommodation that will increase the trade "and prosperity between us. "And unite us against that bastard, the King of France. "Above all, I love the prospect of change." Master Kingston, tell me, how is the Lady? Truthfully, in the early days of her captivity she often spoke rather wildly. For example, that it would not rain until she was released. But now, according to her almoner, preparations for death have increasingly occupied her thoughts, and so I believe she is reconciled to it. I am glad. Although... it grieves that I must cause her further pain. My Lady, I am obliged to tell you that your marriage to the King has been declared null and void. On what grounds? On the grounds of your close and forbidden degree of affinity to another woman known carnally by the King. My sister... - Then my daughter is...? - Yes. Elizabeth is to be declared a bastard. Madam, I swear to you I will do everything within my power to protect and support her, and keep her always in the King's good and kind graces. Thank you. And now, since my time approaches, I beg your Grace to hear my confession. Also, I should like the Constable present when I receive the good Lord. Madam. My child, do you have a confession? Yes. I confess my innocence before God. I solemnly swear, on the damnation of my soul, that I have never been unfaithful to my lord and husband, nor ever offended with my body against him. I do not say that I have always borne towards him the humility which I owed him, considering his kindness and the great honor he showed me and the great respect he always paid me. I admit, too, that I have often taken it into my head to be jealous of him. But God knows, and is my witness, I have not sinned against him in any other way. Think not I say this in the hope to prolong my life. God has taught me how to die, and He will strengthen my faith. As for my brother... ...and those others who were unjustly condemned, I would willingly have suffered many deaths to deliver them, but since I see it pleases the King, I will willingly accompany them in death. With this assurance: that I shall lead an endless life with them in peace. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Master Kingston. Please go and make sure to report my Lady's true and last confession, so the world will know it. I will. Mr. Cranmer, I do not suppose that, even at this last hour, the evangelical bishops that we put in place might intervene for me? Your Majesty, I... No, I understand. How could they? Forgive me. Gaudeamus omnes in Domino, per omnia saecula saeculorum. Amen.</i> Is it done? Is the harlot dead? I don't know. But, certainly, she will be dead before very long. The Lord is good. Tell me: why is she really to die? They say that her child, Elizabeth, was not conceived with the King at all, but with one of her countless lovers. How many lovers was she supposed to have? According to Mr. Cromwell, over a hundred men, including her brother, Rochford. But I'm told she also blames me for what has befallen her, and holds me accountable for her doom. Naturally I am flattered by the compliment, since she would have thrown me to the dogs if she could. Tell me about this other Lady, this Jane Seymour? I have been told in confidence that she is of our faith, and that the King loves her, and means to marry her. And that she means to restore your grace to the succession. And Elizabeth will become a bastard now? - As I have been a bastard? - Yes, Princess. The brat is now officially a bastard. Tell them to ready the horses. - But tell no one of our destination. - Yes, Majesty. To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under heaven. A time to be born, and a time to die. A time to plant and a time to pluck up that which is planted. A time to weep, and a time to laugh. A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together. A time to mourn, and a time to dance. That which hath been is now. And that which is to be has already been... A time to get, and a time to lose. A time to keep, and a time to cast away. A time to rend, and a time to sew. A time to keep silence, and a time to speak. I said in my heart, God shall judge the righteous and the wicked, for there is a time for every purpose under the sun. Am I to go now? I thought... My Lady, forgive me... The executioner has been delayed on the road from Dover and your execution is postponed until twelve o'clock. I wanted to tell you, in good time, in case... Master Kingston. I hear you say I will not die before noon, and I'm sorry for it, for I thought to be dead by that time, and past my pain. Madam, there will be no pain. The blow will be so subtle. Yes, I heard the executioner was very good. And in any case, I have only a little neck. - Edward! - Ah! - Ha! - Ah! Father? Sir? - HA! - Ah! My God. Edward, this is not a toy. Yes, sir. So, have you ever killed someone? Yes. In battle. What did it feel like? He was my enemy. I didn't care. I would really like to see someone die. Can I go to the execution with you? How much did they charge for the scaffold? Twenty- three pounds, six shillings and eight pence, Mr. Secretary. Daylight robbery. And what is the Headsman to be paid, if he ever arrives? Fifteen pounds. Fifteen pounds? For one stroke? My God, he makes a damn good living! Allons, vas- y. Allons- y. On y va. Viens! -  Well, is it done? - Uh... Is it? No, your Majesty. Uh... Unfortunately, we must postpone the execution again. - What? - The Executioner was delayed. Then you fetch somebody else! Do you hear? Fetch back the axman who did the others! He was good enough wasn't he? He didn't botch the thing. Your Majesty made a promise. Why should I care about my promises to that whore?! Your Majesty's promise is public knowledge. That is all... I still don't care! I ordered you to get someone else! I want her dead! I want it over with! Finished! Go and do it or by God's blood you will join her! I said! Postpone it! Majesty. Let's go. Master Kingston, I am ready. My Lady, you must forgive me once again. But the Executioner is still not arrived. What do you say? Madam, your execution is put off until nine o'clock tomorrow morning. No... No. It cannot be. It is not that I desire death, but I... I thought myself prepared to die... I was prepared. I fear... I fear that of further delay it may weaken my resolve. Please... If it... If it were possible... No, Madam. It is the King's express command. No! Wait! Perhaps I'm not meant to die. These postponements they mean something. Perhaps the King is testing me. I'll be sent to a nunnery. Hiya! Whou! I am sure you are aware, Sir John, that my marriage has been declared null and void. I have been made aware of the circumstances, your Majesty. And, like everyone else, I have been shocked and utterly amazed by what I've heard. I am grateful. But I must tell you... The Privy Council, despite these recent hurts, have pleaded with me to venture once more into matrimony, in the hope that my bride will produce a legitimate heir. I think you know my choice has fallen upon your daughter. I do. Tomorrow you will all travel by barge to Hampton Court, where our betrothal will be announced. I swear to you, Sir John, from tomorrow, everything will be different. We will be young and merry as we used to be. - Lady Jane. - Your Majesty. Lady Jane! I won't wear it! You can't make me! No! No! I'm not going! Lady Elizabeth, you must do as you are told! Now hush! Or I will hit you. Don't look like that, girl! We are ordered to remove the child so she can be kept out of sight of the King. - Little Princess. - She is no longer a Princess. She is a bastard. And Master Cromwell has asked for her accounts to be settled. Also in respect of necessities provided for her mother in the Tower. You mean, the child should pay for her mother's imprisonment? Yes. Out of the money the King pays for her household. Exactly. The world is a slippery place, my Lady. If you would take my advice, for what it's worth, find a rich man to marry who is too stupid to know anything about politics. Then, perhaps, unless you die in childbirth, which is likely, or the plague, which is almost inevitable... then you will be happy. What would you like to talk about, sweetheart? If your Majesty would allow, I should like to talk about your daughter Mary. When I am Queen I would hope to see her reinstated as heir apparent. Jane, you're a fool to hope so. You ought to solicit the advancement of the children we're going to have, not any others. But, Your Majesty, I thought I was asking not so much for the good of others, as for the good, of the repose and tranquility of yourself, as well as the children we may have ourselves. And for the tranquility of your Majesty's kingdom. Forgive me. It's just that I so much want a new beginning. A renaissance. Sometimes it is hard to be reminded of things. Do you understand? You are so pure. I just don't want you to be affected by things that have gone before. May I kiss you, Jane? Aren't you the King of England? Everything will change for her. That kiss is her destiny, and her fortune. And ours. You know, when I was a girl, I served at the court of Margaret of Austria. It was a wonderful time. Pageants and dances. So many dances. I once appeared as the Queen of the Amazons, with a naked sword in my hand, and a crimson headdress with a great plume! But Margaret was wise, too. She said to us: "Trust in those who offer you service, "and in the end, my maidens, "you will find yourself in the ranks of those who have been deceived." Am I... Am I to be tried? No. You are to be released. But, his Majesty commands, that since you no longer enjoy his trust or affection, you are to be stripped forthwith of all your official posts and titles. You will no longer serve on the Privy Council, you will relinquish the role of Lord Privy Seal, and all its privileges. His Majesty also desires that you leave court. And that you never show yourself in his presence again On pain of death. So I am to keep my earldom? Did you watch your son die? What about your daughter? Will you watch her suffer? Will you watch her die? Tell me, Boleyn: was it all worth it? Halt! Do see this? Do you know what this is? It's the Fountain of Youth. Look! I am re- born! This way, Monsieur. I deeply regret you were delayed. May I see it? Si vous voulez, Monsieur. It's beautiful, no? The execution is ordered for nine o'clock. You will be awoken two hours before, in order for you to have breakfast. - So, if that is all? - No, Monsieur. I must say a few words. The lady must not to be restrained in any way. But, it is very important that the lady doesn't look back like this for the fear of the sword. Alors first, I hide the sword so she cannot see it. It is totally normal they want to look around and see where your death come from. No? Ha! Ha! So, when she has finished her prayers, and is ready to go... I say, to boy in front of her, "Fetch my sword". Of course the lady looks at man. And this is just the perfect angle for me. When she looks at man. Then I strike. Then, "Chuck!" You understand? I think so, yes. Oh, it's very quick. She feel no pain. Monsieur? You will be not disappointed. I'm sure. Thou knowest whether I deserve this death. Not my will O Lord, but thine be done. I will give glory to thy name, for thou art my help and my protection. Thou hast protected me and preserved me... Anne! Anne! Anne! He'll get you! Madam, the hour approaches, you must make ready. Acquit yourself of your charge, for I have been long prepared. The King asks that you take this purse. It has twenty pounds in it, to pay the headsman for his services and distribute alms to the poor. Thank you. Will you and your ladies follow me. Master Kingston, I pray you not to give the signal for my death until I have spoken what I have the mind to speak. Madam. Good Christian people, I have come here to die, according to the law, and thus yield myself to the will of the King, my lord. Long live the King! And if, in my life, I ever did offend the King's Grace, then surely with my death I do now atone... I pray and beseech you all, to pray for the life of the King. God save the King! My sovereign lord and yours, who is one of the best princes on the face of the earth, who has always treated me so well, wherefore I submit to death with a good will, humbly asking pardon of all the world. If anyone should take up my case, I ask them only to judge it kindly. Thank you... Thank you. Madame, forgive me for what I must do. Gladly. And here is your purse. Thus I take my leave of the world... - ...and of you. - Bless you... And I heartily desire you all to pray for me. Lord have mercy on you. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not be in want. He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside quiet waters... Jesus, receive my soul. O Lord God, have pity on my soul. To Christ I commend my soul. Jesus Christ receive my soul! O Lord God have pity on my soul. Jesus receive my soul. O God have pity on my soul, Jesus Christ. O Lord God have pity on my soul. Jesus Christ receive my soul. Thank you. Christ receive my soul. Jesus Christ receive my soul. O Lord God have pity on my soul. To Christ I commend myself. Jesus receive my soul. O Lord God have pity on my soul. To Christ I commend myself. To Christ I commend myself. Boy! Fetch my sword! Make way for the King's household. Make way. Make way for the