at the martyrdom of Sir Thomas More and Cardinal Fisher. - How is my mother? - Alas, she is very unwell. She is sinking, but always begs the King of his mercy to - be allowed to see you. - I am sure he will one day relent. I believe that he still loves and cares for me. I am unable to give a King a son. So long as Mary is alive, she could be Queen. Your daughter will be made heir of the throne. But the King can change his mind. If Elizabeth was betrothed to King Francis' son, then her legitimacy would no longer be questioned by anyone. I still do not blame the King. He's been seduced by witchcraft. That is why she must die. Your sister is a very beautiful woman. Not as beautiful as her brother. I came on behalf of My Lady. If you still have feelings for me, you would speak out for her. I'm sorry. How is your survey of the religious houses progressing? They have found the monks and many places so depraved and so corrupt that your commissioners already despair of any perfect reformation. In Nuremberg, clergy are allowed to marry. It won't do his career much good here. Being illegal. I regret now what happened to More. A certain person would privately urge me on to his destruction. You know who she is, Charles. His Majesty consent to the betrothal of the Dauphin ... to Lady Mary. - Francis won't accept the betrothal. - Why? Because the Pope and he and the Emperor all agree she is a bastard! And you are not my wife! This is all I know of Mary that she is my death ... and I am hers. [ www.seriessub.com ] present: THE TUDORS Season 2 - Episode 7 Transcript: yyets.net Synchro VO:dmbmh [www.seriessub.com ] Your Majesty. - Gentlemen. - Your Majesty. What's this? "The Valor Ecclesiasticus." the results of the Commissioner's investigations into the wealth and practices of all the religious houses in Your Majesty's kingdom. It lists the treasures, the wealth and the vast private lands of the monasteries, priories and other religious establishments. It as well lists the innumerable cases of laxity, corruption, evil practice and fraud which have flourished, unchecked, and in some cases for hundreds of years, in these same institutions. Meanwhile, Majesty, your own treasury is much depleted. Is it not a thing to marvel at, the richness of those who ought by right to be your subjects, and the poverty and debt of the English Crown? It is, indeed. George. - Sir Henry. - Your Majesty. I came again to pay court to Lady Sheldon, with the King's permission. - Yes. Yes, of course. - I... I also wanted an opportunity to express my love and devotion to Your Majesty. As a reformer myself, I know all the good works you do, without ever seeking any praise, but always deserving it. When I visit religious houses, I do so to urge those inside to cleanse and purify their corrupt lives and doctrine, or else they will surely be destroyed. Yes... Yes, it's true. We evangelicals must breathe new life into dead bones and encourage the ignorant to believe in priority of faith and the word of God. I see we understand each other, Sir Henry. Lady Sheldon... Sir Henry Norris has come courting. My Lord. Madam. - You wanted to see me? - Yes. I had the dream again. - Anne. - I told you. - I am her death and she is mine. - For God's sake. So long as they are both alive, I can't be safe. Why doesn't Katherine just die? - Everyone keeps telling how ill she is. - Stop it. I had a thought. The next time Henry goes abroad, I shall be left as Regent. I can just order their deaths. You're crazy. Stop it. Stop it! Listen to me. You're the Queen of England. For the love of God, act like it. After all, you were a Lady to Queen Katherine. You saw and heard how she behaved. It seemed to me she never betrayed her real feelings. Can you not be more like her? - More like Katherine? - Yes. You heard me. At least seem happy. Not a heap of misery! Father Abbot... What is it, brother John. A letter from the King. We are to be suppressed. By the orders of Mr. Cromwell. I don't understand. Give me the letter. What have we done, Father? I don't know. What is to become of us? Will you ask the French Ambassador again if Francis will not relent and agree... to the marriage of Elizabeth to his son? - I might. - Don't you think it's important? Don't you think the future of your daughter is important? - Of course, I do. - Well then... Surely you understand that Francis' refusal to agree to the marriage in the first place was insulting. - Do you want me to go back and beg? - No. Of course not. Sweetheart... it's been tasted. It's not poisonous. The fact of the matter is it might be better for us to pursue an alliance with the Emperor. - That would suit Katherine. - It has nothing to do with Katherine. It has to do with England. And England's interests. After all, I am supposed to be concerned with that. I'm sorry. Forgive me. You have no reason to be. You care for our daughter, as you should. But leave the greater things to my care. Do you understand? What a pleasure to have you and your lovely wife to serve. So tell me, you're suppressing some religious houses? I am starting to, yes. And what else? I am intending to abolish almost all the holidays that fall during the law terms and during the harvest. These forced holidays, they damage the country's economy, stop vital works, and in fact they also impoverish workers. And the priests? As far as the clergy are concerned we mean to issue a set of injunctions requiring them to preach the Supremacy. There will also be an injunction requiring parents and employers to teach their children and servants the Lord's Prayer, Creed and the Ten Commandments in English rather than in Latin. And all clerics will be put on notice to attack the superstitious cult surrounding images and relics. It will more profit their souls to bestow upon the poor and the needy what they currently waste on relics. That's very good, gentlemen. But allow me to chide you. I don't think that you're going far enough, or fast enough. Your wife is, quite radical, Thomas. She is. And illegal. Two reasons to hide her. Being carried around in a box does not make you laugh. My dear, I am sorry about that. I am not your dear. I am nobody's dear. I am a woman and I demand equal respect for my ideas. For me, the practices of the Catholic church are evil. The way people are kept in total ignorance and made to feel guilty about their own bodies and their own thoughts. And even worse, the idea that the rich can buy a plot in heaven for their souls. I agree with you. The Catholic Church is corrupted. It's irredeemable. Then you should smash and destroy it utterly and totally and without pity. That is my advice to you, Mr. Cromwell. Now you can put me back in my box. Good evening, your Grace. Good evening, Mr. Secretary. - Ready. - Giddy up! Why are you here, Thomas? To see the degradation that we have been forced to? No. I don't like to see it. I wonder why you stay. Why don't you come back to court? I love the Queen. Nothing in this world will make me leave her. I am a Catholic. I believe in my faith. Perhaps you poets don't believe in anything? In love, perhaps. You may kiss me. Then you will leave me alone. Forever. Elizabeth. Sir? Ah, forgive me. I should have warned you of my impending visit. - Who are you? - My name is John Leland. I am His Majesty's librarian. You keep a library in the priory, I believe? We do, indeed, Mr. Leland. It contains many fine and old manuscripts and texts. We are very proud of it. The King has commissioned me to peruse and diligently search all the libraries belonging to those religious houses about to be suppressed. He is anxious to preserve all their literary treasures. You mean you intend to remove them from here? Naturally. They will be housed in the Royal Libraries. But... His Majesty has also ordered me to find texts that would emphasize the Royal Supremacy and the New Monarchy. I do not think, Mr. Leland, that you will find many such texts here. Your Majesty? Elizabeth... Oh, my own heart. Ma... mama. Hello. You may leave us now, Lady Bryan. My dear girl... My sweetheart. Why do you leave? - Have you missed me? - Yes. You missed me? I missed you. So much. Here... And here... I see one. I see a little fishie. Where do you see  fishies, my darling? - Have you talked to the Queen recently? - Yes. She's giving me cause for concern. The King is not so much in love with her as he used to be. - What's wrong with her? - I don't know. Perhaps she's afraid. Poor George. Have you gone softheaded? - Me? No. - I hope not. You see, George, the stakes are too high. Whoever is a coward now will soon rue the day, and regret his misfortune. Successful people only recognize fear in others. Go and talk to your sister again! - Better? - Much, thank you. Ladies. Is this not better, George? Much better. - Will you dance, My Lord? - No. Not now. My Lord. All this time and you're still in love with her. You're wrong, My Lord. My love was sprung and spent a long time ago. Your Majesty. Mark. Play a volta. I want to conceive again. I want to conceive a son. A son to be the living image of his father. But I can't. Why? As long as they're alive, I can't conceive a son. What are you saying? Katherine and her daughter. Are you saying you want me to kill them? Mary... Is it you? Elizabeth. Madam. I have not seen my daughter for more than four years. Is it not cruel of them to keep her from me? Gentle Madam, yes. It burns my heart. Read the Curia's Judgment to me again. Please. "We pronounce that the marriage between Henry VIII "and Katherine of Aragon "stands firm and canonical, "and their issue still stands lawful and legitimate." You see? This is the eternal truth... which no man can ever deny. Holy Father, Eminences, The next item for our deliberation... Alessandro! Let me look at you. Well, well, well, how you've grown. You're almost a man. - Are you honest and clean? - <i>Si</i>, grandfather. When you pray to God are you truly humble? Sure. Good boy. Off you go. He'll make a fine Cardinal. Don't you think? Monsignors, we have other business to discuss. First, I have invited the sculptor Michelangelo to paint a Last Judgment in the Sistine Chapel. Holy Father, there are still people who object to his work on the ceiling. I know. I did myself. But now I like it. Won't the Judgment be expensive? No. We won't pay him very much. He's only an artist, after all. What of the King of England's Great Matter? I will tell you a story. Once, when I was a boy, I went swimming, and the tide carried me away, far from the shore, into the deepest water. It was then I prayed aloud to God, and a friendly wave came and pushed me back to the shore. So it is with the King of England. He has been carried far from the shore but he does not know it. He does not ask for God's help. He does not ask for our help. He thinks he can swim alone. But very soon he will realize he is not swimming but drowning. Come on! Come on, hurry! Why are you crying like a baby? These are nothing but idols. Come on! Come on, goats! Father, who are these men? Bretons. From France. - Huguenots. - Protestants? Perhaps Mr. Secretary Cromwell felt that he couldn't trust Englishmen to destroy their own heritage and besmirch their own faith. The Queen! Your Majesty... Excuse me. Your Majesty. I came to see the King. Madam, His Majesty left early this morning to go hunting with the Duke of Suffolk... and other nobles. Suffolk? Yes, Madam. I remember now. He told me. Your Majesty... A good kill. Do you want to get back to the palace? No. Is there somewhere around here we can stay? There's Wulfhall. Wulfhall... Who owns that house? Sir John Seymour and his family. I remember Sir John. He was in France with us. Let's go surprise him. Sir John... Who is this shouting? Sir John, you have an unexpected guest. - Your Majesty! - Sir John. You are most welcome. Your Majesty must forgive the tardiness of my kitchen. I think I am very well looked after, Sir John. The Duke and I were reminiscing about the French campaign. Ah, yes! It was a shame we only fought one battle against them. Ah, but what a battle. I remember how we charged at them, with His Grace leading the vanguard with tremendous bravery. And how the French were broken and routed in the charge - and fled the field before us. - All we saw were their spurs. I must tell Your Majesty that the Milanese Ambassador was amazed by you. He said to me, "The King was fresher after his exertion than before. I do not know how he can stand it." To past victories. To John. Mary? Oh, Mary. My daughter... Oh, sweetheart. Is it you? Don't weep. Don't weep. Let me look at you. There you are. I have not seen you for so long. An eternity. And here you are. Oh, my sweet child. My beloved child, my angel, my world... Mary... Mi preciosa. She was here. She came to me. Yes, Madam. I know. Let me summon a doctor for you. No. I don't want a doctor. I have wholly committed myself to the pleasure of God. May the omnipotent God... have mercy upon you and forgive you your sins, and may Jesus Christ lead you to eternal life. Oh, Mark. I'm so sad. Why sad? If I had a son... if I had a son, it would bring about a golden world. I had never seen a sea of mud like that before. - I didn't know what to think of it. - When your horse sank up to its hind quarters in it, I shall never forget your face. What was I supposed to do? I was in full armor. Your Majesty, may I present my daughter, Lady Jane Seymour. Jane. Your Majesty. Mr. Secretary Cromwell is here. Madam. You wished to see me? My father tells me you are determined to close every religious house in England. Is it true? Yes. As Your Majesty knows, the church commissioners found that fraud, laxity and abuse were commonplace. Yet some religious houses received good report. Is that not also true? I also hear that all the wealth and assets of the monasteries are to be transferred to the King's Treasury. Indeed. I intend to make the King the most powerful and the richest King in Europe. But surely some of that wealth could be put to better uses. - Better uses, Madam? - Yes. For endowments to charitable and educational causes, which even Wolsey did. Madam, I am surprised to hear you question the King's policy, which your father and brother whole-heartedly support. I question the policy, Mr. Secretary, because I am not convinced - that it is the King's. - Madam, I... You are far too high-handed, Mr. Cromwell! You ought to be careful, or I will have you cropped at the neck. I know that I must die. I ask that my debts be cleared and my servants be recompensed for the good service they have done for me. I wish to be buried in the convent of the Observant Friars. And I would wish that 500 masses be said for my soul... and that someone would visit the Shrine of our Lady of Walsingham to pray on my behalf. To my daughter, Mary. I leave... my collar of gold I brought from Spain, and my furs. Madam, let me help you. Thank you, my loyal and loving Elizabeth. I must write to the King. "My Lord "and dear husband. "I commend me unto you. "The hour of my death draws fast on, "and my case being such... "the tender love I owe you "forces me to put you in remembrance "of the health "and safeguard of your soul... "which you ought to prefer "above all considerations "of the world of flesh whatsoever, "for which you have cast me into many miseries, "and yourself into many cares. "For my part... "I do pardon you all, "Yea, "and I do wish "and pray dearly God "He will pardon you also. "For the rest, "I commend unto you "our daughter, Mary. "Beseeching you to be a good father unto her "as I have always desired. "And lastly... "I vow "that mine eyes desire you above all things." Elizabeth, help me. In manus tuas commendo spiritum meum. Madam... What is it, Nan? Now I am indeed Queen. Elizabeth? Oh, Jesus... - This is my wife, Catherine. - Sir John. Here comes Her Majesty now. My Lady. Your Majesties. Go watch the cockfight, sweetheart. My Lady. Not performing today, Mark? No, not today, My Lord. But perhaps later tonight? I'm not sure. Have you told her about me? Hm? About us? Why the hell not? You're George Boleyn. You're like a bloody god around here. If you could read Greek, Master Smeaton, you'd know that even the gods had problems with their wives. Sir John. Your Majesty. We wanted to thank you once more for your generous hospitality. All the more so because our visit was so unexpected. Sire, it was the greatest possible privilege and pleasure. And the room Your Majesty slept in shall forever be known as "The King's bedroom." Your daughter Jane should come to court. As lady to Her Majesty. Thank you, Your Majesty. You do our family a great honor. Sweetheart. Come here. Papa... My Elizabeth. Guards, guards! Protect me! Now, men. En garde! You're going to protect me! Protect your King! - My mama. - Elizabeth. My papa. My Elizabeth. Anne. Yes, father. I have heard some reports that alarm me. What reports? It seems you have quarreled with Mr. Cromwell. We disagreed on an important and public issue. Anne, I did not bring you up to have opinions or to express them or to quarrel with those closest to the Crown. But I am closest to the Crown. I am the King's wife. And you should remember how you got there! I know how I got there. And it was not all you. It was not all you or Norfolk or George or any other man you want to name. It was also me. He fell in love with me. He respected me... and my opinions. What is it? You have no need to worry. There is good news all round. Katherine is dead... and I... I am pregnant. Do you understand? I am carrying the King's son. We are on the edge of a golden world.