??? - Jane. - Your majesty. We are come here together Before god and these witnesses To join in holy matrimony henry viii, King of england and france, Defender of the faith, Supreme head of the church of england, And the lady jane seymour. And if there be any among you Who may imagine some impediments As to why they should not be married, Let them now speak out, Or forever hold their tongue. Thank you for my gift, it's so very beautiful. I soon trust to thank you for mine. Shall we join in the dance. Music. - I feel guilty. - Why. Because sometimes i forget about how beautiful you are. I think she'll make him happy. God's help, we'll all be happy now. I don't recognize you, my lady. - Are you new at court? - Yes, sir. I am to be a maid to her majesty. What's your name? Lady ursula misseldon. You know who i am? You're sir francis bryan. I've heard about you. What have you heard? You like to board other man's boats. I trust that i shall be seeing A lot more of you, lady misseldon. Since both the king's daughters Have been declared illegimate and unfit to rule, We must trust the queen to conceive a child quickly. I still fear, with anne's death, We've lost a great friend and a powerful supporter. If the new queen favors the catholic religion, As she is rumored to do, Then our whole reformation is surely in jeopardy. What a suprise, You have such little faith in the king. Unless we press ahead the dissalution of those brothels And slaughter whores of the conscience. The monasteries. In nomine patris, - et filii,et spiritus sancti. Amen - Almighty and everlasting god give onto us the increase of faith - Hope and charity.??? - and that we may obtain that which thou dost promise, Make us to love that which thou dost command Through jesus christ, our lord. Amen. Madam, if i may, I have a wedding gift for your majesty. It once belonged to queen katherine. Thank you. His majesty, the king. Wife. Husband. I don't think we need to proceed in public. Not this time. - Majesty. - Majesty. Yorkshire Northern England Make way! Sawley Abbey Make way, the king's commissioners. - Be assure everything is accounted for. - Yes, dr. Frankish. Dr. Frankish, here's a wealthy madonna. Here is a fine one. Coat of silk, ton of jewels, wealth property. Well, lady, Are you stripped now? Mr. Aske. Look what they've done, john. Just look. It's all cromwell's doing. Cromwell and that sect of heretics in london, That bustard. I'll tell you this mr. Aske, people, They're no longer willing to stand by, And watch their faith, And everything that they care for, Being stripped away. I heard just yesterday, That two of cromwell's commisioners were attacked In lincolnshire. And here in yorkshire, And a man of the commons Stood up in his own church And said go away to follow the crosses. For what they've taken from us, We can follow them no more. What am i supposed to do, john? The commons here, in lincolnshire, everywhere. They're prepared to fight, To save what they love. But they need captains, They need clever, educated man to lead them. - I'm no leader, john. - Don't decide now. We'll call a meeting, Then decide. For the love of god. Take a look at that. Our commisioners found it in sawly abbey. How was it done? See it yourself. People thought the saint's bones were alive Use it work for benedictions. If they pay a little money they had to the church and to rome. How do our reforms progress? As you know, my lord. Parliament has now voted for the suppression Of all the small monastery houses And the commisioners are upon and about their businesses In nearly every county in england... much opposition? Not as much as we might have expected. Why should we have expected it? People conceive for themselves That all these houses should be condemned For their manifest sin: carnal and abundable living. I was told, one anecdote among many. When our commisioners entered the london houses of the crossed friars They found the prayer himself, in babel disorder. Both stunned and naked. They often bribes to go away. It is true that ordinary people are so greedy Upon these houses when they are suppressed. They scavenge in the night and day untill nothing is left. They even take the books, to use for paper in their houses of easement. How about the gains of king's treasure? So far, by my reckoning,We have already doubled the king's income And taken in possesion of the monastic lands Worth many millions of pounds. Millions? Yes, mr. Secretary. Sir edward seymour. Sir edward, As the brother of his majesty's beloved wife, jane, It is his majesty's pleasure today to creat you Viscount beauchamp of hache in somerset, Also to appoint you a governor of jersy And chancellor of north wales. Your majesty, i'm deeply honoured. And i assure your majesty that i would labor Unremittingly in your majesty's interest, In the hope of repaying the great trust you've shown in me. My lord, here are your letters patent. May i congratulate you on your elevation. Mr. Secratary. Thomas, what are the businesses there? Your majesty has received a letter from the emperor, Congratulating your new marriage. Since he's no further impediment, He's very anxious to become a new accommodation. Good. What else? The lady mary has also written to you, majesty. What does she want? She writes, that it is time now to forget the unhappy past, She begs to be taken by your majesty's forgiveness And humbly beseeches you to remember That i am a humbled woman and your child. I'll never take her back. Not until she first submit herself to me The subject of his mother's marriage and surprint. You'll send the delegation If she trully wants to forget the unhappy past, Then she can stop by signing it. - Majesty. - Groom. Ah, sir francis. I have some good news for you. His majesty has agreed to your appointment As a gentleman of the privy chamber. I'm sure i know. Thanks for that. I may have a small job for you, soon. - Excellency. - Your majesty. Come with me. There's someone i wish to present you to. Queen jane. Allow me to introduce his excellency eustace chapuys, Ambassador to the emperor charles v, spain. Excellency. I leave you to talk in private. Your majesty, may i congratulate on your marriage. Wish you good health and prosperity. Although the device of the lady who proceeded you On the throne was the most happy. I have no doubt that it is you, yourself who will realise that mortal. Thank you, excellency. I know that the emperor will rejoice of Such a virtual ascent and amiable queen on the throne. I must tell you it would be impossible for me to overstate the joy And happiness which each englsih men that i have met Have expressed to me on hearing of your marriage. Especially, as it is said, that you're a peace-Maker who'll be continually Trying to persuade his majesty to restore his daughter mary to favor. I promise you, excellency. That i would continue to show favor to the lady mary. And do my best to deserve the title of peace-Maker You so gallantly have given me. If you do so, i think you'll find madam that Without the pain of labour, and childbirth, You'll gain a treasure of the daughter Who may please you even more Than your own children by the king. I can only say again, excellency. That i will do my best to restore the peace Between the king and his eldest daughter. - Ambassordor. - Madam. Madam. You're the first ambassordor she's received. She is not yet used to see such audiences. But it is true what they say. She is kind and amiable, And much inclined towards peace. I swear, for example, She would strive to prevent me taking part in a foreign war. If only to avoid the fear and pain of separation. If you are on war, your majesty, against whom? I was talking hypothetically. Surely you'll do that youself, your excellency. Thanks for coming. Thank you. Friends! Friends. We've come here, so you can listen to and talk to This good man, mr. Robert aske. Now some of you have already known him, He is the duke of northampton's legal man. He's always been honest and fair minded In these dealings with the commons so... mr. Aske can speak for himself. - Ladies and(evening???) gentlmen. - evening. Now, tell me what is your want. Mr aske, all of our faith days were abolished and gone. Should it pleased the king's grace that we might have our holy days back. We want our abbeyes restored. And demand that this advance of heresy be halted. We want this new heretic bishop like cranmer be casted off. Even cromwell to besurplanted by man of noble birth. We hear rumors, mr. Aske, that new taxes levy's against us On our cattle, and our christenings On our marriages, and our births. Aske,they even destroy our perish churches and steal our treasures. All right, gentlemen. All right, gentlemen. What do you reckon you can do to stop them. Mr. Aske, before our lands, our good to their houses Are taken from by the church commissioners. We'll fight. And we'll die, die after full ultimate, mr. Aske. I know you are angry. The destruction of the abbeys is a terrible and criminal thing. Since that represents by that very presence and exotic ideal to of all of us. But gentlemen, this call to arms, to rebellion against the king's grace Is something which are my conscience i cannot agree to. Since the king is our body and soul. Then an attack upon him is an attack upon the commonwealth and upon god himself. Did you hear that, my mates The gentry doesn't care for us. Christ die for the poor. Do you remember that, mr. Aske? Lady misseldon, your majesty. Lady misseldon. Your majesty. Do your duties honournably and virtuesly? And remember, you are all bound to serve and obey. Lady rochford. Your majesty. Please. I ask to see you. I know that the things have not gone well for you since your husband was executed. I have been utterly abandoned. I feel i was condemed because of what george did. Even mr cromwell has refused to answer my letters. Nothing was your fault. George bolyen was his own keeper. I want you to come back to court. And i'd like to appoint you my principal lady in waiting. I hope you'll accept this position. Thank you, your majesty. Well then, lady rochford. All is well again. All is mended up. HUNSDOND HOUSE HERTFORDSHIRE Sir francis bryan, my lady. - Lady mary. - my lord. I'm very glad you've come to see me. I've written a letter congratulating the king on his marriage. And begging leave to wait upon queen jane. Or do her grace such services would please her to command me. I'm afraid, lady mary. I've not come here to discuss pleasentaries. His majesty urged you to sign this. What is it? A list of articles. Recognising the king as head of the church, And your mother's marriage just incestuous and unlawful. You must also renounce rome and free acknowledged of your illegitamacy. If you not sign, i'm afraid mr secretary cromwell can not guarantee your safety. However much i love my father, your grace. And would do anything to please and satisfy him, i still cannot risk my mortal soul for the favor of an unearthly king. You're an unfitlial daughter. Since you're not submit to your father. He may yet procceed against you for treason. No, no he would not. I cannot believe it. Listen to me. I tell you If you're my daugher, I would smash your head against the wall, until it is soft as a boiled apple. Do you understand? Lady mary. I've been discussing plans for your coronation with mr. Holbein. Have you ever heard of the centre of Venice? No, your majesty. It's a ship. In which the doge travels out Into the lagoon every year to renew its marriage while the sea. It's a magnificant thing. The dawn will gold and bronze, statues, meptune, sea lions and other fantastic sea creatures... and i'm going to build it. And you're going go travel in it, from greenwich to the city, Where you'll be crowned, queen jane of england. Your majesty, i... i don't know what to say. You don't have to say anything. It will be the most fabulous coronation Any english queen has ever had That i promise you. Your majesty. Forgive me. But i've heard your majesty Make some proceedings against the lady mary. With all my heart i beg you not to. Are you out of your senses? Don't talk of such matters again. Jane, I have another wedding gift for you. I hope you like it. Thank you your majesty. Oh i love him, he's so pretty. Lady misseldon. Sir francis. I hope i didn't alarm you. No sir. You left me a note that you wanted to see me? Yes, i did. About what. I was wondering If you'd like to become my mistress. Sir, i'm already engage to be married. To whom? Sir robert tavistock. Can he afford to buy you gifts- like this? I didn't think so. But if it's more important to you to keep your virgin then keep it for what it's worth. And i swear i wouldn't bother you or your conscience ever again. I haven't decided yet. How can i renounce rome? Or my mother's marriage. After all of my mother's sufferings. I understand. But may i suggest that you could sign the document. And then make what is called a protestation apart. That is secretly foresware your submission before witnesses. Is that not hypocrisy? Surely the emperor's against my signing such a document. And the holy father. Lady mary, I must tell you in honesty that- that the emperor's no longer inclined to Interfere any further in this matter. After all, you are not his subject and- and since he is seeking a new alliance with the king, He would in truth be most reluctant to offend him in any way. Then, i'm on my own? What if i do not sign it? It is very possible that the king would put you to death. Well, - Do you...do you not want to read it first? - No. Only i ask if you can pray for absolution for what i've done. So long as i live, I will never forgive myself. CASTLE GANDOLPHO POPE'S SUMMER RESODEMCE. ITALY Father pole. Yes your eminence. I'm cardinal von waldburg. How long have you been as the servant adhere in rome, father pole? Almost a year your eminence. I left england when to became clear that the king meant to break his obedience to see of roman, our holy father. The death of whore anne boleyn is perhaps providential. And his holiness prays that king henry would grasp this divine opportunity for reconciliation. Just one gesture, Of he sounds to see of rome, however small, Will allow him to leave the threat of excommunication. Your eminence believe me, That is something that the faithful of england are praying for. My mother, lady salisbury has written to me, expressing her hope that the new queen is in her heart a true catholic. Perhaps your mother could do more than hope. And perhaps you yourself father pole might've considering returning to england. In order to influence events there. You see, father pole, I know who you really are. Here is the real danae She would kindle your lust even higher. One touch, one mere touch of her body, And your limbs will melt in the fire. The necklace suits you, And you're adored. YORKSHIRE In nomine patris, et filii, et spiritus sancti. Amen. Ave maria, gratia plena, dominus tecum. Your majesty has received a letter from lady bryan, Governors to the lady elizabeth. Apparently the child has outgrown her clothes. Lady bryan asks if your majesty would permit Her to purchase new ones. Why should i- i don't believe she is my child. The whole world knows their father's a traitor henry norris and their mother was a whore. What else? There's letters, the submission of the lady mary. You will make arrangements for myself and the queen to meet with her. Not here and not publicly. We will go to her residence. There're rumors of plague in the city. Coronation would have to be postponed. Your majesty. Thomas. Mr.Richard showed me the figures. I'm very pleased with you tom. I will shortly prove it. Lady rochford. Yes, your majesty. Take this to lady bryan, Tell her to use it buy clothes for the lady elisabeth. Yes, madam. And you must think of a gift for the lady mary. I'm looking so forward to meeting her. Your majesty is very kind. Lady rochford, it's not your fault that your husband betrayed you. Nor is it mary's fault or elizabeth's fault to be born of a king. Women are much put upon in this world. It's my desire as much as i can to promote their interests. I must do it quietly. But i will do it all the same. And i trust you'd help me. Yes, your majesty. What's your name, man. Charlie, sir. Charlie roll. Trade? Shepherd. Mr. Secretary cromwell. Kneel. Do you know well about it, charlie? Yes, captain aske. We're not rebels, We're pilgrimages And we have a pilgrimage to go on. If you want to join us then you shall swear to be true to our mighty god. To christ catholic church. To our sovereign lord, the king. And to the commons of this realm, so help you god. I do swear. Wear this badge. It show the five wounds of christ. To prove that the commons will fight in christ cause. Yes, captain. God bless you, charlie. Sir. Arise, sir thomas cromwell, Also baron cromwell of wimbledon. And from this day forth, Lord privy seal. Majesty. Your grace. Your grace. May i, son? God be with you lad. Your majesty is too kind. Mary, gifts like these are easy compared with gifts of a heart. It gives more pleasure than i can say to see you reconcile with your father. Mary. Your majesty. Here is enough for a thousand crowns. If you need anything else you need only ask. Thank you, your majesty. Father. Yes, father. Mary's so sweet and affectional. She's everything i heard should be. It seems to be no wonder she's so marvelous and beloved for her virtue and goodness in the hearts of the people. Your majesty must invite her to the court, show her off. Your majesty, Why were you not speak to me? Because i'm disappointed. Why? I'm disappointed because you're not yet with child. Lord, my lord, my lord. We have come here in great haste to tell you that the great part of the north as well as part of lincolnshire have risen in sudden rebellion against his majesty. There are master of commons everywhere. The beacons of rebellion burning heir own light to cross the hills. Just four days ago, While we're collecting taxes and hectinsome We were set upon by an angry mob. They captured one of the commissioners call nicolas bello. Pull him down from his hourse and beat him to death with their stave. Among them, my lord, we saw armed priests. Urging on these rebellion's names And cries 'kill them, kill them'. Then we heard another man, william lichie, Who is known to be your servant mr. Cromwell have been hanged from a tree. And what these rebels said they want? so far i can tell you, they want to keep their holy days. They want monasteries restored and their church unelested, and... no more taxed. I heard they declared they prospaid with their journey. They intend to kill you, my lord crownwell. 454 or 5 bishops, and chancellor richie as deviced taken church goods, and tearing down churches. Why dont the local gentry intervince and serpress these traitors and wait. Surely they want to protect their lands than holy days. They tried, but the rebels then come back even greater. Some say, my lord crownwell, they are not hundreds but thousands religion rebelions against the king's church reforms Why did you know, you are suposed to know everything that goes on here? You told me there was little opposition, on the contrary. You told me that most people was glad to see such places dissolved. You were wrong. You didn't know anything, knave. Sit down, write this. We take it as greatest unkindness, that our common unfearist objects should rise agasint without any grounds. As for taking the goods from perish church which is never intended. Yet even it had been intended. True subjects would have not dealt with me, their princess in such violence. But would petition me for that purpose. Now, i command you rebels to go home, and say no more. And remember your allegiance, you are duly bound to to obey me, your king. Both by god's commoments, and by the law of nature. (LINCOLNSHIRE) All commands, stick together Now it's the time to arise, for else ever So forwards, forwrds to york. Forwards in pain of death. Forwards in god's name, forwards. Writing to the gentry of yorkshire Reminding them of their duties to suppress these traitors, penalties in not doing so... so any case, for suspending the work of church commisioners, - until rebels... - no, the only way to beat the king's Authority into the hands of rude people of north Is to show them king's intend to continue with reformation And correction religion whatever they say. What ever they do Yes My lord The rebels have taken lincoln The rebels flag flies over city gate and more of them are now marching on york. My god, help us when i was 5, my mother and i were taken accross london, into the tower. There was a rebelion against my father. The cornish rebels reached the city walls, And inside everything was panic, fear. With no news at all, nor army of my father. My mother tried to remain calm, she was terrified. So was i, I was sure we were both going to be killed. I'm appointing you command of the royal forces, You will arrive north as soon as possible, You will find guns and ordnances of hunger, but don't tarry there No, your majesty, i will do all your majesty commands and more These rebels are our traitors, charles. Full of wretched and devilish intense. They must be punished, For their detestable and unmature sin of rebellion against their sirvior Just as my father, punish the cornishmen. Charles, what is going on? - Leave us. - Yes your grace. His majesty has charged me would lead his army against north rebels. You are not to worry, i will have my back enough men and arms to subdue them. Easily, i have his majesty's promise. I hope to god, he keeps it. I'm happy to accept this charge Crownwell is being blamed for everything, And the rebels is demanding his head with god's help. I may will be able to deliver it. The lord privy seal I'll despatch duke of surffolk to the royal army. If we need to send the second army to destroy the rebels. Yes, your mejesty. Unless they disperse and said 100 of their ringleaders to the duke of surffolk of with halters around their necks. Then he has our permission to burn to destroy all their goods. And make a fearful example of them to all of our subjects. Yes, majesty. If still they do not submit, mr. Cromwell, then i promise the utter destruction of them. Their wives and their children. Do you understand me?