I shall lie with you again... I promise. And we shall sleep together for eternity. - Get out of the way... fellow. - Sorry me sir, was you trying to pass? Of course I'm trying to pass. Quickly now! If I knows anything sir, you're Mr. Robert Packington, sir. Member of Parliament and friend of the lord Privy Seal, aint that right sir? Yes, on all counts. I'll thank you again to step aside. Aint you in a hurry sir? Yes I am. No need. This one in a hurry eh! - Have they caught the villain? - No, Milord. He ran off into Cheapside. The sergeant of arms has his men all over the area. Pray God they catch him! But I am sure Mr. Packington was in every way an innocent victim. Then why was he killed? I presume to send a message to me. I am not short of enemies, Mr Risley. There is nothing more difficult to carry out than to initiate a new order of things Then you think bishop Gardiner might be behind this... Or my Lord Suffolk? I don't speculate. What I will say, that there are dark forces at work both inside and outside the court, they must be defeated. We must careful not to act til we're completely sure who they are, and what they want. In the meantime we must set to work, finding a new bride for the King. It's true that he has an heir at last but... one is scarcely sufficient. To be safe he must produce another. How is the King? He's shut himself away. So sad with grief, that he's all broken and have none attend him but only one. Who is that? Majesty. What do you think? I don't think. Are you mad? Thinking is dangerous. But I'll wink. Idiot. What? What about you! Think about it... You find the perfect wife. She's sweet... Pliable... she even has good tits! On top of that she gives you the son you've always wanted, and you let her die! Jesus Christ of mercy! And you think I'm the idiot? And she's not the only one... Poor... - abandoned Catherine. - Careful. And that other one... who's name escapes me as her head escaped her. All lost! All lost! Go to hell! Go there? I thought I'd already arrived! For surely gracious lord, this is hell. Poor lad, never to know his own mother. No. He will know her. Through me. Through others who knew her gentle kindness We shall all keep her memory so green, he will think it always spring. And she still so young and fair when he hears talk of her. My Lady's household is now to be dissolved. The King himself seems very grieved by her death but he has commanded... that no effort be spared to protect this precious jewel, his only son A new household is to be established for him at Hampton Court, and I am to head it, responsible all together for his nurture and education I can think of no-one who can be trusted more, Lady Bryan. Perhaps someday soon God willing, Lady Mary, you yourself will have child. I hear some rumour of a Spanish Prince. Yes, but there is nothing definite. And in the meantime I shall return to Hunson, and live quietly in the countryside like an English gentlewoman. Except I shall take the Lady Elisabeth with me. And knowing that young lady, you shall no quiet at all. I don't mind. She and my brother Edward are... excepting the King, my only family. And I shall love them all. Oh, I have forgotten... How is your son, Sir Francis? Has he not gone away for the King? He has, milady. But alas I have no news of him. Sir Francis, I came especially to welcome you to Caserta. Leave! May I see your letters of passage? These are letters of introduction to the Prince of Naples. You don't trust me? I need to see those letters. And I need to see Cardinal Pole. Do you really suppose you can threaten me, Sir Francis? La porte est bloquée! Ouvrez! Ouvrez cette porte! - Ouvrez cette porte You want to protect a traitor? I want to know where he is! You are going to tell me, or god help me, I'll kill you, and I have the immunity to do it. So, is he here.....? Is... he... Here? Where is he? It's called Nonesuch Palace. Why? Because it doesn't exist? No. Because there's no place like it. But it doesn't exist. I'll build it. Then you will have built an imaginary palace, and you will imaginary people to fill it. Are there not lots of those! I think so. For you are one, and I another, and the whole court is imaginary and all this is... a dream. It's all I have. Dream on. - Good night, Cardinal Pole. - Wait. Wait. I've grown afraid of my own shadow. The papal seal. The holy father blessed it himself. I feel safe when I have it. - Will you sleep outside the door? - Yes, your Eminence. - Good night then. - Good night, Eminence. Don't move... Traitor! He got away Sweetheart? Is something wrong with you? Yes. No. But sometimes I think that I do not want this child in my belly. Oh my love, why would you say so? I will always be haunted by the ghosts of other children. Murdered children, unwanted, unloved for the bloody memories it'd provoke. Better it was gone before it was ever born. I have other ideas for the palace. I'll construct beautiful gardens full of groves, hidden dells, paths... There'll be a grove of Diana showing the goddess in her bath. Statues everywhere, fountains, spouting water, plus marble birds pour forth water from their bills. What do you say... fool? I like it all, I like everything about it. Except the groves. I don't like the groves. Or the fountains, or the paths, or the marble birds. Everything else I like! You don't understand. The French King, Has a palace at Chambord which is the envy of all the world. But Nonesuch will trump it a hundred, a thousand times. Then... in time... like everything else it will dissolve away. Like the ruins of ancient Rome, the Colossus of Rhodes... all thing tend towards their ruin, even great houses and the fools who build them. And so in a little space, there will indeed be Nonesuch Palace, but it will all be gone. A vacancy, a nullity, a green fort in a green shade. And yet... People will see... There once existed a great palace there. A palace beyond beauty. A palace beyond compare. And King Henry built it. And it will all still exist. True, true. The only things which exist are in people's heads, and... you never found a head so fine but you could make it fly Your turn. - Don't play the fool. - Why not? - You'll lose the game. - Indeed. But I'd much rather lose game than lose my head. Fool. Gawen! You're up late. Is your master Seymour, alone? What are you scared of? Poor Gawen! Who is he? Sir Gawen Carew. One of Lord Seymour's retainers. Why was he killed? May have been for a gambling debt, My Lord. May have been? We are investigating. You have not found the killer? No, My lord. Although is seems possible it was one of Lord Suffolk's retainers. It's illegal to carry arms in court while the King's in residence. The penalties are severe. Yes My Lord. Now my friend Mister Packington? Have you not found his killer? No, Milord. No? It seems to me, sergeant, that as the man appointed to keep order in court, you are singularly failing in your duties. I trust you will now apprehend the villain, and prevent violence, otherwise, you will pay the price for your failures It's in order. You may take Sir Francis through, Lady Bryan. Thank you. This way, Francis. Mama... What's this? The King's given orders personally that all the rooms and cambers and passages around the Prince's apartment are to be scrubbed with soap, three times daily. The Prince also has his own kitchen where all his meals are prepared Now that he's weaned from mother jack. Everything that he might touch is to be washed, and everything he might eat, tasted for poison. His personal chamberlain supervises his meals, his robes, and daily bath. He must be the cleanest baby in England. He is the most precious baby in England. My Lord! Thank you, Lady Bryan. Why have you come here? Has the King banished you to the nursery for letting Cardinal Pole slip through your fingers? His Majesty anxious to assure himself of his son's wellbeing. He has no need to be concerned. The protection of the Prince is also my first priority since he is also of my blood. I thank you, Sir Francis, in future to leave my nephew alone. And my wife too. Do I make myself clear? The Lord Chancellor. Please take a seat. There is something new I should like to discuss with you. You know that the King has seen fit to start remodeling most of his palaces. Including the enlargement of Hampton Court. My Lord, I have already released funds for the project. And also for the construction of St James' Palace. Well. There's a new one. This is a fantasy work! It will cost a fortune. As a result of the dissolution of the monasteries His Majesty has gained a large fortune. Yes, but did you ever suppose it would be squandered on... fantasies? Can you not... - Talk to him? - Richie... what King wills the King must have he's not to argued with or crossed. He's still mourning the death of his beloved wife. And he will talk to no-one but Will Somers. Will Somers? His fool? - He will talk to no-one but his fool? - It's not the first time. In extremes, always. - For how long? - I don't know. I wish he would come out, without him... we're all gone to hell. Mad fool, fool there's something else we have to decide. We have to decide which articles of faith and which commandments are best. For our new church, our people so they can walk in good ways. "Thou shall not"... what? Play the fool? "Cover thy neighbor's wife." Unless she's very pretty. "Or his... man servant... maid servant, Ox, ass"... or your neighbor's wife's ass? Don't be facetious, buffoon. Did you know... Did you know... that in Exodus, there are 613 commandments? "Thou shalt not suffer a witch." To live..." Thou shalt have three feast days unto me a year". "Thou shalt never vex... stranger". "Whosoever lies with a beast, shall be surely put to death". Sheep shaggers. Pigeon fanciers. Thou shall not venerate the vicar of Rome. Or lick his ares. For thine is the kingdom. The power and the glory. Amen. That's the doxology! The doxology? It's the dog's bloody bullocks. I miss her, Will... I miss her so much... I know. But this too shall pass. Why go on dwelling in darkness? You know that the land of the wounded King... is only a parched wasteland, thirsting for rain and your Majesty's grace. Sir... there's a fight. You'd best come quick. Whoever you are. Hold! Put up your swords in the name of the King! You are committing treason! You sir! Give up your sword! I say on pain of death! Give them up. You heard the sergeant? Give me your sword. Very well. Go. Go, now! Go! While the King's indisposed, no-one has the authority to make decisions on his behalf The Prince, my nephew, is in my custody. And no-one is or will be allowed to see him, without my written approval He is the King's son and the property of the state, He is not your property, Mister. The Lord Privy Seal. My Lords. Your Grace. I beg you all can we not now come to order? By what right and by who's command, Mister Secretary, do you summon the King's council? My Lord Hussey, as you well know, the King is incommunicado... Then your only authority to put yourself above others is a usurped one. As Lord Privy Seal I think I have the right and the responsibly in loco parentis, of summoning your Lordships to council. Gentlemen... Gentlemen. Surely you can see there must be a meeting of council: In King's absent,there has been much malevolence and violence at court, including now, the death of the Sergeant at arms. I've heard that your own servants were much involved in the violence, Mister secretary. Some say that they may have even provoked it. If that could be proved, I should rightly forfeit your Lordships trust. But I can assure your Grace it is not true, and others should look to their own conscience. What do you mean by that? There are some that desire disorder with all their heart thinking to use it the end to their own advantage. Mister Cromwell, you presume too far above very base and low degree. Until the King is well, you will not summon me to anymore to anything. Not even to a dog fight! For God's sake, have you any new of the King? Yes, he's rewriting the Lord's Prayer, and... The ten Commandments. - What? - Certainly. - How are the prawns? - Delicious. I've warned Sir Francis Bryan to stay away from you. Why? He's dangerous. Not to you surely? Not with the boy. The King listens to him. That makes him dangerous to everyone. I shall have to destroy him. It's a pity. He makes me laugh. I'm sure he makes a lot of women laugh. It's a very small thing to you isn't It, Edward... I think there are more important things; yes. No doubt you're right. But as long as you do... don't expect me to be faithful to you. May I have some more prawns? Wakey, wakey! His Majesty would like to see you, at once. Master Cromwell. Majesty. How goes the world? The King of France has written to your Majesty to congratulate you on the birth of your son. Tell Frances... Divine Providence has mingled my joy with the bitterness of death... of her who bought me such... happiness. Tell bishop Gardener I wish to see him. - I wish to talk to him. - Well of course, your Majesty. How is my son? Everything's been done to protect the Prince, in strict accordance with your Majesty's instructions. I love that boy. If anything should ever happen to him... Majesty, I wonder... Wonder? Tell me... what do you wonder, Mister Cromwell? I wonder if your Majesty could frame your mind towards a new marriage. After all... however much is done to protect the Prince... Let me free my mind... why not? What do you suggest? I took the liberty of instructing our ambassadors in France and the Low Countries to begin making enquiries. And? The French have proposed two possible consorts for your Majesty. Marguerite, the daughter of the King, and Marie, the daughter of the Duke De Guise. Our ambassador to France sings the latter's praises, though it seems... she is half promised to the King of Scotland. Majesty? How is the King? He has just lately emerged from his seclusion. It is said that although he is little disposed to it... the council is urging him to take the extreme step of marrying again. A marriage? I don't suppose heard any more about Don Luis and my marriage? As to that, Lady Mary, I'm afraid I have no news for you, wether good or bad. It seems perhaps the issue is in abeyance at least for the time being. - Perhaps it is my fate never to marry. - No, gentle lady. No. I'm sure the King will make up his mind to... to arrange an most brilliant marriage for you. If not to Don Luis, then to someone even more eligible. I thought you said Don Luis was incomparable. - Madame, I did not mean... - No. You meant well You always mean well. Jane's household is now all broken up. - Where will you go, Lady Misseldon? - To live with my mother. What about the young man you were engaged to? Robert Tavistock? I think he is not so interested in me. He is a fool then. You're kind to think so, Sir Francis. Is he so foolish that he'll turn down a peerage, and a gift of one of the dissolved abbeys... if he agrees to marry you? Majesty, I would think less of him if he needed to accept such gifts in order to love me. Your Majesty has been more than generous and gracious, but I'm settled in a plan to go home, to see what has become of me. In my present state of mind... you could not have said a more admirable thing. You may leave with our love and blessing. One more night. The traitor Pole, escaped you. Yes. We've other agents looking for him. But he was smuggled out to Italy. No doubt he's sitting on the Pope's lap even now. His betrayal hurts me. Pity it is... that the folly of one brain-sick Pole, or to save that one witless fool, should be the ruin of so great a family. That(***) I cannot touch you... I swear I will make him eat his heart. The holy father mentioned you in his prayers today He thanked God for your safe deliverance. I was sure I was going to die. Death is not ready for you yet. God has something else in mind. How else to explain the miracle of your survival? My brother, Lord Montague, has sent me a letter. Show me. "I send you God's blessing... "and mine, although my trust to have comfort in you... "has turned to sorrow. "It is incredible to me that by reason of a brief "sent to you by the bishop of Rome, "you should be resident with him for this winter. "If you keep that way then farewell all my hope! "And God save your mother and all your family." What should I do? That letter was not written by your brother, but dictated to him by Cromwell, the messenger of Satan. Never let the Devil beguile you, either with his threats or his promises. The price of your soul is eternal vigilance. If you once let down your guard, the Devil will slip like a serpent into your mouth. And forever afterwards he will speak for you. My lord bishop... you and your committee were asked to examine,</i> and determine the doctrine of the church of England.</i> But you seem unable to agree on anything Your Majesty, there continue to be some... fundamental theological differences between members of the committee. I'm aware of that. But I've grown very impatient, and I will not tolerate any more divisions. I have formulated... six fundamental doctrinal questions. The answers to these questions will form the basis of our faith. Of course. As Your Majesty wishes. I shall go at once to Canterbury and consult with the Archbishop. My lord... save yourself the journey. I think we understand each other very well. Let's leave archbishop Cranmer to tend his own garden. There's really no need to bother him. Don't you agree? Your Majesty, here are the six Articles of faith, upon which Your Majesty's Church of England - is to built, and sustained. - Read them. The first Article concerns the truth of the Transubstantiation of God. By the consecration of the bread and the wine at holy mass, there takes place a change in the whole substance of the bread</i> into the substance of the body of Christ our Lord,</i> and change in substance of the wine, into the substance of his blood. The penalty for denying this is death by burning</i> even after recantation. The second Article concerns the withholding of the cup from the laity, during communion.</i> For if we offer them the blood of Christ,</i> they will lose all their reverence for the holy sacraments,</i> and the power of the blood will be washed away.</i> Quam oblationem quaesumus tu Deus ut nobis corpus et sanguinis fiat dilectissimi filii tui. The third Article prescribes the... continued validity of the vows of celibacy for all...</i> priests and nuns. For, does not Saint Paul say:</i> "He that is without a wife, "is solicitous for things of the Lord, how he may please God,</i> "he who has a wife is solicitous for the things of the world."</i> All priests who are now married must now forthwith desert their wives,</i> or face the penalty of death. The fourth Article concerns the observation of the vows of chastity.</i> A priest makes a vow of chastity, and any violation of that vow must surely be a sin against religion.</i> To turn aside a vow to God, and to writhe in the pit of fornication,</i> is to follow the devil willingly into the mouth of Hell.</i> Accipite... et manducate ex hoc omnes. Hoc est enim corpus meum. The fifth Article herein decided is concerned with the continuation of private masses</i> whereby, good Christian people, may receive both godly and goodly consolation,</i> and blessings for their souls. Corpus Christi. The sixth Article confirms the importance of confession.</i> Confitemini alterutrum peccata vestra.</i> Confess your sins to one another. Sanguinis Christi. Anyone who disputes against these Articles,</i> must now be considered a heretic, like those extreme Lutherans who now roam this land. The punishment for transgression is to be death</i> by hanging, drawing, and quartering, as well as forfeiture of estates and property.</i> And any man... who decides to try to flee England in the face of these new Articles,</i> will be considered to have committed treason</i> and suffer accordingly the awful fate</i> handed out to traitors. Thank you my lord bishop. You Eminences are to congratulated on your hard work,</i> and manifest wisdom. Here we have six Articles we may adhere to with a clear conscience. There is one final amendment. Henceforth: the Lord's prayer will be altered to include the doxology. "For thine is the Kingdom, the power... "and the glory." Amen. Amen. My Lords, Eminences, Your Grace... now that these matters have been determined, let us prosecute with absolute diligence all those who stubbornly stand against us. These aren't six Articles... they're a whip with six strings.</i> Cranmer ought to send his wife and son back to Germany... or be burned. It's not just that, Mister Rich. Private masses, confessions, the blood and the body of Christ, these are Catholic measures. He's rolled back the reforms... it's the end of our reformation. - Why? - Because in his heart, he has always been a true Catholic. Excepting just one thing: