when they are still practice here at court. When shall I meet the Majesty, my lord? very soon. Majesty is most eager to talk to you. In the meantime, he encouraged you to write a lengthy declaration of everything you did during the rebellion and the reasons for it. Keep still. who are you? what are you doing here. You can't be here. Oh my God, it's true. I didn't believe it. get out. get out. no. she is my fiancee. - well, should I...?	-No, I don't... There's no cause being here. I warned you. Is he alive? Master Holbein. - Master Holbein. - Your Majesty. I must beg Your Majesty's pardon. Pardon? What for? I have committed an assault within the verge of your court. An assault? you? But you're an artist. I was painting the picture of Lady Misseldon that Your Majesty commisioned, but a gentleman interrupted us. What did you do? I threw the gentleman into some shelves. You did the right thing, Master Holbein. And I'll forgive you freely, I might have done the same thing myself. Just finish the portrait. I can't wait. Thank you, Your Majesty. Master Holbein. Sir Robert Tavistock. -Sir Robert, you look have assaults. -Your Majesty I have a great complaints to make against Master Holbein. I am engaged to a young woman. but found him painting her. Naked. Naked? Yes, Your Majesty. on a bed, like some concubine. I demanded that, Your Majesty, punish Mr. Holbein severely,for his lewdness, his immorality, and his violence against me. You have not to do with Mr Holbein, but with me. I tell you frankly. If I have seven peasants, I can make seven lords. but if I have seven lords, I couldn't make one Holbein. Then tell me truthfully, do you still wish me to punish Mr. Holbein? No, Your Majesty. I ask for Your Majesty's pardon. I am Your Majesty's humble and obedient servant, and make no complaints against Mr. Holbein. Good lad. Happy Christmas, Robert. - Majesty? - Sweetheart. May I present someone to you? Very well. The Countess of Salisbury was my old governess I know. I know the Lady very well. - Lady Margaret?	- Your Majesty. You are very welcome here to court. I know how rearly you quit your fine house. It is true. I prefer to live a life based on piety and traditional ways, Your Majesty. You're an example to everyone here at court. How was your son, Reginald Pole? Is he still studying in Italy? Yes, indeed, Your Majesty. He is now at Padua Univeristy, and has more reasons than most to be grateful to Your Majesty. Since until very recently, you continue to pay his fees. I showed great interest in him. He showed great promise as scholar, as well as being my cousin, Still, when you refused my offer to make him the youngest ever Bishop of Winchester. I remeber I had to thump him. Your Majesty must believe it was not in gratitude on Reginald's part. No, no. He was in tears after leaving Your Majesty's presence. The truth is my son is too much of a scholar and private person ever to desire public office or notoriety. Then after all, I forgive him. - Majesty.  - Lady Salisbury. You ladies are conspiring something. we were both like to present someone else to Your Majesty at this Christmastide. Very well. Your Majesty, this is... My daughter Elizabeth. You don't need to tell me. Come here, child. Votre Majeste. ca va ca va bien, ma petite. veniez ici attencion joyeux son famille Your Majesty, Mr. Robert Aske. - Majesty.	- Mr.Aske. Come. I am very glad to see you, Mr. Aske. For a long time, I believed I was badly misinformed about the causes of disturbances in the Northern part of our kingdom. but I have read your full and frank explanation. I am persuaded by the justice of your cause. I still deem the commonwealth of the realm, and love of my subjects, Mr. Aske, far more than any riches I'm truely humbled by Your Majesty's words. and ask in all you ability. If your sacred Majesty intends to fulfill those pledges made in Your Majesty's name, by his grace, the Duke of Suffolk at Pontefract. In every part, the general and liberal pardon shall be extended to all our Northern subjects. There will be a free election to a Parliament to be held at York. when members of churchmen without our displeasure, shall them may speak and show their learning and their free minds. Futhermore, after my Lord Suffolk has come down to you with the great seal to claim on this, then to show the great love we bear on the Northern subjects. we ourselves shall come to York. and it is there, Mr. Aske, where my Queen shall be crowned. Your Majesty is truely gracious. I swear to you. You will find no more loving and loyal people on the whole of your realm than Northern Yorkshire. One more thing. You've written against some of my advisors, and protesting at their lack of noble blood. Your Majesty, I... No, I agree with you. But don't say anything. Now, I have a gift for you. Majesty, I... Happy Christmas, Mr. Aske. That is quite entertaining. but you don't even know who I am, do you? Of course, I do. You're Edward Seymour's wife. If he ever discovered us, he'd probably kill you. Really? Yet he seems so nice. Cold, perhaps but pleasant with all? That's a mistake they all make. Ave Maria, gratia plena, Dominus tecum, Amen Mr. Aske. Lady Mary. I'm sorry to disturb your prayers. Not at all, since you are always a part of them. I come only to assure you, Mr. Aske. For i know you are here upon God's work. I trust the King's Majesty will grant you and your people all their desires. I have every hope now, as i have ever hoped one day you will succeed as Queen of England, for the better maintaining of our faith. Lady, you must know, how beloved you are to the people, as was your mother before you. God rest her soul. Remember me by this. May God bless and keep you, Master Aske. How's father? They told me he has fallen ill I was going tell you at a better time. Father is dead. Dead? When? Why? Keep smiling.  A week ago. -A week? - Yes a week. I arrange the funeral,everything has done to honor him. You should have told me. I should have been there. I wish I could be otherwise, but can't now, your place is here,you have to understand that. Later you could visit his mausoleum -Sister.  - My Lady. I presume you have told her about her father, is she alright Of course. She's the queen. Gentlemen.  Noble and worshipful man of this country. I swear by the faith that I bear to God and St. George that i have not only forgiven and pardoned the men of the North by writing under seal but also freely in my heart. It is my honor that those men now wear the cross of St. George who thankfully accepted my free pardon and mean to be as loyal subjects, as they were before their solely insurrection. And my queen and I, wish you all, a very happy and prosperous New Year. I tell you frankly, the King is a good and gracious lord who has granted us as far as he may, all our desires and petitions. It's true. I heard it from his own mouth that he intends to hold a free and fair parliament in York and have the queen crowned there. Promises, Mr. Aske, just more promises. No, not just promises. Lord Suffolk is sworn to come here to bring both great authority, the King's seal and thus he told me many comfortable answers. I have to tell you, Mr. Aske, though it agrees me to do so, that since you have been away, there have been many rumors and a widespread mistrust of the King and his councel. Aye. The Northern lands are open monastery again and this time we won't be betrayed. Tell them to believe me, John. Tell them to wait for the coming of Lord Suffolk, for another rising now risks everything. Robert, there was a time when nothing was more sure than a promise of a prince, but now we think these promises nothing but a policy to blind the people. and when we rise again, we will trust no promises. I cannot believe this. If you will not trust the King, then will you at least trust me? Have I not guided you well so far? Have I not secured a pardon for all of us? But have you secured the King's absolute promise to restore our monasteries? His Grace promised me that all those matters would be discussed freely and openly in parliament. I trust him. He offered me as much as true and honest and good man could desire of their sovereign. but we have no proof. Where are you going? Marching on Carlisle. John, I plead with you, for the love of God, not to put this agreement in jeopardy by false actions and rush judgements. Their minds are already made up, Mr. Aske. Even before you returned. There is no agreement just basically empty promises. The King will not be moved by words but by actions. We shall do now, what we should have done before. gather the man. I wish that Lady Mary lived at the court. I miss her very much. Yes, and Lady Elizabeth. Is she not the sweetest,cleverest, brightest child? It's not have been easy for either of them. and for all my troubles I'm glad I never have theirs. Your Majesty. Madam. I do not know whether to tell you, but the King has taken Lady Misseldon as mistress. He must do as he will. It is we, Lady Rochford, must always honor and obey. Donot leave trouble for me, for I have great reason to be happy. The Duke of Suffolk, and the Lord Privy Seal. You're going to North at once. Yes, Your Majesty. In order to establish due obedience, you will allow minister an oath, to the leaders and gentlemen of Yorkshire and Lancashire. They will acknowledge that they made other oath contrary to their allegiance and to the great offence of God. They must utterly renounce them and swear to be our true and faithful subjects. They must commit themselves to obey and even to spill their blood to maintain all our laws and to assist our church commissioners in their duties. If they will not take the oath, then there will be no clemency. You will apprehend such persons where there is no danger to yourself. And they will, by law, be judged to suffer execution. Your Majesty, what are your instructions regarding the setting of the parliament at York? You may say there has been necessary delays. Your Majesty, I...I gave them my word upon my honor. Let me remind  Your Grace that rebellion is the heinous sin which cries out to God for punishment. It is the sin of the sin. For wether is no right order, there is only carnal liberty, sin and Babylonian disorder. These wretched men have taken my whole realm without board as they have taken me, Charles. They have to and will be punished for it. I agree with Your Majesty. If I might... No you may not. You're low birth,  Mr. Cromwell, deems you're unfit to meddle in the affairs of King's. You dismissed. -Hey Charlie.    -Captain Constable. So most men start together. You're in good spirit. Aye, glad you are up for it Good, the rest will be joining in us tomorrow. We will walk in the carlisle, we will attack the castle as soon as fast what we've got here Rabbits. Rabbits. So what are you going to do with that? Feed the five thousand? Jesus! Charlie! Stay low! out out alright Give him some water. My God, what in God's name has happened? We started together, Mr. Aske,near Carlisle, ready and eager to, assault the castle. Then Sir Cristopher Dacre. and the Lord Suffolk, came out of the castle with the men that brought these spears on those and afterwards, men of bloody chains and captures, scalds I saw my two boy slayed. God help us. Sirs we are broken. What about Mr. Constable? Captured. My Lord. We've got him. They broke their pledges. -I mean to see the King.  -Yes, My Lord We shall impose martial law on whole of the North. -John Constable?   -Aye. Do you deny that you acted as a leader in captains of this rebellion? No. I'm proud of it. You're going to be taken to London and examined further as your action's motives. you mean tortured, you promised us a parliament, but you lied. you betrayed us You never meant to of everything, did you, did you, Your Grace? Here are the names of those who refuse to announce their actions and sign the oath. -How many?   -74, all to be executed, Your Grace. It was all well done Your Grace. You know that it is his Majesty's order to arrest Lord Darcy Sir Ralph Ellerker and Robert Aske. They are to be charged on suspicion of treason but they must not know it. Your Grace must surely know that Mr.Aske Sir.Ralph and I were firmly and factly and openly  against this new rising. We believed and believe still in the promises and assureties and good gracious of the King's Majesty. It is also true that nothing can be done or imagined here against the King's Majesty that I cannot let the council and you know of. I am assured of your loyalty to his Majesty. Nevertheless, the King requires you travel south with me to explain this recent events which seems so contrary to his expressed hopes. Your Grace can see with your own eyes that I am old and sick and unfit to travel Allow me to speak openly to Your Grace. although I love and trust the King absolutely and know that he would always treat me justly and mercifully. I can not say the same for some of his councillors. I would rather fear to fall into their hands my Lord. Allow me to reassure you. I will write a letter to both the King and council in all of your favours and shall we show you before we leave. Then, we must go. Yes, it is the King's command. Then I say God has mercy on us. God bless you and keep you, my own dear husband. And you too my darlings, but I shall be all right for I trust in the honestly of His Grace. He showed me a letter, it was written to the council on our behalf and it was all good. He said he still charity for us and I doubt any harm will come to us. After all, what could be gained by when the North most now be appeased and quiet. Then our daughters don't weap. Your yorkshire lass, Yorkshire lass have iron in their souls just like your good mother. You will see me again soon, I promise. God bless you Mr.aske God bless you Mr.aske Man,march on. God bless you Mr.aske I see you eating quail's eggs again sweetheat? Did you not have those yesterday. Yes, Your Majesty. I seemed to have developed  fondness of them. Especial fondness? Well indeed. For some seasons, I desire quails eggs above anything else. -Leave. -Your Majesty I think you are with child. I am. My love. My queen. John Constable you are a principal and irredeemable traitor and villian against the King's Majesty. Nothing can save you. OH Lord. forgive me, oh Lord Guards,hold him down on the table. Sweet jesus, God, jesus, Dame you to hell. ... ...Lord Darcy Your Grace I think the journey almost broken him His lodge is taken care of. This is Sir Francis Bryan. -Mr. Aske.  -Sir Francis. I have orders to commit you to the tower. -but  -it's for your own safety. You will be lodged comfortably enough. Mr Cromwell desires to ask you a few questions. I trusted you, Your Grace. I swear, I have done my best for you, Mr. Aske. The Duke of Suffolk, my Lord. You asked to see me. Yes Your Grace. Well explain yourself, what do you want? I have some reports. You always have reports Cromwell. But these are very interesting. they are reports from insides of Carlisle where he says a judgement agaginst rebels who attempeted to threaten His Majesty. Everything was done leagally and properly. 74 rebels were jedgued and hanged. That's the problem. one point all of us agreed there were at least 40,000 rebles armed and in the field and yet Your Grace found only 74 guilty. I hanged those with the leaders and most guilty insides rebellion. Had you actually been there to hear the evidence? I must be honest with Your Grace, you had been accused of too great of leniency towards the rebels,towards recalcitrant monks and other upholders of the old religion, it... it is disreputed whether you are in your heart and soul fully engaged in struggle against the treasons, rebels or Wheather you are in your heart still papist Who? Accused me? His Majesty. Consequently, his Majesty now demands your return North and carry out an proper and efficient reprisals against these rebels and treators You are to make a terribly examples of them. And teach those parts of the virtues of loyalty. 74 is an inadequate number Your Grace Since you asked me for the truth,I will answer that in all parts of the realm men's heart were most hurt by the destruction of the abbeyes Becuase they thought perhaps with a reason that this was the first fruits, of the destruction,of their whole religion in England This letter of yours on the 19th of Jan., you wrote to reassure the mayor of common Pontefract "I should keep a clean true heart to God on the King and whatever more further to be a true petitioner for the common wealth good." You signed it.T Dacy? I remember it. But I am not sure, what is wrong with it. Can you not agree, was it rather spreading fauls foolingness* for example,the parish churches we're going to put down which actully caused rebellion No, it was the fact, that the abbeys were being suppressed and burned. It was 19th of Jan that after the King declared his Pardon and rebellion had ended. but I understood the King had also agreed to a free paliament where subjests could still show their grief complains my letter was only meant to I will tell you what it meant, my Lord. What it meant is even after the King's gracious pardon, you had not changed your traitor's heart and opinions You continue to seek the annulment of laws that make for the good of the commonwealth and you still wish to depose the King. Tell me, why... they were so important to you? Because the abbeys in the North gave arms to poor men and Lord belief to serve God. They were one of the beautiest of this realm to all men and strangers are alike. They took care of their servants, their tends, and their local communities in every sort of way. From maintaining bridges and seawalls. to see girls and boys were brought up in virtue And when they stood, people not only has world of refreshment in their bodies, but they also have a spirtual refuge. So you grudge this suppression and the King's supremacy After such confessions, Lord forgive us. It is not Mr. Aske but you, who are the very oringal and chief cause of all this rebellion and mischief although You could probably find some ways of having all the nobal men's head of the realm struck off you if you wanted. yet I trust, there might be on left who can still to strike off yours. well, may it surprise you to learn, Mr. Aske, there is very reason, I attempt to save you. You've been here for 2 days. But still you don't talk to me. Even though you are unhappy. How'd you know? You wake in the night. You say things. What do I say? unburden your heart. If I do, believe me, everything will change. I am commanded to return North to carry out retribution. I must excute more rebels. Only this time I'll trial "proper" process. Many? Yes, many. Many, hundreds, thousands, I must kill hundreds of men, women or children or I'll lose the love of my King. Women and children? I have no choice. Of course you have choice! What if they were your own children?! I will still have to do it. His Majesty, the King. Stand up, Mr. Aske. Mr. Cromwell has reported your words to me. I've come to talk to you. About the abbeys and the religious houses you care so much about. Please. You have so much affection for these monks. Yet I can prove to you how far they are from good religious men. They claim to live in willful poverty, chastity and obedience. Yet they mass possessions. And put themselves outside the law, They are religion princes. *Yet but out our responsibilities.* And what is willful poverty anyway? And that's for obedience, God help us. How can they be obedient when they disobliged their sovereign Lord whom by God's commandments they ought to obey in all things. We should not think of these men as good religious men who forsake all earthly possessions as they claim. But rather as idle and sturdy vagabonds. I like you Mr.Aske You're maybe misguiding certain matters, yes but, your mistakes are honest. I know that in your heart your are the most loyal of all men. I love and respect Your Majesty, above all things. I would never seek to offend you Majesty, the bellman from Calais is here. - Majesty.  - Monsieur. Let me see. - Majesty.  - quail eggs, Sir Francis, quail eggs, To feed the queen. Monsieur. You're bound by law to obey the King's Majesty. And yet you follow the traitor Aske Robert Aske, you've been accused of levying war. We find you guilty as charged. You do not deserve this. Stop it. You are a good man Robert Aske I want you to organize the celebrations for the birth of my son. I want them to be truely spectacular. - Is it time?  - Yes, Your Majesty. I pray to Jesus he wills to send us a prince. Your Majesty may have to decide soon between the life of the mother or of the child.