that went on inside this Court while I mourned were unacceptable. I'm appointing you President of the Council and Lord Great Master, so, in my absence, all will be answerable to you. Not Cromwell. Majesty. I'm also appointing Edward Seymour, to investigate the activities of the Poles. From now on, they're all under suspicion. How's your family? They're well, except... my wife lost the child she was carrying. Then we have both lost something. Sometimes I think I shall go mad. My leg is poisoned and hurts again, I'm afraid that my son will die of The Plague, and I cannot sleep. Majesty... I know what it is that we have both lost. We've lost our youth. There is nothing in the world, that can ever return it to us. "Beneditione tuam Domine, "populos Fideles accipiat." - "Per Christum Dominum nostrum." - "Amen!" Lady Salisbury! You're hungry! Eat! - Stop, sir! - Stand aside, I'm on the King's business! - What's that? - I don't know. Lady Salisbury, forgive this intrusion, but you and these members of your family are arrested, By the King's orders, on suspicion of treason. You will all have to come straight with me. Not my grandson, surely. All. I wanted to talk to you in private, Monsieur l'Ambassadeur, because I'm inclined towards a French bride. Although my advisors think I should rather seek an Imperial match. Ah, I admire your Majesty's taste, and deplore that of your advisers. Perhaps they are not men of the world, as we are? My Lord of the Privy Seal spoke to me of two potential French brides: Maria, the King's daughter, and Marie de Guise, Madame de Longueville. Since I have heard further of Madame de Longueville, I cannot refrain from considering her as a wife. Good nose. Peachy! Cat's piss. Not too sweet. What have you heard? The King's daughter's too young for me. But Madame de Longueville is more suitable, being herself a widow, and having already born two sons, and being, as they say, very... voluptuous. My master told me that He would think it a great honour, if your Majesty were to take a French girl as your new wife. There is no Lady who is not at His command, except Madame de Longueville, Whose marriage to the King of Scotland, has already been arranged. This arrangement can be broken. Tell your Master that I can do twice as much for Him as my nephew, the idiotic and beggarly Scotish King. Yes. Yes, but so, in effect, then, you would be marrying another man's wife. I will marry who I like! Monsieur Castillon, I have received offers from every quarter. Forgive me, but His Majesty proposes a double marriage. His 19 year old son, Henri, to your daughter, Mary, and one of Madame Longeville's sisters to you. There are two of them: Louise and Renné. The former, remarkably for the French Court, is a rumoured to be still a virgin. Wonderful! Take Her. Take Louise. Since she is still a maid, you will have the advantage of... shaping the passage to your measure. I wanna see my father! Go get my father! I want my father NOW!! You know who I am? Don't you? Oh, yes! I know who you are. You're Master Pole. {\They say that }Some day you're gonna be the King of England. Let go of me! Let go! We must discuss marriage. As usual, the French want to mess Me around. Who does the Emperor propose? Your Majesty, the Emperor has put forward Christina, His niece, the Duchess of Milan. Tell me about Her. Originally from Denmark, she was married at 13 to the Duke of Milan, Francesco Sforza, who died a year later. She is now 16, both a widow, and, apparently, still a maid. She's living in Brussels, with the Regent, Mary of Hungary. She's reported to be a great beauty, and likes nothing better than hunting and playing cards. Hunting and playing cards. I like Her already. Have Our Ambassador in the Netherlands find out more about her. Majesty. {\My Lord, }Our Ambassador to the Netherlands, Sir John Hutton. Ah, Sir John... I... have some most urgent business for you to do. My Lord, Mr. Islick has warned me. You are to make a list of potential candidates to share His Majesty's bed. My Lord, I have not much experience among ladies, there fore, this commission to me is hard. You're to go to Brussels. You're to make {\particular }inquiries there about Christina, Duchess of Milan, but... while you're about it, go on to the Duchy of Cleves, make enquiries there about the Duke's two sisters: Amelia and Anne. I'm anxious that they should enter the reckoning. Yes, my Lord Cromwell. I wanna see my son. What have you done with my son? Where is he? Your son is unharmed. He will remain unharmed until we are sure that you are not all traitors, like your brother, Reginald. You know very well that my family has disowned Reginald. Neither my mother nor I support or condones what he has done. We'll openly profess our allegiance to His Gracious Majesty. I like well the precedings of my brother, the Cardinal, but I like not the doings of this Realm, and I trust to see a change in this world. I would wish that we were both over the sea. The world in England waxes all crooked. The God's Law has been turned upside-down, abbeys and churches overthrown. Who gave you that letter? Do you deny writing it? It has a postscript: "The King will die one day, suddenly." "His leg will kill Him," "and we will have a jolly... stirring!" Your professions of loyalty were all hollow, my Lord Montague. You are, after all, the King's cousins. The last of the Plantagenets. The last of the White Rose. Some say you Poles, are the rightfull heirs, and will someday wear the garland. Don't they. Sir Francis. Majesty. Now that we found evidence against Henry Pole, Lord Montague, we need something against the Lady. I ask you, whether such dishonest and treacherous sons could ever have had an honest mother! Who is that? She's the widow of the Earl of Edgemont. A widow? Wait. It's true she doesn't look it, but... she's over 40. On the other hand, there is a maid at Court, she's only 14, but she already has a goodly stature. Let the fruit ripen before you pluck it, Sir Francis. - My Lord. - My Lord Cromwell. - Majesty. - Cromwell. I've just received a letter from Sir John Hutton, The ambassador in Brussels. He's been making enquiries on your Majesty's behalf about the Duchess of Milan, the Emperor's niece. What does he say? He writes, "There's none in these parts" "for beauty of person and birth to compare with the Duchess." "She's not so pure white as the last Queen (God pardon), but" "when she smiles there appear 2 dimples in Her cheeks and one in Her chin." "And we're very well." Has He mentioned other Ladies? Only a... sister of the Duke of Cleves: Anne. - He writes. - I've heard about Her. They say she's of no great praise, either of Her personage or Her beauty. Forgive me, Majesty, but... on the other hand, such a match could have its advantages. This Realm has long been at the mercy of the machinations of the French or of the Emperor, but Cleves is a member of The Protestant League, which daily grows in power across Europe, and could easily, rival with us. Thus, at last, could England make its own destiny. Even so, I'm anxious to see more about the Duchess of Milan. I want to be sure she is as beautiful as Hutton claims. Send Master Holbein to do a sketch of her by next tide. - Majesty. - Master Cromwell. With your permission, Madam, may I ask if you would consider marrying the King? You may ask, Sir. And as for my inclination, you know I am at the Emperor's command. Madam, how happy you shall be if it be your chance to be matched with my Master. Shall I? Why? My Royal Master is the most gentle gentleman that lives. His nature is so benign and pleasant, that 'til this day, I think no man has heard many, if any angry words pass His mouth. On the other hand, it is not strange that the King's Majesty was in so little space, rid of His 3 Queens? And I suspect, that the first, my great aunt, was poisoned, the second, innocently put to death, and the third lost for lack of care in Her child-bed. Frankly, Sir, if I had two heads, then one would be at his Majesty's service. Alas, I only have this one. Madam, let me plead my Master's better qualities, - and appeal to your heart. - No! You must not labour any further, for I shall not fix my heart that way. Unless, of course, the Emperor commands me to. Madam. Sir Francis! The Royal Banner of the Plantagenets. My God, what expectation is there! What's this? The Royal Banner. And this... The most potent symbol of rebellion. Discovered in your house. Sir, I am an old Lady. I have done nothing wrong or against the King's Majesty. You still communicate with your son, Reginald Pole! Despite him being a traitor. No doubt you plot new treacheries with him. How can you suposse that at my age, I am capable of plotting anything against anyone? I wish only to live a quiet life, away from this world. If the King in His mercy could show pity and forgive us. Madam, you have all been attainted for High Treason against His Majesty. The evidence is great against you. For what you deserve, you may well beg mercy, but whom shall say if it be granted or not. Grandmother, where are you? Grandmother! The Duchess of Milan is enchanting. I am singularly pleased. This picture makes Her look very pretty, very... full of life. Keep your hands off her, Charles! After our wedding, our younger sons will be enobled with the ancient Dukedoms of York, Gloucester and Somerset, and Princess Mary can marry Dom Luís. That's what you want, isn't it, Charles? An Imperial wedding. Just as Wolsey always wanted a french one. Everyone has an agenda! And what I want doesn't matter! The Poles have an agenda. People talk about that poor little boy in The Tower, and poor old Lady Salisbury. But let me tell you, they have Plantagenet blood in their veins! And my father told me, My father told me that if you leave even a sappling in the ground, one day it will grow into a tree! And that little boy in The Tower will have 40,000 troops flocking to his banner, and you will be the sucker! Fetch the king's physician. God's sake, man, run! Charles! Charles! My Lord, what news of the king? Have you heard? Is he recovered? - The king is dead. - The king's not... My Lord. - I must see the king. - "Must" I may see your nephew, the Prince, sometimes, but you prevent it. The king has lain ill for over a week. There has been no news about him. So, there are rumors. Some say the king is dead. That would suit you, wouldn't it? Since your nephew would be King. He is a child! That would be to no-one's use. Not to mine, not to yours, and not to England's. With your permission, Your Grace, I would like the opportunity to disprove those rumours. Very well. What in the name of God? This time, the ulce in his leg has failed to burst, as it has always done before. Then fetch the barber-surgeons to lance it. That might kill him! How is His Majesty? Double the guards around the prince. No-one is to be allowed access to him. Yes, m'Lord. Tell Sir Francis to take a detachment of the Guard to Hunsdon, so he and they may keep watch over the Princess Mary with their lives. For, if the ring dies, some will be for the boy, others for her. Yes, Your Grace. Oh, Lord! Lord. What shall I do? Mr. Cromwell, I bid you call for the surgeon-barbers. I will answer for it. Yes, Your Grace. Your Majesty, forgive me. Soft, now. How is the child? It is the sweetest, prettiest boy that ever lived. Keep him safe. - Mr. Cromwell... - Majesty. Have you spoken to Castillon recently? Yes, Majesty. What he said about Madame de Longueville? She has already got married... to the king of Scotland. She'll regret it... when she sees what the weather's like up there. The ambassador mentioned there are two other cousins of King Francis, potentially available to your Majesty. Marie de Vendome and Anne of Varennes. Apparently, Marie de Vendome has already announced her intention to become a nun, although Castillon thought that not necessarily an obstacle. How very french! I need pictures! Do you understand? I need to see them. I need to see the woman who's gonna be my companion for life. What of the negotiations with the duchess of Milan? There is the problem of affinity. As niece of the emperor, the duchess is, therefore, great-niece to Catherine of Aragon. In the past, such obstacles might have been overcome by Papal dispensation... Well, there's no question of that now! But, perhaps, as head of the church of England, the emperor will allow me... to make a dispensation. Yes, Majesty! Naturally! It'll take a good sport to make me feel amorous again. I thought your husband warned you to stay away from me? Oh, he did... but now he doesn't care. He said he couldn't be bothered to kill you. You know, the less I know about our husband, the more he fascinates me. See, I know, more or less, where most people stand. Like Suffolk, Cromwell... I know their true beliefs, even if they try to hide them. But Edward... Who knows what he truly believes. Would you like me to tell you? 'For Services Rendered'! You're not quite as good as you think you are. That'still pretty good. Tell me. He believes in himself. In his destiny. Prince Edward is the key to his destiny, nothing will stand in his way. He's a reformer? No, You can answer. I am too. I swear. Everyone knows I hate popery with a passion. That's why sometimes they call me the black pope. Hello! I've just been fucked by the pope! In Nomine Patris, et Fili et Spiritis Sancti. How does he think about Cromwell? That, I don't know... but... Did anyone ever discover who shot Robert Packington, M.P.? non temebo malem. Amen. My Lord Montague, I am here to help you... to a better place. You know I'm not guilty, you bastard. Only my brother is guilty, but you can't touch him, can you, so you have to kill the innocent. Your guilt has been established beyond question. There used to be procedures here, proper legal procedures in this country to establish who was guilty and who was not. But that's all gone, now. You don't even have to have a trial. So, since there is no judiciary, what's left is only tyranny. Where is my mother? Lady Salisbury is... here within The Tower. Please have a care for her, my Lord Bishop. Whatever she might have done, be it so offensive, she is an old and true woman, and has always lived under the precepts of God. I will have a... tender care for her, body and soul, my Lord. Trust me. You know, my Lord, this the truth... the King never made a man, but he destroyed him again. So take a care, my Lord. Come along! I like more the look of some of these french girls more than the others. But can the likeness be trusted? Could the artist not use some licence to either flatter the lady or please me? Even Mr. Holbein. How can I make a decision on them when I haven't met them in the flesh? Talk to Castillion. Majes... If Your Majesty might still choose to consider the simple but profound charms of Anne of Cleves, or of her sister, and of the benefits to you and this realm of a new alignment with The Protestant League. - His Grace, the Bishop of Winchester. - My Lord Bishop. Majesty. Your Majesty, forgive me, but it has come to my attention that certain Evangelicals are still preaching against the Six Articles of Faith, and Your Majesty's religious agreement. Mr. John Lambert is one such, who preaches, once a week, in London, to large audiences. Mr. Lambert denies the real presence of God in the Sacrament of Communion. Saying, rather, that it is merely a symbolic commemoration of the Passion of Christ. Then Mr. Lambert will be condemned in Christ's own words, who said: "This is my body." He will recant, or be burned. I will not patron heretics. Is there more? Perhaps, it is none of my business, Your Majesty, but I am told that Mr. Lambert is well known to my Lord Cromwell. It appears that they were educated together at Cambridge, and some six months ago, when Lambert was aprehended, on suspicion of promoting religious heresy, my Lord Cromwell had the charges dismissed. Thank you, my Lord Bishop. What news of the King's marriage to the duchess of Milan? Alas, princess, I think it is not to happen. The duchess is the great-niece of your mother, and so the affinity is too touch. Also, I think the lady does not want to marry the king Then... I shall not marry Dom Luis? They say the king may now marry a french lady, and you, one of the french king's sons. Surely, that would not please you? Anything would please me, my Lady, which made you happy. I'm afraid I was not born for happiness, Excellency. I hear Lady Salisbury is being kept in The Tower, and her son executed. It is sadly so. Her grandson, too, is being kept a prisoner. I am sure it is all Cromwell's doing. I should not say this to many people, Excellency, but I say it to you... as I agree with those who say he is messenger of Satan. I swear he has poisoned the King's mind! And if I could, I would strip him from the King's side, and burn him. His Excellency, the french ambassador. - Monsieur Castillion. - Majesty. We have been considering all these candidates for our hand. - There are so many! - Indeed, a warren of honourable Ladies. Quite... but the fact is, in the circumstances, because many of them appear attractive, I do not see how I can approach them individually. So... perhaps King Francis can assemble seven or eight of them at Calais, I could go there and make their acquaintance, all at the same time. No, it... it is not a french custom to send ladies of that rank, of such noble and princely families to be be passed in review, as if they were prize horses. Perhaps, if Your Majesty desires one of these ladies, You could send an envoy, to report on their manner and appearance, in the traditional way. Well, I trust no one but myself. The thing touches me too near. I want to see and know them before deciding. Maybe Your Majesty would like to mount them, one after another, and then pick the one you find "best broken-in"? Monsieur Castillon, You have ten seconds to get out of my court, or I will beat you like the dog that you are! - Mr. Cromwell. - Majesty. An incorrigible heretic called John Lambert is now imprisoned in The Tower and likely soon to be burned. I believe you know this man. I... KNEW him, many years ago, at Cambridge. Not since? Not to my knowledge, Your Majesty. And whilst you were at Cambridge, together, did you share some of his opinions? Tell me, Mr. Cromwell, what do you believe NOW? As the world stands, Your Majesty, I believe what YOU believe. So you think it right that he SHOULD be burned? Yes, unless he recants. Yes. Oh, I forgot! - What were their names, again? - Majesty? The sisters of the Duke of Cleves. Amelia and Anne. Amelia and Anne. Send someone to take a look at them. We'll have a second opinion. Majesty! Duke William will receive you now. Your Highness, the english envoys. - Gentlemen! - Your Highness. So... His Majesty, King Henry, is alife, and he is interested in my sisters. Yes, His Majesty has been persuaded of their... aimiability and of their suitability as royal consorts. Especially Anne, the eldest, who has been much praised in the King's hearing. I am not surprised. His Majesty would also propose the marriage of his daughter Mary to your eldest son, a liaison with the Protestant League, and the recruitment of a hundred seasoned cannoneers for His army. There is, then, gentlemen, much to discuss. Indeed... but first, we should like your permission to meet your sisters. Why? The King will expect us to report back on what we have seen. To say that we have NOT seen the ladies... would not exactly please him. He has also asked for a portrait of Anne to be sent back to him. Unfortunately, My Court painter, Mr. Cranack, is... ill... and indisposed. In that case, we can send over Mr. Holbein, who is an admirable artist. - Indeed. - Yes, perhaps... but you are going too quickly! What do you think my country is? A meat market? I will arrange with my chancellor for negotiations to commence. And you may have the opportunity, at some stage, of being presented to my sisters. Your Highness, we... We will meet... again. Good day, gentlemen. John! Thomas! How good to see you, and how excellently you've done in the world. I could wish our reunion was in some better place. I shall be quit of this place soon enough. On my way to a far better place. John, you do not have to die. All you have to say, to satisfy the King, is that after Consecration, the wafer and the wine are truly the body and the blood of Christ. But you and I know they are not. You don't have to believe it, you just have to say it! Ah, Thomas... I see now what it takes for a man to make his way in this world. He must make a practice of hypocrisy. There is no harm in indiscretion. And, believe me, I want to spare you the awful pains which have been prepared for you. Did Christ, himself, not suffer awful pains, Thomas? We do not need martyrs, we need living men, who will go on about quietly spreading the business of our reformation. Who will believe a word I say, if I alter my opinion on such a fundamental thing? John, I say to you, again, while you still have a free choice, will you live or die? My dear Lord Cromwell, I see that all this while, we have not been talking about me but about you. Not about my poor conscience, but about yours. I see that you are afraid of guilt by association, and would rather I purged my own soul. Alas... it is the only thing in this world I have left. I am sorry you choose not to save yourself. Get back, you rabble! Get back, in the name of the King! I'll pray for you! All for Christ! All for Christ! Majesty. Mr. Lambert has gone to his execution. And to Hell! Princess Mary begs you to spare the life of Lady Salisbury, Who, she says, was like a mother to Her. She was also a mother to Reginald Pole, whom even heaven can't forgive. Duke William says that... his painter is ill. He cannot furnish images of his sister Anne. Send Holbein. I must see her image. Majesty. Mr. Cromwell. Gentlemen! You have my permission to look upon my sisters. Your Highness! We cannot even tell which is Anne and which Amelia! Sirs, I am Anne. And I am Amelia, Your Honours. Your Highness, for our purposes... this is no good. No good? What? Would you see them naked? Have you not been praying, Lady? Your head is going to be cut off now. I don't want to die. I don't want to die. No, please don't hurt me! No. Don't. Don't. Don't hurt me. I don't want to die. I don't want to die! No! No, don't kill me! No! Oh God, save me! Oh God, help me! For God's sake, have some dignity. No, I don't want to die! - Eminence! - My child. My poor child. He's killed them. My brother, my poor mother... The King of England is the most cruel and abominable tyrant! Ah, there's no doubt, now, he must be overthrown by force. Better that he should die, than risk the Eternal Damnation of all his subjects! But there's nothing we can do. But we can! His Holiness is ready to promulgate the Bull of Excommunication. The Emperor and the French have made peace. They are now both willing to point their swords at England. They will withdraw their ambassadors, and prepare a fleet for invasion. And, the Holy Father expects you to return to The Netherlands and to France, - to assist the preparations. - No. No, please. Let me help in other ways. What? Do... tell me, are you frightened? Now, you should thank God that He has called your family to Heaven. You should not weep. So, what is belief? What is belief, if not belief in the Will of God! Do You think the Holy Father wants you to go to The Netherlands for his own sake? Don't you think He has asked God for guidance? Forgive me. Whe... Whe... When I was a young priest in Germany, my family's house was occupied by Lutheran mercenaries. I had a beautiful sister, whom I loved more than anything else in the world and, perhaps, even more than God. Well, they raped her, they cut off their breasts, they threw pieces of her to their dogs, right in front of my eyes. All of us... have burdens to carry, Cardinal Pole. Come on now, Master Paul.