I want you to deal with my cousin, the King of the Scots, to ensure that the Scots cease their... impertinence. I haven't seen you for a while. I trust you found something to amuse yourself when I was away? I missed your Majesty so much. I was just thinking of those who are no longer here to sup with us. I had a moment of nostalgia even for my enemies. We must agree on these plans for our much-delayed progress to the North. We shall take men-at-arms-since we mean to visit those parts of our realm which, not long ago, rose up in treacherous rebellion against us. You promise never again to make unlawful assembly. In return, his Majesty will grant you mercy. Your son, Edward. I can see your mother in you. Do you know who she was? This is her. And this is her thimble. You're a good boy. Katherine, I've come to tell you we're leaving in two days. - Mary will be accompanying us. - Must she come? Mary is a much-loved figure in the North where we mean to impress our subjects. The decision has nothing to do with you. There were these 2 gallants, they found a way to call upon Katherine and me. - Katherine with this Francis Dereham? - Yes! - What then? - They would be kissing. And the two of them would hang by their bellies like two sparrows. I want to see him again. I only urge your Majesty to be careful. What? Don't you think I know how to meddle with a man? I wanted to visit the Queen tonight. She looked so pure and beautiful today, don't you think? Jesus Christ! {\a3} Henry's Team {\a3}kiry, olaola. ::: The Tudors 404 VO ::: {\a3}www.sous-titres.eu {\a3}Tr: YYETS The King approaches! His Majesty's coming! Ready! {\a3}Attention! {\a3}Right turn! Ready! {\a3}Sir Ralph, my lords and gentlemen, I thank God at last, I've been able to come among my faithful servants in Yorkshire and the North. Allow me to introduce my wife, {\a3}Queen Katherine. {\a3}Your Majesty. And you know my eldest daughter, the Lady Mary. My Lady. Your Majesties, and all those with you, are welcome to Pontefract Castle. I trust your stay here will bring you both pleasure and profit. - Sir Ralph. - Your Majesty. Culpepper! I will sleep with the Queen tonight. Bring her to me. Majesty. The King seems in good spirits, your Grace. His Majesty is very well, Sir Ralph. He has both a new Queen and it seems a new lease on life. His progress here has been joyful. Crowds have come out to cheer him. Eminent men have made speeches to praise him. There will be men come here too now and in a while, who once wore the emblem of rebellion came now to express their shame for it. Welcome back to Pontefract Castle, your Grace. Forgive me. These walls must remind your Grace of other times. They do. I must confess to you, Sir Ralph, this hall is filled with ghostly presences that I should rather forget. For me, too. I know he was an arch traitor, but my Lord Darcy-Old Tom- he still seems to haunt these battlements. I half expect to see him on my way to bed. Tell me, truly. How do the people cope without their saints, their superstitions, their monasteries? There are some-a few- who still grumble at the empty niches in the churches, the absence of candles and prayers for the dead. But it seems with the death of Secretary Cromwell that the reforming zeal has slackened. Or has it? No one knows whether the King means to continue stripping the altars, or return to the old ways. They're afraid to open their mouths, in case they should say the wrong thing. It is not always easy to read the King's mind, Sir Ralph. Majesty. My Lady. - Lady Rochford. - Master Culpepper. His Majesty is ready to receive you. Later? Your Majesty, the Queen is here. Your Majesty. The Emperor and the King of France are on the brink of war. Surely your Majesty does not want to see me... at such a time. Why? Because... you have more important matters. More important than you? Yes. Let them have their war. Do you know who died here, in this castle? Plenty, I suspect. No. Important men. No. Richard the Second died here, after he was deposed. He was 33 years of age. They kept him here as a prisoner. They starved him to death. Poor ghost. He made the mistake of favouring lesser men over greater ones. For such mean creatures are determined not just to usurp the nobility, but to destroy us altogether. Sometimes, my Lord, it may be so. But surely the King is right where he gives offices and dignities to those with the right qualities? No. Those men that are made by the King of vile birth have been the distraction of all the nobility of this realm! And if God calls away the King, they will suffer for it! My Lord, be careful not to wish the King's life away. That is treason! Sir Thomas, I think your friend Surrey is snarling at you. His Majesty, the King! Mr. Sidwell, your Majesty. Your Majesty, we your humble servants confess that we wretches have most grievously, wantonly, and heinously offended Your Majesty in the most unnatural, odious, and distasteful acts of outrageous disobedience and traitorous rebellion. We beg your Majesty to rid your mind of any relics of indignation you might still harbour against us, and we pray henceforward to pray ceaselessly for your preservation, and for that of your queen and of your son, the Prince Edward, so God Almighty help us! I harbour no relics of indignation against you. And for these shows of loyalty I forgive you all your trespasses against us. Long live the King! The Lady Mary Tudor. God bless your Majesty! My Lady! My Lady! Wake up! Joan? What time... Look. God bless Lady Mary! I want you to say a prayer for his Grace, the King's Majesty.</i> We pray for his Majesty's long and blessed reign and for his good health. In the name of the Blessed Virgin whose only Son died in agony for our sins. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I bless all of you. All shall be well. All manner of things shall be well. Benedictus Deus. God bless his Majesty! Long live the house of Tudor! A woodcock. Good choice, Because... it's a cock. What is it? It's him! It is him, isn't it? Mr. Francis Dereham, your Majesty. Your Majesty. Mr. Dereham. Francis, please, Your Majesty. - Why have you come here? - I came to give you this. What is it? - A letter of recommendation from the Dowager Duchess. You remember the Duchess, don't you, your Majesty? Why do you need such a letter? I believe such a thing is obligatory if one is seeking employment. When you read it, you will see that since we last met I have held a number of responsible positions in the Duchess's household, for which she freely commends me. It is not possible for me to offer you employment... Francis. But why not? You must keep a large establishment. But do you have a secretary? I would make an excellent secretary. Surely you can understand why I cannot offer you anything? But you employed Joan Bulmer, didn't you? And she knows what I know, so... what is the difference? I was bound to notice that one of your ladies announced me. Does that mean you have no usher for your chamber? I am very sure you ought to, considering who you are. I can't... But you can, your Majesty. You are, after all, the Queen of England. You can do as you will. All right. Just take care what words you speak! Your Majesty. Your Majesty, the French Ambassador. - Excellency! - Your Majesty. You will not forget to convey to your master what you've seen here. Thousands of former rebels offering their supplication to their anointed King! I will, of course, convey these tremendous events to his Majesty. No. You will tell him, based on what you have seen, that it would be foolish to contemplate an invasion of this island in the mistaken belief that it is riven with religious discord and full of discontented men. Majesty, I am very sure that my master has no such plans. On the contrary, he regards England as his natural ally against the Emperor. Good, Excellency. Your Grace, what preparations are made for our visit to York? Majesty, chambers are being made ready in the former abbey of St. Mary, and furnished with your tapestries and plate brought from London. Tents are being erected in the Abbey grounds to accommodate your court and that of King James's court when he arrives. Good. Sweetheart, how are you? I am well, thank you, Your Majesty. I must tell your Majesty that today I appointed a new Private Secretary and Usher to my Chambers. What? Will you write letters now? - You don't mind? - Of course not. I've told you. You must do what you will. Thank you. Uncle. Uncle. Madam, your good health! Thank you, your Grace. Hello, Joan. Just like old times, eh? No. These times is different, Francis. You know that very well. Just imagine, Joanie! Our Kate, our little Katie is Queen of England. She's not our Kate anymore. She belongs to him. She belongs to the King And don't you forget it. Don't you ever get any ideas into that mind of yours. What kind of ideas? You know very well what I'm talking about. Those days are over, Francis. They're dead! This is a good living. This is the highest living you or I could ever dream of! For God's sake, don't spoil it. Not for us and not for her! So, where am I to sleep? Not here. Not with us! For heaven's sake, you must ask the King's chamberlain for a place. Do you understand? I suppose so. What's that? Just a kiss. For old times' sake! Who's there? My Lord Darcy. Your Grace. You're dead. Yes, but not yet at rest. The living don't know that the recent dead are always around them. We go here and there, to do penance, to make sure our relatives are well, while we await our second death. Why do you appear to me? I am among the Dead. I have joined the ghosts of all your victims, your Grace. But do not grieve too much, for they are not bitter. Even the children think of nothing but stopping this endless motion, this rushing here and there, like doubles of our earthly selves. And when we have settled all our accounts, the angels will come to take us to the place of rest. I wish you had not bothered me. But now I would not have you go. I am not really here. But I can see you and hear you. You are... Darcy. I am not Darcy! I am nothing! If you reached out your hand to touch me, it would find only air. I'm sorry that I betrayed you. Forgive me. Old Tom. I can't do that. The living are so selfish. They can think of nothing but themselves. Qui mihi discipulus puer es... Qui mihi... dis... Now, listen closely. When you have a tutor, you have to learn these things Edward. Cupis atque... Doceri... Cupis... Atque... doc...</i> - You want to go and play? - Yes, if it please you, sister. One day you will be a great King. I know you will be. And very strong. But also fair and merciful. I want you to be a just ruler, and then indeed you shall be a great King. Now... go along and play. Thank you, Elizabeth. And God bless you! Mr. Thomas Culpepper. - My Lady. Yes Majesty. - Your Majesty. Who is that? His name is Francis Dereham. But where did he come from? I knew him a long time ago. We both lived with the Dowager Duchess. She wrote to me recommending his services. How well did you know him? What are you trying to say? How well did you know him? We were children! You were never a child. - Ever! - You should know! Don't touch me! Don't ever touch me like that! Don't you know who I am? Or what I could do to you? You don't think you're the only one, do you? I have a store of other lovers beside you! Now get out! Get out! Your Majesty. Your Grace! Your Majesty The devoted clergy of your Majesty's Church of England, and the nobility and loyal gentlemen of York, welcome you most heartily. In gratitude for your Majesty's gracious pardon of our previous, and grievous, sins, we hope your Majesty will accept these purses of gold. We thank your Grace. We thank York! Is everything prepared for the King visit? Yes, Your Majesty. King James is waiting. I have sent messages of reassurance to him. Why? What is he afraid of? Does he think we're going to kill him? And it's the same one? The one who visited her at night? To whom she was promised? Yes, my Lady. It's the same gentleman. Can I interest you in this? He has not changed much. Was he always so familiar? That is his way. Lord help us. More wine, my Lady? - No. Thank you. - Come on. Just a little? One more. I said no, Mr. Dereham. Thank you. Christ! I'm going to bed. - Your Majesty. - Ladies? Come, Ladies. Ladies. Mr. Dereham. I don't know who you are, but you have no right to be so familiar with the Queen! Or blaspheme in her presence. Mr. Fell, I know the Queen of England a great deal better than you do. - I don't think so. - What do you mean"I don't think so"? Her name is Katherine Howard, and I've known her a long time. We used to be very close. Very close. Good night, sweet Edward. Lady Bryan! Lady Bryan! Come quickly! He has a fever. Feel his head. - Go fetch a physician. Run! - Yes Madam. - Send a message to my Lord Hertford. - Yes, my Lady. Poor lamb! Your behavior is a complete outrage. I want you to promise, that you will not speak of the Queen in ways which offend her proper dignity. Her dignity! I shall speak of her how I like. But you must not be so familiar. So familiar? Believe me, I am very familiar with her. For God sake's, man! Your bragging and your lies only harm yourself. My lies? You think that I am lying? Let me tell you something, Mr. Fell. I know Katherine Howard well enough, for I have had her by the cunt. My God, man! And I would know it among a hundred others. I want you to give him a message. Who, your Majesty? You know who! Tell him... - I must see him. - My Lady... Tell him there is a way into my chamber. Tell him to come tomorrow, when the King is asleep. What is it? Some kind of tertiary fever, my Lord Hertford. Is he in danger? Is his life in danger? Answer me! If the fever persists, then perhaps. We do have some remedies, my Lord. Shall we tell the King? If he felt obliged to curtail his progress and hurry back, only to find the Prince quite recovered... Apply your remedies. For God's sake and for the sake of peace in this realm don't let him die. It's very interesting. It's his cousin, is it not? Your Majesty. Good afternoon, ladies. Your Majesty. I am sorry, I have left you alone. I have had much to do with Council and other matters. My nephew, James, King of Scots, is due to visit here presently. We are to sign a peace treaty. And then we shall straight back to London. I promise. I am at your Majesty's command. Always. Now tell me, is there any sign that you may be with child? Gentlemen. I hear the King of Scotland is coming! York will be full of drunken Scots with their brawny arms and togas. What a boon for you ladies! Sit down, Mr. Dereham. - Did you send the message? - Yes. Will he come? We knew a Scot, didn't we? What was his name? Do you remember? What was it? Manox. You remember Manox? Sir? Mr. Dereham! Joan, you must remember Manox? I think you and he... That's quite enough, Mr. Dereham. Ladies. Your Majesty. Gentlemen. How dare you! I shall tell the King. He ought to know how beggardly his wife's servants treat her. Damn you, Fell! Damn you! Mr. Dereham! Stop it! Stop it now! What's that, my Lord? Oh, nothing. A trifle. I dare say the Earl of Surrey's "Trifles" will someday be regarded as some of our greatest poesy. Then I dare say your Grace can read it. It's a translation, in sonnet form, of one of Martial's epigrams. That is, of course, the Roman poet but that doesn't matter. It's about... the happy life. The Golden Mean. "The happy life be these, I find "The riches left, not got with pain "The fruitful ground; "the quiet mind "The equal friend; "no grudge nor strife "No charge of rule nor governance "Without disease, the healthful life "Wisdom joined with simplicity "The night discharged of all care." The quiet mind. The night discharged of all care. Wisdom joined with simplicity. My God, how I wish these things were true. Which of these, your Grace, do you not have? All of them. Then you are like me. And like all the Romans. And all the Barbarians. And all the generations before us... And all those yet to come. For who does not wish, or rest, with all their heart for the quiet mind? Tell me a single soul who has ever found it? You've changed your mind, then? No, no. I love you. I told you. I long for nothing so much as to see you. It makes my heart die when I can't see you. I love you, too. But this Dereham you have to get rid of him. Yes, I know. And I will. I promise. When we get back to London. You're not still angry with me? Please don't be angry with me. I want to be at your commandment. You know what I want. Do it! That's it. Ah, yes. That's it, my sweet. My own sweet little fool. Your Majesty's gift to the King of Scotland. Well! What do you have to say? Speak! Majesty, the King is not coming. He has gone back to Edinburgh. But worse! O that God could forgive them! A Scottish army has ridden over the border and is harrying our people, spoiling fields, burning barns, and killing all those who oppose them. Sir Thomas! Majesty. Order our troops to retaliate, with spoils, burnings and killings. Three hurts to every one of ours. Do you understand? Yes, your Majesty. I am straight away to that business. Majesty. What do you want? Speak or I will cut out your tongue! I am to tell you that your son, Prince Edward, is dangerously ill at Windsor. Your Majesty. Blessed Father, have mercy on my brother Edward. Qui sedes ad dexteram Patris Filim. Father. My Lord, send for the Bishop of London. Tell him to prepare a special Mass in the Chapel Royal, to give thanks to God for my son and for my wife. Yes, your Majesty. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. On this Day of All Saints, his Majesty wishes to thank God for blessing him with so perfect a companion... as Queen Katherine. In his Majesty's own words: "I render thanks to Thee, O Lord," "that after so many strange accidents "that have befallen my marriages, "though has been pleased to give me a wife "so entirely conformed to my inclinations as her "I now have."