It'll be better for us to pursue an alliance with the Emperor. - That would suit Katherine. - Leave the greater things to my care. Anyone can see that he isn't so much in love with her as he used to. - What's wrong with her? - Perhaps she's afraid. So long as they are both alive, I can't be safe. - I can just order their deaths! - You're crazy! Stop it! You're the Queen of England. Act like it! From now on, we must all be careful not to lose the King's love, or everything is lost. Sir John, you have an unexpected guest. Your Majesty, may I present my daughter, Lady Jane Seymour? The hours of my death draws fast on, and I commend unto you our daughter Mary. beseeching you to be a good father. Now I'm indeed Queen. The King of England has been carried far from the shore, but he does not know it. He thinks he can swim alone. Very soon, he will realize he is not swimming, but drowning. Have you told her about me? Why the hell not? If you'd read Greek, you would know that even gods had problems with their wives. You are determined to close every religious house in England. You are far too high-handed. You ought to be careful, or I'll have you cropped at the neck. I did not bring you up to quarrel - with those closest to the Crown. - I'm the King's wife. And you should remember how you got there! He fell in love with me. He respected me. Jane should come to court as Lady to Her Majesty. Thank you, Your Majesty. I am carrying the King's son. We are on the edge of a golden world! THE TUDORS Season 1 - Episode 8 Transcript VO: yyets. net Synchro VO: dmbmh Thank you, Edward. Sister. - Lady Jane? - Yes. Her Majesty is just coming. You are not to speak anything to her until you are invited to. Yes. Your Majesty... Mistress Seymour, will you place your hand upon this Holy Bible... And will you promise and swear to serve Her Majesty Queen Anne faithfully, honorably and discreetly. And will you promise and swear that your conduct will always be modest, virtuous and good, presenting at all times a godly spectacle to others? I do so promise and swear. Lady Jane. Your Majesty. The King. Your Majesty... Mr. Secretary. I managed with some difficulty to obtain a copy of the secret report of the autopsy on Katherine. - What was discovered? - That the internal organs were normal, except for the heart, which had a black growth, all hideous to behold, which clung closely to the outside. What could have caused it? Her doctor, who I trust completely, told me that such a growth was consistent with the evidence of poisoning. Had the body been properly examined, traces of it would have been seen. Poor Katherine. There is little need to pray for her. Her holy soul is in eternal rest. But... I worry for her daughter. Poor Mary. We shall talk later. Excellency. Your Majesty. I hear your master is to be congratulated. He has taken Tunis from the Turks. Your Majesty is very well informed. The threat of the Turkish invasion has indeed been lifted by the Emperor's victory. Peace will follow. Would it follow everywhere? Yes, pray God. Perhaps one day there will be no more need for war, or wars alarms. In the meantime, please convey my love and my congratulations to the Emperor. Tell him that... Tell him that, of all the princes in the world, I admire him the most. Cromwell! Now the Emperor has defeated the Turks, his armies are free to turn upon us. and a while ago, I swear he would have done so. But no longer. With Katherine's death the cause of our enmity is altogether taken away. And I have a new desire to renew my friendship with him. You will talk to Chapuys. You will find out the cost of friendship. Yes, Your Majesty. What of our reforms? The Bill for the dissolution of the larger monasteries will be laid before Parliament at the next session. Mr. Cromwell. Majesty. There was something else. I understand you have a wife and son. Yes. What's your son's name? Gregory. I had two daughters also. But... ... they died. You will bring your wife and son to court. I should like to meet them. Yes, Majesty. Your Majesty. If Your Majesty will follow me. Good people, Welcome. Here is the Queen's Majesty come, this Maundy Thursday, to give you alms and wash your feet, God bless you! God keep you! God in his mercy bless you and keep you. Will you look! This is twice as much as the old Queen gave! God bless you. Holiness, His Royal Highness, the King of France Majesty. You come to us as a pilgrim and a penitent. Surely you deserve heaven's graces. With all my heart, I welcome you to Rome... ... the Mother of our Church, When others fall by the wayside, through vanity, avarice or lust... you remain loyal to us, and to the truth of Christ. As a child to a father, I say to you here, in the presence of all these princes of our Holy Church, that I would gladly lay down my life in order to serve you, and in whatever way you choose. I have decided to carry out the Bull of Excommunication against King Henry of England. A father must always seek for ways to forgive his children, but Henry's crimes against us and against our faith are too profound to forgive. Moreover, he shows no repentance, no contrition. It's true. The King of England has always been the most difficult friend to bear in the world. He is continuously capricious. In which case, I am sure I can rely upon you to execute the Bull. - Holiness? - My son, surely you realize, if I excommunicate a fellow prince, then that prince is not only separated from God... but also from the communion of the faithful. His rule becomes invalid. And it is a religious imperative to overthrow him. You are a great Catholic Prince. You have armies. You have ships. You have guns. So I ask you, in all humility, as your Holy Father... Will you invade England? Will you remove and kill the apostate and will you return that country to our common faith? The Seymours are an old and interesting family. Sir John fought beside the King during his French campaign. He also has two sons: Edward and Thomas. I hear the first is steady and cold, the other rash. But both are ambitious, and greedy. Though they have all taken the oath, what is not yet known is how honestly or completely they have renounced the old religion. It is something we must hope, before long, to discover. And if we can? Then, the tide of their ambitions can be turned, and will ebb away, and we shall hear no more of them. His Excellency, the Imperial Ambassador. Your Eminency. You are most welcome. Please be seated. You are most gracious, Mr. Secretary. As I told you, His Majesty is most desirous to make an alliance with the Emperor. I believe also that such an alliance would be greatly to the benefit of this country. I have communicated with the Emperor. He, also, is eager to find a way to make a new and strong alliance. And to show his good will, I can tell you that he is willing to persuade His Holiness, Pope Paul, not to publish the sentence of excommunication against the King, which would have deprived him of his throne. I am sure His Majesty would wish to express his immense gratitude to your master. And in return? In the circumstances, after the death of his beloved aunt, Queen Katherine of England, the Emperor is prepared to offer the King his support for the continuation of his marriage to Anne Boleyn. But on condition that the King... declares Princess Mary to be his legitimate heir. I accept this is, in many ways, a most generous concession on behalf of the Emperor. He begs the King to understand it is as far as he is prepared to go. I will certainly put your proposal to His Majesty. With your approval? Even with my approval, Excellency, this may not be easy. - She's pretty. - Who? Lady Jane Seymour. She's new at court. Here. "If thou wilt mighty be, flee from the rage of cruel will, and see thou keep thee free from the foul yoke of sensual bondage." "The foul yoke of sensual bondage". I like that! Then you don't understand it or how cruel the will that drives it. Until you see the fruits of sensual bondage swinging from a rope. - Lady Jane Seymour? - Yes. Forgive me, for there is someone over here, a friend, who wishes a word with you. In private. Which friend? This way, my Lady. Jane. Your Majesty. I ask you only one thing: that you allow me to serve and worship you. As Lancelot served and worshipped Guinevere. Sweet gentle Lady, will you let me so? I will. May I kiss your hand? My Lady. Do you know them? Who? Know who? The Seymours. I may have met Edward, the eldest son. He's a cold fish. I don't know about the others. Are you afraid of them? Father thinks they may be secret supporters of Mary. Ah, Mary, Mary... It's a pity she's not keeping company with her mother. They tell me she is ill again, and that the King has given permission for her removal from Elizabeth's household, for her comfort. It's an act of kindness. No more than that. No. He's fond of her. He always was and he still is, though he pretends differently to my face. How ill is she? Very. So I am told. With a fever and constant vomiting. Then, with God's good grace, we may not have to meddle with her after all. The King has offered to serve you? Yes, father. I am not surprised. And it means he does not seek an easy conquest. He has formed an affection. What's important is that it should be carefully and assiduously nurtured. I must urge you not to submit yourself and yield your virginity to the King, however forceful his persuasions is. Jane does not need to be lectured on the need for virtue or modesty, when she possesses them in her nature. Still, imagine what it would mean for us, as a family, if he did grow to love her. I am certainly aware there are some at court who would like to see the Queen replaced. Wait! I thought... Are you saying that I should be Queen instead of her? Would you like to be? Tell me, Sir Henry, are you engaged yet to Lady Margaret? No, Your Majesty. I am... I have not so far asked for her hand. For God's sake, man! She's young. She's... She will give you more children, I know it. And I know it, Your Majesty. But... I was married before and, I must confess, I rather like the liberty of not being married again. That I can understand. You know what, Sir Henry? You're courting a young lady and I'm... We should joust together again, as we used to. You always did grace the tiltyard. We ran many courses against each other and broke many lances. We should do it again... and you can organize it. Soon. Majesty. Ah, sweetheart! What is it? Where have you been? I told you. I had meetings. Privy Council matters. - Until this hour? - Yes. The King's affairs never sleep. And what of your affairs? My affairs? You have just come from another's bed. No... Do not deny it! Very well. I shan't. What makes it worse is that you have not forsaken my bed for that of another woman, but for another man. Oh God! Oh my God! Oh my God! It's true! Oh, my God! It's disgusting! It's a sin. It's a sin against God. A sin against nature. And those who practice it are condemned by the Gospels to live forever in purgatory. Sometimes, my love, I think that with you... I'm already condemned to live in purgatory! For you, my lady. You have fine husband. Point for the Duke of Suffolk. Gentlemen, renew your lances Is Her Majesty not attending the tournament today? No. Apparently she's worried that the excitements of the tournament might harm her unborn son. Or so she supposes it to be. Personally, I hope she did not visit the same astrologer as before. Lady Jane... Your Majesty. I am about to go and joust. Would you do me the honor of allowing me to wear your favors? A point to the Duke of Suffolk. Match come to the Duke of Suffolk. His Majesty the King has entered the list and will now joust, à la plaisance, with Sir Henry Norris. Well done, Charles. - Well done, my love. - Thank you. Move, move! Is he dead, is he dead? Let others help him. You can't. Take him with all care into the pavilion, where I may serve him better. And pray for him. - Seymour! Boleyn! - Your Grace. Madam! Oh Madam! Madge. What is it? What's happened? - Madge, what's happened? - Oh, Madam, the King has fallen from his horse and has been crushed. They... they say he is likely to die. Mark... Say it is not so. Please no! Oh God! Please, say it is not so... His heart is very weak. I don't know if he will come back to us. - Will you bleed him? - I don't think so, your Grace. I do not see it would help him. His Majesty is now in the hands of God. Confitebimur tibi deus. Confitebimur et invocabimus nomen tuum. - Where are we going? - Back to Whitehall. Don't you understand anything? In such a crisis, all could disintegrate. So the centre has to hold. And we must hold it. Mr. Secretary. A letter from Dover, Sir. Mr. Secretary... - News? - There is no news. The King still shows no signs of life. - How long since the accident? - Almost an hour ago, Your Honor. Confitebimur tibi deus. Confitebimur et invocabimus nomen tuum. Narrabimus mirabilia tua. Cum accepero tempus ego iustitias iudicabo... What is to be done? I'm making preparations, in the event of the King's death, for the coronation of the Princess Elizabeth with your lordship's approval. She would be in a minority, but under the worship of her mother and with yourself as Lord Protector. And have you posted a guard on my Lady Mary? And closed the ports? All that is in hand. As are preparations for an emergency recall of Parliament. King's had no need of parliament in the old days! These are not the old days, my Lord. You know, I cannot think, whether it would be a bad thing, or a good thing, if he died. For, as Lord Protector, you would, ipso facto, be King of England. Your Majesty? Charles. Oh thank God. He's alive! Come on gentlemen, out, out! What's that? We must be grateful that his Majesty took no hurt in his fall. Yes, thank God. But it means that the safe production of a son from your womb is more than ever imperative. So I beg you to be always careful with yourself. Take no exertions or excitements. Shut yourself away as much as you can from the world. I wish there was a way I could remove Mistress Seymour from among my ladies. But I dare not. I think it would anger the King. This is what I mean. If you fret about such little matters then your thoughts may poison the child inside you. It is not a little matter to me. It is for now. Afterwards, when you have given the King his great desire, then you will have all the power to deal with her as you like. Think that I am the angel come down to tell you that you carry the Christ child in your belly. - What is it? - Because of the fall this old wound on your leg has re-opened, and an ulcer has formed. - Can you heal it? - Most certainly, Majesty. But for now you must wear a dressing and have the leg bound up. Though Your Majesty is still a young man, you are not as young as used to. In those days, you could joust a whole day and not feel the effect... I have a message from the King for your daughter,</i> and for her ears alone. Ah! Jane. - Your Grace. - Lady Jane. His Majesty is pleased to send you this letter. And this purse. He commends you to accept these gifts in the spirit in which they're offered. I am so happy you're well. I was so alarmed, so afraid. So was I... when I thought that through my foolishness you might lose the child. Your foolishness? It was a mistake to think I could behave as I used to. In any case, those carefree days are gone. Our daughter was brought to court. And everyone admired her. I think she will be a great beauty. Of course she will. Look at her mother. Will you not ask King Francis to reconsider his refusal? If we delay much longer to find a good marriage for Elizabeth, people will talk, even more than they do already. Why do you talk of Elizabeth, when Mary is not yet betrothed. Surely you have more of a care for your legitimate daughter? Charles! What did she say? She returned the letter unopened, and the purse both. She said that she has no greater treasure in this world than her honor, and that if you want to give her money, she praise you might do so when she has made an honorable marriage. She has behaved herself in this matter most modestly. His Excellency the Imperial Ambassador. Excellency. I wondered if you had put the Emperor's proposal to the King? Not exactly. I wish with all my heart that we could reach a speedy accommodation. However, in the question of legitimizing the Lady Mary, there remains one great obstacle. You mean the Queen? I know she hates the Emperor as Katherine's nephew. They say that when she was told of his victory over the Turks, she looked like a dog being thrown out of a window. But what can we do? If there is an obstacle in our path, Excellency, we must find a way around it. Lady Jane. Majesty. I pray you come closer. Closer still. Here... sit on my knee. Don't be afraid. I respect your honor, believe me. In the future, I will not see you unless your other family members are present. I just had to see you now. Yes, Your Majesty. Your favor saved my life. - No... - Yes! As I lay there, your image came to me, and I awoke with this promise. What should I say? Will you let me kiss you, Jane? Once more. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! What is this? What is this? Just when my belly is doing its business, I find you wenching with Mistress Seymour. Sweetheart. Jane, you had best leave. Why are you doing this? Why did you have to do this? Peace... Stop it! Two knaves... Two queens and a king. You win. Do you think I should go and see... Let her sleep. What is, Your Majesty? - The baby... - My God! My boy! Get some help. - Hurry. - No... no... You have lost my boy. I cannot speak of it, the loss is too great, but I see now that God will not grant me any male children. When you are up, I will speak with you. It is not all my fault. You have no one to blame but yourself for this. I was distressed to see you with that wench Jane Seymour. Because the love I bear you is so great. It broke my heart to see you loved others. I said I will speak with you when you are well. It's true... what they have whispered. I shut my ears to them, but now I know it to be true. I made this marriage seduced by witchcraft. And for that reason consider it to be null and void. And the evidence is that God will not permit us male issue... so now I believe, with all my heart,