kiry, khillaree, neuceu, mytom, olaola. Cheerleader: Blek L'Andouille. Guest Star: ricorod. - Master Holbein! - My Lord. I've... I've a commission for you. The Duke of Cleves has given you permission to paint his daughter, Anne. You should leave at once. There're so many pressing things and you've time to talk about a painting? This is no ordinary painting, A great many things hang upon it. To that effect, however you should find the lady, whatever her actual appearance, I pray you use your art and give her at least a pleasing countent Even if she is as ugly as sin? I truly hope she is not so. But still, you wish me, if necessary to lie? Surely, all art is a lie, master Holbein. My Lords, since the signing of the Treaty of Toledo Between the French king and the Emperor There've been vital and unavoidable signs of their mutual preparations for war Against this realm. You know in this how much they've been urged on by the Vicar of Rome and now we hear competent reports of fleets Gathering at Antwerp and Bologna. And of an army of the Netherlands. Furthermore, the French and Imperial ambassadors Have been recalled by their masters. My Lords, we've not been idle under such provocations Defence forces have been mastered and beacon set along the coast for warning. Work has also begun building artillery forts facing the English Channel. In the North, we have strengthen our borders against the Scots. And His Majesty's fleet warships has been provisioned. Foreign vessels are being forbidden to leave these shores without Royal permission. My Lords. How can anyone doubt that the Pope, that pestilent idol, that enemy of truth, the usurper of all princes, is now conspiring to corrupt England's religion and strip her of her wealth. My Lords, at such a time, it is good for me to be amongst my people. I'll visit all the places where the barricades and the defences of the realm are being built for the encouragement of my troops. And to my enemies' terror. My Lords. Your Majesty. It seems we are threatened from everywhere, Sir Francis. Scotland, Spain, the Low Countries. We are like a morsel among these choppers. I'll tell you something else. According to Cromwell's agents, Just two weeks ago, Cardinal Pole left Rome in a secret mission. Shall we be after him again? As soon as we've more news of his whereabouts, we shall. Sharpen your knives. Your Grace. - My Lord. - Can we talk? - In private? - Sometime. Not now. Mr. Holbein has sent this portrait of Anne de Cleves, your Majesty. She is pleasing. Has our ambassador been able to see her properly? Yes, Sir John has written to me in great praise of the princesses person. He writes, "she's incomparable and excels the Duchess of Milan as the golden sun excels the silver moon". Majesty, if I may. Marriage to the Duchess of Milan is no longer an option. Nor since the Emperor and the French are in league against us. Or any of the French women. Your Majesty is beset by enemies. Marriage to Anne of Cleves would bring with it the military and financial support of the Protestant League. What? - What's it? - Enemy ships, flying the Black Eagle. Give it a look. It's appeared on the ships. For Lord's sake! Light the beacon! Hurry! Light it! God save us! Duke William, his Majesty is much taken by the portrait of your sister, Anne. He encourages you to send ambassadors to England to conclude the negociations including the question of your sister's dowry and so on. Once again, his Majesty is premature. But surely, your highness... I think the king should come to me publicly And on bended knee to beg for my sister's hand. And for the protection of the League. In any case, Anne was already promised, formerly to the Duke of Lorraine's son. And I don't see how I can break that promise - or keep my honor. - Your highness, if true, this is most unexpected and unwelcome news. That is because you expected from the start to have your way with Cleves and my sister. But my country is not a brothel and my sister is not a whore. Well... If your master truly desires to have an alliance, then he must demonstrate his respect for my country... and put a better price on my sister's virginity. Make way! Thank you. Come on. Message for His Majesty! Majesty. From Sir Thomas Chaining, warden of the Sank Ports. Your Majesty, Lords of the Council, this morning we counted 68 Imperial ships in the Channel. I sent out two ships and afterwards my bowmen were taken aboard the Imperial flagship and shown every courtesy by the Admiral. He said his fleet was bound for Spain, and not England. That he meant no harm to either us or our coast. If they doubt this word, they ought to see How poorly armed the ships were. Quick more like merchantmen, That hold both the provisions for Emperor's voyage to Constantinople. The Imperial ambassador, your majesty. I thought you'd been recalled. There was some talk, your majesty. But I had no desire to leave here, Not that I think there was any cause. Of course. But your master and the French king have formed an alliance against me. There appears to have been preparations for an invasion encouraged by the Vicar of Rome. Your Majesty, I've been in this job for a long time, I know when to believe what I am told, and when not to. Which is most of the time. Although the Emperor publicly embraced the French king, And even gave him the Order of the Golden Fleece from around his neck, He still continues to hate him. More than any other enemy, my master fears the Turks. And yet the French are in league with them. How is such behavior from another Christian Monarch to be forgiven? Then they are no longer in the alliance? The accord has already broken down. Which means that the Duchess of Milan is once more available for your Majesties bed. It's to late, Mr. Chapuys. Tell me, am I to be relived that once more, I've been used as a pawn in a game between your master and the French King? I tell you this here and now, I've had enough, Mr. Chapuys. I've had enough. You may leave. I'm surprised to see you back so soon, Excellences. We have good news, your Highness. How so? His Majesty so desires to marry your sister, Anne, That he is willing to forfeit the requirements of a dowry. - He wants nothing? - Only his new bride, in the shorter time as possible. His Majesty will also pay your Highness a considerable stipend for introducing him to the League. However, we recall that your sister is already promised to the son of the Duke of Lorraine. Yes, that was indeed a great obstacle. However, on closer consideration we have discovered that the contract was never ratified. And so is not binding in law or any other way. So your sister is free to marry the king? I will send my ambassadors to England to conclude the negociations. Gentlemen. What's this? Cromwell's agents, finally intercepted a letter from Cardinal Pole. He was on his way to Rome. I have managed to decode it. May I see? To Cardinal Von Waldburg. Supposed to travel to Paris, to meet King Francis. Have already written, telling him I found the Emperor very sympathetic to my mission. But fear it is not so. The Emperor fears the Turk more than king Henry, so I believe he will not act against him. So, postpone journey. Will go instead to papal city of Carpentras. I wait further instructions from his Holiness. Have you ever been to Carpentras? No... but I'm dying to go. The Duke of Sufolk, My Lord. Your Grace. To what do I owe this honor? I'm here to congratulate you. The king has made you Earl of Hartford. And I believe it is time to patch up our past quarrels and difficulties. We have better quarrels to be added. I am happy to agree with your grace. - Drink? - Please. Please. I am commanded to meet the Princess at Calais. Great, many things hang up on this marriage, do they not? The King's happiness, for one. And my Lord Cromwell's reputation. What a pity if all should go awry. I would have pity for the King. But on the other hand? - Salut! - Salut! So, he is marrying a Lutheran heretic? - So it seems. - And I shall marry no one?! - My lady... I... - No, I prefer it. Do you suppose I'd like to be married off to the Dukes brother, or some heretic cousin of his? I would prefer to live in a nunnery. Like, you don't know what to think of the King, He burns one Lucifer, and then marries another? If God so wills it, she might drown at sea. Chequers, Calais English Occupied France. Gentlemen, we bid you welcome to Calais on this most auspicious occasion. "Danke." May I present to you, His Grace, the Duke of Suffolk. Your Grace, I'm honored. I am Herr Hoghesten, and this is Count Olisleger. "Hallo!" And here, is she, Her Highness Princess Anne. After a long time, my God! Your Highness. Good day, your Grace. I'm afraid the bad weather will prevent our sailing for a few days. I understand. Perhaps your Grace could... help me to explain how the English are eating? Of course. And maybe... show me some things the king likes to do? His Majesty likes to play cards and gamble. - Do you play? - No. I think, only the men play the cards in my country. And, is it not bad to gamble? Only if you can afford to lose. We'll play Piquet, it's not hard to learn. Das ist gut. There are 4 suits of cards. Spades, clubs, diamonds and hearts. Hearts? You play with hearts? Sometimes. And here we have aces, kings, queens and knaves. Then all the Court is here, ja? Does the king always win? His Majesty does not like losing. What have they told you about the king? Why? What is it I should know? Carpentras Papal Enclave of Venaissin - You are Francis Bryan? - You can take us to the Cardinal? Si. Yes. Come quickly. He is with us. Where is the bastard? Sorry senor. Prego, go with God my sons. We'll never catch him. It's a waste of time. Perhaps not. Holy Mary pray for us... and deliver me from my ennemies Amen. - You didn't see her face? - No Your Majesty. But she plays cards as pleasantly and with as good a grace as any other noble woman. She's come to Rochester. I'm due to meet her in three days time. I tell you I'm more impatient than ever to see her. What of Sir Francis Bryan? He and Sir Thomas Seymour are now to Carpentras. Where Cardinal Pole is supposed to be hiding. It appears he has grown fearful of assassination. He's every right to be so. I swear that man should be flamed alive and I should wear his skin as a shirt. He will doom the day he allowed the Pope to use and to threaten me. I tell you, I cannot abide this waiting. It's been a long time. I need to nourish love. - I can understand. - Can you? I want to possess this woman And I haven't even seen her. She's a complete stranger to me. What if I can't? What if you can't... what? Broom. - Majesty. - Fetch the master of the horse, I live for Rochester immediately. Go! Make way! Dismount! Tell the lady a gentleman has come to see her, bearing a New Year's gift. I'm here to welcome you to my realm. I trust you are comfortable here? Before your journey to London. Thank you, Your Majesty. I'll see you in London. I should have taken more lessons from the Duke. English manners are very different from ours. I like her not! Do you understand me? I like her not! Call a meeting of the Council. It seems, that Princes in marriage suffer more then poor men. Since they have to take what is brought to them, while poor man are at liberty to choose. I have been deceived about Anne of Cleves. She is nothing like what was reported to me. Nothing! She looks like a horse! A furless mare! Your Majesty will remember that it was Sir John who described her as being like a... I never saw her properly, which was not my fault. I carried out my commission as best I could, and I told you I was no good with women. My Lord Cromwell. Do you deny that you spoke to me of her beauty? Of the desirability of my marriage to her? No. Your Majesty. And if I had misled your Majesty and His Council by commendations based on false reports, then, I am truly sorry for them. If I had known what I know now, she would never have been brought here! What remedy Mr. Cromwell? Your Majesty have to say that there is none. That's the case, you've been following the Cleves agenda since the beginning. Go on. Today, the Emperor is the guest of the King of France. They have renewed their alliance. If we now reject our German allies, then England will remain alone and friendless and at the mercy of the King and Emperor. Your Majesty, if you break this marriage contract now you risk the possibility that even Duke William himself might retaliate against us. I am sorry that your Majesty has no better contempt. I'm not well handled, Sir Cromwell. Majesty. Milady. I am here to welcome you to what is yours. Your Majesty is very gracious and I am very happy. My daughters, Princess Mary... The Princess Elizabeth. For you... I think they are pretty. Thank you Princess. I think you are pretty too. I shall love them both. I like her not. But it seems Your Majesty must marry her. Who says I must? Cromwell? I have my lawyers working on it. The betrothed can be prevented on two grounds: Either the German envoy fails to bring the commission from the Duke authorizing them to conclude the legalities of the marriage, Or they can't provide written evidence that her betrothed was formerly revoked. Either way I can get out of it. I wish in my heart that your majesty is successful. It seems to me that my lord Cromwell is to keen to stress there's no remedy. The marriage was his idea. There were other candidates. The Duchess of Milan is supposed to be the most desirable woman in the world! Instead of which... Perhaps, in this matter, Lord Cromwell... has overreached himself. Perhaps. Oh God! If there is no remedy I must put my neck into this yoke. I'm sorry Lord Cromwell, I didn't see you, I... I was talking to God. But surely say you have to go to church for that. Do you understand nothing about Reforms? God is not just in church, he is... everywhere. We do not need priests to speak for us. We can... speak to Him ourselves, and He will listen. There's no need for bells, and books and candles. All you need is... your soul. Now go away. Think. Wait! Today is the fifth of the Epiphany, and my wedding day. So, there is no legal remedy? None that it was possible to discover, Your Majesty. I am not well handled. I think when Your Majesty gets to know the lady better... I don't want to know the lady better Mr Cromwell! The notion of it repulses me. My Lord, if it were not to satisfy the world and my realm, I would not do what I must do this day for no earthly thing! Shall we to bed? Majesty. How does Your Majesty like the Queen? My Lord, I didn't like her very much before, I like her much worse now. She is nothing fair and has evil smells about her. She's no maid because of the looseness of her breasts and other tokens. So I had neither the will nor the courage to prove the rest. I have no appetite for unpleasant airs. I left her as good a maid as I found her. And now my Lord, leave me. I'm very busy. Speak out! - I couldn't sleep. Who is there? - No one. Go back to bed. Should I come to you later? If you could still be my sweet Charles. I am as good as I may be. Can't you take me as I am? I love you Catherine. I have drained to the pus from Your Majesty's wound. Your Majesty should feel no more pain. I expede to God. Forgive me, but is Your Majesty troubled by... other things? I have been unabled to consumate my marriage with Lady Anne. I find her body in such a sort, disordered and indisposed, that it doesn't excite me or provoke any lust in me. Have you heard any rumors of it? Not at all, Your Majesty. It has not anything to do with my virility. Indeed, these last nights, I have had pollutione and nocturne in somno. Two nocturnal emissions... You see, I know myself perfectly able to... perform the act with others, just not with her. With her I have no appetite to do what a man should do with his wife. - My Lord Cromwell? - Majesty. May we speak alone? Alone? Oh, yeah. Of course. My Lord. Madam, I've come on a delicate matter, forgive me. I... must warn you againt antagonizing the King. I must remind you of the expediency of doing your utmost to make yourself agreable... to him. Sir... I am not sure how I given His Majesty offence. It is in your interest and in mine to make your marriage to the King a sucess. If for example, you were... to find yourself, quick with child... I'm sorry to talk in such intimate matters, but... You are the Queen of England, you have nothing private anymore. How am I to become quick with child when the king leaves me a maid? I am not the Virgin Mary! You say I have nothing private, Then I say you it is not all pleasing. I would do anything the King wants, but sometimes, The score on his leg is bad. It oczes blood and pus. And it smells. It stinks. It smells, yeah? You understand? Now, I am sorry, My Lord. I will go on, doing all that I can to make myself agreable to His Majesty. He is always gracious and kind. Majesty. Madam, how do you find the king? Why, he is most kind and solicitousness, Lady Bryan. When he comes to bed, he kisses me. Takes my hand, bids me "good night sweetheart". Then, in the morning, he kisses me again. And says: farewell darling. My lady, we all hope you'll be with child soon. I know very well, I am not. But, how do you know you are not? I know it well, I am not. I think your Majesty is a maid still. He must put his member inside you and stir it. Or else we'll not have a Duke of York, which is all this realm desires. I am contented Lady Bryan. I received as much of the king's attention as I wish. I know no more! Lady Bryan?