for an invasion of France. While I'm in Boulogne, Queen Katherine will act as regent. Indeed, I suspect Her Majesty of being a secret Protestant and I intend one day to prove it. Majesty, the French consider their strong ramparts and double walls - invulnerable to our artillery! - We shall see. We've enough cannon to conquer hell. Fire! The Emperor's forces are at present besieging the fortresses of Luxembourg and St. Didier. We'll break our siege first then advance on Paris. Mr. Latimer, I have a mind to appoint you chaplain to my household. Are you absolutely sure? You must know my reputation. Queen Catherine has appointed Hugh Latimer - as her private Chaplain. - And I thought someone said she was an intelligent woman. - Why won't you release me? - You'll fight against us. - I'll kill you. - You're my prisoner. I'll even get a ransom for you. I intend to dig three tunnels. One here, at the town wall. We could be under the castle and detonate a huge explosion in three weeks. Two weeks. What do you think of Senor Treviso? - The builder of tunnels. - Do you think he's mad? He's not the only one. I regret to inform you of the deaths of ten of your Majesty's soldiers. They all died of the bloody flux. There is an outbreak of the disease throughout your army. God alone knows how many it will take away. Henry's Team Tr: YYets Fire! Reload. Stand ready! Good God! Did you not find anything to eat? There's nothing to find. The whole countryside for miles and miles is stripped of every sheep, cow, pig, hare, of anything edible. French peasants came up to us, for a piece of bread because children are dying for want of food. It's not their little ones I worry about. It's my own soldiers. It's a pity the French'll not come out and break lances with us, as they used to do. Then I could truly fancy I was Lancelot Du Lac. Instead of sitting here in our own shit and starving to death! Except for the bastards who try and run away! Forward! Reload! Run! Run! Stop! Stop! Wait! Don't move. Dai! Tornianno a lavorare. We do not have time to be afraid, my friends. Go, back to work. Do you know where we are? The castle's still three hundred feet away. Christ! How many men have died of the flux? - So far? - Two thousand. And a further three thousand are sick with it and not fit to fight. The sick are using up our limited resources. In my opinion, they should be separated from the well and transported back to England. I would have to that several ships from my blockade! What's the cause of this bloody flux that so unmans us? Your Majesty, there is much disagreement as to causes. Some say it is the result of lack of supplies. Others, by contrast, say it comes of greed, they have gorged themselves on unripe fruit and shellfish when they first arrived. What is certain is that there is no way known to man to stop its spreading infection. If the siege should continue for much longer, A great portion of Your Majesty's army will soon be dug into the fields of Boulogne. I will not hear anymore about it! You are as much my enemy as the French, since you seek to demoralize, to lie about our weaknesses, and to spin tales of sickness. These men are not sick from the flux but from cowardice! And I will not send cowards home! They will either fight or I will hang them by the wayside. You! Get them from their sickbeds back into that trench, or I will make you a head shorter. Yes, your Majesty. And in the future tell me the truth! Perhaps the initials of these names... Bishop Gardiner asks for an audience. Send him in. Come, ladies. - Your Grace. - Your Majesty. I have come to hear if there is any fresh news of the King and his affairs? The King is very well and in the best of spirits. He has never seemed happier. We all pray for the King's life and his success. There is one matter I should discuss with your Majesty, since you act as Regent in his absence. Go on. Having discovered a nest of heretics among the King's musicians and destroyed it, we discover that there are heretics even in the King's privy chambers. Of whom do you speak, My Lord? The King's barber and the royal cook. We have evidence to draw up... this draft indictment. All that we require is your signature. My Lord, I praise you for your diligence in these matters. But I do not think it proper to arrest men so close to the King's person-without first asking him. There is one other matter. We have heard rumors of an outbreak of plague near Windsor. So I have decided to invite the Prince Edward to come here to court and stay with me. As you wish. You! Move yourself! Sergeant, over here! Right, men! All you boys, let's have you now. Move it, move it! Raise the light, boys! In return for your cooperation, I allow your father to escape. My cooperation? You must promise not to try and escape yourself. My father agrees. Thank you. He must go now. Release him outside the camp. Together now! Come on, up on your feet! - What about water? - Fire! How are things, Harry? Good. Here... Here's some food. - That's your food. - You need it more than I do. I just sit outside and watch the seagulls. Go on, take it! Eat it. And the horses! The horse is magnificent. I bid you most welcome, My Lord Hertford. Your visit here confirms your confidence in the Queen's Regency! Majesty, I have heard nothing but praise in all quarters for her dedication and skill in matters of state. She has great clarity of mind, and a woman's touch which soothes and cures where a man would usually rush into anger and complaint. - And the boy? - Prince Edward is well and healthy. - A toast to his health! - To the Prince. What is it? Your Majesty, I have received word that the Emperor has seized both the fortresses he was besieging, and has taken fifteen hundred enemy prisoners. What did I tell you? I never trusted your methods. Everything has taken too long. You don't know how to handle the soldiers! I swear to God I could have told you. Siege warfare makes men idle and bored. They get soft. Isn't that right, Your Grace? - The men get soft. - It's true, The camp is swarming with prostitutes. But considering the conditions... I want to make sure of the troops' good behaviour in case of an assault. We shall explode one of the charges under the castle walls prematurely without warning. We can observe the temper of the troops in a sudden crisis. Majesty, please. Listen to me, I beg you! We are only days away from mining under the castle... For the love of God, please. So many, many lives lost and for what? Majesty, give me two days. This is your food. Isn't it? What about the people in the town? What are they eating? Their cats. If they have cats. Why did you let my father go? I questioned him. He couldn't tell me anything useful about the town's defenses. And I can? Why are you keeping me here? Are those muskets prepared? Lady Mary. I wanted to show you my translation of Erasmus's "Gospel of St. John." It is only started. But it is dedicated to you... Since I know how much our faith matters to you. Thank you, Lady Mary. I am deeply touched. Come! This is so nice for me To be with all three of you together. Which I think is as it should be! Edward! I'll catch you! Prince Edward! A little decorum, please! - Edward! - Come here, your Grace. Now, tell me, you love the Lady Bryan, don't you? I think she loves you too But I think that it is time you were breeched from the Lady Bryan and her nurses. You are old enough to be placed with your tutors, don't you think? I suppose so. Don't worry. There'll be other boys too. There'll be the Duke of Suffolk's son Henry. It won't be all learning languages and scriptures. You'll also learn tennis and fencing, music and dance. That will be fun, won't it? Good night, Prince. Lady Bryan, thank you. - Good night, your Majesty. - Good night. - Good night, your Majesty. - Good night, Lady Mary. Come here. Let me hug you. I expect great things of you, and I shall not be disappointed. I hope not. Now off to bed, sweet girl. Mistress Ashley, a moment. Anne. I believe that I can trust you. I think that your family are reformers. Yes. Lady Elizabeth's mother, Anne Boleyn, was also a Lutheran and a reformer. I suppose it is my duty, therefore, to bring the daughter up in the mother's faith. Would you have any objection to that? None, your Majesty. I should be proud to help her thus honor the memory of her mother, whose life-and whose faith... Too many so easily disparage. Good. Then I will appoint as her tutor Roger Ascham. He is also one of us. Mistress Ashley, this conversation never happened. Good night. Good night, Your Majesty. - What? - I broke my promise. I escaped. But I came back. You've got blood on your head. Thank you, all of you. It has been an honor and a privilege to have worked alongside men such as you. Grazie. God be with you. Grazie. God bless you, sir. Grazie mille. Go. Clear the way! Move for the cannon! Come on Girolamo, come on. Go! Run! Run! He lied to me! He's a charlatan! Girolamo's mad again! Go! Run! No! - Girolamo! - Save yourself! Get in here! They're injured in the mine! We found somebody! Quickly, get him out! Go on! Go on, sir! England! The wall is down! Victory! Is there anyone else? Are there any others? - Is there anyone else alive in there? - No. England! Section Commanders, form up! Form up your men! Prepare to take the city! Forward! Yes. Children! Lady Mary! There is great news from France! The king has taken Boulogne. He is safe and triumphant. Your father is a hero! He has captured Boulogne! I'm certain he'll be home very soon. How wonderful. Most victorious Prince, as Governor of Boulogne, I have no choice but to surrender the keys of the town. Monsieur. I trust your Majesty will allow the inhabitants of the town and its unarmed garrison to leave unmolested and in safety. I do so swear, on my honor. Although you and your company, despite God's will, and contrary to all justice, withheld from me a town which, being a noble part of my inheritance, belonged to me. Well, I congratulate your Majesty. You have captured one of the most beautiful town in France. In their great necessity, many of them ate horseflesh. Did you see them go out? Even the priests were thin! So, my Lord Hertford, was it well done or not? Was it not God's will that we should reclaim part of our just rights and inheritance? The capture of Boulogne will live forever in the hearts of all Englishmen, ad the eighth Henry as well as the fifth, in the glorious annals of our realm. I call Boulogne "our daughter." And I am the "King's Highness of Boulogne!" Hertford. Majesty. A toast! To all. To all! And to victory. And to victory! Your Majesty. Your Grace. Your Grace, I have much to thank you for. You have distinguished yourself above all in this campaign. I am grateful to your Majesty. And now, I assume, we are march on Paris? Why would you assume that? Forgive me, I don't understand. I thought that was the purpose of the pact with the Emperor. Do you suppose we should march on Paris with half an army, with thousands of sick soldiers, and in winter? No, your Grace, right now, Boulogne is now far more important to me than Paris, than ten Parises! No, we shall back to England. We have gained here a singular victory. And I mean to hold onto it. I shall leave Surrey in command of the town. - Surrey? - Yes. Is that a problem, your Grace? No, your Majesty. Your Grace. I'm sorry. Am I free to go? Yes. You're free to go. You didn't ask for a ransom? No. Then, do you think I'm not worth anything? You... are worth everything. Come back with me. Where? To England. As your mistress, your French whore? No. Then what? Je t'aime Je t'aime. C'est tout. My Lady. Your Majesty, it makes me so glad to see you so well and happy. And returned safe, thank God. And victorious, thank God! And victorious. Bishop. Gentlemen, for all this celebration, I am very worried about our state of affairs. The King's enterprise has bankrupted our exchequer. Is that not correct, Sir Richard? We're at our wit's end to know how to get revenues to pay for the campaign, or even shift for the next two or three months. We are at war with France and with Scotland. We have the enmity of the bishop of Rome. We no longer have assurances of friendship with the Emperor. This war has proved noisome to the realm and disastrous for our merchants. Gentlemen, God help us, we live in a world where... reason and learning no longer prevail and covenants are little regarded. And where it seems even our Queen is a heretic. It's true. And it will be God's work to destroy her. Your Excellency. Your Grace. Your Majesties, you should know that, due to my infirmity, I have applied for a recall to Spain and am even now am awaiting the Emperor's permission. Madam, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you, on behalf of his Majesty the Emperor, for all that you have done for the Lady Mary and for fostering the friendship between England and Spain. Excellency, what I have done for the Lady Mary is much less than I would like to do, as well as being my duty in every respect. And as for the friendship between our two countries, I have done and will do nothing to prevent it from growing still further, as the friendship is so necessary and both sovereigns... so good. As are you, my Lady. Excellency! Majesty. I hear your Master has signed a separate treaty with the French. Is it true? I asked you if it was true! Is it so hard a question, Eustace? Yes, it's true, your Majesty. And why should he do that? We were supposed to be allies. I believe his Majesty had no choice. He had spent too long besieging the town of Luxembourg; His army was riddled with disease. He still should not have done it! Behind my back! I trusted him and he betrayed me. Your... You defended and excused him your whole life! He is not to be trusted... And you should be relieved that you no longer have to lie on his behalf. You have my permission to leave my court. I wish you a long and happy retirement, your Excellency. Your Majesty. Farewell, your Excellency. She is taller than me, isn't she? A little. How would you describe her? I would describe her as my wife. When shall I meet her? Do you want to meet her? But your son Henry? Yes, sometime. What are you thinking? That I was dead, and am alive again. Let me look at you. Say something. Words aren't important. You mustn't go. I forbid it. My Lady, I have to. You can see how it is with me. And what about me? Madam, I don't think I could have ever left you in better care than Queen Catherine. I believe she loves you. She may love me. I don't know. What I do know is that she is not of our faith. She pretends, but she is not a Catholic. She is a heretic and still you leave me in her care! Madam... No, it is not your fault. It is my fault. If I had been a boy and not a girl, none of this would have ever happened. And England would still be faithful. Princess! I beg you. I am a lot older than I was when I first knew you. And wiser. I do not know if I shall ever be married, or if I will ever be Queen. Probably neither. But if I do become Queen, I swear to you now on the Holy Gospels and on the soul of my mother, that I will make England faithful again. I will do whatever it takes, I will burn however many heretics I have to, I will spill as much blood as I have to, to make this unfortunate realm Catholic again, and heal it, so help me God. May I? Take this ring, in memory of me. It was a gift from the Emperor... Who received it from your mother. Your Majesty, we have received news that, as well as concluding his separate peace treaty with the French at Crecy, the Emperor has given permission for a marriage between his daughter and the Duke of Orleans. All right. There is further news. We understand that the Dauphin and an army of over 36,000 men are preparing to march on Boulogne. I want my victory to be celebrated in every house in England. It was, after all, a very glorious affair. I want you to arrange for every bell to be rung and a mass of Thanksgiving to be said in every church. I want the name "Boulogne"