and the Lady Jane Seymour. - <i>I think she'll make him happy.</i> - <i>With God's help,</i> - <i>we'll all be happy.</i> - <i>I promise you</i> that I'll show favor to Lady Mary. The Lady Mary Tudor. May I present you to Queen Jane. Princess Elizabeth. Je suis en famille! If the queen favors the Catholic religion as she's rumored to do, our Reformation is in jeopardy. We must press ahead with the dissolution of monasteries. My Lord, we have to tell you that the North have risen in sudden rebellion. We will fight, and we will die! These wretched men have threatened my whole realm with uproar!</i> You told there was opposition, that people were glad to see such places dissolved. You were wrong. I'll teach these bastard ingrates a fearful bloody lesson in slaughter! Lady Rochford, I'd like to appoint you my principal lady in waiting. Madam, the King has taken Lady Misseldon as a mistress. Do not be troubled for me for I have great reason to be happy. - I think you're with child. - I am. I want you to organize the celebrations for my son.</i> I want them to be spectacular. - Madam! - Is it time? Yes, Your Majesty. Please, don't give up! Your Majesty may have to decide soon between the life of the mother or of the child.</i> Her Majesty is delivered of a healthy son. A son. Right high, right excellent and noble Prince Edward. The Queen's health has rapidly deteriorated. We've tried everything we know but Her Majesty continues to weaken. Please, God, don't take her away from me. I wonder if Your Majesty could frame your mind towards a new marriage. Enemy ships! For Lord's sake, light the beacon.</i> Your Majesty is beset by enemies. Marriage to Anne of Cleves would bring with it</i> the military support of the Protestant League.</i> Have I been used as a pawn in a game between your master and the French King? I've had enough, Mr. Chapuys. Allow me to present my companion, Mr. Thomas Seymour, - <i>brother of the Queen.</i> - Monsieur. We are threatened from everywhere. Sharpen your knives. You don't even know who I am. You're Edward Seymour's wife. I thank you, Sir Francis, in future to leave my wife alone. I've warned Sir Francis Bryan to stay away from you. Well, it's a pity. He makes me laugh. Mr. Holbein has sent this portrait of Anne of Cleves.</i> She is pleasing. Sir John has written to me. I want to possess this woman and I haven't even seen her. Many things hang upon this marriage. What a pity if all should go awry. I'm deceived about Anne of Cleves. She's nothing like what was reported! She looks like a horse! If it were not to satisfy the world and my realm, I would not do what I do this day for no earthly thing.</i> It seems to me that Cromwell has overreached himself. - <i>I've found someone to amuse the King.</i> - She is Miss Katherine Howard. - How old are you? - Seventeen. I was sent to live in the household of the Dowager Duchess.</i> We ran a little wild. - What do you think, Your Grace? - She looks fit for a King. My Lord Cromwell, you are arrested for treason.</i> Traitor! Traitor! Traitor! Traitor! Traitor! I am no traitor! As head of Church, you should find proof that the marriage was never consummated. Send a deputation to Mr. Cromwell. Demand of him written evidence supporting my annulment. Cromwell will be humiliated. He was so ambitious for others' blood. Your Majesty... Henry's Team Blek, kiry, olaola. Tr: addic7ed. I must report to the Emperor that it has not rained</i> in over two months. It is the hottest summer in living memory,</i> which is a great inconvenience to the 500 citizens</i> the King has incarcerated on charges of heresy.</i> His Majesty continues to demonstrate his perversity,</i> sometimes executing both Lutherans and Catholics on the same day. But nothing deters the King from his amorous pursuits.</i> I am told he is already secretly married</i> to Mistress Katherine Howard and intends</i> to show her to the world tomorrow. - Mr. Culpepper. - Majesty. - Lady Rochford. - Majesty. Katherine. Will you not come to bed, My Lord? The King! - My Lady. - Your Majesty. Who is that talking to Chapuys? Norfolk's eldest son, the Earl of Surrey. The Earl's been away a few years, practicing his chivalry in France. They say he writes poetry and runs a little wild. Your Grace. Excellency. Your Grace seems distracted. I was thinking of those who are no longer here to sup with us. I had a moment of nostalgia even for my enemies. I understand Thomas Boleyn died recently. Yes. And the only mourners at his funeral were the ghosts of his children. Ambassador Chapuys. Monsieur Marillac, we are happy accept your credentials from King Francis. Welcome to our Court. I come here this day to introduce to you my new wife, Queen Katherine. I was first attracted to her by a notable appearance of honour, cleanness... and maidenly behaviour... It seems incredible to have obtained such a perfect jewel of womanhood who bears towards me such perfect love. A love that will not only bring me the peace and tranquility I desire, but may also bring forth the desired fruits of such a marriage. - To Queen Katherine. - Queen Katherine! Now, let's eat! I'm starving! Your Majesty, may I introduce the Earl of Surrey. We are glad to welcome you back my Lord Surrey. - Allow me to introduce my new wife. - And my niece, I believe. My Lord. Sorry. Majesty. So, you are the new French ambassador. Tell me, Monsieur Marillac: what did your King really say when you told him His Majesty had got rid of his last Queen? Well, he didn't say much. He just sighed very deeply and then he said: "Ah!" Would you like to dance? Go on. Wait. Majesty. Tell your master I was very sad to hear about the death of the Dauphin, his eldest son. Majesty. His Majesty would like to propose a marriage between his second son, Henri, Duke of Orleans, and your daughter, the Lady Mary. How often it comes around. Forgive me. You're new to all of this. Do you know how old she is? Seventeen. Have you told your master about her? What does he say? I suppose he thinks I'm mad. Or else he's just plain jealous. Come here, ladies! Come and look at this!</i> The King sent it to me this morning. Now, ladies... You must promise that from now on, as you are all sworn in, you will all dress in the French fashion, like me. - Do you promise? - Yes, Your Majesty! We are more than happy to oblige Your Majesty. My Lady. You have a letter, just delivered. What is it? Oh, nothing. Just an old friend, Joan Bulmer. She has heard of my "great destiny" and will I please now send for her to court. She says that some altered circumstances have brought her "to the utmost misery in the world and a most wretched life." Shall you send for her? I shall think on it, Lady Rochford. Now, ladies, why don't we try on your new dresses! I'll tell you another amusing thing about the French.</i> To celebrate the winter solstice in Paris, they build a bonfire and on the top of it they put a barrel, a wheel, garlands, and a basket filled with two dozen cats and a fox to be burned alive for the King's pleasure! I actually saw King Francis himself light it with a torch wrapped in red velvet. Of course! My Lord Surrey, after so long away, how do you find the English court? I find it full of mean creatures. Many of them in the service of His Majesty. - Of whom do you speak? - Those men of vile birth: lawyers, university men, Machiavellian intriguers whose only desire is the destruction of the nobility of this country. And I hate them... all. You mean men like the Seymours? One cannot forget their sister provided the King with an heir. And now that you've returned, what are your ambitions? To surpass the achievements of my father and my grandfather. That is a very high ambition, my Lord. I'm a Howard. It is expected of me. And always has been. And I will not fail. - Any deer? - No deer! Majesty, you've caught nothing all day, beyond some rabbits and a deer, but you're still smiling. Have I not every reason to be happy? You have seen the Queen. Shouldn't the man that that woman gives herself to always be happy? I'd say he'd be beyond happiness. In a higher state altogether. I feel almost like a new man, Charles. I am no longer vexed by the things that before vexed me daily. And even my leg is beginning to heal. Sex is a great medicine. Indeed. You are very fortunate. How is your Catherine? She is well, although she no longer loves me as she once did. - We live mostly apart. - Take a mistress. I would rather make her love me again, if I could. I want to take the Queen on a visit soon. I want the people to see her as I see her. Majesty. And her kinsman, Lord Surrey. I want to make him a cupbearer, and give him other tokens of our esteem. I am sure His Lordship will be most grateful. No, My Lord. He will merely see it as his birthright! Master Culpepper! Come on, boy! Have them flush us out something edible! Yes, Majesty. Beaters! Majesty. The Lady Mary. Lady Mary. Madam. It gives me such pleasure to meet you. The King talks about you often, no, all the time, with such affection... It is my dearest wish that you and I may be... kind and... loving and... warm to each other. After all, Lady Mary, you are now my stepdaughter. I shall attend upon Your Majesty whenever Your Majesty chooses to invite me. Thank you. Will you stay a while? My maids have made some cakes. No, thank you. I bid you a good day. Madam. Your old friend is here: Miss Joan Bulmer. Katherine! Are you not the luckiest, most fortunate woman in all the world? - Joan, I- - Are you not pleased to see me? Of course I'm pleased. We used to be so close, didn't we? You know the unfeigned love my heart has always borne towards you. You are going to give me a position, I presume? I may. But you must understand- Otherwise I must persist in my wretchedness. In my misery. Say you will not turn me away. Do you remember when you know who used to come in, late at night and slip into bed? For God's sake, be careful what you say. But you will make me one of your ladies, won't you? Sweet Katherine? My Lords, there are new reports of disturbances in France. Sit. There is a quarrel between the French garrison at Ardres and our own at Guisnes. The French built a castle at Ardres and then a bridge into the Pale of Calais. When our soldiers pulled it down, the French promptly rebuilt it. Now, I mean to show these French that I will not shy away from battle if I am provoked! For reasons which I am sending Seymour and the Earl of Surrey to Calais. They will bring with them from the garrison, men and ordnance and they will make a show of force before Ardres. In which case the French must either decide to desist... or fight. - It's raining roses! - My Lady. Mr... Thomas Culpepper is here. Mr Culpepper. Your Majesty, the King has sent me. Come. Mr Culpepper? His Majesty wants you to know that you will shortly accompany him on a visit to Sir William Paget's estates in Berkshire for your pastime and disport. I am very grateful to His Majesty and I look forward to the visit very much. His Majesty also wants you to know that he has settled Baynard's Castle on you as your jointure. Where is Baynard's Castle? It is here in London, on the north bank of the Thames, near the Fleet Tower. You've probably seen it from the river. Is it that big one? Yes. It's a very big one. In that case, please tell His Majesty that I am very, very grateful to him. I cannot imagine owning a castle. Majesty, may I commend your Majesty on taking decisive action</i> against the French, and for honouring my brother with a command?</i> His Majesty also desires you to accept this gift.</i> Please tell His Majesty that... That you're very, very, very grateful. Yes. I do not know who to say this to, Mr Culpepper. But, when I go about, and when I shall go with the King on a visit, I am... not so used to everyone... ... looking at me. And sometimes... wish they would not do. My Lady, you must give men leave to look, for they will look upon you. There is no help for it. Your Majesty. Lady Rochford. Your Majesty. Hello, my Lady. I love you. Kiss me. No! Please kiss me. Well, all right then. Come here. Oh, my Lady! Oh, my Queen! Your Majesty! I'm going away for a while. Mr. Risley will supply you with an itinerary. Yes, Your Majesty. Also, while I'm away I intend to call a meeting of the Council. Every Councillor must attend or give very good reason why he may not. - Majesty. - That's the agenda. Also, while we're away I intend for work to begin on the improvements to the palace. There will be a new front along the east river, privy lodgings for the Lady Mary, and a banqueting house. - Damn this heat... - Pardon, Your Majesty? Tell me, my Lord, who is presently kept in the Tower? There is Lord Grey, accused of grave misconduct in Ireland; Lord Lisle, the same but in Calais; and Sir John Neville who led, as you may remember, Your Majesty, the recent disturbance in the north, for which he has been arraigned. There is also one other of high birth, namely the queen's cousin, Lord Dacres. For what crime? Your Majesty, Lord Dacres is a young man of 23 years, who, along with some companions, and after a drinking bout, set upon an old man in a brawl and killed him. His father and other members of his family have written to Your Majesty begging you, for the sake of his youth, to show mercy. The first three are to be executed whilst I'm away. Lord Dacres is different. He has besmirched his noble birth by behaving like a common criminal. And so I intend he shall be treated like one. Have him dragged through the streets to Tyburn and there hanged in public, for all to see. Yes, Your Majesty. For God's sakes, will it ever rain? Lady Hertford, the Earl of Surrey, my Lady. My Lord. How may I be of assistance? I rather trusted to find the Earl here. I am leaving presently for France. He is a military man. I wanted some advice. My husband is in council with the King. Someone of my acquaintance has told me about you, painting such a picture of your virtues and your talents, that I thought to make myself known to you. I am recently returned from France and I know... intimately so few people at court. Well, Sir, now we are introduced. If that is what you wanted? I will tell my husband that you wish to speak to him. Thank you. My Lady. Sir Edward! These shoes must be nicely put and always carefully attended. Yes, my Lady. Your Majesty, the King is here! Oh my! Sweetheart, there are two people come to be introduced to you. - Lady Bryan. - Your Majesty. This is my son, Prince Edward. Come forward, child. This is my new Queen, Katherine. - Say hello to her. - Hello, Your Majesty. Oh, he's such a sweet boy! Hello, Your Grace. I am so delighted to meet you. Thank you. Is he well? Eating well? How does the heat affect him? Even though it is so hot he must always be wrapped up against any sudden chills. He is very well and healthy, and every care that could be taken is taken for his better comfort. On the other hand, don't spoil him too much! Go on. - And be a good boy, do you hear? - Thank you, sir. Good day, Madam. Welcome, Elizabeth. This is my daughter, the Lady Elizabeth. Your Majesty, I am honoured to be presented to you and wish you every joy and happiness. It is also an honour for me to meet you, Lady Elizabeth. You are a very pretty young lady. Thank you, Madam. I want to give you these. They are of not much value, but will remind you of me. Your Majesty is very generous. I will always cherish it. Your Majesty. Carry on packing; we depart tomorrow. Madam. Now, Mr. Risley. The death warrants, my Lord Hertford. Lord Grey. Lord Lisle. Sir John Neville. And Lord Dacres. I pity him for his youth. They say the judges wept when they read his sentence. God save us, Mr Risley, from weeping judges. My Lord. Did Surrey speak to you before he left? No. Since his return the Earl has made it plain to all who will listen that he despises us as "new men." I don't suppose that he would deal with you? Perhaps. Why is it so important? Surrey is heir to a great title and a great fortune. His family have royal blood. Surely even you can see the merits of dealing with him. Sir William? The Queen and I thank you for your most lavish hospitality. Your Majesty is most gracious. We are so honoured that you and your Queen have chosen to visit us. Sir Richard. Your Majesty, I just came from court. We've had news from France. Apparently, soon after I arrived, Sir Thomas Seymour and Lord Surrey, as you commanded, made warlike preparations and showed their strength, and afterwards made overtures to the French governor. Some gifts were exchanged and the French were invited to watch a wrestling match. And where, until recently, nothing but war had been talked of. Now, there is no mention but of wishing to live at peace. Then it was all well done. And yet, Sir Richard, something inside me is disappointed. It hungers for a war. I have known its mad excitements only once, that was a long time ago. Funny. You know, I actually thought the French might oblige me this time. Majesty. Are you happy? Do you have everything you want, everything you need? Tell me. Yes, everything. There is one thing. What is it? It's just that... the Lady Mary doesn't treat me with respect. And I think she ought to, don't you? She will. Believe me. Give her time. All this is new to her, but she will grow used to you. And then she will love you. I hope so. I'm tired. I'm very tired. I have a long day tomorrow. Good night, sweetheart. Sleep well. Good night, Your Majesty. Good night, my Lady. Joan! - What is it? - Don't worry. I won't stay. I just want to talk. About what? This is how it used to be, remember? You and me together. I told you to mind what you say. I'm only talking to you. And then, the two of them would come in, the one for you, and the other mine. And all that puffing and blowing in the dark. And you and him would kiss and hang by your bellies like two sparrows. There was no harm in it. We were agreed we were to be married. Is that what you told the King? Don't be stupid. I don't need to tell him anything about... what happened before. And if you talk of it to anyone - I swear I'll... - Hush. Hush. Do you suppose I don't like being at court, like a special person? Then swear on your honour, and hope to die, that you will speak of it to nobody, not even any of my other ladies. Yes, Your Majesty. I do so swear. Honestly. Good. Now go back to bed. And do you remember this? I am Queen now. Do as I command. How very obliging of Sir William to open his cellar for us. I rather thought, Sir Edward, that it was you who opened it. Well, I was thirsty! I still am! By God she's wanton. Who is? You know very well who I mean. Queen Katherine. She's a little fireball. Too hot for you, Mr. Culpepper. Really? Tell me you can't imagine her without her clothes on. Just picture her naked body. Those breasts. Those thighs. That sweet plump little arse. Holy Jesus. All those things belong to the King. I bid you gentlemen good night. And if I were you, I would not outstay your welcome in Sir William's kitchen. I can't drink enough to banish the thoughts of her. Tomorrow let's go out and find something to quench that thirst. - Ho there! - Sir, a good day. And to you. And who are you? The wife of the park-keeper, sir. - And where is your husband? - He's away at a fair, sir. - Anyone else here? Your children? - No, sir. I had a daughter, sir, but she died. There's no one else here. Can I help you, sir? You can do me a great favour, and it will please you too. Oh no, sir! Do you know who I am? A gentleman of the Privy Chamber. I serve the King. - Now, let's go inside. - No! If, as you say, you are a gentleman, then you would not try to force me against my will. You would just leave, as I ask you to. Come on! This way! Around back! Come on, little chicken! Come on, boys! Leave me alone! Look at her run! You'll enjoy it! Take her! Come on now. Easy. Hold her still. Who are you, there? Mr. Roper, sir. The park-keeper. Mr. Roper. What on earth do you want with me? You know very well what I want, sir. I want justice. I know what you've done. I have come to take you to the Sheriff. - Come, sir. - Don't you dare touch me. You should know your betters. Now go back to your pigsty. I will go, sir, and fetch the Sheriff myself, whose justice is better than yours! I would rather not trouble the Sheriff. How much do you want for your silence? Come on, man. What real harm was done? Take a gold crown, enough to buy a dozen pigs, and forget the whole matter. No, sir. For the shame would still be there in my wife's eyes. And in my soul. Damn you for a fool. I have to say I was surprised at your invitation. Really? I had imagined that very little would surprise you, my Lord. It is true that I have seen most things in my life. But I find that people can always be surprising. I invited you here because I want us to be friends. What kind of friends? Good friends. Who wants to be cursed? People are good when they are afraid. When they are not afraid... they can be anything. I am not afraid. I will never be afraid. Katherine Howard! Your Majesty! My Councillors are arriving. Then I'd better wash. Yes. Gentlemen. My Lords. What is your report, my Lord Hertford? Your Majesty, there was a small outbreak of plague in the city during your absence, which now has abated, thank God. The building works Your Majesty requested have all commenced. The executions of Lords Grey and Lisle, of Sir John Neville and Lord Dacres have all been carried out in accordance with Your Majesty's wishes. Sit. My Lords. I refer to the 500 men kept in prison on suspicion of heresy. It is my desire that they should be pardoned and therefore released. Your Majesty shows remarkable charity. Why should I not? Does our Lord not commend us to never to let mercy and faithfulness depart from us? How is my boy? Prince Edward is very well, Your Majesty. King Francis has formally proposed a marriage contract between his son, Henri, Duc of Orleans, and Lady Mary. We do not, and cannot trust the intentions of King Francis and still think he means to invade this realm. Events at Calais were{\ just} a preliminary exercise to test our resolve. In which case we must continue to look to our defences and favour the Emperor. Now, to the subject of Queen Katherine. It is my intention to settle upon her all the lands and manors which formerly belonged to Jane Seymour. Furthermore, some lands and properties formerly in the possession of Thomas Cromwell are also to be settled upon her. Her badges and emblems are to be set up in all palaces, replacing all others, and henceforth she is in all ways to be treated as the Queen of England. Hush! What is it? Listen. Can you hear that? It's... It's raining!