Why did Your Majesty invite Lady Anne of Cleves for Christmas? I like her after all. He ought not to have divorced the Lady Anne. I fear that you will have to reconcile yourself to the new queen. No, I will not. I hate her. Tell me, my Lord Surrey, what are your ambitions? To surpass the achievements of my father and my grandfather. The Earl has made it plain that he despises us. Says you tried to entrap him but he is too noble a beast to be tangled by such cunning hooks. I have come here to ask you why you will not show me the respect which, as Queen of England, I'm entitled to expect even from you. You are thought capable of bearing sons. Unfortunately, I see you are still not pregnant. She is very appealing. Do you really want to? I can arrange it. The ulcer on His Majesty's leg has become clogged again. I fear for His Majesty's life. His Majesty remains indisposed. Why will he not see me? Has he taken a mistress? I can't answer Your Majesty. - I'm sorry. - Go, since you won't tell me anything. You know, I would do anything to bring you comfort and make you happy. - He wants to visit you, privately. - That's not possible. Nobody else need ever know. Not the King, not anybody. {\a3} Henry's Team {\a3}Kiry, olaola, Blek L'Andouille. ::: The Tudors 4x03 VO ::: {\a3}www.sous-titres.eu Tr: addic7ed. {\a3}One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. Turn. {\a3}Lord, turn! My Lady! This way! No, no, no, no, no, no. I will show you. Comme ça ! You see? Élégant, everything is <i>élégant</i>. Beautiful! Everything that is not <i>élégant</i> must be beautiful. Your Majesty. I haven't seen you for a good while. I'm sorry. I did not know the reason for it. No one told me. I was unwell. But now I am better. Thank God. I trust you found something to amuse yourself while I was away? I missed Your Majesty so much. I hope they gave you my gifts. Your gifts are not you. My Lord Surrey. Majesty. You are a blood relative of my wife. For that reason, and because you so distinguished yourself in France, I've decided to make you a Knight of the Order of the Garter. Does it please you? I am deeply grateful, Your Majesty. My Lord Surrey. Majesty. I have something for you. Thank you. It's beautiful. So are you. I am going away tomorrow, for a few days. But tonight I will visit to your bedchamber. For nothing would please me more than for you to conceive my child. - Your Majesty, good morning. - My Lord Bishop. Your Majesty, these poor suffering subjects, they have begged leave to receive Your Majesty's gift of grace. So if Your Majesty might consent to lay your hands upon them? Your Majesty, please. Please, Your Majesty.</i> By the Grace of God, I command you to be healed. By the Grace of God, I command you to be healed. Please. By the Grace of God, I command you to be healed. By the Grace of God, I command you to be healed. Your Majesty. God bless Your Majesty. By the Grace of God, I command you to be healed. God bless you, Your Majesty. Thank you, Your Majesty. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Your Majesty. Thank you, Your Majesty. God bless you, Your Majesty! HEVER CASTLE RESIDENCE OF ANNE DE CLEVES Bravo, my Lady. Bravo! - Your Majesty. - Majesty. Your Majesty. Did I surprise you? Good. Lady Elizabeth. Your Grace. I have a gift for you. How is your Latin? I enjoy learning it, thank you, Your Majesty. Mr Grindle, the tutor you gave me, is an excellent teacher. This book is by the Roman historian Tacitus. Now you may find it difficult to read but the effort will be worthwhile. For without knowledge, life is not worth having. Thank you so much, Your Majesty. I am very grateful and thank God every night for your good health, and trust you will be our good King, and father, a long time. Madam. I have come for supper. I hope that doesn't inconvenience you. I think we may find something in the larder, Your Majesty. Good. Your formal installation into the Order will take place soon, my Lord Surrey. The King's grace has commanded me to prepare you for the event, which I am happy and willing to do. I am sure your lordship is aware of the great significance attached to the Order by His Majesty and the great honor that he conveys upon you by electing you to it. As you know, the Order comprises of twenty-five noble and valiant knights and their sovereign. There is no greater honor in England. Your lordship has no need to sell the Order to me. How long have you belonged to the Order? - I was elected earlier this year. - A few months. My father and four generations of my family have already belonged to it. Shall we eat? Where do you suppose the King has gone? I don't know, Your Majesty. They tell me there's a full moon tomorrow and we shall all behave like lunatics. For some, the moon is the planet of love. I want to see him again. As you wish. Perhaps... I could bring him to my room. Then I could wait outside, in case anyone should come. I only urge Your Majesty to be careful, - when you... - What, Lady Rochford? Don't you think I know how to meddle with a man without conceiving a child? Your Majesty should be proud of your daughters. Both of them. They do you a great credit. The Lady Mary is... very serious and religious but very clever. Like some women, she likes to hide her intelligence. But the Lady Elizabeth, she cannot hide her intelligence. She will be a great lady, I think... if God so wills it. Your Majesty. I have something which I should like to return to Your Majesty. My wedding ring. I should like you to break it into pieces, as a thing of no value. Katherine? Sweetheart? Yes? Do you like our meeting like this? Yes. Do you love me? Let me perceive by some token that you love me. Shall I kiss you? We have kissed before, Katherine sweet. It does not mean that you love me. What else can I show you? My Lord Surrey, I am commanded now to invest you with the Garter, for you to wear at your installation. "Honni soit qui mal y pense." "Evil be to him who evil thinks." Sir. The most friendly Companions of this Order, denominated from the Garter, have admitted you, their friend, brother, and companion, in faithful testimony of which they impart and give you the Garter, which God grant that you, deservedly receiving it, may rightly wear and use to the Glory of God. Thank you, my friends, brothers, and companions. Your Grace. You know I am very grateful to you for raising no objection to the annulment of our marriage. It runs rather counter to my experience of women. Your Majesty, I can truly say that I wish in all things to please you as my Lord, to bear testament to your good treatment of me, and to stay in this country that I already love as my own. Do you know what the French Ambassador wrote about you? We... intercepted his letter. He said that our people much regretted our divorce, and that in a short time you had won their love, and that they esteemed you as one of the most sweet, gracious, and humane queens they had ever had. You have another queen now. Yes. I like her. She is beautiful, of course. And very young. Full of life. You must adore her. My Lady! My Lady... You did your duty. He's insufferable. He thinks us all his inferiors. Unfortunately, we did him the great favor of making a member of his family the Queen. What is made can sometimes be unmade, like a bed. What chance is there? The King is besotted by her. Everyone knows that. That may change. She seems to me nothing but a frivolous and stupid girl. In any case, I want you to teach the Earl a lesson in humility. I will be called a she-wolf by no man, nor should you allow the slanders against our family to go unpunished. Surely, my dear husband, you could arrange for some misfortune to befall him? Hello, my friends! Jesus Christ! Not quite! As you see, I have been received into the most noble, most prestigious Order of the Garter. And here indeed is the garter! "Honni soit qui mal y pense." "Evil to him who evil thinks!" It's a good motto. I agree with it. Ale, please! My responsibilities to the Order have already made me dreadfully thirsty. Very fine, my Lord! Thank you. How in God's name did you afford all this, my Lord? I have often had no money, but I have never been poor. Wench! How would you like to suck the cock of a man who's a member of the Order of the Garter? What would your friends say? They would tell me not to swallow stories like that. Your hand! It is... all naked. There, there, there. It is dressed. Thank you. Come here. More ale. Drink up, my friend. Drink up. My Lords, we must before long agree on these plans for our much-delayed progress to the North. We shall take a large retinue, including men-at-arms, since we mean to visit those parts of our realm which, not long ago, rose in rebellion against us This time we expect the people, being pardoned by Our Grace, to make further submissions in acknowledgments of their past depravities. My Lady. It is also our intention to invite James, King of Scots, to meet with us at York in September. Your Majesty. Your Majesty. Your Majesty. The King's in Council! Arrange for the conveyance of our tapestries. Yes, Your Majesty. I apologize, Your Majesty. Come. - Katherine, you silly- - I have missed my bleeding. I believe I am with child. My sweet sweetheart... I had to tell Your Majesty. I am sorry I made you angry. I'm not angry. How could I be any bit angry? God forbid. Katherine, listen to me, listen to me. Listen to me. For the sake of our child, please, girl, don't excite yourself. Go and lay down. Rest, and I will come and see you very, very soon. God bless you. Go. My beautiful young Queen. Go. How is my father? The King, having recovered from his recent illness, seems in much better humor, My Lady. He is planning to make a progress to the North of England. A great deal of work is already instigated. They say that embroiderers are working on furniture using copes and ornaments stripped from the churches, alas. Excellency. Thank you, Madam. There is another reason why the King's humor is improved. There are rumors. The Queen is thought to be with child. I'm sure His Majesty would be overjoyed if she produced a Duke of York. On the other hand, if she does not, then the succession may, in fact, remain an open question. What do you mean? Surely Edward is first in line? Who could doubt it? Lady Mary, certain important people at court have told me they feel a "scruple" Of conscience over the fact that Prince Edward's mother, Queen Jane, was never ever formally crowned, unlike your own mother, Queen Catherine. So the rumor also goes, that the King intends to crown his new Queen at York, so if she has a son no one can question his legitimacy or right to the throne. But if she does not have a son... Exactly. It would strengthen your own claim to the crown. Which is why these certain people have assured me how they pray, pray, not only for the overthrow of vile reformers like Hertford, but for the day and the hour that Your Grace succeeds to the throne. Only if God wills it, Excellency. Only if God wills it. But He must will it, Lady Mary. For how else will this country ever be restored to obedience and to faith? Otherwise, as things are, it will go to the devil. Tell me more about the progress. Where shall we go? First to Hatfield, then to Dunstable, Ampthill, and Grafton, hunting and hawking along the way. Then to Stamford, and then Lincoln, and so on to Boston and Yorkshire. You'll have to have plenty of new dresses made, for there will be many great occasions and banquets along the way, and great crowds will come to see your magnificence. I'm so excited. All of this seems to me still like a dream, from which I hope never to wake! Will you come to my bedchamber tonight? No, sweetheart. It's too dangerous. Not while you're with child. What's the matter? You are with child? I was mistaken. I miss... My Lady? My Lady? Master Culpepper, I heartily recommend me unto you... Praying you send me word how that you do.</i> I would you were with me now that you might see what pain I take in writing to you. "I heard that you were sick. And never longed so much for anything as to see you." "It makes my heart die to think I can't always be in your company." It makes my heart die to think I cannot always be in your company.</i> Yours... as long as life endures, Katherine. It's not her fault, she's so young. No. That is her fault. You play well. You didn't used to, I remember. And I never used to drink wine, or play music. Now I do all those things... and I like to do it. I am free, and I like to do it. May I come to your bed tonight? I'm here now. I don't want your heart to die. You feel so sweet. My sweet little fool. I love you. You mustn't... You know? I won't. I promise. Your Majesty, Lady Bryan. Your Majesty. My Lord. Here is your son, Prince Edward. Your Majesty. Uncle. Your Grace. Edward. I trust you are well looked after and everybody is kind to you. Yes, sir. I have a gift for you. Thank you, Your Majesty. I have to go away from London for a while. But your uncle will stay here. He is to be kept warm and well at Windsor, Lady Bryan. And if, heaven forbid, you should fall ill, dose him with this. It's my own concoction. I can see your mother in you. Do you know who she was? This is her. And this is her thimble. You're a good boy. Your sword, sir. Your Majesty. My Lady, the King is here. Katherine, I've come to tell you that we are leaving Whitehall in 2 days time. I trust you are prepared. Yes, Your Majesty. I've also come to tell you, - the Lady Mary will be accompanying us. - Why? Must she come? Obviously you don't understand. Mary is a much-loved figure in the North, where we mean to impress our subjects. The decision has nothing to do with you. I'm sorry I was not with child. I am sure I can be. Lift it! Keep moving! -<i> Gather it up! - Hay up!</i> Boy! Keep in line! Fall in! You there! Keep moving! There's the King! - The King! - Lady Mary and the King! You see how much they love us? These are the real people of England. They love their King. His Grace, Bishop Gardiner. My Lord. I trust I am not disturbing you. I know you bear a heavy burden, in His Majesty's absence. Your Grace is most welcome. - How goes the King's progress? - Most excellently. He has been graciously received everywhere. And he has had good sport. Just last week he and his companions shot over four hundred deer in two days. They're going to Lincoln. I am very glad to hear His Majesty is in such good spirits. I suppose... he would number among his companions the Earl of Surrey. Yes, for certain. - My Lord. - Why? I have received more reports of the Earl's behavior. It seems that, after his investiture into the Order of the Garter, he appeared in a tavern in his regalia and made great fun of the Order and of those belonging to it. Even before bawds and pimps. And these are sworn statements of his behavior? They are, my Lord. Are you going to investigate further? Yes, I will. I am most grateful to Your Grace for this information. I trust that someday you will use it. For I am as convinced as I can be that Surrey and his crew flout the fasting laws and are fanatic Lutherans and Sacramentarians for which damnable heresies they ought to be burned at Smithfield. Your Grace. Left, right, left, right, left, right...</i> Henry, by the Grace of God, King of England, Ireland, and France; also God's High Minister here, Head of His Church and soul of the whole kingdom. We beseech you in all humility to animate, rule and save your people. And we further pray God, of his infinite mercy, that he will bless and maintain in faith, in love, and in fecundity Queen Katherine and your blessed daughter, Lady Mary. Amen. Amen. Your Majesty. People of Lincoln. Do I need to remind you many of you here and about rose up in an unnatural and unlawful rebellion against your King, who you, by the laws of God, are bound to obey. Well, today we come here for an altogether different reason. Today we come here on a Pilgrimage of Forgiveness. We are here to pardon all our subjects for their past sins and disobedience. And since we have seen how much you love us, and seen all your tokens and signs of loyalty, with a free heart, we forgive you. Here is Your Majesty's bedchamber. Where does this go? To the stool chamber. And that? To the backstairs. Come on! I want to see. What's behind here? His Majesty's bedchamber. With his servants? It looks bad, doesn't it? I have seen it better, Your Majesty. But I'll bathe it. I wanted to visit the Queen tonight. She looked so pure and beautiful in the cathedral today. Don't you think? You were both magnificent. And the people adored and worshipped Your Majesty such as I have never seen the like. Do you think the King's asleep yet? He must be late. It's almost midnight. Where is he? - He has gone to sleep. - Go and fetch him. - Hurry! - Yes, my Lady. Help me change out of this. - Who's that? - The night watchman. Come. I'll stay out here. I'll watch outside. Not in here!