- Take another wife? - Yes. Am I not still able to have a wife, to have more children? To be myself? I mean to show these French that I won't shy away from battle if I am provoked. The Emperor is once more at war. A joint attack on France would restore to the English crown all your lost territories, the whole of Aquitaine. I still think the King will want to remarry. And yet what woman on earth would want to marry a King who either puts his wives away or kills them? Lady Latimer has come to petition Your Majesty to lift a suspicion of treason from her husband. The King seems quite taken with Lady Latimer. You have no children and none by your first husband? It was not a happy marriage. - Do you think such a thing exists? - I believe so with all my heart. We should start hunting down all the Lutherans in His Majesty's kingdom. We should flush them out? Some of them are very close to the King. You would not like to be Queen of England? You know what happens to his queens! Everyone knows what happens. Let it be known to all present that this treaty contains an obligation to undertake a war against France. His Majesty agrees to send 40,000 men-at-arms. I do, so help me God. What could make a revengeful prince like the Emperor? Forget the insult done to him by the King of England? Those insults are long forgotten, Monsieur Marillac. Catherine Parr, we are sent here by the King's Majesty to offer you His Majesty's hand in marriage. He will be the happiest man now alive in England, and you the happiest woman. Henry's Team kiry, Olaola. ::: The Tudors 4x07 VO ::: Tr.: YYets. My Lords, we will now proceed with our plans for an invasion of France. We will start by the capture of the strategic town of Boulogne. Your Grace, I shall appoint you commander of our armies, if you have the will and the stomach for the fight. I can only thank God for the chance to win honour and glory in the field. What man wouldn't prefer to die with a sword in his hand and a cry in his throat, rather than abed in England? Aye! My Lords, I must tell you that a special envoy from the court of the Emperor, the Duke of Najera, will pay us an unofficial visit, in honour of our alliance. The Duke is one of the Emperor's most successful generals. He should be first received here by the Earl of Surrey and then brought to court. I'm sure your Lordships will see fit to welcome him as he deserves. I have vowed to bring King Francis into submission, and I will fulfil this promise. I have been all my life a prince of virtue and honour, as you can all attest, and I have never contravened my word. I'm too old to begin now. "I, Catherine "take thee, Henry, "to be my wedded husband, "to have and to hold from this day forward, "for better, for worse, "for richer, for poorer, "in sickness and in health, "to be bonnier and buxom in bed and at board, "till death us do part, "and thereto I plight thee my troth." The ring. "Benedicat, hic anulum, "Dominus, qui fecit caelum et terram."</i> "With this ring, I thee wed." "With my body, "I thee worship." "In nomine Patris, "et Filii, "et Spiritus Sancti." I now pronounce thee man and wife. Thank you, Lady Herbert. Sister. Your Majesty, if I may? I am determined to be a loving stepmother to your children. Of course, I have known Mary for years, but it would now be my pleasure rather than my duty to make friends with the Prince Edward and the Princess Elizabeth. So with Your Majesty's permission I would like to invite them more often to court, not only for my sake but so they might more often see their father. You have my permission. Thank you. And perhaps Your Majesty might also agree to the Lady Elizabeth having permanent lodgings at court, like the Lady Mary? Perhaps. But I would not like my son Edward to come to court too often, for fear of infection. I have arranged for some gifts to be delivered to you. I hope you like them. Thank you. You're welcome. Try this one, Your Grace. - Your Grace. - My Lords. I am pleased to convey to you His Majesty's commissions. Sir Thomas, you are recalled from Brussels and are to be appointed Admiral of the Fleet. My Lord Surrey, the King has seen fit to make you Marshal of the Field, a singular honour. Your Grace. - When do we sail? - As soon as the King commands. Sir Thomas... Is it true that your brother, Lord Hertford - is against this war? - It is true, Your Grace. He worries for the King's health, in body and in mind. He fears that if His Majesty should die in France, he would leave the kingdom in great confusion. How is the King? There are rumours that he is unwell. That he may be unable to lead the army. No, my Lord. The King will lead his soldiers. Make no mistake of that. For here is the truth, the King does not just want France back, but all of his honour and his youth as well. And, in that, he is like me. May I present His Highness Don Juan Estaban Manrique de Lara, Duke of Najera. - Your Highness. - Your Majesty. I am very happy to receive you at my court. I trust you have been well entertained so far? Indeed. I have visited the famous Tower and also the River Thames. It is not possible that a more beautiful river should exist in the world. And with so many... - <i>cisnes?</i> - Swans, your Highness. Yes. Swans. My Lord Surrey also took His Highness to the Paris Gardens, to see bears fighting with dogs. And then, in the same place, they brought a pony with an ape on his back. And to see the animal kicking among the dogs, with the screams of the ape was very laughable. Well, Your Highness, I trust this evening you will also be well entertained by my beautiful wife the Queen and my first daughter, the Lady Mary. His Highness only desires Your Majesty to confirm if your armies are ready for the invasion of France. I have already given my word. What more does Your Highness expect of me? His Highness, the Duke of Najera. The Lady Mary. So, is it a coincidence that there is talk of war and then General Najera turns up here at court? Absolutely. This is a private visit. His Highness came to London to see the Tower and row on the river and see the swans. Do you take me for a fool? No, Excellency. You are what you are. And so am I. Kat! May I not dance, please! Of course you can. Of course you can dance, my Lady. Mr. Risley, may I ask, what have you heard of the Queen's religious beliefs? They are the same, surely, as His Majesty's. I think not. Indeed, I suspect Her Majesty of being a secret Protestant and I intend one day to prove it. And in so doing... risk the anger of the King? Mr. Risley, for the sake of our faith, and the future of our country I am prepared to risk a great deal. Dr. Butts! What is it? It's the King's leg, Your Majesty. His ulcer has burst, he is in great pain. Come. Catherine! Dearest, - let me see! - Please, don't. I have seen worse things. Give me a poultice, quickly now. If Your Majesty could move your leg, and place it across my lap? There, dearest. Quickly! As long as the King is sick, I will move my bed to his chamber, the better to look after him. Madam. Next! Steady! Forward. Come on, lads. I went to war once, a long time ago. We broke lances against the French. The knights did in the old days. This... this is a different war, a war of guns. - Good shot. - Again. Good shooting. Well done. What's your name? Richard, Your Grace, Richard Leland. You are soon to war, Richard Leland. That was well done, Richard. Harry. Harry Hurst. - Are you coming to France? - I don't know. - I can't shoot like that. - What can you do? I'm a farm labourer, me. I can herd cows, shovel shit, and build fences. Christ! I wish I'd half your talent, Harry! Thank you. Next. Your Majesty, Prince Edward is here. Madam. Your Grace, how lovely to see you. Madam, I came to thank you for the outfits of crimson velvet and white satin you sent me. I am very glad that you liked them. I would also like to thank my noble and illustrious father for the jewels he sent me. But they told me he was sick. I am pleased to tell Your Grace that His Majesty is now much better. He must love me, for if he did not love me, he would not give me these fine gifts. He loves you very much. You are very special to him and I know that he would like to see you more often if he could. Thank you. I wish you a good day, Madam. Poor child. My Lords. How go our preparations? I think they have gone slackly! I'm beginning to suppose your Lordships are not so keen to go to war after all. Sit. Majesty, the gun carriages, carts, wagons, the ovens, horses, artillery, and ordnance are all made ready and dispatched for shipping. And a further 300 ships have been requisitioned for Your Majesty's use and will be in port within the month. Within the month! They should be already in port if you had not been so remiss and neglectful in your duties! What about our maps of Boulogne? Your Majesty, we do not have any maps, so we will have to rely on the advice of a French spy, De Buren. So we are to blunder about in the dark and trust to the honesty of French spies! God help us, Your Grace, for it seems you have not! We will not wait for more ships! This army will embark for France in 10 days time, land in Calais and straight away march to Boulogne. We have three weeks to take this town before we proceed on to Paris. Now, while I am in France, the Queen's Highness, Queen Catherine will act as Regent and rule in my stead. Lord Hertford, who I begin to suspect is against this war, will stay as Lieutenant to the Realm. Need I remind your Lordships that we go to France not solely for honour and glory, but to recover our just rights and inheritances taken from us by violence and withheld from us for too long. He has made the Queen Regent! Why? She has no knowledge of matters of state! I do not know. But from what I hear of her, I do not think it right. I think the King should be aware how perilous a matter it is to cherish a serpent in one's own bosom. I have to tell you that I've left all things here in order, in case do not come back from France. Shortly, Parliament will pass a new Act of Succession, naming my son Edward as my heir. If he has no issue, then it passes to the Lady Mary and then to the Lady Elizabeth. Those are my wishes. Understood. Do not cry, Mary, for I do not intend to die. Promise you will write to me often! Tell me all that happens in my kingdom and whatever you see fit to write. I leave my children in your care, knowing that there are not more loving hands in this world. Farewell. It makes you happy to be alive, doesn't it, Majesty? Your Grace. Majesty. Well met! How do we prosper? Majesty, the port is blockaded and the town is partially invested. Its gates are shut and its defenders shut inside. The French consider that their ramparts and double walls make them invulnerable to our artillery! We shall see about that! We have brought enough cannon here to conquer hell! Forward! I can't believe my eyes Look, Richard! It's the King of England himself! What do you think? I reckon if I were the French I'd be fucking scared. Englishmen, today you have every reason to be proud! Today, we begin our campaign of Boulogne. We have offered terms of peace in return for our just rights and inheritances. But our enemy has refused to render what they owe us. They should know that we do not lack the courage to fight to the death for justice. These lands were taken from us by violence and I mean to have them back. For King Henry, for England, and for St. George! Long live the King! For England! Prepare your fire! Solders, to your stations! Section One Commander! Prepare your guns! Section One, prepare your guns! Section Two Commander! Prepare your guns! Load your cannon! - Prepare your guns! - Ready, guns. Section Three Commander! Prepare your guns! Ram barrel! - Soldiers, into the trenches! - Quick march! Section Two Commander, take both your men! - Section Three, report when ready. - Yes, sir! - Section Three ready. - That's ready, sir. All guns take aim for the gates and castle. Section One, take aim! - Section Commanders! - Confirm you have your target! Section Three, take aim. Section One, target ready. Section Two, confirm target. Section Two has target, sir. - Section Three, confirm. - Section Three ready. Hold sections! Hold fire until I give the order! Let's go, men. Hold fire! Move! Hold your fire! Easy for the time! Now we'll see how invulnerable it really is! In position! Ready, captain! Section one, fire! For the King! - Ready! - Ready! All sections! Fire! Section One, fire! Ready! Charge the gun! - England! - England! Back into position! Reload all guns! If you could see that this is delivered to My Lord Hertford. Thank you. Madam, here is Mr. Latimer. Alas, Madam, I am no longer entitled to such an address. I was deprived of my bishopric by Bishop Gardiner. I know. And I know the circumstances of it. Still, I have a mind to appoint you chaplain to my household. Are you absolutely sure, My Lady? You must know my reputation. Your reputation, Mr. Latimer, is of a man of the Gospels and a true Christian. For example, do you suppose that it is a bad thing that everyone should be able to read the Bible for themselves? On the contrary, I believe it to be a vital thing. For without God's direct word we that be unlettered remain confused and without grace. Even though some would say that the reading of the Bible leads to heresy? If they say so, then they are wickedly charging the holy sanctified word of God - with the offences of man. - You are right. Do people deny themselves food, because they see others overeat? Or avoid using fire because they have seen a neighbour's house burn down? Blind ignorance, Mr. Latimer, to slander God for man's offences. If you are still of a mind to have me, I will most joyfully be your chaplain. I thank you. I have one favour, which is that you conceal the true workings of your mind from the Lady Mary. For nothing in this world will change her allegiance to the faith of her mother, and I respect her for that. Madam, believe me, I shall be the soul of discretion in my dealings with all His Majesty's children, and with the world. Thank you. My Lady. Sister, are you sure you can really trust Mr. Latimer's discretion? I know I should not say so to Your Majesty, but I fear his appointment. Should I play the coward? You know that I never wanted to marry the King. But since I had to, I may at least use what influence I now possess to further the cause that I believe in with all my heart. The cause of the Reformation! Then at least I can address my God with a clear conscience and an honest soul. Please say that you understand, Anne! Please. Forward! Come on! Left, right. There we are! Shit! It can't last forever. Lads, come here! Come on! Move on, men! This way, My Lord. Your Majesty, signor Treviso. Girolamo. Come, show me where you intend to dig these mines. I intend to dig three tunnels. Two will be a diversion, to confuse the enemy. The main one will be here, which will lead under the castle. How long? That depends on the type of ground, danger of flooding and so on. Also, how far into the earth they have built the walls. But I say we could be under the castle and able to detonate a huge explosion in three weeks. Two weeks, signor Treviso! Two weeks! Take the troops you need. Put your backs into it, men. We are making excellent progress. But I want to know how the Emperor is doing since we are in this war. The Emperor's forces are at present besieging the fortresses of Luxembourg and St. Didier. With God's help, we will break our siege first and advance on Paris. With the damage our guns are inflicting, I swear Boulogne will not hold out for long. I think that the French were foolish to think that their walls were invincible. They had not seen our guns. Paris by September! Good! There are a lot of Frenchmen in Paris I would like to kill, so I can sleep with their wives with a clear conscience! Gentlemen - <i>Salut!</i> - <i>Salut!</i> - Majesty. - What is it? The French! They've broken out beyond the southern gate, sir. - I'll go! - Your Grace! Cover the gates with a massive force, in case this is a diversion. - Go! - Majesty. Where are they? There, there! Get him! Stop in the name of the King! - Where is he? - He's down in the ditch! Keep your wits about you. Take cover! Stay down! - Do you see him? - Two on the ground! Ready! Let's go! Your Grace, I didn't need your help but thank you all the same. Shall I leave them to you then? Here we come! For England! Mademoiselle? Load cannon! - General. - Keep the lines straight. Dig in there. I've brought you some food. Your father is still alive. Is that true? He was wounded but we're taking care of him. - Can I see him? - Soon. I promise. Put your backs into it. Roll that barrel!</i> What's your name? Brigitte, Brigitte Rousselot. You should eat. Why are you here? In France? This isn't your country. It used to be. We all used to live in Eden. It doesn't mean we can go back again! - Why won't you release me? - So you'll fight against us? Yes! So I can go on killing you. No, Mademoiselle. You're my prisoner now. Perhaps I'll even get a ransom for you! How things are in the town? Do people have enough food? They have plenty! You shouldn't worry about them. They'll never surrender. Not to that sacred monster, your King. Monster? You know we call him the English Nero! Didn't you know that? Graci plena. Dominus tecum. Benedicta tu in mulieribus, et benedictus fructus ventris tui. Mr. Risley. Your Grace, I have some news I thought you might be interested in. It seems Queen Catherine has appointed Hugh Latimer as her private Chaplain. Are you sure? And I thought someone said she was an intelligent woman! How's the tunnelling? We've dug about 50 paces. It's bloody hard work, and there's a lot of clay. I prefer the clay. It's not like sand. Always afraid it's gonna collapse and bury you. How've you been? There's a French officer comes out sometimes. He stands for a few moments on the castle rampart, looking at us. Then he goes back inside. I just need one good shot. One good shot. Have you heard? There are meant to be a few women around camp. Not many, mind. Just a few. That's what I heard. If you fancy the pox! Perhaps you're right. In any case, I have a wife back home and she is with child. What do you want, a boy or girl? A boy. I hope to God we're not here too long. "Although Your Majesty's absence has not been long, "yet the want of your presence "means that I cannot take pleasure in anything "until I hear from Your Majesty." "Time hangs heavily." "I have a great desire to know "how Your Majesty has done since you left." "For your prosperity and health, "I prefer and desire more than my own." "And although I know Your Majesty's absence is never without great need "still, love and affection compel me "to desire your presence." "Thus love makes me set aside my own convenience "and pleasure for you, "at whose hands I have received so much love and goodness "that words cannot express it." "We hear word of ill weather "and delays besetting you." "And though we thank God for your good health, "we anxiously await the joyous news "of the success of your great venture "and for your safe and triumphant return, "for which all England offers daily prayers." More supports in the space! "I fear I am but a poor substitute for Your Majesty "in the matter of the guidance of your kingdom." "I long for your return." "I commit you to God's care and governance." "By Your Majesty's humble, obedient wife "and servant, Catherine the Queen." But, Majesty, I beg you to give us a little more time. The men are working all day and all night. But sometimes we must stop digging to support the roof or else everything collapses. Master Surgeon! Signor Treviso. - What is it? - Majesty, I regret to inform you of the deaths of ten of your soldiers. - Soldier die of their wounds. - No, Your Majesty. The men all died of the bloody flux. Dysentery? I am afraid there is an outbreak of the disease throughout your army. God alone knows how many it will take away. Master Surgeon. Mr. Treviso. Let me ask you something. What do you think of our Italian gentleman, signor Girolamo Treviso? The builder of tunnels. - What do you mean? - I mean do you trust him? Why should I not trust him? It's only that I happen to know that, some time ago, he said he could build a mirror large enough that if set upon the cliffs of Dover His Majesty would be able to see, reflected in it, the movement of French ships in and out of the port of Boulogne. Do you see what I mean, Your Grace? Do you think he's mad? It's only a suggestion. But then, he's not the only one! Change the watch!