Sync: YTET-Ã÷ÔÂ¼¸Ê±ÓÐ -==www.ydy.com/bbs==- Ghost.Whisperer Season 01 Episode 08 My name is melinda gordon I just got married,just moved to a small town, just opened up an antique shop I might be just like you Except from the time that I was a little girl, I knew that I could talk to the dead It's all right, honey Earthbound spirits,my grandmother called them the ones who have not crossed over yet because they have unfinished business with the living and they come to me for help To tell you my story,I have to tell you theirs Hey Thank god you're home.This is not the kind of movie you wanna watch alone Wait. You've seen this before.How is it still scary? I don't know.It just is. You ok? Hard day.I'm fine now Will you hold my hand and watch this with me? -Sure. I'll just jump in the shower first -Oh, hurry up You ever have one of those days where everything just feels weird? Don't go in there.I mean, why?Why do you do that? Like I'm wearing the wrong pair of glasses or something Which is weird, since I don't wear glasses Oh! Turn the lights on, bimbo What? jim! No, I'm fine.It's just the plumbing job I did yesterday must have knocked some rust into the pipes Oh, I should've told you.I'm sorry.Watching my face? Gross What's the matter? I'm just gonna lock up.Watch the movie.I'll be right back It looks like smoke and his asthma -All closed up. Agonal respiration -Let's get a pediatric mask and start albuterol treatment Come on. Give me that mask B.P. 140 over 90 -Do you see any burns? -Uh-uh Blood pressure is dropping -Jim. Jim!B.P.'S dropping.We're losing her -We're not losing her -Come on, man! -Yeah. Come on. We're not losing her. Breathe Ok. Respiration's stabilizing.She's coming back -You sure you're ok? -I'm all right -Did you say something? -Me? No. Mm-mmm -I ran into -do you tell me--sorry -Go ahead -No. You.Do I tell you... do you always tell me, you know, when you see spirits? Or are there so many of them you don't even mention it? Door number 2 -I don't know how you deal with that -I just factor it in,move on.I guess I'd go crazy if I didn't Is there someone here now? No Are you sure? Jim, what's going on? You've been acting really weird lately Is something bothering you? Look, ok.I don't know if it's...just being with you,you know If it's rubbing off on me or something. But lately I'm having these feelings What kind of feelings? Like I'm being watched And when it happens,I'm just... flooded with this...with this sense of anxiety or, I don't know,with despair or something It's like I'm in the presence of just... talk about going crazy -Why, did something already happen? -You know it's probably just nerves. I'm fine -Do you want some more? -No He just seems so different -Different how? -Distracted. Moody. Maybe the romance is fading Are you serious? Jim is nuts over you. You can feel the chemistry from like pluto Then what's wrong? -Excuse me, but this...migs? -Alexis -What are you doing here? -I live here Well, this is incredible. Come here, hon. Give me a hug -Uh, so, what are you doing here? -I'm writing a travel article for a magazine -I...Hi.Lexi fogerty. -Hi Melinda and I were best friends for like ever.Right, migs? Andrea owns the store with me Yeah. Uh, it's nice to meet you Wow. I...I have so much I wanna say to you, migs I know we left things a little bumpy. But... hey.Can I take you to lunch? Oh, I can't, alexis. I'm very busy right now Tell you what. Um, I'll be here all weekend. So give me a call,Here's my cell phone number Bye -Whoa. What was that? -What? -You just totally iced that girl. -No, I did not Melinda, I have like freezer burn over here -Ok,we used to be best friends,and we're not anymore -I got that -What happened? -We just drifted apart Oh, hey.What brings you here? -Bringing you lunch -Well, what happened? A check bounce? No. Just felt like feeding my husband and, you know,seeing how you're doing I'm fine. I think actually I figured it out -You did? -Yeah My dad died this week 5 years ago.You know about this time I always start to go into a kind of funk The only difference is this year I forgot.So maybe it's just been weighing on me, and I didn't even notice it -Huh. Ok, so you're feeling better now? -Yeah, absolutely -You sure then? -Yeah.You worry too much I worry just enough. I'm going to work -Love you -Mmm. Love you back Mandatory training video  will be shown 11:30. All personnel  are required to attend -Young lady, I'm looking for my carriage and driver.Have you seen them? -No. Sorry Good lord. The theater's been out for ages.What will I tell my wife? I only saw him for a second, but this guy scared the hell out of me And I don't scare that easy Please.We saw the ring together. You spent the whole movie under your seat That was fiction. This is real life. I've seen a lot of ghosts.This guy made my blood run cold It was like the evils of the universe were just seeping out of him Ugh. And you think one of these things has attached itself to jim? It makes sense.He's moody. He's not eating.He has these waves of despair.Nothing like this has ever happened to him So assuming you're right, what do you do to get rid of a malevolent spirit? I don't know. My grandmother never walked me through this one -Melinda.Not comforting -You know what? It's time to open.You finish up.No hurry Be prepared to provide resuscitation if the patient stops breathing or experiences sudden cardiac arrest So when available,bring an automated external defibrillator to the patient's location A professional medical care provider should evaluate anyone suspected of experiencing a heart problem Jim. Help me, son. Please, jim! Please! jim!Help me, son.Please.Help Jim? -Jim? -In here Are you ok? They told me you were sent home I saw my dad, mel This, uh,stupid training film,It wasn't him at first, but then it was clearly him He's yelling for me to help him.What is going on? Uh...I think I was wrong There is a spirit attached to you, and, um... but you didn't see one No. Not now. But I saw someone at the firehouse this morning, and he really scared me What did he look like? Um, shaved-out hair, dark eyes, and completely covered in tattoos Mel, it's the patient who died when we flipped the rig. When we blew the tire. Remember? The guy who was on his way to kill his wife? -What does he want? -No wonder he attached himself to you -You're the last person that he saw as he died -Does he blame me for his death? Does he want revenge? -I don't know. -At least I'm not crazy Hey, we're gonna figure this out, all right? And I'm gonna stick to you like glue until I see this ghost again Hey, guys.Everything ok? -Yeah. Everything's fine.Why? -No reason -You know, I just came to fix the cabinet -Oh. Wow. Thanks, jim.It's driving us crazy Oh, god. What happened? You ran out of here so fast Jim had some kind of an episode. Thought he saw his dead father Jim is seeing ghosts? No. No.I just think the spirit or whatever it is is messing with his head Creepy.What are you gonna do? There's nothing I can do except wait until I see the ghost.That's why he's here Nothing Do you want us to go? Caus I don't wanna freak you out No. Of course not. What's A... malevolent spirit or two between friends, right? -Hey, where did those come from? -Aren't they pretty?Lexi brought them by She is really trying to reach out to you. I don't know why you guys drifted apart,but... Ok,I lied.We didn't drift.It was more like crash and burn Oh. You wanna talk about it? Freshman year of college Lexi--she started telling people about my abilities And before I knew it, I had become some kind of laughingstock I got so uncomfortable,I finally left school Oh, melinda The funny thing is, there's a part of me that wishes alexis and I were still friends No. Are you kidding me? You can never speak to her again.Never.Ever -Anything? -No I thought attached meant "attached." Why do they come and go? They feed off our energy,off our emotions. It's like recharging their batteries Then they're free to wander off for a while -Well, do they ever wander off and never come back? -Not that I know of I thought you were gonna say that.You're chilly. I'm sorry Oh. I'll turn on the space heater. I blew a fuse. Oh, really?Well, why don't you come back to bed and we'll fix it tomorrow -Why, honey? You're afraid? -No, I'm not scared -I'm gonna come with you,though -I just blew a fuse.I overloaded the circuit I'll be right back -Candle? -You keep it -Are you there now? -Not yet. I'm on my way down to the basement -You wanna do me a favor?Can you unplug the space heater? -Ok I can see you.And you don't scare me. You don't Who are you? And what do you want with my husband? It's not your husband I want It's you Me? What do you want with me? I need help You see us.All the lost souls I-I feel very dark things coming from you -I can't help you if I don't understand what I'm feeling -I killed a man -What's your name? -Julian boriqua I don't pretend to be a good man -Who did you kill? -Someone innocent We just pulled a robbery, and we were trying to get away Ok. All right. I didn't mean for it to happen There are a lot of things I never meant to do My partners were arrested,but I ran I knew my wife had moved away,but I managed to find her I saw my child, joseph,the son that I never knew And I thought maybe the three of us could start over But I lost rachel's love a long time ago She didn't want my son exposed to me I shouldn't have been surprised when the police showed up at the house that night In prison, I started to see the truth I wasted my life.I hurt innocent people...and people who loved me And I made a promise that when I got out, that I would start over clean The day I was released, I was asked to do a job on the outside.I refused My mind was on only one thing-- to find forgiveness and to begin again I truly believed that I could do this, that I could make amends I was wrong Give us a hand.We need help in the back here I think that you're haunting my husband because he was the last person you saw before you died No. It's because of you Is it your wife and son? Do you wanna see them again? No. Rachel doesn't even know I'm dead Then how can I help you? The day that I died,I was going to find the family of the man that I killed,and I was gonna beg for forgiveness I wanna see that through now... with you Will you help me? I don't know if I can trust you -I've heard that you wanted to hurt your wife -No! I never... I never... whoever told you that lied.I loved my wife. I never wanted to harm her Look...I just need...would you please just believe me? You're my only hope Hey, honey,go ahead and plug in the space heater I got to rewire some of the circuits...is he here? Tell me what he wants.No, no.Tell me what you want! I'm sorry.This is not a benign spirit, ok? -Not after the stuff I've been feeling -So maybe "benign" was a bad word But the man is obviously deeply unhappy,tortured, and has had a horrible life That does not mean that there's not some spark of good in him Honey,I know you wanna believe that. But this guys wants us to drive halfway across the state -and help him find the parents of the man he killed? -Yeah, and that's exactly what we're gonna do How well do you think that is gonna go over,ok? when you tell them you represent the man who killed their son? I don't think it's gonna go over very well at all -But that is not a reason not to help him -You know what? You are...you are as stubborn as...as A... me I just don't want this guy attached to me anymore or in my house I'm sorry. You're right You don't have another choice Hey.So you're an early-morning jogger, too? Uh, yeah.I just love this time of day When migs and i were in high school-- I really prefer to run by myself -Thanks -Ok, then Look, I'm not trying to be a bitch I guess I'm just one of those people who thinks that loyalty is a personal asset Uh, so it's about that costume party -God, I wish she'd get over that -I don't know anything about a costume party It was a joke.Some kids decided to throw this costume party and everyone was supposed to come as their favorite fantasy At least that's what they told melinda So you humiliated her in front of her friends I...I kept her secret all through high school. I was practically her only friend at her grandmother's funeral -I listened to all of her problems all the time. -Alexis, that's just what friends do What a shame.Our first chance to get away,look what we're doing It's not exactly a romantic getaway, huh? -Is he here? -Yes.He seems very preoccupied Julian. Look, I just wanted to say I was sorry... for the way things went down on the night of the accident Tell him I know.I don't blame him He says he doesn't blame you -Thanks, julian. -The truth is clear to me now This was all meant to happen because it led me to you Also to my salvation He says you're welcome -Uh, mrs. Farrell? -Yes? Hi. My name is melinda gordon.This is my husband jim You don't know us,but we've recently became acquainted with... with someone who was familiar with your son Oh. I-I'm sorry.Who did you say you were? Melinda gordon. I...uh...I... My wife has a gift Uh...and this is going to be kind of hard to explain.But... she has the ability to talk to and see people who have died -She can help them -Wait a minute Are you telling me that...that you've been in contact with my son? Actually, no. I've been in contact with the man who killed him Oh, my god He never meant to hurt your son -It was an accident.I would never take and he would never-- -doesn't matter I know I'm guilty.Because I'm the cause for their pain He was on his way to beg you for your forgiveness when he was released -He was let out? Why didn't they tell us? -I don't know.But he changed his thinking everything about the way he lived. He wanted to start his life over -but it didn't work out that way -Why not? He was killed... -The night he came to ask you to forgive him -Don't tell them about my troubles You tell them that I would give anything... anything to bring back their son -You ok? -Yeah. I'm fine. Go on. Tell them -He wishes that he could bring back your son -That's enough -I have one question. -Yes Why do we have to listen to him? Why can't we talk to our son? Well, most likely,your son passed over easily without issues to keep him earthbound Julian,on the other hand,is... tortured by the memory of what he did Good -I'm sorry? -I'm glad he was tortured Does he have any idea how many times we wished we were dead? Just to stop the pain He was a good boy,our son.He... cared.He wanted to help people.He was going to build things. He was going to make a difference And that's who that murderer took out of the world I believe him when he said that the shooting was an accident He had a loaded gun.He pointed it. It went off and killed our son What kind of an accident is that? And he wants forgiveness? From us? Never -Are you ok? -Yeah -How's your headache? -Better -That was horrible. -I warned you I just feel so badly for the farrells -I can't imagine what they went through. -What did you expect? Their only son was killed I'm sorry.I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm saying.I don't know who I am -Is he here? -No It's like I'm infected with him or something. Why is he still doing this to me? Because his energy's really powerful But I don't think that julian is an evil man, jim At least not anymore I just wish the farrells could have heard him speak It wouldn't have made any difference I know you see me Hello, alexis -You don't like me,do you? -Does it matter? Look, you were right. I shouldn't have told anyone about melinda's gift It was my first year at college. I was desperately trying to fit in.And... you know how it is Ok, maybe you don't know how it is. But that's how it was to me What I'm trying to say is...I wonder if you could set up a meeting between me and melinda I know it's not easy to forgive sometimes Maybe just try to talk to her -what can I get you? -I'll have a tuna sandwich What do you wanna order? Jim? -Jim -I'm not hungry Well, you have to eat I am not hungry -Tell me what you're feeling -It doesn't matter It does matter.I can help you I feel totally,completely alone.It doesn't matter who I'm with -And I feel like it will always be like this -Those are not your feelings -You know that. They're his. -They're strong I love you...so much.You know that? Well, then just focus on that Keep julian at a safe distance He just feels hopeless 'cause the farrells denied him. And he feels lonely because... -we have to find his wife and son -No. We can't.We can't -It's beyond hope with them. -It is not beyond hope with them Maybe if his wife knows that he's...dead, she'll have a change of heart My wife hates me,and I don't blame her I betrayed her in every way that a husband can betray a wife -What about your son? -I think about my son all the time Do you know...I didn't even try to know him Isn't it worth a try at forgiveness? I lost my son.And I don't have the right to expect anything from him.Ok? Julian. You have to trust me when I say that there is hope I've been through it with others I've seen how the lost of a loved one can affect the survivors But I don't care what you say.It is not beyond hope Julian,this is your chance, huh? You got to take it Ah, julian, come on Ok However this goes down,I just wanted you to know that I respect what you do -I mean, this calling -Jim-- -and so if this doesn't go well-- hey. It's gonna go well.You're gonna be ok There Rachel Uh...excuse me.Rachel, hi My name is melinda gordon.This is my husband jim. Can we talk to you for a few minutes? -How do you know my name? -Through your husband,julian -What has that son of a bitch done now? Oh, he hasn't done anything. He... except die Well, uh...I knew it would happen sooner or later -I guess it's sooner -I told you this was a bad idea Um, he had some last words to share with you -You were with him when he died? -No, but my husband was. It's It's more complicated than that. Can we...can we please come in? Joseph? My son All...all grown up Just for a minute Ok, ok, back up here.You're telling me you're talking with julian? -Like his dead ghost or something? -Yes -Even I feel his presence Oh, you feel his presence? Bet you've had a few sleepless nights Look, I left julian behind a long time ago. I got a life. I got a job. I raise my son She can feel me.I can tell -Julian says that you can feel him -I don't believe in that spirit stuff You did. When we went to see that fortune-teller on coney island -The one who told us that we were gonna get married What about the fortune-teller at coney island? -Who told you about that? Julian's telling me about it.Said it's the best day he can remember -You were so beautiful that day.Remember? -Stop it -In you sundress and sandals.Did a sandal break? Did he have to carry you? -Stop it! How do you know about that? You can't!You can't know that! -You tell her that I love her. -He loves you -Tell her everything. -And he's sorry for the pain he caused -Tell her that I deserved to die. -I can't say that Say what? Tell me He said that...he deserved to die for hurting you and he can't hurt anyone anymore And tell her that I forgive her for turning me into the police -Tell her that she did the right thing. -He says you did the right thing turning him into the police I didn't turn him in Is that what this is about?Are you trying to get me to admit that I blew the whistle on my husband? -No. No. Julian thought-- -I don't care what he thought.I'm telling you I didn't turn julian in I did Joseph, you called the police on your father? -Why? -Because I didn't want him making you miserable I couldn't stand to watch anymore, but I didn't know he'd die I just wanted him to go away for a while -Joseph-- -don't touch me It's because of me he's dead What's happening? Uh, julian's laughing Why? Because it was my son who turned me in Not you, rachel. My son. Protecting his mother He's happy that you were protecting your mother. He's telling you you did the right thing -That makes me wanna hug him -You're lying -No, I'm not -You see him?  -Yes Then what's behind his right ear? -What? -Behind his right ear! He put a tattoo there that he said was for me when I was born. what is it? It's a white dove. Wings outstretched What else does he say? He wants you to become the man he was trying to be-- to learn forgiveness -He says that being unforgiving... -is like drinking poison Is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die -Ask rachel if she got my letters -He's asking about some letters I didn't open them.I was mad at him Do you still have them? He wants you both to read them. He said it'll help you understand Look at them--my beautiful wife and son I had it all. You know? And I just threw it away He's sorry that he threw your love away He didn't throw it away.Julian! Even though you tried. God knows when you went to jail, I tried But, damn it, I always loved you He needs to cross over now. But he can't do that until he knows that you forgive him We do.We do forgive him And tell him...that I love him, too I wish there was something I could do Tell him there is something he can do Go to the parents of the man that I killed. Find a way to befriend them.But don't tell them who you are Do good things for them.Make their lives easier Make a difference I'll tell him Jim? Is he gone? I am so glad andrea talked you into having this lunch with me Actually, andrea told me not to come -What? -But it's been an extraordinary weekend,and, um... I've just been doing a lot of thinking about forgiveness and what people do to each other Wow.That is so cool of you, migs So then now, I guess,would be a good time for us to talk about what happened freshman year Oh.Migs, look...my thing...ah. My thing is,don't dwell. You know? -Dwell? -No matter what happened back then I totally, totally believe in what you can do. In fact, it's why I'm here -What? -Do you remember my aunt ruth? Kind of a pain in the butt, bad breath.She lived outside grand view She got sick last summer.I put in some long, hard weekends with that woman toward the end And she totally promised me she was leaving me this emerald necklace.Like real emerald,melinda with diamonds all around it and everything Anyway, she died.And guess what.No necklace. I combed the entire house So I saw you. I thought... -what? -Um, I suddenly feel much better Oh. Good.Good. You know, me, too 'Cause I realize that what you did to me is nothing compared to what you do to yourself every day And, um, it gives me some perspective. You know? Wow. Time has just...zoomed right by.I got to run Um, this was, uh, fun, lexi.And, um, as far as the necklace goes.well, I would, uh... I would keep looking -------------------------- Proudly Presents -------------------------- Sync: YTET-Ã÷ÔÂ¼¸Ê±ÓÐ -==www.ydy.com/bbs==- Ghost.Whisperer