really gets to me. After the eighth time? Yes, after the eighth time. I don't even know why I'm crying over a movie. I should be crying over about overwhelmed I am at the store right now. You need more help? Besides delia? No way. No, she's just... preoccupied. Getting ned into that private school proved to be a full-time job. Right, at the busiest time of your year. Pretty much. Yeah. But the leaves have stopped changing, so soon, the tourists will go home. Look, you need to take a break now, so hear me out, ok? My mother is gonna have another one of her procedures. Ha ha. Tuck or lift? I don't ask. But, look, she's gonna be in the recovery center for at least a few days. You and I can use her apartment in the city. Sounds great. Good. - Ghost in the house? - Hi, um, are you ok? No, just a drunk guy. Hey, somebody get some water, please. Call 9-1-1, please. Are you all right, there? My name's jim, you feeling anything? I'm sorry, jim. Oh, it's all right. Put your hand down. Do you feel anything here? All right, good. we really need an ambulance. He needs to know... I'll always be with him. You're worried about him? I can help you talk to him. Can you give him one of those? Then he'd know. Yeah, I could do that. I should probably tell him who it's from. What's your name? God, what an idiot I am. The entire rockland U.Rugby team, and I pass out on their table like a drunken fool. It's all right. The good news is, you can hide in here until your cab comes. Thanks. I owe you. Water? No, thank you. But if you ever need a lawyer, I'm your- that's a pretty serious sedative. You're taking these tonight? Yeah, I've been, uh, I've been going through a rough patch. Rougenh ough to want to kill yourself? Because you mix these with alcohol, that's what's going to happen. I know. Just lately, I, uh- - what? Huh, feel like I'm going crazy. Like, uh... well, ha ha, like I'm being watched, and that's nuts, and this-this makes it better. Yeah, maybe you need to get some different help. I actually might know someone who- - right, you're right. You know what, thank you, and tomorrow I'm gonna- this is for you. Who? Who told you to do that? Colleen. Colleen, but she'S... holy... that woman was my worst nightmare. This can't be happening. Because that girl, colleen... she died, so, um, how could you talk to her? Just take a minute. Sober up before you have any conversations- if she wasn't your girlfriend, then who was she? Colleen, um, heh... oh, we, uh... we went out a couple times. She was an intern at my firm for about 2 years. She was cute, smart, but... oh, god, this... this is messed up. Yeah, it is. You see, everybody thought she was so great, you know? But when we went out, I saw something, you know? She was-she was... off. And she fell for you? I don't know exactly what happened, but when I didn't ask her out anymore, she, uh, she flipped. Just became... obsessed with me. How, like stalker obsessed? Yeah. I mean, pretty much. Look who's still up studying the... 5 classifications of stalkers. A little light night reading. It's a real grimm's fairy tale. It starts off creepy and then goes to terrifying. What are you still doing up? I was getting a little lone wlyaiting for you to come to bed. I'm sorry. I just couldn't stop thinking about that poor guy. That's all right. I'll substitute food for love. You want a P.B.And j? No, thanks. Hey, did you know that most stalkers actually believe they're in a relationship with the person they're stalking? Wait, so colleen really thinks shane is her boyfriend? Yeah, and they're usually mentally ill. But colleen, she has this kind of... tic. Huh, you know, that makes me wonder, because, uh, sometimes muscle twitches or tics can be a side effect of anti-psychotic drugs. That's interesting, but I think she is more of an intimacy seeker. Wants to be loved by her victim. Usually sending flowers, love notes, rarely violent. So you think, uh, shane doesn't have to worry about bringing in the pet rabbit just yet? No, the fatal attraction stalker is actually called the predatory stalker. They like to isolate or control their victims. Well, pretty much any stalker ghost would be creepy to me, so I could kind of understand shane was on a bender. You kn,ow in some twisted way, colleen actually believes she cares about shane, which means I have to convince her that the best thing for him is for her to move on. Well, if she really is a stalker, you know where to find her. And, uh, you know where to find me. I know you are not about to take that peanut butter up into my bed. Uh, no, no. I was gonna take this peanut butter up into my bed. Colleen calling... Stop it! Every monday... an orange rose. Don't forget. Colleen, I think you've got it wrong. You're confused. Shane is not your boyfriend. You have to send them every monday. You know, the best thing that you could do for shane is to go into the light. No. He needs to know how i felt. Well, I admit the night is pretty fuzzy, in fact, I'd kinda chalked it all up to being a drunken idiot, but I guess that's wishful thinking, isn't it? Yeah. I'm just gonna cut right to the chase. I see spirits, earthbound spirits, and I've seen colleen. So... you're telling me you see ghosts? I know that it's hard to believe. This is wild, but, um... well, I kinda knew it. Yeah, don't ask me how- hold on, wait, is she here right now? No. No, she was downstairs. She - like the phone and the door? Wow, ok. At first I was little bit relieved, but now I'm kind of freaking out. You see, colleen, she was crazy. Ok, I don't think she wants to hurt you. If that helps you at all. she just needs to cross over into the light, and I can help her do that. Ok... uh, what I do until then? Once I get her to trust me, I might need you to talk to her. No, see, I don't - I don't want to talk to her. She's warped. No, she had this big fantasy of us together. Couldn't let it go. She'd make up these insane stories, like trips we had supposedly been on, romantic dinners, even arguments we'd never had. Did you ever feel threatened? Well, it never quite got to where she was leaving dead rats on my doorstep, but, yeah, she was- you know, she was sick, mentally- Hey, my lunch canceled, do you want to-oh. Excuse me. I see you've already made other plans. Uh, no, no, no, richard vaughn, this is melinda gordon. I met melinda and her husband last night. Oh, ha. My mistake. Just when I see a pretty woman in shane's office, I just assume. He's our resident heartbreaker. So I've heard. Uh, we had a mutual friend-colleen. Colleen? Oh, right, pretty intern. She was very nice, very nice. She had quite a thing for shane. Wasn't she the one that quit because he couldn't date interns? You're romanticizing again. She actually - I think she just found a better gig. It was a pleasure meeting you. Nice to meet you. Ok, that was completely embarrassing. The fact is, I rarely go out. I'm up for partner, so I pretty much live here. Do you know how colleen died? I heard it was some kind of accident, but I'm not really sure. Well, what about friends? Family, an address, anything, even a last name? Finn. Colleen finn. But that really is pretty much all I've got. I mean, I can check to see if the firm kept any records on her. Ok. Well, if you come up with anything, um, please call me. Definitely. Look... whatever's going on here, I really need it to stop. Promise. Hey, what a nice surprise. Hi there. Somebody call for a handyman? I thought I'd check that circuit problem, being that, uh, delia might be minding the store on her own this weekend. That's right, your mom goes into surgery on friday. Tell me I can live in hope and tell her to leave us the keys to her apartment, right? It's doable. It would just be more doable if I could talk to someone who knew colleen. I can't even find out where she lived or worked, for that matter. Didn't you say she was an intern? Have you checked all the law firms in the area? Yeah, that and every florist within a 10 mile radius. I mean, she obviously paid cash for those flowers 'cause there was no record of her. I really am stumped. I've pretty much used up my quote of favors at the police station looking for your dad. Yeah, I know, but colleen has got to be on a police radar somehow. I mean, she was stalking someone, so... ask. I mean, if it, you know, means a weekend away, like this one. It does. I promise. Oh, hey, battery? - Yep. - Ok. - Talk to you later. Love you. - Bye. It's paid to the end of the month. How'd you know it'd be vacant? I knew colleen. Oh. Maybe you'd know how to get in touch with her family, then? No one has come for her stuff. Actually, I was hoping you knew them. I'd like to talk to them, too. Well, it's weird, that whole who to contact section of her lease was blank. So you think maybe she didn't have any family? Seems that way. She'd only been here a couple of months. Kept to herself. Wouldn't even take the elevator, afraid she might have to ride with someone. Turns out, it would have been safer. What do you mean? She fell down the stairway. Didn't you know? And broke her neck? Yeah, that's how she died. You're not really here for a rental, are you? No. Actually, I'm here to understand more about colleen's death. Do you mind if I just take a moment, alone? I got ya. No problem. Thanks. Colleen? Colleen: He needs to know... how I felt. He was stalking you, wasn't he? Colleen, you don't have to do this anymore. Ok? He can't hurt you. You're safe now. There is no safe place. Yes, there is. In the light. I can help you. No. He's everywhere. You'll see. You are my desiny. Love, shane. Thank you. Oh, my god. Colleen, look, I know how upset you must be, and how angry. I'm gona ruin his life. I know that what he did was awful, and that you want revenge, but you were meant to move on, to move past this. Well, everything that you're doing, hiding in the shadows and... following people, that's him, not you. Do you remember where you died? I remember running. Was shane there? I don't know. That's ok. I'm sure you had friends, family, or someone we could talk to. No. He made them all go away. Just campbell. Campbell never left me. Campbell... who is that? Is that your boyfriend? Give me a minute, will you? This creep isn't stalking you now, is he? No, he's not. I just know that he really tormented colleen and you were the detective on the case, right? I didn't know anything about stalking, but this guy made me an expert. So why isn't he in jail? He's a lawyer. Knows his way around anti-stalking laws. And he's smart. He'll go right up to the line, but he won't cross it. He seems like such a solid guy. You know, he's on the fast track at his job, I mean, everyone likes him. A lot of these guys have high power careers. But a real relationship would get in the way of their work. So they create an imaginary one that they can control. Oh, I think shane carson really believes he was colleen's prince charming, you know? See, carson is what you call a sociopathic predator. He isolated her, pushed away everyone so that he would be the only one she had left. Then how could some creep make all of her friends leave? By making it so that she wasn't worth the trouble of knowing. He'd harass these people like you wouldn't believe. He'd make up lies, manipulate them, you name it. He wanted her all to himself. Do you think he had anything to do with her death? It was my first thought. But we went through all the evidence. I couldn't tie him to it. I can't tell you what it feels like to be a cop, and you can't help someone. I just wanted to see the light in her eyes again. You tried. And you keep trying, and I know that meant a lot to her. I'm not gonna rest until this son of a bitch is where he belongs. Be careful. Is that all you got? I really loved you, colleen. We were good together. Oh, but you never did appreciate all of the things I did for you. Even when you cheated on me... I forgave you. Like with that C.P.A.You remember him? I knew he wasn't right for you, but I let it play out. You hacked into his client's records. You know, I never told you this, but... I was there that night you broke up. Yeah, ha ha, I saw how that creep left you standing alone outside that restaurant. You canceled his credit card. The waiter wouldn't let him leave. And who was there for you through your tears? No, you, uh... you broke my heart, colleen. But you'll never hurt me again. You're alone! And desperate! - It's over. - Losing your mind! - We're through. - No! I really think you need to move on, colleen. I have. She needs me. Were you there when she said that? Didn't hit me till later what she meant. I don't think she even knew what she meant. Love's funny that way. No, she asked me to call her, but I don't know. It's always a delicate thing when someone'S... discovering their feelings. Oh, she might appreciate something more personal. Yes, thank you and I was wondering if our pd attrition never faxed over those medical forms that- yeah sure i'll hold. I'll be right with your guys morgon price academy that's a good school do you son go there? not yet, but we're hoping can i help you with something? actruly i m looking for Melinda. I know she's here what are you doing here? Bringing you... this. Look, I know who you are. And what you did to colleen. Hey, look, I understand how you feel. Ok, I do. You've only heard her side of it. Of course you think I'm a bad guy. But I'm not. And you know that. Deep down. We need just to sort all this out. And it so happens I know this great little folk art dealer upstate. Yeah, not even an hour away. Shane, I'm married. To a guy who has lots of cop buddies. Look... I'm sorry colleen mislead you, ok? But she mislead me, too. I know you want to hear me out. Shane, I am onto you. Ok? This is not going to work with me. Melinda? Are you ok? I think it's time for you to leave. And don't bring her into this. Oops, is this a- is this-is this a bad time? Yeah, it looks like it is. We want you to stay the hell away from me. Oh, got it. Can't talk now. Ok, well, cool. I'll be back later. Oh, and a real friend... a real friend doesn't tell someone whom they can and can't be with. It's happening again. No, it's not. He-he can't hurt you. But he can hurt you. Melinda, are you there? Delia? What's wrong? I was driving home, and I got a phone call from the academy. They told me that ned's school counselor called to inquire about special ed resources, like psychotherapy, remedial studies, for ned! Shane. Of course. This is how he works, he's trying to push you away from me. Well, now it looks like I lied on ned's application, and they will never let him in! It's started. What eles? He'll destroy everything... you love until there's no one but him. Till there is no safe place. I need to know if there's any way I can stop this guy. He's stalking you now, isn't he? Yeah, I think so, and I don't want to end up like colleen, so I need you to do something to trip him up. Carson probably latched onto you 'cause you're one of colleen's friends. You know, you gotta consider that everybody in your life may be at risk right now. Yeah, he already tried some stunt with my friend delia. How is he getting this information? He's annoyingly charming. And he's gotta know his way around computers. I mean, to do the things he did, you'd need access to socials, uh, passwords, mother's maiden names- yeah, but it's illegal. Yeah, only I'd need a subpoena to get the computer to prove he did it, and for that, I'd need evidence of wrongdoing. Plus, he works for a law firm. Exactly. Our only hope to nail this guy is to get a hold of those records. And so far, shane's been way too careful to let that happen. So other than that, there's absolutely nothing I can do to defend myself against shane? Why do you think I hate him so much? Hello? Ok. You know, I tried calling you, but my phone wasn't working. You really went all out. Jim? No, this is not happening! Get the hell out of here! I thought you'd be happy to see me. My husband is going to be home any second now! I don't think so. What does that mean? That surgical procedure his mother had to go in for, ha ha, some kind of complication. Yeah, he had to rush down there. Won't be back for a while. Hello? Anybody-hi. Hey, I'm here to see my mom, faith clancy. Willows medical spa, please hold. Oh, this can't be happening! No service Clancy? Yeah, she checked in a couple days ago. She is... Looks like she checked out already. Wait a minute, there's - there's gotta be some kind of mistake. Her doctor called me, dr. Litvack. Told me there was some kind of complications, told me to come down. Can you-can you check one more time? Clancy. Yeah, says right here dr. Litvack released her at 11:00 this morning? You sure? I'm sorry. You should have called first. Yeah, right. My cell phone's dead. The service is cut out for... - thank you for holding - some reason. Shane, you son of a - hey. I'm really, really sorry about this, it's an emergency. Come on, honey. Sorry. - He's here. - Yeah, I know, he's in my front yard. No. He's going around back. Ok, please remember if he pushed you down the stairs. I can'T. Can you tell me where he is now? I don't see him. What? He's gotta be out there! Maybe he's gone. - Oh, no! Melinda! Where is he? He's outside, out the window! Hey! Colleen? Colleen? He's gone. He jumped the fence. I saw a car, but I couldn't get a plate. I'm gonna call the cops. No. He cut the phone lines. Bastard. Honey... hey, hey, hey, hey, it's ok. I'm gonna go next door and call the cops. I'm right there, I'm right there. Colleen? Colleen? Colleen? I thought I could stop him. But I led him to you. He'll take your life now, too. No. No, that's not ever going to happen. I was wrong, and you were right. It is time for you to get your payback. What do you mean? We're gonna nail shane. We're gonna make sure he can never do anything like this again. How? Ok, shane was careful. But... there's gotta be something he thought no one would ever see... except a ghost. I need you to tell me everything you've seen since you've been stalking him. He really had files eonveryone in your life? Pretty much. From my apartment manager to detective campbell. Where does he keep the files? On his computer. He was looking at one when I was there. He... he was checking detective campbell's file. So he's probably keeping everyone's personal information in those files, like socials, I.D.Numbers. Did you see anything like that? I think there were numbers. I just remember thinking how strange it was. He had the date when david... detective campbell started smoking again. It's funny. I remember that, too. I gave him such greif about it, but now... I wish I hadn'T. Sounds like detective campbell meant a lot to you. He was the one person shane couldn't push away. He was too strong. He made me feel safe. You think we really can stop him? Or are you just trying to get me into the light? A little of both. Remember, shane's in court on the bergman case all morning. Assistant's name is francis. She thinks you're seeing shane. That's how he explained your last visit. Ok. That could actually help us. Oh, francis, nice to see you again. Yes. - Melinda, right? - Right. Um, I know that this is gonna sound silly, 'cause, well, shane is in court, but, um, he worked really late last night, and I think I left something behind. Oh. - I'll just go in- - ooh, it's awkward. And I know that shane and i would appreciate it if I could just go in and get it myself, seeing as how... I know what I left behind. Right. Go ahead. Thank you. Not that one. It's on his personal laptop. Nope. Ok, which one of these is gonna get me into the program? The first one. The other one gets you into the file. Ok. That's it. Great. Go, check. She's coming! What? So embarrassing. He must have moved it. What's that? Wait a minute... that's my shoe. That's me. I couldn't seen if he was and i paliced i ran out to the back on,god These are all of me. is there any way you guys were wrong, could shane have pushed her down those stairs? No. There was a security surveillance tape. Colleen was alone in the stairwell when she tripped. It was an accident. And I checked out carson's alibi, it was solid. Then how did shane take those photos? Maybe he didn'T. You should see something. That's a crime scene photo. Got it from the cop on colleen's case. It's a little gruesome, isn't it? I'm just wondering how you got it, and why you would hang it in your office. I'm gonna have my hands full with you. I'm a lawyer. I have friends in law enforcement. You framed a photos of colleen's dead body. That's a little strange, don't you think? It's my way of remembering her. Tell him how happy that makes me. Colleen is happy that you want to remember her. Well, I hope it brings her some peace. It does. Especially now that everyone's going to remember me. It does. She's especially happy now that she knows the whole firm will have something to remember her by. We sent copies to all the partners, along with a note explaining the artwork in your office. We also made a disk of all the files you kept on colleen. We sent emails to your clients, but that part was just for fun. You hacked my computer? Imagine that. Yeah, they have a paper trail showing how you destroyed colleen's life and everything that you did to her. News flash, nancy drew! You're just some nut I talked to once, and now you're all over me. These things you're accusing me of? No one cares. Yes, they do. Because you're a lawyer, remember? And you broke the law. She had 10 restraining orders against you. You stalked her, you harassed her, you stole her life long before she ever fell down those stairs, and your chances of making partner right now, by the way, zero. He's sweating. Don't stop. You're a pariah now. Now you have everything that you wished for colleen- no friends, no fans, and if there's justice, no job. It's over. If you wanted to break up, you - you should have said something. We just did. So, I think we're gonna get him on identity theft, of all things. Off the files I gave you? Not exactly. And I don't even wanna know where you got those. The photographs, along with colleen's police reports gave us enough to seize the laptop. I only wish she was here to see it. I think she knows. Anyway, I, uh. Appreciate all you did. This is enough to put carson away, and he won't be practicing law anymore, so his life's pretty much over. Feels really good to finally get this guy. So thanks. No. I may never see him again, I need to tell him... um, detective... yes? Colleen, uh, you should just know how much you meant to her. What do you mean? She wasn't as alone as you thought she was. She had you. And you never stopped caring about her. Something tells me that, uh, that wasn't because of your job. That obvious, huh? Remind him of the time he walked me home from the station. He was telling me about his first arrest when he was a rookie. Do you remember the night that you walked her home? You were telling her about your first arrest. She told you that? It was just a purss natcher. I chased him into this lake and collared him about chest-deep in water. And for 2 weeks after that, you had flippers in your locker and wet wings on your desk. She laughed so hard. I hadn't seen her smile like that in a long time. I just remember wanting to freeze that moment. And then you got to her house? I was standing so close... and I just remember this- a strand of her hair fell on my face. I just didn't want to move. I just wanted to kiss her so bad. Took everything I had not to. She trusted me, so... I couldn'T. Did colleen really tell you all that? Yeah. She also told me that she wished you had kissed her. hey, wait. What just happened? Well, believe it or not... hey, what's up? I thought you had the day off. I just wanted to drop by and tell you the good news. Ned's application got accepted at the academy. So how did you undo all the damage that shane caused? It wasn't easy, but we had his real school counselor call and just tell them it was a prank. I am so sorry that you got caught up in all this. What happened to that creep? Well, he got fired from his job, the county is pressing charges, he's out on bail, my guess is he's somewhere laying low, and jim is walking me home from work every night. That is so crazy. Well, I will see you tomorrow. I have more errands to run. You know what, I didn't bring those sconces up, because that basement is dead to me. All those lights just shorted out again. Ok. Bye. Jim just fixed that! Yeah, I'm looking for it right now. Ugh, I'll call you back, delia. Miss me? This is my husband. Like I care. Jim: Melinda, you're not gonna believe this, but- shane's dead, right? Yeah, oded. Pills, booze. We just got the call. How did you know? Because he's right here. Mel, get away from him, now! Melinda? Melinda! This worked out the best all around.