- ?? - ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? ?? ??? Where were you? At the--The firehouse. Oh, right. You told me that. I forgot. Later. oh! If that's sam, could you just tell him That i'm at the restaurant already? 'Cause I don't want him to cancel on me again. it's a telemarketer. What is going on? Well, it's just, he's been acting weird lately, You know, like something's changed. Like what? I don't know. It's like he can't trust me, which, Who can blame him? I'm always running around after ghosts Or hushed conversations with eli. But you do know. It's all about ghosts. Melinda, you have to tell him about it. I mean, at best he'll believe you, At worst, he'll think you're... eccentric. Like I did. What? Nothing. It's just, I was gonna tell him at dinner tonight, But a part of me was hoping That you would really talk me out of it. Why? You tell people you see ghosts all the time. Yes, but it's not usually followed up with, "Oh, by the way, "You're my husband's soul in another man's body. Could you--Could you pass the salt?" Are you planning on telling him everything? First i'm going to see how he deals with my gift, you know? Baby steps. good night. you didn't eat much. yeah, I guess i wasn't hungry. Well, i'm glad that you got some free time. Yeah, schedule's been crazy. Look, I wanted to spend time together, but... Never mind. Look... I think I know what's going on, And I just want to clear the air, Because I hate having secrets. Good. That would be great. What's wrong? It's like you've seen a ghost. Actually... what the hell? all right, so we got everything, right? So, um, how long do we have to stay at this hotel? Oh, probably just the night. If the events are as frequent as you say they are, I should know something by dawn. John, devin, what's going on? Oh, hey, melinda. We were just, um... Some weird stuff has been going on. Uh, noises, things moving. Then doors started opening-- Locked doors. Yeah, we're at the end of our rope. Yeah, see, I know you probably think This sounds crazy, And that's no offense to you, But when the plumber and the electrician couldn't help us, We didn't know who else to call, but-- Linus van horn, Spi--Supernatural, paranormal investigation. Oh, here's my card. What do you do, exactly? Uh, well, spectral beings emit energy, So I set up infrared still and video cameras, Ultra sensitive audio recorders, Thermal measuring... There are a lot of non-Believers out there. I'm guessing you're among them? no, no, no. It's just... - Really? - Absolutely. So if you ever need a ghost hunter-- no, that's all right. I'm already In hock to my, uh, witch doctor, but thanks. Witch doctors. Ghost hunters? Are people really this stupid? The clients, or the ghost guy? What's the difference? I mean, this is nonsense. Ghosts? Look, what you were saying about clearing things up-- You know what, i, um, i--Ugh, I forgot to write a check to the website guys. I'm just gonna run back to the store. I can go with you. That's ok. 'Cause i'm probably just gonna do some other things While i'm there, so i'll just-- I'll see you later. Right. I was this close! You know, to coming clean. And then this guy had to show up. You know, how is sam supposed to take me seriously When there's a hearse driving around town With a big, giant ghost on top? Well, what if there really is a ghost in your friend's abode? Well, then it needs to be handled respectfully And crossed over, you know? Not tormented and photographed by some guy Who has no idea what he's dealing with. Wait a minute. So these guys Actually really can detect ghosts? Yeah, some of them, but that's all, you know? They can capture recordings and sounds, But they can't communicate with spirits. So people end up spending All of this money just to confuse and anger ghosts, and make things worse. All right, our ability should be on a need to know basis. Otherwise, we run the risk of becoming a complete laughingstock. Trust me. Sounds like you speak from experience. yeah. I was almost outed by that shame the devil website. So you come to me to do what, rant? No, for help. Oh, boy. Please? Ok, will you just go over there And find out if there's a ghost, and cross him over? All right? And tell that guy To take his carnival act somewhere else, Because I really... I really need to tell sam the truth With just a little shred of dignity. if you want to learn about ghosts, You need the right equipment. That's a k-2 meter. That measures magnetic fields. Theoretically, if used properly, You should be able to get ghosts to communicate with you, You know, like 2 blips for yes, One for no sort of thing. Sounds primitive. Have you communicated with any ghosts? Uh, well, no, not yet. But I have heard them, Through evp. Electronic, um-- Voice phenomena, yeah. And i've seen them, too. Well, the recorded images. Here, check these out. Huh? Look at that. I used to use a t.I.D.C. That's a thermal imaging digital camera. Detects, you know, long wavelength Infrared, you know, things are invisible to the human eye. But then I upgraded to the m.F.S.C. I'm not gonna touch that one. That's a multi-Frequency sensitive camera. And ever since I got this baby right here, I've been detecting ghosts everywhere. They look like little specks of dust. Uh, yeah, But they were taken in total darkness Where there's no light to detect dust. I thought you said you were a believer. Oh, I do believe-- With the skepticism of science. Wow, that's a really hot ghost. What? Oh, no. I'm sorry. That's, uh, that's my ex-Girlfriend. And you got all this using your multi... Frequency sensitive camera, that's right. This baby right here. And not cheap. What do we do now? We turn off the lights and we wait. no, no, hey! Wait, shh, shh! Hey, hey, hey! look at this, come here! Oh! There is definitely a presence. Yeah, you can call it that. This is so weird. Usually when I pick up an e.V.P., Something comes up-- Stairs! Go towards the stairs! What? Whoa, whoa, whoa, there it is! Wait, is that-- Is that-- It's that, really. Come on, come on. I just saw my first ghost. Yeah. How did you know where it was? can you see us? www.1000fr.com presents Capture:FRM@´ó±¦ Sync:FRS@wdysai</font> GHOST WHISPERER S04E16 Are you listening? I said I saw my first ghost! Wait, so this ghost guy is the real deal? Only in that he can take pictures. Nothing else is new. Oh, really, miss I see ghosts all the time? Can us newbies bask a little? Please. Ok, enough basking. Did you talk to the ghost? No. But I kind of let it slip that I could hear them, So linus is extending his run. Ugh, eli, you validated this guy? No! I merely heard the ghost he photographed, Which means he's legit. Besides, won't this help you prove to sam that ghosts are real? Yeah, well, fuzzy orbs wouldn't have swayed me. Thank you. You know, eli, You have to cross this ghost. And get rid of this guy. Just give me a little bit more time. I don't have much more time. I know. But when I tried to engage her in a little one-On-One, She realized she was being videoed, she bounced. Great, so she's hiding something. It'd be so much easier if you just came over there and just-- I can't, ok? If I start hanging out at a house with a plastic ghost in front, Sam's gonna think i'm nuts. Ok, look, i did my research. Your friends bought that house in a probate sale From the estate of one evelyn bellsbury, Senior citizen who lived there from 1972 Until she vanished a few years ago. The case was never solved. Well, then, solve it for god sake, ok? Just find out what's keeping this mrs. Bellsbury here. Get her into the light so melinda can tell sam! I really, I just can't take much more of this! Ok! I'm on it. Ok, hmm... Melinda Gordon + Grandview Come on. Let's see who you are. ??? "Grandview antiques dealer melinda gordon Seems to be hiding a very mysterious sideline." ??? Damn it. trouble, no! No! Hey, sorry, but can't you read the sign? uh, i'm actually Not selling anything. Um, i'm--You're jeffrey crockett, right? I'm dr. Eli james. Um, i'm writing a paper On the plight of grandview's elderly, And, uh, I was wondering if you knew anything About your neighbor, evelyn bellsbury. Uh, a little. We bought the house 10 years ago, Right before she disappeared. I was hoping to learn a little bit more about that. Well, yeah. She was, uh, a really sweet old lady. We called her mrs. Blueberry Because she made the most amazing jellies and jams. Trouble! No! I didn't realize she was married. Well, she wasn't. It was just her And her parakeet as far as I know. Anyway, we were shocked when she went missing. Do you remember anything about that? Let's see, um, she brought over these scrumptious Blueberry tarts for the holidays. I mean, the filling was unbelievable. The pastry was like butter. It-- Trouble! And then a couple weeks later, There were cop cars out in front of her house. So she just left? Well, nobody really knows. I mean, her car was there, Her keys were in her purse in her house With her license and her passport. There was still a bunch of blueberry tarts on the windowsill. Any chance that she could have just wandered off? I don't know how far she would have gotten. She walked with a cane. Listen, I gotta let the dog out, you gotta go. Give me a 5 second head start, ok? hey. Sam, hey. Um, i'm sorry, but melinda Just stepped out for a while. Um, do you have any idea Where she might be? Um, actually I don't, but you're welcome to stay, Or I can just tell her that you stopped by. Oh, ok, yeah. She's pretty guarded, isn't she? Melinda? You know, where she goes all the time. What she's doing. Yeah, she's, um, Kind of a private person. Look, I don't want to seem like i'm checking up on her, ok, But I just can't shake the feeling That there is more going on in her life than... Selling antiques. She's, um... Complicated. I know. I get it, I do. And that's cool. Just lost her husband, and maybe i'm asking for too much, too soon. But if there is something going on with her, I just want her to know she can let me in. She will. I know she will. I hope so. Sam, melinda has got this huge heart. And she's such a good person, And she helps a lot of people, And she just doesn't like to be in the limelight or take credit. Credit for what? You just gotta give her some time. Yeah. And when she does talk to you, You gotta keep an open mind, ok? Like, wide open. Here you go. Coffee, and in honor of our ghost, Blueberry pastries. 'Cause I did a little research, And our ghost-- Is most likely evelyn bellsbury, Who the neighbors affectionately refer to as mrs. Blueberry. So you met trouble. Yes, I met trouble, and I brought him dog biscuits, too. I really do my homework. You know, if mrs. Bellsbury Tells us what happened to her, She could be-- She could be the one. The one? Yeah, I mean, people may think That folks like you and I are crazy, But if we can actually prove that a ghost helped us solve A missing person's case... oh, she's here! Hit the lights. Come here. Holy cow. Talk to her. Talk to her! Evelyn? Can you tell me what happened to you? Whoa, she's on the move. Here. Put these on. She's moving kind of slow because-- She walked with a cane. Yeah. Oh, look! There it is. Oh, my god. It really is her. This is awesome! Wait, wait, wait, wait. That's the door the occupant said kept opening. Even when it was locked. I got goosebumps. Do you have goosebumps? Mrs. Bellsbury?! She's gone. Sorry, sorry, sorry. My bad. Cake mix? Cake mix? It's empty. Hey, look, there's a false bottom to this. 13 cents. It's an old savings passbook. Look at this-- Right before she disappeared, She withdrew everything she had in cash. Do you think she hoarded all of her money In these cake boxes? Yes, I do. But where's the money now? Little old lady, living alone. Withdraws all of her savings, and then-- Wait, wait, you think somebody knew That all of her money was here? Could have been anyone. Housekeeper or someone Who followed her home from the bank. - 'Cause the next thing-- - She disappears. She leaves a fresh batch Of blueberry tarts just sitting on the windowsill, Cooling. What a waste. ??? murder! We're talking murder! Poor little mrmrs. Blueberry, She put all her money into dry goods, And they whacked her! All right, keep your voice down! God, what are you, in the mob? Wait until you see the footage. did he upload this to his website already? yeah, guy's gotta make a living. And if linus cracks a murder, He's on his way to some serious ghost coin. I thought you said this was a passion for him. It is! And after seeing my first spirit, I'm thinking about quitting my day job, too. You were that inspired By some shifting, grainy blob? Don't call mrs. Blueberry a blob. She's a nice, murdered little old lady. How do you know? She baked treats. How do you know that she was murdered? Ok, so, fine, she led you to some stored money-- Uh, all of her money, Withdrawn days before she disappeared. One day it's gone, and so is she. What? What, you think she went to paris and left her tarts on the windowsill? I don't know. The woman was 76 years old. Maybe she forgot about them. oh! I forgot about them! Why can't this be murder?! Are you jealous because i'm playing with linus and not you? look, if she was killed by somebody, Why wouldn't she just tell you that? - Sam! - Hey. Eli! Melinda. Eli. Sam. Yeah, I just, uh, i thought i'd come by. I saw you were home, and... What is that? Uh, that's-- That's the guy. That's the ghost guy, right? Yeah, uh, eli was just showing it to me. Yeah, uh, I was talking to him. I like people who are different and stuff. Wait a minute, what's that? Supposed to be some kind of ghost? I think so, yeah. Yeah. How did he do that? What makes you think he did anything? What, you guys don't believe in this stuff, do you? Well, I mean, he recorded sounds And some energy moving around. Yeah, well, it's easy enough to doctor footage, isn't it? Well, yeah, I guess so, but the neighbors did say that they heard voices, You know, when nobody else was home. Right, hearing noises, like bumps in the night. It's basically air and plumbing. And energy moving around, isn't that just when We forget where we put our keys? Well, what makes you so sure? You know, I barely know who I am right now, So i'm not sure about much, but the one thing I am sure of Is that ghosts aren't real, And i'm very sure that guys like this who say they are Are just preying on other people's fears. what's up with jim's negativ-O attitude About all things paranormal? You'd think a ghost ate his dog or something. Yeah, it's weird. I mean, jim was never like that, not at all. When you told him, he just jumped right in a believer? All I know is, he-- He believed in me, And somehow it's harder for him to do that. oh, wait, ok! Listen, I really get the sense-- And this knucklehead, He's not making it any easier. what can you do? Nothing! It's probably fine. Look, you said a woman was murdered in our house and she's still there. How is that fine? it's, uh--Oh, hi. Hey, I was just coming by to see how everything's going. Honestly? Terrible. Guess what? We bought a haunted house. - Honey, i-- - You saw the proof! You guys are talking about the previous owner, right? Mrs. Bellsbury? Did you ever meet her? No. Did you? No. Did you actually-- Did you actually see her? I mean, how did she make her presence known? Well, we started hearing clanging And banging in the night. And the jars would rattle in the basement. The jars? You know, the sealed glass jars People buy for canning. She left hundreds of them. Uh, look, we, uh, we have to re-Register at the hotel If we're going to stay another night. It's good seeing you, melinda. - ?? - And you, you call us if there's any resolution. And I truly believe that spirits Do not mean us any harm, you know, They just want to be heard and understood! You didn't tell me about jars. I didn't know about them, i still don't. Ok, well, you said that she was hiding her money in the pantry. Then it's gone, what else is missing? Um, her body? The fruits of her labor. Ok. All right, she was stocking up. What year did she go missing, exactly? Uh, I guess it was 1999. So the last time that the neighbors saw her, It was christmas. But what if--What if she wasn't saving up for christmas? What if it was for new year's? Mrs. Bellsbury? If it is you, Can you please tell me what happened-- Oh, no. No. No, no, no. Hey, wait, wait, come back! She's here! Um, she's, um, she's here! She's here! He's a psycho. Let's go. what is that? Do you hear that? I don't hear ghosts. You do. Oh, right. Oh. Come here, Why is she making that noise? No! Whoa. Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. What happened? are you seeing this?! It's mrs. Bellsbury! I know that dress. I saw it in a photo. Holy cow! Hello, are you seeing this?! I see it! I saw it. And? Right body, wrong ghost. The pressure latch jammed. She got locked in. Wasn't a robbery, either. The police said they found Her life savings down there. Minus the 13 cents we found in that cake box. So much for robbery murder. Yeah. I'm glad about that. Look, i'm gonna try and grab some more gear, See if I can get in there. The police might need my help, you know? There's still a story to be told here. And thanks to this puppy, i'm the man to tell it. I think mrs. Bellsbury's been at peace For a long, long time now. Are you sure you didn't see her spirit? Not unless she was trans-Gendered Or cut twenty years off her age. What was she doing down there? I think she was preparing for the millennium. I mean, the jars, the preserves, The money that she was hiding in her secret room. A panic room. She was making a panic room because 1999 Was coming to a close. Yeah, the whole world was freaking out. You know, january first, 2000. The computers were supposed to fail; Banking systems collapse. Life as we know it would cease. She was a y2k nut. But who's the ghost that led us to her? I have no idea. Neither does linus. And mrs. Blueberry sure ain't talking. Wait a minute. Linus. What if we're right? What if the ghost isn't someone in her life Or the new owners? Who else does that leave? Linus? But I only said that 'cause you said it already. Ever since he got his fancy equipment, His very accurate fancy equipment, He's been able to see ghosts everywhere. I haven't seen ghosts everywhere. Have you heard any? I just assumed he was exaggerating. What if he wasn't? What if the reason he's the only one who's finding ghosts Is because he's the one who's haunted? Anyway, as you can see, there's a lot of activity here. it's unbelievable! I've gotten 3 calls from reporters, 2 new clients, and my website Is getting slammed with hits. Congrats. You're the one that figured out That mrs. B was canning for catastrophe. You should be sharing some of the credit. I appreciate that, but I prefer To keep what I do private. Why? It's so cool. Eli, you could change the way that people think About the dead, about the unknown, About everything. Yeah, well, it might change the way people think about me. you can't-- You can't be worried about that. I--I--Yes, I know, I paid the price for believing, But it doesn't matter, 'cause it's important to me. Why? I mean, one day i heard ghosts, I needed an explanation. But you, you took a leap of faith long before you had proof. Oh, I had proof. Believe me. I grew up in a bad part of the city. And when we were 9, My friend, he got shot. Just crossing the street. It was pretty hard to feel safe after that, But... i did. Why? My grandmother told me that he was with me. Your friend who died? Did your grandmother have the gift? well, she can't see or hear ghosts, But she believes in guardian angels. And she said that I have one with me now. And she must have been right, Because how else would I have gotten out of there? Gone to college, graduate school. All along the way, being guided to people who would help me. Well, like carrie. Carrie? Who's carrie? Is that someone who died? No. No, no, no. It's my ex-Girlfriend. You saw her picture. Yeah. Even after she broke up with me, She loaned me the money to buy that multi-Frequency sensitive camera. I mean, is that nice or what? Um, mixed. But i'm interested in this guardian angel. Is he still with you? Sure, yeah, I guess. Do you think it's someone other than your friend Who died as a child? Say a man, mid-Fifties, you may have known? That's pretty specific, eli. Do you know anyone who died who matches that description? No, no, not a soul. Why? Do you hear somebody around me? Because i'm pretty sure that carrie would have captured something like that. Carrie, your girlfriend? No, no, no, no. I named my mfs camera in her honor. Ok. When you said carrie picks up ghost images, Basically everywhere you go since you got it-- Her, There's a spirit around you. Spirits are everywhere. I mean, I just didn't see them until I got carrie. When was that, exactly? He doesn't know anyone who fits that description? He didn't seem to, but I do know when he started clocking spirit stuff. Spirits, or this particular spirit? That's for you to figure out. I got papers to grade. But it all started when his girlfriend carrie gave him the boot And a nice loan for his fancy camera-- A rather large loan. Eli, i'm not a jealous guy. I mean, she and i haven't been dating long enough For me to even be jealous. But, look, i have to say, I do notice you coming in and out of melinda's At all hours, I do. We're friends. I know that, And that's not what i'm after here. I don't think for a minute that you guys are involved. Not for a minute? I mean, we're not, but... a minute? Eli... I'm here about the bodies. Excuse me? The dead people that tend to surface Every time melinda becomes interested in something. There was--There was the little girl At the bottom of the well She was suddenly fascinated by. There was the sorority girl lost in the woods. She wasn't dead. Nearly dead. And then there's the old lady that they just found. Look, eli, tell me, i know you worked on this case. Case? What are you talking about? I'm a professor. Yeah, but you're also a clinical psychologist Who consults with the police. What makes you think that? Because you told me one night, over drinks. I gotta quit drinking. You had one beer. That's pathetic. I gotta quit bragging. Look, I talked to delia and she said, look, Cut melinda some slack, ok, because she does so much For the community, You know. She helps people. Now you tell me, how does an antiques dealer do that? Well, you can do stuff. Ah, you can't tell me. All right, i'll say it-- She's a profiler, isn't she? Well, if she was, and i'm not saying she is, Don't you think it should be her place to tell you? She lies to me. And I just want to know why. And if she's not working with the law, Then what the hell is she doing? Please. Ok, look. Her official title is criminologist, ok? But she operates completely and totally under the radar. The fed insist on that. Yeah. So linus sent you to me for a reference? Well, how did you know you were haunted? I've, um... i've sensed things around me, I'm guessing that you believe in what linus does. What's important is that he believes. He's not in it for the money. When I was with him, I had to push him to even bill for his time. Do you-- Do you feed the birds like that every night? no. It's a baby raccoon. I think its mother abandoned it. Oh. I guess i'm just the patron saint of lost causes-- Like linus. I'm guessing that he wasn't having much luck When you with him. Finding ghosts, I mean. No. Not too many. But did you see him on the news last night? He found this woman who had been missing for years. If only some people could see him now. Who are we talking about? My father. He, uh, he died. I'm sorry. He was always so hard on linus. You know, he thought he was Such a loser and a kook, A pile of wasted potential. Not someone to build a future with. And when the rent checks kept bouncing And a fun date Meant going to the impound to get the boot off our car... I caved. And I dumped him. But you missed him. A lot. Enough to buy some new equipment for him? Well, after my father died, i didn't see the harm. Do you--Do you have a picture of him? Your father? Yeah, why? I think I can tell you in a minute. If I could just see a picture. Ok, I have some on my phone. He would roll over in his grave If he knew what I did with his money. Yeah, I think he's done much more than that. ??? Well, I guess the linus show is extended once again. But what people don't realize is the ghost h he's looking for Is his ex-Girlfriend's father. What is wrong with you? You'd think as a shrink i'd know what to do with my anger, But look at me, my body is vibrating. You're really that mad? I mean, he's a ghost. They lie to us all the time. No, this is different. Linus can't detect ghosts like us, Ok, but that never shook his faith. He doesn't deserve to be deliberately mocked this way. Wow, you really care about him. Yeah, I do. He's kind of like my protÉG?. He kinda looks up to me. Aw, that's cute. It's not cute, it's serious. I hope this ghost creep stays earth-Bound forever. I'm just glad the old man screwed up so bad He made linus look like an actual genius. You just said that the ghost actually Made linus look like a genius. Yeah, his plan backfired, precisely. What if that was his plan? Ok? What if-- What if that ghost is actually trying to help him? Oh, great. So now all of a sudden, the ghost is a good guy? What would be wrong with that? What am I supposed to do with my anger now? Walk it off. All right? We have to go talk to linus. Go. Walk. With a full night to observe, maybe two, I can confirm whether or not your manifestations Indicate a spectral infestation. So this is for real? Those machines can prove we have actual ghosts? Didn't you talk to devon and john? Well, what happens after? How do you get rid of them? Uh, well, I mean, there's a whole process. Um, but detection is the first step To elimination. Could you excuse us for a minute? Yeah, of course. So I guess word of mouth is good for business. You know, it's like ever since that mrs. Bellsbury thing, It's like everybody who has air in their plumbing Has a ghost. It's not that i'm saying that they don't. It's just I feel kind of bad taking advantage, you know? So is that how john and devon found you? Is you helped somebody they knew? Actually, there's a funny story to that. Both john and devon each said that they found their browser Open to my website. And they thought that the other one left it for them. I've seen evidence of ghosts interacting with electronics before, But.. it's almost like mrs. Bellsbury Wanted me to find her, you know? Yeah, it's a lot like that. Ok. Ok, you may be right. The ghost may not be evil. Yeah, which means he's been leading you this whole time-- To the money stash, the basement room, Everything. But we did some pretty good detective work. I mean... And the ghost had us look where he wanted. Look, I wasn't suggesting That you're not a good profiler. You, either. The best. Yeah, except i'm not a profiler. What? Sam stopped by earlier. Had some questions. eli! And I was a vault on the whole ghost thing. I didn't say anything, not a word, not even a syllable. The whole ghost thing? Yeah. Sometimes you have to use A smaller lie to cover the larger one. What did you tell him? He may have gotten the impression That you sometimes work for the government. The government?! Fbi, really. Fbi?! As a profiler, but it sounds pretty sexy, right? Hey! - Oh, my god. - ?? - Are you ok? - ?? - Are you ok? - I'm ok. You were running so fast-- Jacob, honey, what happened?! - I'm ok. - You ok? I'm ok. I just fell. What are you scared of? Why were you running? He said there were ghosts! He said that? Is that true? You told this child there were ghosts in his house? No, I was trying to explain to the parents how this all works-- Wait a minute, how what works? How your camera takes pictures of things that aren't there? Or how to make out the check? Sam, listen, i think that You don't understand the whole picture. No, I think I do. The credit this guy Is taking for finding a dead body actually belongs to someone else, And none of this has anything to do with ghosts! - Well, actually-- - No, I know this. I'm not going to tell you how I know this, but I know it. No, you don't! Melinda, you don't have to defend him-- Yes, I do! Linus is telling the truth. What? I don't understand this. It's all real. Linus, the ghost, the machines. Melinda, I can make you a ghost detector machine in 5 minutes. You need batteries, diodes, and-- Yeah, except I don't-- I don't need the machine to tell me that it's real. I see ghosts. I have since i was a little kid. All right, if this is supposed to be funny, it's not. ?? Come on, come on. What took you? I got everyone here, But i'm a little stuck without my eyes. Is this ghost ready for the big crossover? Why don't you ask him? Well, he's here, i established that, I just don't know what kind of mood he's in. Better than mine. Oh. Ahh, that thing with sam? Let's just get this over with. That's the attitude. Carrie, hi. Um... Your father's here, and I think there's something he wants to say to you. Not only her. I want to say something to linus. And to linus. I'm sorry that i doubted you When you told me what you believed about ghosts. I don't know if I can do this. I remember when linus first explained Where his belief came from. His guardian angel. He remembers when you told him about your friend, The one that died. That was the first i brought linus home. Probably not the best way to make an impression. I thought he was weak-Minded to believe in such nonsense. Until I was dead, i never... Understood how alone he must have felt. Or how strong he was to believe anyway. Nolan says he never appreciated How hard it must have been for linus to believe When everyone doubted him. And to think my not believing Might have ruined their chance at love... I couldn't go on until I made it right. Nolan couldn't stand the idea That his doubt kept you two apart. So that's when he found mrs. Bellsbury And led linus to her. He thought if linus got some credibility for the case, It would bring carrie back to you. Is that about right? Thank you. Thank you. You've given me the greatest joy. He's crossing over, and he says good-Bye. Come here. Why is it so hard? What? Believing. Hey. You got a minute? You must hate me right now. Hate you? For making you feel bad about...what you do. Look, who the hell am I to-- It's not your fault. It's just a sensitive thing for me. Ever since i lost my memory, and my life. I try to latch on to things that are solid, And so it's made me allergic to things that are... Not so solid. That makes sense. It's funny. Because some of the best things in my life right now Make no sense at all. Like what? Like us. We don't make any sense? No, me waking up out of this coma And the only thing i know are my feelings for you. I can't explain it. I-- I have to rewind the tape. No, please, let's-- Let's not rewind the tape. Right. If you're looking for something solid... What about ghosts? Why would I let something I can't see come between us? Because this thing that I do, it's-- it's a really big part of me, And if you don't believe in it, i-- Hey, you needed a little time and a little space To get ready to tell me this. Let me have the same to get used to it. Take all the time you need.