You're back. Do I know you? I see the same guy that you see. It's not jim. I just know what I see when I look in those eyes, And jim is in there somewhere. Wait, you're not gonna tell me you think I'm your husband reincarnated. I see ghosts. It's this thing that I do. It's a really big part of me, And if you--If you don't believe in it, I-- Hey, you needed a little time and a little space To get ready to tell me this. Take the all time you need. No, no, no, no, no no. It's easy, ok? I'll walk you through it. Do you see the light? No? All right, we'll try it again. Ok! Great. So you do see the light. Ok. So now just press the star key and enter the code. Ok. Good. All right. I'll see you later. Bye. Morning. Sorry. Delia is having some trouble With our security system. Ah, that's good. Oh. Oh, you thought that I-- "Into the light." You know. Well, to be fair, It looks similar, only minus the earpiece. Do you mind? I really need some coffee now. No, it's fine. Help yourself. Look, I know that this is hard to wrap your head around, But I wanna be an open book with you, Especially with you. Ok. Uh, well, that's good, Because I got a lot of questions. Well, I have some answers. All right, so... This is what it looks like, right, When you talk to them? And how they-- Wait a minute. First of all, Are there any of them around here right now? No, but they do visit me here, I mean, some because they need my help And they know that I have a gift, And others just pop up when you least expect it. And you just talk to them. Yeah. I help them figure out Why they're still earthbound, you know, Get them into the light. And eli does the same thing. In his own way, yes. Wow. All part of the day's work, I guess. It's not every day. It's just... When they do show up, I feel like it's my job to help. Right. Melinda, I wanna believe you. I mean, "a," because I'm crazy about you, But, "b," because it's just so amazing. I... Look, I'm off today, and I just-- I wanna go down and check in to the job site, but can I come back And just hang out with you and... Watch you do what you do? Bad idea. What's wrong? No, it-- No, it's just this is more than what I do. It's who I am. Hey, no, no. No ghost jokes, I promise. Cross my heart and hope to die. Nope. Not a ghost in sight. Now, wait a minute. What about, uh-- What about when the lights went off in the hardware store? Power failure. Oh, and those boxes that fell at the post office... - Just gravity. - Yep. I gotta say, I'm a little disappointed so far. Are you kidding? A day without ghosts is like a vacation. I mean, it is nice to be able to run errands without being harassed, Although the day is young. Hmm. All right, whatever you say. Look, I gotta run in here And grab a check from my boss. He's, uh, redeveloping this whole place As a school, grade by grade. - Cool. - Yeah. ??? Oh, wow. Cute kids. Yeah. I do remember likin' them. ??? What is it? You look like you've seen a ghost. 3, actually. There's-- There's one by the tree, One on the merry-Go-Round, and... One on the swing. Really? What was this place before you guys renovated it? Some kind of clinic, I think. Ok, everybody, let's line up. Snack time. - * alouette... * - what? I think some of the patients are still here. can you see us? www.1000fr.com presents Capture:FRM@´ó±¦ Sync:FRS@wdysai</font> GHOST WHISPERER S04E17 Parkdale academy was providence care clinic, Established 1962, and prior to that... It was the valley springs sanatorium. A mental hospital, which would explain the ghosts I saw. I know exactly what you're thinking. Maybe this was something she already knew Or something she once heard and then she just forgot. You had your doubts, too? Ah, big doubts. Well, what finally convinced you? I just saw all the people that she helped, You know, most of which didn't even believe her either at first, so... Ok. There are ghosts. But how can they be threatening? Uh, it depends. I mean, Sometimes the ghosts can be benign. Other times, they're a complete nuisance, And then the really troubled ones, They can be dangerous. How so? Well, in this case, for example, You're dealing with children Under the age of 10, so they could be Influenced by them, 'cause kids that age, They can see and talk to ghosts. We grow up, and it goes away, There's no room in the rational adult brain. Well, I have no memory of ever seeing ghosts. Which, in my case, would make that completely meaningless, so... Now that their home has been turned into a school, The ghosts could scare the children or even worse. And that's where you come in. What's your next step? Well, I have to talk to them, You know, figure out what's keeping them here, And then hopefully get them into the light. Yeah, but it's a kindergarten. I mean, they're not gonna let you in and let you say, "Hey, I wanna talk to ghosts." How are you gonna do that? I think you mean "we." not at all. We're delighted. I mean, all this time you were working here, And you never once mentioned you had a child. Well, we don't. Wait. Not yet. Oh. When is your due date? Oh, look. Not pregnant. Nope. Right. We're just planning ahead. - Oh. - Way, way ahead. 'Cause, you know, we don't even know if we wanna stay here or-- Move to the city. Right. And if we do stay here, you know, what are the best schools? Schools, yeah. It just seems a little crazy, huh? No, not at all. It's smart. I wish more parents had your foresight. So, how long have you been married? - W-We're not yet. - 6 months. He means that we're getting married... - in 6 months. - in 6 months. - Well, congratulations. - Thank you. Well, let me finish showing you around, And then we'll stop by the admissions office and pick up a brochure. Go ahead. Thanks. oh, hello. Hey, this is sam and melinda. They're checking out the academy. Hi. Nice to meet you. Well, we're all very proud of the school. Did they learn that beautiful french phonetically? I didn't teach them. They must have learned it in music class. ??? You think a ghost taught the kids that song? Well, you heard it for yourself. It wasn't one of the teachers. Well, there's gotta be a logical explanation. One of the kids learned it and then taught the others. Yeah, I would think the same thing, too, If I hadn't seen the ghost for myself. Well, wait. Since you didn't talk to her-- It--Them, what do you do now? We go and see eli. 'Cause he can hear ghosts? No, because the ghosts were mental patients, And he's a shrink. Oh. All the files from the valley springs sanatorium, They were donated to the psych department When the place shut down in '61. You're telling me you got all the files for this place here? Of all the things you need to digest, I'm thinking that's the least strange. Right. - Yeah. That's her. - Oh. Wow. I pulled pictures of women who fit the description. Greer clarkson. Is that the ghost that you saw? Well, according to her file, She was committed shortly after giving birth. She said that she was having dark thoughts. Sounds like p.P.D., postpartum depression, Which wasn't exactly taken seriously in the fifties. It also says here that she was delusional, that she heard voices. Ok, she died in the asylum in '59, But the cause of death isn't listed. Think the hospital might have had something to hide? Well, it's possible. Maybe that's what's keeping her earthbound. Or this. Oh, my god. What? What is it? It's a therapy journal. She writes about how she drowned her baby. God, who would do that? Someone with postpartum psychosis. And now she's surrounded by children, Living children. Ok, let's all quiet down. We're gonna get in line for a play break. Children. Todd. What are you... I'll be quiet when I am dead Ok, sweetie. Go sit down. Rosalyn. I think we need to call todd langston's parents. He's just done the strangest thing. - Is he ok? - I don't know. And I'm gonna need help getting permanent marker Off the dry-Erase board. You won't believe what he wrote. I didn't even know he could write. Oh, my god. They were all just right here. ??? The ghost you saw, you're sure She wants to harm the kids? No, but it's possible. And you're sure it's that lady, The--The no one who killed her kid? I could see her face as clearly as I see yours. And you're gonna go into this place And tell the people who run-- As little as possible, ok? I know how this sounds to people, And I don't know. I try to keep what I can do quiet. oh, no. Jill. Hey, what's happening? - Hey, melinda. - Hi. You don't have anyone here, do you? No, no, no, no. We're just passing by. - This is sam lucas. - Officer. It's unbelievable. I don't know who's running the school. There's a whole kindergarten class missing. You know, um, sam, he worked in this building, So maybe he could help you. Uh, sure. Um, I need to try to find this ghost. - I'll meet you in there. - All right. Yeah. How could a 5-Year-Old have written this? How could 14 students leave the premises Without a single adult or security camera capturing their exit? And only one way out. unit 6, please respond to village square, main and oak. We've located those missing juveniles from parkdale academy. Copy that. How the hell did they get there? Todd, baby, come here, honey. Come here. Todd, you scared me. How did you get here? We have to finish the song. If we don't sing, she gets so sad. Honey, who? Where are they taking them? Home, I'm sure. Did you do this? Did you lead these children away? Uh, I'm not exactly sure what's happening right now. Sorry. I'm just gonna pretend like I'm talking to you, So keep looking at me. All right. I can help you. But please don't hurt those children. I don't want to. Done such a terrible thing. But you don't have to do this. You can just let the children be. They want to be with me. They heard me singing. They don't belong to you. You're dead. Ok, this place is a school now. They belong with the living. Just nod. They need to be quieter. Is that why you wrote that on the blackboard? "I'll be quiet when I'm dead." Were you threatening them? Keep them away. They mustn't come back. It's not safe. She's gone. I'll get the car ready. keep them away from what, The school or from her? I don't know. I'm just glad that the place Is closed down for a few days. You know, maybe there is a--A bad teacher Or-- Or something at the school itself. Like what, a toxic mold? The woman killed her own baby. She suffered from postpartum psychosis. I'm just considering our options. I mean, we know who she is. We have no idea what she wants, And all we know is that she seemed, You know, genuinely concerned about those kids. Then why did she keep kidnapping them And writing death threats on their board? Ok, she did not write that. A boy did. Oh, when he was 5? Did she possess him? Or maybe it was automatic writing. Wh-What kind of writing? Automatic writing-- Channeling a spirit Without being completely taken over by it. You mean versus possession. Yeah. You know, it's kind of like if you can believe That a-- A spirit can exist outside a body... Then is it such a stretch to think it could push into another body? How are you doin'? You know, all right, I'm here to learn. I'm here to support. I don't wanna get in the way of you guys solving this. Ok, good, because we have to figure out How she got those kids out of the school And stop it from happening again, Which means we have to go back there. So, what? We're looking for another way To leave the building? But there was only one exit to the building. Uh, for the grounds. Where else would an exit go? To the tunnels. The--The what? I can't believe I'm gonna have to tell you this. Underneath grandview, there's a series Of tunnels, a town under the town. And a lot of people died there. They still think it's their home, If you catch my drift. Uh, you found this? No. The only person that's been down there is melinda. I'm sorry. I can't have your back on this one. I'm scared of small spaces. I'm not. Good job getting past the security guard. Right. Sam. looks like another door. What the? Do you think the kids found this? Yeah, or were led to it. Hang on. I don't remember that door being spring-Loaded. Yeah, that's 'cause it wasn't. What is it? What's goin' on? Sing your little song, greer, if it calms you. Doesn't bother me a bit. Soothe yourself, as you soothed your child, And say good-Bye to him now, To all the bad memories, all the thoughts. Let it all go. What? Melinda. She needs more. Wait, melinda, what's going on? Stop! Melinda, melinda, hey. Hey. Are you ok? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Sometimes I get-- I get visions. - What? - It's like I was greer, and now I know. You know what? ??? ??? I mean, mental patients haunting children and then possessions, And, oh, yeah, let's not forget the tunnels. That's a lot to swallow. Make sense, though. The courthouse is right in the town square. The tunnels let them transport the criminally insane. Yeah, so that people couldn't see them. But electroshock therapy? I mean, how did they get away with that? Well, in the fifties, it was still Kind of an experimental trtment. You know, patients had different reactions, And hospitals weren't exactly Advertising their fatalities. It was so sad. She was just trying to calm herself, You know, and she kept singing that song. - Alouette. - Yeah. You know what that song even means? It's a bunch of french words that nobody understands. It's about a bird, And the refrain means to "pluck your head." That's disgusting. No, it's insulting... To psychiatry... To me. To pluck your head. Get it? All right, fine, so it's not exactly subtle, But why do you think she'd be taking a swipe at her doctors? Not doctors, doctor. The one that she keeps mentioning in all of her therapy journals Is this dr. Byrd, a calvin byrd. So that's the guy that I saw in my vision. If it is, he might have done more than oversee her final zap. He may have plucked her head, Got inside of her mind. Yeah, but that still doesn't tell me what she wants. It would help to know what he found inside of her mind, Because if greer's nuts, we'll never be able to reason with her, And you'll never be able to get her into the light. Hello. hey. Hi. It's me. I know it's late, but, uh, can we talk? Are you home? I'm actually on your front porch. Well, then come in. Hey. I just didn't want to, uh, scare you. Right. Kind of like I scared you tonight. No, it's ok. I'm really-- I'm ok if-- If you are. I am. I'm ok. Are those bunny slippers? Sorry. Really wasn't expecting company. In fact, I thought I would never see you again. I live in your garage. You know what I mean. Melinda, this thing you went through in the school... The vision. Did it hurt? I mean, were you in any pain? It's kind of like a dream. But, you know, I mean, I-It feels real when it's happening, But it's also kind of removed. Just please... Don't worry about me. Have you ever met anybody who can do what you do? Besides eli. Some, but not many. I just wish you could subcontract to them right now. You know... You could keep helping me. Ok. All right, where are we? We think that the ghost died As a result of electroshock therapy, But that doesn't explain what's keeping her earthbound. Eli thinks it's more about her treatment with this-- This dr. Byrd guy. Dr. Byrd. Ok. What does that have to do With her warnings about the children? I don't know. I mean, honestly I think what drives her Is her guilt about, you know, what she did to her child. I'm guessing it was too long ago for dr. Byrd to give you any insight. Well, he looked like he was in his fifties, And that was 50 years ago, so... He's dead. How old was greer? 23. Her husband... Leighton. You know, I saw his name in the files, 'Cause he was the-- He was the person that checked her in. I'm... Ok, there's a few clarksons. Here. Leighton died in 2001. Wait a minute. What's that? It's a wedding announcement. "Douglas clarkson, the son of leighton and greer clarkson." Wait. She had another kid. No. Douglas was the name of the child she drowned. She was committed for killing her son... But he's alive. I never knew my mother. I was 2 1/2 when she died, So I don't really have any memories of her. I know she died in the hospital. I just don't know the cause. Hospital? That's a kind word. It was an asylum. She died of heart failure. Why wasn't it in the hospital's records? I don't know. They kept a lot of things hidden back then, My mother being one of them. You don't think she belonged there? My dad didn't know what else to do. One day, he's reading the newspaper, And she's giving me a bath in the kitchen sink, And she turns to him, tells him, "take the baby away," And then she tells him she needs to be taken away. Do you know, according to her files, Says she actually drowned you. Obviously there was some confusion. By all accounts, before I was born, My mother was a loving, Smart, sane woman. You can't blame yourself for your mother's illness. "Her dark thoughts," That's what my dad said she called 'em. And she was afraid of hurting me, But she never did. Why was she in there for so long? She never recovered. She just got worse. Did you know that she got electroshock therapy? Mm-Hmm. They said she requested it. She wanted to get better. But dad said she came out of the sessions Rambling worse than ever. Says in her files time and time again, Her sessions with a dr. Byrd. Has your father ever mentioned him? No, not a word. And believe me, I heard him rant About every other soul in that place. So, who is this doctor? That's what I'm wondering. I did a search of records at the time, And there's no mention at the hospital of a dr. Byrd Or with privileges. Well, how could that be? I don't know. Maybe he was a figment of her imagination. Think about it. The husband always visited her. He never knew him. I mean, she was gettin' Enough shock therapy to kill her. Along the way, maybe she lost her rational mind Wait a minute. The rational mind. Ok... What else does shock therapy do? It calms people. It suppresses cognitive areas of the brain. Are you talking about the part of the brain That allows people to only believe what they can actually see and touch, Like the part I had way too much of? He's gotta be in here. There's gotta be a reason he's connected to the hospital. Well, did you check all these staff records, I mean, before greer was admitted? I did, from 1950 to '59 and '40 to '49. We go back any further, I'm gonna be at sigmund freud. Well, keep goin', All the way back if you have to. Sorry to barge in, but your door was wide open. Always. You have to see what eli and I found. Look. Well, that's him. That's dr. Byrd. Yeah, but look what it says at the bottom. "Dr. Calvin byrd and staff, Valley springs sanatorium. April, 1922." Greer didn't even go into the asylum until 1956. Yeah, but this is the man I saw. He was a doctor there. Exactly, so he must have died not long after that, Stayed at the hospital, but out of the light. Eli says that shock therapy can rewire your brain, Take away that part that says ghosts don't make sense. What if she could see him And he got inside her head? And pluck it. He wasn't a delusion. He was-- So greer's mind was being twisted by a ghost ??? Look, Just to get it straight, This ghost that's haunting the kids, She was haunted herself by another ghost? Yeah, and based on her journals, We know it's when she was still alive. And this other ghost was the ghost of a doctor. That's why he was able to do so much damage. She trusted him, you know. He was an authority figure. A ghost? Yeah. He knew how to talk to her. I mean, he was probably the one Who convinced her that she killed her own child. Her ability to do this, I mean, talk to ghosts, Was from electroshock therapy. That's my best guess so far. Why's he doin' this at all? I mean, I thought you said ghosts only haunt Things that they know, people they know. I don't know. He was a doctor, you know. Maybe he had a-- A god complex, Or maybe they were connected in some way That we don't even know about yet. At least I'm not the only one who's in the dark. I have to get in there, ok? I need to find out what she's protecting those kids from. It's saturday. It's closed. There's no one... Here to let us in. You'd just break in there, wouldn't you? Yeah. I got a key from the contractor. Let's go. Wait. Where are we going? I mean, can't you just yell out the ghost's name? I don't think that's a good idea. She keeps giving warnings to people about being quiet. Why? Can ghosts sleep? Are--Are we gonna wake one up? If you make noise, you can't hear him whispering. Greer. Makes him angry when he can't be heard. Dr. Byrd? Is that what you were protecting those children from? That's why you taught them that song, So that they could give you a warning anytime he got close. I don't want him to pluck their heads. That's how he got that little boy To write on the blackboard, isn't it? They're so trusting, And then when he whispers in their ears, It's hard not to listen, Even when you can't believe what he's saying. Like when he told you that you hurt your own child. Dr. Byrd understood. I loved my son so much, Sometimes it hurt to even look at him. He was so small and fragile. I don't know why I did what I did, Not anymore. I was sick. Y-Your son is still alive. No, I remember holding him in the water. No, you gave him baths. You cared for him, and then when you thought That you were gonna hurt him, you turned him over. No, that's not possible. The doctor said-- Well, the doctor lied. Ok, my friend, he talked to your son. Doug, he's still alive, and he's married with children of his own. Here. Just look. But Why would he tell me those things, My own doctor? He wasn't a doctor. He was a ghost. Look, you knew to-- To keep him away from those children, So why would you believe what he had to say to you? They don't deserve to be punished, but I do. Even if I didn't hurt my child, I still abandoned him. That's not true. You asked for those shock treatments. You told your doctors that you would do anything Just to get home to be with your son. Think. Please, I know that you can remember that. M-Maybe I do. Good. Then please just look for the light, Because you're ready to move on. No, no. I-- I can't leave them. Don't worry about them. I'll protect those children. Not just them, all my friends here. He whispers bad things to them, too. The patients. Where are they? He's dangerous. Don't make him angry. I'll take care of him. Where are your friends? It's a bad place down there. Don't go. She's gone. What was that about? Let's go. The tunnels are through here. You don't wanna go through that, do you? Yeah. That's the way that the kids went to get to the square. Through a locked metal door? Greer must have helped them. I mean, you've seen ghosts slam doors now, move things around. No, I've seen doors slam and things move around. I--I haven't seen ghosts do anything. Ok, well, whatever it is that you've seen, I need to get in here, so... Hey, melinda, why? Why now? Why do you gotta do that? Because there's souls in there. They need help. Look, if this is Too much for you to absorb in one sitting, It's--It's ok. You can go, and I-- Why can't you? Why have we gotta take this to the end of the story, huh? The story? Look, if you're tellin' me that ghosts can, You know, move things, if they have mind control, They can disappear, they can reappear, Why can't they just cross themselves into the light, And then we're just done here, huh? You are done, aren't you? Look, I'm just-- - I'm just tired. - No, you're done trying. No, it's not about trying. It's about some things make sense, And some things don't. I'm sorry-- I'm sorry, but you're wrong. And if you don't keep trying, You're never gonna get back what you lost. Me? We were just talking about ghosts. Yeah, we are. Your memories... The reason that you can never make sense of them is they're not yours. They belong to a ghost... Ok. Now, look-- Someone who died and then went into sam's body. S-Sam? You're talkin' about sam as if he's-- He's gone. He went into the light. You're not sam anymore. - Who am I? - Jim. My husband. Or at least, what's left of him. You may not remember that now, and you may never Remember that, but I told you to go into the light, And you wouldn't, and then sam's body Offered a second chance-- Ok, listen, melinda. Look-- Look, I know how hard it is to accept this, ok? But just think about what's happened. All the random memories, The gunshot, all those things That you suddenly remembered about medicine-- Those things came from jim, and then... Then there's me. What you feel... What we both feel, You remembering that you wanted children-- That all came from someplace. It came from a life that you shared with me. That has to mean something, right? Yes, it means something. It means that-- That you lost your husband, And it turned your life upside down, And it's worse than anything I lost, because you know what you lost. We have to face facts, you and I, And the fact is that what is gone is gone. I'm not jim. ??? In the basement of a former asylum, You told him everything? Yeah. What else was I supposed to do? I don't know. Wait till he has a couple d drinks in him Or, you know, right until after sex. Wait. You haven't had sex yet? I'm not telling you that. What planet are you from? Don't you know you never open the closet door Until you make sex. Please hold the flashlight. Oh, my god! Oh, my god! You're psycho! I'm not goin' in there with you. Dr. Byrd is a shrink. You don't go into a knife fight without taking your knife. Oh, I'm really not that sharp. Get in there. - I don't-- - Go! Too creepy! why are you here? Who said that? You better show yourself. Or better yet, show yourself somewhere else. Calm down. They're just ghosts. Way too spooky. Need more lights. ?? That's much better. What do you see? Greer. Show us the way. We'll help your friends find the light. It's the treatment room, Where she got her shock therapy. The doctor's looking for me. He'll be here soon. Then we don't have much time. We need your help. - How? - Your friends... They're troubled. Help us talk to them. Help them bring the light. ok. He's trapped you here with fear, fear of the light, But you don't have to be afraid. Time is running out. Just believe us. What's going on? Are we making new friends? I trust we're not forgetting our old ones. They all know that you've been lying to them. If part of your job was to help them, You might wanna remember how to do that. I think I help 'em. Who brings you news of your loved ones? Who tells your family what you want them to know, Not the true things, the bad thoughts, The secrets, the nasty things I know, but keep safe? You, doctor. And who really knows you deep down, But takes care of you anyway? These people? Strangers? Don't trust them. They said you lied about the light. Oh? Did I? Is there someone here who wants to go into the light? We might. Then go ahead. What do you think the light's gonna do When it knows all your secrets just like I do? You'll go into oblivion. Greer, Look into the light. Tell them. Tell your friends what you see. My parents. My brothers and sisters. What do you see in their eyes? Is it judgment? No. Just... Love. Please, tell them. Over here, everyone. Look inside. Don't trust 'em. You can't go. Trust your fears. They'll protect you. ??? You're not gonna trick me into that hole. You might find forgiveness there. Oh, I'll be staying right here, where you live. What are you waiting for? Go. I have something to do first. Your mother wants you to know how badly she feels. All the time you spent without her, She-- She thinks it's her fault. Her fault? How is it her fault? She was happy and healthy until I was born. My body, it just wasn't strong enough. She still doesn't realize that doctors then, They had no idea, no idea what could happen to mothers. None of that matters anymore. Looking at you, I feel so strong now. But seeing you grown up, she feels healthy and strong. I'm all better. The bad thoughts are gone, And the lifetime together that we missed-- You'll spend it... On the other side. Will you tell him I'll wait for him? But to take his time. He has children who need him, My grandchildren. I promise. I'll tell him. Hey. Hi. Well, that was a pretty big bombshell you dropped on me back there. I know. I'm sorry. I really wish that there'd been another way. Look, I understand this. I do. - Really? - Yeah. I think I finally do. I mean, it didn't make any sense to me before, but then... I remembered some stuff. Well, like what? Well, first there was the hospital. You know, every time I woke up, you were there. Yeah. I--I was worried about you. Yeah. I mean, you were there every minute, Whether I was asleep or I was awake. Yeah. I kept asking myself, "why would she do that?" You know, unless it was about not me, but your husband. Which you said, you know, but then I remembered some other stuff Was that you kept talkin' about that ghost doctor And how he made people do things by whispering in their ear. No. Wait. I-- That's what you did. You whispered in my ear. All those hours you sat by my bed, I mea-- You decided you couldn't accept that your husband is dead, So you made up your mind that his spirit is in me, And so you filled my head with his memories. You wanted to make it real for yourself. The gunshots... Please don't do this. The paramedic stuff, wanting to have kids. The longer that you don't accept it-- No, no. You have to stop, ok? It's all a fantasy. Stop. You need help. I wanna be there for you, all right, But you need professional help. I'll do whatever it takes. I'll get the best doctors. I'll wait for you. No, I think you've got it backwards. I think you're the one that needs help. No, melinda. You're angry right now. I can't do this anymore. I can't. You have a-- A lifetime of memories buried somewhere, But the obstacle that you need to move is you. No. I tried. I really, really tried. I think you should just get your things and leave.