I might be just like you Except from the time that I was a little girl,I knew that I could talk to the dead It's all right,honey Earthbound spirits,my grandmother called them the ones who have not crossed over yet because they have unfinished business with the living and they come to me for help To tell you my story,I have to tell you theirs Melinda So how do you know lisa Melinda? Um. Sorry. Andre and I own a antique store in Grandview Lisa is one of our glass supplier So we found her a wedding dress Oh,great Okay Okay Come on I just want to thank everyone for coming out this night And I specially wonna thank whoever gave me this Someone is gonna plan to use this in the week end,I promise And I just want you all to know that I got the best friends And a man who really knows how to love I just feel like the luckiest woman on the planet what's the hell was that You know,I'm thinking That wasn't just a nasty draft A ghost,in a wedding dress and something tells me she is just getting start You looks beautiful I can't believe how well it fits,just like custom made How did you find it? Exactly what I've been looking for Everything is out there if you look hard enough Thank you,I love it There's a little tight though Don't worry about that,we can let it out Hey,are you Okay? Yeah,just a little dizzy It's strange ever since we are engaged I had the slugish feeling like I'm too tired to do anything Sometimes I wonder if it's the cosmos tell me not to get married chest feels a little tight Let's get her out the dress I can't get a breathe I'd better take you home I'm telling you,you have to eat something I found cookie,are you sure you don't want me to make a sandwich I'm fine. You are being way too sweet Not that sweet. I already have these all in the kitchen Please,have another one Okay,maybe one more Stop Stop it. I can see you What? Who were you talking to? Um... Lisa,do you remember how you said weird things happening There is a reason for it You have a spirit attached to you You saying I'm haunted She is one started the fire at the party She? Melinda,you are freaking me out. Is this a joke? I wouldn't have mentioned it if she won't so...persistent You see her. but...I can't It's a gift. I have this thing I can do Okay! where is the camera You and mark trying to punk me,right? She's wearing a wedding dress What? I can't see her face. She's wearing veil. She's young and angry Serena It's Mark Please don't mention anything about this,I'll explain - Hey! Mark - Hey! what are you doing home This is my friend Melinda. She is helping me with the wedding dress Wedding? what...what wedding? Honey. come on. You are so stressed. this is supposed to be fun Yeah. you know sometimes it can seems like chaos,but,it's all gonna come together I promise It's heavier than it looks Tell me about it I'm pay for price for that. I'm gonna check in the register tomorrow Absolutely not. You'll take it at cost I mean. what is the good of having a antique store if you don't get the discount *** you are the one giving yourself a discount Melinda? Yeah. Sorry Here. Let me take a corner Can you help me find someone? Not now,I'm sorry You know. I think the least you can do is introduce me I feel so guilty when I can't help them As if your plate isn't full enough with lisa Hey did you tell her the ghost bride? Yeah And I got the usual action of course Then I mentioned she was in a wedding dress? That really for her rattled It meant something to her Aha. the pluck pickens I have to got this spirit cross over before the wedding Why. do you thing she would mess the ceremony? Well. seem she almost set the bachelor party to fire I have to tell ya. why don't you be elicit spirit's *** i don't know. like...interactive. i guess? Earthbound spirit usually are not There is definitely something going on out there It's like they are getting stronger Come to bed in a minute I'm checking my reservation So you really want us stay in that hotel that night I don't want wake up in your bed on my wedding day It sucks all the romance out of it Hey. nothing can suck the romance out of our wedding I'll just be relieved when the ceremony is over and we are safely on our honey moon i know i know don't be up too late i won't shoot! Happily never after Mark! what. what is it look There was a message on the screen It was right there i swear Hey honey come on go to bed you need some rest Mark. what if it's serena what you know. weird things keep happening what if serena is causing them how could she be i don't know Hey listen. this is nerves Okay? It's nerves and just not luck You love me. right like i never loved anybody I now pronounce you dead Hey hi hope you don't mind. i wasn't sure the time you open no no no no problem are you Okay this ghost...i think her name is serena she's mark's late wife she died on the wedding day in the car accident leaving the church Mark was the only survivor he does not like to talk about it i know he was devastated but... how do you get over something like that i don't know if i ever do Just learn to live with that i guess Day we moved in together weird stuff start happening like what? electrical things. lights are flicking all the time Computers go crazy And what about you? what do you feel? That's the thing Sometimes i feel really tired. drained other times depressed That's because spirit feed up your energy And I feel... hated what? i know that sounds weird but... i feel this hatred coming out me like someone always watching waiting like someone wants to hurt me she's not gonna let me have Mark so mark has no idea his fianc¨¦e being haunted by his late wife no. now she doesn't want tell him well. she's gonna tell him eventually You have to get the ghost cross over for the wedding i don't know if i can i can't make a spirit go. if they don't wonna go Man. Lisa is bumming The last thing she want is Mark thinking about serena at their wedding day she's just want start the clean *** You never start with clean *** people make comparison with the past relationships Yeah. i know. That's something no thrown in your face You know. i know it bugs me Jim talks about his exes Why? I just don't like the idea of thinking about him with another woman Even i know he was a monk before he met me But come on,you have to be curious i am curious. i just have to keep them in the abstract so he went out with a bunch of women it wasn't ***. the long leg sweet supermodel Jim dated a supermodel? i'm not let you know something i don't i bet your Jim did date a supermodel i'm totally kidding So. do you keep in contact with any of your ex-girlfriends Did you find a blonde hair on my uniform,you know there is perfectly reasonable explanation i'm serious Am i currently in touch with one of my ex-girlfriends? Yeah really? Yeah. Stephanie from Connecticut remember? she emails me pictures of a little boy's once so often And i'm 99% sure neither of them are mine nice look i keep in touch with her husband,too He doesn't email you,though what is going on? nothing. just you never mention Stephanie yes i did. remember? a lawyer from Danbury? make you nerves because she had some scrimption in bride magazine i just never had her name So she is in attorney. she must be really smart Yes she is One time she finished new your times cross word puzzle in 102hours and brag it for about a week Did you ever think about...i don't know,getting married? She talked i listened well you loved her,i meant you'd live with her,right? i think i'm falling into a giant marital bear trap while i have to chew off one leg to get out i thought about it,though,for about a minute You know? took an aspirin Hey,stop that what is wrong with you? why are you doing this,serena? How do you know my name? you saw my first barbeque. you know. careful you don't get burned Serena,wait. i can help you i'm just look things - Thanks for coming - no problem Mark thinks i'm losing my mind from stress. he may be right You are not believe me But having Mark believe that is exactly serena wants we are supposed to meet our minister here to go over the ceremony i thought if we came here early you can talk to him first what are you doing here? trying to help she is here? So. what are you two having some kind of shared hallucination? Mark. please just try to be open i don't blame you for not believing but it's true she is with us Serena is haunting us She is going to try to destroy our wedding She's not as dumb as i thought Honey,listen to yourself You realize what you saying? Tell him i appreciate the irony getting marry at the same church as we did She's upset because she getting married at the same church Is this the same church? is it? Honey You know,this is my family church. i was ***** here That book better not be what i think it is She's asking about the book what about the book? This is nothing Just gonna use a poem for the ceremony i was gonna show the minister You know where he got that book? Me i gave it to him because i want him use a poem for our wedding but at that time it was too corny what's happening it's the book of poetry she gave you How did you know that? She just told me Serena Serena gave you that book? i didn't even read it She was dead Tell him he better not dare read those poems tell him! Lisa. hey wait. where you going? Does he really think he can forget me that easily? How's Lisa. she Okay? She's all right She's seriously freak out So am I What am i supposed to do to stay calm Serena get stronger if you are scared or anxious what does she want? I'm not sure But i knew what she doesn't want You to marry Lisa I don't understand,i mean,Lisa is the best She's wonderful Even serena's parent love Lisa Some people just can't let go Living or dead Can i talk to her She's not here I'm sorry. i really wish i can help you no,i know,you're trying thank you You know...i thought When i lost serena i thought i thought never be happy again Maybe i was right Stop interfering Why are you doing this? This isn't your business I'm trying to help,Them and you i don't need your help How can you call this antique store when half the items are new? Look i know that you've been through a lot Mark has too. don't you think he at least deserve a shot of happiness? Happiness That's relative,don't you think? Weren't you happy? i remember being happy when my wedding day the ceremony was beautiful. everything is perfect It's a little over-whelming to feel all that love from your family and friends And of course your husband Then on the way to reception Mark was driving,i was in the front seat Mark's best man josh was in back it all happens so quickly one second we were talking and the next still wondering why i was so angry That's a horrible way to die. i understand You need to understand something else i can't have you interfering anymore If you do. there won't be percussions What is that supposed to mean? trust me...you don't want to find out I'm gonna have to switch with bobby and work the graveyard shift. Is that gonna be all right? Melinda. You and stephanie,do you e-mail each other a lot? What? No. Once every couple of months and then maybe... can I ask you to stop? Why? Can't I ask you to do something without there having to be a reason? Yes,you can. I'm just... I'm not sure where this is coming from. You're not? You are e-mailing your genius ex-girlfriend who is recently single hunting for a new father for her kids. I'm just supposed to be ok with that? No. But it just seems... like a perfectly normal request. I'll do it. Thank you. Honey,I got to say you seem to be channeling some weird ghost energy. It's not always about ghosts,jim. This is so above and beyond the call of duty. It's about honoring her memory. Maybe she'll see that I'm not trying to eradicate her. Good to see you again. It's so nice of you to come. It would mean so much to serena if she knew you were here. Thank you. Somebody please remove those hideous flowers. Thank you,daddy. She'd be happy you're moving on,mark. Lisa's a good woman. Oh,she's got you totally snowed. Why are you even here trying to score points with my parents? You can't replace me,ladybug. Give up. Honey,you ok? I'm sorry. I just feel a little queasy. I think I should go back to the car,if that's ok. She's a lovely girl,mark. You're lucky. Twice blessed. I know. I can never forget serena. You won'T. Leave. You don't belong here. There you are. Your dress is ready, and I just need you to try it on one more time. Look,I... I really appreciate all the trouble you've gone to. And I'm gonna pay for it,of course. What are you talking about? There's not going to be a wedding. It's just so obvious that mark has never gotten over serena. What? Why do you think that? We visited her grave together. If you could've seen his face-- the love,the--I don't know--the grief. It was...heartbreaking. He'S...in love with her,not me. I knew that I could never compare to her. But I love him... so much. I guess I was dumb to think that that would be enough. Why don't you postpone the ceremony? Ok? For just like a few weeks. Take some time. Really think about this. It's not about a few weeks or a few months. Serena is never gonna let him go. Thank you both... so much for everything. Don't you want your dress? Keep it. You just don't listen,do you? He's very handsome,your husband. Masculine. I like that. Stay away from him,serena. You stay away from mine,I'll stay away from yours. I just had the weirdest dream. Didn't I? I wish that's all it was. What are you doing? Oh,it's nothing. Plumbing problem. Oh,I'm sorry. No offense,but I'm calling a real plumber this time. This is ridiculous. Uh,wait. No,you should not have to spend your time on this. I left out one small important detail. Oh? I misplaced my wedding ring. I took it off when I was taking a shower. I put it on the sink. It must've fallen in. Don't panic. I will get it. You did not misplace it. Serena,give him his ring back! What? I hate to ask this,but who is serena? Serena! I don't know where lisa is,mark. I promise. She just packed a bag and she left. Was she mad the last time you saw her? Mad? No. I would say resigned. This is all about serena,isn't it? She doesn't think it's really over. And she's hurt that you asked her to be alone at serena's grave yesterday. No,no,no. It'S...it's not what she thinks. Well,then,what? I didn't wanna upset serena's parents with what I had to say. I got a chance here to be happy, happy the way that you and I never really were. Lisa and I,we're soulmates. If you really love me,you'll know this is true. Please. Serena. Let me have that,serena. Did you love serena? I thought I did. I swear. We were a couple since high school. We went to college together. It was just always the two of us. You know? Marriage seemed like the next logical step. And then serena got pregnant. I didn't know that she was pregnant. There's a little more to the story. He's got to be back by tuesday. Hey. Have you seen serena? Yeah,yeah. She's over here. Hey. Hey. Should you be drinking? Oh. You're right. You're right. I'm sorry. What's going on,serena? That's not like you. You wouldn't take a chance like that. I miscarried a week ago. Are you...well,you're just telling me this now? Mark,chill. It's her wedding day,man. Hey,it's mine,too,josh. I knew you'd be upset,and I didn't wanna ruin everything. All our plans. Hey,we're gonna try again. I wasn't trying to trick you. I just didn't want this day to be depressing. I just don't understand you-- how you can think it's ok to completely lie to me. Hey,mark. Come on. She miscarried,man. Think of what she went through. She must've felt... at least you're still together,and you have your whole lives to... mark! I woke up a day later in the hospital. My wife and my best friend were dead. And I kept going over that last conversation, what josh had said about the miscarriage and what she must have gone through. It was like he understood her better than I did. I mean,he was looking out for her... and I was thinking about myself. If you don't know if you were in love with serena, how do you know that you love lisa? I don't know how to describe it. Being with her,it's like finding a perfect match, like meeting someone who knows everything about you,good and bad. Someone you never have to hide who you are from. Someone that makes you feel... safe. Yeah. I had a lot of things with serena. I did. But nothing like that. She's here? Not anymore. I thought I'd find you here. I've always loved it here. It's so peaceful. I'm sorry. You know what hurts the most? He's right. We didn't get married because we were madly in love. We got married because there didn't seem to be any reason not to. But it's important to know the truth. It's part of the reason you're still here. I've been a raging witch,haven't I? Oh. I think you should just try and be happy for him. I wasn't always this way. Josh used to say we were the happiest couple he knew. Best man josh? He used to joke with me that he was just waiting for me to get tired of mark and then he was gonna sweep me away. Don't be so sure he was joking. Josh? Yeah,you know. Sometimes you want what's in front of you to work so bad that you don't see what's right there beside you. What am I supposed to do now? Um...do you know where lisa is? Maybe. Maybe you should send her a signal, try to make amends. Speaking of making amends...your husband's ring. It's in the left pocket of that ratty bathrobe of his. Thank you. Oh,thank you,spirit world. Thank you. Wait. Is she here? No. Just you and me. Are we ok? Not completely. There's something I need to talk to you about. Do you remember that guy that I told you I dated in college? Yeah. Kevin somebody. Kevin cole. It was a little more serious than dating. You don't need to do this. I do. Kevin and I were really close. We talked about the future, the city we wanted to live in, how many kids we wanted to have. Ok. See,this is when I think maybe sharing everything is not... I am not finished. I trusted him... more than anyone else. And then I told him about my... what I can do,and he didn't believe it. Broke your heart. He did. Then I met you,and I learned what love is supposed to be. You never doubted anything I told you. You just...you just accepted it right away. You know? You're my best friend,and you make me feel really safe. HeY. And I really liked your body. Why do you always have to joke? The flight's scheduled to arrive just before noon. Mom,you don't need to pick me up. O'hare's crazy this time of year. I'll find a cab. Uh,of course I still love him. It's just that he's not ready right now. Uh,see you tomorrow. Love you. It's over All right already! You won! You can stop it now! Hello. It's for you. Of course. Hello. I'll be right there. Thought I'd go out with a bang just because I can. I feel her. Why is she still here? I was trying to apologize. In my way. She wants to give you a message. You know what to tell her. She knows how much you love mark, and she's sorry about the way that she acted, and she's gonna stop now. She's gonna cross over. It doesn't change one thing. Mark is still seriously hung up on her. No,he isn'T. Not the way you think. You didn't see him at the cemetery. He told me about the cemetery. He asked serena to let him go. He told her how much he loved you, how much he wanted to make you happy. Is she here? Can I ask a question? Why... why did you do this to me,to us? What was the point? Because you have your whole life with mark, all that time to make it perfect, and I don'T. She just wanted more time with him. She felt cheated. I'm sorry for everything that's happened, for everything that she's been through. Tell her I tried to show her a poem for the wedding. Here. She found you a poem for the wedding. It's on the night table. Thank you so much,melinda. "Thank you,melinda"? Maybe you should thank serena,too. Yes. Thank you,serena. All I can say is you better not blow it. He is a pretty good catch all and all. She says good luck on your wedding. I have to call mark. Excuse me. Done my duty. Where's my light? Um,hello. Where's my light? I don't know. If you can't see it,maybe you're not ready. What kind of answer is that? Where the hell is my light? "Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, "but bears it out even to the edge of doom. I never writ,nor no man ever loved." This poem was suggested by a trusted and treasured guest. Now may I kiss my bride? Kiss her! Cranberry juice,please? Can you help me find someone? You're josh,aren't you? Yeah. Come with me. Serena? Someone's been looking for you. Josh. You all right? I've been looking everywhere for you. Are you all right? Yeah. I think I am. I can't believe I found you. What is up with you? You're like super giddy. I'll explain later. Wait a minute. Serena's gone. She's gone. Peace at last. Oh. I just think it's wonderful,you know, when people can find their perfect match, who they're supposed to be with. HmM. What? Um... I'm just wondering. She must be here somewhere. Oh,yeah. That's right. There she is.