Poor girl sacrificing herself to save her village. - No... Orlok, dying for love. Vampires knows when dawn's coming. You can feel the sun long before you see it. Anyone ever try and keep you up past your bedtime? Passion can be a great distraction for vampires as well as humans. And playing on the edge of getting burned is part of the fun. You'd think there'd be easier ways of getting a meal than having to get involved in a messy romance. It's not about taking blood. When I feed, there's a connection. Every emotion adds to the quality of the experience. Sometimes it's taking someone in a dark alley and tasting their fear. Sometimes it's tasting a lover in the throes of passion. Then it's easy to forget the dawn. Popcorn? Passion isn't something you can shut out forever, Vicki. It knocks down walls. It sweeps you off your feet. It can change your life. Isn't this supposed to be a double feature? Yeah. ARGH! DAMMIT! How the hell did you get in here? Exactly. What did you do to my place? Dude, you've got about five seconds to get out of here. I don't think so. Sweet stereo. And when I say sweet, I mean wicked awesome. Okay, so here's how the day is shaping up. 10:30, Walter Brioux, looking for his estranged daughter. 11:30, Anna Reggit, needs someone to check out staff pilfering at her clothing store, and then at 2:00... Are you okay? Hm? They're, um... burning or something today. - You should put something on them. - Like what, demon-off cream? I should just get them removed. Laser or skin grafts or something. You wouldn't. They're demon brands, Coreen, they're not 'Hello Kitty' tattoos. Actually, that would be worse. They're part of you now. They're powerful. You've seen that. Yeah, and I still have no clue how to use them. - We could try to find out. - No, I think I'll deal with them the same way I deal with everything that's complicated in my life. - I'll just avoid it until it goes away. - Oh, and that works for you? Oh yeah, job, friends, love. My decks are clear. Funny, I was happy when I walked in here. - Excuse me, Ms. Nelson? - Yes. - My name is Camille Stokes. - Can I help you? I need to talk to you. I believe it's urgent. Have a seat. You probably won't even believe what I have to tell you. I have a very open mind these days. Well, you see, I'm psychic. Last night I had a dream, a terrifying dream. And you were in it. - But we've never met. I saw you and this office and the thing that wanted to hurt you. It was pure evil. Now since when does my landlord show up in dreams? Don't joke about this. I saw you die. - How did I die? - I saw a room, red walls, black floor. There was a pentagram, and someone was invoking something evil. - Who was doing the summoning? - I don't know, but I know what he was using. Three powerful objects - a stone chalice, an ancient dagger and a book, a mystic book. - What else did you see? - The thing in the center, it took you, your body. But I felt it was more interested in your soul. When you disappeared, that's when I woke up. I'm sorry, you probably think I'm crazy, but the vision was so powerful I had to look you up. Does any of it mean anything to you? I really wish it didn't. If you have any more visions, would you mind giving me a call? Of course. I'll be in touch. Do you think she's right? Maybe this is just some random woman having a bad dream. What about all the stuff she saw? The chalice? The knife? Henry already destroyed that. - Yeah, I thought he did. What do you mean clawed? Like an animal? Oh, beautiful. Yeah. Yeah, I'll be down in ten minutes. All right. - Catch of the day? Yeah, somebody dumped the body of a guy in the Annex. He was sliced up pretty bad. - Yeah, how bad? Well, whoever did it opened up his throat and bled him out. - Is Dave still in court? - Yeah, all week. I'll come with you. Depends... one of those for me? - You know it. - Hey, welcome aboard, newbie! Oh, I'm driving. Hey, if you're good you can play with my siren. Oh, promises, promises. We need to talk. Look, this woman came into my office today. She's a psychic no less. - Vicki, this really isn't a good time. - There is a point. I promise you. So this woman comes into my office and she tells me she's having a vision of, uh... Oh. - It's business. - I understand. I'll be waiting. You don't rest, do you? You know, I thought you were the Prince of Darkness, but it's really more like the Lord of Lechery or something. - A man has to eat. - You don't have to play with your food. - I take it this 'warning' you received can't wait. Hm, well let's see, she said a demon was coming to get me and that someone was assembling the objects used to summon him. That can't be, right? Because you destroyed all of the objects Norman Bridewell used to summon the demon. You did destroy them, right? - I took care of them, like I said. - And that's why someone's having visions of demons throwing a surprise party for me. - Vicki, you don't know this psychic. You don't know how accurate her gift is. Visions are like dreams. You have to know how to interpret them. Hm... let's see. Astraroth dragging me into a pentagram and eating my soul. Pretty clear. - That's why I separated them. With the objects divided they can't be used in that ritual again. - Well, maybe that's why someone is trying to unseparate them. Where are they? The grimoire and the chalice are with trusted friends. The knife is safe here with me. Yeah, cause, uh... no one could get in here, right? What do you want? Gather them up and destroy them like we said we would. The night's almost over. If you insist, we'll collect and destroy them. Tomorrow. Bon appetit. I've made contact. Do you have what you need?</i> She's already connected with the nightwalker. They're so stupid they'll lead us right to what we're looking for. Lemmings. - Any luck on the ID? - No... not yet. The poor boy's fingerprints aren't in the system. The guy's built. We should see if any of the campus hockey teams had any no-shows today. And how'd you get to hockey player? Forearms, and the calluses on the palms. Betcha he shot left. So, Doc, what caused that slash on our hockey player's neck? - Whatever did, it was razor-sharp. All the major veins and arteries in the neck were severed. - Like that case a few months ago, the five bodies. - Yeah, it's kinda what I'm thinking. - The cause of death is certainly consistent, and the fact that the body is missing all of its blood. You think it's the same guy? It's him, or it's someone pulling a copycat. I've got a feeling we're going to see a lot more bodies piling up before this is through. Thanks, Doc. If only you could talk. Wakey, wakey. Bad dream? - Yeah, I was having this crazy nightmare that I was a private investigator spending all my time chasing around things that sane people don't believe in. - I wish we could both wake up from that dream. And by the way, when are you going to lock that front door of yours? Bad for business. Besides, I don't think it would stop the things that are chasing me these days. Let me guess, demon convention in town? Oh, you heard their radio ads. Well, I'm not an expert in these matters but we've got a dead kid and it looks a lot like the demon killings from a few months ago. Where did you find him? Brunswick, just south of Bloor. A psychic came in here, told me she'd had a vision that someone had started up a new pentagram with a fresh set of corpses. She said the demon was after me. Look, Vick... my sister and her husband, they have a place in Mexico. Maybe you should take some time off, catch some rays, huh? - You think I should run? - If it'll keep you alive, yeah I do. - This isn't like witness protection, Mike, these things will find you. So what are you going to do, Vick? Call it a preemptive strike. The demon needs certain things and I'm going to make sure it doesn't get them. All right, so what can I do to help? The demon has to work through somebody, so if we could find whoever it is, we could stop this whole thing from going to hell. You left the chalice in an antique store? This is anything but an antique store. Maurice is a powerful individual. Who also happens to sell dusty old furniture? He knows this world and he hates magic even more than I do. He promised he'd keep the chalice safe. Let's just hope he's a man who keeps his promises. Nothing here for you. You're not much of a salesman. You're not much of a customer. What do you want, Henry? - The chalice. - Don't be absurd. - I know I asked you to guard it, but the situation's changed. The chalice is perfectly safe. I don't think you understand. What part of the apocalypse do you think eludes me, my dear? I have been fighting demonic influences since before you were born. - Then we both want the same things. So just get the chalice and let me destroy it once and for all. - Vicki was connected to the ritual. - And one person has already been killed trying to bring Astaroth back. Henry, when you asked me to guard this, you made me swear never to reveal it's whereabouts to anyone, even you. The situation has changed. It's important. Well, I have no idea where it is. - You lost it? - It is beyond anybody's reach, even mine. - You used a concealment spell. You always were a clever one, Vampire. I thought you said he hated magic even more than you do. I only use magic to defeat magic. No one will ever see the chalice again. Well, I don't know about you but I would sure feel a whole lot safer if we destroyed the damn thing. Who says it would let you hurt it? The concentration of evil channeled into these things gives them their own power. - There must be some way to find the chalice. Even if we can't destroy it, we have to try. - I have taken on a burden. You're best out of it, both of you. I'm sorry, but what I do I do for the good of everyone. It is my mission. Thank you, Maurice. Come on. Maurice knows more about the chalice than either of us. If he feels it's safe, maybe we should trust him. Maybe that concealment spell works on us but how do we know it's going to work on a demon. There comes a moment when you have to believe in people. I'm running a little bit low on that right now, not to mention time and patience. - It's been safe with Maurice. He'll continue to protect it. There's nothing else we can do right now. Are you coming? No, I need some air. Do you know what time it is? Somewhere between way too late and way too early. What do you know about this case you're not telling me? - You know what I know, Kate. - The last time these murders started up, there was all kinds of talk about pentagrams and black magic. You know, people talk. People also said Vicki was involved in it somehow. We've all heard the kind of cases she's taking on these days. - Come on Kate, it's a living. This is crazy stuff. You don't want to get involved. Yeah, tell me about it. Take a break. We'll get on this in the morning. We'll find this guy. Yeah, you're right. Let's call it a night, huh? We're closed. Ms. Nelson, I told you, you couldn't have the chalice. I understand. I just had to ask again. I hope you can understand how important this is to me. My dear, I know what the demon did to you, and I promise you, Henry would never have brought the chalice to me if he didn't think I could protect it. Are you sure about that? Absolutely, there's no way anyone could find it. What if I ask nicely? I know what you are, and I'm not afraid. - It's here. - No. You think you're so smart. You should have read the fine print dude. The thing about spells is the magic dies with the person who cast it. Argghhhh! The same killer as our hockey player? - It looks that way. - But he doesn't bother to move the body. He's getting sloppy. You know, I thought everybody had security cameras these days. - Maybe nothing worth stealing. All looks like junk to me. It's hard to tell with some of this stuff. There's got to be at least a few hundred dollars. So our killer's not in it for the money. Try this. What if it's not about who he kills, but where? Well, the first body was moved. Then the placement of the body, maybe there's some sort of pattern to it. - Kills like that are usually posed. The first body was just dumped. Looks like the killer just left him where he fell. Maybe time's our way in. Maybe the killer's on a timetable. Hey, um... Mike! Oh, no, she's fine, let her through. - What is she doing here? - Well, if this is the same guy as our last killer, I thought Vicki might have some ideas. - Yeah and, hey, who doesn't like starting their day with a homicide? It's always nice to have a joke at the crime scene. - Ouch! - Yeah. All right. You know, Vick, there's some interesting books here. Yeah, I'm sure Maurice has quite the collection. - You knew him? - I met him last night. Henry and I were here, before he was killed. That's great. So I suppose you even know the motive. Maurice was guarding one of the objects needed to summon the demon. Looks like he did a hell of a job. I think that whoever's doing this killed him they got what they came for. - What does that mean? That he's ready to let the demon through? Not quite. He still needs a few more things. Unfortunately, I happen to be one of them. So whoever it was has the chalice. But everything else is still safe, right? Henry thought the chalice was safe. I don't care what Maurice says about these things not being able to be destroyed. I want five minutes alone with them and a sledgehammer. - What if we can't destroy them? It just keeps killing until it gets them? - Maybe. Or until we find whoever's doing this and stop them. It's going to be okay. We stopped it once, and that was before we were supernatural experts. No case too strange, right? I guess, but I'm still looking up wards and protection spells just in case. Any luck tracking down Camille? She's not in the book and motor vehicles doesn't have any record, but there are still a few 'C. Stokes' out there that I haven't heard from yet. Well, she is a psychic. She might have a stage name. Call Mike and see if police records have anything on her. If she's tuned in to whoever's doing this, she might be in as much danger as we are. Either that or the demon is the one placing the visions. You're getting as paranoid as I am. I like that. Where are you going? I've got to go see a man about a grimoire. It's not your fault. Maurice trusted me. I believed that if the objects were separated, he'd be safe. He knew the risks. He thought they were safe. I should know that using magic's never safe. I knew he wouldn't be able to resist having an object that was used in an actual summoning. I used his obsession. - Look, we just have to get the rest of them back. Where's the book? - Dr. Sagara has it. - You gave that book to one of your best friends? - She thought some good would come from studying it. - Henry, we know what that book does. We don't need to study it. You might as well have painted a target on her back and handed out bows and arrows. - She's aware of the danger. She won't have told anyone she has it. We don't even know how they found Maurice, they might be able to sense the objects. We have to get it back from her. Until we know how they really find it, I'm not going to endanger her. - It may already know she has it. Not telling her is putting her in jeopardy. - Contacting her right now could be leading them right to her. Once we know it's safe, we'll get the grimoire. Then you and I can have an old-fashioned book burning. It's going to be okay. It'll be okay? You said I was afraid to give myself over to passion. Do you really think that's true? Well, there's passion and then there's passion. Like the passion of longing for a lover's lips, his delicate touch. And then there's passion for gun magazines and shaking down suspects. And you think I'm the latter. It doesn't matter what I think. Good to know. I didn't expect you. I have bad news. Maurice Baloc is dead. Oh, I'm sorry. He was... He was one of a kind. He was, wasn't he? I'm afraid I was kind of responsible. - What are you talking about? I gave him something. Something some very dangerous people wanted. - I see. - I came for the book. - It's safe with me. - Nothing's safe. I just don't want you to get hurt, too. - You've changed, you know? - No, it's the same old me, Henry Fitzroy, vampire at large. Well, if you really want the book, I'm happy to give it to you. You're one of the few people I know with the strength not to be corrupted by it. Unlike that poor deluded young man you took it from. Who knows? Maybe he wasn't so deluded. Anyone who thinks that they got the best of a deal with a demon is a fool. - Sometimes you've got to wonder who the real fools are, don't you? I'm sorry, I was judging very harshly. I remember Norman from classes. He had great potential. He could have done great things. He shouldn't have been treated like that. How compassionate of you, Henry. I think Vicki's good for you. - She's a very special woman. - Um-hum. Don't assume she's as strong as you think. - Really? - Even after I knew that vampires and demons and magic were real, there was a part of me that never believed it. I had to force myself to not be afraid. But then I had to deal with things like this and then I understood. There's nothing wrong with being afraid. It keeps us sane. But you have to embrace the fear. Tell her that Henry. Don't let her get away without really letting her love you. Like I did. You and I were... What we were is different. Tell her. I just might do that. Thank you. Thank you for the book. Hey. Where's Coreen? She's running down leads on that psychic, Camille Stokes. None of that will matter soon. It's almost over. I took your advice. I visited Betty and got the book. You did? Where is it? It's back at my place. We can destroy it together. - Good. - That's what you wanted, isn't it? 'Cause it scares you. I want that demon bastard back in hell where he belongs. You don't have to act brave with me, Vicki. We know each other better than that. I just want this to end. The marks, the demons, all of it, no matter what it takes. It's not easy. Maybe you have to accept the marks. I thought you hated them even more than I do. But they're part of you now. There's nothing wrong with being afraid. It's what makes us sane. You have to embrace what you're afraid of. Yeah, maybe you're right. I mean there are times when I wonder if we're going to survive the next couple of hours. And I realized that if I died, there would be things I would regret not having done. I thought you wanted that. Oh god, Vicki Nelson, queen of bad timing. - No, that was great timing. - Don't patronize me. I liked it. Let's try it again. - You're sure? - Of course. Aw... Wow, maybe this is a bad idea. You know, we should probably stay on point, head back to your apartment, get the book and the dagger and destroy them. I have a friend who's a glassblower. She's got a kiln. - It's at my apartment. - Henry, what is wrong with you? - I've gotta go. - Hey! I can't kill you yet, so we're going to have to do this again sometime. Oh, by the way, you're a wicked kisser and when I say wicked, I mean totally sweet. Vicki, what are you doing here? I've been thinking and I have something to tell you. - About the demon? - About me. What's this about, Vick? About what you said, that I'm afraid of passion. I said too much. Even if I didn't want to believe it, you've made it perfectly clear what we are to each other. Wow, you give up easy. I was just... I was afraid. I knew what I wanted. It's just something was stopping me from getting it. Really. Yeah, and I'm not going to let that happen anymore. Come on, Henry, pick up. Come on, be there, be there. Dammit. Are you looking for something? No, just making myself comfortable. Well, I could make you more comfortable. Maybe we should save this 'til later. You know, let's just get that dagger and destroy it. The dagger can wait. We have more important business. More important than someone bringing a demon to earth? I don't think so! Just get it, all right? Who are you? ARGHHH...! GRROOOWWW...! We could have had such a beautiful relationship. - Uh, uh... - No, no, don't get up. I got it. Oh, I like that. You're hesitating 'cause she looks like your girlfriend. Now that's more like it. Hey, baby... You know if you give me that back, I'll even let you live. This can summon a demon, I wonder if it can kill one, too. Let's find out. You wouldn't kill her. You couldn't. This isn't her body. It's a lie. Are you sure about that? It feels pretty real to me. I mean I would know. I was just with her. - What did you do to her? - A gentleman never kisses and tells. Oops, just did. Whoever you are and whatever you are, it's time to die. HENRY! OOF..! You really shouldn't have stolen my shape. It's not like you're having any fun with it. Who are you? You people forget so soon. - Norman! - Ding! Gold star! Now who says blonds are stupid, huh? Not a real blond. Henry! Henry, are you okay? I'll live. You? That depends. Were you just at my apartment kissing me? - If I did, you'd rember. Oh! Blech! Blaw! I really need some mouthwash. - You're bleeding. - I'd hate to waste it. Stop! We've a demon to stop. Well, at least he didn't get the knife. It's not over. He knows where it is now. He'll come back for it. - Oh god, I have to warn Coreen. Coreen, I was hoping you'd be here. Camille! You're okay. Vicki was worried about you. - I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be? - It's just like you said, the demon's back. It's after Vicki and we thought it might come after you, too. Just a sec, that might be her. Yeah, it prably is. Vicki Nelson investigations. This is Coreen speaking. How may I help you? - What are you doing there? Oh, just visiting an old friend. She's going to come back to my place.</i> You want to join us? - Vicki, don't come! Don't you hurt her, Norman! You bring me that dagger and she's all yours. Vicki! I'm not fooling around with you anymore, okay? I need this. Oh, do I need this, and so does Coreen. Wear something nice. Ohh... dammit! This is the same killer, isn't it? I believe so. It's the same pattern, same level of violence. - Where did they find her? - At a dumpster near Bloor and Spadina. She's been dead three, four days. - I don't suppose she has a name, does she? - Everyone has a name. But fortunately for us our friend had a record. Consorting with the devil, eh? Detective, please, not in front of the client. Credit card fraud, forgery, domestic violence. Her jacket's several pages long. Her name's Camille Stokes. You knew her? - Vicki did. Have any idea where she lived? On Lunnigan. I think it was... 52 Lunnigan? How did you know? Just a sec. Mike, we found the murder.</i> It's Norman Bridewell. Since when does hell have exit privileges?</i> He wasn't dead when he was taken so apparently he didn't pass 'go'. - All right, some of this is starting to make sense. Your psychic, Camille Stokes, she lived in Bridewell's building. What do you want to bet he's still connected to that</i> pentagram in his old apartment somehow?</i> There's no such thing as coincidences these days. Mike, he's got Coreen. All right, listen, Vicki, I'm going to go in after her. - Not alone. - I can't exactly call a SWAT team in on this one. - This is my fight. He wants me, and if he doesn't get me, he's going to kill Coreen. I will meet you there. No, Vicki! Vick? Oh, dammit! Why'd you ever get me and let me know what's going on? We're supposed to be working on this together. It's complicated. But not so complicated that you can't bring Vicki into it. I can't pretend to understand you relationship with her, but I don't know why you're cutting me out. Kate, don't do this, okay? I'm in a lose, lose situation here. - That's what I'm saying to you, it doesn't have to be. - I will fill you in as soon as I can. Fine. Play it on your own. But understand that when it hits the fan, you're the one wearing it. Great. Yup. Yup. Help! It worked! I just learned that's already "How to stop it,?..." Pretty cool, uh? - You're supposed to be dead. - Yeah. Pretty much. But, uh... That's all well that you and I, isn't it? - You don't have to do this. This stuff that I did... I can't go back, Coreen. I get to play this out, ...all the way. Besides, come on, it all gone be over soon, uh? Imagine, you and me - This is the end of the world, or something? - No. Not for me, not for you either. If you just play nice, Coreen, ok? I like you, I like you a lot... - You've killed people.. - There's billions more where they come from, trust me, ok? Are you gonna kill me? I don't know, dead sucks but then again you would make a wicked hot demon. It's done. - Do you really think this is gonna work? - You have to have faith, Vicki. Here we go again. Is she's in there? - I can smell it. It's not? who knows we are here. Hi guys. You took your time. I was going to start without you. - Yes. Empty try, Norman. You need the dagger and you need me. - So, did you bring it? You kept her out of the party. Then let her go. Dagger first, and I would like Vicki to bring it to me. - Take me instead. No, you know that? what I need. - Henry, give it to me. Vicki, this may not work. Vicki, no! Let her go Bridewell! Well, who the hell are you? You think, uh shooting me is gonna stop me? - Might make me feel better. Now excuse me, I have a little ritual thing here to take care of ok? We talk about this later. Vicki would you just give it to me? - Ok, Norman, we'll play in your way. Do you want the dagger? Here it is! Nice throw! All right, here we go... It's time Vicki. Go. - Run Coreen, get out of here. - Not without you! - That's your spirit use that, (?) no more?, Vicki Yes. - Aahh! - Aahh, what did you do? - How the day your blood's part on priest on the way over? I'm in trap! - It's over, Norman. - Not yet. Do you think this is over? You felt it, all the crazy things you've been joint to use it was you, Vicki! And if you like or not I've trust that they'll come knocking. These marks, you think that they're a curse? they're a gift. You just have to embrace them, Vicki. and you can have anything that you want, even him. God, I hate what that happens! - Vicki... - Yeah, wait... Thank you, I didn't think that anybody could stop him. He was gonna kill me and take me with him. There's still be stays down this time. What do you gonna do with those? - Same thing I should be done from the beginning We can destroy them together. - Good. Yeah. That's not all well, I got three unsolved homicides that I gotta deal with. - I think there's the bright side, it could been four, five, six. - Yeah, I'll be sure to tell Crowley that. Hey, how's your hand? - Aah, it'll be all right. All right. Hey, come on, Coreen, let's give a close look at those cuts. I'm concerning about Norman may have done while he was acting as me. Oh, not much, no, no seemed in your way. Really? 'Cause he said, you know, you fell like he's just been with you. - Ok, may he fooled me for like...a second. - How far that that second take him? Ah, come on, don't take the crazy ideas, you know demons, they lie. - Of course. - Oh, he got you, too. Vicki, maybe we just forget that something that happened.