- Pepsi challenge? - Nope. Am I being executed? Just a little experiment. It's said that when you're deprived of one of your five senses, the other four compensate by becoming sharper. Now, I know I usually test you on what you can see, but today I want you to tell me what you can hear. Ready? All right. Tell me what you heard. Well, you went from the fridge to the stove. Then you picked something up and threw it in the trash. Excellent. Take off your blindfold. Hey, my report! You threw it in the trash. Why? Because it wasn't your report. I saw you get it from Gus. Now you're gonna do the report yourself. Next thing I want to hear is the sound of that pencil moving across your paper. I'd rather be executed. It's just stupid, that's all. If he didn't have any hair, no one had any business calling him fuzzy wuzzy. - They were being ironic, shawn. - Yeah, but he wasn't fuzzy, was he? No, he wasn't. Irony, Shawn. - My point precisely. - Hey, Shawn. - What are you doing here? - We were out for a stroll. Figured we'd stop in for a social call. Plus, Gus left his retainer in the break room. You came here in a torrential rainstorm for that? Okay, truth is we were bored. The storm knocked out our cable. Gus wouldn't play boggle or cranium. I said I would play some cranium. The storm didn't knock out our cable. - Shawn didn't pay the bill. - Would have. The storm would have knocked out our cable. You said it yourself, jules. It's torrential out there. The reason we're here is to pick up the check from our last case so we can get our cable turned back on. The weather has dampened my psychic powers, but I am sensing that something big is about to come through that door. Huge! We just got a call from Lassiter. He arrested Ernesto Ramos Chavez 20 minutes ago. He is second in command of the cinco reyes. So he plays the big guitar in the mariachi band? No, Shawn, cinco reyes. Five kings. They're one of the most dangerous gangs in our country. Very good. Lassiter busted him several years ago, but the DA couldn't make the charges stick, so he just dropped off the radar. But since then we've gotten hard evidence on Chavez that links him to a whole lotta nasty stuff. Nough to put him away for good. Lassiter did a great thing today. He's here! Come on, dude, this is way better than cable. I don't know. Ultimately, he's just another bad guy. Book him. I got a tip from an informant that chavez had finally resurfaced. I tracked him to the quick shop. Took a position at the front door. His only way out was through me. The clerk said it'll take a few more minutes to process our check. Do you mind? The man is telling his story. Go ahead. So I walked up to him, said, "Good to see you again, Chavez. You're coming with me." He said, "just you?" And I said, "just me." Uh, just to be clear. Are we talking about the quick shop on las palmas or on princeton? What's the difference? Let's say, for example, that you'd like a bag of funyuns. Gonna have to go to Las Palmas. - Princeton doesn't stock them. - Don't ask me why. - Who doesn't love funyuns? - It was the one on Las Palmas. But I had more important things on my mind than chips. Naturally, you were apprehending a very dangerous - criminal from the cincos, right? - Yeah, reyes. But just so you know, - funyuns aren't actually a chip. - Shawn, enough with the funyuns. - They are an onion-flavored corn snack. - And, for the record, they are fun. That's enough from us. We're being rude. So how does it feel? You guys in the gang unit couldn't catch chavez and lassiter did. Yeah, whatever. Hey, made our job easier. - Kudos, Lassiter. - Thanks, Drimmer. Detective lassiter, may I see you in my office? You bet. Probably wants to give me a commendation or something. Probably gonna make you a cop and a half. You deserve it, Carlton. Hey, I win, we all win. Detective, I'd like to introduce agents Whieldon and Rupp. They're from the FBI national gang task force. Agents. Good of you to be here. It's been quite a night. We choppered right in when we heard about the arrest. Ernesto chavez has been a high-profile target for a long time. It's just a perfect storm of good timing. Even better footwork. But you didn't have to travel all the way up here to congratulate me. We didn't. We're here for Chavez. - Excuse me? - We cut him a deal and he took it. He's gonna turn state's witness against the rest of the cinco reyes gang. - You're just gonna let them take him? - I'm sorry, detective. But ernesto chavez's testimony could have a profound effect in dismantling a major criminal enterprise. I have not devoted countless man-hours in pursuit of this scumbag to have him comfortably live out his days in some witness program. - No way. - I understand your frustration. - He should be rotting in prison! - But it's not your call to make, Detective. So why don't you run along and fetch us our witness? - Why don't you kiss my... - Detective! Combos, different story. They are both pretzels and cheese, and if you get one without cheese, that means the bag is haunted. Should have taken him out when I had the chance. What's that about? Well, I got it, but get this. The sergeant says that all checks must be endorsed by chief vick. Relax, buddy. No reason to get all athwack. - Athwack? That's not a word. - It's viennesium. That's not a language. - Chief, pressing matter. - Oh, not now, spencer. All I need is a signature and a pen. Either of you guys have a bic? Montblanc, paper mate? I'll take a crayon. Agents Whieldon and Rupp, our department psychic, Shawn Spencer. Very impressive work. Usually takes me 15 minutes to work lassiter up into that kind of lather. Then I rinse and repeat. See, guys, I'm not the only one not paying bills. Synch: IceFre@k, golgi, Arrow Psych 311 Lassie Did a Bad Bad Thing</i> - He's dead. - Damn it! Get the coroner and forensics down here right away. What are you people staring at? He's getting away. You're standing over a dead man with a gun in your hand. - And? - And I'd like to know what happened. No time for that, chief. Our shooter's in the building. Make time, detective. I was escorting chavez out of his cell when the lights went off. I was accosted from behind. I drew my weapon. I lost it in the scuffle. I heard a shot, the lights came on, Chavez was dead. I just retrieved my weapon when you arrived on the scene. Detective, that story's a big load of crap. Are you calling me a liar? Oh, you picking up on that, genius? Detective lassiter! - Hold me back. - Shawn, will you get serious? Lassiter just shot a guy. Don't be ridiculous. He didn't kill anyone. His finger wasn't even on the trigger. Stand down! All of you! Chief, I think it's obvious what went down here. Your detective just wasted my lead witness. And I would love to know what you're gonna do about it. Detective lassiter says he's not the shooter, then I believe him. Are you kidding me? Thank you, chief. All right, everybody, listen up. There's a good chance our shooter is still in the building. - O'hara, you and I... - O'hara, take three officers and search the lower floor. The rest of you, I want this station locked down tight. Every window and exit covered. Every room and air duct searched. Move! You, you, you. We are gonna follow protocol to the letter, detective. Now, first, I need to run ballistics on your weapon. Right, of course. Got it. Now I need a full statement from you in writing. Good luck finding a pen. All due respect, I would be more useful in the search. I wasn't asking. Let's get outta here. This is creeping me out. Hold on a second. Hey, where the hell are you going? This is a crime scene. I was looking for the bathroom. Is that not the bathroom? You know what, never mind. I can hold it. Unless you wanna fork over one of those evidence bags. Gimme a little privacy? Out! Okay. As far as we can tell, no one has entered or exited the building. Okay, we've done a complete search and we have alibis from all staff present. - And? - Nothing. I think it's time to have another talk with detective Lassiter. Don't you, chief? Detective. We need to go over some things, so I need you to tell me again exactly - what happened. - It's all right here, chief. Any word on the search? Our shooter must have gotten through. We've got to expand our perimeter. Carlton, it's not as simple as that. Have a seat. Ocampo. - What's internal affairs doing here? - Detective Lassiter. I understand you've been going through a difficult divorce. I also see that you've been putting in quite a lot of overtime lately. Not to mention, you have a higher than normal incidence of discharging your weapon. And you were overheard saying you should have taken him out when you had the chance. Are you saying I am actually a suspect? You've got to be kidding me! We need to do a gun residue swab to make sure that it wasn't you who fired the weapon. We're just making sure. Fine, but I am telling you you are wasting your time. - Chief, we need to speak. - No, we don't. The spirit world is abuzz and my psychic vibes indicate, nay... insist that lassiter did not shoot chavez. I mean, we all knew that he would shoot somebody someday... Oh, so you think he's capable of it? No, he doesn't. At most, lassiter would plant evidence. Would someone please get them out of here? I couldn't agree more. Don't worry, buddy, we're all over this! Look, I believe lassiter is innocent too but we need hard evidence to exonerate him. Not visions or vibrations or whatever it is you have. Chief, those are but two of the arrows in my psychic quiver. You have to go by the book on this one. We understand. - Thank you. - Oh, chief, one more thing. Could you sign this check for us? We're a little bit broke-ish. You think she went back inside to get a pen? I'm still not convinced. How can you be absolutely certain that lassiter didn't shoot chavez? It's relatively easy, gus. I decided to be and therefore I am. - Socrates said that. - That was descartes. - That's the cologne we wore in school. - That was drakkar noir. - No, that is a wine. - That's pinot noir. Hello. Chief! Welcome, welcome to the fortress of solitude! - Coffee? - Oh, no, no, thank you. No, I've had enough. No more coffee. I've been up all night and we still haven't found any physical evidence that this mystery shooter ever existed. And what's worse? Ocampo got a hold of Lassiter's psychological profile. Wow, he really has it out for him. Chief, those psych evals are rarely accurate. It was probably done by some crackpot shrink with a fake swedish accent. It was the one done by your mother. Sweet baby J. Last night you said that lassiter is innocent. - He is. - Can you prove it? Of course I can. - Oh, you mean right now? - Yes, now! Ocampo has a warrant to search lassiter's place and he's headed over there right now, and unless you have something tangible, I don't think I can stop this train. Chief, I think you can. I think you can. I think you can. Don't worry. I'll divine something to get lassiter off the hook. Let's go! It's dedication. It's creepy is what it is. The lab results just came in. I knew it. Lassiter's hand tested positive for G.S.R Well, duh. Lassiter always has G.S.R on his hands. He practically lives at the shooting range. Think he wants to hang around here? Ballistics says the bullet that killed Chavez definitely came from Lassiter's gun. All right. This may be a little tougher than I thought. Not for me. Chief. I didn't know you'd be coming by today. I actually hadn't planned to, but... Oh, no. Detective Lassiter, you are the prime suspect in the murder of Ernesto Ramon Chavez and as of this moment you are on suspension. Please relinquish your badge. Here, let me help you with this. Thanks. I know you didn't do this, buddy. And I'm gonna do everything I can to prove it. I promise. Hot cheese! {\pos(192,220)}Dude, you know that cheese has gone bad? {\pos(192,220)}Contraire, mein herr, it's gone good, very good. {\pos(192,220)}Don't you know cheese is best when it's aged? {\pos(192,220)}I read somewhere that a japanese business man spent a fortune on a 200-year old wheel of Jarlsberg. I think you're confusing that with Monet'swater Lillies. No, I'm pretty sure it was a Jarlsberg. Don't you people ever clean up in here? - This place is a sty. - Lassie, what's up? {\pos(192,220)}And the outfit, man. What, are you back on the job already? {\pos(192,220)}No, these are my civvies. {\pos(212,260)}They look exactly like your work clothes. Hardly. I'm wearing my suede bucks. They're a casual gentleman's shoe. A casual gentleman's shoe. What are you, the great gatsby? Gonna do a little swan watching with daisy Buchanan later? - How did you come up with that one? - Eighth grade summer reading. What? Anyway, we're glad to see you. What are you doing here? I wanted to tell you how much I appreciate you believing my innocence. Especially considering how little I believe in you. I'm starting my owninvestigation and I want you on board. - You're hiring us? - Absolutely not. - Then what are you doing? - {\I'm giving you}Give you the chance to work with me. - But we do that all the time. - Are you gonna help me{\ or not}? Of course we are. You're like our brother. Step-brother. Weird kid who lives down the street, eats nothing but mayonnaise on saltines? Please, have a seat. Before we get started, we always like to ask a few preliminary questions. - Standard stuff. - Fire away. Okay, well, let's see. One, did you kill that guy? - What? - {\Guys, }This is {\kind of }a time-sensitive issue. If I don't clear my name in the next 24 hours, my chances become very slim. {\Now }I need to know your process. How do we get started? - {\You }Really{\ wanna know my process}? - Absolutely. Usually starts with a holla and ends with a creamsicle. Then if there's time in between, ThunderCats. I'm dead. The D.A. is already hounding me for this report. I don't know how much longer - I can hold her off. - Hounding you? When did that happen, Ocampo, over drinks last night? Look... I'm saying{\ is that} this is a highly sensitive case. The sooner we clear it up, - the better for all of us. - I'm not signing off on anything until a thorough investigation is complete. As far as I'm concerned, the pretty little D.A. can wait. Whatever you say, chief. Chief, can I talk to you for a second? - I don't trust that guy. - {\Who, }Ocampo? Neither do I, he's a snake. Exactly, he's a politician. A guy like that will screw anyone for an indictment, - we can't let him do that to Lassiter. - Detective, I'm handling this. And meanwhile, you have cases to work. Chief, he's here. Send him in. Look, O'Hara, you're distracted and I can't have that. So I'm assigning you a new partner. He's one of the best detectives that I've got, he's willing to help us out. Look, O'Hara, I know this situation is... weird. All I can do is try to be as capable as your former partner was. - Lassiter is still my partner. - Absolutely. That didn't come out right. You're dismissed. Good news. We got you a grape one. Told you I don't want a popsicle. - Guess we'll have to share this. - How do you share {\a popsicle}it? I take a lick, you take a lick, I take a lick, you take a lick, - I take a lick... - It's yours. Are those overnight bags? - Yeah, had 'em in my trunk. - You're staying here? My place is a crime scene. It's either here or I'm mucking with one of you two. {\- Here's fine.} Make yourself at home. Excellent. Now, I have narrowed it down to 31 known enemies of Chavez. All people who wanted him dead. If we split the list three ways we can get this done a lot faster. Our objective is to a do a thorough work-up of every suspect and figure out who had access to the holding cell. It's{\ none of} not{\ those guys} them. {\Are you saying }That's your method for all your investigations? - Not all{\ of them}. - Most{\ of them}. A great many of them, yes. I am getting something though. You didn't tell me everything {\that happened} about that night. I told you everything I saw. When you're deprived of one of your five senses, the other four compensate by becoming sharper. Close your eyes. No can do. I never close my eyes with other people around, ever. What the hell are you doing? - The hell are you doing? - Will you relax? Sensory deprivation. You tell me what you saw. Now tell me what you heard. Right, obviously I heard the sound of my weapon going off. No, that's not it. Something else. The only other thing I heard was... - I heard a faint squeak. - Yahtzee, that's it. That's our first lead. We go back to the cell, figure out what made that faint little squeak and that'll lead us to our killer. I have to say, that's pretty impressive, Spencer. - Can I take this thing off now? - You may. Great, let's get over there. That sounds like the horchata guy, what? Guster, we kinda have other things on our plate right now. Don't mind him. He's out of his mind. That's clearly the frozen yogurt guy. Let's do this. - Where do you think you're going? - I'm coming with you. Buddy, you're under investigation. You can't go in there. Just stay here. We'll be back as soon as we can. What are you guys doing here? I was guided here, by the spirits and Gus. The spirits told me that you're about to lead us down to the holding cells. - Gus just drove. - Absolutely not. As you can see, I am busy with another case. Where's your compassion? This is Lassiter we're talking about here. He's your comrade. Don't you dare lecture me. I am more upset about this than you could ever be. Lassiter is my partner. How would you feel if something happened to Gus? Depends {\entirely }on what happened to him. If he wakes up one day and he's Howard Jones, I'm like, "dude, things can only get better". He wins U.S. Open, I'm openly weeping in the front row of the players box between his mom and his dad. If he leaves the cake out in the rain... Look... The chief is on top of this. She's making sure that every piece of evidence is analyzed, and every person is questioned. Even the guy that was passed out - in the holding cell the other night. - Wait. {\a second...} - There was someone else down there? - Somebody named Kenneth Loggins. Kenny Loggins is in jail? The composer of <i>House at Pooh Corner</i>, and this is it has fallen on hard times? Not that Kenny Loggins. This guy is a petty thief and a drunk. We picked him up for vagrancy outside of {\Tom }Blair's pub and released this morning. Did he see anything that can help us? Or more importantly... - Did he hear anything? - No, like I said, he was passed out. Now I have to go. Drimmer is waiting for me. Big, goofy dude from upstairs? You're working with him now? It's only temporary. Just 'till Lassiter gets reinstated. Looks like it's stealth mode for us, partner. Stealth mode? Hit the jackal switch. What is she doing with Drimmer? Oh, my God. She's already been assigned a new partner. - Wait, do you know where we're going? - I have no idea. And he's letting her drive. Let's just get in and out before someone catches us. Someone like me? I may yell for the guard, unless you do what I want. What do you want? - A friendly ear. - That's you. I'm not giving him my ear. Talk to him, but... don't get too close, 'cause I'm not {\actually }sure he doesn't want one of your ears. - You talk to him. - Will you go and talk to him? - Why do I gotta talk to him? - Because I gotta walk around here... I heard a faint squeak. Dude, I got it. Let's go. Did you know that before he stabbed a guy, he was a life coach? - Who would hire him as a life coach? - The guy he stabbed. We need to get out of here. If what you're saying is right, and Kenny Loggins saw the murder go down, Why would he lie{\ to the cops}, and say he didn't see anything? 'Cause what he saw, or more importantly, who he saw, scared the hell out of him. - Loggins knows who the real killer is. - Which means we're headed to his {\favorite }dive. Tom Blaire's pub? If he wouldn't tell the cops, why do you think he would tell us? I have ways, Gus. - You don't have any ways, do you? - I have curds and wheys. It's Kenny Loggins. He's dead. So you're saying he's not all right. {\pos(192,220)}What's up? You totally abandoned us. Where'd you go? {\pos(192,220)}- Walking. - Walking? Where? - 'Round. - And you're not answering your phone. - Nothing to say. - Dude, is that my shirt? I spilled tapioca on mine. Tapioca? My tapioca? {\pos(192,220)}The one with the light dusting of cinnamon on top, that was in the fridge? - My mom made that. - Gus, simmer down. - What's going on here? - Well, let's see... My partner's moved on, my career's in shambles, and even sweet lady justice has abandoned me. - Bitch. - Look, you're not done yet. - There was someone else down there. - Kenny Loggins, he was passed out. He wasn't passed out. And I sense that he saw everything, and someone killed him because of it, and that someone wasn't you. - It wasn't you, was it? - Dude! I'm saying, he's the one who disappeared from the car. - This is a huge development. - It is, you're right. The one person who can get me off the hook... is now dead. Thank you, Spencer. He's seriously depressed. He's going all Bukowski on us. - I don't think we can leave him alone. - What do we do with him? All right, I don't think Lassiter killed Chavez any more than you two do, but it doesn't mean I want him camped out in my house. For the record, I'm only 75% sure he didn't do it. - Gus... - What? That's up from yesterday. Dad, look, the man's clearly in a bad place. We just need you to keep an eye on him for a little while. Yeah, right... He's in my kitchen, breaking my only-I-drink-from-the-carton rule. He is a fellow cop in need of help. Isn't that reason enough? One day, one day. No more. Thank you. All right, now is this where the... you-ask-for-my-advice part comes in? What? No, dad. Please. All right, check it out. We know that the real killer had access to the{\ holding} cells, and knew how to shut off the power. All right. So the janitor killed him. - Dad, I think this was an inside job. - You stop right there. You do not throw accusations like that around. - Do you understand? - Think about it. Loggins saw the shooter, but was too afraid to I.D. him. - Now, who would he fear most? - Kenny Loggins was in the next cell? - Was Jim Messina in there with him? - Who's Jim Messina? - A different Kenny Loggins. - Listen to me... Under no circumstances do you go into that police station, and snoop around, and put yourself at risk. Do you understand? Look me in the eyes, and say it. I promise. Good. Now hurry up. What, were you raised by wolves? - Let's go. - Where{\ we heading}? - Police station. - You told your dad you wouldn't go{\ there}. How long have you known me? - Now, what exactly are we looking for? - Anything that connects Kenny Loggins to someone in the department. - That's weird. - What do you got? I'm in the arrest database, and there's no record of a Kenny Loggins. The drunkard or the gifted musician. That doesn't make any sense. Jules said he was a chronic offender. These are the hard copies of every arrest in the last year. He should definitely be in here. Dude, this thing goes from page 29, to page 32. There's two pages missing. Somebody must've taken it out. Man, now my fingers are all smudgy. - Why do I even bother with mani/pedis? - Dude, I think somebody's here. Act natural. What the hell are you doing? It was the strangest thing, Jules. I'm having psychic spasms. I believe the origin of these spasms is coming from inside the records room. Oh, oh, that's a biggie. I am sensing that there is something missing in here. Something to do with Kenny Loggins, the criminal, not the man with fabulous hair. - What are you talking about? - Another one. This is from the hips. This is some serious business. Look at this log book. I'm sensing all the records of his arrest are gone. - These pages have been stolen. - What? What? What is it? What are you getting? I was thinking of footloose. The she-welder dances over the chair, and the water was cascading down. - That wasflashdance. - That was awesome. - Oh, my god! - What? I saw Ocampo go in this office earlier. He was shredding papers. - The IA guy? - It makes perfect sense. He has big-time political ambitions, and taking down a high-ranking officer would be a huge career boost for him. The shredder's been emptied. The janitor is still here. Come on, let's go. I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it. That's dirty. It's impossible to tell anything from these. - Not after they're taped back up again. - Tell me you're kidding. I don't joke about meticulously reassembling shredded documents. This will be fun. Like doing a puzzle. Except instead of revealing a shipwreck, we'll get proof Ocampo is the killer. I'll stay here and trace any logon ocampo made to the database... Someone's coming. O'hara, I finished up that paperwork for both of us, so I'm gonna take off for the day. See you around, partner. - Partner. - That's cold, juliet. He is not my partner, he just thinks that he is my partner. He's paid for coffee, brought me cupcakes, but trust me, my mind is 100% focused on Lassiter, just like you. You guys are thinking about cupcakes, aren't you? They're not on her desk. Are you gonna help out or what? Gus, i'm still cramping, man. It's my fault, I should've hydrated. I cannot take it anymore. I cannot spend one more minute with Lassiter. He is... driving me outta my mind. - What is this? - Nothing. Just... - You know... - Paper. You went to the police station? I told you very specifically do not go there and poke your nose around. My nose is not to blame. My feet took me there. Along with Gus, but listen, we struck gold. In these shreddings is the answer to who killed Kenny Loggins. We could use an extra set of hands. My knuckles are swelling. You said it was cramping. - The pain is criminal, Gus. - What do you say, dad? Help us out, or back to Lassie? That bad, huh? Can't take it anymore. He's eaten everything in my house, he's recording every episode of cops. - You love cops. - Not 25 times a day. It's got me nostalgic for the times that you were living at home. - It's nauseating. - Thanks, dad. Peanut guy. You two keep at it. And I'll be back before you can say, I heart legumes. - You're really good. - It's hereditary. I come from a long line of puzzlers, Gus. - Shawn is terrible at puzzles. - Skips a generation. And there's a little something extra for you. Out for my nightly jog. - Gotta work off those cupcakes. - Right. Good luck with that. Hey, listen, I was wondering something. Are you and O'hara... You know, an item? 'cause she seems to talk about you an awful lot. Really? What is he doing out there? He's got the nuts already. Bring 'em in. Does this say versa bank? - This is a credit card bill. - Yep. So much for Shawn's theory. Is that all he's paying for cable? I'm getting robbed! That's fascinating. What else? What else did she say? Well, that you're very witty and urbane. I'm sure. And also, that you're really gifted. This psychic stuff really... brings results. So, first thing I gotta know is... Am I gonna win the lottery? - I'm not. - I don't know. I didn't think I was anyway, so... No, but more importantly, you getting anything on this Lassiter business? Man. Now my fingers are all smudgy. You're getting something, aren't you? All I got is a couple of dudes in the office jonesing for peanuts. One of 'em's part elephant. He never lets me forget that. I guess you better get back to them. Good talk, Drimmer. Hey, Shawn. One more thing. That was a cheap shot, Drimmer. One minute we're there chatting about your creepy infatuation with Jules, {\pos(192,230)}and the next, I'm laying on this uncomfortable couch. {\pos(192,230)}In Lassie's place, no less? My god. Could this get any worse? I guess it can. Shut up, Spencer. You might be able to smartass your way outta some things, {\pos(192,230)}but I don't see that happening here. {\pos(192,230)}- So you're the psychic now. - Shut up. {\pos(192,230)}I like the sound of my own voice. I won't apologize for that. {\pos(192,230)}Besides, I should thank you for cold-cocking me. You managed to shake my psychic juju loose. One second. It was you Chavez looked at when Lassiter brought him in. Because in your years on the gang unit, the two of you became quite the bffs. You never brought Chavez in, and you never intended to, because you were on his payroll. You guys in the gang unit couldn't catch Chavez,</i> but Lassiter did. Yeah, whatever. Made our job easier. Kudos, Lassiter. He was turning state's witness, you knew it was only a matter of time before he pointed the finger at you. So you had to take him out. Poor Kenny Loggins, he was just collateral damage. One might even say... He was in the danger zone. Come on, Drimmer. That at least merited a micro-chuckle. You really think killing me is gonna solve your problems? Oh, I'm not gonna kill ya. {\Break in the case, meet me at your apartment.} - Have you seen shawn? - He's missing. No, he isn't exactly missing. He hasn't been gone 24 hours. - Gus is a little panicky. - Where did you last see him? He was last outside our office, talking with your new partner. What's his name? Cupcake guy? That's weird. He told me he was driving to Santa Paula to visit his mother. Spencer, get your feet off my table. How the hell'd you get in my place? I can't believe you thought that text was actually from me. It lacked all nuance, my signature mocking tone, and was utterly devoid of emoticons. Why? Because he's in business with Cinco Reyes, and when you brought in Chavez, business hours were over, sweetheart. I just became kojak. I knew it was something off about you, but I didn't figure you for dirty. You are one lowlife, scum-suckin' bastard, aren't you? I know how this works, Lassiter. Trying to throw me off with one of your stupid little insults. Well, fellas, might as well get on with it. What's that? Your suicide note. It explains how Spencer psychically figured out that it was you. I believe the term you're looking for is "divined." Spencer "divined" it was you who killed Chavez and Loggins, and he was gonna go to the chief with it. So you shot him. You two being former lovers and all, you were overwhelmed with guilt. - Former lovers? Really? - Called misinformation. He's hoping they won't look too closely. You are one sick twist, Drimmer. I know. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Just wait. I'm getting something. Something wild. Something in the way you look tonight. Deep blue. - Something... - Do you ever stop talking? What're you doing there? Looking for one of your spare pistols that you've hidden? Cops found all your guns. Hey, stop it! What're you doing? Stop that! Back off. Stop that! Looks like they missed one. At least one. There are eight. And I seriously doubt they found the one in my shower or hidden in my hi-fi. How'd you find us? I tracked Drimmer on his cell phone GPS. Shawn. Are you all right? Yeah, I think so. Hi-fi? Lassie, you were so cool a second ago. All right. We get our check, boom. Right to the cable company. And no chatting up juliet. - Juliet who? - What's lassiter doing here? {\pos(192,230)}- I thought he was taking some time off. - You know he wants to see us. How's our favorite {\pos(192,230)}exonerated murderer slash dirty cop catcher doing? - We thought you were on vacation. - I am. This is my vacation. Man, it is so good to have you back. Listen, guys. What you did for me... I can't tell you how much it means. I mean, granted, I did save your life, but I know I wouldn't be back if it weren't for you two. We know you woulda done the same for us. Let's not go crazy. But look, I... I do have something for you. More of a token, really. Get out of this station. Free chips with any sandwich purchase at Hal's hoagies. - Lassie, there aren't words. - It's the least I could do. Yes, it is. I do have something else for you. Got the chief to sign your check. Sweet! Catch you later. - Off to the cable company.