have that ability. Me... getty, clampett, crisco and wesson. But your dad told us never to dig in the yard. My dad doesn't understand the concept of taking risks. All we have to do is find the oil, and that'll show him. Let's say we do find oil. - What happens then? - All of our dreams come true. I'll be rich, and you'll work for me. - What the hell's going on here? - Hey, dad. We were prospecting for oil. How was your day? All right, there's grass seed and duct tape in the garage. I want this yard exactly as it was. I don't care if it takes you both all night, you understand? You're bunching up over there! Let's go! Move that pipe. Let's go! Bring those forks in through here. Watch it now. Watch 'em. Easy on the tongs. Easy on the tongs. Don't break those chains! You two are bunching up over there. Let's move that pipe. Let's go! McCloud, watch that lift. Check your line, Aldridge. Hey, you! That's no man's land. Get away from there! Hey, buddy! I'm talking to you. Clear the area. Don't think I'm not gonna write you up. Great, I'm missing a huge symposium on new frontiers in medical treatment, - and I don't even know what for. - What is that? The fungus one? Don't play. You know that fungus is my bread and butter. Really? You know what my bread and butter is? Bread and butter. Fungus has never entered into the equation. Not once. All the chief said was that time was of the essence - and that she'd brief us on the boat. - I wonder what this case is about. - It has something to do with the ocean. - It could be anything. Crab on crab violence, a gang war between the mermen and the shark people, or maybe she wants to take us wild orca hunting. All right, guys. Come on up. All right, here's the deal. A safety inspector named Butch Hicks fell to his death from an offshore oil rig last night and his body washed up onshore. The rig, he was working on, is the Bamford number 7. - That's where we're headed. - First of all, let me just say, awesome, I've always wanted to go on an oil rig. Excuse me, chief, but how is this a police matter? From what you've said, it's an accident. That's what the coast guard thinks, but I'm not so sure. We received an anonymous tip about a week ago that we traced to a pay phone outside the dive shop on the pier. The caller said that something highly unsafe was going on out on that rig and that he was risking everything to warn us. - Dude, harbor seal. - What? Did you share this information about the anonymous tip with the coast guard? Absolutely not. I've had dealings with them in the past and I don't trust 'em. If you suspect foul play, shouldn't your lead detective be here? Where's lassie? And Juliet? Shouldn't she be here? The truth is... what we're doing isn't exact. We're acting more in an unofficial capacity, more questions and I'm gonna turn this boat around, take you both - back to shore, understood? - I'm all right with that. - Except that Gus' leg is touching mine. - Is not. - He keeps looking at my ear. - Enough. Now we're gonna be there in about five... This is the U.S. coast guard. Stop your engine and prepare to be boarded.</i> Damn it. I'll handle this. Good morning. Good morning. What brings you out here? - Just doing a little sight-seeing. - Is that right? What's this? It's a rig manifest. You wouldn't be thinking of nosing in on my accidental death case, would you? Cause that's my jurisdiction. Sorry to break it to you, commander, but according to the GPS, that southeast corner of the rig crosses back inside three miles, which brings it under my jurisdiction. You don't want to come up against me because you will lose. We'll see about that. Hi, commander, I'm Shawn Spencer, amateur dolphinologist, big fan of the briny and lemon squares. Stay out of this. Don't worry, chief. I'm sure the commander here is a perfectly reasonable human person. Here's the thing. We received an anonymous tip that there may be more going on here than meets the eye. So with your blessing, of course, we'd like to go ahead and check out the rig. Anonymous tip? You weren't gonna share this information with me? Like you ever shared anything with me. - I Could have you brought up on charge. - You can't intimidate me. I'm giving you exactly ten seconds to get this vessel out of my waters. I'd like to see you make me. My nose is touching yours. What do you think about that? - Can you do that to a commander? - You can when she's your sister. Don't you put your nose right up into mine again. - What if I put it really close? - What if I actually touch your nose? Yes, sir. I understand. Judge ruled with me on jurisdiction, didn't he? But that doesn't change the fact that I have far more experience - investigating homicides. - But this wasn't a homicide. - This was an accident. - You don't know that for certain. I can't get over it. After all this time, the chief never said she had a sister. It's strange. - And such an alluring sister at that. - Creepy. You should hear this. I got the commander's bio of the coast guard web site. "Commander B... " "Commander Barbara Dunlap. "Graduated U.S. coast guard academy with honors "conducted multiple search and rescue operations "kodiak, alaska" "assumed command Santa Barbara station 2002. "To date, interdicted over $5 million of illegal narcotics "and has saved 57 lives." - Very impressive. - Impressive and intoxicating. I mean, all that power in one woman? There's no photo. - Creepier. - I know I don't care about your so-called experience. You are not getting anywhere near my oil rig. Too bad because we have a psychic, Mr. Spencer, who is gonna figure out who our anonymous tipster is, which could be pretty darn important to the investigation. It could, since this is now in my jurisdiction, your psychic is my psychic. Commander... Carlton Lassiter, head detective. I had no idea that the chief had such an accomplished younger sister. She's older. What are you doing standing there? We have a missing persons case to work. I'd love to stay and chat, but I have an investigation to conduct. Spencer, are you coming? May we have a moment with the chief, commander? Meet me at the ship. And I'll see you in an hour. Don't be late. - Chief, I only said yes so that we... - You don't owe me an explanation. You do what you have to do. Is it just me, or does she seem peeved? All I'm saying is, so much for us being in chief Vick's good graces. - May have burned our bridge with her. - Don't be a myopic chihuahua. I have a foolproof plan that not only solves the case, - gives chief all the credit. - What is it? All I have is the phrase, "I have a foolproof plan." Beyond that, i'm wide open. We received an anonymous tip about a week ago</i> that we traced to a pay phone outside the dive shop on the pier.</i> Research time. Give me everything you got on offshore oil rigs. Generally, oil platforms are located on a continental shelf. - Shelf. Got it. - A typical platform has around - 30 well heads. - 30, check. Drilling continues 24 hours a day, there are two crews on board at all times. One for the day shift, one for the night. "Love brokers." Night shift. Come on, dude. You got the fonz playing against type. Where is this boat? Excuse us. Is this where the coast guard boat launches from? - Are you Shawn Spencer? - I am indeed. Commander Dunlap instructed me to give you this. "Gentlemen, your job is to stay put and do nothing." I don't believe this. She goes through all the trouble to hire us - and then leave us behind? - Don't you see what's happening here? We are merely pawns - in a bitter sibling feud. - I'm nobody's pawn. I'm a queen. At least I can make my conference on foot fungus. - We cannot quit. - Why not? Because we're not quitters. We're doing this for the chief, remember? - We've gotta get on that rig. - But how? Have a good trip, Mr. Bamford. The rig he was working on is the Bamford number 7,</i> That's where we're headed. I have an idea. But we'll need cool names. - So, Mr. Turner... - Please, call me T-Bone. T-Bone, have you two invested in offshore drilling before? Have we... Yes, lordy. So you're familiar with the technology? I'd say it's pretty straight forward. You got your basic rig with 30 warheads, sitting on the continental countertop, running 24 crews day and night every two hours. That made absolutely no sense. The truth is, we're not that sophisticated in the oil business. I didn't think so. My father and I don't appreciate our time being wasted. You'll have to pardon my daughter, gentlemen. Apparently, Yale university didn't teach her any manners... Or how to get a husband. Honey, run down there into the galley mix us up some cocktails while the men talk. Sure. Not to be rude, Billy Joe, but it's the 21st century, women have earned the right to be treated equally. Cut the crap, son. Blind men could see that you two aren't investors. Technically, a blind man can't see anything. I offered you a ride out here so I could take a look at you, figure out what you were up to. What are you? Government watchdogs? EPA? Is this about that little oil spill? You had a oil spill out here? The truth is that we have not been completely honest with you. We're working for the coast guard. My name is Shawn Spencer. This is my partner, Chesterfield McMillan, and wife. We are investigating the death of your safety inspector. And whether or not it was truly an accident. But we were running late, so we missed the boat ride out here. As much as I don't appreciate being lied to, if you're right about Hicks's death not being an accident, I want to know about it as much as you do. What can I do to help you? First thing we'll need to see is Mr. Hicks's personal effects. And I will be needing a little baby umbrella in my mal tal. - What's our missing person's name? - Dr. Christopher Renaud. - He's a professor at the university. - And last seen? His 3:00 lecture on thursday. We're gonna need a list of all the people in attendance that day. I've obtained a list from the TA, I've set up interviews with each and every one of his students. Good work, O'Hara. - One more thing. - Shoot. I am thinking of asking out commander Dunlap on a date. Your thoughts. I think it's a bad idea. Really? Why? For starters, you know, she's the chief's sister. Not to mention, they don't get along. {\You saw the way}They're screaming at each other. See it? I devoured it. It was incredible. She's a real snap pea, isn't she? She's got that great sturdy build. Yeah. Why don't we focus on interviewing our witnesses for the missing persons case? Absolutely. Forget I even mentioned that other thing. I will. There was an anonymous tip that something unsafe was going on out here. Any clue as to what the caller might have been referring to? I have no idea. This place is run strictly by the book. Butch Hicks made sure of that, and so do I. You can ask anybody. My professional reputation is based on safety. Watch your head going in here now. Somebody put a rail on this side of this ladder. That's a violation. Here's Hicks's office. Let's see. - What's in here? - That's the geologist's lab. My daughter's trying to get me all High-Tech. She thinks because I punched a few dry holes that I've lost my touch, and she talked me into hiring this... fancy rock doctor. Showing me where to dig. I don't need nobody to tell me where to dig. Once this well comes in like I know it's going to, I'm gonna be back on top again. You guys take your time. If you need me, I'll be topside. If you need us, we'll be bottoms-up. - What are we looking for? - Anything that will help us figure out who the anonymous tipster was. Or a Kit Kat. I'm starving. Since hicks was in charge of safety on the rig, it's safe to assume the tipster may have come to him first. I have this big stack of safety violation reports. Man, this guy Hicks was a real stickler. If by stickler, you mean a guy who doesn't have any snacks, I agree with that. What are you two doing here? Not eating candy, I can tell you that. My orders for you were to stay put and do nothing. Really, that wasn't reverse psychology? Out. Wait. I was drawn to this office. With very powerful psychic visions of a man in scuba gear with a salamander in his wetsuit. Well, thank you, Mr. Spencer, but I don't see how that's helpful. Or healthy. Wait, I'm seeing more. The anonymous tipster. I can tell you where he is. Really? And where's that? The morgue. Commander, look. My myriad psychic detective skills assure me that the anonymous tipster is safety inspector butch hicks. - Your psychic detective skills? - You left out myriad. - Right. - Wait, there's more. I see a security camera in front of the dive shop. All you have to do is review friday's tape and you'll see that I'm right. Fine. Let's say you are right. It doesn't change anything. All the evidence still points to his death being an accident, let's go. As long as I'm in charge of this case, you will follow my orders to the letter. My orders are that you get off this rig. We have a shuttle leaving in an hour. You will be on it. Is it just me, or is that woman a tinge bossy? She scares me. Let's hop to it. We have less than an hour to interview every worker on the night shift. No, let's discuss something that won't get us into trouble. Like where we're gonna eat when we get back to shore. All that kit kat talk made me hungry. This may be the only chance we have to weed out who might have wanted to kill hicks. If the commander finds us, she's gonna go ape... Do I smell meatloaf? And fresh apple cobbler, if I'm not mistaken. I guess it won't hurt to ask a few questions. Well, hello, miss ashley. Would you kindly direct my buddy and I to the chuck wagon, please? I'm sorry? We would like to know where the mess hall is. It's two decks down. Awesome. Would you like to have lunch with us? Perhaps, afterwards, you could give us a little tour? Regardless of how my father treats me, I'm not the cruise director here. So tell me about the safety inspector. That guy was always writing me up for the smallest infraction. I hate to say it, but I'm glad he's dead. There's no dairy in that, is there? You know, I had a dream that I knifed him in his sleep. But I woke up. Hicks should have never gone into no man's land. No man's land? It's the area that's strictly off-limits during crane operation. Hicks should have known better. I mean, he was a safety inspector. Anyway, it's a shame if someone loosened that tackle and killed him. You know, you're the first person to show any mpathy for hicks. What? No, I'm saying if it was me, I would have used a gun. This place is lousy with suspects. And excessively heavy food. I think I ate my weight in that cowboy chicken casserole. Man, this food was disgusting. All I had was a half a bran muffin. What's our next move? Well, I think we need to get into hicks's house. If there really was a conspiracy to kill him, we're gonna need hard evidence. When we get back to shore, we go see chief vick. First we go home, change into our jammies, take a nap, then we wake up, have some juice. Then straight to Vick. All right, well, call me if anyone matching that description shows up. Thanks. Hey, Jules. - Chief in her office? - Ladies room. Darn. Gus and I really need to speak to her. Think you can give us a numeral so we can gauge just how long she'll be? I don't know. Five, seven minutes maybe. - How about number one or number two? - I have no idea, shawn. And no, I am not gonna go to the ladies room and check on her for you. - Is this your missing person? - Dr. Christopher renaud. He's a professor at the university. Been missing for a week. - What are you two doing here? - Oh, we have our answer. - Tinkle. - Chief, we need your help. Oh, you need my help. Oh, I've got to give you credit, Mr. Spencer. You have more than your share of gumption. - This will only take a minute. - Come on. For old times' sake. One minute. No more. Chief, I read every single worker on that rig. And they all hated hicks. I'm getting two very distinct psychic vibes here. The first... There was a conspiracy behind hicks's death. Second, Craig T. Nelson will donate his remaing hair to the Smithsonian. Yeah, look, chief, we need help learning more about hicks, and a good start would be access to where he lived. I still don't understand why you're coming to me with this. I mean, why don't you go to the commander? She really doesn't want us involved with this case. Really? Imagine that. I'm sorry. I can't help you. As the commander pointed out, this case is out of my jurisdiction, and your minute is up. Gus, will you excuse us? I need to speak with the chief in private. No problem. Just so you know, it was Shawn's idea for us to go with your sister. Karen. Chief karen. Chief karen vick? That just feels a little long, doesn't it? I said I'm busy, Mr. Spencer. I'm sensing something here. Don't do that. Look, the only reason I took this case was to help you. Oh, really? Help me how? If I can tie that murder to a piece of evidence on land, the case is back in your jurisdiction. Well, that's actually kind of sweet. Don't tell anyone I used that word. Deal. Now I know it's none of my business, but what is going on with you and commander babs? It's complicated. Believe me. I know what it feels like growing up with an older sister who gets all the attention. I didn't know you had an older sister, Spencer. I don't. But I did watch a lot of reruns ofthe brady bunch. You know, barbara and I weren't always like this. I mean, we used to be... Well, close. I know exactly how you feel. And by I, I mean jan. So was it something specific that brought things to a head? No, nothing specific. It's just years of trying to outdo each other. So... Should I go divine that piece of evidence I was referring to? I don't know. Should you? Shawn! I'm sorry, buddy. There we go. Right in there. Looks like Hicks's obsession with safety did not extend to his colon. Vick will go ballistic if she found out we broke in here. We didn't break in. The window was open. Now come on. - What the heck are we looking for? - Anything hicks may have received with the threat of violence. Correspondence, - angry phone messages, mash notes. - Mash notes are love letters, Shawn. Really? Remind me. I owe someone a huge apology. Let's start with this computer. I guess I have to break the pass code. Panther21. - Panther21? - Just try it. That's it. You got all that just from putting together things from around the room? No, it was written on the computer. I saw the reflection on the cd case. All right, Almost all of his recent emails are from someone called bishop77. "Why haven't you called me back? "The situation on the rig is getting more serious every day. "Why are you ignoring me?" Dude, listen to this one. "If you don't do something about this, I'll go to the authorities." You know what this means? Bishop77 is the anonymous tipster, not Hicks. And if we could figure out who he is, we could find out what's really going on out on that rig. And who killed hicks, and why. Bishop77... - He's catholic, or he plays chess. - I got it. I got it. A guy at work showed me how to take an email address and get its owner's real name. I'll start by using an email header to trace back to the original ip address... What? Dear god, what are you doing? Shawn, what did I tell you about eating onions during lunch? It makes your breath stink. That's why I bought you those mints. Use them. I didn't eat onions during lunch. I ate everything but onions. I don't smell anything. That smells good. That smells really good. Dude, it's coming from inside here. Well, open it up. Why does it always have to be a dead guy? - Why does he smell like onions? - Will you help me? Who do you think it is? - Is this your missing person? - Dr. Christopher renaud. That's Lassiter and Juliet's missing person. - Mr. Spencer, what's this about? - Whoa, whoa, wait, he works for me. Mr. Spencer, what's this about? The reason I called the two of you is because there's something in this house that concerns you both. Oh, please don't tell me you went into Hicks' House without a warrant. Hey, warrant... No one talked to me about a warrant. I need a warrant? All of a sudden? I'm a diviner. It all happens here. And here. And, in extreme cases, here. Okay, what exactly is in there? A missing person. Professor... Renaud? That's our missing person. But we never found a connection between he and Hicks. We'll check it out. What would renaud be doing in hicks's house? - And how does this affect my case? - Oh, wait, i'm getting something. Talked me into hiring this fancy rock doctor. Showing me where to dig. Well, I don't need anybody to show me where to dig. Renaud worked as a consulting geologist for hicks's employer, bamford exploration. It's Renaud. Spencer's right. Not words I enjoy saying. Okay, then. Well, I'd say that ties up the missing person case quite nicely. This is usually the place where you say, "nice work, Spencer." I'm sorry, I didn't catch that. The victim worked for bamford drilling. What does that have to do with hicks's murder? If you don't mind, let me ask the questions because in case you haven't noticed, we're on land. Which brings this case back into my jurisdiction. - Listen to yourself, will you? - "my jurisdiction." You're only interested in this case because you're - itching to horn in on my turf. - Itching? Oh, my... Listen to yourself! Your turf? We're talking about a whole ocean, not the tv room. Whoa, whoa, sisters, please. Nobody's getting horned here. Two men are dead. This is not the time for petty sibling squabbles. That's what thanksgiving is for. We need to come together and work as a group to get to the truth. And the truth is, Rnaud is our anonymous tipster, not hicks. I can see a series of emails from renaud to hicks, the safety inspector, warning him that something unsafe was happening on that rig. But hicks, he refuses to address the issue, probably because he's covering something up. And then, fearing that the truth would get out, he ext... Pssh! Stop! Hammer time! Whoosh! Hicks kills Renaud. The question is, what was Hicks trying to hide? Thank you for that eloquent summation, Mr. Spencer. It's my pleasure, chief. I think our next move should be... For me to have Lassiter and O'Hara now look into it. Wait, wait. Okay, this is great. Barbara just witnessed the chief choose me over spencer. In her eyes, my stock just went up. Now if I could just get her to witness me discharge my weapon. Well, Mr. Spencer, this case does warrant further investigation on my end as well. Absolutely. Thank you, commander. I think the first thing we need to investigate is why hicks was in no man's land. The safety inspector, of all people, should have known better. I'll have my people look into that. By the way, you're fired. Fired? Nobody fires me, shawn. What do we do next? I can't stop asking myself, why was the geologist's office the only door that was locked? I'm telling you, something was in there. We gotta get back on that rig. But how? - I have an idea. - Is it good? Not really. Dad! W- wait! Wait, wait. Ah, thank god! Shawn, what are you doing here? You know what, gus and I thought maybe we'd go out with you today. That's a first... Every time I ask you to go out fishing, you come up with some lame excuse. What was it last time? It was... One word. The books. That's funny. What can I say? We're both in the mood for some serious angling. - We heard the big ones are biting. - That's not what I heard, the storm scared all the fish away. Wait a minute. What did you hear is biting? It's not pike, is it? As a matter of fact, it was pike. Man, the pike is biting. Yeah, well, pike is a freshwater fish. In case you morons haven't noticed, that's the ocean out there. All right, shawn, what's up? What do you want? We believe the evidence we need to solve a case is on an offshore oil rig. It's the bamford number seven. We were hoping that you could give us a lift out there. Can't do it. Sorry, guys. Even if I was so inclined, this boat isn't designed to go out that far. Dad, come on, this is important. It's not just about solving the case. We gotta get back in vick's good graces. Cannot do it. Shocking. But I think I got a friend over here... Captain dale might be able to help you out. Course, you'll have to do some chores. Chores? - Can I come in? - What do you want, barb? Here to argue some more about jurisdiction? Actually, no. Yeah, well, I have a lot of work to do, so... Well, the thing is, is I had my people look into what Spencer said. What was Hicks doing out in no man's land? Did somebody lure him out there? So I took a trip out to the rig, had a look at the crane, it turns out the crane had been tampered with. Hicks was murdered. And I was wrong. Spencer was right about Hicks murdering renaud. His prints were all over the murder weapon. Well, then, we need to find Spencer and see what else he's figured out. - Lead the way. - Can i? - Yeah. - Let's go. Damn that captain dale. I still smell like fish. I hate fish. That's not true. You love my cajun crawfish hushpuppies. That's mostly cornmeal, and you know that. Look what you did to my credit card. You ruined it. Dude, it had a 29.7% interest rate. I did you a favor. Stop complaining. Start looking. You good on litmus paper? What the heck is that? Looks like a map. BR number seven. I don't need nobody to tell me where to dig.</i> Why would renaud hand draw a map that already existed? Remember that map we saw in the corridor? Go grab it. That's what Renaud meant {\when he said}by they were doing something unsafe. They're not drilling where they say they're drilling. They're drilling directly on a fault line. This is a private lab. What are you two doing in here? Dude, I got this. Ashley, the truth is that I'm a psychic. A damn good one, I've been told. I am sensing that there is stuff going on that will be hard for you to hear. Very hard. Very, very hard. Damn, girl, you are so lean. - What, do you spin? - I thought you said you got this. Sorry. I'm... I'm seeing faults. Faulty something. Faulty intelligence. Faulty wiring. Fawlty towers. Fault. Your father is drilling into a fault line. - What? - Yeah, he made a fake map with the help of Dr. Dre. No, Dr. Pepper. No, Dr. No. No, Dr... Dr. Renaud! - Our geologist. - That's right. There's more. Unfortunately, I think your father may be responsible for the deaths of Dr. Renaud and Hicks. I think he's trying to cover his tracks. I'm... I'm sorry. I can't believe that Dad would do that. I know. He's always been a risk-taker, willing to gamble everything... If he thought there was oil to be found. But I can't believe that he would do this. - I feel sick. - It's okay. - We're gonna get through this together. - Probably over dinner. I was thinking tapas, but I could be talked into greek. - We need to stop drilling immediately. - Right. And as far as dinner goes, let's just put a pin in it. Communications room is down the hall. We'll radio up to the floor and tell them to suspend operations. The light is on the opposite wall. - I'll turn on the radio. - I know It isn't easy, hearing{\ that} your father isn't who you thought{\ he was}, but you're doing{\ the} right{\ thing}. This is the radio room? Sweetie pop. Come on now. You shouldn't have come back out here, Shawn. Now I'm gonna have to figure out a way to get rid of you. I might have made a mistake. She fills those jeans out quite nicely, though. Shawn, that sign says "toxic fumes." I am breathing in toxic fumes. Come on, dude. You think they gonna expose employees to stuff that's really harmful? Did you not seesilkwood, shawn? They're gonna make me take a shower where they scrub my skin off. Miss Bamford, can we talk to you? - Can it wait? I'm really busy. - Sorry, honey, it can't wait. {\See, we know that }Hicks's death wasn't an accident. That he was murdered. It looks like we have solid alibis from everybody on the rig that night. The pilot said there was a passenger who wasn't on the manifest. That passenger was you, Miss Bamford. We're hoping you can clear this up{\ for us}. Why were you out there that night? And why didn't you want your name on the manifest? Well, that's simple. I was... you see... Sometimes I like to make surprise visits. - She's got a weapon! - Halt! We gotta get outta here. {\I think the rule is }When you hear gunfire, you don't go towards it. We're in here! We're in here! Jules, Lassie. Thank god. It's Ashley Bamford. She's armed. We know. We're in pursuit. You two stay put. - Do you understand? - Got it. What part of {\"stay put"}it is confusing to you? The put part. "Stay put"? I wasn't put in the first place, Gus. The expression is a complete disaster. Look. - What's her 20? - On the left. 30 feet. It's more like 35 feet. Why do you always have to feel like you have to correct me? Was I correcting? I don't mean it. - Yeah. - I'm sorry. - What the hell are you doing? - I have a plan. It's called "Gus is a table." - I'm a what? - It was our signature prank{\ in the seventh grade}. I know you remember this. "Gus is a table." Let me get thi... Let me get this straight. You want me to sneak up behind her{\ on all fours}, so you can push her, and she'll fall{\ over me}? Exactly. I'll distract her while you get in position. - Don't make me shoot you. - It's okay. I just wanna talk. I'm putting my cards on the table. Right smack dab on the table! - Doesn't matter. It's too late. - No, no, no, no! No, no, no, it's not too late. - Gus is a table. - Gus is a statue. - You're a sellout! - What's going on? - What are you talking about? - Nothing, nothing. Nothing's going on. - Don't come any closer, Shawn. - What is he doing? I have no idea. - Shawn, get out of there! - Juliet, stay back. All of you, stay back. And stop shooting. Look, Ashley... I know what it feels like to have a dad that does not appreciate or respect you. Let me tell you what I see. I see a gorgeous young woman with a smart jacket. And an impressive education, and even more impressive arm muscle tone, who desperately wanted to save her father's crumbling business. I know that's why you had Renaud make the fake map, so that nobody would know you were drilling into{\ a dangerous} fault line. And when Butch Hicks found out about it, you did what any good child would do in your place. You had no choice. You had to kill him. I couldn't have let hicks or anyone else get in the way. - You understand that, don't you, Shawn? - Of course I do. Are you kidding me? I completely understand. What are you doing? Give me that. Give me that gun. It's okay. Come here. Did Barbara see that? Well, I gotta say, Mr. Spencer, nice work. Thanks, chief. No help to my table. No help to my table. This really isn't necessary. I already told you guys you're forgiven. I should be giving you gifts for bringing me and my sister back together. Chief, stop it. The only gift we'll ever need from you is your sweet, toothy smile. And any possible cases you might want to send our way. But mostly the toothy smile. Well, ahoy, Commander. Welcome aboard. - Thar she blows. - All hands on deck. Enough, the painfully cute mugging is starting to get on my nerves. What are you, entertainment weekly? - So we still on for lunch, Kare? - Absolutely. This is kind of awkward, but I'm thinking of asking out detective Lassiter. What do you think? - You don'want to go there. - Really? Why? It's just he's a little... wound up. And trust me, you'd be far better off pursuing somebody else. - I'm doing you a favor. - I get it. You want him for yourself. What? No, I'm married, Barb. And even if I weren't, I mean, Carlton? - You are so transparent. - Transparent? You can't stand to see me with someone you're attracted to. - All of a sudden too, by the way. - Often... transparent... You know, fine. You know what? - Ask out Lassiter. - I will. Go ahead. You, me, lunch. So I take it the sibling rivalry is back on?