prepare me for the future. Get your head out of the clouds. Those things are another passing fad like rap music, Madonna, and <i>L.A. Law</i>. Here. Why don't you focus on something that might make you some money one day. All right? I didn't see anything. I swear. Please... don't shoot me. Don't worry. We're not gonna shoot you. {\Transfer 100 % complete email sent} How do you not have a black suit? What grown man doesn't own a black suit? Besides me, the joker, colonel Sanders, Matthew McConaughey? He doesn't count. He doesn't own a shirt. - He doesn't need a shirt. - You know that's right. Sit down. - So that's them, huh? - Yes, unfortunately. Come on, man, it's been ten years. Can't you guys just hug it out? And for the last time, I'm here to say one final good-bye to Leonard. He was a good friend. And then that's it... we're out. Thanks for coming. Dearly beloved, we gather here today not to... mourn a death, but to celebrate... a life. Can I give an amen if the preacher guy asks for it? Of course. But wait for it. Leonard Callahan, or "Diddle", as he was known to those closest to him... - Diddle? - We all had nicknames, Shawn. ... was tragically taken from us by a hit-and-run driver. But we know... Diddle is in a better place now. Diddle is in a better place now. - Can I get an amen? - Amen! And he continues to live - in our hearts. - Hallelujah! - Sit down! - Got caught up in the moment. - I was in the moment. - And now, in light of his... home-going service, Leonard's former bandmates from college would like to dedicate a special song to his memory. He was in a band. That's cool. - What are you doing? - To pay my respects. Be quiet. Get back here! I can't believe you've been holding out on me for all these years. It's one of my lifelong dreams to be part of a 4-piece singing group. Five-piece was my backup. Now I find out not only were you in one, you let it all slip away... - I must know why, I must! - Enough, Shawn. That was like a new edition reunion concert minus Bobby and Ronnie. What could have come between men capable of creating such sweet harmony? Gimme a hint. You can give me a baby hint. All right, fine. I wish I could have known you when you were black. You're the psychic. Yes. Uh, Shawn Spencer. I'm Tony. This is Joon. We read about yours and Gus's detective agency in our alumni newsletter. Look, I gotta tell you guys, you sounded amazing up there. - I do a little singing myself. - Yeah, thanks. Diddle was the heart and soul of our group. The day he was taken from us was the day the music died. I just keep thinking he can't be dead... He can't be! And then I look at that casket and I'm like... That's gotta be Diddle in there. Because why would they put his picture on another dude's coffin? And that's when I lose it! So... tragic. Look, man... We don't think that Diddle died in any bicycle accident. I mean, he was the only brother I knew who rode a bicycle as a grown man. We think he was murdered. - Have you notified the police? - What if they did it? Normally... We wouldn't even associate ourselves with somebody who would partner up with a buster like Gus. - Buster! - But I checked out that newsletter, and it seem like you are pretty good at solving stuff without a lot of evidence. - The less evidence, the better. - Good. 'Cause Diddle doesn't deserve to go out like that. Not him. I mean, the man was barely 5'10" and could dunk with two hands! - There I go again. - It's okay, it's all right. Can we hire you? You know, man, I think that might be a little complicated. Then again... What are best friends of mysteriously estranged old college pals for? Psych 407 "High Top Fade Out" Timing: Psych Team G-whiz. - Joon. - Sweet! Now that that's out of the way, let's go ahead and bring Gus up to speed. Fine. It all started when we got this weird email from Diddle on the day that he died. - "It's so hard to say good-bye." - There's a huge file attached to it. It's not like any file I've ever seen. And it's heavily encrypted. It can't be opened. We can't figure out what the message means, but it has something to do with him dying. You're listed as a recipient here. Do you remember getting this email? I got it, and I immediately proceeded to place it into the trash bin. That's cold, B. Yo, that's like Beyonce and the first destiny's child cold. Me and Diddles' relationship was rock solid. We never lost contact. But he would send us these emails about getting the group back together, which involve reconciling with these jokers, - and that was not gonna happen. - Not happenin'. Not even if Jesus was our manager. You're not serious about that. - No, I ain't serious. I was... playin'. - All right. Then it's settled. There'll be no reunion unless Jesus agrees to manage the group. That's fine by me. If Jesus was our manager he would bring us all together We aren't gonna sing our problems away. Look, you guys, whatever happened between you, it happened a long time ago. You've clearly suffered a great loss. Look at the bright side. You've the opportunity to make Diddles' wish come true. Yeah, but look at the dark side. Being together makes a bad situation worse. Look on the dark side? Who talks like that? The most negative dude I know. Okay, guys, let's just... Let's get the email up and we'll see what's what. Call me negative. He's been doing that all these years. - I read the purpose driven life! - Man, transformation equals change. - It's encrypted, all right. - Well, de-cryptify it. You can't just un-encrypt something. You need a data key, a pass code, a complex algorithm. Whatever this file is, he went out of his way to protect it. - Diddle worked for Cybervault. - I know. - Diddle worked for Cybervault. - This dude... Companies hire them to protect and encrypt data sent over networks. So they can or cannot lift the parental lock on my laptop? That was me. It was for your own good. They protect credit card transactions, trade secrets, classified government documents. Those guys are running some big brother-type stuff over there. We think Diddle maybe stumbled across some secret information somebody was trying to get their hands on. Now you feel where we're comin' from. How'bout you, Gus? Oh, man. He's not even hearing it, much less feelin' it. It's clear to the 3 of us that you're neither hearing it nor feeling it. What I can't discern is are you mad at it? All right. We need to retrace Diddles' final steps. Diddles' time of death was pegged right after he sent the email. - So he had just left the apartment. - Brilliant! We'll start there. We're helping the family collect his things so we can gain full access. No, he didn't keep these. What? Let me see, let me see. - Mine still fits! - Mine does too. Like yesterday. Let's do the steps. All right. Mine smells like mothballs. - Yeah, mine smells like mold. - Like my grandmama feet. - You think I could have Diddles'? - No. Let's get back to work. Let me ask you something. Was he always this safety-conscious? Once in college, he left his seatbelt on during a drive-in movie. He's not the guy that would go cycling without his protective cycling gear. Good point. Check that out. Who uses a power strip for one plug? I'm sensing that some of Diddles' computer equipment has been stolen and that there is more going on here than meets the eye. Hi, Jules. Hi, old penguin from <i>Happy feet</i>. - What do you got? - I'm so sorry to hear that Leonard is a friend of yours, Gus, but we looked at it again, and we agree with the initial assessment. Even though it was a grisly accident, it is a straightforward hit and run. That's it? Can we look into it? I'm afraid not. City's cutting down on wasteful spending. That includes all non-essential expenditures. And we already have a team on that, so no need for a psychic consultation. Anything else? Did Lassiter throw his voice into your mouth? Because that's really unsanitary. That's nice work. Shoo, flies. If I could just get a psychic reading on the autopsy report... Gosh, I'm sorry, see that would require one meeting with the new coroner which requires an official police detail which one does not have because... one is not welcome here. Shoo. And we're shooing. We're shooing. We're shooing. Auf wiedersehen. Sweet. You heard Lassiter. We need a police detail. Don't be the American adaptation of the British Gus. - I'm not impersonating a coroner. - Fine. You're on your own then. It's the one without any teeth. Tell me what to do! My knees and calves are locking up! - You must be out of your damn mind! - Do it for Diddle. - I get claustrophobic. - You're a cadaver. Cover you because cadavers don't wear shirts from Abercrombie and fletch. It's Abercrombie and Fitch. And, no, you haven't heard it both ways! - Hey there. - Hi. - You must be the new coroner. - I just transferred over. But don't worry, I've been playing with dead things since I was a toddler. I'm Shawn Spencer. This dead body here is detective Miles. - Another one of the good guys, huh? - No, sir. His first name is detective. Of course. Well, leave him right there while I prepare a toe tag. You got it. You know, an emt buddy of mine said he brought in a hit and run victim the other day. Nasty stuff, huh? I worked that specimen. It was pretty bad but consistent with an automobile/cycling collision... Multiple cranial fractures, crushed larynx, fractured hyoid bone, contusions this, blunt force trauma that. Stupid government pens. I'll be right back. A crushed larynx and broken hyoid could also be consistent with asphyxiation. - Did you say a token hemorrhoid? - I said broken hyoid... Yeah, you know what? That's pretty much what he said. Then he went on to say something pretty crazy. That the crushed larynx and hyoid could have meant that he was asphyxiated. Asphyxiation? - That wouldn't make any sense. - That's what I said. Unless this crash... was postmortem. That was my Caruso. Not bad, right? Oh, man! I'm gonna need another release form. I filled this out in farsi by mistake. I've been using the rosetta stone to learn new languages in my down time. That computer software really works, huh? Wait a second. There's software called the rosetta stone too? - You got me! Touche! - Revenge! I've got some more release forms in the back, you boob! Dude, did you hear that? He said someone could have used the accident to cover up the way that Diddle died. They were right. This was murder! Is the guy still here? He's in the back. I really didn't mind him though. Yeah. He's a real character. Can we get outta here? Poor Diddle. They probably threatened to torture him first then tortured him second. Then they threatened to kill him third. Then they killed him fourth. Stop making up conspiracy theories. You don't know if they tortured him. I do know, because that's what they do. - Who is "they"? - "Them". He should've just played dead. I always say that's what I would do if somebody was trying to kill me... Just play dead. I mean, they'd be like... "we're gonna kill you!" And then I'd be like... dead. Then they'd be like, "He's dead. Let's go kill somebody else." - And then they would leave. - Guys, I'm afraid I have more bad news. Whoever they are, they might know that Diddle emailed the 3 of you the file. You guys could be in some serious danger. - I didn't get any email. - What? - We all got the email. - Y'all got it... I didn't. You can't pretend you're not a part of this. - I don't even have a computer. - You do too! - I didn't get the email either then. - You would even sell out each other. Don't talk to me, crazy. I didn't get it. Let's get outta here. My mama bought me that car! I'm not with you! - Okay, here's the deal. - Now do you believe there's a case? We need to see if the bomb squad has any evidence we can trace - like residue, fragments, detonators... - Slow down. Nobody said anything about you being put on this case. It's not that simple anymore. We're under direct orders from Vick. Now, clearly, something's going on, but the top brass has instituted a whole new layer of protocol. The first thing we need to do is run full background checks on your pals, make sure all doesn't start with them. - You are kidding, right? - No, I'm not, Guster. Your attitude confirms that this case presents a conflict of interest for you, which is precisely why you won't be getting involved. - What do we do in the meantime? - Just sit tight. And take the bus. What? Too soon? All right, Jules, I'm now entering our cone of confidentiality. Get to the point. I'm really busy. Let's be honest with each other. This is you paying me back for the awkwardness and tension that I've allowed Abigail to cause between us. Contrary to what you may think, Shawn, it isn't always about you. When I open an investigation, I have to answer to people in authority above me. I understand. Especially if, by contrary to what I believe, it isn't always about me, and when you open an investigation you have to answer to people in authority above you, you mean it's because of Abigail. I'm supposed to giggle, because your charm is just too irresistible? Almost. I was gonna bring it home doing both sides of the conversation using my high-pitched eighth grade Jules voice. I'm sure that your girlfriend appreciates you using her as a tactic to scam information. Gold star, Shawn. Really. Well? Crashed and burned. Then somehow crashed again in Chile, only to be eaten by my soccer teammates. We're on our own. That much is clear. We'll stash Tony and Joon at my dad's place. That way we can focus on the case. We need to figure out what was on that encrypted file. It was way too complicated for any normal person to crack. Then we'll find someplace with people just as smart as Diddle like a chemistry lab or... - Cybervault? - What? Bringing your good stuff today, man. I'll figure out the processing power we'll need to run our localized servers and report it to I.T. - Better yet, you do it. - Copy. And what about the open source coding seminar? I know it's important. I don't have the time. Here's an idea. I'll do it. Let me take the lead on this one. You're way out of your element here. Make it quick. Thank you for taking the time to speak with us, sir. My name is Gus... Brown, and this is my associate Shawn White. We're friends of Leonard Callahan, and we're wondering if someone could help us with one of his encrypted files. I doubt it. Leonard was the best we had. No one could break his encryptions. He even had patents on them. I can't even figure out... what he was working on before he died. I don't suppose either of you can create an 802.1q spanning tree loop using auto forwarding non-wintel based equipment? I can make a straw wrapper crawl like a worm. And... make the inside of my elbow look like a butt. - Thank you for your time. - See? Dude, it's Diddle's cubicle. Maybe there's a clue there about what was on that encrypted file. That's just what I was thinking. This guy's almost as organized as you are. Those  brothers, they couldn't color-tab their way out of the staples. You're on them cause they're not anal-retentive enough? - What happened between you? - Move on. Dude, I've always wanted to do this. Look what I just did. I'm like Mr. Wizard. I wonder what was so important about those addresses. - That's interesting. - What? Your boy liked big butts, and I cannot lie. What? Looks like Diddle had a little stalker in him. Diddle was a saint, Shawn. Don't talk about him like that. I'm not mad at him. Excuse us. We were never formally introduced. I'm world-renowned psychic/lothario Shawn Spencer. - This is my associate... - Gus. But you can call me John Slade. I'm Chelsea. I'm getting a psychic transmission right here as we speak, Chelsea. A fleeting glance a stolen moment between coworkers. Leonard had a little thing for you. - How'd you know that? - Psych... psychic... I'm... I could always tell, the way he'd... hold the door for me or offer to help carry my files. He finally got up the nerve to ask me out right before he... He was very sweet. You don't meet many guys like that these days. There, there. I know how you feel. Do you recall anything unusual about his final days? We just started talking. I never... got to know him all that well. He sure loved his music, though. Always humming or riffing on songs over there in his cubicle. Talking about some group he used to sing with back in college. Blackapella. I was a part of that group, but... Anyway. If you can think of anything else or if you just need someone to talk to, please... Feel free to give us a call. This is my work card, but my personal cell number's on the back. - Thank you. - Thank you, Chelsea. All right. Dude, you realize that's the third variation of "my work card with my some other number on the back in pencil" move that you've used this month alone? It's called showing off my penmanship, Shawn. Ancient culture saw it as a sign of virility. - Shut up. - It hurts. Dad. We left them here to keep them safe. - Who did this? - They did. Damn fools shot themselves. Who the hell left them with a BB gun? I did. They said they wanted to be able to defend themselves. Dumb move. Calm down. The BB bounced off you. It's like you're made of rubber. I thought you two were wusses. You're commandoes compared to them. Please tell me you're onto something, 'cause our lives may depend on it. - You can say that again. - Don't you worry. My meta-ethereal game is as tight as Gus's workout shorts. Checking some addresses here that are psychically linked to Diddle. Hello. Hello. Yes. This is John Slade. Hey, Chelsea. How you doing? No. I'm glad you called. Drinks later? Okay, sure. All right. Who the hell is John Slade? Hell, no, B. I know you not using Diddle's death to get some play with that shorty. All I did was give her my number in case she need to talk. Let me guess. Did you write it out for her so she could see your good penmanship? - I taught you that move, B. - Say it ain't so, B. - Who the hell is B? - Everyone but you. Gus will always sell out his boys for some woman. - Amen to that. - What? Last week, you left me at a Coco's to help a chick to move a table. Sister had green eyes. That's a special circumstance. Doesn't surprise me. Gus has never honored the code. - So you wanna go there? - We can go there. - You sure? - We can. - You wanna bring up the past. - Absolutely. It hasn't really been long enough, okay? It still kinda cuts deep like a machete in the bush. I'm the one that should be hurt. You two slept with my girlfriend. - She wasn't your girlfriend. - She was a groupie! An a cappella groupie? That exists? It was college, B. We had the matching jackets... And free biscuits and gravy after every show. It doesn't matter what you two saw her as. I was way into her and she was into me, and you knew that. You don't fall in love with a groupie. That's part of the code! Even Patrick Fugit knows that. You don't sleep with your mate's girl. That's the code! I thought the code was about not having a fling with your best friend's sister. Wait a minute. You hooked up with Joy? - My hero! - Gimme some. - Stop it, Shawn. - No, you stop it, G-Whiz. You broke up Blackapella, man. We were going places! The whole world was our oyster, man. Everybody loved us. Did you see that video at the funeral? We looked like idiots. Those were hammer pants. Five years behind the curve. It wasn't about that. We played shows at the student center and the Cinnamon Festival, that's it. It was about college and friendship and having the best times of our lives. And you betrayed me. The both of you. Got your minds mixed up in nonsense, and it broke my heart! We're all over this case, okay? We're gonna check out these addresses, and we will report back what we find. In the meantime, you two stay put. Diddle was here the night that he died. That's messed up. What the... I specifically told you guys to stay at my dad's. But then you gave us the nod. So clearly you were saying, don't trust something this important to Gus, B. No. I'm not nearly adept enough at using "B" to work it into a nod. I was saying, "good-bye for now." I told you not to mess with the nod. Never. You've never once said that to me. Bottom line... If you want this case to get solved, you have to trust us, and you have to stay away. You're targets, remember? - All right. - Bet. We're gonna check this out. You go back to my dad's and stay put. We'll check in with you later. We'll wait five minutes and then follow them inside with the BB guns. You know that's right. It looks like this party's over. It actually looks suspiciously like Steve Martin's office in <i>The Spanish Prisoner</i>. Help! Help! They got Tony and Joon! - Tell me you have a plan. - Sit down. We'll be doing the talking. Two of my friends are missing, and I'm next on the list. - I'm entitled to... - You're entitled to nothing. And as far as your friends go, you've got yourself to blame for them. You must be out of your damn mind. Enough, both of you. Gus, I know this must be difficult, but Lassiter is right... Your friends had no business being near that warehouse. They followed us. What were we supposed to do? We tried to stash them at my dad's. They bolted while he was on the throne. We told you there was something rotten in Sweden, but you wouldn't listen. I am ordering you two to lay low and stay out of our way. We will call you when we find your friends. And Shawn, if you are feeling anything, you better tell us right now. Really? Would that be useful? I'm gonna put my energy into making sure that my best friend isn't the next domino to fall, since that's the least of your concerns. - We just... - Just nothing. Time is wasting. Let's go, O'Hara. Come on. I know what'll make you feel better. - Feel better? - A little. I never wanted to punch Lassiter before today. - Really? - The worst part is that he's right. Tony and Joon are not detectives. They had no business being there. They're grown men with free will. There's so many things left unsaid. All those years of radio silence... I wish I had a chance to tell them how I truly felt. You have had countless opportunities in the last 48 hours alone. You know what? You should have sang that song you came up with for our high school. Same one you sang for the principal in the bathroom. That's fromlean on me, and you know it. Don't act like you really care. The reason why you took this case is because you wanted to sing in our group. All right, look... I'll admit the thought may have crossed my mind very briefly. The truth is, I took this case because I got freaked that you could have a falling out with dudes that used to be so close. If it could happen to you, then it could happen to us. Don't you realize that none of the myriad of stupid, selfish, and ultimately life-threatening stunts you pulled over the years could do it? It's probably not gonna happen. So what do you wanna do? We should probably hide you somewhere. What would we do if we were still on the case and looking for them? Whatever Diddle was tracking, the second warehouse on his list is probably next, so... we throw caution to the wind, dress up like american ninjas, and check it out. - I don't wanna get shot, Shawn. - Just stay low. You'll be the lookout. Good 'cause I can look out from outside. Get back here! That's weird. What? What is it? There's one hair on my knuckle that's like... twice as long as all the other ones. What do you see, Shawn? Dude. It's some sort of secret deal. With briefcases. It looks super-shady. How did Diddle get himself mixed up in all of that? He was the smartest, most responsible brother in our group. It's drugs. This is all about drugs? The weird guy from the funeral is here! - What is Reverend Watkins doing here? - It's not Reverend Watkins! - Who is it? - The weird guy with the scar. He left early, I told you. That's a lotta dough. This is straight out of <i>To Live and Die in L.A.</i> They put their pinky in the blow and taste it to see if it's good? He just did. It's good. It's really good. Dude, he double-dipped. - That's unsanitary! - Not if it's for his personal stash. - We don't know. - Do you see Tony and Joon? Don't come up! There's not room for you up here! They're not here. But I bet one of these b-holes can lead us right to them. I say we go back to the car, wait, and then follow the guy with the scar. - That rhymed. - <i>Hello</i>. What are you doing? He heard that! - It's my phone! - Turn it off. - I'm trying to. - Who could be calling you at this... You are! I tell you about putting your phone in your back pocket. That's ridiculous! It is me. It is me. Who are you? You move, and I paint this wall with your brain matter. Now, who the hell sent you? You wouldn't believe us. Try me. Mikhail... - Dudikoff. - Russian mob? American ninjas. Hello. Get in the car! I don't wanna get tortured, Shawn. Shut up! You two have managed to stumble into the biggest undercover operation - in this department's history! - Where are Tony and Joon? Tony and Joon are safe and sound in the room right next door. Joon is on his third doughnut. This is detective Moses Johnson from narcotics. He's our inside man. We simply couldn't risk exposing him. You two... Sure have a propensity for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. It's a refined skill. Keeping track of you two is getting sticky. That's why we scooped up your two friends. Last night, you literally landed in the lion's den. I'll be in the conference room. How... in the hell could you not tell us about this? - We are members of this team! - We solve a murder a week. - Why did you leave us here all night? - It was for your own protection. What is all of this about, and what did Diddle get himself into? The SBPD uses undisclosed warehouses to store the caches of drugs and weapons they seize from busts. The street value on this contraband is astronomical. Somebody cracked our network system, discovered these locations, and stole the confiscated drugs. Detective Johnson was undercover as a drug lord trying to make a score. Diddle worked for Cybervault. They protect credit card transactions, trade secrets,</i> classified government documents. I can see it. Sbpd contracts Cybervault to do their network security. It's probably their biggest account. We didn't make the connection until you came saying that your friend's death wasn't an accident. Diddle discovered a workaround in his company's code... One that would allow someone to access any of their clients' protected network communications. He tried to take it to his supervisor, got blown off, and then he went and followed the evidence for himself. Your buddy was one smart cookie. He got close enough to the rat to catch him making the deal with the bad guy on video. Which is what we think he attached to the email. He also managed to get himself killed. Tony and Joon gave us the file. We've had one of our best techies working on it with no luck as of yet. They've tried every decryption algorithm. I'm really sorry. Your friend Leonard really seemed like a stand-up guy. I can't believe this. - Man, it's good to see you too. - Man, we thought we was dead for sure. Tony started praying out loud in the back of the car, so then the scary <i>Sugar Hill</i> dude was like, "shut the hell up back there!" - Tell 'em what I said . - Then... I said, "man, don't you know when it's time to keep your mouth shut?" You understand me? I was thinking words in my head, but I wasn't saying them. See? In my mind, I was like... None of this would have happened if we'd have got the group back together like Diddle always wanted us to. Right? He sure loved his music, though. So then when the bad dude with the gun was like, "shut up!" I was just like... Because my mama taught me from a very early age... very early age... I would say four, five, or six... She was like, "all you need in this world... Basic morals, values, and respect." Joon, shut up! It's so hard to say good-bye. Diddle gave us everything we need. I gotta see the encryption on this file. You guys... Warm up your voices. Follow me! - Not now, Spencer. - No, I think I got it. Right. I've run every algorithm imaginable. There are four separate locks, and I can't see a pattern anywhere. It's not what you can't see. It's what you can't hear. - May I? - Be my guest. Fellas. It's so hard to say good-bye. Just like the old days, minus the hair and satin. It's working! - The last strip? - There were four of us. The harmony. I got it! I'll do it. That can't be. Wait a second. - That's the rat? - Who is that? Let's go! Babies. Chelsea Patterson. You're under arrest. What is this... - John Slade? - It's the end of the road. Leonard discovered the leak in your security code and reported it to your supervisor who, as always, passed it off to you. Copy. Unlike my friend, you didn't do the noble thing and decided to try and get yours. You used the leak to acquire the locations of the SBPD warehouses and then sold that information to a drug kingpin. Diddle caught it all on camera. He wasn't creepily checking out your posterior. - That's not creepy at all. - He was investigating you. You felt horrible that your dealings led to his death, but by then the damage was already done. Because of you, those same drug dealers went after Gus, Tony, and Joon. I'm officially canceling drinks. - Probably. - Nobody was supposed to get hurt. Least of all Leonard. I'm sorry. You'll have plenty of time to think about that. In fact, we might be able to cut into some of that if you were to name some names and lead us to your associates. Do it for Diddle. Nice work, guys. - No thanks to you. - Especially you. I can't believe you didn't let us in. I thought we were on the same team. You are not a cop, Spencer. You never will be. Thank god for that, B. I heard singing. What's going on? Tony's cousin's getting married next week, and one of the singers fell out, so we're stepping in. We need a fourth. - Only question is, are you down? - Are you kidding me? With Shawn part of the group, we can't use our old name. Blackapella? - True, that. - I've... Actually given this some thought. I think I got it. What? Quarterblack. - That doesn't make any sense. - It makes perfect sense. It's math. One of me and three of you. Quarterblack would be one black and three white. No, wait. I like the ring of that. Quarterblack. It's like we're all... Randall Cunninghams. Three to one. I think that's settled. Quarterblack it is. That's not how it works. We don't vote.