D9. Miss. B6. Hit. Shawn! What? (SHAWN AND GUS GRUNTING) Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey. Knock it off. Knock it off! What the heck is going on here? Mr. Spencer, your son's been cheating. Have not! Are, too! You hit my ships every time. Both of you, on your feet, now. Best friends do not accuse each other of cheating. Best friends do not resort to fighting every time they have an argument. You both know that I have a partner on the force, right? BOTH: Yes, sir. Well, we couldn't do our job if we didn't trust each other completely. There are rules to a partnership, and they are the same rules for a friendship. Even Battleship. But those rules don't work without what? BOTH: Trust, sir. That's right. Shawn! Over here now. Why aren't there any of your ships on the board? I knew it! Cheating? You're grounded. But, Dad! And for the next two months, you are gonna play with one less piece. But that's not fair. Exactly, Shawn. Now you know what it feels like. Shawn, I can't just give you a case because Gus is out of town this weekend and you're Ionely. Fine, maybe together we can figure out how I can be less Ionely. Wait, I'm getting something. Baby oil. This is a photo from about a year ago. KAREN: Oh, thank you. And this is from last week. Thank you. We'll call you if we turn anything up on her, Mr. Sirtis. I appreciate your help, Chief. Our pleasure. I'm telling you, I can make the time, Chief. Your plate is full, Detective. I already pulled the old file. If any of your other cases suffer, then I will yank you right off of this... Spencer, what the hell are you doing? Trying something. I feel conventional vision is weakening my skills. Is that my scarf? I... I'm getting serviced. Return service. No, a net. Fishnet? No! I love somebody. Now I'm getting Grecian Formula. That's weird. (EXCLAIMS) It's not about what's there, it's about what's missing. Tennis equipment. (GRUNTS) No, a tennis player is missing. Björn Borg is missing! No. Who's missing? Congratulations, Mr. Spencer. You've just joined the case. What? We can all pitch in. Deanna Sirtis was supposed to meet her father Leonard at the airport last night. They were flying to Tokyo for a tournament but she never showed up. The last time anyone saw her was at tennis practice that morning. Has anyone checked out her stalker? Felix Alvarez? We're looking into him, since we know he broke into her house a few months ago. But what we need from you now is to psychically locate Deanna while we follow leads using conventional methods. You mean, Lassy and I can work together? Yeah, but separate. Should we synchronize our watches? You're not wearing a watch. That's a good point. Chief, I'd like to put in a requisition order for a new watch. Lassy, can you sign for that? All right, that's enough. Just... Now, let's go do your jobs. All of you. (EXCLAIMS IN PAIN) Hey! Thank you. I know, you know That I'm not telling the truth I know, you know They just don't have any proof Embrace the deception Learn how to bend Your worst inhibitions tend to psych you out in the end ALL: (CHANTING) Gus! Gus! Gus! Gus! (ALL CHEERING) (CELL PHONE RINGING) Hello? SHAWN: Dude, how long until you come back? We just got here. Yeah, but you can come home during the weekend, right? This is a weekend, Shawn. It's a retreat, with trust exercise to build up a sense of teamwork around the camp. Camp? You didn't say you were camping. Are you making S'mores? Can I have some? Have you done "Who's Got My Golden Arm" yet? Let me come do it? Shawn, what do you need? Have you ever heard of Deanna Sirtis? She's a tennis player. Local. Ranked in the low 100s. She's a missing tennis player. Ranked 1 <i>4</i>7th. And she's our new case. I can't, Shawn. Reingold just retired. Ah, yes. Reingold. What the hell does that mean? It means they're reassigning his clients, Shawn. He has this one doctor with a huge practice. Dr. Magnotti. He prescribes in bulk, Shawn. I'm talking Costco bulk. I could make my monthly quota in like a day. But to get him, I gotta schmooze my supervisor. So you're on our own this time. Gus! Guess what, Gus? Hold on. We just elected you to be the first one to hold the "sharing stick"... What? ...in the "sensitivity circle" tonight. All right, this is great. Okay. All right. Oh, gosh! That's funny. It sounded like someone just said "sharing stick". Dude, get out of there! I have no choice. I hate the stupid "sharing stick". But I couldn't get out of this even if I wanted to. I've taken care of that already. Burton! Why haven't you painted yourself green? Excuse me? We're all painting ourselves green. It's an envy-retention thing. Oh, it doesn't matter now. I just heard about your grandmother. My grandmother? Slipped in the tub? Broken hip. Oh! Go square her away and get back as soon as you can. Well, at least we won't forget what she looks like. My daughter definitely liked having her photo taken. I think it's what she liked most about winning. Photography was her hobby, too. But we don't have a lot of time for hobbies. You keep a security camera in her room? That guy, Felix Alvarez, the one the cops are looking for now. After he broke in, we beefed up security. I remember reading about that break-in here. It must have been traumatic for her. Yeah. It felt like she never got back to her former self as a player. Mr. Sirtis, the spirits can be bashful. Yeah. Sometimes grumpy, sleepy, dopey, sneezy... Shawn. Shawn! What I'm saying is, they won't talk to me unless no one is in the room except myself and my compatriot. That's me. That includes security cameras. I'll get it turned off. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Cameras in her room? Can you say control freak? Can you say typical sports dad? (EXCLAIMS IN AMAZEMENT) What? These diamonds pretty much nail the four C's. I bet they're from daddy. Yeah? Except for this one. Look. This is way too cheap. See how the gold chips off when you slide it around? This is from somebody else. Somebody who's not loaded. This is an eternity ring. You're supposed to wear this all the time. And it's usually given to you by someone, you know, intimate. Why do you know that? I gave one to Jessica Chan. Ah, yes, Jessica Chan. And how long was eternity for the two of you? Three months. But they were awesome months. Except for the end part. Right. I've never seen a girl lie about entering the Witness Protection Program. She wasn't lying, Shawn! Gus, I saw her at Starbucks! You can't be sure of that. She was wearing a nametag. She had a plaque on the wall. "Employee of the Month." Her hobbies were hiding and lying about hiding. Fine. Whatever. Drop it. My point is, why isn't Deanna wearing hers all the time? She clearly has someone daddy doesn't approve of. We find the mystery lover, we find her. Dude, why don't I ever get to say stuff like that? CARLTON: All right. Get her down to the station and take her statement. Nail down the last time she saw Deanna. I'm on my way in now. I am sensing you're drinking a nonfat vanilla, half caf with lots of whipped cream but without your usual pink straw. What, are you two stalking me now? Or did you come to tell me where the missing girl is? No. But I did divine that Deanna has a secret boyfriend, which sounds like a lead to me. Yeah, we're looking into all her relationships. But, you see, it's my job to investigate people with things like, you know, motive, means and opportunity. Stop following me. (TISKING) What did I say? Look, man, I've been meaning to have the same conversation with you about leading me. To be honest, I'm sick of it. We either walk side by side, or not at all. (HORN HONKING) Shawn, six months ago I called you up to ask you whether or not you wanted any of this junk. How come you only call me to come pick up stuff? You didn't listen, now I'm donating all of it to Goodwill. I'm on my way there right now, so you got about 30 seconds, last looks. (PROTESTING) No, no, no. You cannot throw out my Whitesnake T-shirt. You can't get this in stores anymore. That is... This is my Airwolf windbreaker. I've been looking for this for like five years now. Why did you take this? I never even saw you wear it. Of course I didn't wear it. I took it, so you wouldn't. Don't put it on. Gus, nobody had an <i>Airwolf</i>jacket except Jan-Michael Vincent. (EXCLAIMS) This looks like a custom Sak-Hart graphite rod and reel. That's right. Good eye. You can't throw something like this away. It's 15 years old. Fifteen? Looks brand-new. Oh, that's because it's never been used. Bought it for him. Man, I have been itching to get out on the blue and hook some snapper, but you know what a chore it is to get the boat and... You're welcome to come with me tomorrow morning. Boat leaves at 5:00 a.m. Sharp. Princess here, never could get him up. Look, the American Medical Association clearly states the proper amount of sleep... Well, if you're sure you don't mind a little company? If you're sure you can be there at 5:00 a.m. I'll be on the docks at <i>4</i>:15 a.m. Spencer. What just happened here? I think your dad just made his first play-date. (LAUGHING) It's not funny. It is. He gave away my custom something something pole. I loved that thing. You gonna get it back? No. We are going to the Vista Rico Health and Racquet club. Now's not the time for a steam, Shawn. Gus, Deanna was seen practicing there the morning she disappeared. If she's some sort of tennis star, she probably goes there a lot. Maybe someone saw her with her mystery lover! How did that sound? It feels like you're pushing. You're pressing. (GROANS) GUS: Deanna's coach is in Tokyo, but the manager said this girl was here practicing the last time Deanna was. Sweet. Excuse me, can we talk to you for a second? I only have 11 minutes left to practice. Yeah, but isn't it better if someone's over there to return your serve? You play? No, but this is Vernest Lambert Watkins. He was a junior champion of some junior league. What did you guys call yourselves? The Little Green Fuzzymen? The Yellow Hornets. But that was like 10 years ago. He'll give you a workout. We're just gonna have a chat. Racket's over here? Now, I can sense that you were here the day Deanna disappeared. Duh. Everybody knows we hit together. What are you, a genius? Actually, I'm a psychic. And I don't think I like your tone. Let me rephrase that, and don't read anything into my tone, why do you think she didn't show up to that tournament in Tokyo? Out. Out? Out my ass! You can't be serious. That ball was clearly on the line! Long. Long by a hair, buddy. (GRUNTS) Any ideas? You know what her weakness was? Kittens? Focus. All she thought about was boys. (GRUNTING) Cowboy up there, buddy. Shut up. Any boys in particular? She was not particular at all. But I heard she started hanging out with that Doug Lenmar. Doug Lenmar? He's one of the top-ranked players on the men's tour. He stinks. No net game. Her father totally freaked when he found out and told her to end it. Then she tried to be all rebellious and stormed off the court. How grody of her. (GRUNTING) Grody? Grody to the max? Grody with a spoon. Come on, work with me. I don't know what the kids are saying these days. I don't remember anything else. That's all I heard. Well, you hear a lot. Coaches are more gossipy than housewives. Just watch. In five years, she'll be knocked up and living in government assisted housing. It's good to see the game hasn't hardened you. Out! Okay, so we know she had a secret boyfriend, Doug Lenmar. But if he was in Tokyo, why would she go to see him? Let's find out if he really is in Tokyo. If so, plan B. She was boy-crazy. There's got to be more than one dude in the mix. Maybe she's not missing. Maybe she's hiding. To keep her dad off her case. But where would she hide? Ooh. What? I have the urge to suddenly get my bunions buffed. Shawn, this is completely unnecessary. (WHISPERING) Deanna was here. We have to retrace her steps. In a paraffin wax dip? You know how flaky my knuckles get. Two birds, one stone. I've never felt so productive. And exactly how much information do you plan on getting from a manicurist that can't speak English? None so far. Hold on. Dude. Hurry up! (EXCLAIMS) She was here yesterday. Check that out. Gus, you're gonna smudge my gloss. She ordered nail protein solution. So she has weak, peeling nails. No, genius. The billing address is her father's place, but the delivery address is someplace else. Nice focus, Gus. Thank you. Maybe you're ready to take on that little girl again. Gus, I feel good about this. She's gonna be here. Safe and sound. (POLICE RADIO CHATTERING) Or not. All right, I want to talk to her the minute she wakes up. If she wakes up. What happened here? This isn't a missing person case any more. It's attempted murder. Man, even she gets to say stuff like that. That's more crappy jewelry. That means the working-class boyfriend has been here. Hey, aren't you Henry Spencer's kid? That I am. I took a six-week course he taught at the academy. Lucky you. How was he? Yeah, that just about sums it up. Do you mind if we poke around a little? No. We do. We mind quite a bit actually. You know what, scratch that. I'm gonna let you guys stick around to see what real detectives do. Sweet! Just let us know when they arrive. Deanna shared this place with another player on the tour, so her name wasn't on the lease. But Lassiter found one of her close friends. Apparently, they met frequently at that Indian restaurant. We canvassed the area with her photo and the owner of this building recognized her. So we opened the door and <i>voilà.</i> Voilà. O'Hara, come take a look at this. Check this out. I think these were all taken inside this apartment. I think you're right. Wait a second. What? I see something! I see a trophy. But I'm out of place. I've been kidnapped. There is a trophy missing from here. And we know she suffered a blunt force trauma. Possibly the weapon. Good work, O'Hara. O'Hara? That was all us! I think your tutorial in police work is done now. Goodbye. It's cool. I've got everything we need. Deanna is listed as critical but stable for now. She's touch and go for the next <i>4</i>8 hours. MAN ON TV: ... 50 pounds and is considered to be armed and dangerous. Anyone with information as to the whereabouts of this man... Gosh! Finding Deanna lit a fire under the department. Lassiter's been having these advisory alerts run 2<i>4l</i>7. So let me get this straight. Their theory is that Felix followed her to her hideaway, and showed his love by trying to kill her? Not a terrible theory. Let's review, shall we? No forced entry. That means she either let the attacker in or he had a key. Sounds like someone she was intimate with. Now, the toilet seat in her apartment was up. So we know there was a guy there recently. I doubt the killer stopped to use the little boy's room, so let's assume the phantom boyfriend stopped by for a matinee. And there were two wine glasses missing from her set. So she probably shared a drink with him, and he grabbed the glasses which had his fingerprints on them as he beat a discreet retreat. None of that points to Felix. I gotta get back to work. Now? You're gonna leave now? When we're up to our necks in intrigue? The case is almost closed. We have the girl, she's still alive. The cops beat us. Let them have this one. How can you be so negative? Easy. I need face time with my boss. I already missed the pamper pole trust exercise. I'm uncomfortable with you even saying the words "pamper pole". Look, every minute the cops spend looking for Felix, the real attacker breathes easier. Now we have got to convince them to start looking for other suspects. No. Unless you can give us something more substantial, Mr. Spencer, we're gonna continue the manhunt for Felix Alvarez. Manhunt? Mmm-hmm. Hey, I can project Tommy Lee Jones from <i>The Fugitive</i> if you'd like. I want a hard-target search for every outhouse, henhouse, cathouse, waffle house, House M.D. House of the Long Shadows? What? Crime scene photos, Detective. It's about time. Were you on a break? (EXCLAIMS) Hey! Dad? Now what? I just stopped by to drop off this hat for Mr. Lassiter, so he can look the part next time we go out and catch us some snapper. Thanks. The next time you go out and... (STAMMERS) Isn't that my hat? What are you doing here? Oh, you know, just interrupting an official briefing, and being in general, pain in my ass. Oh, well, try living with him for 17 years. (MOCKING) Excuse me. I have a killer to catch. Good luck with that. (WHISTLE BLOWS) And time! Nicely done. Excuse me a second. What're you doing here? Dude, you turned off your cell phone. Some might take that as a hint. As in, "Leave me alone." Burton, you're not having visitors, are you? You know my policy on visitors. He's not a visitor... Jerry Hathaway. I too work at Central Coast. In the lab. Yes, I worked on the mono-thio-Huxtable drug. It's for pancake- reactic function. Pancreatic. Actually, no, Burton. It was pancake. Really? Yes, there are properties in the batter that help to stabilize the ions we were working with. I never heard of that project. It was a great drug. But it caused headaches, stomach aches, tooth aches, weight gain, weight loss, balding, sever oily bowel discharge, and in very rare cases it made you pee fire. Wow! Yeah. So the higher-ups shelved the project, much to my chagrin. I thought I knew all the lab guys. I'm surprised we've never met before. I don't make much of an impact on other human beings. It's terrible for my self esteem. In fact, I've been here all weekend, and this is the first conversation I've had. And, Tom, you should know that nobody made me a nametag. You know what we say about that here. Hello. Hi, Tom. No, I mean the motto of the weekend. H-E-L-L-O. Lop off the last letter and you've got what this weekend really is. Stands for Health, Esteem, Life, Love and Openness. Well, that's pretty keen, Tom. You know, in the spirit of openness, I've always looked up to Gus. He's everything I wish I was. Do you think maybe we could work on the next exercise together? No, we can't do that. Burton! I believe your friend is reaching out right now. I think you two would be perfect candidates for the Minefield. Burton, you have to keep your eyes closed while your friend leads you through a series of obstacles. Oh, Tom! That sounds really bitching! Can I talk to him alone for a second? Sure! Oh, great, thanks! Oh, gosh. Dude, I've got bad news. What? Deanna's doctors say she showing signs of improvement. Shawn, in the health care community, we call that good news. Given what we already know? Did she know her attacker? Yes. Does that mean when she wakes up she can ID him? She ID's him and the case is closed. Where's the downside? Because if you're the bad guy and you know that your victim could wake up and point the finger at you... (DRAMATICALLY) He'll find her and finish her off! You're just not landing it. The point is, Deanna's life is in danger now more then ever, and she needs us. Burton, is there a problem? Yes, Tom, I'm afraid there is. Burton's grandmother just called. She's broken her hip. I thought you dealt with that issue already. The other side. Tore the M.C.L. She did it while trying to do her line dancing classes. Why was an 87-year-old woman with a broken hip attending a line dancing class? (CHUCKLES) Attending? She was teaching it. You leave my grandson alone. He's a good boy. Oh, yeah. Then why did he run when he saw us coming? Because you guys got my face plastered all over the TV for something I didn't do, man. I'm innocent! I don't even think about her anymore. Yeah, see, that's what all the crazy stalkers say. Stop! Just... stop. Hey, what the hell? What are you doing? Get your hand off him. He's reading his guilt. Give him a second. Hamana, Hamana, Hamana, Hamana, Ricky, Enrique, Heraldo, Menudo, Richie! (GRUNTING) This man is true to his word. He's pure of heart. He made many mistakes in his past. Dirty, filthy mistake. See, I'm not telling you anything you don't already know here. But he didn't attack Deanna. Really? If he's so pure of heart, why did we find the trophy that she was nearly bludgeoned to death with in his car? (MOUTHING) The raven crows only at midnight, dusk is for the rooster's cackle. What? Jules, that's your cue to cackle. Shawn, I don't have a cackle in my repertoire. What, you called for this secret meeting. We should use code-speak in case people are listening? (WHISPERS) It's not secret. Just away from prying eyes. So what do you propose? Should we rent one of those pedal boats that looks like a swan? We could, or you could just take these. What is this? Copies of the files on Felix Alvarez. Why are you giving this to me? I've talked to the kid, his grandmother and the court-ordered psychiatrist he had to see after breaking into Deanna's house. They all say the months of counseling paid off. He was rehabilitated. And he had a medical condition that required dialysis. My great-aunt needed dialysis, and she was always knockdown-dragout, winter-bear tired afterward. And his last appointment probably left him way too winter-bear tired to stalk and attack Deanna. Exactly. And just what did the police do when you fed them this peculiar piece of info-gristle? They spit it out. In fact, they're so certain that he's the guy, they've taken the 2<i>4</i>- hour guard off of Deanna's hospital room. Jules, that's no good. You gotta get security back on that door. The killer will come back. He'll try again. At the very least, her dad is always by her bedside. Have you seen that dude? She needs more security than a 60-year-old in a track suit. Look, without protection, you might as well just send the killer an invitation, saying, "Hey, come on back, finish the job." I wonder if they make invitations for that. I don't see why not. You can send an evite for anything. This is true. Lassiter thinks it's an inefficient use of manpower. I'll see what I can divine. What's this? It's rest of the paperwork on Felix's first break-in. I figure you need all this information to do your psychic stuff. I can feel these two crimes were not committed by the same person. But in order for your brothers in blue to be wrong, we're saying Felix was framed. We're saying it was somebody who knew he would be targeted by the police. You're saying it. I'm stealthily lending an ear, I'm saying it was an excellent, slam-dunk frame-up. This somebody was a pretty bad guy. Yes. Ugly on the inside. Thought of every detail. A virtual hunchback mastermind... Shawn! Just let me know what you find. And remember, psychic intuition's not gonna help this guy. Evidence will. Oh, one more thing. Roosters don't cackle. (SCOFFS) I beg your pardon. They cock-a-doodle-doo. (LASSITER AND HENRY CHATTERING) You've got to be kidding me. Shawn, what are you doing here? I don't know. I guess I took a wrong turn and ended it up in The Twilight Zone. What the hell's going on here? What? We caught us some lunch this morning. Hooked them, cooked them and ate them. How tribal of you. Shawn never really was one for roughing it. We went camping once, found him curled up inside his sleeping bag because a raccoon was hunting him. Stalking me. The raccoon was stalking me, Dad. And I came to talk to you. Alone. All righty. So, what's wrong? All right, here's the thing. (EXCLAIMS) Why is there a picture of Lassiter on your refrigerator? That's a picture of the fish. I didn't even know he was in there. What could you guys possibly talk about out there? Shawn, that is the beauty part. Nothing. He knows to sit there, shut up and fish. What? You think we sit out there, we yap about you all day long? I can't really wrap my brain around any of it. All right, so what's so important? I'm working on a case. And I know that they've arrested the wrong guy. What makes you so sure? The M.O. Right? This guy in custody, he trashes a girl's house, trashes it, but then, at the apartment when they find her, it's practically sterile. I'm talking about a perfect crime scene. But I cannot find anything in these police reports to back me up. Right there. You see, right there. That's your first problem. What? The police reports. Shawn, a police report is always from somebody else's point of view. I've written a ton of them myself, and one thing you cannot do is take them as gospel. All right? So let's run this again. Now you've been to both crime scenes, right? Right. Well, the first one was after the fact, but I've been to both places, yeah. Okay. So... close your eyes. Dad, I didn't come here to take a stupid test. Can't we just talk as men? Shawn, would you trust your old man for once, just once? Close your eyes. Here we go. All right, now I want you to go back to the first crime scene. This poor girl's house. What do you see? What do I see? Her bed. Tennis trophies. Jewelry box. Mostly nice jewelry. A wall of photos featuring her. Come on, keep going. Keep going, Shawn, what else? No, there is nothing else. The guy was there way before me. Everything looks different now. Okay. Okay. Now let's go to the second crime scene. To this apartment where she was found. Can we stop on the way and get donuts? Shawn, focus. Keep your eyes closed. What do you see? Wait a minute. Thank you, Dad. I have a crime scene to break into. (GUS PANTING) I can't believe you pulled me out of my retreat. I can kiss my chances of getting Dr. Feelgood on my route goodbye. Gus, what time do you have? Where's your watch at? It's a key tanning month. 2:15 p.m. 2:15 p.m. Right. It's around the same time we were here before. So, why are all these clocks wrong? Dude, I need you to lay the ground, pretend like you're Deanna. I am not pretending to be a woman half beaten to death, Shawn. You know what? I am starting to wonder if you have trust issues with me. Really? Yes. First, you wouldn't do the Minefield, now you won't lay on the floor and pretend to be an unconscious woman for me. What's going on with you? Two words. Airwolf windbreaker. Okay, two more. Airwolf windbreaker. Battleship. Dude, that was like a million years ago. I'm just saying. I never cheated again. Now can we please just do this? What is the point in me pretending to be Deanna? Something here's weird, okay? When I was with my dad, I realized the shadows coming off those two lamps were in the wrong spots. I think someone tampered with this crime scene. Who could do that? Someone smart. Someone experienced. Which is why we need to recreate the scene so that it is exactly the way it was when the cops got here. All right. Fine. Fine. Now, in the landlord's statement, he said the body was found here in the supine position. So, please, if you will... Sure. Just tell me what supine means. Gus, supine. Su... Mmm-hmm. ...pine. You don't know what the word means, do you? Okay, fine. You win. Mr. Vocabulary wins. Mr. Vocab is the big winner tonight, everybody. Thank you. No, please, please. It means on your back. (SIGHS) I knew that. No, you didn't. Okay. This is off. The lamp is in the same spot, but the shadows aren't. And something else is wrong. There are six pictures on this bookshelf, there are six pictures in this photo. What do you expect? Seven. I clearly remember seven photos, Gus. There were two pictures on each shelf and one shelf with one. That's seven. It was right here. Where this box is. Can you remember what's in the missing photo? I'm not... sure. What the hell is going on? Nothing, man. Nothing? Is that guy dead? (SIGHING) Damn it. Now you've seen too much. (STAMMERS) I didn't see anything. Yeah, you did. You're in this just as deep as I am now. We're gonna have to work together. Okay? I assume this building has an incinerator? Yeah? Yeah. Okay. So we just have to chop up the body and then we put the limbs in little plastic baggies. The torso, we're gonna have to melt down with a blow torch. Okay, I've heard enough. (EXCLAIMS) (WHISPERS) Chop up his body? And then you wonder why I don't trust you? Are we done yet? One last thing. Hurry up, Shawn. Shawn, I left my retreat to solve a crime, not to order takeout. That's exactly what we're doing. Hi, there. What time do you turn those lights on? At 5:00, for the beginning of the dinner crowd. Never any earlier for any reason whatsoever? It's on a timer. What the hell is the point? I think I know who the killer is. Just one more question. And this is absolutely critical. Do your samosas come with that red onion chutney? I arraigned Felix today. If he's smart he'll just plead out. Next is the... Jimminy Crickets. What? He's sensing an anomaly in the space-time continuum. Oh, it's very serious. They can unravel the fabric of reality itself. We've been trailing it from across town. The distortion is near. (SNEEZES) Bless you. Thank you. It's in the photos in the file! Yes. The photos are lying. That is the anomaly. It was the distortion that prevented me from divining dirty Deanna's attacker. But now, now I have a clear image. We already know who attacked her. He's right, Mr. Spencer. He's wrong. The bludgeoner is close. Follow me. Yes! No! No. (GASPS) (EXCLAIMS) Bludgeoner. What, are you nuts? He works for us! The photos. (STAMMERS) Look at the photos. Jules, Jules, Jules, what's going on with the lights in the background, in the window? Oh, he's right. The lights in the restaurant are on in these photos. They were off when we found Deanna. What? This is crazy. Why would I attack some woman I've never met before? Never met? Didn't you photograph her house when that Felix guy broke in? SHAWN: Yes, that's when you met her then. Dude! She liked meeting new people. And she liked to party. And she liked to have her photo taken. And guess who takes photos for a living. You! And it was nice, and it was on, and you were giving it to her, and she liked it. Until she met somebody who could afford to buy her nicer jewelry than you. She was on her way to see him in Tokyo. You decided to confront her at her apartment. SHAWN: Hey, trophy! (IMITATES STRIKING SOUND) And then you cleaned it all up, and you made it nice, and you left a perfect crime scene. Then you came back here, and assumed your capacity as police photographer. You scrutinized the photos, making sure there was no trace of your presence in that apartment. (SHAWN EXCLAIMS) Oversight. This bag. Sure enough, in a photo on her bookshelf. Your bag with your initials, that the police have seen a million times. They'd have known it was you. So what did you do? You waited for the forensics guys to split, and you snuck back inside. You were meticulous. You took the time to turn the clocks back to the right time, and you re-photographed the whole scene without the incriminating photo. And you re-submitted those as the originals. But I can feel that you forgot to reset the clocks to the correct time before leaving. Oh, Gus. (WHIMPERING) Take him into custody until we figure this whole thing out. (DRAMATICALLY) So the prophecy has been fulfilled. What? What are you talking about? What prophecy? Nothing. I just figured it was finally my chance to say something dramatic. Father! Hey, Pop. Shawn, God... What are you, sleeping one off? No. I couldn't sleep last night, my back's all out of whack. (GROANING) Oh. God. Hey, I hear they arrested one of the forensics guys. Yup. They grilled him like panini. He confessed to the whole thing. And the police found a fake hospital badge at his apartment. They think he was gonna try to kill her last night. How's the girl? The doctors say she's gonna pull through. There he is! Well, you're here, but you're not gonna go out like that, are you? Yeah, I can't make it tonight. I gotta work a double. Hey, I know. Why don't you take Junior here? I'll catch you next week. (PROTESTING) What are you talking about? Didn't you just work back-to-back shifts on that tennis thing? Okay, fine. You got me. All right. He's actually capable of taking all the fun out of fishing. He criticized my pole technique for like three hours. It's holding a pole in the water. What is there to criticize? Hey, ease up. That's my pop you're talking about. I'm beginning to understand you a little better, Spencer. Burton, you're back. Sorry I missed today's program, sir. Well, it's okay. I tried out a new trust exercise where I pull a rubber band back as far as I can and hold it up to my trust partner's eye, and I say, "Do you trust me? Do you trust me?" Wow. How did that go? I wish my grip was better. But the cornea is resilient. That's true, Tom, I've heard that. Now, Burton here hates to drag his personal life into work matters, but I feel like you should know, his dear grandmother somehow managed to dislocate both of her shoulders, too. I think it was the chin-ups she was trying to do on the traction bar. Burton, you have missed almost every exercise we had arranged for this weekend. You left a work function to tend to your ailing grandmother, even if it was detrimental to your career. You know what that tells me? Tells me you really care about people. I do. He does. And after getting in touch with my feelings this weekend, I think that's exactly what the Central Coast Pharmaceutical Company is all about. Yes. Okay. Burton's grandmother is gonna need a little extra caring after. He would never complain because I know he loves his job, but if there was any way that his route could be a little less time... Save your breath. Burton, I know that everybody here wants to get Dr. Magnotti, why don't you swap him out for a couple of your less-productive clients? Oh, wow. Wow. Thank you, Tom. And my grandmother thanks you, as a matter of fact. Well, I'll tell you what. Once she's feeling better, I want you two to come on over to my house and have dinner with my wife and I. (LAUGHING) Oh, no, we couldn't. We couldn't. Lizzie makes a fondue that'll knock your socks off. Block of cheese about the size of a house cat. We're gonna melt it down and gobble it up. Okay. All right. Sure. We'd be honored. And don't be such a stranger. Hello, Tom. Hello! I am so screwed. Why? He wants to meet my grandmother. So? So? You know that one of them is dead and the other one lives in Jamaica. Dude, relax. I know like five people that could easily play your grandmother. Okay, so you know a line-dancing octogenarian who can do chin-ups and has two broken hips? Yeah, as long as she can be Chinese. Just trust me. Never mind. Oh, you do trust me, right? I mean, I know it's a silly thing to say after all these years, but we don't have to do these kinds of exercises, do we? Battleship rematch? No, that's all right. In between the lines there's a lot of obscurity I'm not inclined to resign to maturity If it's all right then you're all wrong But why bounce around to the same damn song? You'd rather run when you can't crawl I know, you know That I'm not telling the truth I know, you know They just don't have any proof Embrace the deception Learn how to bend Your worst inhibitions tend to psych you out