Oh, man. Do I have to remind you of the nunchaku incident? You get hurt, you're driving yourself to the E.R. That's all I'm saying. Freeze right there. This is yours? Yes. It's my dragonhead <i>kwan dao</i>. You know, one of the 18 arms of Wushu. That's like those little Chinese dumplings? I love that stuff. No, Wushu is the Chinese martial art with 18 arms or weapons. I prefer the steel whip or the meteor hammer, but you have to stay in practice with all of them. No doubt. I mean, you never know when a horde of murderous Mongols are gonna come galloping over Laurel Canyon. All hands on deck. You gave him - a whistle? - Oh, do I look as if I've gone daft? I'd sooner give a chain saw to a spider monkey. At least I took his Segway away. - I'll speak to Mr. Beale. - Sooner than later, okay, because the next time he toots that thing, he won't be using his lips. Maybe you can use your Wushu dragon breath. Dragonhead kwan dao. Marine Gunnery Sergeant Wendell Dobbs. Dobbs was promoted to a job in logistics 18 months ago, after his second tour in Anbar Province, Iraq. It's a lot of entry wounds. Some serious lead-slinging. What were they using? AK-47s, multiples. Most popular gun in every conflict around the world, but still very rare in the U.S. Eric, do we have any video footage on the shooting? Got this from the supermarket security camera. The plates were stolen, but I've got Kaleidoscope looking for the vehicles. they probably stole the vehicles for the drive-by so they could dump - and torch them after. - Back to the shooting. Dropped the magazine. Mags typically aren't expendable. So they're either sloppy... Or very well-equipped. Where the hell are they getting Kalashnikovs with extra mags? Gang violence in the military is an ongoing problem, and SECNAV is pushing hard to rout out any and all offenders, but I don't see any indications of gang ties in Wendell Dobbs' service record book. LAPD said there's an escalating war between the gangs, a lot of jockeying for drug turf. Yeah, where an edge in firepower makes a big difference. Dobbs was in uniform, so it's unlikely a case of mistaken identity. He clearly wasn't a random victim. He was targeted. - Question is: why? - How do we want to play it? I'll go put in a call to Dobbs' C.O. and his medical officer. I'll swing by the crime scene, see if I can track down any witnesses who are willing to talk. Well, looks like we're going to pay our respects to the family. May we speak with you, sir? Come in. Thank you. Proudest day of my life... when Wendell graduated from boot camp. Did your son have any enemies you were aware of? Yeah, some terrorists in Fallujah and Abu Ghraib. Any old relationships that could have come back to haunt him? Meaning what? He was an ideal son and an outstanding Marine. We're not trying to disrespect your son, sir. We're just trying to find and prosecute his killers. And you'd better find them before I do. Pardon me, gentlemen. Where's Lil'Mac D? I need to talk to him. Get out of my house, before I throw you out. - Cool your ass, old man, before I... - Before you what? You might want to think about what you doing. You best tell Lil'Mac D we're looking for him. Let's roll. Move it, move it. Sorry about that. Who's Lil'Mac D? I assume they mean my younger son, James. Kids don't go by their given names anymore. It's always Lil'this, Doggy that, Mac Daddy Love Handles. It's ridiculous. Wendell has a brother? Yeah, James. Wendell was his rock... but when he went to the war, James got in with the wrong crowd. Wendell left a job he loved... leading his Marines in battle, to take a non-deployable billet back here, just to help James and me. I was diagnosed with diabetes six months ago, but I told him I don't need a nursemaid. A man should never outlive his children. Get down! Stay down! You okay, sir? I'm okay. I'm okay. You good? Good. A champagne-colored Chevy Impala lowrider. Thanks, Eric. and call me if you get any IDs on that other picture I sent you. Thanks. Found this on the fridge. Suntiago Equipment, Inc. Looks like a pay stub with James' name on it. 7.62 by 39. Same weapons and ammo that killed Wendell. - They're firing cheap reloads. - Maybe the Taliban's having a sale. What's Suntiago Equipment, Inc.? That's where James works. It's a heavy equipment outfit, backhoes, bulldozers, that sort of thing. They're out by the airport. Why would James' gang want Wendell dead? I don't know what any of this is about. It may be best if you stay elsewhere for a few days. - We'll find somewhere for you to stay. - Hell, no. This is my house. I've been living here longer than most of those punks. I'm not leaving, unless it's in a body bag. Just find my son before something bad happens to him, too. We're trying, sir. I ran Callen's covert little happy snap against our and LAPD's databases. Rashad Hollander, aka Slide, dishonorably discharged from the Army in 2007 for... Let me guess: gang activity. Bingo. Managed to compile a pretty impressive rap sheet since then. As has Wendell's prodigal brother, James. James seems like a petty thief, whereas Hollander appears to be well on his way to becoming a full-fledged sociopath. Both Rashad "Slide" Hollander and... James "Lil'Mac D" Dobbs have links to the 82nd Street Black Posse. They been expanding into the territories rival with increasing violence. So what does this have to do with our stellar Marine, Wendell Dobbs? That's the part we haven't figured out yet. Check out the Humvees. Looks like they've seen some action. Something tells me we need to play this on the down-low. I think I just became James' cousin. I'll buy that. Hey, guys, your supervisor around? That guy. Excuse me. How you doing? Keith Dobbs. This is my buddy, Ernie. Ronnie Miller. - How can I help you gentlemen? - I'm looking for my cousin, James, - James Dobbs. - That'd make two of us. Your cousin hasn't been here since Friday. He'll have to look for a new job if he doesn't check in soon. His brother was killed last night. Wendell? - You know James' brother? - A little. I gave James the job as a favor to Wendell. What happened? Looks like a drive-by shooting, but police are still looking into it. Oh, man. That's messed up. I'm so sorry. That's cool you gave him the job as a favor. Yeah, well, it was the least I could do. Wendell had a big part in helping me secure my military contract. He wanted to keep jobs in California. I was the lowest bid in the State. You see the Humvees. I repair the vehicles coming back to U.S. bases from Iraq and Afghanistan. They take serious abuse in the desert over there, so we get them back in shape for service here. It's been a real godsend in this economy. You have any idea where we can find James? - We're really worried about him. - Not a clue. Any coworkers, or... - friends, buddies? - I don't know. He was my night watchman, so, to be honest, I never saw him. You bring back weapons and stuff, too? No, just vehicles. Humvees, mostly. - Why do you ask? - Just curious. Well, thanks. I appreciate it. Again, my condolences. Thank you. Ernie? Do I look like an Ernie? So a Marine gets his brother a job with a company that refurbishes equipment from the war. Then that same Marine is gunned down by gangbangers armed with AK-47s. These Humvees aren't the only things being brought back from Iraq. Yeah, it sounds like Wendell's figured out a way to supply L.A. gangs with Kalashnikov rifles. Think we better have Eric check this place out. And Ronnie Miller. We got to get to James before anybody else does. Well, he can't go home. And forget about the streets, especially with your own gang after you. He's got to be holed up somewhere. His brother got him the job here. Maybe he's always looking out for him. No place safer than big brother's house. TV's on. - If he's hiding, he won't answer. - Not even for Wendell's old buddies? Wendell? It's Gordie, baby. What's up? I got your Xbox. I got to tell you, I'm getting pretty good at <i>Call of Duty</i>. Easy! Easy. Don't shoot. Don't shoot. Don't shoot. Who are you? I'm Gordie. Gordon? Gordo. - James, right? - What are you doing here? I'm here to see your brother. Yeah? Where's the Xbox, then? Federal agent! Gordo? And you were complaining about Ernie? Who killed your brother, James? You don't have to be afraid. We're here to help. I'm not afraid of anything. Why hiding out at your brother's place? I wasn't hiding. I was chillin'. Your brother's dead, and your boys put about 30 rounds in your father's house this morning with me and my partner inside. And you were just chillin'? Where are Slide and the gang getting their guns? - I don't know. - Was Wendell using Suntiago Equipment to smuggle weapons to the gang? No way. Wendell was clean. He was a war hero. You can't say nothing bad about my brother. But you can dishonor him by acting like some punk-ass thug, huh? What about the owner of Suntiago Equipment, Ronnie Miller? Is he bringing in the guns? I don't know anything about no guns, okay? - So stop sweatin' me. - Okay. Let me ask you a question. If you're so tough, why not enlist? Your old man did. Your brother did. What were you? Scared? I tried, OK? I tried. I got a heart murmur. I don't feel it. I didn't even know that it was there, but they... wouldn't let me in because of it. Look, we both know your gang buddies killed your brother Wendell. Why? - I don't know. - Why are you protecting them? I'm not protecting nobody but myself. Where I come from, you're either a gang member or you're a gang victim. And my brother, Well, he couldn't be looking out for me when he was off fighting in the war. You hungry? You like Thai food? I'm thinking Thai. Sure. Thai food? Want to shed a little light here? Maybe he doesn't know anything. Maybe. Maybe he does. He doesn't want to talk, but he hasn't asked for a lawyer. He knows he's safer here than anywhere else. Because he knows who killed his brother. He does, Sam. But this goes way beyond murder. We have a Gunny Sergeant who may be supplying automatic weapons to L.A. gangs. He's going to tell us. He just needs a little more time. The more time it takes, the more likely his gang start using those AKs again. When it gets out... Then maybe we need to be out looking for them instead of leaning on this kid. Let him some time with Nate. If you want to keep questioning him, that's cool, but I head back to Ops. You know I don't like people sneaking up on me. I tread lightly. I don't sneak. - Are there any new developments? - No. And what about our unfortunate Gunny Dobbs? Still trying to convince James to tell us about his brother's killers and where they get their guns from. Moe and Dom, and now this young man. This one isn't hitting too close to home, is it? The problem isn't Moe, Dom or James. It's the other ten million. You know what the leading cause of death for young black men in this country is? - Homicide. - That's right. Usually at the hands of another young man with a gun. You can't take it upon yourself to save all of them. But at least I can save this one. Sam? In the last six months... Suntiago Equipment has repaired and refurbished hundreds of vehicles returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. All of which came back via military air transport, of course, effectively bypassing customs. - No customs check? - No, and it wouldn't be too hard to fill those vehicles up with black market weapons before shipping them home. So Gunny Dobbs helped Suntiago Equipment get the Humvee contract, then got James a job there as the night watchman. Eric, tell them what you found on our friend Ronnie Miller. It's not only what I found, but what I didn't find. Ronnie Miller used to be Royad Markovic. Serb? Maybe changed his name to sound more American? Royad Markovic died in '89. By the time we get a warrant to search Suntiago Equipment and Ronnie Miller's personal residence, any evidence could be long gone. What about a FISA warrant? You'll claim this under a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant? Well, why not? AK-47s are a foreign weapon. They're bought on the black market. They're smuggled into the country. Their profits are probably being used for terrorist activities, no? Okay. I'll buy that. I thought you're staying with James. Well, I figured I'd let Nate have a crack at him so we could... work on some other angles. Checked the whole yard. There's nothing. I told you people. I run a legitimate operation here. I don't import weapons. If it's legitimate, then why'd you change your name? America's a melting pot. I wanted to melt in. And what about the real Royad Markovic? The one who died in Zagreb? Royad was a friend of mine, a business partner. We had our own heavy equipment business, but he was killed in the war. I was bankrupt, so I came here, and I started over. A new country, a new life. This isn't sounding good for you. - What do you got, Eric? - There's been a gang shootout downtown. They were using automatic weapons. TB Two is inbound to the crime scene south of downtown.</i> TB Two, Police Three. Please maintain 1,500 or above.</i> Wilco on the altitude. Uh, Shop Three-Two-Four, be advised we have Code 20 overhead. PB Three, perimeter is secure. County coroner is on the scene, for 17 victims.</i> You're good for Code Four. Roger that. We'll take a last look and depart the area.</i> Thanks for your help. AK-47 mag. ... a number of bystanders were caught in the crossfire. The death toll stands at four... It's one of the gangbangers from Dobbs' house. The one that knocked on the door. Looks like our gang war is heating up. I'm guessing a couple of these guys are friends of yours. - What happened? - Same that's going to happen to you. Maybe your father if we don't take care of this right here, right now. How? By telling us where we can find who's responsible for this, - where they're getting their weapons. - I don't know. They shot your brother with AK-47s... pumped about a pound of lead into his body and you don't even have the guts to tell me who else was in that car? You want to know who else was in the car the night my brother got killed? You really want to know? It was me. Yeah, that's right. I was there. I saw it. I saw everything. Slide said that, uh... he wanted to show me something. And he did. He made me watch as they gunned Wendell down. Why? Why'd they do that? Wendell wanted me out of the gang and away from Suntiago Equipment. Slide didn't like him interfering. Interfering with what? Is Ronnie Miller bringing the guns in through his company? I don't know, all right? I just work the gate at night. When Slide found out, he got real interested and... he just... he told me to let him in sometimes. To do what? I mean, I guess steal stuff, you know? That's what I thought they were doing. - You don't know. - No. I just work the gate. I don't ask questions, and they don't tell me. And your boss didn't know what Slide was doing. No, and neither did my brother. I didn't think it was anything big, though. I just thought Wendell was overreacting. Now he's dead, and I'm next. We'll protect you. You can't protect me any better than my brother could. You're right. Because sooner or later, we all end up on our own, with no one at our back. At that point, you have to decide which side you're on and whether you're going to run or fight. Now, you choose to stick with Slide and his gang, you'll wind up dead, just like JJ. Try running from Slide and his crew, and you'll probably wind up dead, too. Because they're going to hunt you down like a dog. But if you stand and fight with us, I promise you... we will take these guys down, and you won't have to run or hide again. What makes you think you can take Slide's gang down when the cops can't? We're not cops. Dread day in Los Angeles with a shootout earlier this morning</i> outside an illegal Hollywood after-hours club.</i> Two men, believed to be members of a Colombian drug cartel,</i> were riddled with automatic gunfire while sitting in their car.</i> James is the only way to get to the gang that killed his brother. Look, Slide... Rashad Hollander is extremely dangerous, and after this shootout, he's going to be even more paranoid and jumpy, which is going to make him more prone to violence. Which is why we have to act now, get those killers and their automatic weapons off the street. Okay. What's to say Slide doesn't kill James the moment he sees him? He's your only witness in any of this. Slide's already lost three guys, including JJ, who was his right-hand man. He's in a turf war with the Mexicans and the Colombians. He's going to take help. I know you guys are going to do it anyway, but I just want it on the record that I think this op has an unacceptable risk level. There are too many dangerous variables, especially with this short of a setup. That said... I hope you kick some ass. I'll prep James. I'll get Eric working on the tech spread. I'll download some more profiles on Slide. Maybe there's something there you can use. Thanks, Nate. You want to be briefed on this? I don't know. Do I? I can run it by Director Vance, if you'd prefer. Oh, Lord, no. One of the reasons I'm here is to protect him as a designated fall guy. "I had no previous knowledge "of the operation, Mr. Secretary. "That madwoman went off her rocker and acted autonomously." You're the first line of defense? Yeah. You got to get by me first. And Mr. Hanna? Will be as safe as we can manage, as will James. Bring them both back, hmm? Go with God, Mr. Callen or whoever it is who watches over you. I have a guardian angel. She's tiny, but very tough. All right, Sam's button cam is up. Where are we with the schematics on this building? The building's old. I'm not sure they're even available, but I'm trying. Long time no see, Lil' Mac D. Well, looky here. Mr. Night Watchman. We all been wondering where Lil' Mac D been hiding. Turns out the little bitch was on his honeymoon. Yo, this is my cousin, Sam. Just got out here from New York. I don't care if he's your imaginary friend. You shouldn't have brought him. Your cousin, huh? Where's your little white girlfriend at, cuz? He's my parole officer. Parole officer. We got us a genuine badass here. Sam did four years up in New York. Sing Sing. - That supposed to impress me? - I'm looking for some work, man. - Try Burger King. - James said you was... Man, shut the hell up. I ain't talking to you. I've been calling you, Lil' Mac D. Yeah, I've been... I've just been dealing with my brother's funeral and stuff. - I heard about JJ. - Yeah? You hear how many Mexicans we smoked? - Yeah. - And the Colombians. Tore them up. They was all like... Think you can run with the big dogs, cuz? - What you think, Tiny? - He don't want none. Let's see what you got. It's okay. They're just jumping him in. - We lost our feed. - <i>Yeah.</i> I'm working on it. - These things aren't indestructible. - Neither is Sam. What's up, big man? Wha's up? What's up? That's enough! I said that's enough! You just got owned, fat boy. Welcome to the clique. - Eric, talk to me. - Camera's been damaged. Trying to get the picture back up. I need to know what's happening in there. At least get me audio. I'm trying. You need to go to work, man. What about my cousin? Got a job for him, too. Let's go. Get the hell out of here. Let's go! Let's go! James is leaving. James is on the move,. Where are they taking him? It's okay. If they wanted to kill him, he'd already be dead. Look at that. Puppet. Tiny. That's some serious firepower. You got some more? You know how hard it is to get these? I thought maybe you were selling them. - You thought wrong. - Where you get these? - Craigslist. - Hope you got a good price. - Nice and cheap. - And why's that? They look like the real deal, but they're actually knockoffs. That's why Butterfingers here is having a problem locking in his clip. - What makes you such an expert? - I used to move guns. - Yeah? - What you think I was in jail for? And I bet that ammo you're using is crappy reloads, too. Seriously. I think you got ripped off. I wouldn't fire one of those. It's more likely to blow up and kill you. Fool, we've been busting these like freaking Rambo. It ain't no problem. Not yet. But how many rounds went through there? I bet it's less than three clips. Just wait. Well, you don't have to worry about that. 'Cause you ain't getting one. I swear to God, Tiny, if your uncle jacked us on these, I'm driving to Miami myself to kill him. - You got these from Miami? - That's right. My uncle Boney got six of 'em from South America. Would you shut up, Tiny? You could drive. Let's go. If these guys mount a 50-cal on that thing, I'm going to retire. - They're in a Humvee. - I'll stay on them - with the traffic cams. - <i>Alert LAPD and Highway Patrol.</i> I don't want anyone pulling that Humvee over. Yo, Lil' Mac D, open the gate! Eric, we're at Suntiago Equipment. Look over there. Check out those Humvees. - You see anything? - No, lost them behind the Humvee. Eric, Kensi and I are going in. We need additional backups at Suntiago. - Nobody leaves this lot. - I got it. Hey, yo, I got something. That's just bloodstains. Keep looking. This it right here! 622! Come on, man. Hurry up! I think it's dead. You're gonna flood it, man. Look out, man. Come on, man! - You know anything about Humvees? - I know enough to steal 'em. - You could get this thing started? - Why don't we try another one? - Because I want this one. - Why? What's so special about this one? {\What's it got, like }There's satellite radio or something? - Can you get it started or not? - Probably be easier to call Triple-A. Probably be easier if I just shot you in your head. I doubt that'd get this started. - It's the battery. - Open the hood. - It's under the passenger seat. - Now, how you know that? - You an expert on Humvees, too? - Like I said, I know enough to steal 'em. I spent 20 minutes one night trying to find the battery on these things. Now, you want me to get this started or not? I'm need some jumper cables. Go find some cables, man. You, too! Both of y'all. Go! Did our backups just drive right by us? - Impossible. They're nowhere near you. - Then we've got company. - What the hell is this? - I supposed to know? It's your party. You! Get out of the car now! Tiny, check it for jumper cables. Who are you? What are you doing here? - Shut up and get on the ground! - You're on my property! - I got jumper cables! - Hook 'em up. Take it. Now's your chance to get some street cred. Kill him. We start shooting out here, the cops will be all over us. - We'll never get out of here. - You think you getting out of here? Puppet. Swap out the Humvees. Time to man up, boy. - You killed my brother. - Don't do it, James. Put the gun down. Do it. Do it. Pull the trigger. That's what I thought. You can't do it. - Come here and smoke this sorry p... - Drop the guns! Federal agents! Drop your weapons! Get down! Go! Go! - You good? - Right as rain. Good job. Showed the same sort of courage your father and brother did as Marines. - They would both be proud of you. - Thanks, man. Not much more of this Humvee we can pull apart. Bingo. Looks like heroin. - It's about a kilo. - May I? Sure. Fresh from the poppy fields. We thought Slide was using his overseas connections to smuggle in guns. Turns out it was drugs. Packed away nicely into Humvees coming back from Afghanistan. James would let them into the compound, then they'd swap out the Humvee stashed with the drugs. A foolproof plan Gunny Dobbs stumbled upon. We send our young men to slay the terrorist dragon, and what do we get back, but the dragon we were sent to slay. It's hard to believe, but it was a beautiful country once upon a time. - You've been to Afghanistan? - I spent a wonderful Christmas there in the Bamian Valley with a local Pashtun family. When was that? Well, it must have been... 1979. Didn't the Russians invade Afghanistan Christmas 1979? So they did, Mr. Callen. My mistake. I meant 1978. Of course you did.