Do whatever you have to do to find him. I gave Moe a new life. Everything you said to me is a lie. - Good-bye, sir. - Moe... .: Team UnderCovers :. NCIS Los Angeles 1x21 - Found - Kensi, we got something. How fast can you be here?</i> Can you translate this? This should be translated. G, we got a lead. You gotta get in here right away. A video just came in.</i> When? What do we know? This appeared on a known jihadist Web site less than an hour ago. The evil empire of the West hides behind its false words of peace and its United Nations... The infidel war machine designed solely to deny Islam and destroy the Muslim world. If you do not release our falsely accused brother Ala a Din Keshwar within 24 hours... this man shall be executed. Looks like it was uploaded at an Internet café - in Rabat, Morocco. - Strip the hell out of that footage. I want full audio and visual forensics... voice analysis and the works. Identify what's in the room, what's on their clothes, background noises. Send copies to FBI, NSA, anyone who can help. Kensi, find out who these people are. Where do they operate? Where are they getting their funding? Put together whatever you can about this Ala a Din Keshwar - keep Director Vance in the loop. - Got it. - What about Dom's parents? - What about them? Shouldn't we contact them? To tell what, "Your son's not dead, but he's about to be executed"? At the very least, they could be praying. - They need to know the truth. - I'll have Nate speak with them. Hopefully, by the time we talk to them, he's been found safe and sound. We need to secure a transport. We can put together a basic outfit gear once we're on the ground overseas. Overseas where? We don't even know where they took him. Not yet, but as long as we're wheels up, we can land anywhere in the Middle East or North Africa soon as we find out who this Ala a Din is, who's got him, and where he's being held. And what happens if we're halfway over the Atlantic, and we discover that he's being held in the Philippines or Indonesia? - They had him over two months, G. - But he looked strong. He looked like he was hanging in there? All this time and we still don't know who grabbed him, why they grabbed him, or what they hoped to get out of a brand-new agent. Maybe he was a hostage of opportunity. They brought in Colombians to snatch him. They hired pros. You think someone's trying to get to us? If they have Dom, they already have. All you're giving me is excuses, and I don't have time for it, Dick. Monty, you owe me and you know it. Just man up. S'cusez, General. Non, demain est trop tard. Maintenant! Listen up, you flaccid, bureaucratic eunuchs. I want full cooperation from each of your agencies and unrestricted access to Tunisian airspace, or by God, my next call is to Fradkov, and I will outsource this whole damn operation. Feel better? You've done this before. Where are we? We are playing catch-up in the dark with a ticking clock. I may know someone who can help. - So what are we waiting for? - I'm certain he can help. I'm just not certain that he'll want to, but he owes me a favor... or ten. Maybe if you ask him nicely. It seemed to work with the other men on the phone. I doubt that any of them are gentle, and they're certainly not men. So who is this contact? What do you mean she didn't give you a name? What agency is he with? She didn't say. We're wasting time. This guy could be with Animal Control for all I care. I trust Hetty. How is the Duchess of Deception? She's well. How do you know her? She helped me out of a jam here and there back in the day. - You know who we're up against? - Not really. Ala a Din is a brand-new player. Nobody's even got a positive I.D on him. Who's he work for? We believe his group is called TAJ... Talib al Jihadiya... and they are working very hard to make a name for themselves. Now, there were reports he was killed after a bombing in Pakistan. TAJ denied it. But the latest rumor is, he's been captured by one of our own agencies, but nobody's copping to it. Do you know who has him? Defense Intelligence, Special Activities Division, National Clandestine Service... take your pick. Whoever's got him ain't sharing. How we haven't heard any of this? Nobody has. My guess is, whoever's got him is keeping his capture a secret, hoping to smoke out the rest of his group because the guys with the biggest trophies get the most funding. - Do you have any idea where he is now? - No. This is all I've got on the TAJ terrorists. They're thought to have training camps set up in Sudan, Eritrea, possibly even Somalia, but nothing's been confirmed yet. I'm sorry about your man. No one deserves to go out like that. He's not dead yet. Good luck. And... tell Hetty they still had her picture up in that bar in Velika Krusa. She'll get a kick out of that. No, there. - The other one. - Can you stop hovering? I'm just trying to help. You aren't. It's a computer, it only takes one person. Apparently not. I haven't been able to find anything on this Ala a Din character. - Neither can Eric. - Or you. - Pointing fingers is not going to help. - Maybe this will. What is it? Information on suspected TAJ terrorists. - See what you can dig out. - Where you get it? - Couldn't tell you if I wanted to. - Okay, we've got video, no audio. We haven't been able to find anything. I mean nothing. Ala a Din must be an alias. - How much time do we have? - 20 hours at the most. We may be able to reset the deadline if we can give the terrorists some indication they're making progress with their demands. Stop the video. Now zoom in. Is that your friend Moe? Thank you. Moe's foster parents haven't heard from Moe since he fled back to Africa, the same night that Dom was abducted. Safar Jadallah recruited Moe and the other boys from the Ethiopian Youth Center to become Jihadis. - He's got to know something. - No, he's in Guantanamo Bay. It'd take 8 hours to get him here. Let's question him there. Okay, I'll give them a heads-up. Moe's father was Janjaweed. Sudanese government hired them to fight the rebels. Only problem was, they were worse. Hence, the nickname: "devils on horseback with guns." I killed Moe's father, saving some aid workers. Maybe it's payback. If Moe is part of Ala a Din's group and they have Dom, there's a good chance Dom is in Sudan. There's also a good chance he's being held in Chad or Libya or Somalia. If we can't track Moe's movements after he arrived in Chad, we've no idea where he could be. If we take a plane to Mamba Bay, Kenya, we'd be within striking distance. We're better working the case from here, using our time and resources to find Dom. - We should be there. We owe it to Dom. - Let's just find him first, okay? Having Moe involved, that's our first big break. We have a place to start. The Youth Center. - May I help you? - Federal agents from the NCIS. This is a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant... But you've already searched here before, two months ago. Safar Jadallah has already been arrested. We're interested in a terrorist organization, the Talib al Jihadiya. We've got a runner. Federal agent! Stop! Let me go! Let me go! Leave me alone! - Stay still! - Leave me alone! Don't move! Way to go, Flipper. Think we can get something off it? I sure as hell hope so. I didn't order any room service. Where is he? - I don't even know who that is. - Mowadh Dusa, he goes by Moe. Used to hang out at the Youth Center until he went back to Sudan to become a terrorist with Talib al-Jihadiya. If you say so. This man? Special Agent Dominic Vail. He goes by Dom. He was kidnapped and is being held by TAJ terrorists who are threatening to execute him. - I don't know anything about that. - Why did you run at the Youth Center? I was late for a class. - Why you threw your computer? - Slipped out of my hand. And the knife you pulled on my partner? I was just trying to hand it over to him.</i> He is smug. Can I go now? You know how I feel about smug. No, it's good. He thinks he's smarter than Callen. So, what's the verdict? Don't take your computer swimming. To do this properly, I should flush it with distilled water, and dry it out with a desiccant over several days. I don't care about properly, I care about quickly. There's information on that computer we need now. I know. But if I power this up, and there's moisture on the components, I could fry the motherboard and cause a lethal short to the CPU. But if we don't, we waste valuable time. This computer may hold the only chance we have of finding Dom in time to save him. Come on. Do it. Son of a bitch! I... I told you... - Now what am I supposed to do? - Fix it. You help me, I may be able to help you. But if you don't, it is out of my hands, and you are on a one-way trip to Guantanamo Bay. And I promise you, their idea of water sports - does not involve a day at the beach. - Your threats... do not frighten me. You know the difference between courage and stupidity, Yari? Do you know why terrorists target youth groups? Because young people are impressionable. It's a lot easier to convince teenagers to be suicide bombers. To become a martyr, shahid, is to die for what you believe in. The old <i>Istishhad</i> versus <i>Intihar</i> debate. I got another one for you. Do you know the difference between suicide bombers and martyrs? Trick question. There is no difference. We pick up both their pieces in a sandwich bag. It's kind of hard to make out, but, that thing that looks like a bowl of fruit salad... that's what's left of the skull of an 11-year-old boy, who detonated a bomb that was strapped to his chest. I wonder if the heavenly virgins dig the headless horseman look. Look... if you want to help this man, you can trade him for Ala a Din. How much time we're gonna waste on this human detritus? - We don't negotiate with terrorists. - Well, that's too bad. For your friend. I can only imagine the look in his face when they cut off his head. You will be an accessory to murder. Sam, let him go. I give him what he wants. Why you struggling? - You want <i>shahadah</i>? - Stop it! This is it! You want to be a <i>shahid</i>? You're on your way to paradise. Sam, listen to me, he is no good to us dead. He's no good to anyone. For the record, you don't deserve to die by my hands. I messed up, G. He'll live. Thought bringing Moe here was the right thing to do. It was. Think about where he'd be right now if you hadn't taken him out of Sudan? He'd be dead. And Dom would be safe. The only one who thinks this is your fault is you. You want to blame yourself, do after we find Dom, okay? Right now I need your "A" game, big guy. So does Dom. You think this guy Yari's gonna talk? He might... if you open a can of Jihad on his ass. The guy is an armchair terrorist at best. We made it pretty clear we were not messing around. Give me some good news, Kensi. I have a resignation letter from a former worker. What's her name? Great. Send whatever you find to my phone. Kensi found a resignation letter from a worker at the center. A woman by the name of Ameenah Shah quit because she disapproved of what was going on there. - Liking this woman already. - Oh, come on! Come on. You know I despise your wardrobe? Particularly those flip-flops. Not to mention your surfboard leaning precariously close to my car, the sand you track into the Ops Center, all the millions of dollars of top secret technology you use to play your frivolous video games. I only left my surfboard near your car once. Twice. - But I don't do it anymore. - But I tolerate it... all... for the most part. And do you know why, - Mr. Beale? - My playful kitten-like personality? I don't know why I just said that. I make jokes when I'm nervous. Use humor as a defense mechanism. It's a bad habit. I don't know why I'm talking. I tolerate it because you are unequaled at what you do. I am the way I am, because I demand the best. This is an elite unit whose unparalleled success rests on the superior skills of those who work here. And that's why I know that if anyone can fix this... it is you. - I'm trying. - I know, I know, and I'm sorry. I should have trusted your judgment earlier. And because I pushed you, I may have buggered everything. But I have complete faith in you, Mr. Beale. Do what you do. That's for good luck. Thanks. Yes. Come on, baby. Come to Papa. Thank you for coming and enjoy the rest of your visit. Have a good day. Bye-bye. Thank you. Ameenah Shah? Yes? I'm Special Agent Callen, this is Special Agent Sam Hanna. - We're from NCIS. - We'd like to ask you some questions about your time spent working at the Ethiopian Youth Organization. You know a young Sudanese man from the center, Mowadh Dusa? I worked mainly in an administration capacity... - Organizing schedules, classes. - Your resignation letter cited concerns about some of what they were teaching there. Ideological differences are not a crime. They are if they lead to terrorist activities. I should be getting back to work. The man in this video... is a federal agent. He is also a friend, and he will be executed if we can't find him. I'm sorry, - but I know nothing about this. - Ameenah, you have a degree in early childhood education. Clearly, you care about young people. Something happened at that Youth Center that caused you to quit. Now, I think it's the same thing that caused several of these boys like Moe to disappear. These same young men are about to murder a federal agent, and they will be terrorists. This is your chance to save a lot of lives. There was a man... who started to teach religious studies... that became more and more radical. Safar Jadallah? Yeah, we picked him up a while back. Who else? There was another man who started to come around after Safar got arrested. He was very angry that Safar was gone. I think he donated money to the Center. His name was Kalil. I don't know his last name. I'm sorry. I must get back to work. Shukran jazeerun. Al'afw. - Yo. - <i>Eric, it's Callen.</i> I need everything you can find on a guy named Kalil. He was connected with the Youth Center. I have no last name, but I believe he provided funding. Yeah, yeah. His name's in Yari's computer. - You got it working? - <i>Getting there.</i> Yeah, here it is. Kalil Abramson. Heavy hitter in commercial real estate. Single, envious bank account. One outstanding parking ticket for an expired meter on Robertson. Find him. - Here you are, sir. - Okay. Kalil Abramson. Federal agents. We'd like to ask you some questions concerning your involvement with the Ethiopian Youth Organization. It's one of my pet projects. I'm very active in youth and environmental issues. But please have a seat, join us. It's not a good idea, considering your credit cards have been frozen, along with the rest of your assets. I'm sorry. I don't understand. We'll explain after you come with us. I don't mean to be rude, but I'm in the middle of a business meeting. - Then why did you ask us to join you? - I was being polite. Well, I'm not. You're under arrest on charges of knowingly funding terrorist activities. Well, then, I'm very glad that I'm here in the company of my attorneys. We're going to need a new camera. Kalil Abramson was tipped off. He was surrounded by a wall of lawyers before we even got to him. He's not going to help us if it means implicating himself. He might if it mitigates charges of conspiracy, terrorism and the murder of a federal agent. There's no murder. Dom isn't dead. Stop referring to him in the past tense. It was just a worst-case scenario for Abramson. Forget about worst-case scenarios. There's only one-case scenario. That's finding and rescuing Dom. Moe once told me he felt safest with his friends at the Youth Center. Maybe he's still in touch with them. If they were culling potential Jihadists from the Youth Center, it makes sense - they'd want young men like Moe... - There's a SEAL team on standby aboard the USS Cole. They're off the Horn of Africa as part of NATO's Operation Ocean Shield. The minute we give them a location, they'll hit it hard. I've called in every favor I can think of. I don't think I can go through this again. - We're going to find him, Hetty. - Do you really believe that? Because we're not going to stop looking until we do. I'm going to hold you to that. Extreme situations occasionally require extreme measures, Mr. Callen. But at the end of the day, one's methods are seldom questioned when they bring about the necessary results. Keep moving. Where did you learn to speak English? Television. What's your favorite show? What's your name? You shouldn't have done that. Why? You're just going to kill me anyway. - That's not certain. - My country... does not negotiate with terrorists. So if you don't help me escape, you'll be a murderer, too. And I know you don't want my blood on your hands. How do you know that? Because you're talking to me... in English. - You know this man? - No. Do you know this guy? No. One of you tipped off Kalil Abramson. Don't look at me, man. What the hell are you doing? I want to know which one of you tipped off Kalil. I don't even know who that is. And I've never seen this guy before in my life. Tell him. I don't know you, do I? I didn't know that guy, and I didn't tip off Kalil. - I swear to God. - Whose god would that be? What makes you think I believe in any of them? You can't do this. I've done nothing. That's exactly what he said. - Please. I... I can help you. - You don't know anything. And unfortunately, you just saw me kill a man. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I know about Mowadh Dusa and the other boys who left the Center and went to Chad. - You know where they are? - No. Do you know where they're holding Agent Vail? But I know who does... Kalil Abramson. He paid to recruit the young men to become Jihadis. He bought their plane tickets, their training. He even paid the Colombians to kidnap the agent. He's the man behind all this. He knows where your friend is. - Agent Nassir, you all right? - Fine. - Did he talk? - Yeah. - Kalil Abramson's behind all of this. - What about his lawyers? It's gonna take more than lawyers to save him this time. Anything else from the TAJ terrorists? Messages? Videos? - Anything? - Nothing. We've got less than 40 minutes until our 24-hour deadline. What else have you got on Abramson? You get anything of Yari's computer? Money trail's hard to follow. Kalil's been very careful. Also, he's also been traveling, a lot. Mostly in Europe, but on April 6, he hops a plane from Athens to Cairo. Then he goes from Egypt to Khartoum in Sudan, and then, pops up in Asmara, Eritrea. He's there for a couple days, then goes to someplace called Berbera in Somalia, - before heading into Yemen. - It's a terrorist tour group. Sudan, Eritrea and Somalia are the same three countries thought to hold training camps for Talib al Jihadiya. Dom's in one of those camps, and Kalil Abramson knows which one. - Can you turn on Kalil's cell phone? - Way ahead of you. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to pick up any audio. His phone's at his house in Malibu. - Hasn't moved in several hours. - Son of a bitch is sleeping - while Dom's about to be executed. - I'm open to ideas, guys. Think. We're running out of time. What about extraordinary rendition? No. Kalil Abramson obtained his American citizenship six years ago. Citizenship can be revoked for acts of treason. Rarely and only after a lengthy process. I've secured a fully crewed, fully fueled C-130 at Edwards Air Force Base. If you were to put Kalil Abramson on that plane under the guise of an unlawful enemy combatant, which he is, for all intents and purposes... On his way to a black site for interrogation. I've heard rumors that Bondsteel in Kosovo is particularly ugly. You're suggesting torture by proxy? No. Of course not. But if Kalil thinks that is what is happening, well, I'm sure he'll start talking - before you hit Barstow. - None of which would hold up in court. This isn't about building a court case. This is about rescuing Dom. Whether you rescue Dom or not, Kalil and his lawyers will come after us with a vengeance, and Abramson will walk because of it. Not to mention, something like this could end the career of everyone in this room. Saving a fellow agent is more important than any career, Nate. I'm with Sam. Me, too. Someone once told me that extreme situations occasionally call for extreme measures. What the hell? I really wanted to be a magician anyway. Far be it from me to thwart your dreams of a career in prestidigitation, Mr. Getz, but if anyone is going to take the fall for this, it will be me. He's in motion... Kalil... he's moving. Let's do it. - Do you know how much time I have? - No. Wait. I want to send a message to my parents. I can't help you with that. I'm sorry. Eat your breakfast. He's turning onto Broadway. Looks like he's stopping. Eric, he's headed into the Palace Theater. It's kind of early for a matinee. Kalil Abramson bought that theater a few years ago. Supposedly he's turning it into a center for the performing art Wonderful. The proceeds from tonight's performance of Equus will be donated to help support your local Taliban. We need to keep an open line to the USS Cole.</i> The minute we get Kalil to tell us where Dom</i> - <i>is they have to scramble that SEAL.</i> - Copy that. - We could use a layout of this place. - Will do. Got it. Is anybody out there?! We've got shots fired. - <i>Sounds like it came from above.</i> - I'll see if I can find a camera. I found a couple of security cameras on the building next door.</i> I'm trying to access them now. My God. Kensi, what is it? I'm in the room where they were holding Dom. This is where they shot the video. Callen, he never left L.A. I've got two camera feeds. They're from the roofs next door.</i> Moe, wait a minute. I've got Dom. He's on the roof. - Dom is on the roof. - Moe is here, too. He's one floor above you, G. I'm going to the roof. I got him, I got Dom. He's alive. Come on! Get down! - Come on! - <i>Zoom in on camera B.</i> - You got a shooter on the roof. - Yeah, tell me about it. Kalil's in the stairwell. - You okay? - Yeah. I knew you guys would find me. Look out! No! Dom! Dom's been hit! Dom's hit! He's down! Dom's down! Eric, Medivac, now. - Right. - Hang in there, buddy. I'm pinned down! Kalil's down! All clear! - Medivac is en route. - Keep your eyes open. Come on! Hang in there, Dom! Come on. They got his femoral artery. - Where's the damn Medivac?! - Medivac's on their way. Come on! All you're doing is pumping out what blood's left in his body. - Come on, Dom, fight, man! - Sam... - He's gone, Sam. - I ain't giving up on him, G.