As they prepare to infiltrate a group of suspected gun runners. Going after criminals is one thing, But going after those who deal in weapons practically guarantees a violent confrontation. These agents have no idea. Just how much firepower they're going to have to go up against. Everything from machine guns to grenades and even rocket launchers have been used against them. Agents have breached the door and are storming inside. I'm not hearing any shots fired, they go from room to room right now, looking for guns and perps. - All clear! - That's us. Let's go. Alpha team all clear. Building's secure. Copy that, alpha team. We're gonna need a forensic unit in here. Copy. They're already dead. My god, they're already dead. Cut it. I said cut it. What the hell happened here? .: Team UnderCovers :. NCIS Los Angeles 1x14 - LD50 - Morning, Hetty. Where is everybody? Upstairs waiting to be briefed on a case. - Waiting for who? - For you. - Okay. - But first, You owe me some paperwork. I already dropped that report off. Everyone received a list of potential new recruits, And everyone has returned his recommendation but you. We don't need a new recruit. Dom is missing, not dead. I'm not trying to replace agent Vail. I'm trying to give the team the support it needs until his return. This isn't an office job, Hetty. We don't need a temp. You're right, this isn't an office job. I'll get to it when I have a chance. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Have a good day. I will. Now, you want me to go upstairs or not? I'm sorry I had bothered you with this. You're not bothering me. My mistake. My experience has been that your need to get in the last word is a sign of annoyance. She found you. - She always does. - Yeah. Go ahead, Eric. Night before last, the reality TV show "On the Line!" was following ATF agents on a raid of suspected gun runners, when they found this. Five dead, no obvious signs of death. Two in Marine uniforms. Uniforms are authentic, the men are not. - They're not Marines? - Not even close. Both guys are career criminals. I know that guy. Ian Albers. Small-time con. We bust him before? Nope, not according to his record. Maybe one of those militia guys we rounded up in bush a few months back? No. I remember the guys I bust. But I've met him somewhere. If these guys aren't real Marines, it isn't our problem. - LAPD should be handling it. - They are. But, Director Vance wants to know why these two criminals were impersonating Marines With very authentic looking military IDs, and what the hell they were up to. He wants assurances that the security of our bases has not been compromised. What is this place? Eric said it was registered to a "La Grange enterprises". Turns out it was a bogus company. It's a lab, but they weren't making meth. Not with what they have here. So what were they cooking? I don't know. Maybe something that killed them. A drug overdose would show up on an autopsy. - So would a communicable disease. - Fumes of some sort? Which brings me back to my first question: What were they making and where is it? Someone cleaned this place out. Someone who didn't get killed. What was with the Marine uniforms? You know, feel free to chime in here anytime. Looks like those men weren't the only ones who died here. - Yeah? - <i>Hey, Callen, it's Kensi.</i> Eric and I have been sifting through the electronic records of the dead men. We found a vector between a recurring phone number and GPS activity of one of their vehicles. - You have an address? - <i>Yeah, it's...</i> 299 north Sierra Bonita. Owner's name is Balmore. Great. Have a HazMat team come out here and sweep this place. HazMat? - Callen, what did you guys find? - I don't know. If you and Sam have been exposed, the medical officermust look at you. Your health could be at risk. You know what? So could yours if you keep eating the burritos. How did you... The cheese makes your voice phlegmy. Not good.</i> Got 13 birds, two squirrels. What are the chances these guys were cooking up some sort of chemical weapon? I sure I hope not. Because if they were, then we've been exposed to it. It's a nice neighborhood. I hate to see small-time cons hanging out around here. Yeah, small-time cons aren't running this operation, whatever it is. The lawn could use a rake. What a mess. Mrs. Balmore? I'm just all butterfingers today. I just have to clean this up. I'm Special Agent Sam Hanna. Special Agent G. Callen. - Could we ask you a few questions? - Well, of course, dear. But I need to clean this up. It was full of sugar water for the hummingbirds. So, if I don't hose it off right now, It's going to be like <i>Leiningen versus the Ants</i> back here. - Let me help you with that. - Oh, thank you very much. Do you recognize these men? I know Corporal Ames. And that's Corporal Bishop. They're my Marine Corps drivers. - Where did they drive you? - The research facility. I wasn't supposed to say that. It's classified. National Security. You can tell us. We're NCIS. You are? - How's your research going? - Very well. I thought I would be rusty after all of these years, but I was able to isolate several grams of clostridium botulinum last week. Botulism? Most dangerous toxin known to man. Would either of you gentlemen like some lemonade? - Excellent, what about CDC? - <i>I never wanted to be an Army wife,</i> but I was in love with my husband. - There you go. - You're so kind. Thank you, Steve. It was Sam, ma'am. - You're welcome. - Sam. I'm so sorry. Sometimes I think I'd forget my head if it wasn't attached. It's fine. It's okay. So, you enlisted and wound up working in the Army's medical unit? Yes. Now, that was an old boy's network back then. That was so nice of Steve to bring tea. Are you married? - Let's talk about... - A handsome young man like yourself? I work a lot. That was Kensi. The coroner has confirmed it was botulinum poisoning. Director Vance, Homeland Security and CDC have all been alerted, along with local medical services. And HazMat's doing a sweep of Esther's place. Who knows what else granny was cooking up there. Should Nate be wearing a mask? No, he's safe. You don't catch botulism from other people, But we might have been exposed because we were in the lab. You feeling okay? Yeah, nothing a couple weeks of vacation can't cure. I hear that. You're very tall. My husband Marty was tall. He died of a heart attack at Santa Anita several years ago. He loved the ponies. Let's talk about your work at Fort Detrick in the late '60s. Bacterial purification. The work we did revolutionized the production of antibiotics and other drugs. And what about your most recent work? I'm long retired. And your research at the lab? Lab? Where your two drivers took you? I forgot about that. I helped them isolate proteins. A neurotoxic protein produced by the bacterium C... botulinum? Yes, of course. That's it. Thank you for reminding me. Why did they need the botulinum toxin? Antidote research. So our boys in uniform will be safe. She seems like just a sweet old lady. She is a sweet old lady. Someone tricked her into creating biochemical weapons. Would you excuse me a moment? Well? I think she's delightful and... extremely dangerous. She's suffering from Alzheimer's. She remembers the '60s and '70s in vivid detail, but has memory lapses about more recent events. All right, well, it is one thing to forget to feed your dog, it's another when you forget security protocols, and you're dealing with bioweapons. She may be responsible for those men's deaths. Or... The person behind this use what she created to tie up the loose ends. And if that's the case, she could be in danger. Botulinum is a neurotoxin protein. Very popular in Hollywood, where it is known as botox. Kills the muscles that cause wrinkles for that "don't I look 20 even though I'm 50?" look. It can also paralyze your breathing muscles, and you suffocate to death. In fact, it is the deadliest substance known to man. The housewives of Beverly Hills should be classified as biochemical weapons. Do you guys know what LD50 is? It's the median lethal dose: The amount of toxin needed to kill half the people exposed. Lower the LD50, the more dangerous the substance. Exactly. Now, the botulinum toxin has the lowest LD50 there is. So... a sample only... this small could kill up to a quarter million people. And if what Esther told us is accurate, then she isolated enough to kill ten times that. She's like the evil Martha Stewart. Only she's not evil. She's vulnerable because of her Alzheimer's, and whoever's behind this knew that. They sought her out and tricked her into thinking that her expertise was needed for National Security. Yeah, she's an easy mark but an unreliable witness. Poor thing. She must have enjoyed the company and attention. The real question is, who's behind this, and where the hell is the toxin? We may have a lead. Remember this guy, Ian Albers? I've been trying to. Well, he used to be a bouncer at club Halo for our old pal, I knew I recognized him. Maybe he's moved on from blackmail to dealing in bioweapons. You think Dallas is behind this? If he is, he's going to wish he wasn't. Dallas closed the Halo club after the Safar incident. He's been keeping a low profile since. Apparently, not low enough. The dude's already proven he has friends in high places. And low places. He's going to call his buddies to shut us down, like last time. - He's not going to cooperate. - At least not willingly. And get this. Supposedly, he replaced his security with a bunch of retired East German secret police. The latest Hollywood accessory, a special ops security team. Hetty, any suggestions on getting Dallas? Yes. I suggest we don't have this conversation. Forget diamonds, in this business, plausible deniability is a girl's best friend. Now... Sit down and say, "ah". Hetty, honestly... I'm fine. Asset protection is part of my responsibility, And you are an asset. When you're not being a pain in the asset. Now, open wide. What was that for? It's a healthy gag reflex. It's the first thing to go in botulinum poisoning. Stop laughing. You're next. Dallas hid his electronic footprint pretty well. He was hard to find. For the record, I walked away 30 seconds ago. He always was careful. Last time, we had to go to his club just to look at his computer. Yeah, but he didn't hide his credit cards. At least not well enough to hide them from Eric. Apparently, the crime syndicate is recession-proof. Five days a week, Dallas has been getting massages at a place called the "Ahimsa retreat". - What is that? - A wonderful day spa. They have the best foot rescue packages. It's like sending your toes to Heaven. I'm not through with either of your evaluations. Hetty, we're both fine. We really need to move on this. Well, then, you'll just have to make it quick. - You look good in a robe. - I look good in anything. - Ready? - Yeah. - What the hell? - Relax. Don't be so tense. You have no idea who you're dealing with. Come on. Are you stupid, Dallas? You think this is a random robbery? You're butt naked. I have friends. Lots and lots of friends. Right now, all you have is a gun pointed at your head. What do you want? I want information on biochemical weapons, Specifically botulinum toxin. - Come on, I'm not involved... - I didn't ask you If you're involved. I said I want information. Now, you got 2 seconds to come clean, or I guarantee this massage won't have a happy ending. I don't mess with that crap. But there's a guy. He's called the Dutchman. Supposedly, he's made some, now he's selling. That's all I know. I swear to God. God doesn't like when you swear to him. And I don't like to be lied to. Now, if I have to come back here if I find out you played me, I'm going to shiatsu your ass into dog food. You hear me? Make sure you drink plenty of water. Stay facing down. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you... the Dutchman. Aka Jacobus Troyger, aka Sebastian Boon, aka Jurgen Vanderveer, aka yada yada. The guy's got more aliases than Callen. Somehow, I doubt that. European terrorist. Technically, he's an arms dealer. He sells weapons to radicals and insurgents. - Ipso facto, he's a terrorist. - And he's in L.A. I haven't been able to find any record of him entering the country. He probably used an alias that wasn't on our watch list, then entered through a port which doesn't have a facial recognition system in place. If he's staying to sell his bioweapon, there's a good chance people come to buy it. I'll check with Homeland Security and border control. I'll contact Interpol, see if they picked up any chatter or tracked any movement overseas. Eric, check the flight manifests, port surveillance. We might just get lucky. Mr. Callen, a moment. If she puts on her rubber gloves, run. Hetty, I appreciate the concern, but I draw the line at turning my head and coughing. I'm going to pretend you didn't say that. Now, first, how is our elderly bioweaponeer, Esther Balmore? - Getting her medical evaluation. - Oh, good. That was first. What's second? Your partner. Sam has been reluctant to weigh in on the selections for a temporary agent. Sam doesn't play well with others, and he doesn't like to share his toys. But times like these only emphasize the void left... by the absence of Agent Vail, however temporary. Sam is eternally hopeful that Dom is going to return to his post. Sam sees the glass as half full. I see it as half empty. It's why we make a good team. Kensi, just drinks right out of the bottle. Nate wonders why it's a glass, and Eric breaks the glass - by putting his feet up on the table. - Nevertheless, I want his input, if only to begin to move him forward. Maybe you could give him a little... nudge. Big guy does not like to be nudged. I'll be gentle. Thank you. Tell me something good. Sam was right. Interpol has various persons of interest who were stopped boarding planes bound for L.A. - In Berlin, London and Madrid. - We put LAX on full alert. And we got a hit. Simon Amputuan. He's a Filipino militant with ties to Abu Sayyaf. Also known as Al-harakat Alislamiyya, or Islamic Movement. They've been waging a bloody campaign of kidnappings, bombings and assassinations in their fight for an independent Muslim state in the Philippines. Call ICE... hold Amputuan for questioning, and have Nate meet us at the boathouse. I don't know any Dutchman. You realize you're on a terrorist watch list, Mr. Amputuan? There are many Amputuans in the Philippines. You must be mistaking me for someone else. I've heard there are well over a million people on those watch lists. It must be easy to make mistakes. What about your involvement with the militant group, Abu Sayyaf? Again, I'm afraid you have the wrong information. I run a business call center. Great. He's not just a terrorist, he's a telemarketer. That's almost worse. I don't appreciate your racial profiling. This isn't about race, Mr. Amputuan. It's about terrorism, like your involvement with the 2004 SuperFerry bombing, killing 116 people. That was a tragedy that had nothing whatsoever to do with me. Clock's ticking, Nate. - Time to turn up the heat. - Please. Okay, here's the deal, Simon. The Dutchman was arrested this morning, - and he started naming names. - But I told you, I don't know him. Really? 'cause if you didn't know the guy, then you would've at least been curious to see who I was talking about. Sorry. Too late. So, you're either going to cooperate and work with us, or you're going to get fingered by Jacobus, or whatever name you know him by. I would feel better if I was provided with legal counsel, from here on in, just so as to ensure there are no... misunderstandings. Fortunately for us, you're an unlawful combatant. Unfortunately, the boys at Guantanamo Bay have no vacancy. So much for that sunny Caribbean getaway. We do know some Mossad agents that would gladly buy you an all-expense-paid trip to Tel Aviv. Can you say, "Shalom"? Okay. There is a rumor that the Dutchman is auctioning off the botulinum toxin. Where? I don't know. You've come a long way to not know where you're going. I didn't say I was here for the auction. I said I heard rumors of it. I also heard of a rendezvous point. I imagine it could be someplace where... a would-be bidder could be picked up and taken to the proceedings. You ever meet the Dutchman? - No. I told you... - Yeah. You know what? We got it. We want an address, we want code words, and everything else you've heard rumors about. What if the Dutchman's seen pictures of Amputuan? He must have screened these guys. I'll go in as his muscle. I'm gonna review the files, learn the history, his associates. - Know it cold. - I don't like this. I don't, either, but the auction's today. We don't have time to plan anything else. Besides, I'm the only one vaccinated for botulism. Seals are inoculated for everything, except suicidal tendencies. And he knows I'm right, or else he'd argue to go instead of me. I don't want either of you to go. Relax. Sam's the best man for this job. What's the worst thing that could happen? I don't know. Let's see... Sam gets made, they kill him. Then you, Kensi and the others storm the place, and he releases the toxin, killing... all of you and half of Los Angeles? Which half? I'm going to go brief the Director. You have had your shots, right? Yeah, I had a shot. Annual boosters? I go suit up. The vest is tight. It's rubbing. Well, better chafed than dead, I say. The camera is right here. They'll probably sweep you, so the electronics we're providing you with can be remotely activated and deactivated so as not to be detected, all right? Eric, let's give it a try. Turning Sam on now. Scary. They'll take your phone and any gun so I'm providing you with this. It's a ballistics briefcase. It'll stop most bullets. Inside are $3 million dollars in marked bearer bonds. And twist, pull... and <i>voilà</i>! A ceramic blade. That's it? No, you know, parachute or shark repellent? I put that in your shoes. Botulinum protocols? Ingest it or inhale it, you die. Get it in an open wound, you die. Let's hope the vaccine works. I almost forgot. In here is an ampule of an experimental antidote. Click for the needle. If you're exposed, use it just for good measure. Callen and the rest will be running a box around you the entire time. Keep it loose. No helicopters. These guys will be paranoid. You're not ready? You take longer to get dressed than Kensi. I have been ready for five minutes. Let's do it. Sam looks like he's getting impatient. He is. And in about ten seconds, he's gonna complain about it. They're late. You guys know each other pretty well? We should. We've been together longer than most married couples in this town. You worried about him? Right now, I'm worried about all of us. Yeah. What if Amputuan lied? - <i>Hollywood boulevard?</i> - Sorry. I'm not from around here. Oh. Where are you from? Lots of places. What's your name? None of your business. He was grabbed at the airport. I beg your pardon? Amputuan. I got through. I'm authorized to negotiate on his behalf. Sorry. I don't know what you're talking about. I have 3 million dollars in bearer bonds that says your boss does. Excuse me. Think he bought it? We'll find out soon. Follow me, please. That's it. Close it up. I'm so sorry for the hood, mister... Cook. Felix Cook. That's him. That's the seller, Jacobus Troyger, the Dutchman. Just one more little security protocol. Blondie patted me down pretty good back there. What do they say during those American football broadcasts? Any recording of this game without the NFL's consent is prohibited. Same courtesy applies here. Okay. Cut his equipment. Let's hope we can get him back again. He's good. Thank you. Please. LAPD, Swat and HazMat are en route. Rendez-vous is at 7th and Santa Fe. Nolan, you coordinate with Swat. I want them in position, stay out of sight until we go in. Morris... you got HazMat. They got to be right on our heels. I don't need anyone else dying. Start on the rear, move forward. All right, let's go. Eric, - <i>what's it looking like in there?</i> - Without Sam's feed, we're blind. Turn him back on. Troyger must be employing a jamming device. I can enhance this later, but for the live op, this is it. He look familiar to you? You're gonna have turn a little more, Sam.</i> That's it. My, my. Benno Dragovic. Supplies Serbian mercenaries worldwide. There are a lot of people in Washington who will want to see what we've stumbled upon here. We're not seeing any more cars come in, Sam. You think the gang's all here? Looks like this party's starting. What kind of firepower we talking about, Sam? You ever see <i>The Dirty Dozen</i>? A dozen? You ready? Let's do it. Tracking. All teams moving into position. Welcome. In 1969, when the U.S. Army stopped making biochemical weapons, They were far more advanced than they admitted publicly.</i> I have recruited an Army scientist that remembers the recipes. On offer today... a botulinum that is highly flexible. It can be vaporized against troops on the battlefield. Or you can spread it on bullets, and even a flesh wound becomes lethal. Abu Nassim, the old warhorse. He's not on Troyger's list of known associates. Oh, sure he is. Abu Nassim Isn't a name. It's an honorific, from a culture where older people are revered with marks of respect. His name is Sadiki Hassan. He's on there, your honor lady lange. This party favor is a vaccine to the botulinum. Uncle Sam would never let you have this. I hope we don't need it. Now get in position. Now... you should all know the value of what you are buying. And as many of you will resell in your various markets, I thought a demonstration would add value. What kind of demonstration? The kind that makes international news.</i> The Mall. Is there a more iconic place of American consumerism? Within the hour, an associate of mine will deploy just a few micrograms of the botulinum, Cut with a vaporizing powder that will carry it throughout the Mall. What Mall? I can't tell what we're looking at. Where is that? Here, in Los Angeles. But don't worry, Mr. Cook. You are safe here. Yeah? What if I want to do a little shopping before I go home? Is that the Hollywood town center? Or is it the Sunset avenue Mall? Let's just concentrate on the shopping in here first, shall we? Assault teams back to covert positions. Eric, Kensi and I will take the Hollywood town center. Send agents over to Sunset. And HazMat teams to both places. I'm already on it. I don't want to spook Troyger. Nobody makes a move on the warehouse till we find this guy at the Mall. Big guy, I got some bad news. You're going to have to stall for a while.</i> As you all know, the bidding will begin at 1 million dollars. Excuse me. I'm sorry. But I'm concerned about your demonstration. We still have to get this stuff out of the country. If a whole bunch of people get killed in a biochemical attack, they're going to lock the whole city down. You would rather pay several million dollars for something that, as far as you know, could be crushed aspirin? Does anyone else share Mr. Cook's concerns? Apparently, you are the only one who seems to be bothered by this, Mr. Cook. And why is that? I just want to do this smart. Seriously, are we here to buy weapons or for you to perv on me? 'cause if these pants come off, I want a discount. A big discount. You know what I'm saying? All I know is that you are a very stupid man. I'm stupid? At least I don't have these two in the same room. Dragovic there killed Hassan's boy. - Don't listen to him. - Chechnya, 2002. Hassan's boy is over there, paying his jihadi dues, Ol'Drago was running black ops for... Putin. Code name: Crusader. Sheitan. You still haven't done me the courtesy. I'm a ghost. Put your hands behind your back and shut up! I'm not seeing anyone from the file of known associates at either place. Nobody acting like they're about to kill hundreds of people. Any luck there, Hetty? Working on it. I can't do this. I mean, all those people and it's my fault. Esther, try not to think about why. Let's pretend that we are looking for... old friends. Our friend that we're looking for would be right there. Now, who do you know? Listen to you using the objective case properly. Look! That's Captain Hogue! There, there with the backpack. Hollywood town center. Eric, could you go back to the last feed? Callen, level six. Tall, Caucasian male, 30s, bald, yellow backpack. Can't see him. Guys, he's forcing himself to walk casually, but he's trying to hide an adrenaline surge. This guy is moments away from deploying. I got him. He's heading for the food court. I just take this for a second. Thank you. Oh, my gosh, I am so sorry. Everybody, down! Everybody, down! Keep the vial in the water! Keep it out of the air. We stay right here till HazMat scrubs us. I hate needles! It's the antidote, G. I just saved your life. I didn't get a warning? Oh, now I got to warn you to save your life? Just keep the vial in the water! Understood, Director. That's why I like my job. Okay, got it. The FBI's doing the press conference announcing the arrests of Troyger and the others. And stealing our credit? That was all us. Sam and you and me. Right. But, we don't exist. That's why you like your job, because we don't exist. I like my job 'cause I do press conferences. It's true, you do have a better face for radio. Ms. Blye, if you touch that thermostat, It'll be to turn it down. But I'm cold and Callen was pushed in a fountain today. Which is exactly why we need cost cutting. The Koi fish in that fountain went belly up from the botulinum. Oh, dear, one so rarely uses that phrase literally. Poor things. Anyway, the Mall has billed us $72,000. - For fish?! - Yes. You know what I could buy with that? I have a pretty good idea. Apparently, they're a prized lineage of Taisho Sanke from Japan. Dead fish will be here in the morning so I can see them for myself. What? I know the difference between Koi and carp and crap. All done. My psychological evaluation of Esther Balmore. And my strong recommendation that she not be charged. She thought she was serving her country. She won't be charged. That's not all. She needs, someone to adjust her medications, consistent home nursing... I'll take care of it. You've come to offer to call the ADA for Esther Balmore. Because... you think watching an old lady go batty has set off a nerve in me. I came for a cup of tea because I'm cold. You know, in nursing homes, they only have tea in bags. It just tastes like paper. When the time comes, I'll bring you the good stuff. Smuggle it in if I have to. Go in undercover... As an orderly? Whatever you need. You know... It's not the loneliness I fear. But you are scared of something. Yes. Spilling everything I know. All my secrets being blathered out into a world that should never hear them. So, when the time comes, as you put it, there's something you can do. You can smother me with a pillow. Make sure it's synthetic. I'm allergic to feathers. Okay. Oh, the birds will be so happy! The delivery man just left them out front, and I just couldn't move them. You are so kind, Steve. That's not it. What is it, dear? I'm Sam. Sam! Right. Say... - Sam. - Yes? This stone fountain. Don't you think it would look better if it was over there? Sure. Piece of cake, Esther. Oh, careful, Steve!