That's why I became a P.I. 22 years ago,I took a case that changed my life forever. someone took my daughter. Everything's gonna be all right. You're not gonna do this. over the years,I tried to stay close,in case she needed me. We make a good team. Beth doesn't remember me from back then,and I'm the one who rescued her. were you married? She's dead. How did that happen? You don't know,do you? I get shot. Occupational hazard. And even though I don't ha tveo worry about lead poisoning, there is maintenance to be done. Aside from silver buckshot,vampires can actually just leave a bullet in. Bullets,shrapnel-- it doesn't matter. But try getting through a metal detector with that in you. Our skin reforms-- perfect. Clean slate. But those old wounds-- they still ache sometimes. in an internet news exclusive,"buzzwire" is one of only five... you humans have your own coping mechanisms when something goes wrong. Some of you obsess,some become vengeful... charismatic cult leader and mass murderer donovan shepherd's long stay on death row comes to an end in just 20 minutes... and of course,some of you block the whole thing out. Officials had hoped that staging the execution at midnight would reduce the number of clashing death penalty protestors-- more importantly,the number of what shepherd calls his "family." D.A.Quinlan,do you feel that justice is being served tonight? Absolutely. This man ruined a lot of lives. Hopefully,his death will provide some closure. Why are none of the people shepherd calls his "family" being admitted into the chamber? The law doesn't recognize a bunch of fanatics as family members. Only relatives of the victims of shepherd's rampage,including the lone survivor-- a brave young woman named audrey pell. Thank you. It was ms.Pell's testimony that sealed shepherd's fate. She was only 10 years old when she hid in a closet and watched him murder six people, including her parents. Ms.Pell? I'm beth turner. I'm not giving any interviews. Oh,I just--I just wanted to see if you were okay. I don't even know if I can watch. Does it feel like justice? - Yes. I want shepherd gone from this earth for good. Thank you all for being here. I know this is difficult, but I just wanna lay out what's going to happen now. Mr.Shepherd should be done with his last meal by now, and he'll be given a chance to pray. it's time,my son. excuse me. hello,sweetheart. I see you. he can't hurt you anymore. Mr.Shepherd will now be allowed his final words. Power can lead a man down a dangerous path. It can blind him to things like reason,kindness,mercy. I've had many years to think about my actions, my choices,things I've done. I don't regret a bit of it. I seek no forgiveness-- just the blood of those who crossed me. And you know who you are. I will live on,and you... will die screaming my name. donovan shepherd died by lethal injection at 12:04 A.M. His final words were no benediction. "I seek no forgiveness-- just the blood of those who crossed me." "I will live on,and you will die screaming my name." Oh,this is lovely. Are you sure this is okay? You barely know me,and I could just call someone that I know. At 5:00 in the morning? Don't be silly. You don't wanna be on your own tonight. - Yeah. So just make yourself at home,okay? Thank you so much. hello? hello,sweetheart. I see you. Andrey, are you ok? Shepherd. Beth,I saw shepherd. Honey,there's no one there. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Moonlight Season01 Episode08</font> donovandhepher s was out there. You believe me,right? Audrey,we saw him die. Look,you got an untraceable phone call from some idiot who freaked you out. No. He said the exact words he used 14 years ago. "Hello,sweetheart.I see you." I never told anyone he said that to me,not even at the trial. That means it had to be him,right? Maybe not. You've heard of post-traumatic stress,right? Oh,it's not my imagination. No,I'm not saying it is, but maybe seeing shepherd at the execution brought back memories and made you hear those things. You sound like you know something about it. Well,we have more in common than you think. I was kidnapped when I was 4. I don't remember much,not faces. But I-I do have dreams... and,uh,flashes. Sometimes they can seem very real. So you keep reliving your past? more like I block it out. It's the only way I can keep sane. I just... I wanna feel safe. Come on in. Well,it sounds like you guys had a pretty rough night,huh? What makes you think I can help? Well,I realized she might have actually seen someone out there. Shepherd has a lot of followers. If you'd have seen the guys outside the prison... I watched your report. It certainly was a rainbow coalition of psychos. It's chaos here as police escort witnesses inside... see the guys with the infinity scars? - Yeah They call themselves shepherd's "family." So have any of these guys bothered you in the past? There are always crank calls and letters, online stuff,usually when shepherd was up for parole, but no one has ever followed me home before. Hey,it's okay. I'm going to look into this,okay? Thank you. Okay. it's my grandmother. everyone's worried,like I'm made of glass. excuse me. - Go ahead. she's gonna stay with me tonight until we know what's going on. She's really gotten under your skin,hasn't she? Yeah. There's something in her eyes. It's like she hasn't had a decent night's sleep for 14 years. I could have been her,you know,after the kidnapping. You're a survivor,beth. Yeah,but it's ironic. Audrey's demon was in prison,and she never felt safe. The police never found the woman who took me, but somehow I always felt safe. So about tonight... uh,I can park outside your house,keep an eye out. I am a night person,after all. No,I'll be okay. - Okay. I'm gonna start online,check out shepherd's family. so how do you know mick? Um,we worked on a case together a couple of months ago, and,um,we kinda stayed in touch. And there's nothing going on there? I only ask because I noticed the extra toothbrush in the bathroom. Oh,that's josh'S. Who,your boyfriend? Yeah. Things are a little... iffy right now. He's out of town. I've kind of been,uh,distracted. oh,it's "buzzwire" again. *********** beth,I don't wanna get you in trouble with your work. If you need to go in,please go. I'll be fine. I'll veg out,watch "pride & prejudice" again. Okay,well,I just have to post the execution follow-up, pick up a couple of photos,and I'll be back about 10:00. Get out of here. See ya. - Bye. Donovan shepherd was big for a while. He had the grunge charm of kurt cobain and the media savvy of donald trump. A lot of people thought he was the voice of a generation. It's too bad he went manson in the end. Irony is,even after being executed for murdering six people, he's more popular than ever. lot of lost souls took shepherd's call for blood seriously-- family values at its worst. 1050 ventana was the address of the '93 massacre. It was also the user name of someone who posted unlisted information on the D.A. The judge,every jury member... and beth's address. where audrey staying SCREAM MY NAME I'm back. no! You're dead! who the hell are you? That's not the same guy I saw outside. It's gotta be. I'd pick him out of a lineup for shepherd. He's even got the scar. Shouldn't we call the police? I think mick wanted to talk to him alone. You can't do this. I have rights. Yeah? You broke into a private home. I have the right to shoot you. I'm still considering that option. you're not a cop. That's right,so I don't have to fill out paperwork in triplicate when I kick your ass again. Did you follow them home after the execution and call audrey? No. Do you know 1050ventana.Com? Whose web site is that? A prophet doing shepherd's work. Go ahead. Put me in jail. Others will come,continue the work,and she'll die. You call your troops off. I wouldn't know how. You'll never know the love that shepherd teaches-- the loyalty. So enlighten me. Soon you can see for yourself. One of the biggest producers in town is a friend of shepherd'S. He's gonna make a movie! Sometimes I hate living in hollywood. I thought about being an actor back in the '70s, but I think I really just wanted to be steve mcqueen. There is a difference. producer's name was jerry drake. I guess he's a big deal,but I don't really read the trades. Hi. Is mr.Drake here,please? Maybe. Do you have an appointment? ********To see him. follow me. Boy. Too bad he couldn't afford the place with a view,huh? Do you want something to drink? No,thank you. horrible what happened on ventana drive. it's funny how one tragedy can ruin a word forever. "Ventana" just means "window" in spanish. And a "columbine" used to just be a flower. So,mr.St.John,my time is money. I know a lot of people say that, but I actually had my accountant run the numbers. You're 10 grand in the hole. Wow,and me without my checkbook. I'm interested in your donovan shepherd biopic. "Variety" said that you guys were friends, but I don't see those pictures on the wall. Oh,we used to hang out in the '80s. Donny was fun. Then,uh,I got a movie set up,and he got crazy. So were you friends to the end? Enough to get him on the phone when I heard he was recording his memoirs from prison. I thought killers couldn't profit from selling their stories. You don't wanna touch that. This feels real. Is this from that,uh,sword and sandals thing that you did? "Sparta." - "Sparta." That's it. - Yeah. Still the highest opening weekend for a march non-sequel release. Look... donny didn't profit from anything. That $800,000 went into a survivors' fund, and buying his story was just good business. So is inciting people to murder a part of that good business? You didn't hide your I.P.Address as well as you thought. Guess I should've hired the web guy from M.I.T. No,you encouraged those fanatics,and last night, one of them attacked audrey pell. Is she all right? What do you care? Her murder would make a better ending to your biopic,right? I did nothing illegal. Maybe we could find a part for you in the movie. How about this? Anything happens to audrey, and your story is gonna have a whole different ending. And I don't think you'll like it. jerry,here's les. You must be something special. He never has me hold calls. Is that drink still on offer? It's always on until it's off. Wait right here. - Okay. damn. Are you positive you're up for this? - Yeah. Shepherd's gone,but I still feel like I'm losing it. If one of these mug shots is the guy I saw, then maybe I can finally get some closure. Hey,beth. How are you? - Good. I think I've got everything we need. Is the D.A.Ready for us? I just got back. Let me check. Oh,my god. He's back. Audrey's,he's not. - No. Shepherd loves to set the scene. This is how he would do it. If he were alive,but he's not. We just watched him die,remember? - No! if I have done my work wisely and well,my story will have no final chapter. Father garza has told me time and again that it's never too late to change. I say it's never too late to find a way to finish the work I started. Nobody saw or heard anything. But all this blood... yeah,and there's no sign of a body. You know,I really think he's dead. what do you think is going on? I think that shepherd's family is more loyal than we ever thought, and they have a sick sense of irony. The D.A.Got special permission to keep some trial mementos in his trophy case. One of them was the knife shepherd used in '93. Yeah. hey. We got a real problem. I know. The D.A.'S gone missing. He's probably dead. Well,he won't be the last. Where are you? I'm--I'm headed for "buzzwire." I'll see you there. Shepherd's fingerprints were on the bloody knife, but the cops assumed they were old,preserved from the original crime. Yeah,I'm not so sure. Listen to this. Shepherd's memoirs were mostly messianic ramblings, but a couple of days before the execution,everything changed. like saul on the road to damascus,I've seen the light and been given a choice. Death is just a horizon,and I will rise like the sun. Blood is the key to death's locked door. blood is the key? Is that about-- yeah,becoming a vampire. I didn't even consider it. I mean,a vamp couldn't survive long in prison. There's constant supervision,there's no access to blood. So it's not possible? It is possible if it happened right before the execution. So how do you start a manhunt for a dead man? You verify the "dead" part. An executed man's body is held in the prison morgue for ten days. If shepherd's gone vamp,I'll find an empty drawer. Okay. We've got a body. Found the D.A. Shepherd's risen,all right,and he is pissed. When most guys have houseguests,the checklist is obvious. Anything moldy in the fridge? Any private magazines left out? For me,it's a little more complicated. The windows and doors are all reinforced. The locks are 10-inch steel strike dead bolts. There's electronic surveillance on the front door,so you'll be safe. You'll have to excuse the mess. I wasn't expecting company. this is really nice of you. Ah,mi casa es su casa. That's spanish,by the way... for "keep her out of my stuff." don't you think she'd be okay with police protection? I wouldn't be okay with it. Shepherd's a vampire. He knows what he's doing. Finding the D.A.'S dead body at the morgue has made carl convinced that shepherd's family is on the rampage. Good. Let him think that. Why? So long as the cops are going after family members, I can hunt shepherd in peace. In peace. Yeah. I have to go,but I'll be back. Beth is gonna stay here with you. Now,um... if you guys get hungry-- we'll order in. I would recommend not going into the office. Okay. Okay. Or upstairs... or through the gray door. Wow,this all sounds so "alice in wonderland." Beware the bottles that say,"drink me," okay? Has last couple days,shepherd was on display like a lion at the zoo. It's not the easiest place to turn a guy into a vamp. Had to be someone hiding in plain sight. Officer... mick st.John. A P.I.? Yeah. The L.A.P.D.'S stretched pretty thin at the moment, bringing in a couple independents to help with the grunt work. We already have guys looking at the crowd footage. All I know is I'm supposed to watch shepherd's surveillance, look for any unusual activities. It's probably gonna take a couple of hours,so if you could,uh... thank you very much. Vampire visual comprehension is off the chart, so it won't exactly take hours. the priest converted him,all right. Drained him at confession... and turned him at final prayers. So the priest turned him. All those hours spent praying were prepping him for vamp life, explaining the bloodlust,how to get through the execution,escape the morgue. That explains why he didn't eat his last meal. Yeah,well,it wasn't what he was hungry for. anhing good on? Every news channel's got mr.Quinlan's murder. I'm sorry. I know you guys were friends. We weren't friends,exactly. He was just kind to me after shepherd killed my parents. You were so brave to testify. Yeah,I testified. It still didn't get shepherd out of my head. Even now,it's like-- it's like I have some horrible connection with him. You need to break that tie,or he'll never go away. Is that what you did when you said you learned how to block out what happened to you? Um,sort of,but I... I also had something to grab onto. someone-- the man who rescued me,he was fearless. It was terrifying. But as long as I was in his arms,I knew I was safe. Who was it? Well... when I was little,I would call him my guardian angel. When I was a teenager,I used to picture whoever I had a crush on. You know,johnny depp,robert downey jr. And all I got was a 60-year-old balding therapist named bob. doesn't quite seem fair. Well,now you have mick on your side. I feel safe with him. Given the complex history of religion and vampires, a church is not where you'd expect a vamp to find sanctuary. Bless you,my child. Forgive me,father,for I have sinned. It's been about 36 years since my last confession. Well,I'm glad you understand it's never too late. Let's hope not. well,let's see. I cursed and lied to somebody I care about. I'm pretty sure I broke a guy's forearm,too-- the radius,the ulna,one of those two. Physical violence is a sin to be wary of. It's a dangerous stepping-stone to darker deeds. In the past week,I've drunk about 6 pints of human blood. Who are you? I'm the one who wants a confession. If this is about donovan shepherd,I didn't know what he was going to do. When you turn a serial killer,it's not too hard to guess. Where is he now? Where is he now? I can make you talk. I'll answer your questions if you let me go. Why did you do it? Money. For all their faults,humans got one thing right. The $800,000 drake paid for the memoirs. So the survivors' fund is actually a swiss bank account in your name. Cayman islands,but yes. So shepherd and drake are still friends? Actually,shepherd hates drake-- really hates him. He was always complaining how drake abused their relationship, screwed him over in the press. oh,jerry. Was that for me? How--how are you here? You wrote a check,and here I am. Look,donny,I... isn't that what you do-- write checks and make people jump? this time,your money brought back the dead. You--you look good. It's been 14 years. Not like you visited or called. Wait.You--you did call, as soon as you wanted something-- my life story. I thought I'd come in person,give you some visual aids. wh-what are you? Don't be so naive. You make horror movies. Oh,your movie's gonna rock! To humans blood just smells coppery,like a jar of pennies. But to a vamp,it's full of smells... the fear felt when it was shed. And the joy of the one who shed it. Beth,what's wrong? Nothing. Is audrey all right? Yeah,she's sleeping. Where are you? Jerry drake's house. He's dead. I think shepherd's coming after audrey. Do we need to leave? No,it's safer there. I'll be back in ten minutes. Unfortunately,all that fresh blood in the air sometimes makes it hard to distinguish who's still here. hello,sweetheart. I see you. sorry. What are you doing? Oh,uh,nothing. I was just,uh... Looking for something. So you and mick-- I know you say you've only known him a few months, but it seems like you've known each other forever. Why do you say that? I don't know-- the way he looks at you. Can't explain it. someone needs to. Nothing. Where is he? Have you talked to him? Oh,man! beth. I'm trying him again. sounds like he's back. is it him? stay there. Audrey? it's him,isn't it? audrey! Audrey! Did he go up or down? - I don't know. There's someone trying to break in. Go! where's audrey? Blood. You don't seem surprised to see me alive. I know what you are. if you know what I am, why are you fighting when you should be begging? where is she? get out. I thought you were dead. Looks like neither one of us is dying easy. Come on. Two vampires and two lovely ladies-- in my day,we called that a party. Yeah,well,I outgrew that phase. come on! close! hello,sweetheart. I see you. how is she? Sleeping. What did you tell her? As long as shepherd's gone for good,she doesn't need an explanation. But I do. I know who saved me when I was a little girl. I think you've known for a while. Maybe I have. What else do you know? That he had to kill a woman he cared about. Maybe he would have done that anyway. Maybe. But that night he did it to save me. How was I supposed to tell you? Why did you hide it? Made me think it was my imagination? you had every right to be angry. I'm not angry. I found my guardian angel. I just wished... I just wish he'd talk to me. First,I murder my wife,and then I stalk you. It just gets better and better,huh? No. I could've lived my life in fear. But somehow I always felt safe. And now I know why. Now you know why