I did some investigating at "buzz wire," but I'm not a cop. You don't have to be,but you would have to work for me. Mick,Beth...</i> This is Sara--Sara Whitley. (Beth) what happened to her? He tried to turn her. I fed her my blood, but it didn't work. All these years,Josef, you ranting about how It could never work between us and humans. You gonna try and make your thing with Beth work? Children are a part of most normal human relationships. Our relationship being neither normal nor human. But Josef was right. Vampires can't have kids. I just didn't know how much I wanted a family Until I almost had one. Family's not only about d.N.A. Tonight hearst college honors Josef Kostan, Whose generous donation has made possible The Sara Whitley memorial sports arena, The new home of the hearst college Rough riders basketball team! To commemorate this event, we're retiring the jersey Of the young man who led our team To the national championship last year. He may have gone to the pros, but he'll always be Hearst's favorite son. (Laughter) Ladies and gentlemen-- Number 24--Dominic michaels! (Mick) Josef Kostan celebrated as a civic-Minded entrepreneur?</i> Definitely worth putting on the monkey suit for.</i> And of course, there are the fringe benefits.</i> Like spending the evening with Beth. This is great. I feel like I'm back at my high school prom. You know,prom wasn't really big back in the 1700s... High school,either. The plague--The plague was big. So what's your connection to hearst? Did you attend the college? No,no. I founded it. (Chuckles) lost a bet with william randolph. I like the dress. Oh,thank you. Is it valentino? Civil service doesn't pay quite that well. Right. Thank you. So how's the whole civilian investigator thing going? I don't think Mick likes your new boss. He's still trying to decide if Talbot has Romantic intentions towards me. Oh,nice. Mick's not usually the jealous type. Speaking of jealous... ooh,don't worry. Mick isn't suicidal enough To hit on my date. Your date? Let me guess--</i> She was born to hungarian aristocracy in 1715, Danced "swan lake" with the bolshoi ballet Before you turned her? Actually,Simone was born in reseda,1980, And nobody turned her. Your girlfriend's a human? She's not my girlfriend. She's one of my lawyers-- Quite an up-And-Comer, and a very willing source Of liquid refreshment. You drink her blood? Usually only on tuesdays and fridays, But she wanted to come to the party. Simone,this is Beth Turner. Hi. Mick was just telling me about you--All good things. Hi. Josef's just told me about you,too. Oh! Well,if you'll excuse us, time for a drink, And,uh,the champagne just ain't cuttin' it. And we'll be right back. (Lowers voice) she just lets him drink her blood? Yeah,it's not uncommon. A lot of vampires have, uh,human... donors. We call them "freshies." Is it like a paid arrangement, or friends with benefits? Well,it depends on the circumstances. So I s--I suppose you've had freshies. I've been a vampire for over 50 years now. I take that as a yes. How many? I don't know off the top of my head. Not many. Rough guesstimate? (Man) back off,Hank! Dominic,don't! Cool off,Hank,or get out. All right? Who are those two? It's Dominic's managers-- Emma and Jackson monaghan. They've got Josef courtside seats to every laker game Since wilt chamberlain played for them. Dominic's managers are vampires? Yeah. They've been married for something like 150 years. 150 years? That gives a whole new meaning to "till death do us part." You want to dance? Yeah. (Gavin Rossdale - Love Remains The Same) 150 years with one person? That seems like a long time. Well, it depends who you're with. How long were you and coraline married? Technically,33 years, And that did feel like a really long time. But here you are,dipping your toe in the dating pool again. Ah. Do you realize this is our fourth official date? Define "official." Any outing that doesn't involve dead bodies. You are such a romantic. You know that? * to all that we have lost * mistakes we have made * everything will change It's Dominic. Simone! (Simone) I didn't do it. (Mick) I guess this won't be our fourth date after all.</i> www.1000fr.com presents Capt:xxy Sync:kradorer Óêäì ¹âÏË@FRS</font> Moonlight S01E16 Simone? Hi. Hey. D.A. Talbot asked me to speak to you. That's right. And Mick told me that you work for the d.A.'S office. And you used to be a reporter? Mm-Hmm. I think we can both agree that I've got a pretty lame story. I wouldn't want any of my clients going to court with it. But I didn't kill Dominic. You told Talbot that he was already in the tank When you found him. I was trying to get him out. I mean,it was... stupid and--And too late,anyway. So why didn't you tell Talbot you were with Josef? Because we were,uh... And then afterward,I... I went to the bathroom to get cleaned up. But at least if you were with Josef, It gives you some kind of alibi. But then that would give the police a reason To look at Josef more closely. I can't risk that. I mean, you know what it's like. Keeping their secret is the number one rule. it's weird talking about them with someone else. We're members of a very exclusive club,you and I. I know it's none of my business, But your arrangement with Josef... Are you ever afraid that he'll go too far, That he'll accidentally turn you? Josef's careful, Although,yeah, sometimes I... I do wonder. You'd want him to turn you? No. (Chuckles) I mean,no,of--Of... of course not. Beth,can I talk to you for a minute? Thank you. Did she tell you anything new? No. Look,if there was some kind of kinky gone wrong in the hot tub, She should just say so. Why do you think there was something going on between Simone and Dominic? Dominic's coach said she came to all his games. She even left with him a few times. Sounds like something to me. Have you interviewed Hank bishop yet? He and Dominic got into it at the party. No,he was gone by the time the cops got there. They're still looking for him. How long are you gonna keep her? Till I figure out what she's hiding. $100 million worth of architecture, And all the papers talk about is Dominic's death. At least I get a write-Off. Hey. Where's Simone? Talbot's still holding her. He's not sure if Dominic's death was an accident or not. He said Simone knew Dominic. Well,she never said anything to me. Talbot thinks they were sleeping together. Well,we're not exclusive. And anyway,what Simone does when she's not with me is her business. How very egalitarian of you. Wow,that's a big word. Look,forget Simone. Okay,there's too many vampires mixed up in this. Look,don't worry. We'll find out what happened to Dominic Before the cops start asking the wrong questions. We'll start with Emma and Jackson,Dominic's managers. Good. I'm going home. It's past my bedtime. Josef's upset. I think he's jealous, And that blood isn't the only bodily fluid that he and Simone are exchanging. It's hard to believe he'd get that involved. With a freshie? Especially with a freshie. Josef has his rules. (Chuckles) Josef said you'd be coming by And that you're-- How shall we say-- Friend of the family. I guess I am,yeah. (Chuckles) so I saw you with Jackson at the party. How did you two meet? Oh,I came over from ireland during the famine, Buried my family there. I was turned on the ship, never even saw who did it. How horrible. Yes,well, my brother was a boxer. So when I landed in new york, I went to the fights, Searching for something familiar, And Jackson was there. The moment I saw him, He felt like home. He made you feel safe. You know, he didn't care what I was. That's how I knew he was the one. So he let you turn him? Mm-Hmm. He wanted to be with me... forever. Just wish I'd known about the snoring first. So... after all this time, No regrets? No,not one. 150 years later, I can still remember exactly what Jackson was wearing The night we first met. So what were Dominic and Hank fighting about at the party? Hank was on the hearst team with Dominic. They would compete for everything--Playing time, Girls,you name it. Any particular girls? Dominic was sowing his wild oats. Do they still say that? I... He wasn't mature enough for anything serious. Do you think Hank is capable of murder? Dominic made the big time. Hank thought it should be him. There was a lot of bad blood there. That's beautiful. Gettin' soft after all these years? Hearst was in my march madness bracket. This guy helped me win the office pool. Can't a man grieve? C.O.D.? Neck snapped. Accident or murder? Not sure,but I was wondering about all the vamp smell on him.</i> Well,he was around a lot of vampires last night. Dominic had sex right before he died. Yup. Crime scene guys found blood on him-- Pretty degraded from the chlorine and other chemicals in the water, but the type was b-Positive--Not Dominic's. So it could be his partner's. Can you get ahold of that blood sample? Gary the forensic hematologist Owes me serious for march madness. Make yourself at home. I always do. What are we celebrating? Simone's release. The d.A. Can only keep someone in for 24 hours without probable cause. But they haven't cleared you yet. And that's your job. I really appreciate you and Beth's help. Right. Simone... What exactly was your relationship with Dominic? I did some work for his family and ended up following his career pretty closely Yeah? You never told me that. Well,I didn't want you to get the wrong idea. What? Did he hit on you? Occasionally. Really? But then again,Dominic hit on every woman he ever met. I always turned him down. Mm. Yeah,well,the police found blood on Dominic's body... B-Positive. You see? There you go. Simone's cleared. I'm b-Negative. Ah. Still,I think we should give the police a sample. Look,there's a much easier way to settle this. Josef,don't. (Snarls) Here. For professional purposes only,of course. Hi,Beth. We were just having drinks. I can see that. Um... we should go. But this is so awkward. I love awkward. - I know. The police found blood on Dominic's body. I was just making sure it wasn't Simone's. They have laboratories for that. Beth-- No. Stop. I have a lead on Hank bishop. He's the guy Dominic was fighting with at the party. Are you coming with me or what? So the police already checked this place out, But I thought you might pick up on something they missed. I assume you don't want to talk about what happened. Why would you assume that? Because you haven't said a word to me since we left my apartment. Well, what do you expect me to say? I wasn't feeding on simone, okay? It wasn't a big deal. Then why do i feel like i walked in on you two making out? We were not making out. I only want to make out with you. Yeah, but you don't want to drink you blood Whoa, you want me to drink your blood? Where is this coming from? No, i don't... it's just that when you were dying in the desert And you fed on me, you made it seem like it was a big deal, And now you're saying it's not, so please forgive me For being a little confused. Oh, god, i should've worn my hazmat suit. Unh-Unh! Hey, don't touch that. It's sacred. Members only. - We're looking for hank bishop. - And you are? I'm Beth turner from the d.A.'S office. Well, then you already know i've told the police Hank hasn't been around here in a while. I wish i could help you, really. The guy owes me, like, 50 bucks. How long since you last saw him? Not since last semester. He got a place of his own in palms. Maybe you should check over there. You're lying. Where is he? Hank, the cops are here! Go! Go! Go, hank! Go! Hey! Stop! Hey. Play nice. Are you okay? Yeah, well,i got hit in the face with a sacred ass paddle. Karma. - Hey, i got your text. - Hey, i scored that blood sample From whomever Dominic was with before he was killed. - Great. - It turns out, It's not contaminated after all. The coroner just doesn't know vampire blood when he sees it. Humans getting busy with vamps, always trouble. That it is. Trouble with Beth? Well, she thinks i fed on Josef's freshie. So? It's not like she's volunteering. I don't want her to volunteer. Why not? - Well, 'cause i don't. - I'm just saying Vampires got needs. Why do i even talk to you about this stuff? You've obviously blocked out All memories of what human women are like. Yeah, well, i need all available brainpower To figure out vampire women. It's a shame about Dominic. Yeah. Emma and i have been managing him since he graduated. He would have been great in the pros. Everyone loved Dominic. I saw Dominic with a blonde cheerleader at the party. Lisa? Yeah, Dominic was, uh, Lisa's boy du jour. It wasn't serious. You know her? Met her in new york back in 1923, i think. - She was a flapper then. - She's a vampire? And loving every minute of it, let me tell ya. I didn't get close enough to her at the party to tell. Did Dominic know? No, no, of course not. He didn't know about any of us. All right, guys, good practice. Lisa You must be Mick. How have we not met before? It's a cruel world. I heard you're looking into Dominic's death, That maybe it was murder? Yeah, or an accident. Somebody get a little rough? They found vamp blood on the body. Not mine... not that night. You were sleeping with him, though? We hooked up once or twice. I'm into jocks this semester. Oh. So how long you been in college? 40 years or so. It's the perfect life for a vamp. Nobody notices when you sleep all day, And there's a constant rotation of frat boys too drunk to know When a hickey isn't a hickey. No one notices the puncture marks in the neck? That's not the artery i go for. Oh. Okay, hank, let's go over this again. - I didn't kill Dominic. - Then why'd you run? It's not safe here. You gotta protect me. Sure, but listen, who exactly are we protecting you from? From her. She killed Dominic-- Threw him around the room like a rag doll, Snapped his neck like it was nothing. So you weren't feeding on Dominic? No way. He took our team to the tournament three years in a row. He needed his strength. Emma was careful, too. At least, i never noticed anything. Wait a minute. Emma? Emma monaghan? Dominic was sleeping with his manager? Yeah, for the past few months. Did Jackson know? Not from me. No way i'd get in the middle of that. And then i saw her face-- Her eyes. Well, who is it? Who--Who'd you see? It was Dominic's manager, Emma. Hey, listen, Hank says he saw Emma monaghan kill Dominic during rough sex. We're gonna go pick her up. - Hey. - Mick. I think Dominic may have been with Emma in the locker room. And hank saw her kill him. Talbot's on his way to her office now. Stop him. How? What am i supposed to say? I don't know. Anything. Just stop him. Well, he's just bringing her in for questioning. What's she gonna do? Well, i don't know, But i don't think Talbot wants to find out. Then you have to get there first. I'm on my way. No! No! - Emma, stop! - No, i will not go to jail! Emma, Emma, put the chair down, okay? Are you here to help me or them? -You okay? - Yeah Emma, stop it. Stop! Stop! This is not how this goes. You know that. I will not go to jail. Okay, we'll figure that out, But think about what you're doing. You're endangering all of us. Think about Jackson. I guess we know whose side you're on. How did she do all this? Psychotic break, maybe? Definitely psychotic. Yeah, but i just... i thought hank was exaggerating. Well, that wasn't so bad. A homicidal, desperate vampire is in custody, And she's gonna need to feed soon. It's very bad. So this is what 150 years of marriage looks like. Check out these wedding licenses. They've got a new pair of names every 20 years or so. Yeah, one thing about being a vampire-- You get to reinvent yourself over and over again. But no matter who they were or what they did, They always stayed together. It's so romantic. They probably have a double-Wide freezer as well. Emma said Jackson asked her to turn him, That he knew it was the only way they could really be together. Well, at least Jackson had a choice. What about you? Have you ever turned anyone into a vampire? Sorry, uh, all we got is tap. We don't have many humans over to the house. That's fine. Thank you. Thank you. So you didn't know about Emma and Dominic? Never suspected a thing. But like they say, No matter how long you know someone, You never really know 'em. I thought we were happy. How long can Emma go without feeding? She wouldn't do anything stupid. You sure about that? She just needs to know that she's not alone, That we'll figure this out. Let me talk to her. Can you get him in to see her? Yeah. Jackson. I'm so sorry. I love you. Why can't we hear them? They don't want their conversation to be overheard. They're speaking below audible hearing levels. You can hear them, right? Yeah. I never meant to hurt you. What'd she say? She's telling him she's sorry. He was sleeping with Lisa. I got angry. I forgot my strength. Then when Dominic told her he was seeing Lisa,she lost control. He was dead before she even realized what she'd done. Did you love him? Of course not. It was nothing. So you threw away everything we built together,</i> Everything we were to each other--</i> Y-You betrayed me for-- For nothing?</i> It wasn't about us... or you. It was about me. Being with Dominic, it made me feel young...</i> until he dumped me for a younger model.</i> If only he knew the truth. I'm sorry. I know i screwed up, but it was an accident.</i> This is first-Degree murder. That is life in prison. I will never survive that.</i> Josef already has a lawyer working on your bail.</i> It won't come to that. No, it won't. St. John sided with the humans.</i> He's the one that let them put me in here.</i> - What's wrong? - He will get me out.</i> You go out there, and you tell him if he doesn't...</i> not only will i tell the cops exactly what i am,</i> But i'll tell 'em i'm not the only one.</i> - Emma, that's crazy. - You tell him that i will do it.</i> I will give up his name, all of his friends,</i> Every vampire in los angeles. You have 24 hours. What's wrong? What did she say? But how could the judge deny Emma bail, hmm? Whatever happened to innocent till proven guilty? - Emma is guilty. - I know, But simone made her sound innocent. And halfway through her speech, even i was buying it. Doesn't matter.We're gonna work this out. Oh, yeah. You know, simone looked a little green when she left court today, Like, uh, she might be afraid You would blame her for the judgment, And by blame i mean... kill her. No. I told her it wasn't her fault. I'm not mad. She likes you, you know. Who doesn't like me? She tell you that? She didn't need to, and i think the feeling's mutual. Now doesn't that violate one of your rules? Yeah, several. - Hi. - Simone I-I'm so sorry. I know i should have called first. No, that's okay. Come in. You know... about the other night, i just... - i just feel like i should apologize. - No, no, no. It's okay. I was just upset. It... just looked kind of, uh... intimate? Yeah. Feeding them blood? I mean... i think it's intimate, But to them it's just... vampires don't care about humans like that. We're just a blip in their life span. To love us is to... watch us die. So... when are you gonna break it off? I don't know yet. Oh, you really care about this person... even though she's a... human. We were out one night. Simone might've been a few martinis in, but... well, she implied she might be interested in not being human anymore. Wait a minute. You're actually considering this? Look, i haven't tried to turn anyone since sara Whitley, And we all know how that worked out. So you're--You're worried you'll kill her. I don't know. Maybe i'm worried i won't. Forever's a long time, Mick. I mean... and i've got commitment issues. Yeah, me, too. Do you think it would be different Between you and Josef if he turned you, If you were both vampires? I mean, it didn't work for Emma and Jackson. But at least they had 150 years to try. Wouldn't you want that with Mick? Mick would never turn me. He's a kind of anti-Vampire vampire. Well, i mean, i don't--I don't know how he feels about it now, But if you're with him long enough, I guarantee the topic's going to come up. Hey. Hey. Can we talk? Right now? it's not a good time. What's going on? Oh, let me guess-- vampire business. You can't be involved. No, i guess i can't. What was that about? Nothing. You should never have allowed the police To take Emma into custody. what was i supposed to do-- Let Emma kill a couple of cops, Maybe a d.a.? collateral damage. No. Not to me. Uh, Emma's pretty well-connected. Gotta have the names of at least 300 vampires in the area. Anything she says, the cops'll think it's just nuts. Until she turns vamp and starts slicing Through guards like butter. i've sent out the coded e-mails, But there's-- there's not enough time. A lot of vamps aren't gonna be able to get out of town. which means when the cops come, ?? Exposing even more of us. It's gonna be a freakin' vampire apocalypse. no. Emma's not gonna say anything to anyone. You're gonna do it? you're gonna break her out? No. we are. Emma is being held here At the district processing facility. She gets transferred from the processing facility To the county lockup. The transport van is scheduled to pick up at 8:00 p.m. For the approximately 18 minutes that she's in transit, She will be under minimal protection. That means one guard, one driver. The transport van's route will take it up main street, By which time, logan will have hacked the city's Traffic control mainframe. - i will? - Yeah. You're gonna make sure the lights at 3rd and main Stay green as the van approaches. Guillermo, i'm gonna need an ambulance, A stretcher, the works. no problem. and bring a couple pints of blood.</i> road snacks? Jackson said Emma hasn't fed in over 72 hours.</i> - she's gonna be in bad shape. - got it.</i> hello, ladies. What do you want us to do? you clean up accidents every day. Now i need you to create one. as the van passes through the 3rd street intersection,</i> you guys are gonna be waiting for it.</i> Main street is a one-way street. the van will have to stop where we want it to stop.</i> Josef and i will be waiting to extract them. We pack her in the ambulance and take off. Questions? Can my code name be lando calrissian? Let's go. All right. I am in. Okay, do it. Green lights all the way. Excuse me. What is it? The restraints-- they're too tight, And i feel sick. Please. Fine. Let me check 'em. Right on time. you're really cold. I'm very thirsty. i hit a secondary firewall. The city must've upgraded their system. - I need time to pop it. - you've got ten seconds. Oh, that's helpful. That's definitely gonna make me go faster! - Thanks! - hey, logan-- calrissian out. logan, get that light green. They've gotta make it through the intersection. ??How much longer? she doesn't look too good. I think there's some kind of accident up ahead. Flip the lights and take us around. We need to get her to a doctor fast. What's he doing? - What's plan "b"? - there is no plan "b." Hey, calrissian! stop that van! Leeroy jenkins! yes! i am the man! Did you see that? that was awesome!</i> Quite the plan "b." i'll say. Get up. Emma monaghan, For threatening to expose your brothers and sisters, You have endangered the safety and security Of the entire community. Wait! You can't do this. it was an accident. This isn't about the human. Our secrecy... Is all we have. It's all that keeps us alive. The crime is treason. the penalty is death. Continue. Stop. Back away now. Give them a minute. Don't do anything foolish, mr. Monaghan. I am so sorry. I-i wanted to start over... With you. I love you. always have and always will. We're ready. - Go, Jackson. - no, no, no. No, we do this like we've done everything else-- - Together. - no! No! No! - I don't want you to die, too. - mr. Monaghan? Please. Together. We're ready. No. We don't have to watch this. Yeah... We do. No, sir, we don't know how she escaped. We're investigating that as we speak. ??I'm sorry, sir. Okay, bye. Talbot. File's for your eyes only. we'll be in touch. Who is this? I assume your "vampire business" Meant getting Emma out of jail. Where is she? She's dead. She was a liability to our community. Vampires dispensing vampire justice. There have to be rules, Beth. And Jackson? He didn't want to live without her. So they were both just executed? I know that this isn't easy for you to understand. Look... You've been saying for months now That things can't work between us, That we live in different worlds. And i didn't want to hear you, but maybe you're right. You can't come back to my world... And i'm not ready to join yours. Wait. You think that that's what this is about? You think i'm gonna want to turn you? Wouldn't you? Eventually? And what happens when i start to get old? Maybe then i'd want it, too. I don't ever want to have to make that decision. Emma and Jackson made me realize that you were right. I don't... Think i can do this anymore. ?? ??? ?? You want to know what Emma and Jackson made me realize? that you were right. You were right all along. This isn't about being a vampire or a human. this is about us And how we feel about one another Right here, right now. The night that we first met-- or met again, whatever-- What was i wearing? Blue jeans, white striped shirt, cream jacket. What about my shoes? You were barefoot.