and I guess the anvil missed you. Nonstop cartoon references. I don't Miss that. I picked up Louise's basketball uniform. Now, you're sure you're ready to coach girls basketball? Are you kidding me? I can't wait. The rest of the teams are gonna cower in fear at the sight of bonnie's organic market. Look, Gary, just rember that their last coach had a strict philosophy of non-competive competion. OK, well, the new coach has a strict philosophy about their old coach: get a haircut, get a job, you dirty hippie. That's nice. Nice. Gary, where are the kids? I got stuck at a job. Vanessa's picking them up. She helps me out. - Does she do that a lot? - Sometimes. Right now, I think she's taking them for ice cream. Ice cream? Before dinner. You think that's a good idea? Well, they're having ice cream for dinner, so I didn't think it mattered. - The kids are right behind me. - Thanks for helping me out. Hey, guys. Check it out, mom. Vanessa took us to get tattoos. Look at that. My son has a giant snake on his arm. - Neat. - Don't worry. They'll be gone in, like, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 weeks tops. Vanessa said it would draw attention on my guns. You're gonna need those guns to fight all the girls. Look at mine, mom. Look at that. The recycling symbol. It took forever. The guy can do 20 types of unicorns but couldn't get his head around a triangle made out of arrows. Thanks, V. You coming to the game tonight? - I'm gonna be the referee. - I'll be there, T. T? V? What? You don't think that temporary tattoos could be a gateway to permanent tattoos? - Well, I. - I'll take this one. Come on, Allison. You take the kids to the street fair, you don't care when they get their faces painted there. You don't think that's a gateway to permanent clownhood, do you? I'm sorry. I was just trying to kill some time between dinner and school. Yeah, that's it. Fine, really. But you know, a trip to the library wouldn't have been a bad idea, so... Yeah. That's great. And then the kids could have looked up a bunch of words like passive and aggressive. I'm just socking off the floor. Time to move it along, show's over. I'll talk to you later, OK? What are you doing? Why are you so afraid of letting me talk to her? I'm not afraid of you talking to her. I'm afraid of you unhinging your Jaw and swallowing her whole. I'm just trying to find out something about this woman who spend so much time with our kids. I mean, how do I know she's not a bad influence? She's a good influence. She told me she was a good influence. Or maybe she said she was under the influence. Come on, she's a good girl. She's got great judgment. Really? You know what, Gary? I think there are, what, 4 billion men out there, and she picked you. Now, I don't know what the opposite of winning the lottery is, but damn, I think she got it. She took the kids out for fun, Allison. Is that OK? You remember fun. It's part of your axis of evil along with Joy and laughter. -= 105 =- " Gary Breaks Up His Ex-Wife and Girlfriend " Sub VO : ¤AkaZab¤  &  Gaillots Subs-Addicts' [Sub-Way.fr] All right, guys, listen up. We're playing Hanson's dry cleaning, OK? They're faster than us. They're taller than us. And their uniforms are beautifully pressed and starched, but listen, I think we can beat them, all right? Good luck, coach. Hey, Vanessa, look, this gym has a strict rule. You can't come out the court unless you're wearing a super hot - cheerleader uniform. - Too bad. I left mine at home. You really have a hot cheerleader uniform? - 2 minutes, coach. 2 minutes. - What's with the shades? Your sunglasses. Why are you wearing sunglasses? I'm just getting a lot of glare off the court. Hey, V. Hi, Tom. Did you color in that tattoo? Yeah. I'm turning it into coral snake. It's beautiful. But also dangerous. All the signs are there. The sunglasses, the whistle. I'm raising a small-town sheriff. All right, team, bring it in. We're gonna dominate on 3. 1, 2, 3, dominate! Yeah. You know, if we all say it together, it sounds a lot scarier, OK? Dad, our last coach said it isn't about the number on the scoreboard. - The numbe of friends you make. - OK, girls, i'm not gonna sugarcoat this. Losers don't deserve friends. Get out there and win, win! Let's Go! Check it out. Your ex-wife sitting next to your girlfriend. Oh, my gosh. That's awful. Those 2 are not a good combination. Yesterday, I had to get right in between them when they were. Hugging? You were between them when they were hugging? Which way were you facing? 'cause I got to tell you, I'd be torn. No. They were fighting yesterday. They're hugging now. But this is much worse, this is way worse. I gotta break this up. I got earrings on your forward here, coach. Jewelry is not regulation. I thought studs were OK. No studs, no hoops, no danglers. Check your rule book. I would check my rule book except the referee spilled his count chocula all over it this morning. Here, have a seat. Here we go. All right, Dennis, what are they doing now? They're talking and they're laughing. And they're totally looking right at me. What's up, ladies? Are you doing? They're not looking at you. They're looking at me. Why couldn't they be looking at me? Hey, coach, we're waiting on you! I've got earrings here. I'm working on it. Go ahead, sweetheart, you're OK. You're a very handsome man, Dennis. But I'm the only thing they have in common? The person that hates me the most is talking to the person that likes me the most. I can't have that. Allison has 4 quarters to tell Vanessa every stupid thing I ever did, every dumb thing I every said, every stupid thing I ever tried to eat. Dude, you're right. The worst thing is, if they keep talking, sooner or later conversation's bound to get around to your junk. Too late. The game's changed a lot since I was a kid. You played basketball? Point guard. I was lethal at the top of the key. I could drain it from the corner, I could dish it from the paint. I was unstoppable. Hey, Vanessa, you have to finish telling me that lake havasu story. Right. So, all 6 girls are skinny-dipping, and nobody rembers to turn off the boat. Oh, my god. So it's what? Like, the entire boat just drove away? Yeah! And an hour later, a couple of high school boys pull up in a fishing boat and they drive us back to the shore very slowly. You know, when I was in the sorority, we all went skinny-dipping once. I mean, I left my bra and underwear on, but it was very exhilarating. What's going on? What are you guys doing? Vanessa, was just telling me this really funny story about lake havasu. That story. I love that story. All the kids are very thirsty outside. Can you please bring them some juice? That's good. We got to keep them hydrated. Go ahead, right out there. When I get back, i'll tell you my cabo story. It's insane. That cabo story. - What the heck are you doing? - What? What do you mean? Why try to be friends with my girlfriend? You wouldn't tell me anything about her, so I had to find out for myself. And you'll be happy to know I think she's great. She sort of reminds me of me. In what alternate universe? In the same universe where a girl like that is attracted to a guy like you. Gary, I just think she's lovely, all right? Good. Then you guys can go back to arguing about tattoos, then, OK? Gary, please, they're henna, they'll wash off. - Fluids are replaced. - Sunblock. Girls need sunblock. I told their parents they couldn't go back old and leathery. That's good. Thanks a lot. This is a good thing. I like Vanessa. I could even see hanging out with her. You cannot hang out with her. You can maybe talk to her. You can appreciate her. You can be jealous that your scales aren't as soft as her skin. But... you cannot hang out with her. What would possibly wrong with your girlfriend getting along with ex-wife? How would you like it if I hung out with your fiance all the time? Hey, what's up? You want to hang out sometime? - No, thank you. - What? Why not? I say this at the risk of sounding superior, but you're beneath me. Vanessa, where did you say you got that belt again? Stella on melrose. You know? I have something I need to return there. Do you want go with me? No, Allison does not want to go with you. - Gary, yes, I would love to go. - No, actually, she doesn't. She changed her mind. She told me she doesn't want to go out with you. - I would. - Would not. She's trying to say she would not. She doesn't want to spend time with you. Here's the thing, you guys. You two shopping together, I got to be honest. I don't think that's something I would enjoy. So Vanessa, what time are you thinking? No, Vanessa. Don't fall for it, OK? She's not trying to be your friend. She's just seeing if you're a good influence on our kid. Of course that's what she's doing. I'm a mom. I get it. She's checking out the new girlfriend. - We're just going shopping, Gary. - No, you're not. No. You know what? I'm putting my foot down. Look, that's my foot. Foot down. I am forbidding you guys from spending time together. Excuse me. Did you just say forbidding? Yes. Forbidding. I'm forbidding you guys from going out together. - Forget it. - Really? Really. Allison, how about we leave as so as we're done here? - She can't. She's forbidden. - You know what? I would love to, and there's a SPA near there. - Is it a forbidden SPA? - We could both get massages. No, you can't. I could probably use massage. My boyfriend's been stressing me lately. You're forbidden. Then we can go get drinks afterwards. You know, maybe flirt with some guys. That's great. You're both forbidden! I'm telling you what to do. The man of the house has spoken! My goodness. Why are you so tense? This was kind of a last-minute thing, and I forgot to shave my legs. Let me know if the pressure is OK. Just relax and remember to breathe. Is everything OK? Everything is fine. Everything is nice. Is the pressure OK? Oh, good. That's great, thank you. I notice you wear a wedding ring. You married? Engaged, actually. But I used to be married. Your ex-husband, what's the matter? You could not please him? What? I mean, maybe your... your ex-husband, he was not pleasing? Not pleasing enough for me to stay married to him. I'll say! You know what? That pressure's getting a little tough there. What could you tell somebody about your ex-husband if you had a new friend, maybe a new friend like me? Well, I'm kind of mad at him right now. But I guess I'd say he was bossy, paranoid, and selfish. He's selfish? Yeah, selfish. Even though he offered to make love to you every night of the week even when you wore your retainer and had on your granny pants? - Selfish my ass... - What? My God, Gary. - What are you doing here? - What am I doing here? I wanted to see if you were gonna talk smack about me and you did. You're crazy! You badmouthed me to the massage therapist, a complete stranger. I can only imagine what kind of things you're saying to my girlfriend. - Get out of here. - Look, come on. I have a clean slate with Vanessa. I don't want you filling her head with all the bad things you know about me. I will say whatever I want to say, and you know what? Maybe I will start by telling her that you interrupted my $160 massage. You're still mad about that? Oh, my gosh. I'm not leaving here until you promise to just stay out of my relationship. Me? You're the one who messed things up with your ike turner speech. "I forbid you, woman!" My god, we're having a good time. I like Vanessa She brings out my fun side. If you have a fun side, I have a ballroom dancing side, OK? - Is there a problem in here? - Yeah, this man touched my naked body. Yeah, but that wasn't fun for me either. You have to come with us. All right, I don't want to have to do this, fellas but I'm officer brooks, vice. I'd like to speak to the owner. - I am the owner. - In that case these are for you. Excuse me. Where have you been? Sorry, Pop. The plymouth got a flat on the way home from the record store. We had to hitch it the whole way back. What's going on with you, Tom? - Sit down. - I'm sitting down. Relax. What did you say To Vanessa at the party? She walked away, she looked upset. She didn't me even say good-bye. - Well, I. - You know, I don't want to hear it. I just want you to fix it, and I want you to fix it now. You're pretty upset about this, aren't you? I am because I like Vanessa, and if you're not seeing her, I'm not seeing her, you follow? OK, let me explain it to you this way, OK? Let's say you go to a new school, OK? And you like the new teacher, but there's an old teacher from the old school that knows all the bad stuff about you. I get it, dad. You're afraid mom's gonna tell Vanessa bad stuff about you. Well, I don't know how you made that leap in your mind, but. You know what? I am losing patience. But in that scenario, I would go to my new teacher and tell her all the stuff I was afraid she was gonna hear from the old teacher. You want me to tell Vanessa all the things I'm afraid your mom's gonna tell her about me? At least she'll be hearing it from you. All right, thanks. You're a good man, Tommy. You've turned into a fine young man. Thanks, dad. But the onething you have to remember about women is, they don't usually have a lot of faith in us. Yeah. Hey, hey. Hand it over. You know, one day, I'm gonna take one of those. Hey, want to hear something that will really get you mad? I'm gonna taste them both right now. - I got to see Vanessa. - There's a band. - $5.00 cover. - Fine. Here's your $5.00. No. The name of the band is $5.00 cover. It's 10 to get in. Fine. $10. Let me in. I went to stunt man school. Excuse me? In 1993 for 3 weeks I went to stuntman school. It cost me $12,000, and on the second day, I sprained my ankle on my way to falling out of a building class. I'm a sore loser. I hold a grudge. I'm very impatient. So much so that I'll flush the toilet before I'm even finished peeing. What are you doing? I'm telling you all the bad things about me before Allison has a chance to do it. I just wanted to beat her to the punch. So you think that if Allison tells me that you flunked out of stuntman school, I'm gonna break up with you? Well, no. I didn't flunk out of stuntman school. I tripped over uneven pavement, and then I quit the next day. Thank you. Gary, why don't you trust me to make up my own mind about you? I never expected you to be perfect. Or anything close to perfect. Well, in that case, And you don't have to worry so much about Allison because you'll be able to hold this night over her head for a very long, long time. Why? What do you mean? What's going on? Wait. Where'd she go? She was just here. Hey, Vanessa, she tried to sneak out again. Oh, my god, that's Allison. Every time I walk outside, I end up right back here. Hey, it's my guys! My guys! 2 drinks. Amazing. Hey, get these guys a drink. Because this lady right here, this lady's like the coolest lady in the whole world. And this unattractive lady is my ex-husband. I am so happy right now. OK, I'm gonna need you to support her while I get the door, OK? Whoa! She's 100 pounds of jell-o shots right now. Oh, you're so super sweet. I totally weigh more than 100 pounds. Watch out. She's a kisser when she's drunk. She kisses. I already got a mouthful on the way out. I never kissed a black man before, but I will again. Yeah. Put her in the seat, OK? Careful. All right, would you do me a favor and go upstairs and get some aspirin, some B-12, and get her cowboy sweatshirt. - When she's drunk, she gets cold. - Sure. I'm so hungry. You know what? I'm gonna make a bundt cake. Sorry I acted so crazy today. I was just so afraid that Allison was gonna say something to you that would chang the way that you looked at me. Right now I'm looking at a man who's generous enough to help a woman who drives him crazy 99% of the time. I think it's sweet. Hey, you know what else is good? Cinnabun. You go get it. I'm gonna wait right here. Let me, let me put you to bed. Now, Allison, let me come on. All right. Let me just lay here. Can I lay here? Just let me lay here. It's so cool. I love marble. You know, I wanted spanish tile, but you said marble, Gary. You are so smart. You are so smart. It's hard being smart, isn't it? I'm always the smart one, Gary, and you're always the fun one. And I used to be fun like Vanessa, but then I met you. And you outfunned me and I just got boring. I didn't out fun you. It's just... You married an immature Jerk, and somebody had to step up and act like a grownup. I used to love that immature Jerk. Don't talk about him like that. It's a deal. But you take it easy on yourself, OK, because you were a lot of things, but you were never boring. I would kiss you right now if I hadn't just thrown up in my mouth. All right, ladies, let's go get 'em. Let's go, go! All right! - Hey, Ref, what's up? - You and Vanessa work things out? Yes, we did. Thank you for your advice, OK? You be good to her. Hey, look what the cat dragged in! How you feeling, Allison? Looks like Vanessa really did bring out your fun side. Well, if by fun side you mean my insides, then yes. Yes, she did. Let's play some hoops, ladies.