let's go to your mom's house. But you got to get the heck out of here. You know, dad, you forgot all about my cello practice yesterday. Or did i? And you forgot to remind me about my science paper. Sorry, hammer. I talked to you about it last night. You told me you finished it, so we're gonna have to tell mom about that one. Or do we? Hey, guys, would you go wait in the car? I got to talk to your dad for a second. If we're gonna talk, I need one of them as a witness. I just wanted to remind you that starting tomorrow is that thing I told you about last week. Yeah, the thing. You have no idea what I'm talking about. The thing. No. I don't know. I told you. You want me to really remember something, you have to make it rhyme and turn it into a Catchy tune. I was hired to be a research assistant on a project that's cool, so I need you to drop off and pick up the kids at their school - for the next 6 weeks yeah. - I can't do it. What? I'm renovating the mckenzie house, big job. That's a historic Landmark. I got to be on site the whole time and keep an eye on the workers. This could really lead to a lot more work, so, sorry, you're gonna have to find somebody else. That's too bad. Maybe you know someone who could help me with these. Yeah. I won them in a raffle. - Laker tickets. - They are. Yeah. Of course, I don't think they're very good seats because they're behind a bench of some kind. You win, you win, you win. Lakers-cavaliers. You totally win. Look. I'll drive the kids around whenever you need me to, I'll keep my ears open and my eyes open for anybody that can help you part-time? There are your tickets. It's never a pleasure doing business with you. I got to bring my air horn to the game. Not you. I mean the actual one that used to come in a can. Well, have fun with Dennis at the lakers. All my orgasms were fakers for the last 15 years - = 114 =- " Gary and Dennis' Sister " VO : ¤Aka & YaYa¤ Subs-Addicts" [Sub-way. fr] Look at these seats. These are way better than the last time we went. I know. Remember? Our seats were terrible. You put your binoculars in front of my binoculars, and we still couldn't tell which dot was kobe. We're gonna sit behind the bench. Good morning, mr. Brooks. Hi, Miss Peters. I like to make all my workers feel good. I give them a motivational hug every morning. That... I'm not gonna let you down, Miss peters. I appreciate the work, and you're gonna find that my crew is top-notch and professional. Deja vu. No. It's not deja vu, dad. It's your fifth trip into the room. That's not it. It's something else. What is this place? It's the Mckenzie house. It's an historic Landmark. This was owned by Hamish Mckenzie. He was a shipping magnate in the late 19th century. The house was restored in 1975, and before that, it was a flophouse for indigents and hippies. That's it. I lived here in'71. You still got that big orgy room out in the back yard with the giant doors? You mean, the carriage house? No. I'm pretty sure it was an orgy room. I get a tax break by hiring him. Pardon me. I'm looking for my... - Gary, this is amazing. - Yeah. I can't disagree. - How long has it been? - I don't know. Probably since like, the last time we saw each other which was when? You don't recognize me, do you? Throw a drink in my face. See if it jogs my memory. Anna! You're an... Oh, my god, Anna! You're Dennis' little sister Anna. - It's good to see you again. - You, too. Anna, you were supposed to be here an hour ago. When you're late, you got to call me. I'm sorry, Dennis, OK? I was out looking for a job. You want me off your couch, don't you? On your couch? What's the matter? You're not still living in Chicago? No. I moved back after my Jerk boyfriend dumped me. Come on. Who would dump you? - Lots of guys. - Really? No. She's serious. Lots of guys... lots. Now, how'd the job search go today? Well, I got one offer, but I don't want to dress up like a cell phone and hand out coupons at the racetrack. Hey, hey, I might have a job for you. Allison is looking for someone to help out around the house - part-time and with the kids. - Really? That would be great. How are Louise and Tom? Fantastic and easily distracted, in that order. Allison, it's Gary, the answer to all your problems, except for you stretch marks and your screechy voice. We must've gotten disconnected or something. Here. You talk to her, OK? Allison, hi. It's Anna Lopez. I hear you're looking for somebody. - What's wrong, Dennis? - What's wrong? Anna iback in town. You see, I'm the oldest brother, and it's my responsibility to look after her. My dad said he'll murder me if anything ever happens to her. Your dad is not gonna murder you. Latinos are very protective and literal. I wasn't always the oldest brother, Gary. I'm starting later this afternoon. Can you believe it? - Hey, that's great. - Thank you, Gary. That's great. Save some of that hug for Allison, OK? Well, bye, Gary. See you, stupid. Sorry to bother you, Gary. Louise wanted me to come by and feed her fish. She said you would forget. Louise has fish? - Come on in. - Where's her room? Right down the hall on the right. It's the girly one. How's it going over there? Fantastic. Thank you so much for getting me the job. Of course. Come on. You're Dennis' sister. I got to look out for you right? Remember when you and Dennis drove me to college and you took me to the wrong Carolina? Yeah. I still think you would've done great at Clemson, though. Yeah, but I didn't apply there, and I didn't have anyplace to live, so it would've made for a rough freshman year. But the job is great. Allison is awesome, and I guess I'll be over here a lot, assuming the goldfish stay alive. I don't know. We're having a bad run in the fish world. My toilet is known as death's water slide. So, this is your new house? Yeah. It's kind of like my old house took a dump and this one came out, but it looks a little better with a buzz. Can I get you a beer? Well, I'm off the clock, and in a way, you're my boss, so I guess I have to. Well, congratulations. Your first day with Allison. You know, she's no picnic to work for, and she's no picnic to be married to, and she's certainly not easy to go on a picnic with when you're married to... My gosh, am I speaking way too loudly? I thought you were still the other room. I thought I was supposed to follow you in here. Well, I'm glad you did because I'm lazy. Here. - Here's to getting to know each other. - Here you go. You know, I had a huge crush on you when I was younger. Really? I didn't know that. I used to kiss my pillow and pretend it was you. What a coincidence. I used to kiss Allison and pretend it was anyone else. Are you nervous? - You're trembling. - I'm standing in the refrigerator. Let me warm you up. Wait. Come on, Anna. This is wrong. You're Dennis' little sister. Come on. Well, technically, I'm not his little sister anymore. I'm a grown woman, or haven't you noticed? Yeah. Boy, I noticed, OK? I noticed. I noticed, I noticed. Look. If we did go through with this and this did happen. Which I'm sure would be one of the greatest things to ever happen to me in my life, and I am including the time I rode behind Chuck Norris on an escalator. What if we broke up? Then Dennis, his heart would be broken. He's my best friend. I can't let that happen to him. I'm sorry. OK. You're right. You're a good friend. I just wanted to fulfill an innocent little fantasy where I turned Gary Brooks inside out with wild sex. Well, that's not gonna happen. Is there any way you can pretend for one little minute that you're not my brother's best friend? Just one minute, and I'll never bother you again. Anna, you have to realize something. OK. We should probably stop now. No way. I got 48 seconds left. I'm counting in my head. 45... 4 Hey! I don't know how that snake bit you on your tongue, but I think I sucked out all the poison. Whew! I better go find that little bugger. Dennis, I can explain. You don't have to explain. I have eyes. - Gary and I were just. - Just making me the happiest older brother in the world. Oh, my god... I'm not following you. This is great. Everyone in my family has been praying that Anna would find a decent guy, - and she finally did. - Really? Who? You, you knucklehead. Come on. I'm gonna get out of here, and you guys go back to doing whatever it is you were doing. That was weird, and you know what? Now that the sense of danger is out of it, it's really not even that interesting anymore. Oh, my gosh, Anna, last night was amazing. I can't even believe it. Morning, hon. I let you sleep in, but you better get moving. I did the laundry. Little thing, honey. Would you mind emptying your pockets before you throw stuff in the hamper? I've been fishing change - out of the dryer all morning. - You did the laundry? And the doctor called confirming your appointment on friday. Sweetie, could you let me know when you make appointments so I don't schedule stuff for the same time? We're a team, right? How long was I asleep? This parlor room is currently under renovation, but this is where Mr. Mckenzie took his breakfast, drew up contracts, and met with local merchants. Yeah, and Dennis Hopper played backgammon with frank zappa right there. Pay him no mind. That rumor is unsubstantiated. Now, if everyone could just head into the kitchen there... Where. Where tommy smothers never made hash browns! Hash brownies... And yes, he did. I think she's starting to dig me. What's wrong? Dad, it's Dennis' sister. She's kind of making me a little crazy. We hooked up like, 3 days ago, and she's acting like we're a married couple. That's the second weddingi missed of yours. No. We're not married, dad. And that's the second divorce I missed. Excuse me. Hey, Gary, look who I found. Sweetie, you forgot your lunch. You'd forget your head if it wasn't screwed on. You know what? Thank you, but I'm gonna go out to eat with the guys today, OK? Restaurant food is full of salt, and I like my Gary not puffy. And I bought you some new underwear. I thought you might like to try a pair where the elastic band is attached to the fabric. How adorable are you guys? I just want to eat you up. I talked to mom and dad. They want all to get together at grandma's for easter. I can't wait for you to meet our grandma, man. Me? She's just gonna eat you with a spoon. All right. What's with you people? Can't you like somebody without eating them? Stop it. I'll see you at dinner, OK, and don't be late. I'm making something special. Bye, honey. See you, stupid. I've never seen Anna this happy before. It's so great that she's with somebody that's gonna treat her right, - not like all the other guys. - Yeah. You know what? To be fair, we never heard all those other guys' stories. What are you doing here? You don't have the kids today. What, I have to have the kids to walk into your house? According to the court, yeah. Look. I know you're working super hard with school and everything, and I really forced Dennis' sister down your throat, so if it's a big inconvenience it's not working for you, i'm really sorry about that. No. Anna is amazing. I couldn't get along without her. So, if she was to get angry and suddenly leave town, that wouldn't be cool? No. That wouldn't be cool. I mean, I love her, and the kids love her. The only thing that isn't cool is, she started dating some crepy older guy. You might know him. He's you! Are you insane? I finally find a perfect nanny. Mary poppins comes floating down from the sky. You're looking up her skirt. She's smothering me, Allison. She leaves "i love you, Gary" post-its all over the house, right? She draws hearts on my mirrors with lipstick, and she runs baths for me. She rubs my feet. What a bitch. Look, Gary. You cannot break up with her, OK? If you dump her, she will dump me, and I need her whole lot more than I need you. - Well, find someone else. - You are stuck, Gary, OK? The only thing you could hope for is for Anna to break up with you. That way, Dennis won't be pissed at you, and she won't leave me. She's not gonna break up with me. Who would leave this? Me and any other woman with legs. Why did you leave me? Why did we get a divorce? OK. There are boxes of transcripts, Gary. You can read them? Look. If you want her to break up with you, just stop being first-date Gary, you know? Be 10-years-Down-the-road Gary with the open boxers at breakfast and the peeing in the shower... I get it. And the gassy, scratchy, burpy, slurpy, cutting-your-toenails-on-the-sofa Gary. I get it! I'm a disgusting man! How you doing? Hey, sweetie, where you been? At a bar. I know you probably made dinner and everything, but I already filled up on wings and beer, and if you're mad, I don't care. I'm not mad. I'll just put it in the fridge, and you can have it later. Don't feed it to me as left over because I don't eat leftovers, all right, and if you're mad about that, I don't care. I'm not mad. You should eat whatever you want. You know what? Maybe I don't want to eat whatever I want. What's with you? It seems like a totally different guy just walked in the door. Yeah. He did, OK, baby doll? The real Gary Brooks just walked in that door, all right? Get used to it, and if you're mad, I don't care. Are you kidding? I love it. This means that you are comfortable enough in our relationship to be yourself. We just took a huge leap forward today. OK. All right. OK. I give. - Timeout. - Great. I don't want to take a leap forward. I just got out of a marriage, and with you, it's like I got back into another marriage. It's like you're acting like my wife. You mean, because I cook your favorite food and take care of you and make love to you whenever you want? Yeah. You're nothing like my wife. It's been 3 days. Don't you think this is a little intense? Wait, wait. What are you saying? Are you breaking up with me? No. I'm not. I would like you to break up with me. - Well, that's not gonna happen. - OK. Then, I'm breaking up with you. Why? Don't take this the wrong way. You're beautiful, and I really like you, but you're a teeny bit banas. Here we go. I'm getting the bana talk again. Again? You've had the bana talk before? Lots of times, and the bana talk is the very first warning sign there's something wrong. - Anna, I didn't mean any... - No. You blew it. There's no coming back from banas. - Hey, there he is. - Talk to your sister? Guess you didn't hear the big news. I knew this was gonna happen, but I just didn't think was gonna happen so soon. - Dennis, Dennis... - Wait, wait. I'm gonna remember this moment forever, and I want to make it perfect. Wait. Say the words I've been dying to hear. - I dumped your sister. - Those weren't them. Try again. It didn't work out. I broke up with her. That's all there is to it. It's no big deal? But you know what? You can't just treat her like some toy and toss her aside. You know, a real friend wouldn't do that. You suck, and I quit. We go somewhere and talk about this? Anything you have to say to me you can say in front of my friends, - Your real friends? - my real friends. We picked 3 of these guys up this morning. Well, you know what? I trust them a lot more than I trust you, Gary. Dennis, look. It didn't work out with me and your sister. I tried to tell her that, but she wouldn't listen, all right? So it's her fault. Can you believe this, guys? He's blaming my sister. El Gary la hecha la culpa a Anna porque se dejaron. I knew that if we broke up, it would break your heart, and I don't want to do that to you, OK? So it's my fault. Can you believe this guy? Creen este guey? Ahora, Gary le hecha la culpa a Dennis. To be fair, there's two side to every story, and I'm not sure my side is being represented here. Scusi, amigos. Hermana de Dennis muy bonita pero always aqui, aqui, aqui. "Aqui, aqui, aqui." I'm out of here. Dennis, wait a second. You said your sister was a handful, - didn't you? - Know what you're talking about. You told me she got dumped by "lots of guys, lots," your words. We're a passionate culture. That's all I know. Didn't a part you want me and your sister to work out so you wouldn't have to worry about her anymore? - I don't know. - You don't know? - Maybe. - Maybe? I got carried away. I got excited about you being a part of our family. Dennis, you're my best friend. We already are family, OK? Can't we just go back to being you and me? I don't know. What do you guys think? 4 of us think you should stay together, 3 are against, and one of us thinks the whole thing is kind of gay. What do you think? That's 4 for staying together 3 against, and one kind of gay. I still got the laker tickets. We got purple and gold paint here. We could paint a big "l" on my chest. Will you paint a big "a" on your chest? Now it's unanimous. We all think it's kind of gay. - Oh, my gosh, dad! - Hey, Gary. You know Miss Peters. - Yeah. Hi, Miss Peters. - Mr. Brooks. Yeah. Is my dad bothering you?