- I hate waiting. - Archer's in good hands. he's got little worms growing in his head, Pete. - they're cysts. - with worms inside. I'm gonna call. I'm gonna make sure Addison's okay. Sam and Naomi are with her. - we just have to wait. - Waiting's hard for us? imagine how awful it is for them. You people... you people realize it's morning time, right? Stay awake for 20 hours, and then you tell me if you notice where the sun is in the sky. It's hard to believe, the five of us back together again. Six. Archer makes six. Right, six. I forgot about Archer. Six and if you count the worms in Archer's brain, that makes, like, 26 of us. Here is to dead brain worms. - dead brain worms. - brain worms. I can't believe that you fell for a Grey, and you're too scared of Derek to tell him about it. Don't be mad at me. Be mad at Derek, be mad at the ring his mother never gave you, - but don't be mad at me. - What ring? What's this about a ring from your mother? - she'd have found out eventually. - I knew it. I knew that woman never liked me so you lied and tell me that she did but i knew - where are you going? - I gotta go back to work. - Is it Archer? - What is it? Was he always that cagey? I don't remember him being that cagey. - no, he's not. - you guys, what if he's lying? What if it is about Archer and he just doesn't want us all running over there and panicking? Is he all right? - let the man rest. - where's Derek? I don't know. Weren't you all gonna stay outta my hair for an hour? - Naomi? - Baby, I'm right here. I'm here. What's... my socks? It's the drugs talking. It's better if he sleeps. Let him enjoy the ride. Sam, you okay? Private Practice S02e16 Ex-Life you're gonna have to talk to the Chief. He should be in the E.R asthma attacks are not surgical. Miranda, we need to keep an eye on him and Archer. We can't do that if I refer you back to my previous statement. Fine, I will speak to the Chief. He should probably be on continuous nebs and a course of steroids. Do you think that, they know that... see the two nurses in there gratuitously mopping his brow, fluffing his pillow? I think they got it. I've never seen an attack this bad before. He wasn't exerting, he wasn't walking through through a field of wild blooming flowers. He was in a hospital watching you doting over Archer, and he was unable to get oxygen into his lungs. - do I need to draw a picture? - we are divorced, we are happily divorced. I am with Archer. He is with sonya. We're way, way, way past each other. - what do we got? - she can't breathe. I can breathe, it's just a lot of work. Try not to talk, all right? - what's her pulse ox? - 92 on 4 liters. I tried to use the bronchodilator but no response. Panicking is only gonna make it harder for you to breathe. Both you and your baby need all the oxygen you can get, so try to calm down. Let's do a chest film, blood gas and an E.K.G why is this happening? Did something go wrong with the surgery? Like I said, there were some complications in the surgery, but it shouldn't have anything to do with this. Squeeze my hands for me. I don't know what's going on yet, but I promise you, I'll figure it out. Archer's out of surgery, and it went well. On the other hand, Sam almost passed out from asthma, which I heard was actually kind of fun. Anyway, I just thought you'd want to know since Archer works for you. Thanks for the update, dr. Freedman I know you're upset about me living with Violet. I know you feel excluded, but it doesn't have to be like that. - you could be part of it. - part of it, Cooper Really? What exactly do you think that would look like? Me living with the two of you, reading "mother goose" to Violet's swollen belly while you're giving her pregnancy massages? Or how about me puttin' on my bo peep outfit, trying to seduce you while she's calling out from the next room for a puke bucket? Or better yet me taking video of you and Violet bringing your little snot home? It's not my little snot, and I'm not trying to be the father. - I'm just trying to be a friend. - above and beyond. If you got to know Violet a little better - I'd rather have teeth pulled. - she's my best friend, if she were a guy, wouldn't you make an effort to get to know my best friend? If she were a guy, she'd be on "20/20" for getting pregnant. Just think about it. Start with thinking about... lunch. I gotta go, but just... just think about it. - Is she okay? - Lungs are clear No wheezing, no congestion I went to get the phone, and she slept and I didn't know that she slept I didn't know, and then I didn't hear her and there were bubbles coming out her nose. Oh God! Cynthia's fine. It happens, accidents happen to new moms all the time. That beeing said, don't answer the phone when the baby's in the tub. I know that. I know that, I mean you told me that I know that, I mean, I should've known that. I'm an educated person I mean I mean, who does anything while their baby's in the tub? I mean, who does anything but love their baby? I'm so sorry, I'm so tired I'm sorry. Baby's not sleeping much, is she? Not sleeping through the night Come here Cynthia, you know Rachel, have a seat, take a few deep breath and close your eyes I take the baby, you just rest for me, okay? I'll be right back. You really not coming to me for help with the baby yet No, it's the mom, she's hysterical Rachel, this is... - Where is she? - Crap. I want to publicize your brother's case and when I do, I need to use his name Since when do we named patients in medical studies? Well a world class neurologist has been saved by a world class neuro surgeon It's not a paper, it's a story and I need a story - You hate that kind of stuff - I do a lot of stuff I hate now. My hospital dropped to number twelve. Well, haven't you heard And, if you're comfortable with it, we'd like to use your name I mean, it's a nice angle. - Neuroseurgeon saves neurologist - Sure! - He didn't save me though - I'm pretty sure he did with you beeing here alive and breathing at all My hand is shaking, my head is killing me my vision is blur and the room is spining Get a C.T He miss something. You okay? I have this list of names for the very moment she was in me, I want to meet her first Sarah and Lily and Elori witch I thought was so pretty. I never heard it before but I read in a book. And Grace... and... it was a day an a half of labour and pushing and I did it with no drugs or anything. And I pushed, and i pushed but She was stuck, she's stubborn... She's so... stubborn, she didn't want to come out. The doctor even got the vacuum but she didn't want to come, she was such a good baby when she was on the inside, she was a good baby when... I couldn't use any of the names because When she came out, they didn't fit, so my husband named her Cinthya - He named her, but I love her - Of course you do. - I really love her. Where is she? - Just right here Just right here, but I think Dr Freedman is just gonna... run a few more tests. We just wanted you to know She's not okay? - She's fine - She's fine I want just gonna make sure we gonna run a few more tests. So Dr Fredman, you can go with Cynthia and I'll stay with Rachel. - You're really tired aren't you? - I am. I'm really really tired. Archer's awake and complainig, am I right? You have to be happy, is on five of morphine. He says that his vision is blurry and he would like you to run another C.T Your brother's an ass, his vision is probably impaired because he can see past his own ego His post-op examination was fine, he doesn't need a C.T He just need to sleep at off you're gonna act like some random surgeon with a God complex so I'm gonna speak to you like one. What's going on with you? Wath's wrong? I operated on a pregnant woman earlier tonight - and now she can't breathe. - Did you toss E.P? No, scan's negative. I nicked her aneurysm during surgery I repeair her perfectly? I've just never seen a post-op complication like this. I get a C.T, chest X-Ray - eccho - Did you chek the baby? - I checked the FHT, they were fine. - You need to run a doppler. - It's the mother who can't breathe. - Trust me on this Derek. You need to run a doppler, do it now. The baby could be the problem. Excuse me. Could someone tell me what's going on please? It's possible that your wife is having trouble breathing because there's something wrong with the baby - There's something wrong with the baby? - Sometimes it can happen My wife was fine when we walked in here. Now, she can't breathe and you tell me there's something wrong with the baby - My wife was fine, she was fine. - She wasn't fine. She ran over you with the car, and then she has sezure. - She wasn't fine - She's mirroring - What does that mean - Mirror Syndrom It's rare, but sometimes, if the baby is sick in utero the mother will mirror its symptoms - So it's psycological - No, the symptoms are very real. And in this case, the baby is anemic and the anemia is causing congestive heart failure in both of them - What can we do? - He need to get a blood type and do an antibody screen - What if one of them is positive? - Just... Take it a step at a time. You want to put needles in me? Well, I prefer you let me give you some pills to calm you down, but you said No, I'm still nursing, so I'm I don't want to hurt the baby, I don't... want to hurt my baby So that's why Dr Wilder gonna use the needles to help you get some rest. - He's very good. - What about Cindy She's fine. We're runnig the tests. The nurses are with her. We have babies here all the time. You're so kind. Jut... Thank you for beeing so kind. Okay Rachel, lay right down Post partum hormons are all over the place usually they have a calming effect but sometimes, the body chemistry goes a little haywire they can really amp you up keep you from sleeping. What acuponture does is target specific points to put your bodyback in balance. It realises endorphines, which counter the hormones - it's kind of a natural sedative. - The baby doesn't sleep. Not a night. She doesn't sleep and the refrigator's broken It sounds like dying pigeon, like like a dying pigeon my husban says. And you get so tired of feeling so tired so you just drink more cofee and then the baby falls asleep and you can't sleep anyway and then last night, I was up, I was holding baby I was nursing her and I left the TV on and there all this infomertial that you would never see if you only watch TV during the day. All these infomercial about how to become a refrigirator repair man and then... she fell asleep on my boob and I was dozing off and I was finally, finally sleeping and then the refrigirator did that... someone should put that refrigerator out of its godforsaken misery That's smells nice You're burning it. It smells nice Where the hell is Addisson? Where is the hot of a brother-in-law? Does he know how to do a post-op exam? I'm his highest profile case in years. Dr Shepherd has another complicated case, and Addisson's consulting. - It's a woman who's mirroring - I'm dying! Alone... The trials of Seattle's wretched refuse do not interest me. - You're not alone. - Right I have you. - That's the drugs talking - Right. And Naomi's all, "Archer, honey, you okay?" You hit the deck. That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard in my life. Well, it's not my theory, it's Addisson's but it's a compeling one. I'm not hung up on my ex-wife, I divorced her willingly. I have asthma, all right? It's medical. Not emotional. I always liked Addisson. I don't always like everybody but I always liked her. She smells nice, she's polite and she saves babies. So what happen to the brother? - Was he lost at birth, raised by wolves? - He's not always such an ass. - Yeah he is. - Dr Bailey do me a favor Help me set this idiot straight. Will you please find something medically wrong with me. I do my best. - What? - How does a woman go from you to Archer Montgomery? That's a nice compliment. That is? It's a compliment? Right? And, how do you stand by and watch? - Why would you want to? - Well, Archer is an old friend Not an old friend, he's like family. We go back and... he was gonna die... I thought he was gonna die and I knew that I couldn't stay in LA while that was happening. I couldn't wrap my head around it. - It's an old college friend dying. - But he's not. He's not dying. And now, you're just up here in Seattle watching your wife, stand by her highly unlikable boyfriend. - Ex-wife. - Right. Life never turns out the way you thought it would when you were young, does it? I'd like you to run a post-op C.T on Archer Montgomery. I thought Shepherd nixed that idea. He's not worried... I am. I'm about to call a bunch of newspapers and tell them about this medical miracle. I can only do that if it was indeed a miracle. And Derek has a lot going on already so - No need to bother him... - Okay, fine. I keep it under wraps as much as one can wheeling a hopped-up blowhard around the hospital I think your patient needs a little more than sleep. She's maniac. She's got a real sleep dep. I'm thinking... Post Partum psychosis I know, I just got off the phone with her husband. He's gonna get the baby. He's gonna pre-admit Rachel to the hospital. What? You think you would have mention the psychosis thing I was chewing on it. I told you she needs help. - You were using me to buy time. - I was using you to do what you do well. I just don't stick needle into people, Violet. I'm a doctor. If you had consulted with me, treat me like a partner, I could've told you she needs more than acupuncture, but instead, you treated me like a baby-sitter Cooper's the baby-sitter. You're the mommy-sitter She needed sleep, I needed you. You keep everything to yourself, Violet. This practice is about sharing, you used to know that. I don't think you're mad about Rachel, I think you're mad about me. Why? 'Cause I might be the father of your child you won't even talk to me about? My baby's crying. She's crying, where is she? - Rachel, she's okay - She's okay, you're okay. - Rachel look at me. - I can hear her, I can hear her crying. Cyndi! Cyndi, mommy's coming. Where is she? There's evidence of hemolysis. Damn it! Damn it. Can I ask you something? Are you happy? My brother just had a brain surgery No, I know, I just... I'm with Izzie Did you hear we're together now? She's a mess. She's a mess and I know it's my own fault I'm always picking the crazy chicks. Present company excepted. I love her. I do, I love her, and I wanna be with her, except I kinda don't. I kinda want to run 'cause it's like there's a train coming. There's... I can feel the ground shaking. Something's coming, and I kinda just want to run, go somewhere new, start over like you did. So I'm asking, are you happy you did it? Did it work? I didn't run, Alex. I walked. I walked away. - There's a difference. - But are you happy? Recheck the labs and titers. I want to make sure, absolutely sure, before I give that family catastrophic news. Give me my baby! Give her to me. Give me my baby. - I was just gonna give her a bottle. - She's fine, Rachel. She's fine. Come back to my office. Everything's fine. You need rest. I want her. I want her. Give her to me. Why won't you give her to me? I didn't mean to hurt her. Please. - I didn't mean to hurt her. - Cindy's okay. She's okay. And she needs you, but, sweetie, you're not any good to her right now. You need to sleep, okay? So why don't you let us take care of her while you She was in the tub and she was crying. She's always crying, and I was asking her to stop. I just wanted her to stop crying. And she slipped, and her head went under, and I reached for her... and then... I held her down. And it was quiet, and I just kept thinking, Andrew won't be home until dinner, and no one would know until dinner, and I could... I could finally get a couple of hours of sleep. So Archer is gonna get another C.T just to be sure. I know. That's good. You okay? Am I crazy, jumping in so fast with Archer? You have someone to care about. He has you. That's a good thing. What? Alex, you, Archer, Mark, Sam you all have new people. I am treating a patient who ran over her husband with a car and he still loves her. While Derek is proposing. Did you hear about the ring? No. What ring? No. Forget it. - You have two. I have none. No fair. - No. Sam? Please. It's an adorable theory, but it does not hold water. I'd lap it up if I were you. I don't have anybody having asthma attacks over me. I'm over her. This is not a panic attack. This is asthma. It's physiological not emotional. I'm over you. I'm here for friends. You are a friend. But I'm over you, okay? I'm over you. - Here. - Shut up. Karev, why haven't I seen Jen's lab results? Dr. Montgomery wanted to run another round of I never saw the first round. Sam's not responding to his meds. What did the preliminary lab results say about Jen's condition? They were inconclusive. That's why I ordered a repeat. Look, it's not that complicated. Either the baby's gonna die or he's not. Either the mother's gonna die or she's not. Would you excuse us for a moment? Look, I have been up all night, too, and I don't appreciate you yelling at My patient. Let me know when the damn test results get in. - What was that? - That was we're having lunch, the three of us. And you're gonna be on your best behavior. - How's Rachel? - She's stable. I sedated her with benzos, got her started on an atypical antipsychotic. She'll have to stop breast-feeding, which is not ideal, but... what if mine doesn't sleep? - she'll sleep. - What if she doesn't? Then I will stay up with her while you sleep. What if I go crazy? What if I get postpartum psychosis and depression? What if I try to hurt the baby? Or what I if I just have a terrible child? Seriously. What if I'm the one that gives birth to the sociopath who tries to burn the high school down? Or what if I just screw up in so many ways that no amount of therapy can ever repair the damage that I do to that poor child? Stop. Postpartum psychosis is very rare. This isn't normal. What if mine doesn't sleep? - sorry. - I'm afraid you'll have to step out. I'm a physician, and I'm his girlfriend. You're not his physician, and as for girlfriend, Washington state medical code doesn't consider that a legal role. Fine. Can you just give me some idea of what you're doing for Sam? He's not responding to the meds. I'm his wife. Ex. And I thought you were this one's girlfriend. Are you like this with everyone, or am I just special? Fine. Stay. But no questions. - Post-op C.T everything okay? - I don't know. You know what's weird? You, who has never worn flannel a day in your life, living in Seattle and having a semi-incestuous relationship with your best friend's almost sister. I was gonna say it's weird that I dislike Archer as much as I do, and somehow this you-and-Archer thing gives me hope. - Lexie. - That's the sister? She's a good girl. She's a nice girl well-raised, kind and understanding, sane. She's like you. So if you can find happiness with Archer I'm thinking, maybe there's hope. You really think this thing is real between you and this little girl? I'm afraid to hurt her. - You think Archer's gonna hurt me? - I hope not. Like I said, you two give me hope. Give her another 40 off furosemide and get a repeat chest. - what do you got? - I've been hoping. I... I ran a thousand tests, and I didn't tell you the results cause I was hoping I was wrong, but the baby is severely anemic. His heart's failing. Most likely it's caused by a kell antigen incompatibility in the blood you gave Jen during surgery. It's causing a reaction that's destroying the baby's blood. I'm... I'm so sorry. Don't be sorry. Just tell me how we can fix it. In an ideal circumstance, I'd do an in utero blood transfusion, but this isn't an ideal circumstance. Jen is deteriorating rapidly. She could arrest at any minute, and - the priority has gotta be the mother. - So what are you saying? I'm saying that we have to get the baby out. The baby's 24 weeks. The odds of him surviving but if i take him out, she lives. If we don't, we risk losing them both. He's not ready. He's too little. He's not ready Jen, I know that this is scary, but I'm gonna do everything that My book says he can live if we get him to 26 weeks. That's in two weeks. So let me just... I can stay in the hospital and be on oxygen and keep him in for two more weeks. Jen, your baby is in congestive heart failure. So are you. You don't have two more weeks. You're not taking him out. He's too little. - He's too little. - Would he survive? - If you take him out, will he - he absolutely could survive. I've delivered babies that are one to two days younger even that've survived. I've also lost babies that are several weeks older. It's just a risk. I'm not going to lie to you. But I'm going to do everything - that I can to save him. - Please tell me this isn't happening. There's absolutely nothing else you can do, right? There's no other options? There is an in utero procedure. Wait? What is that? - That's not an option here. - She's strong that's not an option here. The risk is far too high. I'm sorry. You have to do it. You have to fix him. It's your job to fix him. Jen, let me be clear... if we do this and your heart condition worsens or you get another brain bleed, both you and the baby could die. That's not gonna happen. No, it's not gonna happen. Please. Just do the thing where you leave him in. That's what I choose. Leave him in. You cornered me. I come in and say we have to deliver that baby, and then you ride in on a white horse offering some in utero procedure that you know nothing about. Is it gonna kill her or is there a chance? I don't know, Derek. Those are odds I don't like to evaluate in front of a weeping mother clutching her belly. Evaluate it now. Run some tests. Figure it out. Just keep that baby alive and I will keep her alive. How does this happen? She's... She loves this baby. How did this happen? How did I let it happen? How did I miss it? Postpartum depression is very insidious. It sneaks up on you, so it can be triggered by sleep deprivation, then the depression makes it harder to sleep. It's a vicious cycle, and then when there's psychosis I'm tired, too. I am so tired. But I couldn't... I couldn't... how could she do this? You can't understand because you're not in her body. - You can't experience... - it isn't anything you missed, Andrew. You're the dad. You're on the outside. You're as close as you can be, but you are on the outside. And if she doesn't let you in... she didn't tell you what she was feeling. It isn't your fault. Rachel wants to see Cindy. She was asleep for a couple of hours, but her milk let down, and it woke her up What do I do now? How are you? I've seen you and Archer together. We've talked about your sex life. We've talked about my sex life. I'm okay with where we are. - It's fine, Sam. - No, I don't want it toe fine. I want you believe that... dr. Bailey, please give me some good news. Sorry. No news. I ran everything again. You had bronchospasms. We started you on steroids and a bronchodilator, we reintroduced the new inhaler we got you yesterday Wait. You gave him a new inhaler? Was it an inhaler with a corn-based propellant? No how would I know that? Is it a problem? I'm allergic to corn-based propellants. Did you tell me you were allergic to corn-based propellants? But I gave you my inhaler to be refilled, and I specifically requested that inhaler. - I ordered the generic. - He didn't ask you for the generic. We don't keep the brand names on the clinic shel... I was doing him a favor. - Excuse me? - I said "ha!" Ha because I was right. Ha because it was an allergic reaction, so ha to Mark and Addison and you if you believed them. It was not a panic attack. It was an asthmattack. I am not pathetic. I am a man. I am a man with asthma. So ha! Give me some, dr. Bailey. So? She's in no condition to have fetal surgery a surgery that will likely kill her. Only her surgeon has promised... promised to keep her alive, and you want me to say yes. I think the best plan is to deliver the baby, Derek. I have an excellent record with preemies. I nicked her aneurysm. I don't do that. I never do that. I don't know why I did it. I don't know if it was because I was tired... - or sloppy. - Derek, things happen during surgery. They happen to great surgeons who aren't tired and sloppy. They just happen. - Not to me. - This isn't your fault. The transfusion didn't work... The blood didn't match perfectly. That happens If I hadn't have nicked the aneurysm... she wouldn't require blood. It is my fault. It is. If that baby dies, I can't live with that. Please. Addison, please. Okay, I'll do it. - how you doing, Jen? - If you're saving my baby. I'm great. Heart rate shot up to 134. Jen, are you panicking? I need you not to panic. I'm not. I'm not panicking. I just... - I just... I can't really breathe. - Her lungs are filling up with fluid. - Push another 80 of furosemide. - Bring in the crash cart. She's in and out of a psychotic state. Until the medication is totally in her, until she's treated, she could hurt her. - She could snap her neck. - but she's not gonna be alone with her. - She'll be monitored the whole time. - Well, all it takes is a minute. She stopped herself, Violet. She had a horrible impulse. She did a horrible thing. But she stopped herself and came to us for help. I know. It's just... she could've killed her. Do we want to be the ones who put her back in her mother's arms and then something terrible happens and they think, what were they thinking? But you can't just cut her out. You can't take her baby away from her. She needs that to get better. You can't cut a parent out. Just stop it. Just stop it, Pete. This is not about you. This is not about us. Violet, here, look at me. Look. You just said it. It's not about you or Pete. We know that you know more about what's going on in her head. So as far as I'm concerned, I'll back you with Andrew. If you advise him to keep the baby way, I will back you, but Rachel is not a criminal. She's a good mom, a mom who wanted this child. And if there's a chance that her staying bonded with this child is gonna help her hold on, help her get better... don't you think we ought to give her that chance? The hormones are insane. They're like... god, they're insane. I mean, already it's like I'm not me. I mean, mostly I am, but sometimes it... I'm just not. And my hormones are in the normal range. Hers were not. So we can't be emotional. - We have to be responsible. - So you cut her out. You decide. You cut her out. - I'm gonna hug you now. - That would be good. - I knew we shouldn't have done this. - You can do it, Addison. Keep going. - Pulse ox is only 88. Keep going. - Shut up. Damn it. You cornered me. I let you corner me. This... This is the hot dog thanksgiving all over again. You know what. Your mother breaks her wrist, so the day before thanksgiving, you invite 34 people over to our house without asking me, knowing I've never cooked a turkey in my life. Your sister gets salmonella, and your mother, who never liked me, accuses me of trying to kill everyone, and then you... make hot dogs, and you're the hero. It's the exact same thing, Derek. You make some cavalier statement, then I gotta do all the work, and no matter how it turns out, you're the hero and I'm incompetent. - Her respirations are stabilizing. - How's her pulse ox? It says 92. Lungs are clearing. You did it. I did it. I did it. - Who's the hero now? - Shut up. - How are you feeling? - Little more awake? You took scans. Derek's nowhere to be found. What the hell is wrong with him? Does he even know? Derek's still in surgery. Let's not keep you in the dark any longer. Just give 'em to me. What? Well, here and here, those are persistent cysts. Those are parasitic cysts. See, Derek didn't get it all. I'm going to die. I could die any minute. Just admit it. Your mother never liked me. She didn't dislike you, it's just, when you gave Nancy salmonella, - it didn't help - Come on She hated me long before I poisoned your sister. She hated me from the moment she met me, and that never changed. She thought that I was rich and privileged and wrong for you, and that's why she didn't give me the ring. Just admit it, so at least then I'll know that I wasn't crazy for 11 years. She hated you. Thank you. - You two finished here? - What? - What's wrong? How's Archer? - Take a look at these. - Who ordered these? - I did. - Why? - Just look at 'em. Stay close. Stay right there with them. - Hold them both. - I love her. I know, I know. It's gonna get better. You're gonna get better. You're gonna be okay. I know. I'm so sorry. My baby, I'm so sorry. Mommy's so sorry. I'm headed back to the bar. You guys want... why is it so quiet in here? - What, somebody die? - That's not funny. I slept with Amy Garrison. - What? Who? - When? You're talking about my girlfiend, sophomore year? You went to Atlantic City with a bunch of guys, and she was lonely. And I slept with her, and I'm sorry. - Archer, you don't have to do this. - No, I have to. I'm dying. I'm dying and... I wrecked your car, too. - the plymouth? - Elsie Jacobs wrecked that car. No, it was me. And I was sleeping with her, too. - what? - I'm so sorry, man. Dying or not, I'm gonna kick your ass. What about Nai, you sleep with her while she was married? - No! - Of course not. But I shouldn't have slept with her at all. I shouldn't have done that. A man doesn't do that to his friends. - I'm so sorry. - What do you mean, you're sorry? - What, you're sorry you're with me? - No, I'm sorry... I have feelings for you. I'm sorry I'm gonna die and leave you alone. I'm sorry for everybody I ever hurt. I'm sorry for all the lies I ever told. I'm sorry I'm not gonna live long enough to be a better man, to be the man that you deserve. I'm so sor... the next time I save your life, archer, a simple thank you would suffice. If you were a neurosurgeon and not just a neurotic, you would know that it's common for a C. S. P to temporarily fill with fluid post surgery Repeat a C. T. In a month, and this will be clear. What, you mean he's gonna be fine? He's gonna be an ass like he's always been. I get what you're doing for Violet. Please tell me you're not changing your mind. I get that she's your best friend. But there comes a point in time when you can't have a woman be your best friend because there's a more important woman in your life. There should be. But you and Violet, it's... intimate... and she needs you. And I think, at the end of the day, you need her. And I'm outside of it. It's your thing... your thing with violet. And you want me to be a part of it, but... I don't have it in me to make it work that way. I'm supposed to be your best friend, ooper. I'm doing the best I can... for the baby. That's all I can do. And you don't think your baby needs a father? You think that Uncle Coop is gonna fill that void? Cooper gives me support, no strings. And that's what I need. - That's all I can handle right now. - I get that he loves you. He might even love your kid. But... it's not the same. It's not what's best for your baby. If I'm the father... you give a great speech, Violet, but really... all you're thinking about is you. That should be me in there. You wish you'd just had parasites removed from your brain? Always thought that when we got older, we'd be there for each other. If one of us got sick, the other could hold their hand and, you know, be there. Of course you did. That's what you do for your wife. Well, ex-wife now. It was an asthma attack. Either way, I'm gonna go home to my husband, with whom things have been difficult lately, and I'm going to hug him and kiss him and thank him for... all the good things that he is that I sometimes don't bother to notice. And I have you to thank for that, cause I'm not gonna make your mistake. I don't want to end up standing outside the window, watching my life go on without me. Ex-life. Sorry about the C.T., About the second-guessing... and about Archer. He's sorry, too. He's grateful. He just... - He won't admit it. - I know. Okay, there he is. There's the heartbeat. - How's he doing? Is he okay? - Heart rate's regular and he's active. - So... it worked? - It worked. God, thank you. Thank you. - Honey. - Jenny. Honey, you did it. - The baby's here. You're here. - And we're okay? Everybody's okay. You got a tough little boy in there. - He's a fighter like his mom. - we're okay? I was so scared, Rob. I was so scared. I kept thinking the tigers would think I was baby cut... of... blue... of making baby cut... She's not making sense. Why isn't she making sense?