I had lunch alone. I ran my errands over the weekend alone. It is what it is. What does that even mean? I want my friend back. Well,that could be tough,the way you sandbagged her. We have to fix this. Maybe. maybe sam and naomi should work together. -Maybe that's the answer. -Maybe it is what it is. You know what? There's something wrong with you. I'm calling violet. No,don't--don't call violet. -Hello? -We have to do something. -Tonight? -About sam and naomi. There's nothing too. -Are--are you with pete? -Conference call. Remember the good old days-- sam and naomi together,the practice running in harmony? You--you didn't work here then. That's not the point. The point is we must return to the way it was. Days of yesteryear? Bad idea. No,no,actually,it's a--it's a great idea. Hold on. I'm gonna get coop. No,don't get coop. how come I didn't know any naughty schoolgirls in high school? I did. Pete,are you at violet's? No. Technology. Conference call. We're doing an intervention. Ending the war--sam and naomi,peace at the office. Oh,I'm in. I'm not getting involved,people. We are gonna put them in a room and create a supportive,nonthreatening environment. I need someone to lick my lollipop. I gotta go. D-don't hang up. are--are we agreed? Yep,tomorrow,first thing-- operation "get naomi and sam back together. " I gotta go. Uh,kevin's here. If you hang up,does that mean-- Chinese takeout,bottle of wine,fancy subtitled movie, hot action movie-- whichever you need to be happy. This is exactly what I need. How do you feel about rules? You think we should set rules for naomi and sam? No,no. Rules about dating. -Sex rules? -yes,that's right. Is this you trying to bond with me? No,I'm seekyog ur professional opinion. I'm thinking about setting some rules for myself. Is this about the S.W.A.T. Guy? -You two haven'T. -nope. You're one of those women. I'm not one of those women. I'm cautious. I'm trying to be cautious. -So you don't like him? -I do like him. I just. once you sleep with someone-- I don't know,in the past,I-I messed up. I just don't want to do that again,so I thought if I made some rules-- -but you want to sleep with him? -Yes, -but my rules,I-- what rules? -You need to see a therapist. -Therapists are overrated. okay,just saw 'em in the lobby. They're on the way up. Together? That's a good sign. Yeah,but they're not talking at all. Well,that's a bad sign. Hey,you're back. I am,I am,full-time as of today. Okay,okay. See? Back to the way it was. all right,be strong,be firm and don't take no for an answer. I thought we said no more secret meetings. -It's not secret. -Whose cupcakes? -What is this? -It's an intervention. -Somebody have a problem that I'm not aware of? -Oh,no,no,no. -It's for you,for both of you. -To get you two back. to the way it used to be-- our leaders,together. No. No,that's-- that's not gonna happen. Sorry. Okay,I was being polite. That is exactly what is going to happen. We canceled your morning patients. You two are gonna sit in this room,you're gonna eat the cupcakes, and you're gonna remember why it is that you started this practice in the first place together. And then you are going to agree on a way to move forward, with this practice,together as a family. Don't come out until you're done. braden doesn't speak,doesn't understand when I do. We've been to five doctors. My friend beth said you were amazing with her daughter. Check this O. Look at that. A little guy in there. Please don't just tell me he's autistic. Braden might be processing more than you think,and if he is-- augmentative communication therapy,sensory integration programs-- they haven't worked for him. So he started speaking and. he just stopped at 4? So now you say it could be environmental,it could be genetic,it could be anything. Sometimes kids ecst bome autistic. Unfortunately,it's one of those disorders that just isn't that well understood. You know,you look familiar. Do we know each other from somewhere? -Do we? -I don't know. Maybe I just want to know you. So you'll do something for braden. I'll take a look,I'll see what we can find,and I will do what I can. I promise. Okay. Hey,braden. Cayou follow the light for me? Can you look up? Here. There you go. Hi. It's working, -naysayer. -It is what it is. What does that even mean? You think we're back? I think we might be back. Hey,well, we agree. -You see? -We're all gonna vote. -my way or naomi'S. -What? No. You choose which one of us runs the practice. And we'll abide by the decision. This is a bad idea. This is gonna tear us apart. I warned you. Look,you were right. We can't keep on the way things have been going. -So we will campaign fairly. -Right,no dirty tricks,no bribery. Civil,democratic--the way the practice should be run. Are you suggesting that I want anything else? Do I get a vote? I mean,I am part of the practice. That was the deal,rht? Yeah,of course you are. Right. I-I wouldn't have it any other way. -So,uh,tomorrow at the close of business. Right. We vote. tomorrow. All right? so seeing as you're gonna need votes,I want to start shadowing. I don't have your vote? After I bullied sam into taking you back? You were the reason that I left. U're doing a gamete micromanipulation on friday. I want to assist. Oh,uh,the coles. Um,that's--that's difficult. It is what you promised. I need to get the hours for my midwife certification. I know. It's just that the coles,uh,can be a little bit jumpy. So let me think about it,okay? You think about it. Vote's tomorrow. Sharb-- sharbat qalzai? I am sharbat's father,idrees qalzai. Hello. How do you do? I'm Dr. Montgomery. Sharbat identified you as the top doctor there is for ladies. I would like for you to give her the exam you give your very best patients. All of my patients get the very best,and sharbat will be no exception. So why don't,uh,why don't you come back? stay right here. Oh,hey.I'm not gonna-- I'm not gonna know anything till I get his labs back. -I remember where I know you from. -Nicole? You're the one in the pictures,naked,on that web site. -What? -The dating site for adults. -You saw that? -You are a doctor,a pediatrician-- please,nicole-- how can you work with children? Okay,that site has nothing to. my personal life does not impact the care I give my patients. How can it not? You should not be a doctor. -So you've been having some discomfort? -Sort of. Where exactly are you feeling pain? I know discussing these things can be uncomfortable. But let's see if I can help? My daughter was attacked by a man. I'm so sorry. -When did this happen? -A few months ago. And,uh,is this something that you reported? No. That's not what I want. It is metht soing we do. But if. if you were raped,sharbat,you really should speak to someone. We have a psychiatrist here-- that's not why I came here. Okay. Are--are you still feeling pain from the attack? There is no pain. Well-- no,please. I need you. to make me a virgin again. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Sync:YTET-Âí´ó´ó </font> private.practice Season 2 Episode 4</font> You can make her virgin again. I-I know it's possible. In our culture,sometimes it is done. You're talking about hymenoplasty? That's not something to be done lightly. It is a real surgery with real potential complications, and as much as we could repair the hymen,it doesn't make you a virgin. I am engaged to a man in afghanistan. He will take me and my parents back to our country, where we will be married,where he will take care of us. And he doesn't know about what happened to you? I have not met him yet. He can't know. Her status,it. it is checked. And islamic law says sex before marriage is not allowed. We would be disgraced. I understand. But do you understand that what happened to you is not your fault? I need to be pure. Can you help me? -Coop,do you think maybe we should- - sorry,man.Uh,a little later. Okay,this afternoon then. Just need a couple minutes,big guy. Thanks. His vote is spoken for. It's for naomi. Wait,nothing's decided until election day,violet. This is a campaign ab-about ideas. You hear me? -I-- lost cause. -No. Nobody's a lost cause,except for maybe dell. Dell is a red state. I'm not gettin' involved. I did give him his job back,but he and nai. it's gonna be hard to get over what they had. I'm not getting involved. You know,he quit because of her. Should I remind him of that? I thought you said it was gonna be civil. So civilly,I'll remind him of how bad it was. Bad timing,coop. Board's got a couple of bigwigs in,and if I get one more complaint about how many surgeries I should be-- I am not in the mood. My day's worse. I don't feel like having sex ever again. -Then what are you doing here? -I came to talk. You wanted to talk. You're not talking. Do you think I'm a pervert? I am too busy for this. Hey,does this not bother you? We're both in the middle of tough days,we can't en discuss it with one another? I don't want to discuss it,cooper. I want to get through it. Maybe that's the difference between you and me. I don't know how to get through mine. What happened? A patient's mother recognized me from an adult web site. -She does not want me to treat her son. -That's absurd. You don't worry about that,a patient recognizing you from your private life? One has nothing to do with the other. Besides,I took mine down. You didn't? How many sites are you on,coop? Ftwo? Ive? Ten? Ish. Your patient might be right. There is something wrong with you. I'm a good doctor. I want to help this kid. She wants to be revirginized? Essentially,yes. But I just can't see sewing her back up. It just feels wrong. Okay,s-so wait a minute. You're going to deprive this girl of the life that she wants because you have issues with it? I-- she's a victim,and you're not gonna help her? I just feel like I am colluding with the whole system. Well,you are. You have to tell her no. -On what grounds? -Legal,moral,humanitarian. What'd you get in medical ethic the test is beneficence and autonomy. What is beneficent about helping a young girl indulge a chauvinist fantasy by sewing up her vagina? Yeah,but the question is not whether the doctor thinks it's right,is it? It's whether the patient does. she should really talk to someone. If you want to bring her in. I already asked. She's not interested. She won't even call the police. Call the police about what? addison has a patient who wants to be revirginized. So she can marry a man she's never met. -And that's against the law? -She was raped,sam. -Well,that's awful. -Yeah,it's awful. But if addison does this,then the girl goes back to kabul to marry a man she doesn't know, who'll only have her if her hymen is untouched? That's wrong. It's like violating her twice. -Yeah,but it's her choice,isn't it? -Choice? That girl will likely live under a veil in a clay hut in a country where she could be stoned for listening to a madonna album. You think she understands she's choosing that? Meg? Hello,peter. -Meg? -Meg. Did he ever mention her to anyone? If you vote for me,I promise to tell you everything I know. -Sam. -I'm just kidding. -Who is she? -She was,uh. she was something. where do you think he knows her from? Addison? -So you will do this? -Please sit. I ran your labs. -Is someone still hurting you? -No. You said you were raped months ago,but there are traces of sperm, sharbat,which indicates something is still happening. It's not rape. There was never a rape. I didn't mean to lie,to take it this far. I have a boyfriend here,and I love him. But your father arranged a marriage to someone else. My parents-- they did not know about the boy. He's not from our culture. So I told my mother-- I told her I'd been raped. I thought she'd understand that this meant I could not marry this man,only she found a way. -a way for us all to be happy. -Happy? My father drives a cab. He used to teach university. My mother,she is lonely. They came here for me,but they are miserable. This man,he will bring us all back and take care of us. But only if you're a virgin. If i'm a virgin,we can go. We can be happy. I want them to be happy. Uh,I just wanted to apologize for pushing you so hard when I first took over. That--that was wrong,and,uh,okay,look, I know that you and violet are joined at the hip,and she's gonna go for naomi, but you are your own man,and I've got a lot of great ideas-- do you know anything about acquired aphasia? Ac--uh,a bit. This kid came in. He presented with what looke but I think it might be something else. -Why? -Well,we had this moment of. eye contact. All right. Well,autistic kids make eye contact. I know,but this was real. It really seemed like he wasonnecting. Kid stopped talking at 4. You think there's any chance he's having seizures in his sleep, so maybe nobody noticed? You think I'grasping? Uh,I think you're a good doctor, and if you figure that there's something going on,then there probably is. Oh,this vote thing makes you and naomi nicer. Well,not everything is about the vote. You're a good doctor. You'll figure it out. big office,oh,view of the ocean, patients who can,uh,pay the bills-- so what's wrong? You said you were here for a developing nations conference. You never mentioned psychoanalysis. I thought I'd stop in while I was in town,but look at you. You need help--your eyes,your--your face,your energy. It'S. the practice is going through a rough patch. You're going through a rough patch. You know,uh. I always hated the way you did that,knew everything. It's a curse. But come on. You need a change. -Like what,aid mission to the congo? -Ghana. I'm going to nalerigu to organize a malaria program. Oh,the peter I remember never hesitated. He jumped in and did what needed doing. Then again,the peter I remember would've thrown me down on this desk ten seconds after I walked in. Have they come out of pete's office yet? Th-the. blinds are still drawn. I don't know what to do. We wait until they come out,and then we interrogate him or her. No,about my patient sharbat. She lied. She wasn't raped. -She lied? -She has a boyfriend. She freaked out,couldn't tell her parents the truth,knew that it would come out. Y-you don't lie about rape,ever. I know,but-- no,there's no buts. That's what makes people doubt women. One woman does that-- I don't care the reason-- it's--it's bad for everybody. Damn it. I hate that. you shouldn't do this,the surgery. But I thought that-- she lied,addison. If she's some girl who's sleeping around and telling lies and making real victims look bad,no,she made her bed. You don't lie about rape. That's one of my rules. Now that's the peter I remember. Just doing what has to  done. what's that on your back? I don't know. Sand fly bite. I get 'em all the time. You get sand fly bites all the time? Yeah,I live 20 meters off the kunu river in nigeria. That's the least of my problems there. Sand fly bites don't have annular lesions like this. Stop worrying. It's a bite. it's an insect bite,right? Wo what bit you and did that? I don't know. Probably a sand fly. I've been living in nigeria. -so how do you know pete? -We were residents together. Then we did doctors without borders for a couple of years before he moved here. Pete did doctors without borders? -When was that? -15 years ago. He was supposed to take a couple months off, but then he met somebody,married her,settled.down here. -He never told you about it? -No,but you can tell us. Pete's a very private person. He's very shy. He's very shy. He doesn't like to brag. Uh,trust me. He's not shy. Well,I-I didn't mean shy in the--the "shy" sense. So what was he like then? Amazing. Amazing doctor. Well,you know. We've only seen pete do eastern medicine. We've never seen him in action. One time we were,uh,treating these children in bosnia. The orphanage was under mortar fire. An evacuation was ordered,but it was impossible to get the kids out. Peter refused to leave the kids behind. He stayed with 'em through the night. Most of the kids survived because of him. -Pete did that? -Our pete? You know,it's funny. "pete. " To me he was always "peter. " Peter. Hey,you got a minute? To snoop about meg,or hock me for a vote? This is not about the vote. -This is about the practice. -okay. And the direction that it is headed in. Nai-- and I think that I can sum up everything you need to know about the difference between sam and me and the way we see this practice into one word- -defatalator. -Defatalator? It was an experiment,a lead-in to a total wellness program. It's a shame you didn't have it in west africa. He didn't have much of a choice. Another doctor in the practice was pressing him into trying to bring in business-- something I would never do. -Hi,I'm naomi bennett. -She's campaigning. And you're the anti-defatalator candidate? It's a little more complicated than that. Is it? To what do I owe this surprise? I've got this coming weekend off,and I was thinking you,me,cabo san lucas. A weekend away-- palmilla,very fancy,perfect,clear blue waters. We could get away. -too much? -No. Yes. No. Ye-- yes.no. Here-- here's the thing-- um,we've been out a few times, and,um,it's--it's-- it's been great. I. I really like you-- is this where you break up with me? No,no. It's just,um. I have these rules. They're stupid rules,really. But,um,in the past,when I didn't have rules,it--it-- it didn't go so well. My--my--my point is that now that I have my rules. I don't want to break them. You know? Yeah,I have no idea what you're talking about. I want to know,but,um,rules? -Sex rules. -Rules about sex. You know,a hotel mean a room,a room means a bed,a bed means- - you have sex rules. -I'm waiting. -Until marriage? -No! No. no,no. I-- just till,um. until it feels right,until I'M. sure. Okay. So we'll wait. I'm good with waiting. I'm happy with waiting. -Really? -No,but I can wait. and I am sure. -Go away. -This will just take one second. I don't want to hear your rationalizations. braden might not be autistic. Is this some sick idea-- no. He might have something called landau-kleffner syndrome. In kids like braden,that lose the ability to communicate,they might be having seizures. At night. You don't notice them,but it causes problems with the synapses in their brain. They start misfiring. It impairs their ability to communicate,and when they can't communicate,they withdraw. And the thing is,with corticosteroids,with anticonvulsants,it might be treatable. The first page has the name of three excellent pediatricians. The rest is all the research I could find. you know,we were both on the web site. In order to know I was on the web site,you had to be on the web site,too. So,you know,I'm just saying,you're the pot calling the kettle. pervert. I'm a good doctor. I want to help your son. Dell,I've been thinking a lot about what you asked this morning, and I still don't think that you assisting with the coles is a good idea, but the hennesseys are coming in for a similar procedure. -How about shadowing me then? -Yeah. That would be nice. Thank you. Thank you. Look,dell,I know we've had a difficult patch,but we have a history. And,uh,I hope you know how important you are to me and to the practice. though I'm the one who gave you your job back. -Yeah,well,after I begged you to. -Excuse me. Dell,I know that you're the person that keeps this practice running. And I understand that you want to be doing more. And I think you should. I think you're ready for it,ready for more than just "shadowing. " Sam. Uh,dell and i were talking,so-- oh,I'm sorry.All right. Well,when you're done with all-- stop by my office for a few,all right? You know what? Sam doesn't care about you. All he cares about is the bottom line. Oh,well,you've seen what the bottom line with naomi is,right? You keep her secrets,you hide her mistakes,then you just wait for the ax to drop. You know what? Sam doesn't care about what this place is supposed to be. Well,this place wouldn't be anything but broke if she's running things. Is this how you expect to get my vote? You can't change what you did. You know,and we can't live with what you're doing. Why are you fighting with me? I'm making progress here,all right? I'm getting us up out of this hole. You know what? Because people aren't happy. People aren't happy,or you're not happy because it's not your way? -My way? -Well,that's what it all comes down to,right? democracy in action. Why don't you just admit it? I'm the one who did everything in the beginning! I think lies are contagious. Pete not telling us about his past is not a lie. It's an omission. Fine,that's one thing. -You lied about charlotte. -I told you. And now I have to not tell everybody else. That's a lie. -Sam? -Secretly sleeping with naomi. Lie. Lie. -Dell? -Kept naomi's secret. Omission. Lie. Addison? Well,her patient lied about being raped. But I guess I can't hold that against her. You know what,addison? You may be the only one here that's trustworthy. Low bar. Do you really think you can help him? If we give braden prednisone now,it'll absorb into his bloodstream in a matter of hours. Bere he goes to bed,we could know if it'll help. Did you really work in africa treating kids with river blindness? -Have you heard the story about him and the bosnian orphans? -No! -Where did you hear about that? -In the ladies room. What do you people do in there? Why didn't you tell us you had this whole past,pete? Peter. -Peter? -It was a long time ago. You really like her. Look. sharbat. I know you want this. -You think you want this. -It's the only way. It may be the only way for this man you're supposed to marry,but for you-- you need to figure out what's right for you. Look,you told your mother about the rape. Tell her about this boy you love. Do you really want your future to be based on a lie? Have you been having fatigue,headache,joint pains? I've been on and off airplanes all month in half a dozen different time zones. Y-yes,I have. Oh,come on,sam. What is it? There we go. This. That was in my back? Yeah. It's the remnants of a tick. Probably been in there a week or so. Pete was right. These things can cause a nasty infection. If you would've let it last any longer, you could have wound up withserious cardiac problems,encephalitis- - well,thank you. Well,you can thank peter. I don't suppose I could pay you off to say it was a sand fly bite? you decide what to do? I decided the truth seemed better. Hey,speaking of which,uh,why is it that no one seems to know anything about you? -You know me. -Apparently we don't even know your name. peter. Look,the past is the past. I'm not one to dwell on it. But meg--she seems like a good part of your past. She's here now. Then she'll be gone. So. -it is what it is. -Unless it isn'T. You could not let her go. You know what your problem is? You are a romantic. You don't want them running this place together. You want them together-- sam and naomi the way it was, you and naomi the way it was. What's wrong with that? I like the way it was. thank you. What sharbat is asking for,what she wants to give up is a lot. And I thought you should know the truth. I knew. Mothers are mothers. What she couldn't tell me,I knew. I'm sorry. I don't understand. You let her say she was raped? If she broke the trust that her father and I have in her,it would be her sin. She would have felt shame. It was easier for her to say it was someone else'S. We've talked. Now will you do the surgery? sharbat,no matter what I do,I can't make you forget what you had here. I love my parents more than anything in this world. I just want to take them home. Please,if I don't bury my past,my family will have no future. No,no,no,I'll tell you what-- stop,stop talking. -Just listen--listen towhat I'm saying. -Wait,no,no,no. I'm gonna tell you what. You got me out of the marriage. Now what you can do is you an addison can go ahead and take over the practice. -For the last time-- probably not the last time. -maybe I'll go work over at st.Ambrose. -no,really,I'm sure that i could find a job there. -since we've already had itthree times. Addison-- if you don't mind,we're trying to have a private conversation. I don't care. Great. Look,maybe this is my fault. I pushed us to try to recapture the past,what we had,what this place ed to be. But the past is cluttered with anger and mistakes,and we need to bury that. It doesn't matter who did what when. It matters what we want to do now,what we want this place to be going forward. We need to focus on patients,and we need to earn money. We need naomi and we need sam,the best of bothf you. And this vote,it's a bad idea,an idea that we might never recover from. We shouldn't do it. Let's sit down and figure out what we want this place to be,together. If you force us to choose between you,that will create scars that won't heal. We need to move forward,not back. We vote at the end of the day. sharbat.are you ready? He's just a boy. He's a nice boy,but we would not last. He's young,he's got college,he's so american. He's not my future. I nt to do this. So,yes,I am ready. Doc. tor? Thank you. for the truck. you're welcome. he started 45 minutes ago. He woke up. Whatever you are,you are a wonderful doctor. So we're really gonna do this? I'm not voting. I won't be part of this. Well,let's just--let's count the votes we have. Sam. naomi. Addison. Okay,whoever did that,it is not funny. Addison. Addison. Addison. No. No,no,no,no,no,no,no. No. No. -Nice speech. -It won my vote. Congratulations,boss. Even you voted for me? If either one of them had won,this place still would have been divided. What am i supposed to do now? Figure out what the future is. Figure out what the new rules are. You think rules really work? So long as you remember they're meant to be broken. Hey,violet. about what happened in your office-- I don't--I don't want to talk about that. -Are you sure? -Yeah. We're not- -we're not going there,addison. It is what it is. I'm sorry,naomi. If I could go back and change what I did. how I treated you. I messed up. I'm sorry. Thank you. for worrying about me. You know,I really could use you in ghana. Don't you remember what it was like? No matter what godforsaken part of the world we were in, no matter what disaster or disease we were fighting, people always responded to you. That's a gift. Don't waste it here. I'm part of something I believe in-- building it,making it work. I like it here. I also like you here. Yeah,except for the smoking. I forgot you came with cigarettes. So is that an invitation? Something like that. But you gotta quit smoking. I don't change for anyone. nice outfit,fraulein. Get over here. No. Do I look like a person who takes no for an answer? I would very much like it if we could spend the evening. talking. Again with the talking? I'm serious. We're gonna get to know each other. Why? Because,herr charlotte,I want us to be about more than sex, because I want to know you and you to know me,like normal people. for instance,me. I'm from akron. I'm an only child. I was adopted,and I never cared. I never sought out my birth parents because my parents were great,are great. And,uh,I spent summers working at a camp in indiana, which is when I realized that I loved children and, uh,decided I wanted to be a pediatrician. My favorite color is chartreuse because I like the way it sounds coming out of my mou-- chartreuse. -Chartreuse. -Chartreuse. That is a good word. Okay,now it's your turn. well. I'm from monroeville,alabama. home of harper lee,who wrote-- "to kill a mockingbird. " Right. Which is my favorite book. Yes,I read. -I'm glad you called. -Yeah. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-