racingcould be better than sex? well,if it'sbetter than sex,I'm not taking you again. okay,almost better than sex. the door's open. Kevin... whoa,be careful,kevin. stay put. L.A.P.D.! Get on the ground! -archer? -You're dating a cop? Archer,this is kevin. Kevin,this ismy brother archer. Will you putsome clothes on,please? what are you doing here? I missed you. And you said you're happierwhen I'm here,so I took some time off. Here I am. I figure that we can seewhat this is. Right now,it's a great surprise. I have another surprisefor you. Does it involvethe kama sutra? Hey,that is great,but there aremore natural waysto quit smoking. Oh,well,you're the expert. Where do we start? I went for a swim. I think she's a neighbor. So I invited her into be neighborly. this is L.A. No one is neighborly. Well,in that case,you really should do somethingabout your alarm system. Then again,you do haveyour own private copto keep you safe. Oh,god. it's good to have you here. I missed you. I can't findthe barolo. -Top shelf. -The writing's italian. he's nota moron. He's smart and funny. And by the way,he not a cop. He's S.W.A.T. That's so very different. -oh,you are such a snob. -Takes one to know one. -So you in townfor long,archer? -No. My publisher suckered meinto attendinghis winter launch party. They parade new authorsand their booksto foreign buyersand agents. He needed sometar power,so I figured it wouldgive me an opportunityto come see you and get drunk. yes. See,archer used to bea world-class neurologist. But now he makes his livingtelling tall talesabout hismost disturbing patients. But really,he's hereto spy on me for bizzy. Bizzy? God forbidshe should let her childrendefine her identityby calling her mother. She's not happy with you. Youleft derek. You left seattle. She thought you'd come backto civilization. L.A.'S not civilization? L.A.'S sodom andomorrahas far as she's concerned. And wait until I tell hera forbes montgomeryis dating a cop. -no offense. -None taken. so in your sessionswith mr.Jarvis, did he give youany reason to believehe harbored inappropriatefeelings toward children? I only had three sessionswith hal. We discussed his divorce,his job,his feeling isolated. So they weren't aboutpedophilia,child abuse? Was he strugglingwith any sexual issues? -Not that we discussed. -Great. Now in yourprofessional opinion,does the fact that mr.Jarvis was found in possessionof pictures depicting childrenin minimal clothing indicate that he'sa danger to children? Well,any psychiatristwill tell youthat simply possessing materialsdoesn't make someone a threat, but...it's a risk factor-- but risk factor's don't mean's a predator,do they? No. So is it plausiblethat mr.Jarvis could havea pleasant conversationwith a young girl like jody sampicawithout her being in danger? It's possible. No further questions,your honor. Attorns? uh,dr. Turner,not so fast. -okay,so the office is nice. -Quit spying and sit. I'm just taking it all in. We gave her the onewith the best view. Mine has a palm treeright in the middle of it. A generous doctor. Now he's appropriate. Bizzy would love him. Why aren't you dating him? pete,this is my brother archer. Archer,this is pete wilder,our alternative medicine guru. Wait a minute. Archer montgomery? You didn't tell me your brotherwas archer montgomer well,you know,I'm justso very,very proud of him. Come on. Let's go to the kitchenand get some coffee. You know,I've read your books. The one about amnesiacs--forgettable. Oh,god. -archer,addison didn'ttell us you were coming. -Surprise inspection. -Look at you. -HellO. -Last time I saw you--she had her headover the toiletin bizzy's country house,puking. We're wasps.We drink. Naomi's just gonnahave to learn to keep up. Unbelievable. You try to do your civic duty--I should not have to do this. -What's up? -You guys like pedophiles? 'Cause you're about tohave one here,every day. what? pedophiles? Is this the court caseyou were subpoenaed for,your ex-client? They gave hima suspended sentence,mandated therapy with me,starting today,here. No.This is a pediatric office. We have children here. Well,it's after hours. He has to be out by 9:00,in after 7:00. You--I'm--I'm sorry.I didn't realize-- uh,my brother archer. Archer,violet. Hello. H-hi. Stop that. -Okay,back to the pedophile. -Yeah,yeah,this is wrong. A-a sex offender hereat this office? He's violet's patient. He needs help. You'd rather have himroaming the hallslooking at my wallof kid photos? And what if,god forbid,he should target one of them? Oh,damn it. Dell. I'll talk to him. Is thisa bad time to mention,you're all invitedto a party tonight? Look,dell,I know this mightbe particularly hard on you--you know, I got hit a lot,okay,by someone who made me feel likeif I told,I'd get it even worse. So I can only imagineif it was sexual abuse. All abuse is bad. I know that. -But most abuserswere themselves abused--no,that's a crap excuse. Well,I-I don't like thisany more than you do,dell, -but if you wantto talk about it--he's coming in tonight,right? I'm leaving early. los li I'm notthe only one who objectsto your new patient. Why are you all mad at me? It was a court mandate. Did something else happen? Besides the pedophile? What are you talking about? -You know,I came in herein a great mood--really? -So you and charlotte are--are great.*** I'm thinking about asking herto move in with me. Great. don't worry about money. The clients will be rich. We want the officesto feel rich. You haven't told cooper. Excuse mewhile I handle something. I'm not somethingto be handled. I thought we were onthe same side here. You're opening up a practicethat competes with yourboyfriend's in his building, you're in charge,and you haven't told him? I will find the right moment,and when I--oh, you know,I don't like you,charlotte,but cooper does. So do us both a favor. Just tell him,tonight. So... tell us. Two of your triplets aresharing the same blood vesselsand circulation system. This baby's heartis pumping too hardbecause it's not gettingenough blood. It's becoming starved. This baby's heart is failingbecause it's gettingtoo mu blood. Oh,my god. Wh-what about the third one? Luckily,she doesn't sharethe same blood supply,so she doesn'tseem to be affected. What I'd like to dois operateto separatethe blood supplies. You--you want tocut into me? The babies are showing signsof early heart failure,tess. If we wait on surgery,in 90% of the cases,one or both babieswon't survive, and it could affectthe third. Is is my fault. Everyone kept askingwhen it was gonna be my turn. I wanted a baby so badly. We should've waited. Doing I.V.F.,We were tempting god. God is not punishing you fortrying to have these children. Dr.Bennett put inone embryo,and it dividedinto three babies. Now that's a miracle. They could all die fromthe surgery,couldn't they? That's alwaysa possibility,yes. And if we do nothing,there's a chanceit's all okay? A small one. I'm sorry. We can't do the surgery. We can't interfere again. God will provide for them. He--he has to. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Sync:YTET-Âí´óÅÝ</font> private.practice. Season 2 Episode 7</font> I'm sayinglaparoscopic surgerycomes with inherent risks. Fetal survival rate is what,50% at best? Which is 40% betterthan doing nothing at all. We should push them. Well,you can't push a coupleto go against their beliefs. T.T.T.S.Syndrome in triplets. Two of the babies are affected. Surgery or not? The couple has faith thateverything is gonna work out. Surgery or not? I like this. It's like doctor "jeopardy! "There's definitely somethingto be said about faith. We've all seen cases whereoucan't explain the healing. And we've all seen those caseswhere we do nothingand the patient dies. You did your due diligence. You laid out the options. You gave your recommendation. It's over to them. You really feel qualifiedto judge their beliefs? I'm not sayingthat there isn't a placefor religion in medicine. I'm just saying that I prefer toput my faith in what we can do. Maybe it's not your patient'sfaith that's being tested. It's yours. -He'd be good for you. -shut up. Excuse me. I'm here to see dr.Turner. Hal. Hal,why don't wego back? I don't blame them. What I am... I know it's sick. Well,that's why you're here. I'm sorry I didn'ttell you the truthwhen I came before. That's whyI was so depressed. The secret was crushing me. Do you knowwhat that's like,hiding a piece of yourself, especially a pieceyou hate? Well,secrets are hardon everyone. This may sound crazy,but getting caught... it's been freeing'cause I-I can't hide. I have to get help. I just want to getthe thoughts out of my head, thoughts of these girls. It's awful. It's sick. And if I--if I did anything... what? What would happen? They would becomewhat I am. Because you were abused? and I hated it. And I liked it. And it tore me apart. And I don't want to do thatto anyone. can you help me? I hate L.A. I'm here a day,I already have road rage. Masteroint zero returnsthe body to homeostatic balance. -Relax. -I can'T. You know whatI did all day? I cleaned.I reorganized. Shoot me now. -And I have to put a needlein your tim mee. -Oh,that sounds dirty. It's a specific pointon your wristto help you quit smoking. What I need is more of you. How about you take tomorrow off,wetay in bed all day? If I'd known you were coming,maybe I could've rescheduled. Will you at leastcome home early? I'll see what I can do. Relax. Thank you. Where'sthe prodigal brother? Showing kevin around. Hopefully making nice. Apparentlyarcher didn't appreciatekevin treating himlike a criminalwhen they first met. -you mean when hbroke in like a criminal? -exactly. Well,it looks likethey're making nice now. Can I ask you a question? -Shoot. -Shoot.That's funny. -What are you doingwith my sister? -Excuse me? I bet you're a standup guy,and lord knows, we need people like youkeeping the world safefor people like us. She's gota $25-million trust fund. You thinkyou can get at that? -She has a $25-million--she didn't even tell you. What does that say? Addison forbes montgomeryis a thoroughbred,kevin. She's enjoying you. I see that. But she's enjoying youfor now. Did you tell him y? -Not re. -Not here.Not there. I'm notgonna cover for you anymore. How great is this? My two favorite girlsmaking an effortto get to know each other--how great is that? Oh,how great is this? Unlimited spanakopita. Yeah,no. I'm g--I'm good. -No? -Thanks,no. I'm gonna go,give you two a chance to talk. What do you thinkabout,uh... moving in with me? You having fun? Oh,yeah,yeah. Absolutely.It's great. Is it weird,you and naomi? Oh,well,you know,we made a choice to be apartand keep the business. We're okay. So you're free to date? Because you're sitting alone. Oh,that'S... I like to observe.Yeah. -I'm an observer. -Observing her? Oh,you--you know her? Her name is theresa. She has a thing for authors. -theresa,there's someoneI'd like you to meet. -Okay. Dr.Feelgood. -Hi.Hi there. Good evening. Uh,have a seat. You look likeyou're having a good time. yeah,it's fun. Mm,just be careful. Everyone hereis selling something. -You can't trust anyone. -Yeah,not even you. Oh,come on. You've known me forever. What,you think addie hasn'ttold me all of your secrets? I think addie doesn't knowhalf my secrets. -Meet anybody good? -No. hey,um,so what did youand archer talk about? He was just giving methe lay of the land. I knowhe can be arrogantokay? But he's justhis mother's son,and he's my big brother... and he'd do anything for me. I've got an early day. Uh,maybe I'll go. But archercan get you back,right? Hey,guys. Great party,right? Uh,actually,you know,I think we're gonna head out. -Oh,you don't have to. -No,I want to. Is that okay,nai? Yeah,I'll just get my wrap. Well,wait a minute. You're leaving,too? -Kevin and addisonpicked me up,so--I'll take you home. You sure it's okay? Totally not a problem. A polite houseguestwould have calledto saythey weren't coming home. Good thing i'm not polite. I thought I was doing youa favor staying out,not interfering with youand your boy in blue. He's a man in black. S.W.A.T.Is black. And unfortunately,you wouldn't have interfered. He called things off early lastnight. -What did you say to him? -Nothing. Well,I at least hopyou got naomi home okay beforewhat I can only imaginewas a nightof drunken debauchery. Yeah,I absolutelygot her home. -did you sleepwith my brother? -Yes. You know him. You know what he's like. Yes. He's fun. It doesn't mean anything. It's not gonna go anywhere.And it was great. God,who knew? Who knew that meaningless sexcould be amazing? You had meaningless sex? Congratulations! -with my brother. -oh,nice. -Yes.Yeah.Yes,well,you know,he's very-- -violet! -Sorry. Uh,I-I kn it's difficultto view family membersin a sexual context-- stop,stop,okay? My brother and sexin the same sentence--eww. I thought you and iwere past all this stuff. I thought we were good. I know you're feelingthat this is personal,but,uh,but it's not. no,this is not about you. This is about me. This is about meand a really handsome manwho I was attracted towho wanted me, and--and for once in my life,instead of second-guessing,I just let go. -god. -Why aren't you madat him? Because there isa differencebetween my brotherbeing a whore and best friendconsciously choosingto sleep with him. I'm not your best friend. Can I sleep with him? What happened? Tess faintedat the airport. One of the babies developeda fluid collectionaround his heart. Tess was havingmirroring symptoms. But I'm feelingmuch better now. So is the baby. See? The baby's heart is stabilizedbecause you're resting. Well,I'll justkeep resting then. this is a sign ofincreasing stress on the babies. Things are getting worse. I know what you're thinking,but you know I can'T. Excuse me,doctor. I need to take her vitals. Gregory,I knowyou think god is testing youbecause of the I.V.F it'sa saint gerard majella medal-- the patron saint of childbirthand expectant mothers. "Pray for us,"and we all are,gregory. But sometimes prayerisn't enough,like prayingfor a car to stop. Unless you put on the brakes,it isn't going to. I know that. I admire your faith,gregory. I do. And I have faith,too,faith that god haslots of way to help people. Prayer is good,but so is medicine. I can help them,gregory. Please... help tess see that. Morning. Something wrongwith that tea? I hate secrets. You have secrets? I have somethingthat shouldn't be a seet,but I've made it into one. And now I think the her shoeis gonna drop,and it makesmy stomach feel all... you know what? Maybe I'll skip food today. I ate enough at that party fora week. -Hey,we missed you. -Oh,I was doing acupuncture. -Meg is trying to quit smoking. -Good for her. What? I think she's quitting for me. I don't know what that means. -M-maybe that she cares. -Maybe. You don't like having her back. I don't thinkshe likes being back,except when she's with me. 'Cause you're good company. She's quitting for me,she came back for me,and I just don't feel likeit's about me. the vasculatureis more complicatedthan the ultrasound showed. Yeah,but you can get it. I can,if I could just-- she's having a hyperthermicreaction to the anesthetic. All right,get some iceand a cooling blanket. Let's start an I.V.Dripof dantrolene. I'm removing the trocars. We gotta get her off the tableor we're gonna lose them all. Tess is okay,and so are the babiesfor now. But I wasn't ableto complete the procedure,and tess is too weakto try again. -So--so you--you can't--we can't do anythingright now. You talked me into it,and I talked tess into it. I made her go againstwhat she believes. And now... now they're gonna die. You're in a good mood? You took the morning off. I thght*** The constructionon the fourth flooris for a competingmedical practice that charlotteis going to be running. I wanted to tell you. It's beenkilling me to keep it a secret. But she saidthat she would tell you,and you've been so happy. And you've known thisfor how long? I wanted to tell you! Well,you should've! this is bad,isn't it? yes,dell,it's bad. Come on.How badis it really? Well,let's see.Charlotte is the chiefof staff at st.Ambrose. How many of ushave gotten referralsfrom doctors at st.Ambrose? Well,you can kissall those good-bye. Charlotte king--of allthe pains in the asses. God,poor cooper. how'd he find out? I-I told him. -I've known a couple days. -What? Charlotte's his girlfriend,and she wanted to tell him,so-- why wouldn't you tell us? Oh,okay.Anybody elsearound here held secretsthe last couple months? -I'm on your side. -Oh,good. We're all on the same side,and we are still screwed. Can this day get any worse? Yeah,well,I think ifmaybe we hadn't-- if you tell me I shouldn'thave rented the fourth floor,I may break a door. Hey,you can't go back there. -Cooper. -You used me.You slept with me. You heard aboutour financial problems,our fourth floor problems, and you swooped in and what?What is this about? Don't you dare come down hereusing that tone with me. This is business,and we're personal. And I couldn't tell youbecause I signeda nondisclosure agreementwhen they hired me, and untilthis place was staffed,I couldn't tell anyone. -But violet's known for-- -violet found out somethingshe shouldn'T. I told her I would find the timeto tell you when I could. Now you know. I'm glad you know. so when youlook at the pictures,the picturesof the little girls,what do you feel? Like... I want to be with them. You want to hurt them? No.No. Just touch them sexually? The girls in the pictus... They're fantasies. I don't feel... as guilty... about wanting to touch them. As guilty as? Jody. Jody sampica. What do you think aboutwhen you think about jody? Come on.Now is the timeto be honest. We have to face this. I don't want to hurt her. I-I just... I just want to be with her. I,uh... I imagine driving overto her houseand, you know,stopping and talkingand... and then... she gets into the car... and I take her. And we drive somewhere... away from everyone else. It seems like you thoughta lot about this. I-I-I just want to... talk to her. Just talk? Is that what he told you,the man who abused you? He just wanted to talk. hal,you want to do morethan just talk to jody. I don'T... I don't want to doanything wrong. okay. All right,I'm gonna go get my wallet. You hang here.I'll be right back. Okay,I'm fine. hey,kevin.It's me. Look,I knowyou didn't have a good timeat that party last night, but I haven't heard from youall day. Will you call me,please? Bye. charlotte stands readyto eat away at our practice, those three babiesare probably gonna die,and I can't do anything. What are you doing hereso late? Please don't ask me that. You're seeing archer again? Look,look,I-I know we werejust getting back to normal, and I--and I don't wantto upset that. But I want to be able tosit down with my best friendand tell herwhat's happened to me. I've never had sex with anyoneother than sam, and I didn't know that sexwithout love could be any good,but it... it was great. I'm sorry it was your brother. You slept with archer? -Look,sam-- -and you're okay with this? 'Cause I'm not okay with this. Hey,sam. What's up with you? -sam! -Archer. What's going on? Sam. -Hey,look,iidn't-- -yeah,but you did,didn't you? Look,sam,this is not your place. No,but this is my place,and I have to come hereand hear about this? -Ok-- -everyby,let's just... oh,god. Hey,get the hellaway from her! -I wasn't-- -dell! Dell! What did you sayto my daughter? I wasn't doing anything! What did you do?did hurt you?Did he touch you? -what's going on? -Who is he? -Hal. -No. -Dr.Turner! -go home,now.It's okay. -He didn't do anything. -what did he say to you? nothing. It's okay. I just--I saw him there,and-- I know,I know.We allthought the same thing. No,okay. I thought aboutmy daughter. It's not just about me. I have a 6-year-old girlwhose mother is a drug addicthanging around bad people, and I can't control it. And all I can do is praythat betsey's safefrom people like hal, but I can't protect herand I te it. Because you know whatit's like to be victimized. I was 20,in college... and,uh,a man broke into my dorm... and it was awful... and violent... and... awful. People like you and me,we turn a negativeinto something positive,helping people. But people like hal... they're victimized,and theyjust hurt more people. They cause more pain. I saw him with maya and... I know what he thinks about. I mean,there's--there's thisgirl he keeps thinking about, and I don't know if what he'sthinking about is a planor if it's just somethingthat's gonna stay in his head. You have to stop him. Well,it's not a crimeto think bad things. He hasn't done anything. Yeah,but he wants to. He wants to get better. Is that enough? Did,uh,mayafinally get to sleep? Yeah. She said she felt dumbthat she couldn't figure outthat he was a bad guy. I should've neverleft her alone. You know,I'm not sorrythat I punched archer. Well,you know,you flirtwith girls in front of my faceand get set up on datesin the office. I know.I mean,I know it here. I just--I... I never expected youto be the first one of usto move on. Neither did I. Did ithave to be archer? I didn't plan it,sam. But it happened. And I'm not sorry it did. I mean,you're always talkingabout wanting to live your life. I'm not gonna feel badfor doing the same. That's why we got divorced,isn't it,to live our lives,to be alive? It's good. You should try it. You know what?I'm glad it was me first because now when it's you,I'll know it's okay. I want my key back. I brought you a present. It's all edible. In fact,that's chocolatefrosting you're staring at. Bon appétit. You want me to melt? Supposed to spying on me... Not sabotaging my life. Look,I'm--if I knewit was such a big deal-- did it have to bemy best friend? It was just sex. At least withsomeone appropriate--bizzy likes naomi. Stop about kevin. Then help me understand it. Because I want you to be happy. I do.But I know you. I know who you are,maybe better than anyone else,and this guy... he's not you. He's nowhere near you. I don't know,archer. kevin,finally. Who is this? Kevi kevin,hey. I told leslienot to call you. Shh,shh,shh,shh. I'm here now.We're gonna take care of you. This isn't right,addison. You need to go. Please,just--just--just go. his pressure's down to 80and his sats are dropping. Put a chest tube inand stabilize him. -That's what I'm doing. -Well,do it faster. I told youyou should've stayed hometo make sure I behaved. I don't careabout the cigarette. What are youdoing here,meg? You don't want me here? I do,but you don't wantto be here. You hate it here. I love itwhen you're around. Oh,that'S... it'S...you--y can't put thisall on me. I mean,you don't call,you show up,you blow in,you blow out, you exct me todrop everything,and I can'T. You say that you want us to figure things out,but that's not what you want. You wantto figure things out. And when I know that youdon't want to quit smokingand you don't wantto be in L.A. ,All that leaves is me,and that's too much pressure. And... it doesn't leave meany room to figure outwhat I want. there. Upper right.Perihepatic hematoma. I see it,dr.Montgomery. -If you just-- -I see it. Addison. I'm fi.It's okay. Addison,it's tess. I've got the bullet. go to your patient. Go.Go. I willmake sure he's okay.Go. Okay. her heart stopped beating. The healthy one died?How? Tess' body reactedto the anesthea. Her blood pressureand temperaturewent critically high. The babyjust couldn't take it. I'm so sorry,tess. It's all we wanted,these babies,and now... I shouldn't have talked youinto that surgery. This isn't god,gregory. It can't be,because I know--I know he did not put uson this journeyto take all threeof our babies. She said it,tess. There's nothing we can do. two of my babiesare still fighting. You said to trust in medicine,to trust you. Please,you have to help them. You nearly dieda couple of hours ago,tess. Your body can't takeanother surgery. My body can't takelosing all of them. we could use local,but she'd be awake. There's a riskof hemorrhaging. You could havea heart attack,a stroke. It's too dangerous. I know you putthe mother's life first. I don't want that. You talked me into the surgery. You told me letting her do itwas god providing. I believe that. I have to believe that. And if you believe that,if there's a chance that youcan save these babies, you have to do it. You have to do something. Yes,uh,judge ortiz. I--I'm sorry to call youso late. This is dr.Violet turner. It's about hal jarvis. I thinkjody sampica's in danger. How e they doing? Good. Hang in therejust a little bit longer. I'm scared. I need you tostay with me,tess,okay? Look at the monitor. See the connecting vessels? We're almost there. Laser. in place. And... what happened? I just separatedthe babies' arteries. They're beatingon their own now. You did it. you were supposed to behelping me. All I did was talk to that girl in the lobby. I know that. And I know thatwhatever goes on in your head,you didn't putthose thoughts there. But you and I both knowthat they're there. And when you weretalking to her,they're there. And what starts outas just wanting to talkleads to wantingto do more... like with jody. It's a fantasy. It sounded like a plan,hal. I have an ethical duty toprotect anyone in harm's way,and you know that. And I know youwell enough to knowthat you'd want meto protect jody. You don't want to doanything to hurt her. But you can't control it yet. I haven't done anything. I haven't done anything. I haven'T. I know. I got shot. And I could get shot again. I'm a cop. S.W.A.T. I'm a cop,addison. Stop trying to class it up. I'm a cop who's got a coupleof grand in credit card debt, who goes go-cart racingand gets his news from yahoo! Instead of"the new york times. "I don't fit into your life,and I don'tfeel comfortable in it. So what,you're just... you're justgonna quit on mebecause somebodyput the idea in your headthat you're not good enough? This is my life. And have I ever said oncethat you are not good enough? Don't quit on me. Don't quit on us. you did the right thing,turning hal in I hope so. I wanted to ask youfor a name. Oh,good,good.I'm glad. You know,there are therapistswho specialize in-- I don't want a therapist. I need a lawyer. I'm gonna get custody. I'm gonna protect my daughter. Char. I came down here yesterdayto tell you off,tell you I hated you,and you turned it around. You do this to me,and you pretend that it's okay,that things are normal,and I let you. I slept with you,and I atechocolate off your naked body. But... this is not normal. This is not okay. This isn't about us. I asked you to move in. I was ready for youto be part of my life. But clearly,I'm not part of yours. I'm done,charlotte. you were right. I didn't call because I didn'twant you to say no. I love my work,but there's a hole in my life,and I thought maybe you mightfill it, so here I am. And when you're here,it's great. But when you're not,it's hell. I don't know who I am,I have nothing to do,and I think about work, and I think abouthow pissed I am thatall I can think about is work, and cigarettes are aboutthe only thingthat can calm me down, but if I smoke them... I'm sorry I pushed. I want this to work,peter. I'm sorry I pushed back. But... I don't want yougiving up anything for me. I won'T. You've been around bizzytoo long. You're becoming one of them. We are them. You know what I likeabout kevin? He's real. And he makes me happy. And he doesn't carethat I'm a forbes montgomery. He cares about me--addison. He's not justsome meaningless flingI picked up on the beach,archer. He's my boyfriend. It's time foyouto go home,archer. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-Âí´óÅÝ -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> you saidyou wanted to be ableto sit downwith your best friendand tell her what happened. Really? So long as it doesn't involveme hearing a single detailabout my brother having sex or being nakedor anything that mightmake me feel ill. I can live with that. Come in. private.practice