Better--my wounds.I'm healed.I'm good. I should probablyget back to my place. There are dishes in my sink. Well,that's whygod made cleaning ladies. Don't go yet. Relax. Enjoy the luxury. it's quiet again. I hate this. Charlotte is drivingery referral from st.Ambroseto her practice. And to top it all off,I'm addicted to that coffeefrom the fourth floor. Do you think they drugthe beans? 'Cse it's just... good,too good. You ever think about doingbillboards to compete? Dell,no. Pacific wellcaredoes billboards. P--no.No,no billboards,all right? It's only a matter of timebefore charlotte's patientssee beyondthe french press coffee and find a seaof overrated doctorswith questionable ethics. Uh,overrated doctor withquestionable ethics at 12:00. You're looking good today,monty. Dr.Lockhart. Why are you here? Unless--are you bringing coffee? Actually,no.I'm hereto seethhe oer dr.Bennett. -Naomi? -What do you want with naomi? Well,that'snone of your business. You'll be sure to tell herI stopped by? No. Yet something tells meyou'll remember. This really isa nice office. The wooden beams... it's very"swiss family robinson. "I like the beams. I don't like him. What do you think he wantswith naomi? "Passion fruitpapaya black tea"? I'm thirsty. Boy,you're alsorelaxed and smiley. And your shoulders--I mean,usually they're... like this... but now they're like that. You're being ridiculous. you had sex. You had sex. I don't reallywant to talk about it. I-I just... I want to savor it. Who's the lucky guy? I just want to savor it. Violet had sex. Six weeks on the road? That's a lot of driving,man.You must miss home. A little,but I don't mindbeing in the car. I get to read a lot. I read a lot as a kid,too,and my friendsthought I was weird, and I didn't care,'cause,you know,it was cool. We're on the road. I don't really have to worryabout friends. Have you beentaking care of yourself,checkingyour blood sugar level? Before I eat,but sometimes I feel dizzy. Okay,let's see what's going oyou know the drill. You're reading"three musketeers," huh?You like the epics? I like that world,and I like that no onecan tear them apart. It's 210,which is kinda high,porter. Let's take a lookat that pump. Giving you any trouble? It gets clogged,but my dad fixes it. What about your mom? She diedwhen I was a baby. It's just me and dad. Let's see. -Ouch. -Sorry. Think you havea little infectionnear the insertion point. It doesn't look like you've beenkeeping that really clean. I've been trying,but... but what? Hey,it's okay.You can tell me. We've been sleepingin the car. Tell me whatI'm checking for here. I'm not in med school yet. It never hurtsto get ahead. I'm checking your ovariesfor masses. Everything's great. good. I was a little nervous. Do you have reason to be? I've hadmore sexual partne lately. Okay. More than five? More than ten? 11... this month. That is a lot. I wasn't going to tell you. What's going on? Promise you won't judge me? I'm saving upto go to med school. I've been working part-timeas a call girl. private.practice Season 02 Episode 10</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-ÅÝ -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Kyou'reng,iddiright? It's not as badas it sounds. It's insane. I have to pay for schoolsomehow. Take out a loan. And be in debt till I'm 50? carley. The money's amazing,and the guysare really nice. Last weekend,one ofthe girls met this guy who flew a couple of usout to dubayy for a party, and if I told youhow much we made-- I would still be concernedabout you. I'm fine. Except for one thing,which is kind of why I came. Some of the girlsthink they might havepicked up somethingfrom the party. An S.T.D.? And they were hopingyou could see them. they didn't want to usestudent health. They didn't want wordto get out. I don't like this,carley. Please. I'M... gonna give you my card. I'm gonna write downmy personal cell. Thank you. That means a lot. I'm worried about you. So porter's bloosugaris unstable,um, and he has an infectionfrom not cleaninghis cannula. I'm gonna start himon antibiotics,but he does needa new insulin pump. Oh,how longwill that take? I need to order a new one,so three days,maybe four. I can't wait.I have to be inoregon by the end of the week. I have a job interview. Without a working pump,his sugar level isgonna continue to fluctuate. Well,I'll be careful. No,I'm sure you will,but being on the road presentsa unique set of circumstancesfor a diabetic 12 year old. Porter told me aboutyour sleeping arrangements. You think I-I want my kidsleeping in a car? You know,it was hard enoughlosing my job and our house, and now I gotta livewith the shameof not providing for my son. I know it must be difficult. I need this job,dr.Freedman. If you don't stop,your son could die. It's not a choice,frank. You have to give mea couple of days. I've known carleyfor almost a year. I mean,she's a nice girlworking her ass offto get into medical school. I-I just--I still can't believeshe's doing this. Well,she grew upwith nothing. Now she makes more moneyin a monththan her parents doin a year. The worst partis that she doesn't seemto be bothered by it. Well,she's repressing emotion. It's a defense mechanism to helpher cope with what she's doing. Most prostituteshave low self-esteem. Many of 'em were victimsof sexual abuse. I've met a few call girlsin my day. And we would discusswhy they got into the trade, and it's not because they weretouched inappropriatelyor forced to have sex. Because they don't want youto believe itbecause it kills the fantasy. Don't kid yourself.These girls are victims. Try telling that to carley. Hey,pete.You ever pay for sex? Don't have to. What's up with him? I don't ow. I gotta get back to work. So... you gonnatell us what he wanted? -Who? -Wyatt lockhart. Oh,I haven't been downto talk to him yet. All right,fine. I will go. Claudia jenkins,35-year-old woman, stage ii adenocarcinomaof the lungs. Now usually a patientwith that type of cancerdies within a year. This x-ray was takenwhen I first met her. This was takenjust last week. Oh,my god.That's amazing. That's full remission,thanks tomy aggressive combinationof chemoand radiation protocols. So you asked me down herejust to show offone of your miracles? No.No,no. I brought youdown here because... my miraclewants to get pregnant. what's withthe elevator music? I'm on hold. You know what I'd doif I ever met the guythat picks these songs? What's wrong with you? The diabetic kidI saw this morning? His insulin pump isregistered to someone else. Okay,you can't reuse pumps. I know,so I usedthe serial number to trackthe doctor that installed it. That's who I'm holding for. But this kid's dad--something was off,and they'reliving out of their car. You think they could'vestolen an insulin pump? Well,times are tough. hello? Yes,hi. I gave your secretarythe serial number of... right. Oh,that's awful. No,I... I'm gonna call you back. What'd he say? The kid who the pumpis registered to... he was kidnapped. It's gotta bethe same kid. Same age,same height,same blood type. Well,we gotta callthe police then,let them know we're dealingwith a kidnapping. I want to talk to him first. Coop,this kid could bein serious danger. We don't even knowif frank's the real father. He could be anyone. I saw them together.Porter trusted this guy. And if frankwas some stranger,he wouldn't have let meexamine porter by myself, and the kid could have told meto call the cops. What if you're wrong? Frankgets spooked,he takes off. This could be your only chanceto save this kid. Why are you giving mea patient when theest of your practicehas done everythingthey can possibly doto undermine us upstairs? He's not. Perhaps dr.Lockhartsn'twa clear. Claudia jenkinsis our patient. She's part ofan ongoing clinical study. She's continuing cancertreatments. You'd be consulting. you want meto work for you? I have work upstairs. tell you what,if your patientwants fertility treatments,have her give me a call. No one who's survivedthis type of cancerhas ever been ableto conceive. Thought you likeda challenge. With your help,I can get her pregnant. We can get her pregnant. is this you? Yes. I write,too. Well,short stories,mosy,but,um, I would love to hearhow you got started,if you ever hadsome time. You'll call me? Um,the,um,kidnapped kidis coming back in. Oh,okay. Is it college day? I loved college. Who are they here to see? They're here to see addison. Referrals fromher coed call girl. They don't look likecall girls to me. A room full of call girls--I've had dreams like this. Are you sucking inyour gut? No,no. hey,guys. What's with the call girls? I do this for a living. What are you doing here? I had... rehabdown the street. I thought I'd come by,see if you had time for coffee, but,uh,it looks likeyou're booked. Seeing hookersa subspecialty now? You'it.Re seeingmore prostitutes? I'm seeing women. Of the night. Wait,you have a problemwith this? Yeah,I do. Look,I amall for free choice,but these girls are daged. They can't make good choices. So,yeah,I think that if youonly treat them physically, then you're justperpetuating their problem. Is this really whatour practice is coming to? Well,what should it be? Just another high-endwestside cliniccatering toan overly exclusive clientele? I mean,is that what we are? This isn't exactlyhollywood boulevard. And you thinkthat makes a difference? You want to hearthe statistics and linksbetween prostitution and drugs, prostitution and violent crime? I'm not condoningtheir behavior,but they're not streetwalkers. And you think just becausethey're in school every day doesn't mean it's gonna leaddown the same path? They may think it's temporary,but you want to lay oddson how many are still doing itfive years from now? I... probably have patients. I have patients,too. Well,I better let youget back to them. Hold the door. Sorry. I--no,I... right. Good idea.I was just-- I should... hello,doctor. Well,I,uh... you look surprisedto see me. I just didn't expect youtill tonight. Oh,I have some chartsto pick up,and I missed you. I'm glad you're back. I got your call.You said it's urgent. Yeah,there'sa couple more testsI want to run on porter. Um,it'll just takea minute,though. You can---you can stay here. Oh,hey,one second,porter. Dell,can you keep an eyeon the father out there, make surehe doesn't go anywhere? -Yeah,no problem. -Thanks. Here.Have a seat,buddy. What kind of tests? Is sometng wrong? No,no.I just--I want to talk to you,porter. I-I... I want to help you. Um,your insulin pumpis registered to a kidnamed evan dawson. So? So I think that's you. Is it you?You okay? Is he hurting you? Did he force youto leave your mother? I want to help y,evan. I'm gonna help you. But I need youto level with me. He was nice at first,told me we'd do all kindsof fun things together. But then he startedhitting me. I'm not gonna let thathappen again. I promise you.We are keeping an eye onthat man out there right now. No,not him. Not my father. My mom's boyfriend ted. He moved in six months aftershe kicked my dad out. When my mom wasn't around,ted would get angry. Did you tell your mom? She would ask him about it,but... he would sayit wasn't true. But my dad believed me. He was the only onewho did. evan. I need help in here -what? -I need an amp of d50. Okay,I'm on it. What's wrong with him? His blood sugar's tanking.He's having a seizure. All right.Hold him steady. Hold him steady. What are you doing to him? Trying to save his life. Please don't let him die. He's all I have. Is he gonna be all right? I don't know. Please. Look,he was finefive hours ago. I checked his pump. I checked it. It--right now,my--my priorityis evan. You understand? Do not moveuntil I get back. We're gonna go on my count. One,two,three. Hey,is that kid okay? I hope so. He's at the,uh,the hospitalwith cooper right now. Good. You all donewith your prostitutes? First,kevin's moralistic joe,now you? Those women sell themselves. They make people feel likeall women are for sale. They need a doctor. I am a doctor. What did wyatt want? Oh,um,he wanted meto consulton one of his cancer patientswho wants to get pregnant. Consult?For him? You're not actually consideringworking with this guy, workingfor charlotte's practice? I said I'd think about it. They're trying to drive usout of business,naomi. Look,all I know is that thiswoman was supposed to be dead, and she's in remission. She has a chance to have a baby,and if I can help her-- wyatt is not abouthelping people,nai. He's about helping wyatt. I'll see. -Naomi. -What? I-I said thatI would thinabout it. What are you doing,addison? What are youtalking about? I went by my houseto straighten things up. They were straight. Surprise. I wanted to surprise you. I thought about youworrying about things, so I sent my housekeeper overto tidy things up. I-I don't need youpaying for me. No.No,of course not. My place isn't disgustingand pathetic. -No,I wasn't saying that-- -I live in the valley. It's not the slums. kevin--oh. dr.Montgomery. Carley? Are you okay? But--no,no,no,don't worry. I'm--I'm glad you called. Yeah,don't--that's fine. Uh,um,I can come,and I'llbe there as fast as I can. Bye. Everything okay? It's one of the call girls,the one that was my patient. A guy hit her. And she's calling you? She's afraid of the police. You're gonna go down there? -No,look,you don't know whatyou could be wking into. -Don't be dramatic! Addison,this is what I do. You don't know this world. It can be dark and ugly. You are makingway too much out of this. Hey,you didn't know she wasa call girl until today. Look,I understandyou want to help her, maybe you think you caneven save her. But you're dabbling in a worldyou know nothing about, -and I'm not letting yougo down there alone. -Whoa,you're not gonna let me? -I'm coming with you! -Since when don't you let me do anything? All right,I am not aboutto walk in therewith her worst nightmare. I'm goingand I'm going alone. So why am I here again? Because kevin made mefeel stupid for going alone. Kevin's a cop. If he says it's dangerous, don't you think he's a littlebetter equipped to protect youthan I am? You'll be fine. So all of those girls,all of 'em,they're... they're call girls? What is it with everyone? They're... college studentsearning moneyin an inappropriate way. They're just kidsthey're students. Of course,most students don't getbeat up by their johns. So what are younot telling me? What? We've been sitting herein silence for 20 minutes. Oh,I'm--I'm sorry. I was just,uh... at is wrong? You look likeyou're about to throw yourselfoff the sideof this building. No,I-I-I--it's nothing. I--just a rough day at work,that's all. Okay. Okay? If you don't want to talkabout whatever it is,I'm not goa push. We're okay,right? Yes,we are. I missed you. Good. Because I missed you. how is he? He's stable for now. The pump failed. It releaseda sky-high dose of insulin. It's been replaced,and he is responding well. This is my fault. I-I tried to look after it,I tried to keep it clean, but it's j hart soD. Okay,have a seat. why'd you run?Why didn't yougo to the police? Do you know how hard it isto prove abuse, or for a father to get custodyof his child? I wasn'tjust gonna sit aroundand waitfor some legal procedure while my son was getting hit. You need to turn yourself in. And then what,hmm? Who's gonna protect my sonwhen I'm in jail? You don't knowwhat it's like to knowthat your son is being hurt and there's nothingyou can do to stop it. You--you cannot keepthis child on the run. Well,I'm nottaking him back. Is there a problem here? Nothing I can't handle. I'm gonnago see my boy now. Carley? dr.Montgomery? Carley,what happened? That's dr.Bennett.We work together. Did your clientdo this to you? Yes. It hurts. carley,you should'vecalled 9-1-1. I thought we were talking abouta couple of bruises here. I didn't want to explain. I didn't want to get in trouble. I-I had your number. I'm s-sorry. yeah,I need an ambulanceat the grand camden hotel,beverly hills, uh 8600 roxbury drive,room,uh,210. she's got at leasttwo to three fractured ribs.One's puncturing the lung. Tension pneumo? I've gotta release the presssoe she can breathe. Easy,easy. Hold on. Just stay with me. -You ready? -Do it.Do it. Please,I'm okay.Don'T... let themtake me to the hospital. They'll call my parents. You're over 18.They can't callunless you request it. OnI'm my parents' insurance. They'll find out. They needto look at you,carley. when you get to the hospital,they'll ask for your nameand insurance card. Tell them jane doe,and if you pay in cash,they can't refuse you treatment. this... is...for you. "The count of monte cristo. "Thanks,dr.Freedman. If you like"the three musketeers"... that's whereI got porter,from porthos,my favorite musketeer. I'm sorry I lied to you. I'm sorryyou've been througheverythingyou've been through. I'm sorry your momdidn't believe you. Are you going tocall the cops? Well,here's the thing--you can't keep livingout of your car and runningfrom place to place. My dad will go to jail. Unfortunately,that part's not up to me. I promise you,I will doeverything I can to help him. That's not fair. He listened to me. He wasthe only one who listened to me. I'm all he has. He's all i have. So can't you just... let us go? What a surprise. Claudia jenkins,dr.Naomi bennett. He has sung your praises. Yeah,I figuredyou two should meet. Uh,well,why don't youcome back to my office, and we'll have a talk? If you have time,that would be great. Yeah,yeah. Great. Uh,you know what? You twoalready know each other. I'd like to talkto claudia alone. Whatever you need. See you. I can't believe I'm here. I mean,that I've actuallybeen well enough long enough to be sitting acrossfrom a doctorhaving a discussionabout getting pregnant. Well,your recovery has... been astounding. Thanks to wyatt. Every other doctor I went tosaid there was no treatment. Sometimes I think he cured meby his sheer will. He would not let me give up,and I wanted to give up. He's tough. You know,I thinkhe might have actually scaredthe cancer away. your body has been throughso much. And--and fertility treatmentspost-cancer... it's a lot on the body. Are you sure you want togo through with all that? I mean,there--there areother options. There's adoptionor--or surrogacy. I want to have a baby myself. My body attacked me,and I fought back and I won. I can do this. I want my life back.I... I want my dreams back. Do you know what I mean? I'm here as a patient.I need your professional advice. Okay. Well,leave the door open so... oh,door.Good. your time will start... now. I had dinnerwith meg last night. It was unbearable. Why was that? She knows me.She reads me. She kept asking mewhat was wrong. -Well,what did you tell her? -That nothing was wrong. And you think you should'vetold her something else? I don't know.What do youthink I should've told her? What do you thinkyou should've told her? Are you gonna answerall my questions with questions? That's what therapists do. Then stop being my therapist. Be my friend. Fine. I think that... telling about cheatingonly makes the cheaterfeel better. I think it would bea cruel thing to put on meg if you plan to move forwardwith her. Nothing goodcould come of it. I-if you plan onmoving forward with meg,then you, as the cheaterneed to... suffer in silencefor your crime. Live with the guiltand move on. That was an ambush. But she's lovely,isn't she? Addison was right about you. Tell me you weren't moved. Why me?Why me? There are hundreds offertility doctors in this city. Why me? Because I did my research,and you're the best. And if claudia jenkins wantsa chance at getting pregnant, she's gonna need the best. And I'm supposed to believethat this is motivatedpurely out of compassionfor your patientand not for your ownpersonal gain? I like to win. So what? I-I like to find new waysto cure things. I'm changing the waywe cure cancer. That's not ego. That's the truth. Tell me you don't want to bea part of that. How are you feeling? Like I got beat up. You have to report this,carley. Are you crazy? So what--what,this guy,he just gets away with it? I can't risk it. Tell me that you're notgonna do this anymore. How longwill the bruises last? You need to find another wayto make money. It's one bad incident. You were lucky last night. He could've killed you. In a few months,I'll graduate debt free. In another year,I'll be ableto pay for med school. That's not worth your life. I'm doing it so I can bea doctor like you. Find a different wayto get there. Doing what,working forminimum wages and tips and dating guyswho want to sleep with me because they buy me a steak? At least this way,I get paid what I'm worthand I call the shots. how many part-time jobsdid you have to pay for school? How many loansdid you have to pay back? I wouldn't have donewhat you're doing. If you haven't struggled, if you don't know what it's liketo come from nothing, then you can't understand. What would your parents sayif they knew? You can't call them. I may notbe in med school yet, but I know all aboutdoctor-patient privilege. You're right. I can'T. But I am tpted. I know you're trying to help,dr.Montgomery, but stay out of it. I know what I'm doing. Call the police,he goes backto his mother and her boyfriend,who abuses him, and his father,whom he really loves,ends up in jail. That's funny. How is that funny? You're supposed to callthe police,but you're not. I want to call the police,but I can'T. I can't even call the one cop that I should be able to call'cause he'll just say"I told you so. "My college call girl,she's not goa quit. What peopledo to themselves... yeah. but I guess it's theirsto do,right? I mean... we can save their livesphysically, but we can't make themlive their lives differently. I guess if we're not them,if we're not in their shoes, who are weto say what's best? I feel like I'm gonnado something bad. Excuse me? I want to do something bad. Well,no,no,no.It's not bad. Actually,I think it's-- it's gonna monly sam and addisonare gonna hate me. -Wyatt lockhart-- -you're gonna sleepwith wyatt lockhart? No.No.No,no,no,no. I'm considering consultingwith him on a case. what,sleeping with him? I'm sorry. Y-you said thatit was something badbut it was gonna make youfeel good,so I-- so you went straight to sex? I did.I did. I went to sex. I gotta get it together. I'm sorry. Hey,wait. What do you think? Am I bad? Oh,uh... well,I won't,uh... I-I mean,I-I can'T... well,I...I'm not... I don't know. I just... I don't know. Did you really think you weregonna get away with it? I don't knowwhat you're talking abT. Oh,cut the crap,cooper. I know all about frank and evan,who they really are. You're not the only one whocan do a little investigation. Porter's social security numberwas bogus, so I ran the serial numberon the insulin pumpwe pulled out of him. Just stay out of it,charlotte. You don't knowwhat's going on here. I sure as hell do. You are about two seconds awayfrom losing your medical licensefor harboring a fugitive. Please tell meyou didn't call the police. I did,ten minut ago. You did this to punish mefor breaking up with you? I did this to save your assfrom your misguided senseof I don't know what. You shouldn't have done meany favors. You're probably right. You needto take a walk,now. Ten vials of insulin,some alcohol wipestwo extra cannulas for the pump. I put a journain there.You need to keep trackof his sugar and his carbs. You need to fill that outevery day, and you need to keepthat pump clean. I will. There's a service elevator.Take it to the ground floor. Exit out the loading doors. How could I thank you? Take good care of your boy. Thank you. Thank youfor listening to me. You just promise meyou'll keep reading,okay? Go. are you looking for me? No,no,no. I-I was,uh,just making some tea. Hey,th--uh,thanks forthat talk today.That was... really helpedput things in perspective. Oh,good,good. I'm glad. -I better... -yeah,yeah,you better. Diyou have something morethat you wanted to say? 'Cause I thoughtmaybe you did. Did I--did I cut you off? meg.Meg. I knew at dinnerthere was something. I wanted to tell you. If you wanted to be withsomeone else,why drag this on? I'm sorry. You pushed me awayafter I worked here. I thought I was crowding you. I guess I didn't realizewhat I was crowding. I didn't mean to hurt you. Well,I got hurt. I know. Don't say it. Good,yoreoth here. I,uh,I just wantedto let you know that... I have decidedto consult with wyatt. Naomi,this... -it's wrong. -I don't believe you. After everything? I wantto be inspired again. After the practice... I-I felt likeI had lost something,like I had given up, and I don't want feel like that anymore. It's just one patient. It's not just one patient. It's A... it's a stepin the wrong direction. And you take this step,and soon,people are gonna... not call the policeon kidnappers and help patients to lieto get into hospitals,and thenwhat are we gonna become? no. We are our actions,and if she sells out once, then she's a personwho sells out. I am not selling out. You talk about this practice,the way it's supsed to run, the way we're supposed totreat our patients. You talk aboutnot wanting to give up, and then you're gonnago downstairs to that placeto work with that womanwho is doing everything possibleto undermine us, to work for that manwho is more concernedabout getting recognized for his workthan which patientlives or dies. How is that not selling out? You agree with him? I agree that once you startdoing something,it's difficult to stop. A police officer showed upin evan's hospital room. You know what they found? Your broomstick? This isn't a joke,cooper. You tipped 'em off. You're obstructinga police investigation. If they found out you wereinvolved in the disappearance, you could go to jail. I'll take my chances. No,you won'T. I covered for you. Why? Because now we're even. You were right. I don't know what it's liketo walk in your shoes. But don't kid yourself,carley. This isn't justa means to an end. Because once you do this,it's who you are. We are our actions. They define us. And you may thinkthat you're a med studentpaying for college, but right now... you're a hooker. -that's not-- -that's the worldyou've chosen. I can't be your doctoranymore,carley. I slept with pete. There.I told you. You know,I expected better from you. -I'm sorry.It just happened- -you know what?If that's howyou want to play it,fine. What are you talking about? When you're readyto be matureand tell mewho you really slept with, I'll be around for you,violet. I--I'm not lying to you. I really slept with pete. Okay. Where are you going? I don't want to be late formy date with angelina jolie. uh,I use an inhaler. I'm sorry.Do you needmedical attention? No,that's,uh--my breathing... uh,it gets badwhen I get worked up,so I need an inhaler. When I getpset,I need it,uh,when I worout,I need it, when I exert myself,I need it. I'm prepared to line upten inhalersif that's what it takes, because if youmess with naomi... if you even think... about screwing with her,I will take you out. Not even a last night? I don't live here,addison. This isn't my home. You're mad aboutmy ignoring your advice. You've never been to my house. You make fun owhere I live. You pay peopleto clean up my houseso I won't have to go back, and you won't have to either. I did a nice thing. Tell me the truth,if I didt get shot,would we still be together? All thisbecause of my patient? No,I-it just made me realizehow you see the world. And the world that I live in,isn't always about beaches and 1,000-count sheetsand hired helpto make everything look pretty. When you were shot,i looked after you. Here,in your comfort zone,so you didn't have togive up control, because that'show you like it. That is not true. That's for the cleaning ladyand the gardener. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-ÅÝ