So I am strong. I am a strong,healthy woman. -I miss sex. -What are you talking about? You've got a gorns ma sleeping in your bed. Yeah,that's all he is doing in my bed. Doctor's orders. You have sex on the horizon. Which is better than having had amazing sex in your recent past with no visible sign of it happening ever again. My brother. He's not coming back in town,is he? -Hey,don't attach. -What? Celibacy is a sign of strength. Really,violet? I mean,really,is it? No! I'm dying.I got nothin'. worse,I got cooper,who is so angry about charlotte that all he can do is talk about her. I need a man.I need a non-cooper man. You know what I need? I need a cup of coffee that you don't have to walk two blocks to get. I cannot believe e coffee cart is gone. I ow. I'm at my limit-- no sex,no coffee,charlotte's practice opening. It's all too much to take. "the premier physicians co-operative in los angeles"? Not afraid of a little competition,are you? Of coue.The source of all evil. Free breakfast? That's a little desperate,don't you think? We like to treat our patients well. We like to treat our patients with medicine,not break ************* they were all on the fourth floor. Well,I own the building. You're taking the sign down. I'll move it outside. Don't let her get to you. I mean,really,who would be so stupid to fl for a free breakfast? -we should've done this. -Breakfast? No,the floor.Expanded the practice. We didn't have the money. I hate money. That's a novel attitude,and very healthy,therapeucally speaking. Sheldon wallace,psychiatry. -Sam bennett. -Yeah,I recognize you from your book. Great read. I met one of your colleagues-- violet turner. We shared a few elevator rides. she's,um... would it be okay if I inquired if she were... -single? -Why do you want to know? She's single. Well,that's good. Really. Good. Well... you shouldn't have told him she was single. Are you jealous? Sam,violet's one of our women. They took our floor. -They are not taking our women,too. -You're jealous. sorry. My hotel just finished a $30-million remodel. Super busy. Okay. So... it's just a cyst,right? The pathology report,uh,showed that you have... cancer cells on your left ovary. Cancer? And the cells we biopsied from your right ovary are cancerous,too. I came in to get a cyst removed. I'm sorry,but you have stage ii ovarian cancer. Okay. We treat it. We get aggressive,right? Exactly. W what I'd like to do is schedule immediate surgery and remove both your ovaries and your uterus. No. No. No,I did everything right. I waited until I made V.P. I got child care written into my contract. I have a nursery right off myffice. I'm sorry,but there are other ways to make a family. I want to have a baby myself. I know that,but with ovarian cancer at this stage, surgery is the only viable option. You're a surgeon. You think cutting is the answer to everything. I want to save your life. And I want a second opinion. private.practice Season 02 Episode 09</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-ÅÝÅÝ Ã¨ÃÐ -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Is that ray daniels? who's ray daniels? Come on,sam,rocket ray? The tour de france?Olympic gold medalist?You follow sports. Yeah,football,basketball. Riding a bike is not a sport. Rocket's,like,the greatest ever. He retired about five years ago. He's making a bicomeback. The so-cal 100's this week. No way he's riding on that knee. That must be why he's here. Great.They have the best breakfast and the best patients. Well,maybe we should,uh,introduce ourselves? You mean try and poach him? I'm not po--I wouldn't poach. Poaching is unethical. However,if something were to come up in conversation about alternatives... what's in the box,cooper? I'm getting rid of her... it... stuff. I can't talk.I don't want to forget my speech. Cooper,r-rage is not a healthy option. Your nun's habit,the suede flogger,your pink wartenberg wheel,the cornstk... Get out. She means you. thank you for returning my things. Please leave. I would like my things back. Not gonna happen. Spoils of war. Leave now. Looks like I've upset you,which I think is ir-- you all right? It's a 24-hour bug. Thank you for your sympathy.Get out. you're pregnant. don't be ridiculous. Are your boobs tender? -Are you having-- -go away,cooper! Look,you've gotten rid of ever ahingbout me.Now go! You need to take a pregnancy test. I am not pregnant!Get out! okay,there's the,uh,heartbeat,judy. Heartbeat looks strong.That's good. And I think... it's a boy. A boy,really? -Yeah. -Congratulations. you're supposed to be supervising,not hovering. I-I can do this on my own. O-okay,all right.If you need me-- I've got it. Wh's wrong? nothing.Nothing.It's just... I can't believe it.A boy. It makes the whole thing more real. Like,I could give him a name and-- relax. Everything's looking good. I'm falling behind in all of my classes. I-I-I had to quit my job at the admissions office 'cause I'm too tired. All I have is the financial aid. How am I supsed to do this after the baby's born? I want to go to law school. You know,I want to have a life. You will. I'm not saying it won't be hard. I'm not good at hard,dell. I've been thinking a lot about adoption lately. More than thinking,actually. Dr. Lockhart from pacific wellcare would like the medical records for a leah hudley. Why would he need her files? She's his patient. You really think you can have me race ready in two days? We'll see. There we go. Hey,why don't you get up on that bike? We'll see how the pain is,make a game plan,see where we go from here. ray... you're riding? That was the idea. That was your idea. I didn't think they'd actually be able to help you. He can't do this. Monica,we've had this conversation. Yeah,we actually think the pain is quite manageable. -See,his knee seems to be res-- -it's not his knee. It's his heart. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. It's why he retired. Wait,ray,you've been training for this comeback for months. Because he thinks we need the money. We're broke.We lost our house.I can't find a job. I have to race. I don't know how to do anything else. Oa,ray. You have to make him stop,because if you fix his knee, he's gonna push himself to win. And I'm afraid he's gonna die. ************** ********** That the walls of your heart are thickened, and when you exercise intensely,you compromise the blood flow. And if your heart doesn't get enough oxygen-- the doctor said this could've been there my whole life. We admire what you're trying to do here,but monica's right. The risk is too big for what might happen. You came to me. You wanted my business. You told me you could fix my knee. That's what I'm asking you to do,to be good doctors and let me decide how to live my life. Isn't that the way it works? if you want to ply our patients with free coffee and breakfast,that's fine, but selling them false hope is off-limits. Montgomery. Nice to see you. Leah hudley has stage ii ovarian cancer,and she wants a by so badly, she can't understand the gravity of her diagnosis. And you've got wyatt lockhart promising her her life and a baby, but without surgery or divine intervention,she is going to die. Not divine intervention. My intervention. Montgomery,dr. Lockhart. You know what's exciting,monty? My protocol may single-handedly change the way that we treat ovarian cancer. With a drug that's never been used on ovarian cancer? I read your protocol. There are serious side effects-- blood clots,heart failure,immune system-- each of which have occurred in a small percentage of patients. You don't even know if this works. So let's just cut out her entire reproductive system just to be safe. Look,monty,it's the patient's choice. Your way,no kids. My way,she's got a chance. There is a proven treatment to halt the cancer completely. It's called surgery. What you think is moot,montgomery,because leah hudley no longer wants you as her doctor. She wants in on his trial. It seems you make her sick. you want to leave those files? If leah hudley wants her files,she can come to me and get them. You know,charlotte said you were brilliant. She didn't say you were this hot. I don't care who he is. You have to talk him off the ledge. Well,he wants what he wants. Well,that's the athlete's mentality. Their entire self-wort is wrapped up in winning. That's why you have boxers who come out of retirement and end up with brain damage. They--they don't know when to stop. And since when do you care so much about cycling? I mean,you don't even know how to ride a bike. Naomi. You don't know how to ride a bike? That's--that's not the point. The point is,he's gonna race,and if we don't fix his knee, he's gonna find somebody else who will. yeah,at least with us,we know. We can give him his best shot at winning and surviving. Arrogant,insufferable... charlotte? Wyatt lockhart. He's working downstairs now. And he tried to poach one of my patients. Yeah,I mean,what kind a doctor does that,steals patients? I mean,it's like he's some ambulance-chasing lawyer. can I see everyone in the conference room? I have an idea to help the practice. Adoption. Adoption agencies are nonprofit organizations,dell. M not talking about an adoption agency. I'm talking about a fee-based service matching up mothers who already want to give their babies up for adoption with perspective parents. We can help our patients already failing at fertility. Offer them an in-house alternative to start a family. Adoption isn't sometng you just offer when fertility fails. If they haven't gin up on wanting a biological child,then they should not do it. Which is why we'd have a strict protocol for that. Violet's already licensed to screen birth mothers and perspective parents. And once the child is born,cooper has a new patie. All right,well,where do we findhe birth mothers 'cause I don't want us all out there recruiting. We won't recruit. All we need is one test case. Where will we find this test case? Actually,my patient-- my patient--judy wants to give her baby up for adoption and has asked for help. And you've got a couple desperate to adopt,the sinclairs. Yes,yes,I have screened the sinclairs, but I haven't even met your patient. I'll bring her in.You'll love her. If we don't do this,someone else will, maybe down on the fourth floor. Is meg still out of town? Yeah.Why? A friend of mine offered me two tickets to the symphony. Any interest in going? You're not taking coop? And listen to him moan about charlotte? You know what?I would love to,but I shouldn'T. I gotta study ray's condition. Maybe I can do something to help his heart. Alone again. Hey,I know who you could ask. you have a secret admirer. Someone liking me is funny? No,just the guy... -this weird shrink from downstairs-- -sheldon? Sheldon's interested in me? You wouldn't go out with him? He's from the fourth floor,the enemy. You know how long it's been since I've had a date,pete? charlotte. You almost gave me a heart attack. How you feeling? I'm on the pill. You're a doctor.You know that's not 100%. Cooper,I would know if I was pregnant. I am not pregnant. -You're cranky. -I'm always cranky. You're glowing. I'm always glowing. Now please... stop stalking me and my womb. receive not one,but two-- ... police of racism... if I have to watch another episode of "cops," I'm gonna shoot your tv and my brains out. Yeah,well,we wouldn't want to do that. You'd ruin my 1,000-count sheets. Can't you write me a doctor note,get me back out there? You are on bed rest. That means bed and rest. come on.I have enough trouble with my patients not listening to me. You... are going to listen to me. At'll get me through another day. I'm suddenly nervous. Naomi's just checking with the sinclairs and our lawyers. I'm sure it'll all be good. Yeah,but what about violet? If she doesn't like me... you'll be great,okay? She just needs to know that you understand what you're doing,that you're comfortable with it. Yeah,well,what do I say? Uh,just tell her about your feelings and about the babyand your future. Like what? I mean,if i tell her the wrong thing-- tell her you've thought about this a lot, that you know this is what you want to do,and that it'll be hard, but what's best for the baby iswhat's most important for you. Okay,that's great.That's great.What else? Well,she'll ask if you've thought about how you might feel in a few years if your situation improves and someone else is raising your child. Well,how do I answer that? Just,you know,say that it-- it would be hard,but... you want this baby to have parents that can give it everything, and you love him so much,you would never take that away. It's a mother's sacrifice. you ready,judy? Um,yeah. I'm--I'm ready. Okay. You should've given them my file. I was worried about you. You didn't return my calls. I'm choosing to go elsewhere,dr. Montgomery. That's my right. -I just want to be sure-- -I didn't plan for the perfect dress, the perfect ring,the perfect wedding. I planned for this. This is all I've wanted. I set up my career for this,to be able to be a single mom who can provide for a baby. It may not be conventional,and it may not be the easy way, but it's the way i wanted. it's what I planned for. And with dr. Lockhart,I have shot. -Can you offer me that? -I can get rid of theancer. So can he. And i need both. I hope it works for you,leah. I really do. Thank you. Hey,sheldon. Oh,I'm sorry. Oh,I'm so sorry. No,no,,that was me. I'm glad to see you,viet. our little breakfast buffet seems to be quiet popular with the fifth floor. Um,clinically speaking,do you think that's,uh,envy or the lobster? My diagnosis is more... curiosity and the smoked salmon. Would you go out with me? I'm sorry.That was meant to have charm and buildup and a clever turn of phrase. I'd love to. Really? I'm not sure we can go through this again. We've found two birth mothers. Last time,I'd even picked out birth announcements. They had these... stupid little turtles on 'em. We spent months getting our hopes up,and we never even got to meet the baby. The father has already signed-off on the adoption, and--and violet has interviewed the birth mother. I'm very impressed by her maturity. She really thinks adoption is the best thing for her baby. I think this time will be different. Okay. Uh,matt,carrie... th is judy. Um,dell says that you're both lawyers. Uh,yes,but don't hold that against us. why don't we give you a chance to talk? Thanks. this may work. -Nicjob,dell. -so are you in school? Yes. Uh,yes,I'm in my third year right now. Oh,that's great.Congratulations. Thanks. Sorry. I was grabbing something for ray. Are you okay? No. leah hudley wouldn't listen. She's sticking with lockhart. I don't mind ling a patient to a doctor,but when someone steals a patient by giving them false hope... that's despicae. hey,man,10 miles on the bike,no pain. Heart's looking good. Wish me luck tomorrow. Don't race,ray. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna get monica the money we need,and I'm gonna be fine. You fixed me. look,I'm not the enemy. The patient chose me.That happens. Let me buy you dinner. Anywhere you want to go,my treat. Or we could just skip dinner and go to my place. unbelievable. What?I'm trying to be nice,monty. It's montgomery. offer stands. Dinner on me,anytime. Oh,good. I'm glad you're still here. I just wanted to say thank you so much for all that you've done. I'm,uh,I'm pretty surethey're the ones. I'm so happy for all of you. Oh,um,and we met with the adoption lawyer today. They've offered to pick up all of my living expenses until the baby is born. Wow. That's amazing.I mean,that should make things easier,right? like I told you,I am not good at hard. I just feel like I can breathe again,you know? Like I can do this. I can do school,I can have this baby,and then after that,who knows? -What do you mean? -I don't know. I don't know. I just know that the weight of all this freaked me out. I really thought I couldn't have this baby,but now... what? Well,violet says I n change my mind legally right up until the end. Yeah,I-I know,but you said you were sure. Stop worrying,dell. I'm not saying I won'T. I just... I can'stop thinking of baby names. " What are you doing? -I'm going to work. -Now? I'm a cop. We're open all night. Kevin,kevin,you can'T. Ur wounds need time to heal. Come on.Let's go back to bed. You're not my doctor,addison. Do you think that I like keeping you here, kevin? I mean, do you think that I like playing doctor to you when you won't listen, when you behave the way all my other patients who think they know better than I do about what's best for them? I am a doctor. I know what's best for you. I know better than you, and I'm not gonna stand here and watch you be stupid and hurt yourself because you're bored. m going for a walk. the patient says "I understand the psychology behind the joke. I just don't think it's funny." so... I had a great time tonight, violet. We'll--we'll have to do it again soon. - Wow. - Yeah. It's okay. Really. It happens. if anybody knows that it could happen, we know. We know. It's not because I don't want to, because I want to.I do. It's just... well, it didn't happen. Would you like to talk about it? I mean... would you... how does it make you feel? I think I should probably go, violet. Your paranoia's contagious. Let's get this done. I have sticks, and I intend to pee on them. And if your boys swam through my weeds and got me pregnant, I am gonna make yosuffer every step of the way. what do you have to help with erections? Okay. Now I'm humiliated. Are we talking about sheldon? - Bad date? - Worse. It was a great date. Followed by foreplay, followed by A... distinct lack of movement. Maybe the guy just doesn't find me attractive. Violet, any guy would be lucky to have you. Thanks, pete. That was, uh... nice. Weird to be talking abou my sex life with you, but, um, but--but nice. Here. Give him this. Secret recipe. See?That's what I like about you. It's a concrete answer to a question. Somebody asks for something, and you just give it to 'em. Didn't you yell at me about that yesterday? Rocket ray, giving him what he wants? You actually listened? here. I didn't sleep last night thinking about ray and the race. I don't get it.Why are they being monitored like that? It's telemetry to help the coaches give advice during the race. It clocks the use of energy so they'll know when to push, they know when to pull back. Since the tour de france, they've been putting it on the web. - He looks okay. - Yeah, now. But the race just started. I'm afraid I'm pushing too hard, you know, stealing patients, promising them the world. Wait, you... you stole ray daniels from downstairs? Yeah. - It's lousy, isn't it? - Yeah. And kinda great. all right.Okay. I get your point. When people want what they want... hope it works out. Think of waterfalls. - It always worked for me. - Stop talking. I can't pee while you're talking. This is how it all begins. - What? - Parenthood. stop it. Us with a little kid? that's insane. It's not that insane. I'm a pediatrician. We're broken up. mission accomplished. Now all we have to do is wait. come on. Little walter? are you trying to be funny? No, that was my grandfather. He was a piano tuner. Maybe he'll play an instrument, maybe the trumpet. Please. It'll be a girl. - Marjorie. - Your grandmother? my horse. Last animal I ever had. I was 15. She broke her ane. I had to shoot her. we're not talking about a pet. We're talking about a child. If it's a girl, marjorie is great. Maybe this is a really good thing, charlotte. Babies bring good luck, happiness. Fate intervenes and pulls us back together. time. Oh.All right.walter. Marjorie. that's, uh... that. When you talked to judy yesterday, did anything... - everything checked out? - Is there a problem? Do you think I rushed things? Like, maybe we should've looked a little harder to find a better candidate for the adoption program. This is important to you. I just want to prove to everyone-- to naomi--that I can pull my own weight around here. You're doing a great job, dell. You were right about judy. She's thought a lot about this. She knows what she wants. She knows what she's doing. What's best for the baby is what's most important for her, and down the line, even if she has regrets, she knows she could never take away from this baby what she's given it. She knows it's a sacrifice. - She said those things? - She did. Look, I know you're nervous, but don't second guess yourself. She's great. The anti-angiogenesis agent caused a perforation in leah's descending colon. - She needs surgery now. - What about lockhart? He's not a surgeon, addison. She needs you. You are not allowed in my O.R. This is my cancer case. If i want to observe, I'll observe. You know, your cancer case is leah hudley. You really should know the name of your guinea pigs before you try to kill them. You're a fetal surgeon. It's not like you don't take risks. What's your problem with me? I take risks when there are no other options. I take risks when it's forthe good of my patients. And leah hudley wanted to take a risk. Yeah, she gambled, but she gambled so she could have children. She is so desperate to have a child, and you used that as a carrot to get her to enlist in your clinical trial. A clinal trial that could save her. I'm sorry. I just wanted to have a baby so badly. - Plse help me. - We will. Hang another unit of blood, now. We can't infuse as fast as she's bleeding.You need to control it. I know. I'm trying to find the source. The bleeding is obscthing e field. Hat are you doing? I'm making sure you don't kill her. You're scared you screwed up. There, the bleeding is coming from the I.M.A. I know. I need A... all right. run your finger on the uterine wall. - Why? - The tumor.I think it's gone. I don't feel anything. We'll do a tissue biopsy. And it'll show my protocol was working. you ever feel like you're in way over your head? Have you met me? I'm the king of in over my head. It's the adoption thing? What happens if she changes her mind? You know I was adopted, right? My birth mother, she never wanted kids, and then the day I was born, she wavered. She held me in her arms, and she couldn't give me up. What changed her mind? You know, as cute as I was, and I was... - I was cute... - yeah. She realized what was best for me. Sometimes you have to let people waver so they can figure o what's real and what's not. Your parents are lucky she made the right choice. I'd hate to think where I'd be if she hadn'T. - How's ray doing? - hey.It's the last mile. His heart's doing okay. He's in second place, ct he's tlosinghe gap. - He could actually win. - I know. Cycling's exciting. Well, maybe you should turn over a new leaf, learn how to ride. You really never learned? What, were you locked in a cage? My mama didn't want me to get hurt, okay? and then I got older, and I j-- you better stop lookin' at me like that. A lot of peopl don't know how to ride. Oh, he--he took the lead. - Yeah, just like that. - Ha! - Biking, man. - He is winning this. He is. He's gonna do this. - he won! - We won!We won! We did it! oh, we did it! That knee, man. - All right! - He did that. Sam.Sam. Oh, crap. He's in fib. Vitals are normal. Everything's right on track. Thank you for helping me - after what I did. - You made a choice. Doctors disagree. It's not your fault. Dr. Lockhart said the biopsy showed the tumor's shrinking. Yes. So when you get better, will you continue? I know I wanted a baby. But I don't want to die. Can you still do the surgery? We are going to kick this cancer in the ass. We'll beat it, leah. And then we'll figure out a way foyou to have your family. How's she doing? She's stable. Still in a lot of pain. I hear the cancer's shrinking. I still think he's a reckless son of a bitch. And what--what ockdid you find him under? He's good for business, montgomery. - I don't have to like him. - Oh, you don't like him? He's out for glory, he's arrogant, and I don't trust him. Sounds like someone who mightuse insider information from their boyfriend to start their own practice. I guess you two are made for each other. Charlotte, what... I'm fine. I'm fine. Uh, it's just A... long day. Did you want to, um... - talk? - No. no, I don't want to talk. - Okay. - Okay. - ray daniels. - Where is he? Rocket ray, the cyclist, we need to see him. He's in the morgue. Did we kill him? He was gonna race with us or without us. But we helped make tt happen. We stole a patient. We helped him push too hard, and he's dead. Ray pushed himself, pete. Now maybe... maybe we got caught up in this charlotte thing, but... - he begged us for our help. - I know. I'm just afraid we didn't do it for ray. We did it for us or for the practice... to prove that we're... better than a catered breakfast. Oh, uh, naomi? Nai, I need to talk to you. What, a-about my hovering? Because I'm going to try and give you some space now that you are our adoption guru. Naomi, look, I-I wanted to prove to you that I could do things on my own. And you have. I get it.I get it. All I have to do is look in that ro and see what you've done. You made a family, dell. You took these people who had gone through so much, and... now they have hope again. They're gonna have a baby. I'm proud of you. Thank you. turns out it was the lobster in the breakfastuffet that made me sick, and a whole host of patients who won't be coming back. It was nice spending time with you this mornG. This morning, I thought you were pregnant. You know, don't make that something it wasn'T. I should've told you about the fourth floor.I know-- I got caught up this morning in something that makes no sense at all with someone who doesn't want what I want or behave the way I think normal hu-human beings should behave. Don't mistake that for forgiveness. Well... I guess it... worked out well all around. was today as good for you as it was for me? Which part, when you almost killed my patient, or when you got in my way while I operated? We have different agendas. You're trying to save one life. I'm working to save thousands. And I just kept your funding alive by keeping a fatality from screwing up your trial data. And you saved her life. I like you Mont y. let me take you out to dinner to show you I'm grateful and I'm not as bad as you think. I'll take your word for it. Oh, and if you call me monty again, I'm going to plunge a scalpel through your hand. you, uh, left me a message? Come in, sheldon. I won't bite. I was surprised you called, you know, after-- I want to go out again. I'm not, um... I'm not big into potions, but, um, someone I know swears that, um... that this will do the trick. Violet, I'm astounded that you called and flattered.But... that's not gonna help. No, I'm--I'm a good shrink. I know what the problem is. I pushed too hard? No, no. It's not you at all. Or--or it is, but I-I-it'S... look... you're outta my league. sheldon. No, no, I've never been with soone so smart or funny or beautiful before. I mean, y-you're gorgeous, and it makes me feel inadequate, which leads to my problem, which makes me feel even more inadequate and leads to even more... difficulty. and w-whatever's in that little bottle is not gonna make you less beautiful. I like you, violet. You think maybe... we could be friends? - how was work? - This is as far as I got. You've been sitting here all day? Yeah, yeah.My ass fell asleep two hours ago. it's not funny. okay. Maybe it's a little funny. and stupid. you can say I told you so and whatever else you want. I deserve it. I should've listened to you. No. Why listen to me? I'm not your doctor. No, you're my girlfriend, who has gone way past the limit of what anyone would do, and I'm not sure that I've said thank you. Oh, why do patients always have to figure out things the hard way? okay. Okay, I'm ready. Okay, go. Okay, you won't let go until I say, right? I-I am holding on, sam. Pedal.Go. You won't let go until is say-- go, sam.Go. Go, go, go. - Here I go. - come on. - Here I go. - All right. Okay. go. - Stop laughing. - Go, go, go. - You got it. - Stop lauinG. Go, go, go. Go, go. - Hey. - Oh, you're doing it. You're doing it! yes! oh, god! Sam? Okay.Okay. I heard about what happened on the race. I'm so sorry. Yeah, me, too. How come you're not on your date... using the potion? He didn't want to go out again. Oh, it's his loss. No. It's my loss. You know, celibacy is a sign of strength. But I'm so lonely, pete. So am I. Like... like bottom-of-my-soul lonely. So am I. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-