They disguise their appearance by cloning human flesh. I want you to confirm you see skull bone. John May started the 5th Column. He was the first V to turn against Anna. This message will give them the confidence to come out. I need to talk to you. I'm not who you think I am. - What do you want? - I don't want to be ordinary. If you were, you wouldn't be here. George Sutton died. We did not get any names. My army is to be born. How did you get in? Before I arrived on this planet, you read the news. Now you are the news. You can have everything, Chad. But first... I need to know... can I trust you? Let go. Once again, we look to the future as delegates from around the world</i> convene in Geneva today for the annual world progress forum.</i> This high-level meeting of the minds brings together</i> some of the world's most powerful men and women</i> to explore solutions for international problems</i> outside of the political realm. But all eyes are on visitor high commander Anna,</i> who has unexpectedly shown up, amidst opposition, </i> hoping to present their advanced technology own as blue energy</i> as a gift at today's round table discussion in Geneva.</i> Now invited guests include United Nations senior officials and an array of emerging leaders... Ty, I got you bagels. Zabar's. You're up early. I never went to sleep. I know you're angry, but I need to talk to you. What your father told you isn't true. I always thought it was my fault that you two broke up, because of my stupid bike accident. I didn't know that you felt that way. If I had, I would have told you. Yeah, but you didn't. Ty, there was never anyone else. Joe is your father. We are a family. What else haven't you told me, mom? Nothing. There's nothing else. - Where are you going? - To the ship, where people are honest with me. I saw the passports, the fake names. I don't know who you are. Last night I was coming home to tell you the truth, about everything. Whose baby is this, Ryan? - Val, that is our baby. - <i>I saw the ultrasounds.</i> I'm only six weeks. This can't be my baby. It's too big.</i> Just tell me where you are. I'm coming to get you. What I have to tell has to be told face-to-face.</i> You had your chance. Leave a message. - Come on in. - Anything? No. She just called. She hung up before I could explain to her. She's scared. If she goes to a regular OB or even to a hospital... Any human doctor will see the baby's different. I've called everybody. Her mother, her friends. No one's seen her. Then we'd better find her, before it's too late. - What do we have? - Three victims. Carl Bryant, Tom Maslon, Juan Solano. Solano and Bryant don't have any priors, but Maslon was on our terrorist "watch" list a few years ago for an arms dealing. Slashed carotids and windpipes, so no one would hear. Picked 'em off one by one, really fast. The killer knew what he was doing. There's a fourth guy. Witness outside saw somebody stumble out. Said he looked terrified, so he's probably not our killer. All three of the vics share this mark. Recognize that mark? No. Any idea what it means? Check this out. Apparently, they were planning a terrorist attack against the Vs. My intel says they call themselves the 5th Column. This must be one of their cells. The 5th Column? Anti-visitor terrorist group we've been tracking. There's been increased chatter since that rallying cry appeared on the bottom of the mother ship, two nights ago. I could use your terrorism expertise. Kendrick wants us to investigate the 5th Column. Prints came back on our missing guy, Alex Caruso, High School computer science teacher. Apparently, he's an amateur. Looks like you got your first lead. Find Caruso. Before the killer does. Get us to the 5th Column. You were right about the "John May lives" message. They are coming out of hiding, as you expected they would. They're being met with swift and exacting punishment. Good. I hope you slept well. We have a big day ahead of us. I'm looking forward to it. I've never covered this event before. Now you have a front row seat. You'll see progress being made firsthand. From what I've heard, this forum tends to be more about political posturing than progress. Perhaps. But I plan to change that. Erica. Ryan. Something's happened. What is it? My girlfriend is missing. She's human, and she's pregnant. How is that even possible? It wasn't supposed to be. She doesn't know the truth about who I really am or the Vs. I just thought, by... - lying to her, I could keep her safe... - It's cost you. I know. Every time I try to protect Tyler, it just pushes him closer and closer to the visitors. We won't lose them. We can't. Your girl's got a baby lizard in her terrarium? Not today. Bad joke. Let him go. Does anyone else know? Georgie knew. That's why he went up on the ship to save me, so I wouldn't lose my family to Vs, like he did. This morning, three members of a 5th Column cell were murdered in Queens. Was this our fault? The message we sent from the ship... We told people to come out of hiding. This is a war, padre, and they were soldiers. No, they were regular people, and, yeah, this could be our fault. We have to stop them. The killers took the hard drive out of a computer. There could be names of other 5th Column. They'll be sitting ducks. This one guy got away. Alex Caruso. He'll know who to warn? How do we find him? He didn't go home and work. But his father is at the River Heights Hospital. He's dying of cancer. I figure out, Alex checked in. - He won't talk to the FBI. - If he's on his deathbed, he'll open up to a priest. - You gonna be able to handle this? - Take care of Val, we got it. Go. First the V's got Georgie. Now they kill these guys. We have to stop the killing. We need to find Alex Caruso. The next blood that spills is gonna be theirs. Here. It's for you. you don't have those on your planet. Before your mother left, she asked me to finish the empathy tests. I'm down to you. Whatever my mother wishes. You failed. There must be a mistake. It's my assignment with Tyler. I'm supposed to make him fall in love. It must have distorted the results. You've known me my entire life. The test has to be wrong. Your mother's directive was clear: immolate anyone who fails. No exceptions. - We Can't Win - Team <i>Lézards</i> It's nice to see you, high commander. Likewise, Mr. Secretary-General. May I introduce Chad Decker? I am familiar with Mr. Decker. Thanks to you, so is the entire world. It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Secretary-General. Your presence is welcome here, I hope you understand the privilege of making a presentation to this forum is for invited guests only. I was hoping you could stand by my side as I present blue energy technology that could answer your world's pressing concerns. Many here are very excited to see the gifts you have to present. Yet there are others who reasonably wish to observe certain protocol. You understand. May I ask what camp you're in, Mr. Chima? I'm sure the Secretary-General remains... objective. Thank you for your understanding. You must have known there would be opposition. I welcome opposition. It can only strengthen one's agenda. Agenda? I thought this was a gift. Good afternoon, Mr. Caruso. My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever. Psalms. God provides comfort during struggle... But so does family. Is there... someone I can call for you, that could bring you comfort? 1st Ranger Battalion. Vietnam. Two tours in Iraq, army chaplain. I'm not just a priest, Victor. And I've learned to trust nobody. Come closer, father. Come closer. My son Alex... He told me the truth about the visitors. Some of his friends told him about... Fifth Column. He's in trouble? Victor, look at me. You can tell me. Where is he, Victor? Can you help him, father? You have my word. I will do everything in my power. - Anybody hit? - The guy's a lousy shot. - No wonder the Vs are winning. - Wait. Alex! Look. Your father told us where to find you. My name's Jack. I'm a priest. We're here to help, we're 5th Column. You can trust us. That boy's got 30 seconds to get his wits about him. - No, he's just scared! - Stop! Alex, Don't shoot. I know you're scared. Don't be stupid. Yesterday, you were a schoolteacher, and I was just an FBI Agent and... a mom. Because of the visitors, our worlds have turned upside down. We're here to help. You gotta put the gun down. Come out. Please. It's okay. I promise. How I know you're not visitors? If we were visitors, you'd be dead. Just put the gun down, Alex. Come on. Look at me. It's okay. The visitors killed all my friends. It wasn't supposed to be like this. I know. A word? It's never a word with journalists, Mr. Decker. Two minutes, off the record. Off the record from the press or from Anna? I don't work for Anna. But would you be here without her? Give us a moment. You're right. I am here because of Anna. I've spent time covering her, and from what I've seen, you're the first person who's openly opposed her. Why? There are consequences for Anna's so-called gifts. Take the healing centers. The drain on health care industry is immeasurable. Thousands of jobs are being lost, and as for any technology she may offer. It could put technology companies out of business? You're saying that the profit is more important than people. I'm saying it's the same thing. We have reports coming in with breaking news out of Timbal, where a massive monsoon struck this tiny island nation, two hours ago. Destruction of the island's power grid</i> and transportation infrastructure has hampered international rescue efforts, as thousands are unaccounted for, many feared dead. Tragedy. An opportunity. What are world leaders doing about this crisis? At the moment, they're trying to plan a response. It could take a day to get help there. While they play politics, we'll take action. Dispatch rescue shuttles to Timbal. Bring them blue energy. Tyler, what are you doing here? You didn't answer my calls. I needed to see you. Now is not a good time. What's wrong? Everything's different, now I know my mom and dad lied to me. It's like you're the only person I can count on anymore. I don't know. I just... I really need to be away from home right now. Me, too. This is what I call getting away. Did you find Val? Still looking. I need you to put a trace on her cell phone. I know I'm asking you to break the law, but I just... Can you do that? It's getting to be a habit of mine lately. I'll do it. I'll call you when I have something. Thanks. My friend... Juan told me about the 5th Column. We thought we could help. That message on the ship gave us hope. Tell us what happened. We set up a meeting with other 5th Column to get weapons, but instead, a V showed up. And now everyone's dead. This meeting, how'd you set it? There's a website where we dump photos encoded with messages. The Vs hacked your code. A hard drive was stolen from the scene. Did it have names and addresses of other 5th Column in your group? A list of contacts we could reach out to if we got in trouble. The V has that hard drive. He's going to pick them off one by one, unless we stop him. There's only one sure fire way to do that before he kills anyone else. We bring him to us. How? - Use him as bait. - What? No. Use their website to send out an SOS. The V will intercept the message and come calling. And then we kill him. There are 29 ships over our heads, and we don't know why. If we do this, we take the V alive, finally get some answers. I told his father I would keep him safe. It's up to you. You've lost friends. So have we. But if we don't stop them, more people are going to die. Lisa failed the test. - Her death would be a victory for us. - Or a great loss. What if she is turning, if her feelings for Tyler are real? If they are, she could be a great asset for us against Anna. And if you're wrong, we lose the chance to destroy an enemy. I've known Lisa her whole life. She seems human. She's changing. She's changing, like we did. How do you know you're not being manipulated? What if this is a trap to test where your loyalty lies? We can never trust her. Anna's right. I need to start my own life. What are you talking about? I've been thinking. What if I join "live aboard," and live up here? Look, I know it's a big step. But ever since I was a kid, I always knew that something amazing would happen to me. Like the chance to live on a spaceship? I'm talking about you. Are you okay with this? - Any word on the phone trace? - Not yet. No word from Val? No. I've been looking everywhere. I figured I'd check in on you, see if I can do something right today. We're using the teacher as bait to lure out the V. Any idea how he'll do? He'll want to make his moves up close. Knives, no guns. All your tech, you don't have guns? You shoot our weapons through a guy, people will start asking questions. Blades are simple, untraceable and effective. That's what he'll use. It's how I did it. What's the latest on Caruso? NYPD reported shots fired on the rooftop of his dad's midtown apartment.</i> I checked it out. Nothing. You better find him quick. There's more. So... Why'd you guys join 5th Column? We had to... Erica to protect her son, me to protect my congregation, my faith. What about you? My father fought in Vietnam. My grandpa, World War II. I wanted to make a difference like they did. You are. My dad warned me I wasn't cut out for this. He was right. No, stick to the plan, Alex, and everything's gonna be okay. Just stick to the plan. What? There have been six more murders. London, Tokyo, Los Angeles and Sidney... all 5th Column. This incredible intervention in Timbal is being called a miracle, with Anna being hailed as savior. Thanks to high commander Anna's gift of blue energy, Timbal's power grids and infrastructure have been restored. Hospitals are back up and running, and V shuttles continue to land with emergency supplies. As a result, leaders here at the forum have made a stunning reversal of their decision from this morning - to refuse Anna's presentation. - I made a promise when I arrived, to share our technology and to leave your planet better than we found it. Clean, sustainable energy. No pollution. No infrastructure needed, just power. The same power that runs our ships. Blue energy is the answer to your world's most pressing concerns. And to the people of Timbal, it was an answer to crisis. Our needs are simple, and our desire to help is great. Mr. Chima? You care to comment on what Anna's done? The high commander has done an amazing and selfless thing. She should be commended. It's obvious we have a lot to learn from you. Secretary-General? Any further comment on today's events? Off the record, of course. Anna came here under the guise of diplomacy, but played politics with tragedy. She used the people of Timbal to gain public and political clout. The question is, if they're just visitors, why does she need that clout? The V will be at the meet in one hour. Let's go over the plan one more time. The codes are embedded in photos, anything where there's five...</i> five fingers, five dogs. Could be anything.</i> It should only be us at the meet and the V.</i> After hours, no security, no guards. Dance floor's all ours. You'll have my sweet voice in your ear the whole time, kid. You're gonna be okay, Alex. Sorry, <i>padre</i>. Ran out of Holy water. Alex, Jack will drop you in the center here,</i> and then he'll duck out behind the concession stand.</i> I'll post up half a click South. We'll be with you the whole time. Hobbes will tell us when the V arrives.</i> He'll come to you. Before he does, we get the drop. We take the visitor alive, he comes home with us, and we get answers. We good? Yeah, we're good. Ryan. I got a trace on Val's cell. Where is she? Welcome to the visitor healing center. A doctor will be here shortly to look at your baby. Everything will be just fine. Lisa. Your mother's shuttle will be arriving shortly. She's asked to see you when she arrives. You have to go. Okay. I'll see you tomorrow? Good-bye, Tyler. Bye. Let me know when my mother arrives. Deep breaths, Alex. Listen to them, and we're all gonna walk out of here alive. Okay. Holy hell. Alex, listen to me very carefully. Change of plans. Ryan was wrong.</i> The guy has got a gun. The V's not coming to us.</i> He's already here, in sniper position.</i> Don't panic. Stay where you are.</i> Now? He's in position now? Alex, listen to Hobbes. Don't move.</i> - Alex, freeze. - <i>Where is he?</i> He doesn't have a clean shot. I can walk you out of there. Do what I say. One step to your right. That's it. And another. Now right. I can see him! He's gonna kill me! Don't move. Just do what I tell you. Now I need you to step right. - <i>Hang on.</i> - Alex, I know you're scared. You're not in the line of fire. Just listen to 'em. Alex, don't move. Just do what I tell you, okay?</i> Alex, wait! No! Where is he? 100 yards north, white building, second floor. I'll cover you.</i> Alex, look at me. Everything's okay. No, look at me. Status. Sniper's on the move. - We gotta get this guy. - If I move, he spots me. If he spots me, father Jack down there's a sitting duck. Get behind that building and take him. Alex. Look at me. Stay with me, okay? This is the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world. Have mercy on us. Don't move. Stay still! You okay? Are you? No. Get in the van. Get out of here. I gotta call this in. - Oh, my God. - What? He's not a visitor. He's human. I've asked a lot of you with Tyler. You've handled it well. The future of our species depends on your leadership, your judgment. This soldier's egg is weak... But it can still teach us something. Our cause, our survival, outweighs any sacrifice. There is no room for human emotion, for weakness of any kind. Joshua said you passed the empathy test. I never doubted you. You're the world's savior tonight. You took a tragedy and used it to your own advantage today. It's why you invited me there. You knew they wouldn't let you present your technology. But what would have happened if there hadn't been a monsoon in Timbal? Then Myanmar, Darfur, Sri Lanka. There is tragedy every day all over your world. So many opportunities to help. They think you're a God. Who does that make you? A believer. Can I tell you what I believe? You're not just visitors. You're here to stay. But are you here for our benefit or yours? I didn't do this for me. I did it for that little girl. If you can do that kind of good, I want to be part of it. I want to help. I need people I can trust and who trust me. Do you trust me, Chad? Joshua. Why? Because one day, I'll ask a favor from you, and you'll comply. This is just a vitamin shot to boost your immune system. - Good for you two. - Thanks for seeing me so quickly. Let's take a look at your baby. What is it? Nothing too serious. I'd like to see my baby. I need to see my child. You should sit. I should go. I'm sorry, Dr. Stevens, but I can't let you do that. Let's go. Trust me. Why are we giving the humans blue energy? Because once they're dependent on it, we can turn it off. Alex was right. It wasn't supposed to be like this. I'll tell his father. I owe him that. Everything that we have done to fight the V's, to protect people, and a human betrays us? Well, maybe he can give us some insight into why. Rise and shine, sweetheart. You got questions to answer. What's your name? You're not going anywhere. Talk. I can't tell you anything. Why did you do it?