if Anna ever found out about this. Your family, George... The Vs were responsible for their deaths. We've developed a vitamin supplement.</i> Anna's tagging humans like animals in the wild. - It's a message from the warehouse. - John May started the 5th column... The first group of visitors to turn against the leadership. We have to crush them. Supply the FBI with a lead. Kyle Hobbes. He can train a resistance. Welcome to the war. We need more soldiers... An army. I'll make one. No need for regrets for mistakes made yesterday.</i> The past is gone. No looming fate. No uncontrollable destiny. No hunger. No sickness. No fear. No death. Nothing ahead. Nothing behind. Only stillness... A sanctuary of peace and tranquility.</i> My bliss envelops you... Protects you... - <i>Together we shall experience...</i> - Look at me. eternal joy in a rapture of ecstasy and safety.</i> You will bask in my light, wrapped in the warmth of my divine touch.</i> She's taking your minds and your lives in return for nothing but lies. No looking back. No worries of what will come. - Mia. - <i>Just safety...</i> I love you. knowing I am here invigorating bask in my light. Anna can steal you no longer. The incident occurred yesterday on the Sydney mother ship. The fifth column is becoming more active. Captains in the Tokyo, Paris and Mexico city ships have all reported isolated incidents. The fifth column is immune to my bliss. They've begun to feel human emotion... Empathy. Love. If they find a way to unify, they could become a real threat. Get me Joshua. It's time to eliminate them before they grow any stronger. Chad Decker, WMT, reporting live from the visitor peace ambassador center</i> as we wait for Marcus, Anna's second in command,</i> - <i>to address the world...</i> - Good morning, sweetheart. I should be there. They probably need peace ambassadors to help out. It's a school day. They probably have plenty of PAS down there. If the visitors needed you, they'd call, right? What am I talking about? They wouldn't call. They're from outer space. They'd beam you up. Don't worry, mom. We talked about this. You have nothing to be afraid of. Does this look like my scared face? School comes first. You can go to the ship after, okay? Okay, mom. - Love you. - I love you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming. Later today, Anna will make an announcement from the mother ships that will mark the beginning of our "live aboard" program. In return for the gracious hospitality the people of earth have shown by allowing Visitors to live amongst humans, we are proud to announce a new era in V-human relations. People from around the world have applied to this program through our healing centers... Applied for the program at the healing centers? - It's gotta be connected to the R-6. - People who have been randomly chosen to live aboard our ships along with us. Randomly selected, my ass. First the R-6, now this. What the hell are they up to? - Thank you. - I don't know. But Decker's their mouthpiece. Let's get the guys set up out front. We're back on live in ten. Maybe we should ask him. I can't keep Tyler away from that ship. I'm gonna tell him the truth. - It's the only way to protect him. - Tyler's on Anna's radar. Any change in his behavior will call attention to him. - If he doesn't believe you... - He'll believe me. If he believes you, then he'll sever all ties with the Vs. He'll stop going onto that ship. And Anna will want to know why. He might also want to join the fight against them. You ready to put your son into the war? How do I keep him away from them? When I figure that out, I'll let you know. A priest, a civvy, a lizard and a fed. If this is a joke, I'm not laughing. Where's your army? You bark, Hobbes. You bite, too? Is that a request? We have what we have. Make it work. We have an army. We're called the 5th column. Well, maybe you should ring them, remind them we're in a war. Can't locate 'em. We're scattered all around the world in different cities. But I can assure you, Mr. Hobbes, - we're a sleeping giant. - Then we wake 'em up. Your 5th column, they keep their eyes on the ships? Yeah. Then use the ships to your advantage. Anna's making an announcement today. You make your own. Okay. How? You get on her ship, hijack her signal, replace it with your own... Tells your people you're here, tells her you're here. It's a call to arms. But to make it count, bloody her nose while you're at it. You're on the Vs radar. There's too much heat on you. - You'll never get up there. - No, but he can. There's too much heat on everybody right now. It's a suicide mission. I'm all for bloodying Anna's nose, but we haven't planned this through yet. Are you paying me to sit on my hands or man up and fight? I'm sorry, Hobbes. You'll have to think of a better plan. Thanks again for seeing us on such short notice. I haven't been feeling well. I was worried there was something wrong with the baby. Everything looks perfectly normal. So I will let you get cleaned up. The nurse'll be in in a minute. I just want to run a few more tests. Beautiful. You can't keep canceling her OB appointments. You need to tell her the truth before she finds out. I tell her the truth about who I am, I could lose her. I love her, Leah. Everything that I've ever done, everything that I've fought for is for her. And besides, I'm not sure we should be going through with her pregnancy. You need to decide, and quickly. I don't like what I'm seeing. The growth is accelerated. The ultrasound that I just showed her in there was not her ultrasound. That was a normal human foetus week six. This is her real ultrasound. This is your child. The accelerated growth is draining val of phosphorus. That's what's making her sick. Visitors have high amounts of phosphorus in our bodies... Plenty for a child to live off of if the mother-to-be were a Visitor. - Can't we give her an infusion? - She needs a denser concentrate. So how do I get it? Humans don't have the technology to produce it. The only place to get it is on the mother ship. But without it, she won't survive the pregnancy. Agent Evans, I think I may have a lead on Hobbes. Looks real. What are you doing here? You asked me a new plan. I've got one. Get us all thrown in jail? Going onto that ship without Ryan. The feds' most wanted man walked right in to this playpen, but they don't notice him because he smells and looks like them. Get to the point. Now is the time to get on that ship and embed that message. Why are you in such a hurry to get on the ship? Those lizards set me up. I want to know why and how and hurt 'em real bad for it. There's a tactical advantage to embedding that message today, we need to jump on it. You heard Ryan. It's too risky. I don't need ryan. I'll do it. How? Well, I got in here, didn't I? - I already told you this is a mistake. - I'm doing this with or without you. Really? Sneaking into the FBI is one thing. Getting onto a V ship's a whole another world. Is it? What will you do when they speak in our native tongue? What happens when the core temperature scanner says you're a human? Ryan, we don't know when Anna's gonna broadcast again. I think we should reconsider going up now. We won't go up. I will. I thought you said it was a suicide mission? It is, but it's the only way I can stop Hobbes from going up. They catch him, we won'tbe able to get onto another ship, and the 5th column will stay scattered. Anna needs to be stopped. And I'm the only one that can get onto that ship. A typical human would react strongly to the devastation that you just witnessed. Based on your neurological readings, your situational empathy is well within the normal range for our species. In short, you do not feel human emotion. Use my results as a baseline. Everyone on the ships will be tested. Find out who's 5th column and who isn't. All right, so I'm getting on that ship. It's gonna be dangerous, so we all need to play our parts perfectly. Here's how it lays out... Erica, I need a name from the V diplomatic list. I need a V who's not in New York, and won't be coming back to the ship soon. Look for someone the same rank and credentials that I had. My old uniform has to match it. Hobbes, I need your contacts to get me some forged papers. And they gotta look good. The scanner I go through doesn't just read core temperature. It checks my prints. They'll need to match the identity of the V Erica finds. Now once I'm onboard, I look like any other V. And as a V, I can get where I need to go. I hack into the ship's communication system, embed our call to arms, hightail it home. This shouldn't take any more than a few hours, so when I'm down, I'll call in. You don't hear from me by 4:00... you'll know there's been a problem. Be careful, friend. Thanks. If I don't make it back, I want you to do something for me. Go to Val. Take her to that doctor. Tell her the truth about me. It's not how I want it to go, but she needs to know. All right? You just make it home. Ryan knows what he's doing going up in the ship. He'll be okay. He's not the only one I'm worried about. Your son. The visitors are going to announce their "live aboard" program tonight. And you think Tyler's going to want to live with them up there? He loves the visitors. The visitors took everything I had. I don't want that to happen to you. How are you gonna stop Tyler from living with the Vs? By taking him to someone he loves more. So... What's up with the fab four, Hobbes? You tell me. First one's a case... George Sutton. Worked as a chemical engineer. Went crazy after his family were murdered. Claimed aliens did it. Maybe not so crazy, right? The priest did two tours as an army chaplain. Testified against two staff sergeants in Baghdad - who broke the rules of engagement. - Boy scout. And the fed? Clean jacket, but her ex-partner's MIA, supposedly working with terrorists. Whole lot of personal baggage on her, too. It's all there. Last one: Ryan Nichols. He's a stockbroker. Outside of a knocked-up girlfriend, he's the cleanest of the bunch... Maybe too clean. If he's got dirt on him, you have to find it yourself. They've got something over you, don't they? Not for long. Ty! What... Dad. I know. We made great time. Got here ear than we expected. - How you doing, bud? - Good. I put a new show stopper exhaust on my bike. Really? I just got a new bike. T-750. You want to go check it out? - It's in the shop. - Hell, yeah. And be careful. That's a lot of jam. What are you doing here, Erica? We should talk. Welcome to the mother ship. This way. Right hand, please. Right hand, please. Welcome back to the ship. Next in line, please. Is there a problem? This visa's not working. It didn't clear. Run it again. It cleared. Right hand, please. Welcome back to the ship, Jeff. Next in line, please. Right hand, please. Next in line, please. He failed. His response measured 1118 on the biometric level... Just slightly above Anna's baseline reading, but above. There must be a mistake. Phillip is one of my most trusted advisors. I'll test him again. Why? I've discovered the test has a margin of error. How big? Based on the number of false positives I've extrapolated, roughly 2%. If some results are wrong, his and others... Shouldn't we discontinue testing? Keep testing. Hold all those who fail. I'll deal with them personally. Vs? - Yeah. I'm a peace ambassador. - Peace ambassador? I pass out information and... help out at the PA Center, that kind of stuff. It's pretty cool. Visitors... Alien ships... It's just so amazing. Yeah, you think a twin 750's tough, dad? You should see their engine room. - It is something else. - Yeah? Glad you wanted to see me. I miss having you around. Me too. - I'm sorry about everything, dad. - Sorry about what? - Splitting you and mom up. - What? - I know it was my fault. - It wasn't. It was. If I didn't have my motorcycle accident That's not what happened. - It's not that simple. - Then what did happen, dad? Why don't you just tell me? All you need to know Is it's not your fault. You're a good kid. Thanks, dad. What are you doing with phosphorus? My supervisor sent met. Jeff singer. Ninth deck. Come with me. Members of our race are falling prey to human emotion, becoming immune to Anna's bliss. This test measures your sensibility to this phenomenon. Failure means death. Anna's announcement about the "live aboard" program</i> is scheduled in less than an hour. Chad Decker for WMT From the V peace ambassador center. Back soon. Thank you. Here you go. You're a popular. The Vs are a hell of a story. - Father... - Jack landry. Yes, they are. What can I do? I've watching your pieces on the centers. And when you spoke about your aneurysm on tv, you gave a lot of people hope. Many of them who were afraid of the Vs aren't anymore, thanks to you. What's there to be afraid of... Miracles? Speaking miracles, you're diagnosed, what was it, a week ago? Why have you waited so long? I'm beginning now. We're telling the story in five parts for sweeps. How can I help you, father? Some of my parishioners are worried, the Vs are doing something in their centers that... we're not being told about. I'm just asking for you to make sure that they are safe, Before you endorse healing centers. That's all I'm asking. Good luck with sweeps. It's Erica. I haven't heard from you. I'm getting worried. Please call me. Do you want to tell me what's really going on? - Where's tyler? - On the phone with his girlfriend. We both know you didn't bring tyler here for him. And you wouldn't be here, if you didn't need something. I need you to keep him. Things are crazy in the city with work, - and I'm barely home. - Work has always been busy. That's never been a problem. Why now? You have noticed the world has turned upside down since they arrived. I'm working triple time, Please. Joe, he needs you. I need you to do this. What are you not telling me? Nothing. I'll take him. Of course, I'll take him. But you need to know that he thinks. That he's the reason why we split up. We can't let him carry that weight. It's time that we told him the truth about who he really is. It's nice to meet you. Ryan's an old friend. Here you go. Come on in. I haven't been able to reach him. You haven't talked to him recently? I've been trying, but he hasn't been answering. He said he was gonna be working late, I'm sure he's just busy. I'm sure he'll call soon. - I'm sorry. It is such a mess. - That's okay. You're... Pregnant. We're not really telling people yet. - Congratulations. - Thanks. - Do you have kids? - Two. Just... I'm sorry to have bothered you. - Just tell ryan I stopped by. - Okay. Sure. I've been thinking about what you said about your parishioners. - I've got questions. - I may not have the answers. Then who does? You. - Me? - You have access to the ships, to Anna. You want the truth? That's the place to look, not here. You want me to go behind Anna's back and do what? Make sure the Vs won't harm us. You gotta give me something here. - A place to start. - I already gave you a place to start. I've got nothing to give you except frightened parishioners in a confessional with a hunch. And you expect me to risk my entire career On a hunch? You already have a hunch something's wrong. You wouldn't be here if you didn't. - You won that race. - Brandon won that race. - He didn't, It was you. - That was another time. You took, you went past him, 50 ft before the end. You don't remember? Work? Ryan's not back yet. - <i>Have you heard from him?</i> - I haven't from anybody. I'm worried. What if he's hurt or worse? I was thinking of going up there. Going up there could make it worse. Stay put. I'm headed back. I'll meet you at the church. Right. Let me guess. You gotta go back for work? Good guess. That okay? Dad asked if I could stay with him. I know you weren't thinking that, but... You want to stay? Yeah. Is that okay? Promise me you won't do anything I wouldn't do. Which leaves? - Nothin'. - Fine. - I love you. - I love you, too, mom. He failed. You're not from here. You're fifth column? No, I'm not. Samuel followed you from the atrium after you boarded the ship. He saw you react to the baby. He saw you take the phosphorous, and I saw you fail the test. Joshua. It's good to meet you. This is Samuel, he's with us, too. Ryan. How many of us on these ships? Not many, and less soon, Anna's started testing. How many on the ground? We're strong in numbers, but we're not organized. What are you doing up here? I'm here to embed a message in Anna's announcement, a call to arms. Good, we're gonna need an army. Anna's birthing soldiers. How much time do we have? Not very much unless we can stop it. You have to get off this ship, warn the other Fifth Column on the ground. - I've gotta embed that message. - I'll do it. You go. If they catch you here, there'll be nothing I can do. Those soldiers... you need to stop 'em. How will I contact you? John May had a comms device... untraceable, outdated tech. It was in Reedsville last time he used it. - Find it. - I will. The phosphorous... It's for a human woman? - Yes. - You have any idea what that means? I do. But I've got no choice. She'll die without it. Once you give it to her, Ryan, there's no going back... Ever. Morning, sweetheart. I should be there, they probably need peace ambassadors to help out.</i> Well, Ty, it's a school day. Where are we with Tyler? He seems to have calmed his mother's fears. Yes, he has. But he's still not here on the ship with you. There will always be obstacles in your way. It's not if you remove them, but how. Get him. You haven't heard from Georgie at all? - Not since this morning. - Damn it. I told him to meet me here. Have you seen or talked to Georgie? Yeah, he went up there, to the U.F.O. What? When? A couple hours ago. He asked me a weapon he could go through security with. You knew? You let him go up there alone? - What kind of person are you? - A realist. A realist would know that the only damn thing Georgie can do is die up there! Why did you send him up there? A realist knows that Ryan is more important to the cause than Georgie. If Ryan was in trouble, it was an acceptable risk to send Georgie up... - That was not your call to make! - You need Ryan. He's a V. He's got access and knowledge Georgie doesn't. Now Georgie, like it or not, is acceptable collateral. Now you can't get used to that, you've already lost. Good evening. It is with great pleasure that I announce you</i> the commencement of our "Live Aboard" program.</i> Our guests will observe the Visitor way of life,</i> have full access to the best of our technology,</i> recreational activities and healing care.</i> Each of our 29 ships have selected participants</i> from every city in the world. Gente de la Gran Ciudad de Madrid... People from all over this great planet</i> will soon receive official invitations.</i> The candidates will come from all walks of life...</i> housewives, plumbers, scientists, business people. I hope those of you who have been chosen</i> will consider living amongst us... Peace always. Welcome to the New York mother ship. There are guided tours departing from the welcome platform every 15 minutes.</i> Jeff Singer. - Georgie. - Go be with your wife, Ryan. She and your child need you. Long live the Fifth Column! The Fifth Column embedded a message in your announcement this evening. - How? - A human snuck away from a tour group, killed one of our guards. He's in our custody. We believe he had help. We'll find out who he was working with soon enough. What did the message say? "John May lives." Everything's falling into place. The Fifth Column on the ground has been in hiding for too long. This message will give them the confidence to come out, and when they do, we'll be waiting for them. With the launch of the program, we'll win the hearts and minds of the humans up here while we crush the Fifth Column down there. How are you feeling? I'm tired. I'm glad you're home, though. I really missed you. I missed you, too. A friend of yours stopped by today... Georgie Sutton. - Georgie? - Yeah. What'd he say? He stopped by to say hi, said we made a nice family. He was happy for us. He said you'd have his number if you wanted to call him. Listen. I gotta go back to work. How about I make you a nice cup of tea, - then I'll tuck you in? - That sounds really nice. Each of you has failed my test. Your allegiance to me has fallen under question. This is your opportunity to redeem yourselves. There's your margin of error. Those who just took their lives have proven their devotion to me. This test will cost countless others their lives before we're done. Skin them. You should have never let him get on that ship! I made a judgment call. You're more valuable to the team than him, you know that. - He was my friend. - Hurting him won't change anything. Georgie's stuck up there. Let's put our heads together and figure out how to get him back, we're gonna need him. - We'll get Georgie back. - Yeah, then I deal with you. Yeah. What are they gonna do to him? They won't kill him, not right away. - So we have a window? - A short one. Getting back up on that ship... it won't be easy, not now. You put my friend on that ship. You better make damn sure we get him back. There's no more shuttles tonight. We have to wait until morning. We can pray, that Georgie's sacrifice was not for nothing. If I had been here, maybe Georgie wouldn't have gone up in that ship. No. You were where you were supposed to be. Driving away from that house tonight without Tyler, without my son... What kind of mother just leaves her child? Tyler's on the Vs radar. You did it to protect your son, that's what you did by leaving him. At least he's safe, right? He's safe. Lisa. What are you doing here?