selected to participate in our "Live Aboard" program. I'm moving up on that ship, mom. There's nothing you can do about it. Members of our race are falling prey to human emotions. Everyone will be tested. - You failed. - The test has to be wrong. I want you to investigate the 5th Column. My Intel says they were planning a terrorist attack against the Visitors. Anna's worried about a group of resistance fighters. If I hear anything, I'll let you know. I've started looking into the group. I might have something for you. There it is! Hurry up! We've got 45 seconds to acquire target or the battery's spent. Do it! Something's not right. Jack, get back here! We gotta split now. We don't have time for this. God in heaven... Got someplace to be, Evans? Just trying to figure out how to schedule the... Hold on. What's happening? The cops are almost here. We gotta get out of here. There might be survivors. You need to tell me what you're seeing out there.</i> No survivors. Jack, they're gone, mate. We can't do nothing for them. What's going on? Ryan, talk to me please. What's going on?</i> It wasn't a V tracker team on that shuttle. They were humans. What? Listen, Jack, come on! We're going! Our shuttle was shot down, as you expected it would. The human remains have been found. There will be a strong public outcry. Human law enforcement will take swift and immediate action against those responsible for this atrocity. 5th Column. 12 HEURES PLUS TÔT Ryan, it's Joshua. What's going on, Joshua? Since you stopped the soldier that was sent after Val, Anna knows that the 5th Column's growing stronger. I've received word from other 5th Column on the ship</i> she's sending a shuttle down filled with trackers to locate those responsible. - Trackers? When? - Today. If those trackers hit the ground and disperse, it'll be impossible to locate them all. I can't let 'em hit the ground. We have to blow that shuttle up before it lands. No human technology can knock one down. But V technology could. If I could acquire a missile, could we alter it, so it could breach a V shuttle's defenses? Only if V code was uploaded to the secret electronics in the missile's - <i>computer chip.</i> - Then get me that code. You don't have much time. You have to move fast. You're dropping your right. - I suppose you could do better. - I wouldn't want to embarrass you... more. Are you backing down from a challenge? I must be mistaken. I thought you were Special Agent Erica Evans. Really? - Need help with those gloves? - I got it. Thanks. Step aside, priest. It's like "thorn birds" in here. They let girls box here. Women, too, I've heard. - You know the sport? - I have four brothers. I learned a thing or two about fighting. - Who's your favorite boxer? - Sugar ray Leonard. Lightning hands, fast on his feet, good balance, never off his form. You're bursting with opinions this morning. Who's yours? We need to get our hands on a stinger missile. - Finally some fun around here. - What are you talking about? Anna's sending down a shuttle filled with V trackers to hunt down those responsible for stopping her soldier... that would be us. - Trackers? - They have heightened senses. They're like soldiers, but they blend in. They could follow a scent, - work a crime scene, evaluate evidence. - Why not just send another soldier? She will, but first, she'll send the trackers to identify us, paint targets on our foreheads. Then she'll send the soldiers to finish us off. When's the shuttle coming? 6:00. But it's never gonna get here. We're gonna blow it out the sky. What? You can't be serious. We're talking about blowing up a shuttle? No, we're talking about blowing up a V shuttle. But you're right to be worried. Strategically, we can't have 5th Column coming off like terrorists. We'll need to control the public blowback. There won't be any. The last thing Anna wants is a big media mess, FBI crawling all over the wreckage. Not with the V remains on the site. All she's gonna do is say there was a shuttle malfunction so they can clean it up. Are we really considering this? My son flies on those shuttles. People fly on them. How do we know no one innocent will be hurt? Joshua's already confirmed that there's only gonna be V trackers on those shuttles. No humans. What if it lands on a house or a school? I know the flight plan. It's landing in a remote location. And make no mistake, if that shuttle touches the ground, we don't stand a chance. Those trackers... they will find us. You want to risk your own life over a fit of conscience, that's fine. How about Tyler's? Ryan, is your Intel good? Perfect. Do it. Team <i>Lézards</i> John117, Cable, kaiser66 1x10 - Hearts and Minds - Finding peace, Father? Some days easier than others. Even for a priest? For everyone, Chad. I've been on the ship a lot since the last time we talked. Anna has the live aboards eating out of the palm of her hand. And I know in my gut, it's not safe for them to be so trusting. I want to join the fight. I was hoping you could point me to the 5th Column, like we said. It's been quiet, I'm afraid, among my parishioners. Well, that's too bad. I could be very useful. I'm behind the scenes with Anna. I travel with her and Marcus. I have unrestricted access to and from the mother ship. I even travel in the V-only shuttles. I overhear things. You ride the V-only shuttles? I'm back and forth in them all the time. I could be a big asset to the 5th Column, Father. You riding the shuttles today? Yes. Most days I do. You should stay away from the V-only shuttles today, Chad. What do you mean by that? Just whisper among the parishioners. It might not be safe. I understand. Thank you, Father. - Are you all right? - She had a nightmare last night. About what? Here. I'll put her down for a nap. It's no trouble. You can tell me. In my dream, I was being taken by doctors down a dark corridor here on the ship. And there were glowing arrows on the ceiling.</i> I'm new to "Live Aboard" and I'm scared.</i> I couldn't tell them to stop. And then there were needles, hundreds of them, being poked into me, all over. I know it was just a dream, but I can't shake it.</i> Can't shake what? How real it felt. You're all right. It was just a nightmare. You're safe up here. I really enjoyed your report on the "Live Aboard" program. - I just wanted to thank you. - I'm glad you liked it. I've been keeping my ear to the ground, looking for any information on the 5th Column - what have you heard? - There are whispers of a threat to the shuttles transporting Vs only today. You've come a long way since we've arrived, Chad, professionally, personally. You'd understand that any threat to my people - is a threat to all of us. - It might be nothing. - I thought I should bring it up. - Where did you learn this? You have to understand how this works. I can get you this information because my sources trust me. I start naming names, that'll choke off the flow of information. I understand. But there's no need, Chad. We don't have any V-only shuttles running today. Will you please excuse us for a moment? Actually, I was on my way out. We haven't eliminated all 5th Column from the ship. Someone leaked news we were to send down on the shuttle. I will look into this. I will tighten the flow of information, again. In light of this threat, do you still want to send down the trackers? I have a better idea. If the 5th Column wants to take down a shuttle, we'll let them. I've got the V code uploaded into the missile electronics, so assuming it does what it's supposed to, we're all systems go. Guys... Ryan, are we sure we really wanna do this? You double-checked your Intel with Joshua? - You're sure? - I'm positive. If we don't do this now, it's gonna be too late. We're running out of time, let's do this. Do it! What's going on? It wasn't a V tracker team on the shuttle. They were humans. My God. Pick up, baby. Pick up, baby. Come on. Please, God. Please pick up. You're okay? Mom, what's wrong? A V shuttle went down. What? When? Just now? ... <i>The area just north of Taconic State Parkway.</i> This possible terrorist attack comes a mere three days</i> after the commencement of the "Live Aboard" program.</i> Stunned and shocked people from... - Lisa could have been there. - I'm sure she's okay. - How do you know, mom? - I don't. It went down in a secluded area, Why would they send peace ambassadors? What if you're wrong about who was on that shuttle? How did this happen? We need answers. I don't have any. Joshua doesn't either. He can to figure it out. - Figure it out? - Maybe he set us up. You didn't hear his voice. He didn't set us up. What, it was a mistake? It was the wrong shuttle? I asked you, Ryan. I asked all of you. We did everything that we could have done. The odds are slim to none... I lived this in Iraq. We won't use those excuses. If we wage a war, if we strike preemptively, we have zero margin of error. Zero. Either we value life or we are the Vs. - No, it's not that simple. - It is precisely that simple! Where are you with this? With you. You can't afford to be, we've got other problems now. We were all over that crime scene. We were late getting out. The cops were on top of us. It wasn't a clean getaway. We might have left evidence. I won't do this anymore. I'm out. Floyd Patterson. What? My favorite boxer... is Floyd Patterson. He got knocked down seven times in one round against Johansson. Seven times. You know what he said? "They said I was the fighter who got knocked down the most. But I also got up the most." So my question to you two is this... which do you want to be... the guy who gets knocked down... Or the guy who gets back up? Is Lisa okay? I saw the footage of the shuttle crash, - and I thought if she was on it. - Lisa's fine. Nothing was gonna keep you from her. If she was gone, I... I don't know what I'd do. I'm doing "Live Aboard." Lisa will be very pleased. I'll let her know. Don't worry. Go home and pack. Soon enough, you'll be with her all the time. Evans. Where have you been? My son is on the ship. I had to track him down, make sure he wasn't on the shuttle. - He's fine. - Good. I need every able body on this thing. Given our stance on terrorism, this is a global embarrassment. The evidence indicates domestic, and everything's pointing to 5th Column. What do we got? Malik's working up a list of people who could do this, people against the Vs. We picked up tread marks on the trees, where we think the terrorists parked. But not much else. The shuttle's engines run on blue energy, highly explosive stuff. when they blew up, they left little forensic evidence. Now the V on the dock puts the number between 15 and 20 people. You've seen the remains. We need a forensic anthropologist to do the DNA work. It could take weeks. We shut down the highway immediately after the crash, here and here, they would have had to pass through this tollbooth. The good news? Tollbooth has security cameras. Nice. We matched the tread to 7 vehicle makes. Once we pull footage, we can cross-reference. Let's get to work. Can't reach Jack. He wouldn't pick up. We've got problems. What did you drive on the scouting mission? Jack's van, we covered up the lettering. - You didn't drive through a tollbooth? - Yeah, we had to. We stayed to check for survivors. Our escape route was compromised. The tollbooth had security cameras. The footage is on a live feed to an off-site location. I'll text you the address. You and Hobbes better get there and wipe the footage. Make sure you get us the address. Smooth. - One of the bones is smooth. - You all right? What's going on? Bones crack when they're burned in the flesh. But bones from a skeleton stay smooth in a fire. Why would there be a skeleton on a shuttle full of tourists? There wouldn't. They wouldn't put a skeleton with humans. The other people... We didn't do this. We didn't kill anyone. The people there were already dead. Anna set us up? You got photos of this, hard evidence? I'm staring at my monitor right now. It disappeared. - Someone deleted it. - <i>Disappeared?</i> Who would cover up something like that? Cover the office. I'm rolling out to grab that tollbooth footage. On it. Ryan, the FBI just launched. Get there and wipe that footage before they do, or this is gonna get pinned on us. Get moving now. Get in there and short the server, exactly like I showed you. In 20 paces, make a left. Keep going straight down the hallway.</i> Bloody hell. - Bloody hell what? - FBI. I got it. I'm here. You're about to get caught. Get the hell out of there! They're on top of you, get gone. Damn it. You were protecting me by warning me about the shuttles, trying to save my life. I was just passing on a rumor I heard. I didn't know that would happen. What exactly was the 5th Column's plan? Why would they kill humans? I don't know any circumstances under which they could condone that. I'm sure the 5th Column knows what they're doing. I'm sure... they know what's necessary. And for me to be useful, I have to do what's necessary, too. - Meaning? - I have to report on this attack. To keep my position with Anna intact. I can't seem sympathetic to the cause. I have to come down hard. What I'm saying is, if you're 5th Column, things are about to get very bad for you. Good thing I'm not 5th Column. Anna never saw it coming, you know. She'd heard nothing - about any threats... - What, you asked her? Indirectly, of course. The 5th Column caught her off guard, which, believe me, is hard to do. We value life above all else, every single life. The 5th Column reacted exactly as I suspected. Shooting down that shuttle backfired. Tonight they will be introduced to the world just as I planned it, as terrorists. Mother, you wanted to see me? We value life above all else, every single life. We value life above all else, every single life. Which is more effective, Marcus? I think they're all sufficient. The second one. It seems more sincere. Your grasp of human emotion is... impressive. Thank you, mother. Are you all right? My faith is shaken, Father. Your faith in God? No, my faith in myself. In times like this, it's best to get back to basics, your core values. I've made choices, Father, terrible choices, with people's lives on the line. - You mean when you were at war? - I'm not talking about the past. If this is an issue of law, then perhaps you need to make a confession of a different type? - It's Ryan. We wiped the footage. - Good. - Any luck? - Yes, actually. They got to the security facility and wiped the footage from after the attack. - Damn it. - They seem like pros, so I figured they'd scouted the route earlier. I grabbed the footage from this morning. It archives to a different server. We reviewed it there. Nice. Any suspects? One name rang the cherries. Not exactly your typical terrorist. These were taken this morning near the crime scene. Your tire tracks, too. You want to explain that? Come on, Father. Give me your cover story. I'm sure you thought that through. I thought nothing through. I've sat across from a lot of suspects in that chair. Some of them were remorseless, sure, but not you. I can read the guilt in your eyes. I'm giving you a chance to unburden yourself. Answer him! Do you think this is a game? Would you mind bringing Malik in here with those crime scene photos? Please. The Vs loaded that shuttle with dead bodies. They set us up. We didn't kill anyone. Look really scared. We can hold you for 48 hours without charging you. Do you think your collar will protect you in there? Explain this. Those tires aren't unique to my van. The church bought a whole fleet. There must be... thousands of vehicles with that tread. Why were you at the tollbooth? It's a state parkway. I was going to see a parishioner. I'm sure he'll be happy to confirm your story. I was consulting her on matters of adultery. Her name's confidential. - How convenient. - Not to her husband. Tell me you didn't drag me away because of a common tire impression and a picture of me traveling on a public parkway. Because I can't imagine you'd be wasting your time harassing a priest during an investigation this high-profile. So you better charge me or let me go. Cut him loose. And there were glowing arrows on the ceiling.</i> I was being taken by doctors, down a dark corridor,</i> here on the ship. I was scared, but I couldn't tell them to stop. Hundreds of them... and they poked into me... all over. I know it was just a dream, but I can't shake it. I'm glad you came by to bring me to the ship. That's not why I stopped by. I don't want you to move onto the ship with me. What? Why? You're a nice guy, but I don't have the same feelings for you as you do for me. What are you talking about? You've been just as into this as I have. My mother really likes you, Tyler. I didn't want to disappoint her. So what about us on the shuttle? What was that? I just wanted to see what it felt like. That's all. You can go. We value life above all else, every single life. I wish we could have done something to save the lives that were tragically taken today by this unprovoked attack. Perhaps our greatest flaw is that we are too trusting.</i> There are those that don't share our regard for life.</i> The 5th Column seeks to destroy us because we're from another place, because they think we don't belong here,</i> because we're different. Get up to the ship. Make sure it gets conveyed to Anna the FBI is doing everything we can. Since our presence here is causing such strife that humans have been caught in the crossfire, we've been forced to reconsider being here at all. I don't think I could bear another tragedy like this. We are of peace. We are always of peace. Kendrick needs to talk to you about your involvement with 5th Column. He wants you in the war room... now. I'm not going to let anything or anyone else harm the Visitors, period. I have orders to form a task force to zero in on 5th Column. Evans... I'm assigning you to head it up. You'll have every means at your disposal, the full resources of this office, and you'll be partnered with Agent Malik. Agent Malik from the FBI. I'm here to see Marcus about the shuttle crash. It is an honor to see you again, my queen. Only two of the crime scene photos were damning. I deleted them, and destroyed the evidence before anything could be forwarded to the forensic anthropologist. Malik, cover the office, I'm rolling out to grab that tollbooth footage. On it. You've done superb work, under great pressure. Permitting that missile to strike the shuttle accomplish precisely what you had hoped. The task force has been formed. I am now free to serve our people and hunt down 5th column with the full weight of the United States government behind me. We have seen a massive amount of unprecedented sympathy for the Vs and an international outcry against the 5th Column</i> and this atrocity carried out at their hands.</i> At this time, there is very little...</i> Now you're a prime suspect in the bombing, it's gonna be even more dangerous for us to be seen with you. We did this. So you'd better have my back. We're in this together, like it or not. Jack. He rides the private V shuttles, so I warned him. Chad Decker? He asked Anna about it, and that's how she found out. He's a potential ally. He doesn't know anything. I've been careful. I told you, you can't trust anyone. He could have died. So, you brought all this down on our heads 'cause you didn't want to risk that guy's life? One life? I won't ever forget what one life is worth. If we're gonna win this war, we can't go off the rails. We can't lose sight of who we are. Jack's right. We can never be like them. See, that's what Anna does. She takes our emotions, uses it against us, can't let her do that. You know, you can call yourselves freedom fighters, you can call yourself rebels, but no make no mistake, kids... we're terrorists now. Are you willing to bear that cross so that people can sleep well at night? Yeah. Why? We're the only ones willing to. Hey, padre. Welcome back. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about going behind your back, mom. What's the matter? You were right. About everything. Lisa? She didn't care about me, mom. She just was using me. Did she say that? Okay. How could I have been this stupid? Why am I that much of an idiot? No. Oh, sweetie, of course not. You just cared about someone. Somebody that... wasn't worth it. You never know why anyone does what they do. Okay? World leaders have been calling, offering their condolences, vowing to help in our fight against 5th Column. They're concerned we might leave. Good. We'll use their fear to our advantage, just as we did the Americans' today. I'm sorry, mother. I failed. Tyler won't be coming to "Live Aboard." I pushed too hard, and he doesn't want to see me anymore. I did everything I could, but I believe the pull of his mother was too strong for him. I understand. We'll have to find a greater incentive for him. You were injured in a 5th Column attack. Don't worry, daughter. We'll get him back. There is no greater incentive for a