But Sue Collini always gets the weenie. - How's it going, professor? - In a word? Awesome. Look, Hank, I know you're not exactly what anyone would call an education professional. But my wife went out on a limb for you. - What do you think of Jackie? - You're old enough to be her father. You find me irresistible? - Has a woman ever punched you? - You know what? You should use me. Really? - Do you work here? - You wanna come? - Would that involve seeing you naked? - Most definitely. I think not. In the interest of student-teacher relations. We're being all normal and responsible, and... What if in the process, we just kind of get over each other? What if you tell me about our daughter? - Who are you texting? - Chelsea. Tell her you're being a total dick. I fucking hate you! And I fucking hate you too, you little shit! You don't have to do that. Not on my account. That's an example of what's wrong with the younger generation today. You leave nothing to the imagination. So you've got yourself some boobs. Some nice, big, round boobs. Everybody's got 'em. You know, nothing to get excited about. You know, just... Yes, <i>Fraulein</i>. Do you have anything to add? On the subject of? On the subject of the subject we were just discussing. That subject. Let me think. Not a thing. Nope. Wait. There is something I would like to say. Excellent. We're all ears. Do you think the ladies have gone too far with the sex-positive feminism? I know they all say they're down with the pornography and the shaved pudenda and whatnot, but do we really think that this is the path to liberation? Ezra Pound. What do you think? I'm not sure this is the proper forum for such a discussion, Hank. You asked me. I'm just thinking out loud. Spitball. Okay, everyone. That'll do it for today. Thanks for coming. See you all tonight. You too, Hank. Correct? - I'm sorry? - Tonight. My house. English department fall mixer. Ring any bells? Not a one. It's just a little get together we have at the start of every school year. Faculty, grad students, some wine, some cheese. Well, that sounds awesome and I'm stoked, but alas, I've got plans with the soul-sucking vampire I call my daughter, so I gotta take a rain check... Chelsea's already asked if Becca can spend the night. But I think she'll change her plans when she hears what I've got on tap. Besides, wine gives me a headache and cheese makes me fart, a lot. - You don't want me there to stink up. - Now what if I said, your job depends on it, Are you sexually harassing me right now? Because if you are, I'm gonna have to report you. For giving me a serious boner. Good to know. See you at 7:00. No means no, you know. This man is ruining my life. By making it unbearably awesome. Sweetie, I'm not really sure I understand what the problem is. He's delusional. He thinks we're going to hang out and bond. Okay, hand it over. Thank you. You don't understand, woman. I have a plan. - You do? - <i>Yes, if we never leave the house,</i> nothing bad can ever happen. Right, 'cause, like, your parents never fuck you up. No, you were supposed to find that last remark charming. - This thing on? - Yeah. I'm here, I just... My boss is trying to get through. I'm... I'm late for a dinner with him and some clients, so. Don't go. Just blow it off. Please, will you take care of the Becca thing? - Yes. I will take care of it. - <i>Bye. Bye.</i> Yes, father? Don your best frock. The wine and cheese awaits. You see that bathroom over yonder? Once, I took every crooked inch Jackie Gleason had to offer in that stall. Signed Kristofferson right here in this booth. Yeah, time there was when I would get wet off a great sign. That's right. I'm talking dripping, fucking ganges wet. Speaking of the good old days... Springfield. Get your toned tush over here. Sorry I'm late. Some Tarzana housewife paid a grand to spend the day with me. She wanted to make out, so I did her a solid and I ate that butterscotch for 45 minutes straight. Right, Rick. This is my subordinate and prospective boytoy, - Charles W. Runkle. - Pleasure. Sue and I used to see each other, you know. Early '80s. In what universe is fucking like chinchillas and blowing coke up each other's asses "seeing each other"? I'm a big fan of your oeuvre, Rick. All of it. The music, the acting... I'm flattered. You know, like I said on the phone, I'm not looking for representation. Bullshit. Housewives in Tarzana? Don't tell me that you don't wanna rawdog the top shelf like you used to in your prime? All due respect, Sue, life just isn't about the pussy. It's about finding your passion and never letting go, and this man has done just that. Quit licking his shaft. He's always been a prime cut of USDA beefcake, and he knows it. Sure, the ladies love him. September 7, 2002, the best sex I ever had with my wife. Rick Springfield at the Universal Amphitheater, was like three solid hours of foreplay, dude. Everything she wanted to do with him in 1982 but didn't know how, she did with me repeatedly and I thank you, sir. - Fat lot of good that does me. - Okay, get to the point. First, we get you some indie cred. Let's find you your <i>Wrestler,</i> like Mickey Rourke. Let's see you blow people away with your serious side? Get an Oscar nom for playing an addict, a cripple, a retard, whatever. Then you go into every office in town and you hit 'em with your project. That's how you get it done. Harry Greenberg agency has the mojo to make something like that happen? Fuck no. You supply the mojo. We take care of everything else. I like the sound of that. Church. You're scaring me, Sue. Does that mean you like that? Finally. God, what took you so long? - What up, hank? - Becca, last chance to change your mind, come on. - Just do me one favor. - Anything, my churlish love. Try not to get too hammered. Don't put daddy in a corner. You don't wanna park there. Dean hates it when you block the entrance. - Hmm, big date tonight? - Is it that obvious? That dress could cure cancer! I think you should fuck him. If he agreed to meet you at this sad assembly of two-bit intellectuals, he clearly digs the shit out of you. You have the ability to make a simple cocktail party into the worst thing that's ever happened to you. - It's a gift, really. - There you are. - Did you two come together? - No. - We just came in together. - I see. And I actually get more bars outside, excuse me. Did you happen to see where Becca and Chelsea got off to? They went straight to Chelsea's room. I have so many people i want you to meet. Come on, baby. - Celebrate with me. - Don't baby me, jackass. No. Fuck no. I got a date. Drop the zero and get with the hero. I signed a big fish today. Well good for you. Maybe you can move the fuck out now. Right. Well. Force of habit, I guess. Every time I sign a client, I just can't help but picture the two of us with a bottle of Bubbly. That was then, Charlie. And this is now. Got it. Okay, well... have a nice date. Yeah, thanks. Runkle, you were on fire today. I mean, that was serious Swifty Lazar shit. I've never been so proud and so wet... at the same time. Come on. Thank you. How many jobs do you have, lady? You got a paper route too? Fill this thing up. Scotch preferably. I'm coming off of a lengthy conversation with a man in a sweater vest. Dean Koons keeps the good stuff locked in his office. - Which would be where, exactly? - I can't tell you that. People like you mess with the master's shit. People like me get blamed for it. - Class warrior, are we? - Just a girl saving for a rainy day. You know, the truth is I'm a pretty shitty bartender. But I am a kick ass stripper. This bod is the true gift that God gave me. I agree, but I think you're selling yourself short still. - I'm too smart to be a stripper? - Smart has nothing to do with it. I'm just thinking in practical terms. Down the road, job opportunities tend to dwindle for those in the more naked professions, - if you understand what I'm saying. - Two empty glasses, Jackie, thank you. I'm going to offer our, visiting scholar from Amherst some of my '82 la tour. That's not cool, Dean Koons. Segregating your guests into two classes, offering your good stuff only to a select few. Well, when you get your Guggenheim, we can talk about that. In the meantime, you enjoy that glass of very middling cab. Asshole. There you are. I see you found the toys in the attic. What, are you running a museum here on the side or something? It's just his little hobby. Bores the shit out of me, actually. I'm quite relieved to catch you here alone. - You don't care about the snooping? - Snoop all you want. My life's an open book. Sadly. Besides, becca must have told you all about us by now. No, she's not much one for chatting. Texting, yes. Twittering, tweetering, twatting, - Staring solemnly at the old man. - Oh, please. You fathers have it easy. Most days, I can barely get a civil word out of Chelsea. At least Becca still talks about you with some sort of twisted affection. Rebecca? My becca? That doesn't sound like her. No, it's true. We had an interesting discussion the other day about the more scatological elements in your work. - She knows quite a lot about Rabelais. - That's me. - I taught her that shit. - Yeah, I figured, when she told me all about how you got your start in New York and how you met her mother. - No shit. - I mean, she seems a little confused about the issue of whether you two are still together or not. - Aren't we all. - Oh, well, that's a shame. Gosh, I'd love to fix you up sometime. I appreciate that, but that's a fool's errand. - Oh, really? Why is that? - Well, it's my purgatory, really. Dinner, drinks, whatever. Never really all that interested, but I find myself telling her how beautiful she is anyway. 'Cause it's true. All women are, in one way or another. You know, there's always something about every damn one of you. There's a smile, a curve, a secret. You ladies really are the most amazing creatures. My life's work. But then there's the morning after. The hangover and... realization that I'm not quite as free as I thought I was the night before. Then she's gone. And I'm haunted by yet another road not taken. I'm impressed. You... actually dropped the act for a moment and said something real. I do that sometimes. But you never know when it's coming. You gotta stay on your toes. I'm like a boxer that bobs and waves like Mohammed Ali or Joe Frazier or Sugar Ray Leonard. Basically, I'm just listing boxers you might have... I'm sorry. The party's downstairs, isn't it? I think you might be selling yourself a little short. With just the tiniest bit of effort, you could've had someone much younger and much hotter. But better luck next time, teach. What's the matter with you? You look flushed. Well, my virtue was just assailed. In a not entirely unpleasant manner, but still. - Leaving so soon? - Yeah. Girl can only take so much humiliation in one night. Oh, the gentleman caller never called, huh? No, he never called. And he never texted. And he made an actual plan to meet me here. He seemed really into it on the first two dates. And then, he just never showed. Go ahead and explain that to me. Take a shot, you said you would explain it and why? - Is it so hard to make a phone call? - I'm not the man who stood you up. Ah, here's where he keeps the good stuff. Me! We were talking about me here. I'm gonna say this once and one time only, so listen closely, okay? Fuck the fireman. If I recall, that was the same advice you gave me earlier in the evening. Totally different context. So that's it. Just fuck him. That's all you got. I gotta be totally laid back about this. I'm not even allowed to be pissed off. No, you get to be pissed off. But, you know, maybe if you just relaxed for... half a second, and stopped looking so hard for the appropriate life mate, then you might wake up one morning next to one. Right. 'Cause it's just that easy. I didn't say it was easy, but you've got a serious gam up in the matter. How, how so? 'Cause you're scary smart and you're crazy beautiful. You're also incredibly sexual. So there. What the fuck are you talking about? I'm a total nerd. True that, but you're a sexy nerd. You know, some women, they just shut off that part of themselves and expect prince charming to come along and pry open their dusty old beavers with the jaws of life, or some shit like that. Not you. You're a good timer. And you're just saying this, right? Which... what, what do you mean? Well, you're saying all this incredibly weird but incredibly sweet stuff about me and... But that's what you do, right? In the situation when you're trying to make me feel better. - Which is bad, why? - It's not necessarily a bad thing. I just wonder if you mean anything that's coming out of your mouth. I don't just say shit. I mean, I do talk a lot of shit, but I generally mean what I say and I say what I mean. So you see me as a viable candidate? - Depends on what you're running for. - Dick, you know what I mean. Look, if my love life weren't as complicated as something that is... really complicated that I can't think of right now, I would totally check your teeth and take you out for a ride. God, I hate you! What, you're a strange bird. Why are you hating on me? 'Cause I really thought you were gonna kiss me just then. That is weird. That is very weird. - Why? - I was thinking the exact same thing. - Really? - Not exactly. I was thinking about what it might be like to go down on you for the 1st time. - It's kind of the same thing, isn't it? - You're such an asshole. Do you feel it yet? Is that normal? Totally. Mushrooms take a while to hit. What's the craziest thing you've ever done? Sexually. Let's put it this way. My father would be thrilled by my lack of experience in the area. What about blow jobs? I touched one. Kind of freaked me out how hard it got. You? A bunch of times. It's fun. Weren't you scared? Sure. At first. But then you realize how much power you have over guys, and it's kind of exciting. I'm sure I'd do something wrong. It's not like you're gonna break it. Be careful with your teeth and remember to incorporate the balls, you can't fuck it up too bad. Ask any guy, he'll tell you. Okay. Good to know. Don't worry. We'll get you laid this year. No rush. Sometimes I think I'd be happy to stay a virgin forever. Seems like once you get laid... Your whole life basically turns to shit. I've heard that one before. Come on. You're slipping. I've done a lot of work to get you out of that gloomy fuckin' head of yours. Think about it. If my mother and father hadn't been so quick to fuck each other, I wouldn't be here right now. And if I wasn't here right now, I think they'd be a lot happier. Especially my father. That's really shitty that he makes you feel that way, Becca. He doesn't. It's me. I just see things. Is this it? I know, right? No, not that. I'm such a slut. In the best way possible. You're not, like, gonna lose respect for me now, are you? 8% at the most. Hold on. Thought I heard somebody. Go, go. Okay, you caught me. Watch that stuff. Here, let me take that off your hands. Moody, for Christ's sake. Don't handle me. Please don't handle me. - What are you doing in my office? - Making a phone call. That was your cell phone? Yeah. I like me a '70s groove. What about that ditty you were singing when you came in here? May I inquire about that? That was an obscure classic. Was it? Is it some ditty of your own invention, perhaps? No, it's right out of the great american songbook, FYI. If you had a little more culture, you'd understand that. Maybe you would have sung it a capella with the whiff n' poofs? Gay man's health choir, or something like that? Hey, you two. Party's in there. You won't have it. I wouldn't dream of it but I would like some privacy to make a phone call. What do you mean, no? That's not very polite. Well, my house, my rules. - What's gotten into him? - Is there another way in here? - Why do you want more privacy? - Well, I just... About earlier, can we just forget what happened? Well, we needn't ever speak of it again. But one does not very easily forget the kiss of a beautiful woman. That's right. I said it. I meant it. I'm here to represent it. I gotta run 'cause that cheese is working on me. I was looking for Charlie. He's gone home for the day. You must be Sue. Marcy, the ex. He's told me all about you. If you just tell him that I was looking for him, I was gonna give him this bottle of... Smoker's cough. Love those more menthols. Are you inside that woman? I can explain. - Oh, Jesus Christ. - Marcy. Marcy, it... - It was nice to meet you, Sue. - Marcy, marcy, don't go. Oh, god, okay. Let's just keep my ass closer to the ground, please. There you go. Remind me to never take your advice again. You're gonna thank me when you're living in the suburbs with that house with the attached garage of your dreams. - Would you like a smoke? - No, I've broken quite enough rules for one night, thank you. Speaking of which... probably wasn't cool of me to... take advantage of you in your moment of weakness. No, it wasn't. But in fairness, all of my moments are moments of weakness now. So what's the matter with me anyway? Well, now that I've had an up close and personal view, I would have to say nothing. Oh, come on, that old chestnut? It's not me, I just haven't found the right guy? - Oh, my god. - What? - Shit, he's here. - Him who? The fire dude. The balls on that guy, three hours late. Then again, you just had another dude inside you ten minutes ago. Hey, Ross. You made it. Yeah, you must really hate me right now. She does. That's not a lie. I... - This is... - This is Dr. Henry Moody. I'm her thesis advisor. Nice to meet you. I thought that Jill made you up, that you were a figment of her imagination. Well, I'm hoping you'll give me a chance to explain you know, unless I'm too late. Maybe I've... maybe I missed my chance. Well, normally she's a real stickler for verities and balderdash, but if you were out saving lives, I think an exception can be made for a real life fire dude. No? What were you just saying, you want another fucking drink? Just now. You were, right? I was. I... I need another fucking drink. And spring for the good stuff. Get the top shelf. Don't be cheap. See you in class, professor. There's my dad. What were you doing? Late night swim, midnight tennis match? We just walked down to campus to get some pizza. Pizza? Pizza. - Come closer. - Why? I want to smell you. You smell like pizza. Be careful, don't get too close. I feel a burp coming on. - You wouldn't. - I would. And remember, sometimes burps smell worse than farts. - Is that a threat? - You guys are so gross. What, there's no bodily functions at the deanery? Just catered affairs? Hey, dad, don't pick me up till noon tomorrow, okay? Okay, sweetie. Very cheerful. Very cheerful. One night, Felix. That's it. All right? Understood. I just, I can't go back there tonight. I can't face her. Not after this humiliation. Remind me again how this humiliation is different from all the others. I'm gonna need some eggs benedict tomorrow, blue man. That I can do. What I cannot do is resist the allure of a powerful woman. So we're 100% sure she's 100% woman, right? The balls of steel thing is just metaphorical? You know what did the trick, hank? What set me over the edge after weeks of resisting, one tiny little compliment about my agenting. That's it. That's all it takes to make a man come across. They are not complicated creatures. Don't be so hard on yourself. You were sexually harassed tonight. As was I. No man can withstand that kind of pressure. But do you know where I'd be if I'd been just a tiny bit stronger? Back in the promised land. The whole package, man. My own house, my own bed,