the flame down last night? Totally, 100% guaranteed, positively sure. Alarm's gone off before, but the smoke was always gray. One time, a possum got stuck in the shaft. - Smoke came out like this. - Dr. Addy was conducting an experiment on a pig yesterday. I told all them eggheads not to toss dead animals down the incinerator shaft. Since when do they listen to us? Holy crap! Definitely not pork. At 400 degrees, bone chars in six hours, and turns to ash in eight. Charring, no ash. Six to eight hours? Dumped into the incinerator between 1:00 and 3:00 a.m. Alive or dead before he or she went into the incinerator? Can't tell yet. - What's that? - Guest log. No visitors checked out after 9:36 last night, no one checked in before 8:02 this morning. Meaning the victim probably works here. Meaning the killer does, too. Pubic bone is female. There's no carbon in the trachea. She was dead before she was thrown down the chute. Extensive fissures, fractures and breaks to the entire skeleton. I'll have Zack determine which were caused by heat and which by trauma. Heads up. They called Bancroft in from a hearing on the Hill. Who's Bancroft again? God! The Supreme Honcho of the Jeffersonian. I think I met him once. Okay, I am ready to start the facial reconstruction. I haven't put on tissue depth markers yet. I haven't finished removing all the carbonized brain matter. Once you've done that, Zack can clean the skull. Are you all right? What's wrong? I'm fine. I'll start after the tissue markers are... Let me know. What the hell was that about? Bones S03E06 "Intern in the incinerator" Transcript: swsub.com Sync: IceFre@k --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- You won't like it. Like what? I've ID'd the victim. That's impossible. - Told you you wouldn't like it. - There are no tissue markers. You can't just look at a skull and see the person. I've done hundreds of these reconstructions. The depressed glabella, the narrow nasal aperture, the chipped lateral incisor. You can see a face from that? The chipped tooth was from a skiing accident... when she was 16. you know the victim personally? Kristen Reardon. She's an intern. We had coffee a couple of times. She didn't want to be a scientist. She wanted to go into design. She was just here to make her father happy. She was young and... eager and keen and... She was just really, really young. Wait. Reardon? As in Dr. Ted Reardon? - Yeah. He used to work here. - I took a course from him in Ancient Pharmacology. Look, I know we can't say anything until you do the tissue markers and we go through channels, but I'm telling you, I know that this is Kristen. Poor Ted. You want to know something else? She was seeing somebody who worked here. Is that relevant? Well, Booth will think so. Especially since it was a married man. Did she tell you who? No. Just that they had had their first kiss at the opening of that Egyptian exhibit, and that it had been hot and heavy ever since. I'm sorry, Ange. No, I'm sorry. I'm just really freaked out by this one. - Because you know the victim. - And the killer. I mean, look around. Do you like thinking that somebody we see every day could have thrown Kristen into the incinerator? How can I aid your investigation? Well, Dr. Bancroft, I'd like printouts from the Jeffersonian Security detailing who was and... was not in the building. - Done. - I'd also appreciate it if you would tell your people to cooperate with the FBI. Yes. Of course, agent Booth. I don't know if you've had much cause to work with scientists. Difficult people by nature. Combative, skeptical, resistant. I've noticed. - Have you identified the victim? - Unofficially, An intern by the name of Kristen Reardon. No relation to Ted Reardon? His daughter. Dr. Reardon left the Jeffersonian for Georgetown University? In the interests of full disclosure, I was instrumental in that move. You fired him. - I facilitated a necessary change. - Necessary change? Excellent scientist, poor administrator. Does Reardon know about his daughter? Dr. Brennan is informing him now. I'd like to be kept in the loop on this. Within the constraints of the law, of course. Sure. Ted Reardon? Victim's father? Bones is telling him his daughter's dead. Rumor has it Bancroft banished Reardon from the Jeffersonian because he felt threatened politically. I know. Let's leave Bones to it. Would it be insensitive to mention that my father's 60th birthday is coming up? 60 already? We're having a big birthday dinner for him on Thursday night. You give him my best. Do it yourself. You have to come with me. What? No. Not your family. I can't spend the night defending the fact that I still live alone to my family. You never told them we broke up? You wanna make a man miserable on his 60th birthday. You want me to pretend that I'm your boyfriend? Yes. Between 6:30 and 10:00 on Thursday. Camille, you're an adult. You can't live your life afraid of what your family thinks. Seeley, it's not going to be like this forever. One day, he'll die. Tough going in there? I've never had to tell someone his child is dead. I've been there when you did it but to actually... It's extremely unpleasant. Listen, did you get a chance to... ask him about his daughter's love life? Yes. He said, as far as he knew, she wasn't seeing anyone. Kristen was lying to her father. Dr. Brennan, is it true? Kristen Reardon is dead? Evan, Special Agent Booth. He's in charge of the murder investigation. Dr. Evan Klimkew, Kristen Reardon's supervisor. Murder? Kristen was murdered? What did Kristen Reardon do? Authentications. Other museums and high-end collectors, use us to authenticate their acquisitions. - That a big department? - Three to five interns, all doctoral candidates, my assistant and myself. That's it. It's a competive environment. Of course. You put a bunch of neurotic, type-A overachievers together, you dangle a prize over their heads... Dr. Klimkew is referring to the Bates Fellowship. The top intern receives $75,000 and a gold star on their resume. Kristen was the front-runner. I had heard that her heart wasn't in it. Didn't show in her work. God, this is terrible. Does her father know? Who was her main rival for the Bates money? That would be Neil Tyler. Neil Tyler. Where can I find him? We're authenticating the artifacts in your serial killer vault. So what does your wife think of these... you know, these late hours? I'm separated. - That's your answer. - Are you seeing anyone now? Are you serious? It's a murder investigation, Evan. No. I'm not seeing anyone. Thank you, Dr. Klimkew. This spinner appears to be Masonic in origin... bloodstone, gold... But what's interesting is, in the center, instead of the traditional "G" for God, there's a skull. Gormogon iconography. Strange. We've been seeing a lot of that in here. Gormogon? Okay, what's that? - It's an 18th century... - It's an extinct... group dedicated to eradicating the influence of the <i>Freemasons</i> and <i>Illuminati</i> in Europe in the 18th century. That could be the largest collection of Gormogon artifacts in the world. That's great. You and Kristen were here last night? That's right. Kristen worked there. I signed out around midnight. Kristen stayed longer, like always. Okay. A little resentful there? I worked my way through state college. I've got a second job, which is why I had to leave early. Kristen went to an Ivy League school, and Dad's got connections. Who do you think needed the Bates Fellowship more? Oh, the way I hear it, you're next in line for a big payday, pal. I liked Kristen, and she liked me. Check the logs. I wasn't here. Do you know who Kristen was seeing? You mean like romantically? No. Only that it was an older guy, and she said I was going to be really surprised when I found out who it was. How about you? You married? I'm gay, Agent Booth. Excuse me. What do you got? Kristen Reardon's bag. Ah, cell phone... Logs. The bag tells us that Kristen wasn't leaving the museum - when she met with her killer. - A lot of calls to the same number. - Let's hope it's our cheating husband. - Kristen was authenticating artifacts from the Gormogon Vault. - Let's not go there. - If Gormogon killed her, then Gormogon is one of us... somebody who works at the Jeffersonian. You went there. What? You went there and you gave him a nickname. - That just happened, right? - You saw that? - Who is it? - Is he dead? Yes, but only because he was never alive. - You got to be kidding me. - Look at this. The Gestapo's interfering with free inquiry. Guys, just let 'em go. And if they try to escape, shoot 'em. - What's with the dummy, dummies? - Not a dummy. It's an ersatz skeleton made from glass and reinforced nylon, which breaks exactly like human bone. We threw it from the top floor. Explicate your process, please. Using bone density tables, we duplicated Kristen's exact height and weight. For God's sake, why? To prove that Kristen Reardon was dead before her skull fractured from falling down the incinerator chute. - we already know that. - We re-created her bone density and found that her skull would not have fractured in the way it did from a fall less than 25 meters. "Oh," what? English, please. That tells us the body was put in the trash chute on the top floor of our building. The office suites. It's always the suits, baby. Hey, I work suits. Yes, yes, you do. All right, that's it. No shooting of the squints tonight. Sorry. All right, good work. Let's go, Bones. Kristen Reardon was stabbed to death. Aorta and left lung both punctured. Whoa. She bleed a lot? Through the wound, through her mouth. Copious amounts. Booth, everyone's coming around to the opinion that Kristen Reardon's death had something to do with the Gormogon Vault. See, we got to squelch that one 'cause that will totally shift the focus - of this investigation. - You might have noticed, but these people are tough to squelch. They're always telling us not to jump to conclusions. But when they do, it's called a "quantum leap." Jump, leap, tomato, "tomato," what's the difference? Look, um, does the name Aldridge mean anything to you? Rings a bell, yeah. Why? 'Cause there was no blood near the incinerator chute on the top floor. The body could have been wrapped in plastic or transported in a tub. There's a Dr. Kyle Aldridge, heads up the Middle East department. Why? Hmm, do they have offices in this building? Middle East department is in Building S, but it joins up to this building by a skyway. Why? What floor does the skyway connect with? Top floor. I'm gonna ask why again, and this time you're gonna tell me. This guy Aldridge's number's all over Kristen's cell phone. Just hold on. Yeah, it's Booth. Check out all the offices in the adjoining building on the top floor. Start with a Dr. K. Aldridge. Cam, this case? Yes, you still have to come to my father's birthday dinner. I didn't even bring that up. - Nice try. - Nice try what? I didn't even... Ah, the good life. Dr. Kyle Aldridge. Mansion next to Teddy Kennedy on Dupont Circle? A 60-foot yacht and... a vacation home in the Hamptons. I wish I'd paid more attention during science class. Intelligence is not a matter of will, Agent Booth. So it's not a character flaw to be less intelligent than someone else. Yeah. Listen, I appreciate the pep talk. Listen, our first suspect would usually be your wife, but since she's been in Venice for a month... Venice. So how is it that somebody who makes 80 grand a year can lend Ted Kennedy his lawn mower and afford to send his wife off to Venice? My wife's family is very generous. How generous do you think they would be if they found out that you were... bonking an intern? They teach you that technique at Quantico? Spring vulgarities on the unsuspecting suspect, and he will confess all? Are you confessing all? To the affair or to murder? Excuse me, agent Booth. There's something you're gonna want to see in Dr. Aldridge's workroom. Lights, please? Look at all that blood. This cart explains how the body was transported over to the incinerator chute. This must be where Kristen Reardon was actually murdered. All right, put the lights on. OK, Dr. Aldridge, I'd like to ask you a few questions about the murder of Kristen Reardon. We gonna go willingly? I never liked Kyle Aldridge. He told me once that having a high IQ was no excuse not to bathe. I don't believe it. No, those were his exact words, "No excuse not to bathe." What do you got? Consistent with the trauma to the left lung and aorta, the C-7 vertebrae and the fifth rib were both nicked at a 67-degree angle, suggesting a single point of entry. Through the back? The serial killer eats human flesh. Kyle Aldridge is a vegetarian. So was Hitler. We're calling him "Gormogon" now. Excellent name and historically accurate. People, you have to stop assuming that Gormogon was in any way - involved in Kristen's death. - Why? It's somewhere between a possibility and probability. Kyle Aldridge is not a cannibal. But he may have killed his girlfriend. Do you see the difference? So, eyes on the evidence, okay? Go. Zack provided me with a fragment. Retrieved from the fifth rib. - Running it through the GC mass spec. - What about the incinerator? I analyzed the ashes in the incinerator and found carbonized traces of Cedrus libani. It's a species of cedar fir from Lebanon. The Middle East is Aldridge's area of study. And the Mesopotamians used cedar as an odor neutralizer during funerals to mask the smell of burning flesh. Can you see Aldridge committing a crime of passion and using his knowledge to cover it up? I guess. He's kind of... Exactly how well doyou know Aldridge? We had drinks. I don't sleep with married men. You're married, and you sleep with men besides your husband. What's the difference? Why do you want me to interrogate Aldridge? Because he thinks I'm stupid. - You're not. - Thanks, Bones, I know. Listen, during the interrogation, always refer to the victim by her first name. You're the one that told me that personalizing the victim doesn't work with sociopathic serial killers. They lack all empathy. You told me that. We are not looking for Gorgonzola today. Gormogon. Gor-mo-gon. We're looking for someone who murdered one girl and tossed her down an incinerator chute. Entirely different kind of a guy, so inside. Don't tell me... Don't... You're not bossing me... Stop it. Kyle Aldridge seduced my daughter? That's what we hope to find out, Doc. There's definitely Kristen's blood on your worktable. That proves only she was killed in my workroom. Why am I talking to you? What time did you leave the Jeffersonian that night? Shortly after 11:00. Dr. Brennan, surely I merit someone higher up the food chain than an FBI consultant. Kyle, I know you get everything you want by flaunting your superior intellect, but that won't work with me. Why is that? Because I'm smarter than you are. So why don't we do the rational thing and cut to the chase? Were you having an affair with Kristen? - I'm not willing to comment on that. - Again, I know you were. You first kissed at the opening of the Egyptian Exhibit. Obviously, Kristen was indiscreet. If your wife knew about Kristen, she'd leave you, correct? And you'd no longer be rich. See, the FBI, they call that a "motive." They think you did this, Dr. Aldridge. And so far, the evidence is on their side. Can you tell me anything that would suggest otherwise? Yes. But first I need to speak with a lawyer and make arrangements with a federal prosecutor. Sounds like you want to cut a deal. I've told you what I need. So either have me arrested or let me make those arrangements. - All right, thank you, Doctor. - Okay. You look great! I mean that objectively, not as your fake boyfriend. Thank you. Hey, got your dad a universal remote. Even bought the batteries. Oh. He'll never let us break up. So, am I driving? No, my sister's picking us up. But of course, she's late. Okay. Maybe she's late because there was traffic. Maybe she's late 'cause there was a sale. Great. It's gonna be one of those nights. Hey, it's not me. She's the jealous, competitive one. - You don't think so? - Look, I'm thinking it's your family. I am an innocent bystander with a universal remote and batteries trying not to get hit by shrapnel, that's all. Ready. Sorry. Dad is in the car. Okay, let me get my things. There was traffic. Not that she'd believe me. No, traffic, that's exactly what she said. This is gonna be fun. Yeah, everyone talking about how perfect Cam's life is. No, Cam's life is not so perfect. You have a lot going for you. Yeah? Yeah. What's not so great? Are you and Cam... What? No. - I should've never have said anything. - Oh, you poor baby. Okay, Felicia... You don't have to say anything. I'm here, that's all you need to know. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah, okay. You look great. Doesn't she look beautiful? She looks beautiful! God, I'm so lucky to have you as my girlfriend. Easy, big guy, it's gonna be all night. Tell me about it. You know, Jack, you are actually a better candidate to be Gormogon than Kyle Aldridge. Really? You're brilliant... paranoid about conspiracies... I say that lovingly... with limitless resources. I'm not Gormogon. I don't kill people and eat their faces. I'm not waging a secret war against anybody. Great. Now, if I can only get the other thousand or so people who work here to convince me, maybe I can sleep tonight. Oh, I'll help you get to sleep tonight. What's in your file? GC mass spec analysis of the fragment we pulled from Kristen's rib. It's 800-year-old copper. Wait a minute. The murder weapon is an artifact? I thought we'd see if we can match any of the weapons in the Jeffersonian to the sample. Well, there is one item. An 800-year-old copper spear tip. The authentication department checked it out two weeks ago to a... Dr. Kyle Aldridge in the Middle Eastern Department. Checked it out from where? The Gormogon Vault. Tell us about this piece, Dr. Klimkew. The spearhead is genuine... decorative, probably brought back as a souvenir of the Crusades by a Templar Knight in 1200 or 1300 A.D. Go ahead, Hodgins. What are you doing? Did you see Kyle Aldridge the night that Kristen Reardon was murdered? Yes. What is he doing with the spearhead? It's phenolphthalein. It won't affect the copper. But if blood is present, it'll turn pink. So, what time did you see the doctor? 11:00... in the parking lot. Did you talk? Kyle Aldridge doesn't really talk to anyone beneath him, which is everyone. It's not the weapon we're looking for. I'll put it back. Did you know about Aldridge and Kristen? - As a couple? - Yes. - Kristen told you? - No, I caught them making out. Frankly, I've been surprised ever since that Aldridge didn't use his friendship with Bancroft to have me transferred to some dig in Darfur. Help! I need some help back here! What? Booth! Booth! Hold on, hold on. Easy, easy. - I'll call an ambulance. - We don't need an ambulance. He's already dead. That concludes the autopsy of Dr. Kyle Aldridge. Written report to follow. Booth saw Aldridge's widow. He sent her a suicide note by e-mail apologizing for the affair with Kristen and confessing to the killing. Aldridge did not kill himself. The ligature which was a silk cord from the vault didn't break his hyoid. What was the cause of death? I'm stumped. No significant trauma, no cardiac arrest, aneurysm or hematoma. Plus, I did a full tox screen... organics, inorganics, heavy metals, even cardiac glycosides. All negative. Well, he was hung up in the vault. It all circles back to the vault. It all circles back to the authentications department who happened to be working in the vault. Why don't you and Booth think that Gormogon is behind these murders? Because as far as we know, he only kills males. And snacks on them. Plus, there are far too many other reasonable suspects. Like who? The victim's father. Ted Reardon? He saw you question Aldridge. Booth said he went pale with anger. When did he say that? Oh, we had dinner the other night when we... had dinner. This cord is actually a hanging rope from England, circa 1650. In those days when sentenced to death, nobles often chose a silk cord rather than rough hempen rope. It'd be cool to know who else might've died on this cord. If it came from the vault, the cord probably can't lead us to the murderer. Au contraire. The killer left DNA. In order to hoist Aldridge, the killer wrapped the cord around his forearm and pulled. - He left some skin behind? - Yeah, and hair. Nice job, Hodgins. We find the guy, we can do a DNA match. King of the lab. The skeletal muscles are pulling away from the bone. What's his potassium level? blood serum contains... ten milligrams per 100 milliliters. Elevated, but non-fatal. It's odd, though, because his kidneys were healthy, no signs of Addison's or any medication. Succinylcholine. - A muscle relaxant? - In high doses, it stops the heart and lungs. Right. The body turns succinylcholine into potassium, which occurs naturally in the body, so it's not detected as a toxin. Succinylcholine is one of the earliest anesthetics known to man. Guess how I know that. I read Dr. Reardon's book, too. Why are you here? I'm just waiting for Cam to finish cutting up Aldridge. She's done. Why are you here in my area? Cam's sister kissed me. Dude... Don't call me "dude". All right, listen, I was supposed to be Cam's boyfriend, but only between the hours of 6:30 and 10:00. She kissed me at 6:20, so technically, that doesn't even count. Cam went to her office to get something, Felicia, she just grabbed me and planted one on me. I didn't even see it coming. I didn't even have a defense maneuver planned. All right, all right, how are you, uh... How are you gonna bring it to Cam? What? Why would I do that? You want her to find out from her sister? Wow, this is worse than when we were a couple. Sorry. I really should take my gun out and shoot you now. I'm sorry, man. No, it's serious. You're not helping. Look, I have a son. If I thought someone hurt him, I'd want to hang him. I didn't kill Kyle Aldridge. He was a political enemy who slept with your daughter then killed her after she threatened to tell his wife. Juries understand situations like that. There's no proof Kyle Aldridge killed my daughter. - Do you need proof? - Yes. And for a jury to be sympathetic to me, they'd need proof as well. Do you have that proof, Agent Booth? Aldridge didn't die from hanging. Succinylcholine poisoning can't be proven. Right. Nobody knows that better than you. You literally wrote the book on it, Doc. So... Can you roll up your sleeves, please? This is a sample of 800-year-old bronze. - Why am I interested in that? - Because we found a fragment of 800-year-old copper in Kristen Reardon. - Different metals, right. - Copper is an ingredient in bronze. And when Angela accused me of being Gormogon, - It started me thinking. - Angela accused you of being Gormogon? It started me thinking that you and Booth could be right. I am not Gormogon. Booth and I could be right about what? I put the serial killer in the vault out of my mind and started considering Kristen's murder as its own singular occurrence... what? From the outside, you are a pretty good candidate to be Gormogon. It's possible... that the copper in Kristen's wound was unalloyed chip from a larger piece of bronze. Like a chocolate chip that didn't melt in the cake mix. And the Jeffersonian's full of bronze weapons. None of which are in Gormogon's vault. Are you able to match a bronze weapon to a copper fragment? Theoretically. It would take about 200 years to test every bronze weapon in the Jeffersonian. I might be able to help with that. I worked up a 3-D model of Kristen's murder, and I noticed something. This is Kristen. The angle of attack was exactly 67 degrees. As you can see, the weapon went right through her. - Which is weird. - Why? We've been assuming that Kristen was stabbed. Someone would have to be awfully tall to stab downward at that angle. And incredibly strong. Six foot eight and 300 pounds. No one at the Jeffersonian looks like that. It'd be pretty tough for someone like that to sneak in. Alternative explanations? - Projectile. - Blood stain analysis indicates Kristen was killed on Aldridge's work table. And there's no evidence on the surface suggesting that a projectile exited Kristen's body and struck the table. But... Kristen was impaled? Like a piece of paper on a message spike. Visualize a sharp object on the table at a fixed 67-degree angle. The object impales Kristen through the posterior thorax. Exits her anterior thorax. Still at a 67-degree angle. The only rational conclusion is the death itself was accidental. Dr. Aldridge gets in a tiff with his young girlfriend. She pulls out her phone, threatens to call his wife. They argue, Aldridge reaches for the phone, - The girl falls back under the table. - If you call Aldridge by his name, you really should call "the girl" by her name. At which point, he panics and throw Ms. Reardon down the incinerator chute. Overcome with remorse, he arranges to meet with the federal attorney to confess, but before he can do that, guilt destroys him. He hangs himself in the vault, symbolically aligning himself with the serial killer. Aldridge arranged to meet the federal attorney? Through the Jeffersonian in-house counsel. - Most likely to confess. - Why didn't he just confess during Dr. Brennan's interrogation? "The guilt being great, the fear doth still exceed." "And extreme fear "can neither fight nor fly, but coward-like with trembling terror die." Unfortunately for Mr. Shakespeare, Dr. Aldridge didn't actually commit suicide. He died of succinylcholine poison. It's my understanding that that can't be proven. At least not to court standards. I think you'll find that my explanation will satisfy any inquest inquiry. Dr. Bancroft, it's our professional opinion here in the forensics lab, that Dr. Aldridge was murdered. Fine. Prove it. But watch your backs. Because if I'm wrong and you're right, that means there's still a serial killer out there. And if I were the killer, you'd be next, Ms. Montenegro. Why me? Well, you identified the Reardon girl, You figuered out this hologramatic impalement scenario Be careful. I feel like I was just threatened. I've checked every bronze weapon in the Jeffersonian that matches Angela's criteria. None are consistent with the fragment removed from Kristen. I was here looking for weapons hat was smuggled in. Okay, what were those noises? There is no way to smuggle an 800-year-old bronze weapon into the Jeffersonian. No, we have X-rays, guards, metal detectors. You come in with anything bigger than a watch, they search you. You two are geniuses... how would you do it? Its absolutely impossible. Unless you mail it. Oh, yeah, right, there's that. What?! If you mail something to the Jeffersonian, it doesn't need to be cleared by customs or security. Okay, you're saying if I want to get a stolen artifact into the United States, all I have to do is mail it to the Jeffersonian? Technically yes, but the fact is, we check and report all items to the government. Okay, who's "we"? The Authentications Department. Oh, okay, you mean a bunch of starving interns who work here during the summer. Interns keep detailed records of every item they authenticate. Access Kristen Reardon's log. I suppose Gormogon could have mailed himself to the Jeffersonian, stole an I.D. and simply walked out. This had nothing to do with Goobagon. - Gormogon. - Whatever. How many times do I have to say that? I don't have the necessary clearance. Let me try. - Neither do I. - Excuse me. Wait, you have a password? Yeah, Cam's. What? She won't mind. Kristen Reardon worked on a lot of 16th-century Baroque wood carvings. I know your password, too. It's "daffodil." - I never told you that. - What? I got eyes. I mean, you guys aren't exactly CIA material. Daffodil? What? They're pretty. Looks like Kristen might have worked on some Luristan bronzes. Any from the 13th century? Yeah, tools, utensils, sculptures... - What's Luristan? - Persia... You mean Iran? Or Iraq? Since the war, Iraqi museums have been looted, and their pieces are being sold on the black market. This murder has nothing to do with the vault or a serial killer. Kristen Reardon was a smuggler? More than likely killed by a smuggler. She goes to report something and the smuggler kills her. I'll have Zack check all these as possible murder weapons. And I'm changing my password. Daisy? - How did you know? - It's your second favorite flower. I know you, Bones. Try a planet. Jupiter. - I owe you. - No, you don't. I do. It took the pressure off. I even reconnected with Felicia. She kissed me. - What? - I swear I didn't see it coming. She just planted it on me. Like a peck on the cheek, or the full meal? - Why does that even matter? - Full meal. - I don't believe it. - What's the big deal? I mean, you and I aren't actually... going out. She thought she stole you away from me, that's why she was so nice. You. What? - You kissed back. - No, no, no, there was no "kiss back." You know, my lips, they may have parted for a second... Hi, ready for lunch? Hi. Don't say hello to her. How could you make a move on my boyfriend? He said things weren't so great between you guys. You didn't think you should ask me first? Sorry, didn't seem he was all that into you. Time out. Let's get real here, okay? You are actually fighting over something that does not even exist. What? We don't go out anymore. We broke up a long time ago. And you brought him for Dad so he'd still think... You know how Dad is. I'd never hear the end of it. You saw how he lit up when he got that remote. - It can handle up to eight devices... - We know, Booth. Why didn't you tell me you guys split up? You want him, take him. I don't care. - I don't want him. - You don't? I was trying to get back at you - for being so perfect all the time. - So you admit it. Like you're a saint. She used to go into my closet with all my dolls and say that they were having a party, but I wasn't invited. You were five, and they did not like you. Typical. Start a fight so we miss lunch. You made reservations? I'm surprised. I thought we'd have to eat from a cart on the street. You two can have lunch after all this? Please. Like you can ruin a meal? Okay, that's it. I don't know who you think... Don't raise your voice to her, Seeley. - What? - Let's go. Let him calm down. Why did you guys break up? What did he do? It wasn't me. I... This is the most likely murder weapon. It's an antelope. Actually, it's a oryx. That's a type of antelope. I was being precise. You used to appreciate that. 67 degrees. Exactly. Oryx on table, struggle, Kristen Reardon is impaled on the oryx. Good work, Zack. Let's swab the sculpture, see if there's any DNA evidence. It's not here. What do you mean it's not here anymore? According to Jeffersonian records, the oryx was mailed to Box 99, Poplar Street Post Office in Arlington. The Jeffersonian is being used to smuggle Iraqi artifacts? Has the FBI been informed about this? Yes, Dr. Bancroft. Agent Booth and Dr. Brennan are trying to arrange to have the post office staked out by tomorrow. Good. Good... That's good. It's Cam. I told him. You were right. He wasn't happy when I said the FBI already knew. Let's see if he's a part of it, or just another ass-covering bureaucrat. Good hunting. Little game there, Bones... who shows up for the Iraqi Bambi? There are a number of possible candidates. Come on, I mean it's a stakeout. Play with me. Speculate. My money's on Bancroft. The head of the Jeffersonian? Why? He's a dill weed. You think he's a murderer just because you don't like him? Bones, it's a game. Well, there's no way it's Bancroft. He has a doctorate. Dr. Kevorkian has a doctorate. Oh. So does that guy. Dr. Klimkew. During a murder investigation, you uncovered my smuggling operation? Man, that is bad, bad luck. What about the murders, Evan? Kristen Reardon and Kyle Aldridge? No, I'm afraid that their deaths are on your hands. How do you figure? This silver skeleton Gormogon serial killer is obviously involved. You brought him into our house. No, I can only take responsibility for smuggling this oryx into the country. Get your hands off the murder weapon. We know what happened. I was there. But it wasn't me who pushed Kristen onto that table. It was Aldridge. Now... why would he do that? Uh, love gone wrong, I don't know, but Aldridge said that if I didn't help him dispose of the body, he'd expose my smuggling deal and I would go to prison. Well, that's it then, huh, Bones? Case closed. Wait. Well, except... somebody killed Kyle Aldridge. He hanged himself. Rope burns. Look at that. Well, we think you killed Kristen Reardon... probably by accident. We know you killed Kyle Aldridge. Premeditated. And I'm confident we can prove it beyond reasonable doubt to a jury. It's over, Evan. Do either of you know a good lawyer? Okay, don't take it so hard. I'm not taking anything hard. What are we, Russian? Nostrovia. Yeah. I'll tell you what else I know. What you're taking hard is the fact that it happened in your house. It's not my house. Not where you sleep, okay? Your favorite place, the house of reason, the Jeffersonian. - It's not my favorite place. - Yes, it is. What? No, it's no... How do you know? Daffodil. Daisy. Jupiter. Okay. I'll tell you what else I know. You were hoping that it was Gorgonzola. Gormogon. Ah! So you admit it. But accidentally. Does... does that count? Yes. Look, all the scientists and the squints and the eggheads, they wanted it to be a serial killer, - so it wouldn't be one of them. - Them? - You. - Me? One of you. You were all offended that it was one of you. You know what? - I am offended. - I just said that. I'm offended, because... ... because, I... Because you were betrayed by one of your own. Yes. Are you going to betray me? No. Nonetheless, I shall be vigilant. Nonetheless? I'm not going to have a headache tomorrow, am I? Well, we're going to find out. Hodgins and Zack... they do their experiments, we do ours. - To Gargonzola.