up a few e-mails. Oh, what? My publisher wants to schedule a book tour and I'm just confirming dates. Okay, that can wait, sweetie. The students need help identifying the cause of a fracture on a lateral epicondyle. TGIF. You heard of that? Yeah. It's some kind of acronym. But my inbox is full. We know that's not true. And there's a TV show that needs research. Not that they listen. We're going. I really should catalogue that skull. It's in the museum's exhibit on the French Revolution. Yeah, Pepe LePew is more important than booze and boys. I don't think that's his name. Tonight the basement club brings to you a number one DJ around town DJ Rulz Feels good, doesn't it? Being with people who are alive. It's very stimulating, I have to admit. We're so going to tear it up tonight. - That's slang, right? - Right. Is my costume all right? Sweetie, it's not a costume, it's a cute outfit, and yes, it looks perfect. I know, it's very, very warm in here. No, because it looks great. We´re so get in check up! - I love this music! - DJ Rulz! He is so hot! It's so tribal. - You don´t say tribal, sweetie. - Why? Oh, because of all the black people? Sweetie, just for tonight, have fun, stop dissecting  and take part. Well, African-Americans aren't the only ones with a tribal heritage. You saying we're natives in some tribe? Anthropologically speaking, we're all members of tribes. You'd better shut your mouth. I just meant hip-hop mirrors the direct visceral connection you see in tribal communication. What? After the Cartesian split he 17th century, we separated our minds from our bodies, the numinous from the animalistic. Are you calling me an animal, fool? No fool, she´s using the Cart foilosophy to say she's down with the music. Now, who are you calling a fool, fool? Get out of my way. We're going. We're going. You shouldn't have done that, bitch. Are you sure she can handle this? No one in our lab knows the first thing about dealing with a mummy. I'd have to call her in anyway. She assaulted two agents who were trying to tape off the body. They were trying to compromise the remains. A cloud of meth covered the dance floor. I think they inhale quite a lot. Are you two high? Only by accident, so it doesn't count. Wait. Why did you bring Tessa? This doesn't seem like such a great date. We were out to dinner when he got your call. Your pupils are the size of saucers. Get away from the remains! Bones,  simmer down. How long is this going to take? Who the hell wants to know? I'm sorry. He works for me. I'm Randall Hall. I run this place. You run this place, Mr. Hall. Just so you know, 'cause we, uh, found some drugs on the dead... We found them. We found them. We found some drugs on the dead guy. We're going to want to know where they came from, why he had them... Why? - Why he had them. - Why he had them. Any idea who he is? Any idea? The guy barely looks human. What makes you think I'd regnize him? Bones... how did something like this happen? The Egyptians would give the body a cedar oil enema and then rinse it with wine and cover it with salt. But I don't think that's what happened here. Bones, you are totally wasted. Zack! Zack! Come here, come here. n't thIs a beautiful specimen of mummification? What's going on? Let's just say your boss inhaled. See how perfectly drie and preserved the skin is. You don't find something like this every day. Tessa, have you seen it It's so hard to believe that you two would be a couple. You know, cop and lawyer. It's very touching. I'm going to grab a cab. Oh, no, oh, okay, hold on. Well, uh...Sorry. I apologize. Here. I'm going to make it up to you, I promise. okay? Ice cream later. -Take care. - I'll talk to you later. Talk to you later. Can we just stick to the business here? Thank you. I´m gonna need a list of your employees, all right? We'll find out-- run them through the system, see if any one of them have a drug conviction. How long before you can ID him? Well I´m not all tired, so I'm sure I can stay up all night and work. We have to be careful removing him. He's very dry and brittle. My first modern mummy. Bones 1x06 Trancript: cfsmp3 Sync: Narkond Crystal meth is made from cold medicine, lye, and the strike pads from matchbooks. The body was not designed to deal with that kind of assault. So I'm finding out. Chamomile tea? It's very soothing. JI just need your results. How about a stick to pry the monkey off your back? Are you sure you need me here? Payback for showing me the good life. Ok, so how is my man, the Tut? In better shape than I am The meth found in his lungs and nasal passages matches the meth that juiced Angela and the good doctor here. Can you please keep it clinical? So, uh, he died of, uh, an overdose. Asphyxiation. The meth coated the alveoli in his lungs, making breathing impossible. So, uh, he, uh, overdosed with his meth behind the wall? The little space was too narrow for him to squeeze through. He got stuck, the bag broke, and when he gasped for air, he inhaled and died instantaneously. The dry air convection behind the wall removed most of the moisture from his body How long he was, uh, in there? Judging from the acarid mites in his ears, I'd say six weeks. Hey, didn't he have hands? They're easier to work with dismembered. I've rehydrated them so we can get some fingerprints. - Off that? - Sure. You ever been to Costa Rica? I was flown down once. They found a human skull... 12,000 years old Why? I'm finally getting some vacation time. I was gonna head off on Thursday. Heard Costa Rica was beautiful. Yes. Fascinating wildlife, lots of parrots. Oh, I don't like parrots. No. People should really, really do all the talking, you know. Maybe I should... Oh God! What are you doing? The Aztecs would flay people and then wear their skin as a bodysuit. I guess you won't be needing mittens for Christmas. Did the FBI find a match? Yup. His name is Roy Taylor. Roy Taylor? You're kidding. It's DJ Mount! I don't know who that is. Mount is one of the best DJs in DC. He used to play at the club. Everyone was wondering what happened to him. His album is really going to take off after this. Never knew this side of you, Bones. It's DJ Mount. You're hung over. Does this make your head explode? I grabbed a couple hours sleep on my couch and showered in the lab's decontamination room. You really know how to live. JmsJay, Tupac, Biggie... Do you even know who you're talking about? Yeah, I've done my Googling. Listen... you can hear the alpha male asserting himself. eah, fill your ass up... with lead?! Always a nice lyric. I'm heading back to the club to meet the FBI forensics team. I'm getting facts. DJ Mount was starting to break, finally making some money. Someone who's never had anything, that can go to your head. So, he gets involved with drugs. You didn't know who he was hanging with or who might have been chasing him? Dude like Mount, he had a lot of enemies-- other artists, rivalries. Everyone wants to be number one. I mean, you have to know who the rivals are, Mr. Hall. q It affects your bottom line. Wait for me by the elevator. Rulz. What rules? That's his name. He performs at the club. I'm trying to keep my crew together, Agent Booth, but I always had to run interference between those two Why? Ask Rulz. Was it fun coming to the club? Yeah, before the drugs and the dead body. Tilt... tilt down. It seems so primitive, being in a crowd of strangers, gyrating to music. You never dance. I've been told I look like a marionette in a wind storm. You would've fit right in last night. Really? Footprints. In the dirt and the termite shavings. Someone was on the other side of him. Light. This leads to the outside. - We need to get inside that wall. - Or take it down. One last look? Take them in, show them around. - Agent Booth? - Yeah. Roy Taylor´s father. Maybe you know him as DJ Mount. - Mr. Taylor, please come in. - Thank you for seeing me. Please sit. You're the one looking into my son's murder? Investigating his death, yes, sir. I'm sorry for your loss. I have some information you need. - About your son's death? - No, sir. About his life. I've been readingin the newspaper. how my son was a part of the meth scene. Now  he was killed by drugs, behind the wall right there. What my son did... was graduate third in his class from high school. He would have graduated first...except he... he worked a full-time job. Track-and-eld medals. Baseball. Roy never drank, and he never did drugs. Do you understand me, sir? Mr. Taylor... How they are portraying my boy in the newspapers is wrong. If his mother was alive it would kill her. I taught him a relationship with Jesus. Do you understand, sir? A personal relationship with Jesus. With all due respect, sir, sometimes when kids grow up they change. They move away from what they were taught. Five years old, he made this. And a lady who... who reads palms she looked at it and she said... she said my boy was going to be a great man. A good man. He read no evil inhat boy'hand. I can see that now, sir. Some iniquity killed my boy. You know that word, Agent Booth? It's from the Bible. "Deliver me... from the workers of iniquity... and save me from bloody men." You know your salms. I can trust that you will find out what happened to my boy? Yes, sir. Good. Then I'm glad I came by. Can we conform to as much forensic protocol as possible? We're better at this than you think. You know what those are? Rats. intensive scare of rats eat the laces right out of our boots. Take it easy there, Willard. Here are the footprints. There are marks on the wall. It's scraped. Bloosmear... dried. I see something. Can I retrieve? Yes. Apparently, there's a rivalry between Mount and this guy Rulz. We saw him perform at the club last night. Did you talk to him? Oh, no. I don't have enough yet. I go in too soon, he could run. Wow, that's a beautiful piece. Zirconium or diamond? I'm more focused on the dried blood and flesh at the moment. You buy Tessa jewelry? I... I really don't want to talk about that right now. Too much of a commitment? I just thought because, you two were going away. Do you have anything yet? Given the rate of air convection, and the degree of dehydration of the flesh, I'd say they were there at the same time. Must hurt like hell to get that thing ripped out of your belly button. - I thought it was an earring. - Look at the size of the stud. I had one  of these. Before they became totally Miami-divorcee. Good news. I was able to pull some particulates. Are those, uh...? Eyeballs? Yeah. Two types of foreign material in the eyes-- low-density polyethylene residue and methamphetamine crystals. Polyethylene? Came from the plastic bag holding the meth. This can be cleaned now. Yeah! That's a real diamond. Why don't you get her a belly button ring? That's not too much of a commitment. Yeah, that's great. The inside of the lips was damaged by the teeth. This was not an accidental inhalation. The meth was pushed against his face with force. Someone was to smother him. Which would explain how the particulates got into the eye. So he didn't OD. He was murdered. So we just have to find out who owns this belly button ring. Look at this. "Luv Rulz." At least we know who to ask. Hello. Yeah, it's open. Yeah, it's open. FBI. Special Agent Booth Is the FBI recruiting from America's Top Model now? I'm a forensic anthropologist at the Jeffersonian. She works for the FBI. Yeah, I can live with that. Dr. Brennan also discovered that Roy Taylor was murdered. So? So, murder is wacked. See, 'cause those are the rules... Rulz. Maybe he had it come to me. Oh, so you and Roy Taylor don't get along. That sucker ran me down, man. Tried to slam me on one of his tracks, and ain't nobody do that. And, uh... what happens when they do? I take a piece of them. I got in his face one night at the Bassment. told to disappear, and I ain't seen him since. 'Cause he knew to follow the Rulz. And, uh, maybe your girlfriend made sure that your...your problem just went away. That ain't my woman no more. I kicked her sorry ass a months ago. What is her sorry ass name? Eve Warren. What was she doing with Mount? Take a guess. I guess it was just his turn. She kept your ring? It's a diamond, man. Why she gonna get rid of that? Any idea where she is now? Probably ripping somebody else off. That girl don't care about nobody but herself. Even though she got a kid, don't care about her neither. Let her brother shoulder that. Bitch. What happened to your hand? I got shot through the wrist a few years ago. Shattered the lower radius and the pisiform. Yeah. I got some nerve damage, too. That's impressive Yeah! I got shot in the back and through the leg, too. You want to see the scars? Thanks anyway. Let us know if you hear from Eve Warren. That's all I got for y'all. I'm gonna get back to work. Let us know if you hear from her. Bones? I like this music. Okay, how about this: DJ Mount trusted Eve because they were sleeping together. So she meets him in the wall, takes the drugs, kill him for Rulz then he takes off. You should write fiction. What? It's reasonable. It´s not based on evidences It's conjecture. Look, I'm positing a scenario. We've been through this before. Yeah, and it always seems to be a waste of time. Now, finding a marker on a bone... ow. You know, I think I need a vacation. I think you do, too. I'm not the one who's snippy. Snippy? What are you, 70? See what I mean? I think you should find a nice, relaxing place to go on that vacation. Somewhere where you can get a massage, maybe do some yoga. I don't do yoga. Okay, push-ups, sit-ups, pull-ups, that's what I do. That's more cardiovascular. Yoga deals more with... Why exactly are we talking aut this? Because you're tense. Because we're talking. You switched my music. - Roy Taylor? - Yes. Anything pop out at you now that the bones are clean? There's some damage to the facet joint and foramen on C-4 on the right side of the neck. That suggests his head was forced that way. One other thing. I was looking the skull through the microscope came across a slight depression. Barely discernible. Slight indentation? Could be congenital or a bone anomaly. Probably. Do you ever go on vacation? I take my vacation when you take your vacation. What do you do? Go back home to Michigan. See the family. I have three brothers and four sisters. Do you enjoy that? God, no. I made the mistake of telling them. I work with corpses and skeletons. They think I'm a freak. Then why do you go? It's my family. They love me. Take a closer look he anomaly under the scanning microscope. See what made that mark. Work it out, work it out. That's right. Good, good, good. Yeah, let's work, let's work. What do you want? Special Agent Booth, FBI. This is my associate Dr. Brennan. - What you call this? - The Krump. The kids-- they come her they dance. They don't gangbang. So what do you want? You didn't come here for a dance lesson. Hi, Maya. How you doing, baby? Come on now. We're going to go outside and gonna play with the rest of the kids, okay? There you go. We'd like to ask you a few questions about your sister Eve. What's she done now? When was the last time you saw her? About six weeks ago when she dropped off Maya. Just dropped her off and left? Told me she needed me to watch her for a couple days. Left me some money. Did you, um, happen to have a, I don't know, recent photo that we could take? Evie said she had cleaned herself out She was turning her life around, and I believed her. And she never came back. So that little girl out there, that's her daughter. She's like a daughter to me, too. Didn´t it bother you that Eve never came back? I mean, didn't you go look for her? I learned to let her go. And Eve, she's had a lot of problems. Drugs, hanging out with the wrong people. I mean, if I track her down and she takes Maya before she's ready... I'm not letting nothin' happen to that little girl. Do you know Roy Taylor? Met him. DJ Mount.I like his stuff. He's pure. Play it for the kids. We have reason to believe that she was with him the night was murdered. Murdered? You can't find Evie? No. She told me she loved him. And ... she and Mount were gonna take Maya away out of DC... give her a better life, one we never had. She said she left you some cash. Yeah. For Maya. I'll buy what you have, two dollars to one. Sure, man... You may want the stooges the FBI...who are experts, due to your so-called "drug war"-- to run a comparison, but I'd say the methamphetamine on these bills matches the meth found with DJ Mount behind the wall. And my guess is that Eve was with Mount at the time that he was murdered. How about this, huh? DJ Mount rejects Eve because of her questionable past. So, uh, hey, she gets mad, she wants to leave with some money, so, uh... What? Yeah, I don't really think much about that kind of stuff. I'm more about bugs and minerals. Sorry. Oh, come on, Hodgins, hey, you're a smart guy, you're a smart guy. Look up from your microscope, huh? These are real people we're trying to figure out here. Maybe she was just using Mount, setting him up to get his drugs and money. Very nice, Hodgins. Yeah? Yeah. Real question is, where does she go next? You're on fire, man. After she left her brother's place, because that is where she met her untimely end. You know what? I'm gonna turn you into an investigator yet. No, no, no, no. Bugs and slimede, that is where I'm happy. The damage to his C-4 vertebra was the result of his head being twisted so far to the right. He was moving this way, toward Eve. My bet is he was chasing her. And that's based on...? Money and meth. She left that corridor carrying money saturated in the same meth that killed Mount. She was moving fast. She didn't even stop when her belly ring got ripped out. Hey, money's a pretty good reason to get chased, hm? Only question is, why wasn't he facing her? It got thigh back there. 15 centimeters. Eve ripped out her belly button ring here, and then left a smear of blood until the corridor widened. Here. What? That just...makes me a little sick. You pick dead bodies out of mass graves, and yanking out a belly button ring makes you sick? Okay, okay, moving on. All right, I've shot a lot of people on my time and I got to admit, that whole belly button thing makes me nauseous, too. Thank you At this point, Mount must have looked behind him but kept going. Then the passageway narrowed, so he couldn't turn his head back toward Eve. Then there's no way she could've shove the meth into his face... Eve didn't kill him. A third person surprised them-- that's why he turned his head to look. Mount's body prevented this third person from getting to Eve, so she escaped. But he got to Mount and shoved the meth in his face and he killed him. Ah. But the real question is, who the hell is this third person? Why the hell you pick me up, man? I think you know why I brought you in. Yeah, right. I waited for you to contact me, explain your situation, but you didn't do that. That's not polite. What are you, DEA? Metro cop? I'm Special Agent Ronald Oakes. One of us? My orders were not to break deep cover for anybody. Out of deep regard for my FBI brother... I gave you the nod. That's bull. I made you. Now you're making excuses. Got any keys for these cuffs? Fine. Have it your way. You know I need more than aod, man. I'm conducting a murder investigation. Now, I need to know what you know. Been 15 months on the task force investigating the links between the urban music business and gang activity. So that's why you got next to Randall Hall. "Randall Hall" is a clean alias. You ran him, right? Yeah. Came back clean? Exactly. His real name is Terence Baskin. Now, we know... that he's pushing meth through the club. But we can't get enough to touch him. Our informants disappeared. They either get bought off or they get killed. What about this murder? The night that DJ Mount disappeared, Hall got ripped of for a mountain of meth and a ton of cash. DJ Mount ripped of all? Nah, doesn't scan. Mount was into Jesus, not chalk. Hall killed DJ Mount. Hall has people do that type of stuff for him. So listen, anybody asks... why'd you have me arrested? Weapons beef. - So I don't get my gun back. - No. No. We meet up again... if you get an excuse, hit me. Oh... count on it. I've been investigated for years. Why do you think they never got me on anything? 'Cause you're so smart? Because Terence Baskin is my past. I am 100% clean now. This is my life now. This and my recorrd label. Not crystal meth, not gang-banging. Yet much of the iconic quality of urban music lies in the perceived or actual rivalry between the principal artists. Where did you find her? Museum. Was the rivalry between Mount and Mr. Rulz strong enough to... lead to murder? Sure, they were both capable. Add in the fact that Mount was sleeping with Rulz' girlfriend Eve. Yeah, in fact... Yeah? Rulz built himself a studio around that time. Poured cement for the pad a day after they disappeared So...? I'm saying, Mount's dead, Eve's gone missing. You might want to consider that. Let's go. What do you think? Oh, I think, uh, I think we need to find a way to find a body buried under a slab of cement. Well, can't you get a warrant? To look around the premises, maybe, but no way to tear it up. Well, let me make a phone call. Tutti's traveled the world finding dead bodies. Does Tutti always drool like that? What, I'm gonna hurt her... his feelings? Tutti is the best cadaver dog in the world, Agent Booth. It's true. If you were a dead body, you'd want Tutti looking for you. How can it smell anything buried under a building? he can Once, I saw Tutti find a dead body wraped in plastic, under concrete, after four years. Tutti can smell decaying blood on a tooth six feet underground. I mean, so what? He drools a little. What's up with that? You know, your eyes are kind of close together, but I don't comment. I apologize. Is he sincere? Yeah. All right, then, we accept. Good boy, Tutti. Tutti found something. Oh, maybe he's just lazy. Lying down is his indicator. Tutti found it. There's a body under here. You should get a warrant to bring a jackhammer for this floor. I'd start digging here. Dental records confirm that this is Eve Warren. Insect activity confirms she died around the same time DJ Mount did. Where did Booth go? I got to give him the news. - His girlfriend brought him a change of shirt. - They're up in the lounge. Zack, clean the bones. We've already got cause of death and identity-- what am I looking for? It might be grasping but that odd mark we found on Mount's skull, see if you can find anything like it on Eve's remains. Jamaica? God, that's incredible. Mm, it's a bed-and-breakfast. There are these coral cliffs. Snorkeling, kayaking... you two are so ready for the pre-shacking-up test vacation. What do you mean? You have keys to each other's places. You've done the weekend away a couple times. Yeah, it's time for the ten-day vacation. You know, Jamaica's like a dry run for living together, only with rum punch and steel drums. Yeah, see you later. Living together? Silly. Thanks, you know, for bringing me a shirt. Yeah, okay. I'll talk to you later. Yeah. - Hi, Tessa. - Yeah, okay, bye. - It's Eve Warren. - Eve Warren. - Uh, cause of death? - Same as Mount. - Meth overdose. - Pushed in the face, but there's more. I don't think that Rulz killed her. - She was buried under his studio. - But her wrist was broken. Bone damage indicates that was taken from behind and smash into wall Her skull shows damage to both the infraorbital and supraorbital margins and the zygomatic process. Zygo-zu...? You said she was killed by crystal meth. She was. She would've been hurt and stunned by the blow but not killed, certainly not immediately. A bag of crystal meth was placed over her face actually ground into wounds, into the airway. Rulz couldn't have smashed her into a wall? Her radius was separated from the scaphoid and trapezium. Her right wrist was twisted hard behind her back. There's damage to both the elbow and the shoulder, as well. For that to happen, Eve's attacker would've had to twist her arm up with his right hand while jamming the crystal meth into her face with the other. Both with a great deal of force. Rulz had been shot twice in the right hand. I got it. He had nerve damage. There´s no way he had the strength to kill Eve Warren You did not murder Eve Warren. This is a weird kind of interrogation, huh? Cops telling me what I didn't do. Well, then, do me a favor:tell me Bones is wrong and confess to a murder. Hell, no, man. What you think, I'm some type of idiot? Well, do me a favor, deny it. See, you got tricks. You gonna twist all my words around. Better not say anything at all. You didn't kill Eve Warren. So you say. The Rulz says say nothing. - He wants us  hold him. - Why? Why? Because every time some raper gets murdered, his business goes straight through the roof. Why should DJ Mount get the bump, huh? Maybe it's my turn. I'll tell you what. I'll make you a better deal. You tell us what we need to know, and I'll have those charges laid against you, put you in the Remand Center. For how long? Oh, that depends on what you tell us. Wait! Wait! You're negotiating to put this guy in jail? Sweeten the pot, I'll charge you with Mount's death, too. You hire one of those moron lawyers, and you'll be thrown in lock-up for what, maybe a month. Sweet. Where am I... in Backwards World? What have you got? Look, I can tell y'all. But y'all have to figure out the rest on your own. We have to figure it out just from motive? Okay, look, Bones, this is, you know, sort of my thing. Man, Mount was going to jump. You mean commit suicide? Where did you find her? The museum. I mean labels. Jump labels. You're saying that DJ Mount was going to leave Bassment Records? All he needed was the money to buy himself back. That's why he got himself killed. Now if Hall even finds out that I told you all that much, I'm going to end up some dried-out mummy in a wall. But what about Eve? Eve couldn't kill nobody. Sex 'em to death maybe, but that's about it. Oh, there's one more thing... the next day, Hall built me a new studio. Took it out of my money, too. So, you gonna put me in jail? EWell, you know, hey, it's the least we can do, hmm? Hey, how about this? Hall's got motive to kill Mount. Why? Because he's jumping labels and he's running away with some girl who's stealing Mount's meth and money. I'm starting to see how this whole motive thing works. Thank you. It's still murky psychological guesswork, though. Dr. Brennan, I found a mark on Eve Warren here on the manubrium. Compare it to the mark on Mount. Okay, Eve tells Mount that he wants to start a new life. So she rips off the dope and the cash thinking she can build a new future with it. It's a story, Booth.You need to find something real. For what? I mean, it feels real to me...I mean, Eve is a woman in love, whs trying to escape a world that's just crushing her. Mount finds out how much trouble the woman he's in love with is in, so he gives up his own life to protect her It's not enough. They were hoping for a better life and they both wind up dead. Looks like a match. Thanks. Good job. - What the hell is that? - Not sure. It's a bone dimple. But they both have it, so it can't be genetic. Something external caused it, but I'm not sure what. Randall Hall. He's behind this. Randall Hall... okay, he killed these two people. We know it; he did it. We just can't touch him. And there's no evidence linking him to the drugs, the cash or either body. Except f a couple of damn bone dimples. I'll keep looking at the remains... maybe find the evidence we need. I can't let it stand. What? You know what? I'm going to spread the pain. Okay? That's my new motto. Wait! I can help spread pain. Wait! We know you did it. What? Killed Mount in that wall so that he wouldn't leave your label. You killed Eve Warren. Killed her and buried her under Rulz's studio. In the meantime,this i going to have to remain an active crime scene. That's harassment. I'll sue. Well, I'm going to harass you every chance I get. I'm not somebody you want to mess with. Did you just poke me? Did he just poke me with his little stick? This is my place. I want to poke someone, I do it. All right, how easily do you think I scare? Hey, Booth? Don't break the cane. Arrest him and confiscate the cane as evidence. I need the cane. Arrest him for what? He's the guy who pointed a gun at a federal agent. Uttering threats or smelling bad or anything. It's the cane we want. Fine, here. Randal Hall I am placing you under arrest... for assault of a federal agent. This will never go to court. Oh, let's go find out. Oh, next time I take your gun away from you, I'll shoot you. Well then, I bette not let you get my gun again. Come on Let´s go! Get this: I called Tessa, to tell her a cole of places she should check out in Jamaica... - she's not going. -  What happened? Well, she said something came up at work, but I know the truth. How many times do you want me to poke Zack? Just once, but as hard as you can. As hard as he can? Why don't I hit him as haras I can? Because you have arms like noodles, while I am vigorous and burly. What truth? That all you got, burly boy? They got freaked out by Stage Six. What... what is Stage Six? One: Spend the Night; Two: Spend the Weekend; Three: Exchange Keys; Four: Sexy Weekend Getaway; Five: Extended Vacation; inevitably folloby Six: Move in Together. I'm an anthropologist. I know the stages of everything. You made those up. I did not. Yes, you did. They got to Stage Five and they balked. Not Booth. Booth did not balk. Sweetie, it's always the guy. No, Booth is not a balker. Hey!  The mark on Mount, the mark on Eve. They're the same. He can't resist hitting them with that stupid cane. The end of the cane, it's a fit for both marks. Hall's the killer. Send the cane, the photos, and the medium to the FBI. Let them confirm the match. What, and let them have all the glory? My chest hurts. Yeah.. all the glory. Here's what we know so far: Evidce linking rap producer Randall Hall with the death of rising hip-hop ar DJ Mount led the charges being file today by the Dtrict Attorney. Information coming to us slowly at this point, but as soon as details... Getting yourself in the mood? Trying. You know, this... really isn't going to be the type of vacation I hoping for. Oh? Tessa's not going. Something came up at work. Too bad. I'm sorry. Hey, I like going on vacations by myself. Really? Sure, nothing wrong with being alone. No, I mean, you like to go on vacation? Yeah, I go places all the time. You ever just, you know, sit on the beach? Pretend there's no such thing as skeletons? Is that in any way fun? When was the last time you got away? Got away from what? Ah, Bones, you know, 'cause what usually happens to me... I think about not coming back. Seriously? Yeah, you know, you go with someone, you joke about not going back to your real life.. the two of you laugh.