Shhh. Let's pretend it's the ocean. See that. God, love sex. Keep calling. - I thought you hated publicity. - Oh, it's a part of my contract. The book is getting a lot of attention. Just trying to do my job. Hello. Hi, Helen. Of course she did look out on the view. I think Rosy had a little thing for it. That seems like a lot... Well, it's two interviews, and a book-signing in one day... I don't know about tuesday. Just hum... send the schedule to the *** okay. I'll see you, I'm leaving right now. - Now this is something you don't * look at the scene at the publishing house. - Oh, dear Lord. You smell that ? Yeah. Sorry I'm late. Oh, thank god. Think... You know, dear, your book is on the bestseller's list. You don't have to work in this place anymore. This is my real love, Helen. I know a therapist who could really help you. OK. The reading and the book-signing are this wednesday night. * is * for tranportation. He's... A car will pick you up here at the lab, Dr Bennet. And then, there's the radio interview, next tuesday. Now that's an early one, so just tell Hank what would you like for breakfast. That's not necessary. No, honey, don't worry about that, that's what Hank is for. Right, Hank ? Sure, um, I wanted to tell you Dr. Bennett, I'm a huge... fan, I thought this book is even better... You know, as far as you have photo shoot is concerned... OK, Bones. We gotta go. They found a floater in the marina. Oh, my partner, Seeley Booth, this is the publicist for my book. Helen Laskow, and her assistant, Hank. Hello. Now I see what temper * those dirty little scenes in her book. - That's not me. Not me. No. - It's not hum. Right, you must let me get you that therapist number, dear. No, seriously, she's got someone. - Booth. - No, it's nothing to be ashamed of. I mean, he's kind of short. - Short. - He's not short. Just because he's not * tall like you are... Didn't you say that you had remains for me to examine ? Oh, right. Come on, let's go. Well, thanks for the schedule, Ellen. So, is it just me, or is this, you know, kind of weird ? What ? Well, in your new book, they found a body at a marina, right ? - You read my book ? - Of course. Anyhow, guy docking the boats saw something floating in the water. Thought it was a dead fish, and it ended up being a decomposed hand. The dive crew just located the rest of the body. I didn't think you'd have time to read my book. You've time to write it, I have time to read it. Besides, not like I can avoid the damn thing. Your book is everywhere. Okay, bring it up. Booth, look. Wait... body on the anchor ? Yeah, tied to the chain. Body's not tied with a rope. Divers said they used... Red tape. How'd you know ? Because that's how I wrote it. Victim was male, mid-40s. Estimated time of death is five days ago. Only five days ? This is an extreme rate of decomp. Blue crab season. They'll feed on anything, dead or alive. Vegetation, fish, flesh... Ugh, opportunistic little bastards. Elliptical wound on the frontal bone with the reverse beveling. He was shot. Is there a bullet ? No. Irregular exit wound on the occipital. Looks like a through and through. Dr. Brennan, exactly how similar is this situation to your book ? The victims in my book are bound and gagged with red tape, shot and then fed to various animals. Cheery. I loved the symbolism of the red tape. Perfect way to dispose of bureaucrats. Thank you. The first body in the book is tied to an anchor and dropped in the water at a marina. I'd prefer not to jump to conclusions. I don't think it requires a jump. Just a little hop. A little teeny... In this lab, we are concerned with science, not fiction. This is a sketch based on tissue markers on the skull. PCB's and lead we found in the collagen mean the victim's from the north end of the Chesapeake, probably outside Annapolis. Did you have to whisper that in my ear ? It seemed right. Check the image against DMV photos from Maryland. Bones... How are you holding up ? What do you mean ? Fine. You know, something like this, it's understandable if you're upset. It's probably a coincidence. Hey, how's it going ? What-what are you doing here ? Uh, yeah. Well, I heard we have a copycat killer using your book... That hasn't been established. Yeah, I've got it covered here, Sully. Two hands are better than one, Booth. Well, last time I looked, I have two hands, see ? Thanks. Testosterone spill on aisle four. We don't know that my book is the cause. So far what we do know is... Someone died exactly the way described in your book. Do you keep any of your old fan mail ? No. I don't even read it. The publicist deals with all that. Yeah, I mean, why are you asking, Sully ? I'm in charge of this investigation. Well, Booth, I was a profiler for two years. I have a lot of experience with these cases. This could be someone showing what a big fan he is, or someone rying to get close to her, too close. I don't need to be protected. Yes, you do. Look, you still call the shots. I just think I'd be an asset to the team. Okay, fine. We send all the fan mail to Sully in his office. Fine, I'll call Ellen. We could be dealing with a real sicko here. Jim Lopata. Not the sicko. The sicko's victim. 43, married, no kids. From Glen Burnie outside of Annapolis. So your husband never called you ? I thought, uh... he was supposed to be on a business trip. And you hadn't seen him since last Tuesday ? Oh, no, his trips... he works shard. Morning till night, driving hundreds of miles. Greg, did you and your sister's husband get along ? Well enough. Mm. Any idea if... he had any enemies ? Wouldn't come as a shock. Jim liked to drink. He could turn into a real jerk sometimes. - We were working through it. - Right. Greg... I'm sorry. But part of me thinks you're better off, Connie. Are you better off, Mrs. Lopata ? How can you say that ? My husband's dead. Of course. I'm sorry. It's just... one more thing. I realize this is gonna sound a little strange, but do either of you two read, uh... mystery novels ? What the hell's this got to do with anything ? Just answer him, Greg. Greg likes them. Why ? It's just something I gotta ask. The tape actually managed to preserve particular matter that was present on the body before it was dumped. Any hair ? Other goodies that can give us DNA ? No, but I did find sand. Victim was in the ocean, Hodgins. A lot of sand there. Yeah, but the sediment distribution doesn't match. The sand came from someplace else. Okay, try to locate the source. What about the tape itself ? - Composition ? Brand ? - Working on it. Cool. Do you really plan on reading Dr. Brennan's book ? What ? Of course. I only... I bought it. You know, it's on a... pile; I'm waiting... no, I don't. Please don't tell her. It's just, after dealing with murder all day, I can't bring myself to go home and read about it for kicks. So, for kicks you read... ? Feminist trash. You know, woman finds her power, leaves her oppressive husband, discovers freedom and fulfillment with an artist who knows how to cry and make love like an animal. So, sex books. Pretty much, yeah. Hmm. Let me know if you find any organics on that tape. Yup. Is the FBI aware of the situation ? What do you mean ? Booth and Sully are both working the case. I meant the other murders in your book. The marina victim is the first of three. Please, concentrate on the remains, Zack. It's just, the later dump sites are far less specific. How could the FBI prevent... Because we're the good guys, Zack. Don't you forget that, okay ? Possible motive for Jim Lopata's murder... Connie Lopata's medical records ? Check out the ER visits. Broken rib, concussion, severe bruising. Someone was abusing her. Her husband. So, the wife's brother Greg knew about it and killed the husband to protect his sister. Made it look like a copycat to cover his tracks. I got more info on the red tape. It's a thermosetting silicon adhesive with glass cloth backing. Secures materials under high temperatures. Mostly used for electrical and industrial applications. Is this Greg person an electrician ? Other works at Reagan National Airport. He's a baggage handler. But glass tape is used on aircraft, too. To secure cargo holds. It didn't take a genius to figure out he hit her. You wanted to protect her. She's my sister. Of course I did. I tried to get her to leave him, but she was so... I don't know. It was messed up. So you decided to handle things your own way. What, meaning what, I killed him ? No way. I'm not saying I didn't want him dead, but I never touched him. Swear on my mother's grave. Sorry, Greg, but that particular oath is no longer recognized in a court of law. Listen, if you're gonna charge me with something, do it. If not... Where you were last Wednesday when your brother-in-law was killed ? In the mountains. I went camping. I'm assuming you were alone. If you can find the other people... Just stay close, all right ? Don't go anywhere anytime soon. All right, Greg ? - Booth. - Yeah. Did you see his right hand ? Sure. Well, not really. Why ? The third and fourth phalanges, they're fused together. Greg has syndactyly. Syndactyly, yeah, of course. Is that relevant ? Well, it could indicate the presence of other birth defects, things that might affect his range of motion. We should look into that. Would he be able to shlea gun ? What ? If his fingers, you know, were fused like that, would he still be able to, you know, pull a trigger ? don't see why not. Okay. That good enough for me. If it's no ihim, Booth... There are two other murders in the book. I know. Hank. What are you doing here ? Ellen sent me out. Said you needed all your old fan mail. Plus, she needs a half-caf soy latte every day at 10:00, a half-caf soy latte with a dollop of foam and a sprinkle of chocolate shings every day... Um... I'm looking for an Agent Sullivan. Oh, yeah, he's down the hall, in his office. Booth. Yeah. What's wrong ? Someone must have broken in Saturday night. Store's closed Sundays and Mondays. Clerk comes in this morning, gets an eyeful of this. Isn't this how you killed the second victim in your book ? Yeah. Sadie Keller, 28, lived in Chevy Chase. Wow, that was fast. Her face was chewed off. Aside from bite marks on her parietal and sphenoid bones, skull was intact enough for Angela to do a facial reconstruction. Yeah. Sadie Keller... recently married to Ashton Keller, 29. No work history. Went to some pretty fancy schools, though. - She was rich. - Great. So we got a dead traveling salesman and a prep school socialite. What the hell's the connection ? Not Greg Braley. His story checks out. He was camping the night Lopata was killed. Two rangers recognized him. Oh, great. So the ly connection we have is the tape he te fact that they were both fed to anBOals. So we're back to me. No. Your book. I can only deal with what's before me. Two discrete cases. Physical evidence. Look, Bones, I know it's probably easier for you to believe that the cases aren't linked... No, there's nothing that would make the loss of two lives easier for me, Booth. - I'm sorry, but... - I'm not burying my head in the sand here. I want to catch whoever did this as much as you guys do. But I have a method. And the method doesn't change. I'll be back in my lab. She wasn't this emotional before you came in the picture. I thought you weren't interested. Look, I don't need that, okay ? Believe me, okay ? I'm gonna go talk to Sadie Keller's husband. Why don't you just go back to your office there and sort through the fan mail, all right ? Got some phaenicia sericata stuck in the tape. Means she's been dead less than two days. Rats sure made quick work of her. So, all the victims in Dr. Brennan's book got eaten ? Yeah, it was part of the metaphor. The victims were all corrupt politicians who'd been feeding for years on the goodwill of the people, so... I got it. Lots of gore with a splash of social commentary. No wonder it's a bestseller. Ooh, good. Lots of tissue left over here. There's no exit wound. So we've got a bullet ? I don't see it. The tissue was too badly scavenged. But if the bullet was still inside Sadie Keller when her body was dumped in the cage... We need to X-ray us some rodents. She was supposed to be visiting a friend. And when she didn't return your phone call... I just assumed... She was very independent, still kind of wild. I mean, she was used to getting whatever she wanted. Like what ? Let's just say she wasn't the wifely type. And since she had all the money, she thought she could, uh... you know. Do you know any of the men she might have seeing ? I didn't want to know. I just wanted it to blow over. I... I loved her. And I know that sounds pathetic but I just loved her. Forgive me, Mr. Keller, but you stand to inherit quite a lot of money om your wife, don't you ? Yes, I do. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that you suspect me. But I was out of town the night that Sadie disappeared, at a golf tournament. I'll need the details. - Of course. - Yeah. Sadie meant everything to me, Agent Booth. And I know she loved me. Whatever happened... she did. I know that. They're cute, for rodents. Yeah, well, don't grow too attached. These little guys are destined to be snake snacks. But now that we've confiscated them, shouldn't they be safe ? I mean, they're material witnesses. It's not like they know sign language, Angela. In grad school, I developed a more efficient method for killing rats raior to dissection. It involved a warm dish of water and the clever use of a ball-peen hammer. Zack... Uh ! Found something. Wow. Now what ? Warm water soothes them like a bubble bath. Then... Can't we just wait until nature takes its course ? Do you have any idea how tight a rat's rectum is ? Please tell me you don't. Locate the ammo thief ? Yes, but we're debating the method of bullet retrieval. Well, I fed them all a mixture of extra-strength laxative and soft tissue dilator when they arrived, so... shouldn't be long now. She fed all of them laxatives ? I need to go to my office. Lunch time. Ho ! I'm not hungry. Come on, it's meatball. It's the perfect food. Shouldn't you be working ? I went through the fan mail and gave the likely candidates to Booth to check out. Yeah, I'm busy, Sully. I'm cataloguing injuries the two victims suffered. Hey, I am on your side, Tempe. I know what you're going through. Okay, what ? What, Sully ? What... What am I going through ? Okay. You feel responsible. You feel that somehow, if you didn't write that book, those two people would still be ave. And you're terrified 'cause you know that someone else dies in the book. I don't put much credence in psychology. Well, neither do I. I'm basing this on knowing you... well. Knowing how much you care about your work. And if trivializing it in the book caused this, then... It just, but it doesn't work like that, Tempe. Statistically, the murders would have happened whether the book was written or not. The method might be different is all. Right. Now, if you only believed that. You don't know me as well as you think. We're just having a fling, so don't get carried away. When you can't stop thinking about someone when they're not around, that's not a fling. When you remember their touch just like they were still right next to you, that's not a fling. If you need to be alone with this, fine. But we both know what we have. We have the bullet. The bullet was jacketed, showing little deformity. And you've compared it with the wounds on both victims ? Lack of shattering around the exit wound on the first victim suggests a jacketed projectile. And Angela's rendering also matches the bullet we recovered from the rat. Zack... Hey, Bones. I thought you and Sully were having lunch. Not hungry. Zack thinks both victims were shot using the same gun. You said that Ashton Keller was going to get a large inheritance. Right. But his alibi is airtight. He was at Briarwood in Maine at a charity golf tournament. So much for that theory. Yeah, what about the red tape ? I mean, did Hodgins... It's the same. Same gun, same tape, no relationship between the victims. I'm telling you, we're dealing with a serial killer. He's just picking random targets. Nothing else makes sense here. But serial killers have a pattern, a method of killing. The first victim has numerous defensive wounds, including a fractured manubrium, and trauma to the temporal bone. There was quite a struggle before he died. What about the second victim ? Nothing. Only the gunshot. Did you have something to show me ? Oh, new suspect. All right, Sully narrowed the fan mail down to the people most likely to act out in obsessive or dangerous ways. But... look who I found, huh ? Your number one fan. Oliver. Haven't seen him in a while. Oliver Laurier. The guy who stalked you when we first started working together. He used to come to all my readings, follow me around afterwards.er It says here your publicist gives his picture to security guards at every signing. Must be why I haven't seen him. I think it's time for to go see what our buddy has been up to lately. Oliver ? You home ? Who is it ? It's an old friend. Special Agent Seeley Booth. You work with Dr. Brennan. Why are you here ? Well, you know, somebody loves Dr. Brennan's new book just a little too much. And since you're such a big fan... Oh ! Okay. You know what ? Not good idea, Oliver. Go away ! All right. You know, this is probable cause. I'm gonna give you five seconds. Oliver ! Five, four... I didn't do anything. Three-two-one ! My shrink is gonna be pissed. I didn't do anything. Of course you didn't. Come on. Yeah. Ow. If it was just a game, ... why'd you slam the door in my face ? I'm not stupid. I heard about the murders. And I knew you wouldn't understand CRP. - CRP ? - Creative role playing. Sometimes I like to pretend. I act out scenes from my favorite books. Exactly, um, how far do these "games" of yours go, Ollie ? You ever get tired of pleding with your little dolls, maybe try acting it out on other people ? Dr. Brennan's book signing is tonight. I wanted to see her again. Let's stay on point here, Ollie. I am on point. I want to see Dr. Brennan. This isn't like going to see Santa, it's more like the principal's office, you see. I'm in charge. I call the shots. Did you read Dr. Brennan's new book, Agent Booth ? Why do you care ? Merely wondering if you know how many victims are in it. What's this about, Ollie ? I want to see Dr. Brennan. Santa. Sully asked Booth to double security for my book reading. Hot. No, I don't need that kind of hot, being treated like a damsel in distress. Sully cares about you, honey. It's a good thing. We've only been seeing each other for a month. You know, he doesn't know me. Not really. And if he does, he won't like you ? I've already given up too much to him. It's... this one or this one ? - This one. - Okay. Most relationships end badly. I just think it's important to... to be reasonable. To stay in control. Don't use your brain so much, sweetie, you have other organs that can give you far more pleasure. I'm just saying that the odds are not in favor of lasting relationships. Look, it might end with Sully, sure. But I don't think you want to rush the process. Look at Hodgins and I. We're running on sex and laughing. The only thought comes when we order takeout in bed. And you're happy ? Hey, we did it in the storage locker an hour ago. I am thrilled. Cam, I have a book signing tonight. Oh, right. You think that's safe ? Well, there haven't been any threats on my life. No threats on these victims either. Is that the soft tissue sample from the second victim ? Sadie Keller. Found something irregular. Oxygen saturation levels in the blood were extremely low. I think she might have been unconscious before she was killed. That would explain the lack of struggle. But there was no skeletal evidence of a head injury. I know, my guess would be drug induced. I'm about to run a tox screen. Thing is, why would the killer render this victim unconscious ? It doesn't follow. Serial killers are consistent. Wow ! New dress code ? 'Cause I didn't get thmoge Okay. The sand I collected from the first victim: it's from feldspathic rock. But that's widely occurring, right ? Right. Sixty percent of the Earth's crust is composed of feldspar. So, this is no help to us. Actually, it is. These particles are way too finely graduated to have occurred naturally. This is manufactured sand. Hi, Booth. Can we trace the manufacturer ? I've requested samples from every quarry that distributes to the D.C. area, see if that narrows it down. Okay, ll be right there. Hey, be careful tonight. I'm not going to the signing yet. Booth has a suspect. Serial killers like to show off. Boast about their crimes. You might be able to get him to open up. But you don't have to talk to him if you don't want to. - I'm not afraid of him. - I'm not saying that you are, I'm just saying... I'll be back. She'll be back. That means... Everything with you two, uh... Well, you know what ? Never mind. Wow. It's like you dressed up just to see me again. I can assure you, Oliver, that, that's not the case. But that's what it feels like. To me. Did you kill those people, Oliver ? I... can't answer that yet. I want to talk a while first. The dead bodies, is it true ? Did they really get eaten ? Like in the book ? Yes, they did. I knew it. Some of the Brennanites were skeptical that the deaths were realistic, but I told them. Did he say "Brennanites" ? Did you say "Brennanites" ? Murder Mystery Chat Room members. See, all chat room members have to identify themselves with their favorite author. I'm a Brennanite, of course, but there are also, uh, Pattersonians and Graftonadas. Okay, Oliver, I understand. What did you tell them ? That you couldn't make those things up. Everything you write is based in fact, it could really happen. Oliver, I want to talk about the murders. You look so beautiful. Maybe I could get a picture of us together. The murders, Oliver. I know you just dismiss me as another fan, but once you get to know me, you realize I'm an interesting man. No touching, Oliver. Okay, end of interview. Seems like a good call. Let's go. No, we want to be alone. You blew your chance for that, okay. You can sit in a cell till you're ready to talk. Wait, don't leave yet. Not yet. O-kay. - Ow, my nose. - See, I can take care of myself. Yeah, you'd better watch it, dude. Oh, my... There's so much... The guy faints at the sight of blood. - He has vasovagal syncope. - Wait there's no way he's the killer, he just wanted your attention. All right, so we're back'r to square one. All right the, uh, the book is the only connection... It sold 400,000 copies already. That's a pretty big pool of people to question. I'm going to be late for my reading. Wait, there's still potentially one more victim. I think you should cancel. What the, the killer's ter me, Sully. If he is using the book, that makes me the object of these actions, not the target. I mean, you're the profiler, right ? I'm just trying to help. Well, you're making this, this personal. You got yourself assigned to this case just because of me. Absolutely ! What you'r gonna give me more crap now because I care about you ? I'll be over here making a few calls. A little help, Booth. Do you think she should go alone ? No, no, not alone, but there seems to be other stuff going on here. I don't want to get involved. No, you agreed wagrem, you are involved. All right, so let Booth take you, and that way, it won't be personal between us. - Fine. - Fine. - Fine ! - Fine. Fine. Oh, my... Ellen is going to be so upset you didn't take the car. No, it's okay, I wanted to go with Booth. You're not gonna get in trouble. Man, you're shaking. - Are you okay ? - Oh, yeah. I'm fine, it's my own fault. I'm diabetic and I have not had time to eat. And Ellen's not here yet. What, do you have any food, Candy ? Yeah. I got a half-eaten chocolate bar, caramel center... Wow. Here, eat. You need the sugar. Where, where's Ellen ? I don't know. She went home to hours ago to change her clothes. Left me to handle everything. There was almost a riot over the seating arrangements. Well, did you call her ? Who, Ellen ? I can't. She left her Blackberry as usual, for me to answer, so I would actually be calling... myself. This is, this is not like her. She's never late. All right, look, I'll send a car by her place, check things out, all right. Thanks. I'll go in and get them ready for you. You can use the back entrance to avoid the nuts. Oh, um, the candy was a little linty, but... thank you. Linty ? Quite a line of people there. A lot of fans, Bones. All right, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold it right there. Whoa. FBI, hands in the air. I just wanted an autograph. Okay, just wait till the Doc gets inside, okay, pal ? I'm sorry, love your book. Was that necessary ? Just doing my job, okay Bones. Are you gonna come at me like you came at Sully ? What is that supposed to mean ? Far be it for me to stick my nose into your bedroom, but I've known Sully a long time, and believe me, he's one of the good guys. Well, I know Sully, Booth. Yeah, and I know you. All right, somebody gets too close, you just want to push them away. I think you're taking your therapy a little too seriously. Maybe, maybe not, come on, let's go. What ? What the hell is that ? Oh, no. Booth, they're fire ants. Just like the book. The third body. Oh, okay, there it is. Oh ! Careful, Booth, don't let them get on you. Oh... It's Ellen. We have to be careful with fire ants. ey're extremy dangerous. I think the victim would agree with you. I asked them to pull the book, but according to my contract, I don't have that right. I heard sales are increasing because of the murders. It's sick. These are real people, not characters. Just rember: at the end your books, Kathy Reichs always gets the murderer. How long will this take ? Long as it takes to get every last one of th. Introducing fire ants into the ecosystem around here would be extremely devastating. What about the crime scene ? It was covered. Yeah, I had to fight fire with fire, or in this case, fire ants with fire. Meaning... Had to scorch it. Used a flame thrower. Dude, it was like Ghostbusters, the way they all went up. We get the idea, thanks. Bullet hole is visible now. Around the C-2 vertebra. Close range. Each shot in a different part of the body. Very unusual for someone who executes his victims. Data retrieval went through Ellen Laskow's Blackberry. Found a text messaging address, used only once about six months ago. Former work number of Ashton Keller, Sadie Keller's husband. Oh, wait, our-our third victim knew our second victim's husband ? Asht Keller said his wife was fooling around. Maybe Ashton was fooling around with Ellen. He was a good-looking young guy. She was a scary publicist. No accounting for taste. Well, I'll, uh... ... see what the publicist's assistant knows. They're always covering for their bosses, right ? Let's hope so. I'll look for any other connections between Ashton Keller and our first victim. Okay. Hey, uh, how's Brennan holding up ? Why don't you ask her yourself ? I'm... I'm not sure she's exactly receptive right now. Listen, don't let her bully you into leaving, man. - All right ? - Yeah. I... woke up this morning and picked up her cleaning like always. Stupid, huh ? I just... I can't get used to the fact that she's not here anymore. You need candy bar or something ? No, I'm okay. Thanks. So... is it the same person who killed the other two ? We don't know yet. When she didn't show up, I should have driven back to get her. Was she, uh, having an affair ? She had... lovers. Women. I don't know why she was so secretive in this day and age, but I was the only person in the office who knew. Did she know Sadie Keller ? The other victim ? W-Were they... ? If you can think of anything that might connect them... Of course; I'll go through my old records and date books. Great. Thanks. The ridging along the edges is almost identical. I'd say the third bullet was definitely shot from the same barrel as the first two. Same glass cloth tape used on body number three. So why are all the attacks different ? The first victim, Jim Lopata, shows signs of a physical attack before he was shot, and look at the angle of the gunshot. Through the forehead, execution style. And the second victim, Sadie Keller, shows absolutely no sign of a struggle as if she were drugged. But the toxicology screen came back negative. And the gunshot in this body was straight through the heart. The killer didn't want to see his victim's face get blown off. And Ellen was shot at close range in the back of the neck. I've never seen a pattern like that. I don't think it is a pattern. I think there were three separate killers. Any more leads off the third vic ? Yeah, I'm working on it. Brennan called, the publicist took a shot to the back of the neck. She thinks we have three separate killers. That's a hell of a coincidence. Or one hell of a conspiracy. You know, she sounded pretty certain, and I trust her when she's all calm and relaxed. Uh, so the text message. Uh, Ellen Laskow writes Ashton Kelle comes clean about her and Sadie, Ashton is enraged... No, it was Hank. The assistant ? What ? What about him ? He said that he always carried Ellen's Blackberry. So maybe it wasn't Ellen who knew Ashton That's right. It was Hank. I found a quarry sample that matches the sand found on the first body. It was distributed by the Irving Company of West Virginia, used exclusively by country clubs nationwide. Only a few clubs in this area, though, so I've got a list. W-Why do country clubs need sand ? - For golf courses. - All right, Bones. You're right; we're dealing with three separate killers. Somehow they all know each other and they're using your book to make it look like one person. What are we talking about ? Motive, Bones, okay, motive. Victim one was beating his wife, second victim left her money to her lazy-ass husband... Victim three's Ellen, who... seemed lonely, so... Bones, don't try the psychological stuff. It's really not a pretty sight. Ellen was hated by Hank, who was also next in line for her job. Hey, good work, Hodgins. Thanks. So our suspects agreed to kill for each other so they'd each have and alibi ? So all I need from you people is some proof, okay ? Oh, is that all ? Wait. The sand. Didn't you say that Ashton Keller was a big golfer ? Yeah, he plays nine holes at least every day at the, uh, Rockville Country Club. Yep. Rockville Country Club. It is the only golf course in Maryland that gets their sand from Irving. Okay, so if Ashton killed Jim, that would mean Hank killed Sadie. What do we know about Hank ? Not much. Hardworking, smart, diabetic... Diabetic. That's it. Cam ! The killer injected Sadie with an excessive amount of insulin to render her unconscious. Being a diabetic, Hank would have easy access to insulin. Why didn't that show up in the tox screen ? Because insulin is a naturally occurring substance in the body. We were only looking for analgesics and depressants. Yeah, okay. What about the third body, Ellen's ? The tape and the ants did a great deal of damage to the epidermis. It's been difficult to get a narrative of the injuries. Okay. What's that ? Cam is going to examine the body with a reflective ultraviolet lens, see if that gives us anything. I filtered the lens so that it only allows UV wave lengths of less than 400 nanometers. That way, we can see bruises and injury patterns that are normally invisible. Okay, have fun with that. Booth. Long bruise there, as if the killer had his arm around her neck. And these marks on the arms... they look like handprints. Think her killer grabbed her repeatedly all along her arms. Hands... May I ? Well, Sully got confirmation on the connection between the killers. Which is ? The Brennanite chat room that Oliver mentioned, the FBI tech squad traced the screen names. Greg Braley, Ashton Keller, Hank Belden, they're all members. Look. Syndactyly on the right hand. We can link Greg Braley to Ellen Laskow's death. All three murders, each one linked forensically to one of the three suspects. Not bad. What are you waiting for, Booth ? Go get the bad guys. That's a good idea. Tell you something, all right ? Sales of your book are gonna skyrocket after this. The only problem is our ending is a lot better than the one I wrote in the book. What, are you kidding me, huh ? Kathy Reichs and the FBI guy in the back of the AMG... The arrest. Oh, yeah, that. Sully. Yeah, you know, you really should apologize. I mean, you were really ragging on the guy. He seems a little frail. I'm a lot stronger than I look. Oh. You were... - Hey, Sul. - Hey. So, congratulations. You guys make a great team. Mm-hmm. That's true. So true. Thanks for your help. Sure. You know, I-I should run... Bones. You know, I got stuff. See you at work, Sul. Yeah, I'll see you, man. I... I did feel responsible, Sully. Do. And you thought if I saw you vulnerable, needing me, I'd run ? I've been alone my whole life. It's all I know. Eh, don't worry.