- In North Carolina. I changed my vacation plans to spend time with my brother. Ross and I talked about it and we really wanna find dad. Okay, well, just so you know, the FBI's gonna find your father, no matter what you want. My brother and i don't want the FBI to backburner the search. Is it okay to go over on two wheels like that? Only when making very sharp turns at high speeds. Hey, Bones, why don't you have a little, uh, you know, faith in me, okay? I'm not gonna backburner the case. All right? - I'm gonna find your father. - My brother said you'd say that. You really keep saying "my brother" a lot. Well, I lost ross for 15 years. I like the sound of it. My brother. What's with the siren? Why are you driving like a maniac? Two passenger cars off the tracks. One on the side. There's gonna be fatalities. Stan! I need some gauze! Danny! You don't find the owner of this in the next ten minutes, he'll bleed to death. Starting... now. - Seeley - Camille - Don't call me Camille. - Don't call me Seeley Dr. Brennan. Dr. Saroyan. You two know each other, right? - No. - No. Dr. Brennan, I'd like you to check out the automobile this train hit; It's probably what caused the derailment. Accidental? NTSB guy says the train struck a car at least 200 yards from the nearest access. Deliberate? Eight minutes, Steve! Probably suicide. Why are you still here, Dr. Brennan? Because I'm not a coroner, and I don't work for you. Well, you got that half right. Dr. Cam Still breathing! Thanks, Steve! All right. Every survivor is one less person for me to autopsy. You look good out of your suit, Seeley. But then, you always did. Yeah. That'S... great to have you back in D.C. Camille. One minute she's holding a severed arm, the next she's hitting on you. No, she wasn't hitting on me, and you know what? - She is your boss, Bones. - No, Goodman's my boss. - May I approach? - All yours, Dr. Brandon. Brennan. Dr. Brennan. You want to guess my name? No, but there are thousands of you in D.C. And only one of me. You know, while you were away, Goodman decided that there should be a head of forensics at the Jeffersonian. It never occurred to you to check in, huh? Why didn't Goodman hire me? Oh, my guess; People skills. You know, I have people skills. Aw, all right. That firefighter's name is Nelson. It's at least the fourth time that you've met him. Odds are Cam knows his kids' names after meeting him once. A lot of jewelry. Male. Thigh bone suggests he was tall. An I.D. Bracelet. It's good quality gold, slightly melted. Too melted for a regular car fire. Do you see a skull? Okay, Bones, I'm not looking for a skull. Burn damage in the body is more intense than I'd expect from a car fire even if the fuel tank ruptured and was absolutely full at the time of impact. Oh, I don't know. Do you see anything on this car that isn't ruptured? Booth, three deaths in the first-class car. Oh, homicide. That makes it my case. One of them's a senator. That makes a difference? Facts of life, Bones. Apparently cam is autopsying a senator. A senator? Oh, we're moving up in the world. They have a past. Cam and the senator? Cam and Booth. Look how she touches his arm when he laughs. You touch my arm when I laugh. No, you touch me. It's a big difference. Okay, what do we got? Male, 40's,approximately six foot seven, right-handed. Six foot seven? Athlete in his youth. Right shoulder is worn from a repetitive motion. Baseball pitcher maybe. More like a... basketball. Basketball. Mm, six foot seven; It makes sense. Every bone in his body is broken. Dude, he got hit by a train. "W-A-R." It's all I can make out of one name. And then, "love, briana." Dude! You're saying "dude" way too much. Forties, six foot seven, w-a-r, briana? This is Warren Lynch. Who's Warren Lynch? No way. Warren Lynch? - Lynchpin international Warren Lynch? - Yeah. I am not telling the press that Warren Lynch killed Senator Paula Davis before we're completely certain. I know Senator Davis. I signed a book for her to give to her daughter. Oh, man, I love Paula Davis. She could of been president. Warren Lynch and senator Davis killed in one accident? No way it's a coincidence. Hey, Hodgepodge: All engines reverse. First we identify beyond the shadow of a doubt, then we get paranoid. I'm cool. As long as paranoia is on the schedule somewhere. It wasn't suicide. Jagged edges to the breaks. Small fragments, a lack of circular or radiating fractures, or adherent spurs. What does that mean? This man was dead for several hours before the train hit him. Bones 2x01 - The Titan on the Tracks Subs by Zhalom Resynch: hanest We are tighter than a nun's knees on this one. No press, no conjecture with anyone outside this room. Why? Because we are gonna find the details of Senator Davis's death without giving Oliver Stone or Michael Moore any ideas. Are we assuming senator Davis's death was a coincidence? You want to kill someone, planting yourself in front of a train, probably not the best idea. But, too early to make any assumptions. I am a diuretic seagull, people. Everything goes through me. 10:00 A.M.? Here? Tomorrow? Zacharoni, your turn to bring the doughnuts. Zacharoni? Cam noticed that I eat macaroni and cheese everyday at lunch. - Every single day? - Yeah. You should be okay with Dr. Saroyan getting the head-of-forensics job. Why is that? Because you are a strictly rubber-to-the-road, hardball scientist. You're not a flesh-pressing, ink-stained,policy-making, wank-tard. What are her qualifications? Chief coroner of New York for two years, assistant federal coroner before that. How am I doing? Very well. Impressive. Brennan. We were discussing her mother's case. Fine. Well, I'll be there in 15 minutes. Yes. Good, Dr. Brennan. We'll chat later. It's a very interesting case. Brennan identified skeletal remains as her mother's, killed by a blow to the head; Initial suspect was her father, but in the end,we arrested a pig farmer hit man in witness protection. - Added wrinkle, Brennan gets called... - Dr. Hodgins? You're chattering me to death 'cause you hope I'll forget you called me a wank-tard. It's a made-up word. No meaning. My name is Lisa Supak and I am the assistant U.S. Attorney attached to this case. I'd like to hear first from the national transportation and safety board, Mr. Hobbs. Thank you. At 8:04 this evening, a high-speed commuter train struck a private vehicle. The front car derailed, killing three people, including Senator Paula Davis. Preliminary indications show that the car was placed there purposely. Dr. Brennan, was the Jeffersonian able to confirm that the driver of the car was Warren Lynch? Dental records and physical characteristics establish that, yes. The vehicle's registered to Mr. Lynch. We'll verify that the jewelry found on his body was his. Plus, we have this. A photograph from the carpool lane? At 1:56 this afternoon, Mr. Lynch drove illegally in the Diamond Lane on I-270, our good old maryland state police cameras, they caught the infraction. This is definitely the vehicle found on the tracks. Nobody saw or heard from Warren Lynch after this photo was taken. You can't honestly expect anyone to believe that Warren Lynch committed suicide by driving into a train. Daniel Burrows, securities exchange commission. We were about to lead charges against Mr. Lynch that would not only wipe him out financially, but send him to prison for several years. I heard rumors, but for a man like Lynch to kill himself... Mr. Lynch did not commit suicide. Dr. Brennan's examination shows that he was dead for at least six hours before the train struck his car. Dead how? I don't know that yet. But can we assume that it was foul play? When it becomes public knowledge that Warren Lynch is dead, stock in Lynchpin International is going to plummet. Well, it sucks for the people invested in Lynchpin, but otherwise... That's motive for murder. How is losing money a motive? It's called shorting a stock. Uh, basically you bet that the share price is gonna fall and when it does, you collect. How much we talking? Tens, maybe hundreds of millions. Yes, these are Warren's things. I bought him the I.D. Bracelet on our first anniversary. "Casu consulto." What does that mean? "Accidentally on purpose." Why do you know things like this? It was kinda my husband's motto. Mr. Lynch wrote about it in his autobiography. He played basketball in college. Made it all the way in the national championships. Warren was the high scorer, but a player on the other team locked him out of the key. Warren injured the opposing player, sent him to the hospital, and made it look completely inadvertent. "Accidentally on purpose." He wrote this about himself as if it were a good thing? Well, you don't become Warren Lynch by playing by the rules. I'm still his wife so this all comes to me now, correct? Still his wife, Mrs. Lynch? Are you and Mr. Lynch having marital problems? Warren and I were separating. Why? Infidelity. On who's part? I found out that Warren was seeing someone only... the someone turned out to be... Some dozen. Mm. I'm gonna need a list. When Briana confronted Warren, he had a private investigator look into her activities. I admit, he didn't come up dry. Private investigator's name? Rick Turko. He was one of Lynch's all-purpose, go-to, dirty-work fixer. Yeah, I'm familiar with Rick Turko. Thank you for your cooperation. Cheating spouse stands to inherit it all, corrupt business practices and Turko the private dick. Where do we start? Two types of glass were embedded in what was left of Lynch. Let's start with glass. Tempered automotive safety glass and silicate. Tempered glass came from the car windows. What about the other? It's 70% Amorphous Silicone Dioxide. What's that? It's a common domestic container. Oh, like a jar. Mm. Why can't we just say "a jar"? Anything new, Zackaroni? Zackaroni? The victim's left shoulder and elbow we're badly dislocated postmortem. You mean between the time he died and the time he got hit by the train. Blood flows nonexistent when the dislocation occurred. Okay, you guys do this stuff and I'll start on Turko. What's that? A private investigator. Turko's an affliction. I'll set up a meeting and call you, okay? You shouldn't call me Zackaroni. Yeah, I knew that the moment I said it. I'm going to get a bone mineral density reading. You didn't actually want the job, did you? I don't even know what the job is. Well, Goodman will explain his decision. Goodman appointed Dr. Saroyan while I was on vacation then took a two month sabbatical to avoid me. That explains a lot. All right, you know, I think it's because you are very task oriented. Zack. Task oriented is a euphemism for lacking overall perspective. Oh, no. No. Yeah. Yeah, a little. Like, when's my birthday? I could get the computer to remind me about birthdays. Oh, that's one of a gajillion examples. You could tell me the other gajillion minus one. What do you see Zack? Yeah, uh, bone loss. Lack of bone density suggests that Warren Lynch is much older than his 40'S. But the other indicators of age, epiphysial rings, cranial sutures, all disagree. Age doesn't explain the ossification of cartilage where the ribs meet the sternum. Well, what does explain it? Opiates. Warren Lynch was a heroin addict. Agent Booth, I'm a private investigator. My greatest asset is my discretion. Briana Lynch already told us that you worked for her husband, Mr. Turko. Well, Mrs. Lynch is welcomed to say whatever she likes. That client confidentiality routine no longer exists when the client is dead. That's not the assurance i give my very demanding, very high profile clients. 'Til death do us not part. Yeah, how would your very demanding, very high profile clients feel if they found out that, uh, you procured heroin for Warren Lynch. What? Warren Lynch was a heroin addict. I'm gonna open up a drug investigation on you, Mr. Turko; Once the press gets wind of that your very high profile clients will find some other unprincipled Mr. Fix-it. Warren Lynch was a junkie? What's your evidence? Bones. So what does all this mean? Sum it up for the man, Bones. Warren Lynch suffered declining bone mass due to long term abuse of his hypothalamic pituitary gonadal access. Nothing says junkie like your gonads access, Ricky. I had no idea. And I certainly never procured any heroin for him. Warren Lynch sure as hell wasn't trolling for ten dollar hits in Lincoln Heights. Come on, Agent Booth, you know my rep. I'm a sin eater. I make problems go away. You mean like when Lynch's wife found out that he was sleeping with other women. All right, anything I say strictest confidence, correct? Warren Lynch brought me in to deal with a blackmailer. Warren Lynch was being blackmailed? By one of his girlfriends? That would be my assumption, yes. I paid them off before, but this was a much bigger deal, more serious. Had to be the heroin, right? How'd it play out? Well, I negotiated the payment down from a mil to a quarter million, paid them off. That was three days ago. - How? - Dead drop at Rock Creek Park. And you have no idea who it was. Well, I had a phone call, I traced it back, it dead-ended on a stolen cell phone. You did a good job. Given your heroin bombshell, I went back to what tissue remained and found traces of laudanine and raticuline. Alkaloids found in the opium poppy. I'd like Angela to do a facial reconstruction. Confirm my finding? It's handy having a pathologist right in the building. To turn opium into heroin it's exposed to hot acidic and hydride, which produces 18 neutral impurities. The ratio of these impurities indicates the heroin's origin, in this case Mexico. Mexican heroin is very common. I wonder if there's anything we can do to narrow it down further. Gas chromatography... shows there was also fetanyl in the heroin. What's that? This reminds me of when you interviewed me to be your grad student. She knows what fetanyl is. It's a narcotic which boosts the effects of the heroin. According to Metro cops, 14 addicts od'd this week off this one shipment. Have you told Booth? I'll leave that to you. How'd I do? I thought she did quite well. You said you had something else to show me. In a car fire gasoline vapor ignites at 280 degrees celsius and rises to a plain temperature of 2200 degrees. If the gas tank were full at the time of impact, the fire should of burned for approximately 20 minutes without intervention. Tell me that's not a real skeleton. No, we made him out of calcium phosphate and hydroxyapatite. And spam. 20 minutes now. It's still a significant amount of spam. And according to the fire department report, the car burned for 40 minutes and it still took four minutes to put out. Which means there was extra fuel. And the extra glass you found? - Five gallon mason jars. - Six of them. Filled with gasoline. Yeah, or moonshine. Why does the whole lab smell like a luau? Zack and Hodgins are proving that there was extra accelerant in Lynch's vehicle. Using what medium? Artificial bone covered with spam. Turn this off. Why wasn't I told about this? I encourage independent inquiry. Your encouragement does not signify my authorization. If it happens again I will take action, and I'm from New York, which means that I will take New York action, am I clear? Not at all. I'm from Michigan. Dr. Saroyan means she'll make us watch musical theatre. Wrong New York. I'm more from the get mugged in broad daylight tradition. This is not a high school science fair. This is the Jeffersonian institute. Unauthorized experiments in forensics will get you fired. But we're Hodgepodge and Zackaroni. And they work for me. You know, what I'd really like to do here is enjoy a meeting of the minds. But if you insist on an organizational pyramid, I will be at the top. Spam. Yup. There are mason jars filled with gasoline in the backseat intended to break when the train hit. Mm, and they got this with spam? Yeah, spam. And Cam, she got all bent out of shape. She wants to authorize all experiments. Great. You know, Zack and Hodgins, they do an experiment with fake bones and spam. Yeah, what is your spam fixation? Uh, defense lawyer hears spam, he makes a joke, the jury laughs and everything we get from the Jeffersonian is framed as, uh, goofy science, you know, from a bunch of squints with no connection to the real world. That wouldn't happen. Really? And the time you dropped the dead monkey down the elevator shaft? No, that was to show... Okay, I take your point. Look, Cam's goal is a successful prosecution in a court of law. Same as mine and yours. No, you're all about finding the truth. Okay, your words say good, but your tone says bad. So it's confusing. Cam knows that too much truth is just as bad as too little. Which is why she got the job. Booth. You know, Angela says that you and Cam had a sexual relationship. Does that effect your view of her? Patch me through. Wildly out of line, just so you know that. When? Did you get the doer? Personal prerogative is at the heart of scientific inquiry. Bones. Thanks for the notification. What? The man who was charged with murdering your mother... The pig farmer, Vince McVicar. He was killed. Today at Alexandria Federal Facility. I don't... he was the only connection to my father. His trial was gonna be my... How am I ever gonna find out what really happened? That's not Warren Lynch. How accurate is this thing? It's not the machine that's accurate, it's Angela. And she's good. That is not Warren Lynch. Hey, Zack provided a skull and this is the face that goes with it. You know, could it be the wrong skull? Zack doesn't make that kind of mistake. He's also very good. What about the dental records? I'll check them for a tampering. But you're certain that the body in the car... Is not Warren Lynch. Absolutely certain. Warren Lynch, no. No this was the man behind the wheel. You had dental records. Well, somebody digitized Lynch's dental x-rays and then re-filmed them, utilizing authentic alpha-numeric bar codes. Their records were expertly faked. Then where the hell is Warren Lynch? I've informed the FBI that they might want to start looking for him, in the meantime, we're moving to I.D. This guy. Mistakes like this cannot happen when the case concerns a dead senator. Ms. Montenegro uncovered a fraud; that's the opposite of a mistake. Save it for the press conference, Dr. Saroyan. Thank you. Hey, if you'd made a mistake, I'd have thrown you to the wolves. The Metro cops hated the guy pushing the Mexican heroin, laced with fentanyl is Eddie Bean: Young guy, baldy-headed, five-five, 145 pounds. You know, if drugs we're legalized, they could be dispensed from a clean, safe, controlled outlets, by trained personnel; not in alleyways by criminals. Yeah... right. - Hey, that's our guy; let's go! - Hold on! Whoa! Shh! What we're gonna do is we gotta wait... until he deals. Catch him in the act. We wait, for how long? However long it takes. Well, what do we do while we wait? This is a stakeout; we converse. Well, I tried to initiate conversation on the drug war, but... Oh, god. Fine. You know what? Let's just... talk about something we're not going to argue about. You been out to your mother's grave? - Not since the funeral. - Really? Why would I? Well, to connect. She's dead. Fine. You know what? Forget it. "Dead," as in gone from this world. Excuse me. I'm curious. Um, do you talk to the headstone? I mean, what do you, what do you say? It looks like I'm talking to the headstone, but what I'm really saying is... forget about where the words are aimed. What I say is that... I remember them. They can't hear you... because they're dead. My mouth moves, words come out, but none seem to get across the drawbridge to the Princess, I know who waits within. We're on! What Princess?! Hey! Ho! Hey, Eddie. - Eddie, how you doing to day? - What? Pockets; watch out for needles. Don't you have to read him his rights before you strangle him? Empty. Okay, you know, I had to hold his throat closed so he wouldn't swallow the evidence. If you bite me, I will squeeze your little pin head off. Okay. Okay, oh, easy. there it is. You shouldn't swallow heroin; It's dangerous. Great. Come on, Eddie. Eddie... Eddie! Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie. Hey, Eddie. I'm gonna ask you a question. Okay? You answer; You'll walk away. All right? If you don't answer... You book me; I get sick. I know the drill. If you don't answer... I'm gonna cram this back down your throat without the protection. All right. You sold some of this crap to a tall guy, over six-and-half feet tall. - Show him, Bones. - What? Show him. I think that tall? Uh... nobody I know. Here. Come on, eat it. Eat it. Eat, that's it. Get it in there. That's it. - Ray! - Ray? Ray. Ray Story. Tell me about Ray. Huh? Everybody knows him down here, man; he's a longtime skel. When was the last time you saw him? He bought a stick of dynamite about three days ago. I feel I should alert you: There's an additive in this heroin that causes overdoses. - Well... - Thanks. Hey, where'd you find her? Museum. We should warn the addicts. Yeah, like they do on a pack of cigarettes. When? Thanks. - What? - They found Warren Lynch. Mr. Lynch was thrown from a speeding car. It's a minor miracle he survived. It may be because he was already unconscious at the time. Unconscious? Yes. Badly beaten. Internal bleeding, broken ribs, both legs. Some spinal damage. Broken pelvis. When can we talk to him? Any time you want. As long as you don't expect a response. This man has severe brain damage. Off the record: He's not going to wake up. Best case scenario: He spends the rest of his life hooked up to feeding tubes. This is one of the richest men in the country. Most of the time that might mean something. Not now. Dr. Lawrence, this man holds the key to how and why senator Paula Davis died. I'm sorry. Anything that man has in his head... it's going to stay there. Excuse me. ed me a hundred times. It's important for us to explain how the victim's shoulder and elbow we're dislocated. I recreated the most likely sequence. The victim was dead when this happened. He didn't feel it. Run it again. Almost like he was putting his jacket on. Corpses don't usually do that. These injuries occurred when the corpse was forced into a jacket. Yeah, most likely by two people. Yeah, in a big hurry. They had a train to meet. You got anything on the H.O.V. Lane photograph? Yeah. It was relatively easy to get the license plate numbers from these two cars. Yeah, well... I'll check 'em out. Uh, there was another car. In the next lane. How do you know that? Well, rich guys keep their cars shiny. Adjusting for the diffraction of light caused by the curve... It's a navigator. But get this. I don't know if that's of any use to you. Yeah. That's of use. Booth... do either of these count as experiments? 'Cause if they do, we could both get fired... by your old sweetheart. You know, you just quit telling, Bones, who you think I've slept with. "Think"? What do you mean "think"? Two people forced a corpse into a jacket; that's... excellent work. Who's that? I think it's Rick Turko. It means Turko's probably the last person to see Lynch before he fell off the radar. Of course, Angela and Zack are scared that this counts as an experiment, and you are going to fire them. Ah! I am getting through. Why did you take this job, Camille? Why shouldn't I, Seeley? Because it's basically herding cats and you're a dog person. Dogs herd cats. Dogs don't do that. Eh, chase 'em up trees, whatever. Seriously, Cam, why did you take this job? These... are titanium rib clippers from Germany. My last job? Used bolt cutters from home depot. These are much, much nicer. This autopsy table, has down-draft ventilation no rotting-corpse smell, Seeley. My last table didn't even have a drain. Think about that a second: Leaky corpse; no drain. So you took this job for better equipment? I've spent my whole professional life in basement rooms with no windows. Now I'm in the Jeffersonian Institute. What? Gotta ask. You so do not. Did you take this job because of...? Oh, my god, the ego! Go ahead, say it. Nothing to do with you. I need Bones this afternoon. Okay. It's about her mother's murder and her father's disappearance. Plus, she dedicated her book to you... It's a legitimate case, Cam. I know; I read the file. Why hasn't she confronted me? About what? About me being parachuted in over her head. Finds me intimidating, right? Hey, I intimidate people. Yeah. Bones doesn't intimidate. Then what? Oh, you've seen the way she stares at human remains before she makes a decision. Yes? You're human remains and... she hasn't made a decision yet. How do I help her make the right decision? Go for the truth. Yeah. Take care of her people. Oh, and, uh, I like the whole intimidation thing. I think it's cute. I got no reason to lie. I'm facing life, at least probably going to get executed. What did you do? Mr. Downs killed his entire family. I killed your friend 'cause he cut in the cafeteria line and snagged the last orange juice. Broke of a sharpened toothbrush in his jugular. Mr. Downs, the man you killed... - McVicar. - ... he's not my friend. He killed my mother. You come to tell me "thanks"? No. McVicar was my last chance to find out some things. McVicar might have known something about my father. I can't ask my father because he left a message on my answering machine, telling me to stop looking for him. I'll tell you what... maybe... look at McVicar's murder as a second message from Max, one that he didn't use the phone for. I never mentioned my father's name was Max. I'm done. Did you perform a hit for Max Keenan? You performed a hit for Max Keenan? Take it as a sign from God. How am I going to tell Russ our father order the death of another human being? If he did that-- and I'm not saying it happened that way-- then your father took down the man who murdered his wife. Good people don't have other people murdered. Good people don't even know how. Your father buried your mother in a pair of new shoes in the cemetery, with her dolphin belt buckle that reminded her of you because you both love dolphins. This is not making him a good man. People can be more than one thing. We were at a dead end, Okay? Now we're not. Okay. We know that your father got to Mitchell Downs, persuaded him to kill McVicar. We find out how he did that, we're that much closer to finding out what happened to your old man. I mean that's... if you still want to find him. I do. Okay. Silver lining. Warren Lynch was in on it. Where'd that come from? He had his own dolphin; that NC lots of "a's" National Championship ring? His own dolphin. All the rest of his jewelry was removed and placed on the dead man: His $10,000 watch, his I.D. Band from his wife, his two other rings, but not the championship ring. That's good, Bones. The only reason they wouldn't rip it off his hands is... ...because Lynch was calling the shots. And I know exactly who was in on it. So, Warren Lynch and I conspired to disappear him for a few days so that we could profit from shorting Lynchpin stock? Well, you know, that's my thinking. then dressed a junkie in Warren's clothes, planted him in front of a train and... wait. Did I murder the junkie? No, Bones said you probably found him dead. But what I think is that you and Lynch intended a white-collar crime, but a senator died. Then I got all hinky and I tossed Warren out of the car at 80 miles an hour? Is, is that a confession? Nah, nah. Just getting it straight. You know, as a professional investigator myself, I have to point out that blackmailers make much better suspects. Lynchpin has no record of quarter-million-dollar payout three days ago. Well, there's not exactly a column for blackmail payouts in the corporate books. If I only agreed to the full payout, Lynch might have never been taken by those animals. Hey, let's play a little show and tell, huh? 'Cause we can put you with Lynch moments before he fell off the radar. That's maybe me before he fell off the radar. We worked together. You got nothing. Booth. Do that lying thing. Could you be more specific? Tell him Lynch woke up and gave a statement incriminating him. Turko knows the lying thing. Tell him Lynch said something only Lynch could say. Ooh, great idea, except for the "only Lynch could say it" part. The ring? Ah, he'll ask for specifics of the conversations. I got to cut him loose. He's going to get away with it? Well, you know, that happens sometimes, Bones. It's that brown little smelly part of the job. Shoulder and elbow. The junkie's shoulder and elbow were dislocated when they forced him into Lynch's jacket. We don't know if Lynch was there for that. It took two people. It was him. Come on, Booth, the part of you with the big gambling problem must love this idea. Right there. That's the reason you didn't get Cam's job. Oh, two against one. That's unfair. Warren Lynch woke up. Ah, and he's talking, right? Huh? Is he pointing his finger straight at me? That's correct. What's he saying? He let you take all of his jewelry except his Championship ring. No, I asked, what did he say in words? Hey, unless I'm under arrest, I'm leaving, folks. Mr. Lynch said it was difficult getting his jacket onto the corpse. Rigor mortis. You have a train to meet. You're in a hurry. And the sound of the shoulder popping. and elbow, like, knuckles popping... ...only louder. Sickening. Turko will admit to helping Warren Lynch place a dead body in Mr. Lynch's car and rigging it to burn with the intent of moving the market. Everything else, including placing it on the tracks, he says Lynch did on his own. Then he's lying. There's a small matter of proving that in court. What's the maximum sentence on those charges? Ten years. He killed three people. And put one in a coma. Yeah, but Lynch deserves to be in a coma, so it doesn't count. All right, look, Turko puts all the blame on Lynch, he does ten years and he gets all the money for shorting the stock. It's ten years or nothing. I can only work with what I'm given, and the forensic work on this was not good enough. What? You were fooled by fake dental records. You baked some spam. - What did you want us to do? - Your jobs. Hey! No, Miss Supek, you want us to do your job. My people gave you all the evidence you need to fry Turko with any reasonable jury. Forensically... we gave you everything you need to arrest Turko. Arrest in not a conviction. We definitely gave you enough to reject his plea bargain and indict him in the wrongful death of a senator. Indictment is not a conviction. You accept that plea bargain, the investigation stops. Indict him, give us time to give you what you need. If you accept this plea bargain, you don't deserve to be a federal prosecutor. Dr. Saroyan... yeah, it's scary. The whole country will be watching the trial and you don't want to go in with less than a sure thing. But you put my people on the stand as expert witnesses and that's a sure thing. Not Zack. You tell the story of what happened, using the evidence these people provided, and if you have any ability as a prosecutor, you'll win the case. Are you finished? No, Miss Supek. In the future, when you have problems with my team, you register them with me in private, not by grandstanding in a public forum. Okay... um, I sort of see why she got the job. Well, looks like your brother was here. Never understood the idea of bringing flowers. Just for once, Bones, do what people do, okay? See how it feels. Come on. That's it. Now I'm gonna go stand over here while you, you know, talk to your mom. I told you, I don't do that. Mom, it's me, Temperance. I have questions, but you can't answer them. No offense, but I don't think there's anything here of you but your bones, so... I can't believe I'm doing this. Is dad a good man or... a bad man? He had someone killed. Had him murdered and... what's the truth? Do I... do I keep looking or do I let it go like he asked? Who's he protecting, himself? Or me and Russ? Booth. I asked the questions, and guess what. No answer. Well, maybe if you weren't standing right on top of her, took a step to the left, showed just a little respect. Sometimes it takes a while to get an answer, okay? Just leave the flowers. I get answers at a lab, you get them from people. Nobody gets answers from a slab of stone. Yeah, well, I see an answer in the stone. See, you buried your mother as Christine Brennan; The woman that you knew as your mother and not by her real name; Ruth Keenan. That tells me who you are. What do you got? A dolphin. What is that tell you? What does that tell you? My father was here. Because he loves your mother and grieves her loss and he came here to talk to her. You're tainting evidence. It's not that kind of evidence, Bones. It's evidence of something else. Something that can't be tainted. It's beautiful.