I've been fighting leukemia for the past eight years, and now I just got a text... I'm cancer free. That's awesome. Congratulations, man. Oh, my God. I've been on hold for almost half my life. No more. I'm gonna travel, I'm going... to sleep with exotic women, I'm gonna do anything I want. That sounds like a good plan. Congrats, man. Ms. Iwanaga has come all the way over from Japan just to interview me about my new book. So her book is big in Japan, too? Yes, very popular. Spine-tingling. Spine-tingling is good, Bones. Well, except when it indicates a dangerous nerve disorder. She's also interested in how you work. Sure, as long as we keep you safe. That is what agent Andy would say in your books. It is an earthake. It's not earthquake This is... this isn't California! In both 1811 and 1812, large tremors shook D.C.,and again in 1828. We can discuss this later. Okay, that's pretty... What's going on? Let's get out of there! The main water valve just broke! Oh, my God. What the hell is that?! Look, there's Sweets. He looks very upset. When I talked to him, he said the guy died in his arms. - You guys with the FBI? - We're here about the human remains. That's him right over there. No... the skeleton. Right, Officer Grant. She can help you. I'll meet up with you. I'm gonna go see Sweets. Officer McKenna Grant is just right over there with the police vest. Thanks. - You all right? - Yeah, I'm fine. You don't look fine. It's, you know, a whole subway car full of people, and, worst injury is a broken arm, except for this guy. I can see that. I was just talking to him, when it hit, and he just beat cancer. All right, look, I tell you what, and just have a seat and try to relax. I... you know, he talked about traveling and sleeping with exotic women, and... he was gone, just like that. You just have a seat all right and relax I'm gonna go check on Bones, and I'll come back and I'll take you to the office. - That's fine. - Okay? It's no problem. Your friend said the skeleton washed against the train window. Would have freaked me out. This is Officer Grant with the transit police. The water mains, they broke all through the city. And this station was closed for construction. That's probably why it flooded like that. This is a male, early 30s, dead at least a week. Probably washed out in the tunnel when the valve broke. This could be quite a thrilling opening for your next book. What did she say? Never mind. Bones - Season 05 Episode 15 "The Bones on the Blue Line" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team - -==All-about-Subs.fr==... There are striations on the bones from animals scavenging. Probably rats from the subway tunnel. That explains why there's so little tissue left. Like the remains in your book Bred in the Bone. Those remains were eaten by weasels, not rats. It's a different genus altogether, although dentition is similar. There's some kind of viscous film on the humerus and scapula. I'll take a swab for Hodgins. So, other than the cancer survivor who died in Sweets' subway car, there were no other fatalities, just a couple chimneys down and some stuff falling off the shelves. Really rotten luck for that poor guy. And this one, too, apparently. Hello. I'm Angela Montenegro. Ms. Iwanaga is interviewing me for a Japanese magazine. In her books, you must be Amanda. I have a lot more fun than Amanda. Angela, perhaps you could take Ms. Iwanaga to my office. We can discuss my book a little later. - Of course. - Right this way. - What are you doing here? - I came to offer my... my services. Earthquakes can cause psychological trauma. For you, baby. - What you've been through... - I'm fine, Daisy. Sweets, you saw somebody die. I know my Lancelot. - You needed to see me, didn't you? - No, I'm just trying to do my job. Booth told you to go home. He knows about things like this. We'll call if we need you, I promise. We'll have Hodgins drive you home. Bye, Lancelot. Note the victim's clavicle. - It's dented. - And blue. There's also a blue nick on the C-7. Something blue pierced his clavicle and went through to the back of his neck. That would have sliced through the carotid artery. Ms. Wick, take molds of the clavicle for a possible weapon and swab the blue pigment for Hodgins. You didn't have to give me a lift. I have a car. Seeing someone die, Sweets, you don't just go on with your day after something like that. Of course, I was... you know, I thought if I could help other people, then... Yes, but, you know, sometimes you can't. Eight years of chemo and radiation. He said he was going to do the things that he'd been putting off, and then he was gone. I'm sorry, man. I just don't... I don't want to disappear without living the life that I want to live. Well, how about you start by taking the afternoon off? Amanda is the best friend of Dr. Reichs in the books. - Are you also friends with Dr. Brennan? - Absolutely. We're best friends. I see. Amanda once had sex with Agent Andy. Then I assume you also have... What are you writing there? Stop writing. The books and life are not the same thing. Most of the time. Okay, Ms. Iwanaga, I'm all yours. Excellent. Dr. Reichs' relationship with Agent Andy is based on you and Booth. The quite notorious sex life they share... What? No, we are not them. They're fiction. What are you writing? You started writing before I answered. - She loves to write. - Your readers feel the passion... My readers appreciate the intricate plots and the unique forensics. Why aren't you writing that down? That was interesting what I just said. I found a tooth in the victim's scapula. Oh my gosh, am I interrupting? A tooth? I'm sorry, Ms. Iwanaga. We can continue this later. Gomen nasai. Do you and Amanda share an interest in painting? But... listen, that does not mean that I had a thing with a Norwegian prince. You got that, right, that Amanda and I are different people? Belgian and Norwegian are not at all the same thing. Believe me. There, in the coracoid process. At first, I thought it was some kind of mineralized connective tissue, but then I remembered in your book, Dr. Reichs is confounded by the anomalous 13th rib. Note how you are able to retain the important facts from the book. And what does all of this mean? It's definitely a tooth. I tested it, a canine, and look here. He's missing his canine. Someone extracted his tooth and surgically implanted it in his scapula? Okay, if that's his tooth, what's that in the middle of it? Modified osteo-odonto-keratoprosthesis. Of course. It's a new surgery to restore sight. In your shoulder? They use the tooth as an anchor for a prosthetic lens. So the victim was blind. This is a rare operation. We should contact ophthalmologists in the area. One of them can probably ID the victim. I identified the blue substance on his bones as a polymer paint or rubber, maybe dye. That's why I'd like to go searching for rat poop. Of course you'd like that. The victim was eaten by rats in the subway tunnels. Rat excrement will contain not only inorganic clues but digested remains from the victim. That could give us time of death, too. Go for it. Well, I'll need some help. You seem to know your poop. Did you get to the part where Kathy swims through the sewage tunnel looking for the killer's teeth? I'm on page three so far. I've been busy with the murder. I speed-read. Yeah, of course you do. Rat poop. Let's bag that, okay? There's our furry little friends. There's gotta be a rat's nest nearby because rat's stay close to home. So, keep your eyes open. Here's a trail of fecal matter. I think it's Dr. Brennan's best book. People think that scientists aren't romantic, but Dr. Brennan has a knack for the steamy. Still waters run deep. Wait until you get to page 187, it is H-O-T! She describes this move that Agent Andy makes, Lance and I tried it a few times, and my God, the neighbors complained. Rat poop, Miss Wick. You have to check it out. Rat nest. As rat nests go, this is the mother ship. There's got to be some giftin here for us. Ventilation grates. The body could've been dropped through. Yeah, all right. Let's start bagging some excrement. A white cane. Our victim was blind. Martin Aragon, 30 years old. Lives in Kingman Park. His eye surgeon identified him. He's a scribe. I beg your pardon? Seriously, he wrote letters for a living. His business partner's name is Sophia Meade. I don't like today one bit. This man was on the vergof maybe having his sight returned and Lance's dead friend from the subway just found out he was cured of leukemia. - Yeah, it's ironic. - With all due respect, it's not irony. People may think it's irony but it's really just an unfortunate juxtaposition of events. Guess they're gonna need a shorter word for that. Why doesn't Agent Andy - wear a "cocky" belt buckle? - Because Andy isn't Booth. Why does everyone think that? Agent Booth thinks he is. He says they are both - brave and attractive. - He's wrong. You do not think he's attractive? I think his symmetry is pleasing, yes. But, Ms. Iwanaga, the characters in my books are really only there to furer the forensics. I do not agree. The sex is very involving. Why does everyone think that? It's just sex. - Imaginative sex. - Okay, I only include that and the personal interactions to denote the passage of time. What are you writing? I only took conversational Japanese. Page 187. Oh, my God. One moment please. Personal privilege, point of order. How's your rat poop? Page 187. You mind reading it aloud? Page 187? I am not reading the sparky bits to you. You can get somebody else to do that, sicko. Fine. Read it to yourself then. That's that thing. Nobody else does that thing. It's my thing that I do. Right. It's not a well-known thing. It's, you know, my thing that I do. I remember. I was there. You told Brennan about that thing I do. - It's a very good thing. - It's my thing. That I do. - Did you tell her that it was my thing? - Did I give you credit? Yes. Did you? Good, because I don't need her looking at me thinking about - that thing I do. - That's good then. But now that thing I do is in print and every guy that reads that book is gonna give it a shot. You know I got other things that I do. My advice, only sleep with guys that can't read because otherwise, you'll never be rid of me. I'm very worried about Lance. I didn mean say that out loud. I just thought it so hard that it popped out of my mouth. Apology accepted. That guy dying right in front of him really freaked him out. He's very sensitive, not inured to death and mortality like you and I are. The pattern of this pitting... I believe it resulted from blowback. - From a gunshot? - Most probably. The victim was shot with a gun and was standing in front of something glass. Which shattered and blew back into his skull. Then the bullet must've been blue. Are there such things as blue bulls? That's for me to find out, right? Because that's my job. Martin and Iave been business partners for six years. We've been writing letters for people since we got out of college. How did he adjust to the fact he was blind? He loved reading and writing more than anything. The past couple of years, he's been very down and depressed. That's why he got the operation. Listen, how does this whole, professional letter writing thing, you know, work? Well, most people are unable to express themselves in a cogent manner. - Martin and I know how to do that. - Does it pay well? - $50 a page for simple letters. - 50 bucks? $250 for legalese. - So, someone owes me money... - You come to us. Or if you got bad service, letters to the editor, congressmen, - even Dear John letters. - When was the last time you saw him? Last week. We don't work together every day. I have kids, I work from home. Clients, did they ever want their money back? We have dissatisfied customers like any business. But none's ever threatened us. You're welcome to look at our archives. You have copies of everything. Yes, on disk. Our victim, he's an expert on everything look at all these letters here. Parking tickets, income tax, court orders, the whole thing. It's getting to a pot where I'd want to kill him too. Yeah, yeah. Sorry. - Sure you're ready to come back? - Yeah, I'm fine. That guy on the subway, one way to look at it... he died happy. What? I mean, think about it. This guy gets is great news. And what's he do? He shares it with a stranger. You're gonna think I'm stupid for saying this, but the whole thing... it felt like a message. Right, a message. I believe in messages. Yeah, it was like a message. "Go ye forth and live life to the fullest." - Something like that. - Live life to its fullest. People should do that more often. Moment to moment, but they don't. Wait till you see this. Look at this letter right here. A letter actually written by the victim. I mean, it's written by him. And signed... signed by him. He's complaining about a sandwich franchise. Says it's disgusting and should be shut down. What? Yeah, but you know what? Keep reading. All right, he kept the reply. "You're destroying my career and my living. People have been killed for less." It's a death threat. It's a death threat. Let's put together a time line made out of rat poop. And now I'm in a sixth-grade science fair. The oldest poop containing human remains dates from seven days ago. Now, I also found this. Is that the color that was found on the bones? The same sub-micrometer blue polymer base material. Now, I'm running a scan companies at manufacture it to see if it's ever been used for ammunition, and check this out. - Also found this. - Is that leather? It's a piece from the sole of a shoe. - The victim's? - No. His we matched with DNA. This leather was found in a rat's stomach along with bits of the victim. They were ingested at the same time. This could've come from whoever killed Martin Aragon. What do you know. King of the lab. That's a first. Usually I have to say it. Yes, but I wanted to hear how it sounded with a touch of modesty. Stewart, hello. So, I spoke to Sammy's corporate office. I found out you lost your franchise in Rock Creek last month. - What's this about? - They said at they pulled the plug on you because you got into, what they called a altercation with one of the customers there. You two fought. That blind creep, Aragon. He comes in twice a week for three months. One day he gets sick and it's my fault. Those letters, they were just some kind of crazy vendetta. So, what's this? Son of a bitch coming after me again? He's dead. - He was murdered. - Then someone did the world a favor. But it wasn't me. That bastard cost me over $100,000. - I lost everything. - You wrote him back. Saying you'd kill him if he didn't stop writing to the head office. Hold on, man. That's just something that you say, okay? I was going under, my wife left me. I offered him five free lunches but nothing was good enough for him. Where were you last Thursday night? Anywhere near Rock Creek station? - Why? - Why? A second ago you're happy he's dead, now... you don't want to tell me anything? Even from the grave this dude is ruining my life. I don't have to say nothing. I want one of those court-appointed lawyers. Sure. Okay. Take about a couple of hours. Sit tight. I believe my books are popular because they introduce the reader to the world of forensic anthropology. Why aren't you writing? You usually write down everything. Why did it take so long for Dr. Reichs to have sex with Agent Andy? For the same reason that she used stable isotos to determine that the victim spent her childhood in East Timor. The oxygen isotopes we ingest through food and water are incorporated into the hydroxyl carbonic apatite of bone. You should be writing this down. Will she ever tell Andy about her affair with Ryan? That was inconsequential fluff, Ms. Iwanaga. It's why they fight in chapter six. They identify the lotus tooth in chapter six. But that is when their passion is released, page 187. Why are you only asking about things that mean nothing? Those are the things that mean everything. All anyone cares about are characters. That's what they relate to, you know? It makes the story real. No, the facts make it real. They're indisputable. If you believed that, you wouldn't write it as well as you do. Angela helps me with those scenes. What? Angela helps me. Page 187? Though. I'm anxious to try it. Really? These are all the letters he was paid to write? Yeah, look at this one. "Your breathes gives me life. "We're joined by loves tender coil. Sight ruled by my heart alone." That's very romantic. Somebody definitively got their money's worth. I don't think it was written for a stranger. Yeah, but, this is for the customer. Look. Sight ruled by my heart alone. He was blind. It's about him. I heard you were here. I've been calling. I know... I've busy doing lot of thinking, Daisy. About what? I know something is bothering you. You have to share it with me. Guys, I'm going to leave. You know what? We should work. I'll call you. Okay, I'll... What's going on, Sweets? You know, I only have one life, Angela, and I don't want to play it safe, now I'd really like to work. I can check these e-mail headers to see who got this letters. Maybe it was some kind love affair gone wrong. Okay, the server sent the message to this IP address. - The remote desktop is open. - Okay, what just happened? Well, we now have full control over the computer that received these emails. - What did you just do? - Turned the web cam on. That is the manager at the subway station. Well, then that is Aragon she sent the love letters to. - Where are we going? - Cam ask me to get you out of the lab. - Why? - Because you keep sighing and moaning. I thought I was keeping that to myself. No, no. You were sharing with everyone. Why do you drive a minivan? Do you have kids we don't know about. I'm artist, Daisy, and the Sienna has plenty of room, plus I stink at parallel parking, and the back up camera thing is like the invention of the century. So why are you sighing and moaning, Daisy? Because... Have you ever been dumped? Of course. - Hasn't everybody? - Not me - Never? - Never. I'm smart, I'm extremely attractive, plus I'm a sexual dynamo. So, do you think that Sweets is going to break up with you? I don't know it's never happened before. He's pushing me away. He's been avoiding me. - You have nothing to worry about. - Why? Because before they break up with you guys usually get really affectionate and sweet. Does it always happen like that? No. No, not always. So you can't get me any real help at all even though you've been dumped a lot. Not a lot. Why would Lance break up with me? I'm awesome. I paid the dude to write letters for me. Is that a crime? - To? - Officer Grant. Officer Grant, the transit cop that was at the accident? I was getting nowhere with her. She was all wrapped up with this dude. Eddy Cerafick. Aragon said he could appeal to her romantic side. You could close the deal. She's a cute ass, you know? I tought maybe that poetry stuff, it could work. Right. You are quite a romantic, Colin. Tell you what, though. Martin Aragon was murdered. - You're kidding me. - Try to look surprised. It'll help. I swear, I had no idea. Maybe when he wrote these letters to her... Yeah, that is what it is. Maybe when he wrote these letters to her he actually fell in love with her? Why would I care? As long as letters worked. But those letters, they didn't work. And you shelled out a lot of money for those letters, right? What do you end up with? A blind guy who falls in love with your girlfriend. That would make you pretty mad, wouldn't it? Am I right? You feel uncomfortable talking about this. Is this cause of something that that Japanese journalist said? Ms. Riku asked Bones about some of the character stuff, with her book and when were alone, she told me you helped her. I mean, I might have given her a few suggestions, that's all. Suggestions? Like...? Brennan types up her book, and then I go to her place, and I lie on the couch, I mean, with a glass of wine, and she reads me the book. I make suggestions. She reads you the whole book? Yeah, yeah. And I say... "You know what would be great here? If they were naked." Or, "What if he says this to her, and then they laugh and they kiss? You know, that kind of stuff. - The good stuff, you mean. - Do not do that. She writes the book. I just drink wine and make suggestions. Like her editor? And editors do not get credit. - What about page 187? - What is it with you guys and page 187? I have to go. I'm busy. You recognize these? Where did you get these? From the victim's computer. He wrote them? No. These letters were sent to me by Colin. No, Colin paid Martin Aragon to write these. He wasted his money 'cause I only went out with him a couple times. You think that maybe Colin blamed the blind guy for not sealing deal? No, sorry, but Colin isn't exactly the tough guy type. Eddie may be, not Colin. Your previous boyfriend? Yeah, when I left Eddie for Colin, he came down and punched Collin up a little bit. Not hospital punching, but he knocked him around. What if Eddie found out that Colin used the blind guy's letters to woo you away? - Where would we find Edie? - He owns a pawnshop - above Rock Creek station where I work. - Is that how you met him? I met Eddie when I arrested him for carrying pizzas and weapon. I hear you, I have issues with men. Thanks for update. Our safety slug was designed to dissintegrate so it wouldn't riccoshe after it hits its target. So it's safe bullet? Not for the person it hits, just everybody else around. This is a thin clothing of blue palmer. That must be what left marks on the clavicle C-7. Perhaps 'cause the ammunititon is so rare, we could trace buyers. We're not done yet. Turning our attention to glass fragments embedded in the back of our victim's head. The bullet exited the victim, shattered a glass object behind him before disintegrating. Right. The angle of applied force was 28 degrees. So if I extend the incident lines, the point of intersection is here. Which means he was standing between 45 and 60 centimeters in front of the glass object when he was shot. Then we find that glass and find where he was killed? We're still not done. Those are my photographs from when Hodgins and I went to find the rat poop. Let's not get to emotional. So we need to find glass fixtures that contain borosilicate. We find that here. I scanned for color frequences on the wall where the bullet would have disintegrated. The blue polymer emits around 20 nanomers. You found where he was murded. And he was lured into this tunnel and was shot. Let the record show that my photographs were invaluable to the process. There is no record, is there? This is pawnshop. Like the one in your first book when Doctor Reichs and Agent Andy removed their clothes in the two-man submarine. The pulverized acromion is the important part of that book. I like the sub. I can hardly wait to see what you three are looking for. Come on. You've got to be kidding me. - You own an gun? - Of course. It's a pawnshop. Never had to use it. I'd wave it around, but... Why is he allowed to carry a gun after he was arrested? Mistake. I accidentally put it in my pocket,when left work. Can we see the gun, please? It's just right over here. Really easy there, pal. Don't want any sudden movements. No mistakes. That's it. That's very sexy. Big Andy with a gun, protecting Kathy. He's not Andy and I'm not Kathy. Plus, it's more exciting when he shoots someone with it. It is. - Impressive. He never misses. - Andy sometimes misses. Yes. See? - Sorry. - I get it. - Cops gotta be careful. - Is that a box of ammo over there? Gotcha, dirtbag! - Got me for what? - Don't write that, dirtbag. What? We got him. Officer Grant says you have quite a temper. Guy starts writing love letters to your girlfriend, then she dumps you for him? He's gonna get a pop. It's practically the law. So you punch him in the nose, that's fine. Then you find out that it wasn't Colin who wrote the letters. What? - He admitted it. - No, no, no. He hired someone else. You find that out and you shoot him. Who? The guy whowrote them. Wait. So she dumped me for another guy? No, for Colin. I'm confused. The point of all of this is that we have your fancy blue bullets the gun, and where you shot. I never shot my gun. I told you already. I might wave it around from time to time if some bad-looking dude comes in my joint, but I never shot it. And plus, I'm sure you figured out that those bullets don't fit in that gun. Guy could have two guns? Who are you saying I killed again? If you have nothing to hide, why don't you just show me the gun that uses these fancy blue bullets? Let the record show that the suspect acted very suspiciously when I asked him to produce the weapon. Wait! Okay. I gave the gun to somebody. Who? She said I was a stiff sometimes. All right? Boring, I guess. And she wanted me to be a little romantic. I gave her the gun that brought us together in the first place. - Officer Grant? - Yeah. Got it engraved, and I gave it to her for Valentine's Day. So, now, are you gonna inform the record on what to show on that? There's nobody in there. Thanks for coming in. Can I have your sidearm, please? What's this about? We got a warrant to search your apartment. Will you have a seat, please? We found Eddie's gun. It says, "You can arrest me anytime. Eddie." You're a law enforcement professional. Why would you keep the murder weapon? I am a law enforcement professional, and if you had any evidence that wasn't circumstantial, you would arrest me. So, I guess I will be leaving. It's been a pleasure. Hold on... for one second, please. We also have a warrant for your shoes. My shoes? What's that? Leather we found with the victim's tissue. Inside a rat. If we can match this leather to your shoes, it'll show that you were there when the victim died. Will you please remove your shoes, Officer Grant? Eddie was a good guy. I just wanted a little romance, but those letters were a lie. I should have been happy with him. I should have been happy with what I had. Thank you very much. I have a big article to write. I hope you would stress important things in my novels. I've learned very much. You learned that rat excrement can provide not only a time line, but also, very important non-circumstantial evidence. I also learned that people should not take credit for what other people write. What is that supposed to mean? I mean the man who was murdered, of course. "Unseen, I feel your spirit as we work. The scent of your hair. The accidental brush of your skin. I hear your heart beating. Mine beating with yours as one. I breathe when you breathe, breath to breath, heartbeat to heartbeat..." You believe Martin wrote these letters to me? The imagery, you know, syntax, the emotion. I do. So you're saying he was in love with me? Wasn't sure whether to tell you, but... I figured that if I was him, I wouldn't want my fear to prevent you from knowing how I felt. But he never said anything. But Martin wouldn't, would he? I was married. I had children. I was happy. He could never have what he wanted. Poor Martin. - What is this? - It's your share. My share of what? My advance, plus an estimation of what you deserve for the other two books. Would you stop talking as though I know what you're talking about? I've come to realize over the past couple days that you deserve 25% of what I get for my books. Does this have to do with Hodgins and the whole sex thing on page 187? - Among other things. - So, is this Booth's idea? No. Did my own math. Booth is terrible at math. I meant the whole share thing. Booth's surprise in your involment cause me to reevaluate our arrangement. Is my math incorrect? Um, this is... this is 25%? Yes. I figure if my agent gets ten percent, you deserve more. Lancelot, there you are. Don't touch the bones. Did it look like I was going to? I wasn't. I've been trying to call you. You've been avoiding me, haven't you? Yeah. I needed to think about some things. About you and me and what I want my life to be. Is this because of the boy who didn't die of leukemia? Yeah. And you're here because you decided something? Yeah. Am I going to like what you decided? I don't know. I just want to say that I don't want to spend any more time away from you than I have to. - What? - I'm doing this wrong. When my mom died, she left me something, and my mom and dad were together for almost 60 years. They were old. They were really old when they adopted me. It's just a modest ring, but it represents 60 years of love. Will you be my wife? It would make me incredibly happy if you would be my husband. I'm sorry about everyone else, all the bad things, but that earthquake was the luckiest thing in the world for me. - You are not going to believe this. - Come in. You want a drink? I had some Chinese food in the refrigerator. - A drink. Scotch. - What am I not going to believe? Officer Grant got a lawyer. We just arrested her for murder. I believe that. Eddie got her the best defense attorney in town. That is hard to believe. He heard what she did for him, and he fall in love with her all over again. That is not rational. You know what? I still can be surprised by people. Is that good or bad? Bad? I think. Uh... I don't know. If she's convicted, even with good behavior, she'll be in prison for the next 15 years. But he said that they're soul mates, and he'll wait for however long it takes for her to get out. - Soul mates? - Soul mates. The idea of soul mates actually originated with Plato. You mean the clay that kids play with. The... - What? - You're joking. - Me, joke? No. - The ancient Greek philosopher. His theory was that humans originally consisted of four arms, four legs and two faces. Zeus was threatened by their power and slipt them all in half, condemning us all to spend our lives trying to complete ourselves. I don't believe that's true. I agree. It's ridiculous. Right? Four arms. Four heads. - Two faces.