Angela, I'm trying to piece together a skull. You're doing a great job. So I wake up this morning and he's sitting there right, no clothes on, just his bass singing to me in this low, low voice... It was creepy. Angela, is this conversation really appropriate here? Sorry, but I'm into alive people. Anyway, Todd has a friend... I thought you said he was creepy? Todd, not the friend. Good news. I hope this is work-related. The anthropology journal is publishing our piece on the evolution of the Coronal Suture. A worthy interruption. You're supposed to bump my fist with yours. Why? I'm told it's a widely acknowledged gesture of mutual success. I love it when you two impersonate earthlings. Okay, now, this is weird. There's some guy in the lounge who asked me to give you this. Is he alive? Because that is an excellent start to a relationship. I didn't put a mirror underneath his nose or anything. He said you'd know who he was when you opened it. Okay, a guy who gets her to stop working. This I have to see. You left it at my place. Three years ago. First time I've been in Washington. Thought I should return it in person. Why didn't you tell me you were coming? What if you didn't take my call? You're a big important author now. You could come down here, you know. You can come up. Halfway. As always. I hope you don't have any expectations. Do you? Civility. I can handle that. So why are you here? George Washington university wants to talk to me about heading their anthropology department. They'd be lucky to get you. I assume they tried you first. I already had a job. This is like watching cars mate. It's gotta be Michael. Stires... her forensic anthropology professor from Northwestern. They were... Very, very close? Dr. Brennan is my forensic anthropology professor. Does that mean...? No. Seems like we should have dinner tonight. Catch up. Sounds reasonable. Hey, Bones! Whoa... okay, put it here. Easy! Bones, I got a present for you. Straight out of an illegal ravine on a dump in Fairfax. See, our forensic people confirmed it was human matter so rather than open it myself and risk being trashed by you for contaminating the evidence I decided to bring the whole refrigerator to you. All we need is a toaster oven. Bones. Body is going to be mostly decomposed. Which is my cue to leave. This is where it gets fun. All right, you can open it. All right. Ooh... okay. Uh... he or she? She. Late teens... early 20s. I'm guessing she's been in the refrigerator for a year. Is there enough insect activity to help us be more precise? There's always enough insect activity. Remove and clean the bones, Zack. Michael, you can pick me up at 7:30. I'll give you my address. Beautiful lab. Thanks. Old friend? Old teacher. Yeah, they're actually going to eat dinner after seeing this? Well, I hope it's not soup. If she was his student and I'm her student, then it follows... Ain't gonna happen, Zack-O. Not in this universe. Here's a sketch of the victim. Her skull was intact, so it made it easy to work with. I just got her dental records. Name: Maggie Schilling, 19. Then I guess you don't need this. She was a dancer. Bone markers in her metatarsals. To go from the freedom of dance to being crammed into a refrigerator... I  hope she was already dead when they shut the door. He's hotter than you said. Michael? Any other ex-lovers come knocking on your door today? The "ex" in ex-lover is not a variable. It's a constant, like the speed of light. Save  your dirty talk for the hunky professor. I can assure you our relationship is purely platonic. What we share is a love of science. Neither of us has the time or inclination for emotional complications. Sounds very reasonable. Yes. I've got to get this data together for Booth. Sure. Have a good dinner tonight. Maggie Schilling went missing 11 months ago. Parents got a ransom note demanding a million dollars. Negotiations, they dragged on for a couple of weeks. Then suddenly, all contact stopped. The assumption was that the kidnappers killed her. No visual physical trauma. Cause of death? Not yet. But there are stress fractures on both wrists. And we have some people running chemical analysis and toxicity screens on the effluent in the refrigerator. Okay. Call me later. I'm not working tonight. I have a dinner. What? Wow. I just assumed that the two of you would be eating off an autopsy table. Not tonight. I was being... Tomorrow's fine. Call me tomorrow. We missed our reservation. Ah, well, that's the price we pay for scientific exploration and discovery. You realize that this is just recreational, Michael. Of course. I'm just impressed that we can just pick up where we left off like no time has passed. Time is an imposed construct. Nice to know we can rely on physics. You really think you'll move here? Depends on the offer. Maybe I could get you a position at the Jeffersonian. Working for my old student. Would that be a problem? We're better when we're not vying for dominance in the same arena. I can't help it if I'm usually right. Does that mean you've closed the case on that girl in the fridge? I found some stress fractures on the wrists. Not much else. I will. Same old confident Brennan. I'm sorry; is school in session? Old habits die hard. She did fight, Michael. They kept her... tied up like an animal. But she fought. That's how she got those stress fractures because she was bound and struggling. I just... I keep seeing her face. You know how it is. Using a refrigerator to hide a body... It's kind of perfect, isn't it? Good way to remove the victim without being detected. The rubber gaskets seal in the odor. Maybe the company should use that in their ads. She's late. She's never late. You worried about her? I'm happy for her. Why? Remember that time you were late? Oh, yeah. Good morning, all. You know you can take the day off. You deserve one day. Michael wanted to take a look at our equipment. I'm going to let that one go. The guys wanted to meet him, anyway. They could learn a lot from him. You were Brennan's professor? She was 23. An adult. That's what Clinton said. You run through a lot of students? That was a long time ago, and Tempe was very advanced. More colleague than student. I'm a pretty advanced student. No offense, but, um, I'm not interested. No, I meant me and her... Oh! Burned. What have you found? X- rays reveal low bone density. And the parathyroid hormone levels are also low. There's a medical condition called hyperparathyroidism... Symptoms include muscle weakness, brittle bones, yeah I know... You may be premature with your struggle theory. I doubt that. You mean you don't want to be doubted. I  can take it. The wrist fractures could have resulted from her medical condition. Unlikely. However... Or be an unrelated cause of nontraumatic fissures. Non-traumatic? Look at these. It's something to consider. Last  thing you want to do is jump to conclusions without evidence. I know how much you want to find who did this. This seems like an appropriate moment to discuss human goop. Chemical analysis of the liver and kidney tissues reveals significant evidence of the narcotic hydromorphone. Hydromorphone? Also known as hospital heroin. In what kind of concentration? Given her probable size and weight, its fatal. Where'd you go to dinner last night? We wound up staying in. We need to know if that amount accrued over time or was delivered in one large dose. You didn't come back to the lab, did you? I made a frittata. Oh, wow! He cooks, too. Can we share him? We also need to know if the hydromorphone was administered intravenously or orally. I should get going. I'm meeting the board of the university. I'll call you after my appointment. It was nice meeting you all. What? Is it so odd for everyone to see me with a man? Print out the levels of hydromorphone you found in her system... I want you to find the overload point that could cause the stress fractures in her wrists and examine the left ilium. There seems to be some degeneration on the edge. I know it sounds terrible, but I hoped that she had just run away. That way, I could believe she was still alive. She started turning against us in high school. Did a lot of drugs. We tried to help her... sent her to rehab, therapy... Kids have a lot to contend with these days. We didn't help her, not really. We had nannies to raise her because we were so busy and we sent her to shrinks when she had problems instead of talking to her... You can't blame yourself. Environment plays a huge role in development. I'd like some pictures of Maggie so I could compare them with her remains. Pictures of her dancing would be most helpful, or swimming. How do you know she danced and swam? Some things can't be erased from the body. I'm sorry, but I need to ask you about your daughter's drug problems. Do you know what she was using? Alcohol, ecstasy, marijuana... What about the narcotic chydromorphone? Hospital heroin? Doesn't sound familiar. She had a thyroid condition. Was anything prescribed for that? Her endocrinologist might know. We have to find who did this to Maggie. We have to do this for her. Maggie's condition didn't respond to medication. I was trying to get her to agree to surgery when she disappeared. What types of medication are we talking about? Furosemide, pamidronate. I tried various calcitonins. What about hydromorphone? There are no pain issues associated with hyperparathyroidism. But I knew Maggie had a drug problem. She was definitely interested in getting some opiates from me. She  bribed my office manager for samples. I'm going to need your office manager's home address. Ex-office manager. She's going to be what you call a disgruntled employee. I didn't give Maggie Schilling those samples. She boosted them herself. Barragan just blamed me so he'd have an excuse to fire me. Why'd he fire you? Because he's a horn dog. I tried to keep things professional. You know what I mean. Dr. Barragan said that you were closer to Maggie Schilling than any other patient. You meet her parents? Yes. Then you know the poor girl was pretty much on her own. We took her in. He said that you went out together, that you took her to clubs. Well, we just felt sorry for her, you know? She was lonely, so we showed her a good time. ...Pills, vodka, weed. Mary wanted Maggie to go to meetings. You know, aa. That's very kind of you, but let's talk about your new refrigerator. Why? Mainly, I'd like to know what happened to your old one. Well, the fridge we found Maggie in is a match with the marks on the Costellos' floor. They're sadomasochistic fetishists. Yeah. Turned the basement into a "fun room". Seeking sexual gratification through the manipulation of power. Probably the oldest of fetishes, master-slave. It's all about dominance. Well, this sort of thing only comes up when the bloom goes off the rose if you know what I mean. I don't know what you mean. You know, when the regular stuff, when it gets old you need to spice it up, it's over. When the sex is good, you don't need any help. That's for sure. I'm sorry? I was agreeing. Yeah, well, don't, okay? It kind of freaks me out. I was just saying that I, myself, feel no inclination toward either pain or dominance when it comes to sex. - Are you sure? - Yeah, I'm sure. You can be very bossy. look at him, huh? Ooh! Look at him, all smiley. I'll bet he just loves these things. But these could explain the stress fractures. Her bones were brittle from the disease. Struggling would cause the cracks we saw. The handcuffs are consistent with the injuries to Maggie Schilling's wrists. Maybe she wanted to be cuffed. Do you ever think about that? Here's what I was thinking- female, dominant strapped for cash meets wealthy teenager on the outs with her parents convinces her submissive husband to hold her for ransom. Any proof, or is this story time? You feed her pills to keep her quiet the negotiations, they drag on so she dies of an overdose before an exchange can be made. You seal her up in a refrigerator dump her in a ravine and you and her honey go back to playing "tie me up" in the basement. Maggie Schilling was legally an adult. We don't deny she was in the house, even cuffed. We don't deny there was a perfectly legal sexual relationship which, by its nature, got rough. But Maggie was a willing participant. And enthusiastic. You have no evidence my clients killed her. It's weird for you, huh? Being the one that's all locked up. The way you come at me... are you threatened, or do I turn you on? Now  I'm the one who's hating psychology. If you don't have anything but those cuffs my clients will be out of here in 24 hours. I figured it out. I was right about how she got those fractures. I just don't have the time, Tempe. I have an appointment. But I thought you'd want to see. The university can wait a few minutes. It's not with them, it's with someone they want me to meet. And if we start debating evidence, I'll definitely be late. Trust me, there's nothing to debate. I can prove that Maggie Schilling was bound in fur-covered handcuffs. We found strands of matching fur embedded in her wrists in the scaphoid and the lunate. But you can't prove that she was involuntarily restrained. Oh, yes, I can. It's not a competition. No, the olympics are a competition. Ours is a struggle to the death. Want to bet dinner? Yes. If we make it to a restaurant. Hmm! Bet's on. You got ten minutes. Okay. You trained her well, doc. She's brilliant. A little cocky, though. Yeah, tell me about it. Pretty good partner, though. What you see is what you get. It's a rare quality. That's just between us, eh? Michael? Dr. Brennan found marks on the medial malleoli, both left and right. Her legs were bound. Mirror erosion patterns from the bones rubbing together over time. If this were the result of sex games the legs, they wouldn't be bound together. Well, come on, you know? Looking for a little nookie? Huh? Last thing you tie together are the legs. I'm not convinced. Brittle bones from her thyroid condition. The damage could have happened in a very short time. We also found evidence of inflammation on her right humerus and ilium. The bone abnormalities indicate pathosis from lying in one position for a long time. The only reasonable explanation is long-term bondage. Decreased bone-density could have caused the inflammation. This isn't definitive. I hear there's a nice little French place near here I'd like to try. I still have five minutes. My department's still working with Polaroids. So, what do you think? Very impressive. Especially to the non-professional. You want science? Give me the estimated time of captivity. Approximately three weeks. Okay, here are your affected areas. Now, during an advanced time simulation... You're winning, right? Can I see your findings? This appears to be indisputable. The narcotic found in her system was not the result of recreational drug abuse. The inflammation would have been very painful and the pain would have increased over time. They kept upping the dose of hydromorphone until they gave her too much and she died. Those people bound and killed that girl. I yield. French restaurant? I'm more in the mood for Italian. I need to put together the evidence packet for Booth to deliver to the U.S. Attorney. I'll meet you at your place. Do you really think he can handle your success? What, because of today? We've always been competitive. I know, but he's a man and his student, a woman, has surpassed him. Michael is extremely secure, Ange. Honey, when you stuck it to him today, he was upset. It was a healthy debate between scientists. You don't know Michael. I know men, and I know what happens when two people start sleeping together. It's not like that. We're friends, colleagues, that's all. Colleagues with benefits. I don't know what that means but Michael and I are not involved. I'm sorry if that's difficult for you to understand but what we have isn't traditional. Don't talk to me about traditional, okay? I've dated circus people. You and Michael, you have something and that's okay. That's good, even. Just be honest about it. Bones? Judge is holding him without bail. The U.S. Attorney is thinking about sending you flowers. Facts are facts. Uh, bones, I have to ask. How much have you been sharing with the professor? None of your business. I mean, on the case. Oh. I bounce everything off of him. Well, you got to keep him out of it from now on. Out of it? Why? Well, you know that appointment that he had today? Yeah? He met with the Costellos' lawyer. Michael is their expert witness. It's his job to tear apart the case that you've built. How could I not be upset? Basically, you were spying on me. Spying? It's a criminal proceeding. You're required by law to disclose all your findings to the defense anyway. I'm only required to provide you with the raw facts we intend to enter into evidence. Not the process by which I arrived at those facts. I apologize. That's a nuance that escaped me. Why didn't you just tell me, Michael? Because the defense isn't required to tell the prosecution anything. In fact, it's grounds for a mistrial. Look, I've never done this before. You're the teacher in this situation. I'm the student. And a little competitive. Part of the job at the university is to be an expert witness and yes, I would like to do that job at least as well as you. But if you feel I've overstepped some boundary here... I'll back out of the case. No. But if you stay on, you have to move back to the hotel. Really? Yes. Well, would I have to do it tonight or should I order another bottle of wine? I suppose tomorrow would be soon enough. I apologize, Tempe. He's still at it? Yep. And it is fascinating. Keep an eye on him. That's not going to be a problem. Did you just give Zack and Hodgins a sign of encouragement? You know, that's the first time I've been able to look at them without imagining moe knocking their heads together. Agent Booth, you're accessing your inner squint. Tempe, you listed an avulsion fracture on the right femur. Looks minor. Do you consider this evidence? Dr. Brennan's conclusions belong to the prosecution. I have no interest in destroying your case, agent Booth. I'm just trying to get a sense of... of her interpretations of data, to which you are not privy, Dr. Stires. I understand the game the doctor is trying to play and I'm perfectly capable of dealing with him myself. I'm sure he's just thrown by findings he would have missed. This is not about you and Dr. Stires. This is about the Jeffersonian's reputation as a source of expert witnesses. Okay, I'm on my own. Oh, in the interest of fairness I am willing to share my thoughts with you. I've red-penciled a few things. You corrected my findings? Consider it an opposing opinion. My findings are based on facts, Michael, not opinion. You seem to have finished your allotted with the remains, Dr. Stires. I'd like my people to get back to work. Thank you. Bones, you okay? Why wouldn't I be? Because the nutty professor is grading your paper. What'd he give you anyway, huh? I was always happy with a "B." Well, I never got a "B" and I never will. That's my girl. Assistant U.S. Attorney Levitt jury consultant Joy Deaver, Dr. Temperance Brennan. Nice to meet you. I looked over your findings, and I think we're in good shape. Thank you. I was... But juries don't like you. Excuse me? I've seen you testify before, Dr. Brennan. You come off cold and aloof. - I want to make sure... - Cold and aloof? Try not interrupting. It makes you sound arrogant. Also, don't front-load your testimony with technical crap. This really is not the best approach. I'm a technical witness. I've testified in over 30 trials. But most of the experts you've come up against are as dry and boring as you are. Now I don't know if you've seen their expert... She's seen him, Ms. Deaver. Well, then you understand my concern. Professor Stires is open, charming, great-looking. Jury's going to love him. I love him. This isn't a personality contest. It's about data that we present to the jury. You're kidding, right? The women on the jury aren't going to be listening to a word that comes out of his mouth. They're going to be undressing him. I don't want the men on the jury to be putting more clothes on you. Wear something blue. It suggests truth. Make eye contact with the jury, and lose the clunky necklace. Mary and Scott Costello murdered Maggie Schilling. The forensic data I've compiled proves that. That should be enough. But it isn't enough. Okay, that's... that's great. We'll, uh... take that under consideration. Thanks. Why didn't she say anything about you? You can be very irritating sometimes. Bones, she's an expert just like you. She has an obvious personality disorder, but she wants to help. Just try. Okay, sure. Good. I can do it. We will show that Mary Costello lured Maggie Schilling into her home with the promise of drugs. She was not held against her will. She was, in fact, orchestrating the plot to extort money from her own parents from whom she was estranged. They bound her for weeks, the pain growing and to keep her quiet they pumped her full of drugs. Her death was the result of a self-administered overdose. After killing their captive and ruining their chances of collecting a ransom the Costellos stuffed Ms. Schilling's body into the refrigerator. Knowing they could be accused of kidnapping and murder my clients panicked and disposed of her body. While their behavior might be ill-advised they are neither kidnappers nor murderers. Pharmaceutical samples of hydromorphone were found in the Costellos' belongings. The lot numbers matched those that were in Dr. Barragan's office... When I went in the Costellos' kitchen I saw the marks from the old refrigerator on the floor. It was like these marks-they screamed at me- these people, they did it. Objection. Sustained. Just the facts, agent Booth. I'm sorry. It's just that the receipt for the new refrigerator was dated two days after the negotiations broke off with the kidnappers. You figure it out. I know. I'm sorry. Any evidence Maggie Schilling wasn't a willing participant in sexual activity involving those cuffsand other paraphernalia? Winding up in the fridge kind of tells me that she really wasn't that into it. Your honor? No direct evidence. Any evidence my clients forced Ms. Schilling to take that narcotic? I'll leave those answers for the experts. Sciarids, also known as dark winged fungus gnats went through several life cycles. Also present were acadidae and anoetidae but the most interesting find was not a bug at all but was common bread mold. All of this data led to the same conclusion: Maggie Schilling was in that refrigerator between 10 and 12 months. Even though we already had medical records and dental records from which to identify Maggie Schilling I was also asked to do a sketch based on the architecture of her skull. That's sort of what I do. Turned out pretty accurate, if I do say so myself. She was a pretty girl. That's why I drew her smiling. It... it just seemed right. I'm really sorry for what happened to her. And I hope my work helps you. The gelatinous puddle was decomposed tissue from which our lab sextracted and analyzed liver and kidney samples by mass spectrometer. The hydromorphone level in her liver was 8.4 and 6.6 in her kidney. Death occurs at 7.7 and 5.2, respectively. And the reason they would be giving the victim this narcotic? Short-term periosteal reaction on the right proximal lateral humerus was consistent with a bound individual... so to rephrase... and the placement of wrist restraints coupled with her hyperparathyroidism would account for the stress fractures on the distal anterior surface of both the radii and ulnae. Her bones broke because she was struggling to free herself? Yeah, I believe I just said that. Thank you, doctor. That will be all for now. I'd like to move for a recess with the right to recall the witness, your honor. Okay. We will meet back here in 30 minutes. She can't connect. Those killers are going to walk. It was well-reasoned. Yeah, it was very scientific. You didn't listen to a thing I said. You were like klaatu the robot up there. Would it have killed you to speak English? I wore blue. I looked at the jury. Look, for a people person, you're a little rude. At what point do the facts stop working for you? I have no problem with the facts as long as the jury can understand them. You're underestimating their intelligence. You're overestimating their ability to stay awake. When these S&M perverts walk on this, it'll be on your head. Can you believe that? What, you agree with her? Not entirely. Not entirely? So, that means partly. Well, I was perfectly clear. Didn't you think I was clear? Sometimes. And, um... sometimes you were... a little hard to follow. What are you talking about? When? When you were... talking. Listen, bones, I know you care about this case but I think you should let them see that. So I should perform? Just a little bit, yeah. I mean, do you see how I portrayed myself as a no-nonsense, tough-guy cop? You are a no-nonsense, tough-guy cop. Exactly. And I think that it wouldn't hurt if the jury saw who you really are. Well, I don't know who you think that is, Booth because this is who I really am. Just this. Oh, God, sorry. I'm okay. Are you? Sure. Well, truthfully, this whole thing is pretty awkward. Don't you think? We're just doing our job. We'll be fine. It's just they have this jury consultant- they want to turn this into a melodrama. They don't understand what a scientist is. Tempe, we're not allowed to talk about the case. I know, I'm just saying... my guy's going to freak if he sees us talking. Sure. Sorry. In my opinion, the high levels of hydromorphone are more consistent with recreational use than for pain relief. Could you explain? Well, I might not use all the technical language but I'll try to make myself understood. Objection, your honor. The witness is impugning another witness. Sustained. Continue. I'm sorry. I don't do this professionally. People who need to relieve physical pain will stop after the pain disappears. It doesn't take more than an average dose to accomplish that. Drug users are trying to bury emotional pain which means that they'll medicate until they feel nothing. This is why they have a tendency to overdose, like Maggie Schilling. That's not accurate. Sometimes intense chronic pain does not respond to medication. I'll bring that up in cross-examination. What about Dr. Brennan's claim that her pain was somehow connected to the victim being bound for a length of time? Well, the Costellos have already stipulated to the fact that they bound Ms. Schilling as part of their rather unorthodox sexual life. And Dr. Brennan agrees that Ms. Schilling had hyperpara- well, if I could simplify- a thyroid condition that could weaken her bones. No need to look for bondage scenarios. That's ridiculous. He's ignoring all the facts. With respect to my former student Dr. Brennan with findings like these I don't know why she became a forensic anthropologist. She seems to have ignored all but her preconceived notions about the case. Objection. Sustained. I apologize. Do you disagree with Dr. Brennan's data? Well, sometimes doctors can use data to confuse a very simple situation. I mean, I'm a doctor and I could hardly follow her. This case is about people, not incomprehensible technical jargon. I don't think that these people should be convicted of murder just because Dr. Brennan sounds smart. Your honor, really. The jury will disregard professor Stires' personal view of Dr. Brennan. Court will adjourn until 9:00 A.M. tomorrow. He wasn't acting as an objective expert. He was making up a story. The judge chastised him in front of the jury. That'll work for us. The hell it will. The jury loves Stires. He looks like a regular guy who's not allowed to speak the truth because the stupid rules get in the way. The rules of juris prudence aren't stupid. Dr. Brennan, you need to learn the difference between reality and perception. A trial is all about perception. Wow. You are the reason civilization is declining. Talk to her. I kind of agree with her. Thanks. I really don't agree with you I just... I don't like her. Put me back on the stand. I can rebut everything that Michael said. She can do this. I'll think about it. I've never been in this position before, Booth. I need to get back up there. All right, just let me talk to him. Trial going badly? You don't usually cram at the last minute. The jury likes Michael better than they like me. Apparently, that's a problem. Are they stupid? Compared to you, yes, they are stupid. However, compared to you, most of the world is a little stupid. You have many skills, Temperance. Not one of them includes communicating with the average person on the street. Which is exactly what juries are made of. I'm a better forensic anthropologist than Michael Stires. Which is why, two years ago, I hired you instead of him. Michael applied for this job? Yes. His credentials are better than mine. Yes. But... you are the more rational, reasoned, empirical scientist. And you care. And if he tries to convince you otherwise, tell him to go to hell. Is it safe to approach, Dr. Brennan? Don't charm, Michael. I think you're taking this too personally. You think I should be more rational? Yes. Go to hell. Look, you're not the only one with a jury consultant. The difference is, I listened to mine. He told me to create reasonable doubt, that's what I did. This one isn't about winning a pasta dinner or showing up your former student. It's about putting two people away who murdered a 19-year-old girl. Tempe, you can't personalize the work. Do you remember, in central America standing in a mass grave being guarded by soldiers? We knew that they were probably the same soldiers who killed the people we were digging up. I was just a student. I was scared, I turned to you and I asked, "what do we do?" That was a different place and a radically different context. You said, "we tell the truth. We do not flinch. " You flinched, Michael. I can't ask her that. The whole line of questioning isn't relevant. He brought it up during his testimony so legally you can reintroduce it. I don't see how it's going to change anything. Trust me, it will. Am I testifying? Only a prolonged struggle, not sexual activity would cause the tearing of the medial head of the gastrocnemius muscle on the distal portion of the bone... so, in lay terms. The muscle avulsed. She pulled a muscle. Because she was immobilized. Tied-up. Yes. These conditions have to be contextualized. The inflammation on both the ilium and... Dr. Brennan, why did you become a forensic anthropologist? I beg your pardon? There must be a reason you chose this field out of the hundreds of other careers someone of your intelligence could have chosen. Was there some emotional reason, perhaps? Objection. Relevance, your honor. I don't see how this pertains to the case. Dr. Brennan is cold, distant and alienating, your honor. Hey...! I need the jury to understand why she's so cold so that they might be willing to accept her testimony. Her personality issues aren't relevant to this case. They opened up this line of questioning, your honor. When Dr. Stires was on the stand he wondered why Dr. Brennan became a forensic anthropologist so the defense must have thought it had some relevance then. Sorry, Mr. Meredith, you did raise the issue. Overruled. You may continue, Mr. Levitt. Dr. Brennan, your parents disappeared when you were 15 and no one's ever found out what happened to them, isn't that correct? Please answer the question, Dr. Brennan. That's correct. It must be very painful. Is it fair to say that you have been trying to solve the mystery of their loss your whole life? Do I want answers? Yes. As to how that has affected my behavior which I assume is what you're trolling for I don't put much stock in psychology. Is that why you wrap yourself up in techno speak? So you won't have to feel how these victims remind you of your own parents? How I feel doesn't matter. My job doesn't depend on it. But it's informed by it. Or are you as cold and unfeeling as you seem? I see a face on every skull. I can look at their bones and tell you how they walked, where they hurt. Maggie Schilling is real to me. The pain she suffered was real. Her hip was being eaten away by infection from lying on her side. Sure, like Dr. Stires said the disease could contribute to that if you take it out of context. But you can't break Maggie Schilling down into little pieces. She was a whole person. Who fought to free herself. Her wrists were broken from struggling against the handcuffs the bones in her ankles were ground together because her feet were tied and her side, her hip and her shoulder were being eaten away by infection. And the more she struggled, the more pain she was in so they gave her those drugs to keep her quiet. They gave her so much it killed her. These facts can't be ignored or dismissed because you think I'm... boring or obnoxious. Because I don't matter. What I feel doesn't matter. Only she matters. Only Maggie. Tempe, Tempe. Tempe, I'm sorry. What can I do? Bones... Costellos are trying to cop a plea to a charge that won't mean the death penalty. They know they're going down. You had no right. There are things that are private. Yeah, maybe you're right. But you know what? This was my case, too. All right? So, nothing personal? Guilty on all counts. Yeah. So he owes you another dinner, huh? No, I won't be seeing him anymore. Sorry. I was foolish to be so open with him. It was irrational. You know how you get when you're tired. Yeah. You want to go out, grab a drink? I think I just want to work. Okay. Hey, Bones. What is it? I'm not feeling very forgiving. Yeah, I know. But we have a case. Victim is an adult male, 35 to 40 years old. From the pattern of the burning I'd say an accelerant was used. Could you hand me my bag? Yeah. Sure. Hey, listen, you want my coat or something? It's cold up here. If I did, I'd ask for it. Yeah. Sorry. And, um... I'm sorry.