me, and I really have to get out. It's just that this book is so exciting. Do you like mysteries? Well,I'm,I'm an FBI agent, so mysteries are sort of my thing. Oh,I'm an aficionado myself. I'm here with Nadine. She's plotting the perfect murder for years now, but just for fun. Right,you can tell me all about it later. I've really got to get out. I've got to go. Oh,right. When you've got to go, you've got to go. Yeah. sorry. how old are you? Come on, we're at 36,000 feet. That's outside the three-mile limit. This is American soil until we touch down in Shanghai. All right? So,come on, hand them over. Eli,what are you doing now? You know your mother isn't feeling well. Is he bothering you? No,we were just talking. That's all. You can sleep,Dad. It's all good. - What? Booth? - Wow,look at this. I don't even get a hot meal, and you get pajamas and slippers. The basic amenities. The flight is over 13 hours. Yeah,I know. I spent the past eight of them back there in Gitmo. Yes! You know,you aren't allowed up here. What? We're a... we're a team. Okay? This is,uh, government business. You shouldn't have paid for your own ticket,you know. Ooh,a massager. Buzz,buzz. Sir,you need to return to coach. See,we're,um, we're partners; we like being together. Your sexual relationship's not relevant,sir. This is first class. Why does everyone else think we have a sexual relationship? I mean,we barely ever even touch each other. Oh,I got it. All right,here we go. FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth. This here's my partner, Dr. Temperance Brennan,and,uh, she is actually going to China. We're going to China, and she's going to help the Chinese government help identify some real,old Chinese dude. Bones were found in a Wuhan cave, over 40,000 years old. According to Title 18, section 1831, I must protect the proprietary American technology Dr. Brennan will be using. So it is my patriotic duty to be right next to her-- here-- like a bodyguard. This trip is taking me back to my real passion: prehistoric anthropological discoveries. Fascinating. Sir... You have to go back to your seat. Sorry. - Right now. - Right. Bones. Bones-- what do you mean your "real passion"? I thought us working together was your real passion. You two can take up this fight again after we land. - All right. - Watch your head. - You okay? - Yeah,I'm fine. Kicking me back to the cattle class. You know, that's not right. Enjoy your flight,sir. So,the cat's away and it's TGIF,huh? I'm right here. I'm the cat. Well,in this case,I think Dr. Brennan is the cat. I'm the cat who's giving the mice the rest of the day off. Hey,so, Daisy and I were wondering if anyone would like to join us for a little competitive karaoke this evening. Some pre-weekend fun? I'm singing "Lime in the Coconut." Sorry,I'm going to be biking the Virginia Creeper Trail. Roxie and I are going to an artists' retreat in Pond View. And I'm driving Angela to the train station. - You are? - Yes,I am. - Ready to go,Angie? - Yeah,I'm all set. I haven't been to one of these retreats since we were in school. Well,I'll see you all on Monday. Have a good weekend. What do you think? What do you think? Oh,don't, don't do that whole answer a question with a question thing. Why does whatever's going on between Roxie and Angela matter to you? Because Angela and I were engaged, and now she's with a woman. It matters because... What? It just matters. Well,don't you feel that both of you are entitled to your own private lives? Stop asking me questions. Do you feel threatened? Okay,that's it. I'm out of here. I... You know,a little karaoke might help you unwind. Especially when I'm singing. I've got a beautiful tenor. Excuse me. You should have your prostate checked. Oh,this damn thing. Bones? Bones? - You're going to get in trouble. - She's downstairs. You didn't answer me before. Are you tired of working with me? No,it's not that. But the identification and analysis of ancient remains-- that's why I became a forensic anthropologist. You're bored. The spark is gone. I'm a scientist first. Right. Yeah. "Scientist first," I... I-I get it. I understand. Yeah? If you get caught up here, does that make me an accessory? An accessory to an upgrade. Ho-ho,yeah! Oh,my God, that is heaven. Bones,down there. Oh,my God. That's a,uh... that's a body,right? -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ&µ°¸â¸â</font> Bones Season04 Episode10 The Passenger in the Oven</font> Can you account for all your people, Captain Blake? Me and the copilot,yeah. Cabin crew,you'd have to ask Miss McNutt. She isn't speaking. Bones,not everyone brushes off these horrible experiences. Okay,let me-- let me try this,okay? What's your name? What's your first name? Katherine. Kate. Kate. Okay,Kate, what you saw down there you don't ever have to see again. Are you missing any people? I can still smell... It's very much like roast pork. Bones. Just want you to relax. Have a little water. We might need your help. Need her help? For what? We fly to China and call the cops. No,no,no. You're going to have to turn this puppy around. - We're going to head back home. - No can do. We passed the point of no return fuel-wise 23 minutes ago. The polar route takes us over Greenland. Can we land there to refuel? Not with the weather they're having. I'm sorry,but our next stop is Shanghai,China. Don't worry. They have cops there. Lots of them. Until these wheels touch down, this plane is sovereign U.S.territory. Look,FBI guy, you do whatever you want as long as it doesn't endanger this flight. But,in four hours,we're on sovereign Chinese territory. Excuse me. Before you become completely catatonic... can you tell me how to access the Internet? I need to contact my people. Bones,you don't have to shout. She's in shock, not deaf. What? What? Are you kidding? Because the message I got, that could not be correct. I'd rather brief everyone at once. What's going on? Is that what you really look like? Cam said an emergency. I didn't have time to... I think maybe your message was garbled. I'd rather brief everyone at once. There was a murder on Brennan's plane to China? Good. We're all here. What are you? Like,16? I love these shorts. A body was found roasted beyond recognition in a large convection microwave oven on Booth and Brennan's flight to China. - *** - Yeah,I'm gonna. Okay. Call me when you catch the bad guy. And I'm here because... You are on my speed dial. - Okay. - Okay. Uh,Dr. Saroyan? Two people,they,uh... they go away together, and they pack one bag. That... that means something,right? You mean Angela and Roxie. Well... Yeah,it means something. Excuse me. What's going on? Listen. Would you happen to have a measuring tape and tweezers? There's been a murder! - Nadine. Nadine. - No! They need tweezers for an autopsy. - Code Red! Code Red! - No. No Code Red. Don't wake Nadine up. I will explain everything to you later, I promise,Charlotte. I just need these things. Do you have them? I didn't hear a gunshot, so it must have been a knifing. I saw Dr. Temperance Brennan, the mystery writer, in first class. I bet she's doing the autopsy. Listen,I was awake the whole time, and anyone who went that way, they came back again. So if the victim is a passenger, he or she is in first class. Probably she,because most murder victims are women. Wow,you really are into murder, aren't you? Thanks. Wait. Dr. Brennan will need this. What's that for? It's a probe. This is the best flight I've ever been on. Okay,sweetie, we've got a solid link here, audiovisual, so you should be able to beam us all the digital photographs. Okay,we've isolated the crime scene,and we'll try to compromise the forensics as little as possible. Look what I got. Oh,a probe! That's great. I didn't think of that. Yeah,lucky I did. Hey,Booth. Good flight so far? Yeah. I'm having trouble sleeping. Looks like you managed to get the remains out of the oven. Yeah,they're,uh, they're kind of,uh... Well,they-they-they've fallen apart a little bit there. Hey,Bones, did you knock the phone off this cradle? No. I've informed the FAA, the NTSB and the Chinese that we have a dead body on board. Yeah,who has access to the galley down there? All of us. It's kind of our getaway place. To chill out from passengers. Who's the last person who made a call from the satellite phone down there? I can get you the number called. I-It was me. You? Uh,what are you, a spy or a smuggler? No. She's in love, Agent Booth. And her boyfriend works for this airline at the Shanghai Airport. It's against the rules. So is having sex with passengers in the bathroom. Okay,I think we're all under a lot of stress here. I used the phone right after dinner. There was no dead body cooking in the microwave. Tell you what,why don't you two go do a seat count? Tell me what passengers are missing,okay? A macro photo of the victim's follicle suggests brown hair, maybe red. I estimate her height to be 157 centimeters. Hodgins has that meerkat look on his face. What's going on with her fingernails? Are you referring to the spots around the phalanges? What would cause those kinds of burns? False fingernails. ABS plastic and ethyl cyanoacrylate glue. Like torches. So a petite, brown- or red-haired woman with fake nails. Five-foot-two,three, small,brown,uh,red hair, fake nails. Fake nails. Seat 3-B,Elizabeth Jones. 3-B. 3-B. 3-B. Buddy. Buddy. Buddy. Wake up. Excuse me. I'm sorry to bother you. But do you remember the person who was sitting right here next to you? No. I took a sleeping pill. Are we in China? Wait a second, you spend seven grand on a flight and you sleep through the whole thing? You don't even eat first? - Excuse me,Agent Booth. - Yeah. I'm Arthur Bilbrey. My wife Ann is very ill. I'd appreciate it if she could get some rest before we landed. I'll be fine. Relax. You better be really quiet,or... I'll take you down,FBI! Eli. Please. This is my son,Eli. I got your back,Mom. You got a name? Yeah,Elizabeth Jones. Seat 3-B,first class. The sooner you can get us a background... check, uh,the better for us. Well,now,that's just strange. Um,let me,uh, let make a call and get back to you. Angela and Hodgins noticed a shadow on the exposed part of the sternum. Yes,I saw that. I... There is something here, but I-I,I can't identify it. Angela suggested that you take as many photos as possible at your highest resolution. All right. It's not bone. It's inorganic. This quick enough for you? Your victim is Elizabeth Joy Jones. She's a travel writer for D.C.Voyager magazine. Well,you got to get over to that magazine. Why? They might know why she got murdered. You got this backwards,cherie. I am not an investigator. Neither am I,and here I am taking apart another murder victim. Look,just go talk to the boss, the secretary,pretend they're on the stand. Take Sweets with you. If you want me to do this, you have to make a good case. Want you to do what? If you want me to take on the Chinese government, the State Department,the FAA and the NTSB, and for all I know,the U.N., ********** Bones,can you turn her around so she's not looking at us? She's deceased,Booth. She can't see. Oh,man. I am definitely not a Squint. Well,I've always known that. You have no training in the field of forensic science. Really don't want any. Okay,to make an arrest, we need time and cause of death, as well as something... that can ID the killer. What do you need? - Magnifying lens. - Okay. Right. Sorry. Look,I,uh,I need a magnifying glass. I thought you might have one, you know,for the fine print. My eyes are perfect. Is the magnifying glass for examining the victim's corpse? You don't think that,uh, Nadine would mind if I,uh... She'd be thrilled, if she were awake. She sleeps like a log. Now,what equipment would Dr. Brennan normally use in this situation? I don't know. I'm more of a people person. I'm using interpolation software with a blending edge algorithm. Kind of like what I'd do if I were restoring a painting. So did Roxie go to the retreat without you? Uh,no. We're gonna do something here. Right. Don't say it like that. Like what? I know. Sorry. What do you think? Candle wax? Well,judging by the burn characteristics, some kind of thermoplastic. But what is that? - Like something reflective. - Yeah. I'll get the computer to find all the pixels that are within a couple shades on the color wheel. Cool. And just zap it to my computer. Yeah. Bones... All right. What I want you to do is take off your glasses, shake out your hair and say, "Mr. Booth,do you know what the penalty is for an overdue book?" Why? Never mind. This notch mark here on the occipital is what knocked her unconscious. The hairline fractures weakened the integrity of the cranium and caused it to burst when heated. So she was hit. With what? - I'll have to take an impression to find out. - How? I need denture cream. And,uh... - baby powder. - Baby powder. And a butane lighter, please. Is that it? Uh,I think so. Yes. Sorry,dear,but these are my real choppers. And Nadine's are real,too. Is Dr. Brennan making a cast of an injury? That's what she'd do in her books. Hit the lights. Ladies and gentleman, sorry to disturb you, but Agent Booth of the FBI would like to address you. Attention,everyone,I need to requisition some denture cream, baby powder and a butane lighter. Lighters are strictly forbidden on the aircraft. So is murder. - Denture cream? - Here,sonny. There you go. Okay,how about some,uh, baby powder,face powder? Anybody have any baby powder, face powder? - Anybody have any baby powder? - There. Great. Okay. How about a lighter? Butane lighter. Come on, no one has a lighter? - I confiscated it. - Obviously. This is good. The powder contains hydrated silica and calcium carbonate. Come on,isn't this a lot more fun than the Wuhan cave and the 40,000-year-old skeletons? Is this gonna work? - Should. This should... - Oh,you're- you're just, you're filling me up with confidence right now. There. Now all we need to do is find the item that matches this and we have our weapon. Right. That's all,huh? Well,at least we know it's on the airplane. Any luck with cause of death? Yeah,someone knocked her on the head and it exploded on the cranium thing. We're looking at the margins of the burned flesh around the rectus abdominis. I just like the occlusive nature of tissue. Well,just think of it as bone wrapping. From the photos, it looks as if there's a pinkish coloration,is that correct? "Pinkish" is a subjective term and I'm not comfortable applying a subjective evaluation to evidence that's not even... It's pinkish and gross... ish. Okay,that indicates presence of blood flow at the time she was cooked. She was still alive in the microwave? How long was she in there? Since the oven temp was set at maximum, and she was approximately 110 pounds. Can you describe the breast tissue? I'm not sure how to qualify what I see in descriptive terms. If she was a turkey, she would be dry and overdone. Okay,that means she had to be cooking for about six-and-a-half hours. Giving us time of death. If I were you,I'd get some tissue samples. Sometimes flesh can be quite informative. Bones... I think we got a match. Someone slammed her head against the latch. And shoved her in the oven and cooked her. Sick. Are you sure it was Elizabeth? Of course,they'll have to do a DNA or dental match when they land, but they're pretty sure,yes. Man,I can't believe she's gone. Elizabeth was one of the best travel writers in the country. How would you characterize her relationships with others? Uh,warm,friendly,outgoing-- not an enemy in the world. Jump in any time,Dr. Sweets. No,no,I'm cool. Well,as long as you're cool. Was Miss Jones on assignment? No,no,this was a pleasure trip. She had just finished a piece for us on airline safety. Ironic. It was an expose on pilots that have hid drunk driving convictions from their employers. Bones,what is that? Oh,tissue samples. Oh,no,don't... don't let people see that. I need vodka. Yeah,well,I do,too,Bones,but you know what?We're working. No,to preserve the tissue samples. All they got left is bourbon and scotch. Hold on. Come on. What? Okay,hand it over.Hand the vodka over.Come on. Thought so. Look,obviously,your mom is sick and you love her, and it's probably why you're acting badly, but what you gotta do is you gotta think-- really think-- how to help her. She's gonna die,okay? What am I supposed to do about that? Make her proud of you. - Yeah? - I just got a copy of Elizabeth Jones' next article. It's about pilots with DUI convictions. All right,is there a link to anything on this flight? I have a search team looking for her research, but I do know the airline you're on is singled out as the worst offender. And the pilot on your plane there? He's got a past. He's in the article. **** You do realize that by sending my copilot out,you broke about 40 laws,legal-wise. Yeah,well,I thought we might have a-- whoa! a private man-to-man conversation. about Elizabeth Jones. The name does not ring a bell. So is this how you slow this plane down? Please,don't touch that. Don't touch anything. Elizabeth Jones was a journalist. - I do not know her. - She knows you. She wrote an article about alcohol and pilots. And what's that got to do with me? 2002 DUI,you never reported that to the FAA. You know,that is a $250,000 fine and five years in jail. That DUI charge,it was the day of my dad's funeral. I know it's not stylish,but I happen to love my old man. Well,it's still a motive,legalwise. I did not kill her. I didn't even know she existed. - I need you to slow this plane down. - Why? Well,to give us time to find out who did, unless it wassyou and in that case,time,it doesn't matter. I can report electrical issues,maybe give you an extra hour. All right,I'll take that as a sign of cooperation,Captain. It's a beautiful view.Look at that. How long do I have to stay here? I was interested in some of the things you were saying earlier. Hey,I answered every question the scary woman asked me. Yeah,well,the thing is,she's a lawyer,so she's very direct. - Scary. - She has a knack for putting people into federal prison. I believe she likes to do it. I have a more psychological mojo. You don't look like you have a mojo. I'm interested in what you know about Elizabeth Jones' personal life. I did not have sex with that woman. But you wanted to. Yeah,but I didn't. - Was she the type to have affairs? - Yes. Have you got a name? I could go get Ms.Julian again,if you you're more comfortable with her. - Artie.All I know is "Artie." - Artie,okay. Well,let's talk about Elizabeth and Artie. Now,how resentful were you that Elizabeth slept with him and not with you? Well,he's married,I'm not,so,yeah,maybe I'm a little resentful. It's a Band-Aid. Oh,yeah,thanks. I was totally flummoxed. So the clean part here must be where it overlapped, and the darker part must be where it came in contact with the skin. I'm not an expert,but I'm pretty sure even you can't get a DNA result from a digital photograph. No,but what about a finger size? Right.That's kind of brilliant. 82 millimeters in circumference. All right,well... Mine's 62,so it's a pretty big guy. Or overweight. Look at the perforations,vertical stretching along the pad. I see it,but I have no idea what it means. It was locked in a bent position. Oh,that would explain the creases. So if I highlight the parts where the adhesive wore off, it was bent more than 90 degrees. I really love... working with you. Me,too. We're really good together... at these things. Yeah. Gotta ask you something,Angela. Yeah,I got that from the fast double-back. This thing with Roxie... It's real,yeah. No,I get that. I see that. Is that what got between us? I'd love to say yes to that,because I think it would make you feel better. But you can fall in love with a man? I'm sorry,but... yes. Ange? Sweetie,God,totally forgot you were there. I guess you heard everything,huh? Yes,it was fascinating. Well,what do you think? Well,the only joint that will bend over 90 degrees is between the proximal and intermediate phalanges. Right. Finger stuff. We're looking for a large person,probably male,with inflammatory flexor tenosynovitis. That's great,sweetie,but what about the rest of the conversation? Oh,I'm sorry,Ange,I wasn't paying attention. I need to go find a passenger with trigger finger. Thanks for the talk. Excuse me,if I could have your attention,please. My name is Dr. Temperance Brennan. The writer? Yes.What we need to do now is find a passenger with a laceration on their locked proximal interphalangeal joint, so if everyone can look at their neighbor's proximal interpha... I tell you what,who would like a free signed copy of Dr. Brennan's new book? Raise your hands.Look at that,huh? All right,so keep your hands up nice and high so Dr. Brennan can count the number of books we need. Hey,does anyone have a... a question for Dr. Brennan? Are you working on anything right now,Dr. Brennan? Yes.Keep your hands up. What is that delicious smell? Roast pork. Oh,no,that delicious smell is the difference between first class and coach. How we doing there,Bones? Booth... - Hold that. - Over here. Hi. - Booth? - Yeah. What's your name? Just sign it to "Awesome Nick Devito." What is the big deal? I just got a little trigger finger. I injured my tendon. You like shooting a lot? Yeah,I love shooting. Doesn't mean I'm not a reader. Okay,tell you what,come with us? I don't know anybody named Elizabeth Jones,no. Hey,Sweets,are you still with Elizabeth Jones' editor? Yes,and I have...Okay,ask him if he knows someone by the name of Nick Devito. Is this like a question to get my free book? Where's your Band-Aid? Do you know Nick Devito? It must've come off while I was asleep. I twitch...I'm twitchy. I had lunch once with Danny Devito. He says no. I have information. Elizabeth Jones was having an affair with a man known only as "Artie." The relationship's been going on for over a year, but it went bad in the last month or so. He's married.His wife is sick and his kid is a pain in the ass. You know what,Sweets?You're the man of the hour. I owe you a beer and a rye chaser,my friend. That sounds like it would make me sick. You can go back to your seat. Why? Well,we have a much better suspect. I think you know why I'm here. Look,I'm sorry about my son--he's a teenager. His mother's very ill. It's not about your son,Artie. It's about Elizabeth Jones. My wife doesn't know about E.J. I would like to keep it that way. Did Elizabeth Jones ask you to leave your wife? From the very beginning,I told Elizabeth that would never happen. You see the shape that Ann's in? My first priority right now is to be a good husband and a good father. By dragging a dying woman to China? No,to stand on the Great Wall of China has been Ann's dream since she was a little girl. Our last chance to do something amazing as a family together. So Elizabeth Jones followed you? Obviously. And you killed her. Of course not. Excuse me. I am a lawyer. Your wife didn't know about her? She knows that there was someone. Did you talk to Elizabeth? Yes.I begged her to leave us alone. Ann was asleep. As I said,Agent Booth,I'm an attorney. You have no evidence and very little time before we land in Shanghai. If you want to find out who killed E.J. I suggest you not waste any more time on me. I enhanced the photographs of the sternum. Light was reflected off of this area here. Skin wouldn't do that. There were tiny metal shards embedded in the bone. And silicon melted into it as well. Fake boobs?How does that help? Silicon,not silicone. It was a chip of some kind-- a SIM card from a phone,memory chip from a camera. But we need to see it to make a positive I.D. How did it go with Bilbrey? He's an attorney-- he's not saying much of anything. And the gun nut,Devito? Most likely,his Band-Aid was stuck to the wheel of a food cart. Find me the smoking gun,cherie,or that killer disappears into a billion people when you land. 129 billion. Approximately.Are you pressuring us? Have a lovely flight. I was just contacted by Shanghai International. They've arrested a man named Felix Clossen,a Dutch national who works for the airline. He was passing stolen credit card numbers. That's fascinating,but we're more interested in solving a murder investigation right now. All the credit card numbers were from passengers on this plane. And Clossen is our flight attendant's boyfriend. Ming. Your call to Clossen was made within minutes of the victim being placed in the oven. - Minutes. - I got the credit card numbers off the computer and called them in to my boyfriend. And Elizabeth Jones caught you? Yes. I mean,no. Well,which one is it? I didn't know who it was. I heard them coming and figured it was Kate,so I hid in the aeronautics compartment. I couldn't hear because of the engine noise in the compartment. All I could see was their feet. Well,male or female? Uh,what kind of shoes? They were wearing slippers,the ones we give out in first class. They're all the same. They walked by me,and I ran upstairs. I didn't kill anyone. Whoever killed her has to have traces of blood on their slippers. That could cause the gun to smoke for Caroline. Look,Bones,you're gonna need an ALS light. Not even those dotty old mystery buffs carry that in their giant purses. We can make one. - How are you gonna make one?  - I hope you can do it fast--we're gonna be landing very soon. No,no-- you're not landing this plane until I tell you you land this plane,okay? Remember,you're still a suspect. It's not about me or you-- Okay,Booth,we need the blue lamp out of the overhead projector. Do you,by any chance,have any yellow-tinted shooting glasses? Sure.What do you need-- daylight,artificial light or,uh,moonlight? Let's see. These will do. Thanks. This is brilliant-- they're making an ALS emitter. What's that for? To find blood. Ready? - Got 'em. - Hit the lights. Easy,Bones. Do you see anything? No. No. Nothing. What about over here? - Right there. - Mm-mm,nothing. Oh,geez. - Booth. - Yeah? Over there. You got something? Yes,there. Are you sure? Yes,Booth. Turn the lights on. What is going on,please? Your son killed Elizabeth Jones. Hey,how long till we land? We're on our final descent. Eli?That's impossible. Oh,why?You can't think of a motive,like maybe he loves his mother? He wants to keep his family together? You probably just think he's some dumb-ass kid. I beg your pardon? Hey,listen,Caroline,I'm ready to make an arrest. You're more than sure,right,cherie,you're damn sure? Well,it's circumstantial,but it's compelling. - So,do you have a warrant to sign? - Yes. Well,sign it so I can make the arrest. Just a minute,please. That's the lawyer,right? You can always tell a damn lawyer. I represent my son,who is also a minor,incidentally. Minor? A minor murderer. Ladies and gentlemen,we are making our final descent into Shanghai International Airport. Please return your seats to the upright position and turn off all electronic devices. Booth,you're cutting it pretty close there. Yeah,I know. What's going on? We know you killed Elizabeth Jones. Probably why you wanted to get so drunk,huh,Eli? Don't say a word,Eli,not a word. You're making this arrest on the strength of blood stains on the bottom of a slipper that could belong to anyone in first class. - Booth? - Okay,motive: the father was cheating on the dying wife with the victim. Arthur... You thought the family was safe by getting away from the woman. Booth,we're really close to the ground. She shows up on the plane infirst class. Not a word,Eli. Booth,I can see people. We have less than 30 seconds. Booth! Caroline,you gotta trust me on this. Make the case,Agent Booth-- something more than motive. - Bones...Yeah? - Booth??? If this missing video game turns out to be the computer chip embedded in the victim's sternum... Where'd you lose the cartridge,Eli? We got forensic corroboration. "If"!She said "if"! The moment this plane Sign it! touches down,I lose jurisdiction. This better be a good... Sign the warrant. Please. Okay,make the arrest. Eli Bilbrey,I am placing you under arrest for the murder of Elizabeth Jones. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law, because this is the United States of America. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bones,the applause is for the landing. Yes.I always wondered why people did that. Did you catch the murderer? Yep. That's great. It's not great? He was 16. Dying mom,cheating father. He just wanted to make it stop. I'm sorry. That counts as a crappy day. You should probably just go home and draw a bath. I want you to come with me and stay. Of course I'll stay. I mean,I-I want you to... move in with me. - That isn't just because you've had a bad day,right?Because... - No.It isn't. You've never done that before,asked someone to move in with you? No. You've... lived with people at their place. With my bag packed by the front door,yeah. Why aren't you saying anything? Right. Because you're gonna say no. Yeah,I am. I'm saying,"No,thanks." Why? It's too soon. You aren't ready. I'm not ready either. Let's just see how things unfold,okay? Okay. What? I'm always the one to say that. Look what I found,huh? There's that smile. Thank you. We don't even get to get off the plane? No.They're refueling and finding us another pilot,and... go back home. What about his parents? They gotta fly back on their own dime. Eli is in Federal custody now. You want to get off the plane to see those old Chinese bones. I'm sorry. It's not your fault. Yeah,it is.'Cause I'm the one who dragged you out of pure science and... pulled you into murder-solving. That's not how I remember it. Really? Yes.Well,as I recall,I had to force you to take me into the field. Really? Yes. You didn't want to,remember? This is all my fault. are you two gonna make out? Hey,quiet-- you lost your right to talk. Why do people always think we're gonna make out? I say we let him sit back there the entire trip back by himself. He did kill someone. And he ruined my dig. Plus,you know he's gonna try to drink all the champagne. We're gonna need some for later. To us. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:ÈâÈâ&¸â¸â