What's up? Pop this wardrobe. Don't want a flare-up dragging us back out here this weekend. That's a new one on me. Order in successful societies depends upon enforcible rules. People can do the right thing left on their own. History shows otherwise. A weak government will always spawn mutiny and rebellion. You don't believe in human decency under circumstances? Not as a means of controlling a population. That would be anarchy. I have to say I agree with the pretty lady on this one. Without the strong arm of the law, we're animals. Sheriff Gus Abrams, thank you for coming out here. What caused the fire? Well, it could be arson. The fire boys say they didn't find any sign of an accelerant. The source of the flame looks like a lit candle. Was someone killed? Well, that's why we asked for you people. Is that real, Bones? - Yes. - I was hoping "no." The bones were already dry and de-fleshed prior to the fire. The victim was elderly, female. Wait, you usually don't say "oh." - It was an indication of my surprise. - Well, I know that, but why? - The bones have been re-articulated. - Is that bad? The skeleton has been reassembled, quite amateurishly. See how the right ulna has been placed with the left radius? Yeah, shoddy. That's shoddy work. Hodgins noticed that there's a path all the way around the house And Angela noticed that it was a circle. Looks like it acted as a firebreak. Also dusted with some fine powder. Those are crows. You city people may not be familiar. Crows are carrion birds, Sheriff. They scavenge for fresh kill. When she starts flapping her elbows like that, she's hot on the trail for something. Well, I don't want to think about what she's after. - Don't say it. - I've got to. "We aren't in Kansas anymore." I don't like it when dead things move. Did you see that? It was moving there. Who do you want to start with? The Wicked Witch of the East over here? East, right? Right, she wore the red shoes. We should start with the more recent remains. Which are sealed up. What is it with this job and corpses encased in mystery wrap? Dr. Hodgins says it's most likely polystyrene ceiling insulation that melted and coated the body. Could he explain the sparkle? Fluorescent bulbs exploded afterward, shattering over the polystyrene. Perhaps you and Dr. Hodgins can find a way to unseal the remains. Let me see if I can get in here. Wire ligatures around the wrists indicate foul play. No evidence of smoke inhalation. She was dead before the fire. Now... that one is just weird. These bones were found in a sealed wardrobe. It preserved her in fire. Female, also Caucasian. 40 to 50 years old. There's evidence of spinal kyphosis, which would have given her a hunched posture. This stain, here on the forehead, is the result of contact with copper. I've seen this before in disinterred bodies because of the copper hardware on coffins. So, somebody robbed a grave, strung together a skeleton and stuck it in a wedding dress? - That's a reasonable conclusion. - These are greenstick fractures. Extreme force was applied to the chest. And... there's a clean-edged indentation of the spinous processes, L-2 and L-3. Thoracic crushing, combined with the puncture wound. This woman was subjected to a kind of torture that was used in the 17th century. Torture? These injuries are consistent with a form of punishment used during the Salem Witch Trials. She was a witch? Bones - Season 5 Episode 20 "The Witch in the Wardrobe" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- You know what I think? I think Cam sent us both to the crime scene because of the tension between us. "Tension"? There's no tension between us. Yeah, at first I thought it was because I'm suddenly... I don't know, available again. And... then I thought maybe it was because you think that I treated Wendell badly. Hold on. Wendell said that it was totally mutual. - He said that you were wonderful. - I'm not sure how I feel about you two discussing me. Not "discussing" you. Complimenting you. Okay, fine. No more compliments. You don't look good today. Your smile is ordinary at best, and it is not cool that we finally get to work together again in the field. Okay, that's fine. I can live with that. Yeah, this symbol is very creepy on this chimney. All right, let me see. - See? - Yeah. It could be a lot of things. What is that? The Prius helps you stay in your lane. - That's kind of cool. - It is cool. Let's do that again. - That is not cool. - I didn't even see him there. He's pretty sneaky. Pull over. I'll pour on the charm. It's Sheriff Abrams from the crime scene. Perfect. Good afternoon, sir. I observed you crossing the double-yellow. - How much have you had to drink today? - Sheriff Abrams, it's us. We just left the crime scene. We're heading up north to drop off our stuff at the lab. I know, Dr. Hodgins. I'm just following the law. Have you had anything to drink today? Listen, I really do like a man in uniform who loves his job. So, neither one of us has had anything to drink. No. Hello, Ms. Montenegro. But I'm afraid I need the driver to respond. Yeah, I've had several martinis, some absinthe and a barrel of mead. License and registration, please. He was kidding. He's just being an idiot. You, too, please. A real Salem witch? - That's awesome! - Relax. Simmer down. The strontium isotope results verify Massachusetts. - Can I see it? - What's the big deal? My first published work concerned the collective sociopathology behind the Salem Witch Trials. - I'm a leading expert. - Shrinkery meets witchery. Your head's probably about ready to explode? It's a completely acceptable arena of study, even for a psychologist. Thank you. At last, I feel validated. Most cultures believe that some sort of supernatural power can be elicited through ritual. Like, you going to church. At least I don't ride there on my broomstick. Most witches align themselves with the Wiccans, but witchcraft is an extremely heterogeneous subject which encompasses the dark arts like evil spells, sacrifices... So you're saying this creepy, old witch came from the dead to kill this victim? Of course not, but we are talking about a three-century-year-old body that was rearticulated and costumed as a virgin, are we not, Dr. Brennan? Well, given that women in those times were expected to be virgins on their wedding days, that's reasonable. I want to work on the case. What are you going to do, cast a spell? I want to see if I could find a link between the old witch and the new witch. Go for it. There's no evidence that the other as a witch. Aside from the fact that she was wearing red slippers and her feet curled up after she was dead. What? There's a completely scientific explanation for it. Cheri Byrd. That creepy house belonged to a woman by the name of Cheri Byrd, and she has a surviving brother. Are you sure it's Cheri? Dental records confirm her identity. When was the last time you spoke to her? Two, three months ago. Someone made an offer on the house. Our grandfather left it to us both. I wanted to sell. She refused. We haven't spoken since. You don't seem too surprised that she's dead. Cheri and I used to be really close. You know, but, last ten years, she got into some really... weird stuff. Witchcraft? Started ordering us to call her Zephyra. I told her I wouldn't. Thought it was stupid. The fact that she didn't sell the house, didn't get you upset or angry? No, I didn't care about the money. I wanted her to move to the city. Thought her mind might go back to normal if she saw more people. - Who wanted to buy the house? - Guy named Mario Trivisini, Trivisonno... Making some big development. Said Cheri's place was the key. "The key," why? Lake access. When Cheri said "no", he had to give up on the whole project. You're not Hodgins. He's not here and I can't wait any longer. - Wait for what? - Dr. Brennan wants me to identify the best solvent to remove polystyrene from the bones. So I put myself in the mindset of Dr. Hodgins and came up with... this experiment. I have a new appreciation for Dr. Hodgins. This device slowly fills each polystyrene cup up with kerosene, propylene, turpentine, hydrochloric acid and... acetone. Acetone. It's not like Hodgins to be late. Can you come get me as soon as he shows up? And I think the acetone is eating through your shoes. What? I love these shoes. We live in a fascist state. If you know that, then why did you taunt the guy with the gun? You expect me to just roll over? Praying that you do, though. Here he comes. Listen, be nice, or I will cause you great pain. Have we cleared this up, Officer? Not quite. Now, the problem is that Miss Montenegro here is a criminal. I found an outstanding bench warrant on you, young lady. What? For what? For defying a notice to appear on a speeding charge. That? I didn't speed. But you did defy a bench warrant, which is worse than speeding. And Dr. Hodgins, you also have a warrant for escaping police custody during a Freedom of Information protest eight years ago. They have a right to know. But not a right to run away. Okay. All right, listen. I will appear, and Hodgins will surrender as soon as we get back. Word of honor. It's not up to me. I can't let you go until the judge rules on your warrants. When will that be? Whenever one shows up. In the meantime, I suggest you two make the best of things, the best you can. Speeding? Don't you dare. So, thanks so much for coming in there, Mr. Trivisi...? - Trivisonno. Trivisonno Properties. - Right. So, this is something new for me to be called in by the FBI. What's this all about? Yeah. I know this house. Bet you get a good deal on that now. Yeah. Why is that? You don't know where I'm going with this, pal? Maybe it was your aunt that lived there? You're thinking I want to buy the place now? No way. I learned my lesson. What do you mean by that? You see me now? You see me there? - See the difference? - Yeah. You shaved your head. I did not shave my head. Your aunt put a curse on me, and all the hairs fell off my body. All the important ones. First of all, Cheri Byrd is not my aunt. And secondly, she's dead. Here's hoping a curse loses its oomph after the voodoo lady dies. Apparently, she was murdered, so, you want to know what I'm thinking? Guy thinks he's cursed, he loses his hair, he wants her dead. No, you couldn't get me anywhere near that lady. Not to kill her, not for anything. She painted this symbol on the bricks on the chimney and inside, there was all this spooky stuff. Black candles. The day she cursed me, a dead cat was laid out on the dining room table. - You ditched the project? - A month ago. I'm a professional. You think I need it to get around an evil witch lived on the development? I know when to cut and run. Just wish I'd done it a week earlier. Hodgins isn't back yet? No, but I've made some progress. I found this. Sharp instrument trauma on the xiphoid press of the sternum. And anteriomedial aspect of ribs 1 and 4 bilaterally. She was stabbed repeatedly. Make casts to analyze the striations and kerf characteristics to determine the weapon. I also found this on the manubrium. What is it? That's a Dr. Hodgins' job. If we had him... which we don't. You haven't heard from him? He and Angela never came back. And since they used to be intimates, I decided not to push it because that's none of my concern. None at all. - It's a little icky. - It's not like them to just disappear, something could be wrong. - It's ringing. - Tell them we've got the evidence from the crime scene. They'll get us out. Yeah, hi. And Hodgins. Help! - Where are you? - <i>We're in Berryville.</i> Maryland, we're in jail. Why are you in jail? Well, it goes a little like this: Hodgins got pulled over for driving like an old lady. Yeah, and Angela had an outstanding bench warrant. You have a warrant, too, Mr. Clean. Where is the evidence you collected yesterday? - <i>It's in jail with us.</i> - <i>We're stuck here</i> until the judge shows up to set our bail and who knows when that's going to be. Well, we need that evidence. I'll tell Cam to come and get you. Okay, also... Will you tell Clark to throw a blanket over my molting swallowtail caterpillars at 4:30</i> or they will die. I'm afraid we might have to check out a little early there, pal. I hope that's okay. That sheriff out in Podunk was a decent guy. I'm sure Hodgins getting arrested for really good reason. So, I've been thinking about dead cats. That doesn't seem like a good use of your time. Witches, the bad kind, use animal sacrifices in their spells. Black cats are particularly meaningful. I told Sweets that the developer saw a dead cat on the victim's dining room table before he went bald. - What's the connection? - He thinks that she put a spell on him. - You should talk to their local coven. - Wait a second. There's a local coven? The Circle of Moonwick. You said that Wiccans were good, whereas the victim was bad. They're probably competing for the same eye of newt. No, Wiccan ceremonies honor nature and the sanctity of life above all else. - They don't use eye of newt. - Okay, tonight is their Waning Moon ceremony. Now. I logged into their Web site, using the name Lilith82. I got directions. Witches have Web sites? Gotta love the Internet. - So, witch hunt tonight? - All right. If you bring the candles, I'll bring the broomstick. This is the hardest bench that I have ever sat on in my life. Sat on? Slept on. My shoulders are killing me. Tell me about it. Come here. Why? I'll give you a little rub. You know, work out the kinks. Are you really that mad at me that you don't want a little massage? Only because I hurt. Yes, down, down. A little lower. Lower. Thank you, God. "God" is a little formal. Hodgins is fine. Looks to me like, you two are doing just fine in here. Did you spring us? These two aren't Bonnie and Clyde. Can't you let them go? Not until the judge. I'll post bail, pay the fine, whatever. We need them to solve this murder. You have the evidence. They can be reached here any time to assist. Don't you think you're being a little... rigid? You are a law enforcement professional, - are you not, madam? - Yes, but... Well, then you know the law can't be twisted to our will or chaos will ensue. Where does it end? Today, a seemingly minor bench warrant, tomorrow we overlook another piece of paper and a murderer goes free. You are like the last upright man in America. Well, I wouldn't say that. But I'm a good sheriff And I love the law. That's very impressive, Sheriff. My God, he's getting to her. I'm sure the judge will be coming soon. No, no, you're kidding, right? Sorry. It was like arguing with one of the Founding Fathers. I've got the evidence. We'll talk, okay? - My God. - No. See you guys later. Could you not walk so loudly? Don't tell me that you're afraid of witches. Wiccans, and no, but why waste an opportunity to observe them when they don't know - they're being observed? - Want to spy on witches? Wiccans. No, I want you to spy on them, while I study them anthropologically. Ground zero. Fascinating. What are they doing with that <i>Blair Witch</i> thingy? It's a miniature effigy. Okay, why is it when things like this happen, it always happens to people you don't want to see naked? Okay, so we have... Rowan and Eden, right? - Ember. - Ember. Exactly. We'll give you the names society assigned to us, but not while in the Sacred Grove. Okay, dancing naked is okay, but Christian names are forbidden. - Got it. - We weren't doing anything wrong. Why are you disrupting a religious service? You know what happened to Zephyra? Is this by any chance a totem representing her? We were marking the end of Zephyra's corporeal life. Celebrating the unification of her spirit with the elements. Why would you do that? Unless she was a member of your coven. She was not one of us. - A bad witch. - Sadly, Zephyra performed magic for profit. She was known to use human relics. Such as the body of a Salem witch? I don't know where she would get that, but that would be an immensely powerful relic, yes. So she has other clients. We're gonna have to talk to them. The dark arts are fragile, Agent Booth. Zephyra's clients employed her to do evil. Bad people getting other bad people to do bad things. What's that? Fragments of the hyoid and the throat cartilage. Some of the smaller bones were broken when the house collapsed. They're very difficult to clean. I may need to go back in with acetone. Well, it's time to multi-task. I have the evidence Angela and Hodgins gathered from the scene. I thought your intention was to bring back Hodgins and Angela. They had to wait for the judge, and you can't bend the law to help your friends. We're going to do this without them. They can coach us and consult, but, yeah, it's you and me. So you expect me to deal with dirt. Great. Close, but now I'm up 18 cents. Yeah, for now. Nice! Only 17. Do you realize how long it's been since we've spent this much time together? Outside the lab, I mean? Yeah, I know. God. I keep thinking about that crappy cabin that we stayed in in the mountains. Do you remember that? 30 degrees, there was no heat. Man, this jail is way better than that cabin. That was a good weekend, though. Keeping warm. Your lab called. This computer may not be state-of-the-art, - but we got the Internets. - Sure. Let's, throw some coal in that thing and fire it up. Cheri Byrd was a dark witch, perhaps even a Satanist. The Wiccans really seemed afraid of her. What is this? I found the transcripts of the Salem Witch Trials. I thought maybe we could identify the remains that Cheri Byrd dressed up in the wedding dress. "Prudence Sullivan, female. 48 years of age, of small stature "with back bent as though burdened by great - weight of guilt"? - "Guilt." It sort of matches Dr. Brennan's description, right? "Old, short, hunched over." Sounds like every other witch. No, no, that's a stereotype. 48 is old? Well, it was back then. I can't believe you got all this stuff. Okay, trust me, a Salem witch doesn't just show up in Maryland. Her grave was robbed for a reason. I know my witches, all right? - Sorry. - Just put it down. Relax. Slow down. Just sit. I did so... so much reading. Nice cell. It's not much, but we call it home. We're thinking of redoing the kitchen. Okay, it's amber. It melts at 400 to 700 degrees Fahrenheit... temperatures easily reached in the fire. Is that a bug? Oh, yeah, baby. Check out those tibial bristles. There's plenty of room in here, Sheriff, if you want to join us.</i> That's against regulations. You can verify with the Entomology Department, but I'm fairly certain we're looking at Nedocosia naiba. It's a fungus gnat. - Does that help with time of death? - No. This gnat would have had his last fungus about a hundred million years ago</i> in the Lower Cretaceous. So, if we remove the DNA, we could re-create dinosaurs, right? It was probably an amber pendant from an ordinary piece of jewelry. What's with the hair? - What hair? - <i>Yeah, she's right.</i> Check out the speck at 3:00 o'clock. The amber probably picked up a piece of hair when it melted in the fire.</i> But our victim's hair was gray and wavy. But this one is dark. If the root bulb's present, it could indicate that the hair was forcibly removed. So it could be from the perp. I'm sorry. Caught up in the thrill of the chase. I'll run DNA. So how are you guys doing? I mean, we'd like to get out of here, if that's what you mean.</i> I'm sure you will. Thanks, guys. The hair in the amber gave us a hit. CODIS says it belongs to one Murray Huddler, convicted of assault in 2008, paroled last October. Now this may possibly go towards motive. It certainly goes toward "creepy coincidence." "Dumped Hubby Decks Attorney." So this man was incarcerated for assaulting his ex-wife's attorney? Huddler's wife dumped him, hosed him in a divorce, then married the lawyer that represented her. But look at this. Anything look familiar to you? She's wearing this dress. Murray Huddler. You know a woman by the name of Cheri Byrd? How about a witch named Zephyra? - I'll take that as a yes. - I hired her. - Hired her for...? - To put a hex on my bitch ex-wife, okay? - Is that illegal? - Zephyra's dead. She was murdered, house torched. - You think I did it? - I don't know. Depends how much you paid for the hex. Two grand up front. Three if it took. - Did it take? - No, it did not take. I'm thinking you killed Zephyra, and in the struggle, - she yanked out some of your hair. - No, I gave her my hair for the spell. That and my ex-wife's wedding dress. Right. We found that in your truck. That's not what you think it is. I went fishing on Friday. Fishing? But you know if this blade matches the stab marks on Cheri Byrd's bones, that could spell trouble for you. Huddler's fishing knife is thin, very sharp on one edge, and has a slight curve at the tip. The blade that made these cuts is thicker, evenly tapered and sharp on both edges, like a dagger. Definitely not a match. What's this? Fragments of the hyoid and throat cartilage, damaged by a fire and crushed by a house. - The acetone didn't help. - These bones certainly resemble the hyoid and surrounding cartilage, but not all of these are human. What? Okay, is this whole witchy thing about to get creepier? This looks like part of a tiny joint.</i> I believe these bones are the incomplete skeleton of a small animal.</i> What do you think? A little outside my expertise, but they look like bat bones to me.</i> You missed that, Clark? Clark's error is completely understandable, given the condition of these remains and the bizarre nature of these circumstances. Thank you, Dr. Brennan. But I made the call on a piece-of-crap</i> cathode-ray tube while in jail. That's right: you're a criminal. Are we thinking a woman had a bat shoved down her throat? Yes, that's exactly what happened. - Thank you, Dr. Hodgins. - <i>What?</i> Another round? Really? You sure? You're down 31 cents. 32. What? Do you ever wonder what happened to us... on the day we broke up? Every day. I run through that conversation word for word. Me, too. You said, "All you had to do was trust me." And you said, "Hey, you're the one who's leaving." And then you said, "You're the one who isn't stopping me." And I left. Right. Well, I wish I hadn't. The biggest regret of my life is I didn't stop you. What was up with that? I panicked. I lost faith that I could sustain that kind of happiness. - You talk to Sweets? - Kid's got the goods. It was like we were both playing chicken, and then we... we both swerved. What we should have done is crashed right into each other. At the speed of light. The judge is here. - The judge is a barber. - Keeps me grounded. It's against the rules for prisoners to fraternize sexually while in custody. Maybe give it a rest, Gus? Let's get you two out of here. - Bat bones? - A Myotis albescens. Not indigenous to the United States, but the bones are available online. Like everything else. I'll look. So, I think I've identified our skeleton bride. - Look at that! - You identified human remains? Dr. Brennan, you said that the woman was subjected to a form of torture known as "pressing". Yes. That's how I surmised we were dealing with the remains of a Salem witch. In fact, only one Salem witch died as a result of pressing. One female witch and a 80-year-old man. You don't care about the old man Emily Quimby died November 1692. Buried in Salem in unconsecrated ground, of course, but her grave was robbed six months ago. You think the victim dug up the old witch's bones - to increase her own power? - Absolutely. This is interesting, but not pertinent to the case. - Wait for it. - Wait for it. Here it is. Upon finding Emily Quimby's grave, I researched her family tree, and there's a 16-generation remove, but... - look. - "Mary Harden Trent." Direct descendant. Why is that name familiar? Mary Harden Trent is a member of the Circle of Moonwick Coven. Her witch name is "Ember". Digging up great-grandma is not the worst motive for murder I've ever heard. what I'm doing here is releasing you two on your own recognizance. Thank you. Yes, we will pay our fines and make our court appearances. I'm sure. Gus will come after you if you don't follow the letter of the law. Let me notarize this stuff and get you on your way. Thank you. How long did he say he'd be gone? Mary Harden Trent. That is your signature, correct? Yes, though I prefer to go by "Ember". What do you say we step outside your magic forest, stay on point, okay? Our credit card records show that you purchased bat bones online. Is that true? Bat bones are an integral part of my religion. Did you shove those bat bones down her throat before or after you stabbed her? No! No, I swear upon the goddess that I'm incapable of such violence. - How tall are you? - Five-two. She may be too small to inflict the injuries that killed our victim. She may be small, but she's full of anger. There. That is your great-great something-grandmother Emily Quimby. She was a witch, too. And she didn't deserve to die. What, did you boast to Zephyra that witchism ran in your family? Then she dug up your ancestors' bones to use them in what you call "dark rites". What are you talking about? How could anyone do something like that? I had no idea. Dr. Brennan. I finally got the results back on the powder collected on the pathway - around the victim's house. - The circular path. Usually the person standing inside the circle is safe from the dark forces. In this case, oddly, everything inside the circle was destroyed. - The powder was... - Angela isn't here for a computer re-creation, so we have to make do. Please hold 1 and 4 in the proper position. Sweets, it's bilateral. Do the same. Booth believes a witch named Ember to be the killer, but the victim was a large heavily muscled woman. - Ember wasn't strong enough. - I observed her in the woods. She and the other one were standing in a circle taking turns with their ceremonial object. These stab marks... reflect a similar pattern. Now these injuries... are clustered. Five groupings of three. So a total of 15 strikes. In the same pattern as the dots on the chimney. It's a pentagram. It's an ancient Wiccan symbol that stands for solidarity, some say sisterhood. There are 15 women in the Circle of Moonwick. Ember alone wasn't the killer. The entire coven took part. They're white witches. They stand for goodness. What if they were stoned out of their minds? The powder on the path is called Secale cereale: rye flour. And it's infested with the fungus Claviceps purpurea. Formed in the ergot stage of fungal development. It's hallucinogenic. The natural substance from which LSD is derived. It was used for ceremonial purposes centuries ago in Salem. Some people think that the exact same substance was responsible for the hysteria surrounding the Witch Trials in the first place. - Those naked ladies were trippin'. - Add that to their rituals, they may have thought the demon they were slaying was real. Wiccans do not ingest any kind of consciousness-altering drugs. - Not on purpose. - We believe you were performing a ritual meant to keep Zephyra's evil from spreading past the circle. A ritual using rye flour. We use rye flour in many ceremonies. And it has LSD fungus in it. It's what made you afraid of Zephyra. You thought that her obsession with black arts could destroy you. You also knew that she had Ember's ancestor's bones on her side. You're good witches. You're nice. You don't lie, but when you make a mistake, you want to make that mistake right, right? We were just trying to help. We wanted Zephyra to live in harmony, but she kept cursing at us and casting spells. We just wanted to restore the balance. Dearly beloved, we're gathered here today to join in holy wedded matrimony Angela Pearly Gates Montenegro and Jack Stanley Hodgins IV. There's... there's one small problem. Please don't change your mind. Oh, no. That's not it. It's... that's not my real name. - How bad could it be? - Yeah, did you get mine? It's Stanley. My dad is, he's sort of unique, and, he's Texan, and... other things, so... do you mind if I just, if I whisper it to you? - That'll work. - Thank you. We are here to wed these two people. Vows? Vows. Angela... or whatever your name is... I'm your guy. Stanley... we're gonna live together and're gonna love together and we're gonna have so much fun, and a little pain, and we're gonna live a life that's gonna make other people die with jealousy wishing they were us. - Do you have rings? - Yes. Where'd you get that? I've kept this in my wallet since our first wedding. - What? - No, we didn't go through with it. - Where'd you get that? - I'll tell you later. You may exchange the rings. By the power vested in me and the state of Maryland, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may... They were good. Good people who butchered another human being. They were being attacked. They weren't in their right mind, and sometimes, people... they just get carried away. Crazy people. What is that? This was given to me by the witches. It's you, Little Bones. - No, it's not. - Yes, it is, you see? The witch said that if I burned this in your presence, then the wish I make for you will come true. You think I care, but I don't. It's just superstition. And for superstition to work, the person has to believe that he is cursed... Watch! You don't burn your fingers. Want to know what I wished for? No, it doesn't matter. Completely irrelevant. I wished... I wished that you could find happiness. I don't know what that means. Happiness, love, laughter, friendship, purpose... and a dance. Then thank you. Why is that funny? 'You wouldn't have thanked me if you didn't think that part of it was true. No, I was thanking you for your kindness, not because I believed in the outcome. - I detected relief. - No, no, you didn't. Relief that the mojo was good and not bad. Now you're just mixing up belief systems.