The hell I don't. We're here. We just drove an hour through the woods to find more woods that look just like the woods we drove through. Eureka. That's mud. No, this is like, um... - Yeah, it's pretty much mud. - And it smells like rotten eggs. Mmm, sulfur. Very therapeutic. And you expect me to believe you've never been here before? A friend of mine told me about this place and swore me to secrecy, but this is my first time. In mud. Come on in. It's nice. All right. Something's poking me. This mud is reputed to have amazing romantic properties. I think I got it. No, I think I'd notice if you got it. Whoa, geez. This hot spring averages a temperature of 105 degrees, but it can spike to near boiling, which is why we discourage bathers. Especially those who illegally drive 4x4 vehicles into a national park. So someone was boiled to death? Or had a heart attack or passed out, etcetera, etcetera. The remaining flesh will have to be macerated. What's that? Don't ask. The flesh either has to be boiled off or eaten by dermestid beetles. Why can't you just say "cleaned"? The sulfur encrusted the bone. You see the staining? - It's been there a long time? - Not necessarily. Why do you bring it up? Signs of blunt force trauma. - What's that mean? - That means he didn't pass out and boil to death on his own. - I'm going to need all of the mud. - Excuse me? Get a tanker truck out here, and suck it up, so we can filter it back at the Jeffersonian. Humerus is 36.5 centimeters. Medium build. Late 20s, early 30s. He's broken this bone before. Is she serious about the mud? Serious as a gas attack. Heart attack, Bones. Serious as a heart attack. The description's too general to get anything from a missing person's report. Triangular depression in the calvarium. Anterior longitudinal one fracture. Grazed cortical bone in C1. There's a patterned impression in the bone. How many times was he hit, and by what? More than once by a... square pipe? Does that exist? In my experience, people hit people with anything they can pick up and swing. He was attacked from behind? What? There's a vertical impaction fracture to his glabella and frontonasal suture. - Same weapon? - It doesn't appear so. - I've seen this before. - Really? Great. Where? From sharpened stone weapons in "Neandertall" skeletons. I'm thinking not so relevant in this case. The blow to the front of the head would cause a severe laceration. There were no bloodstains around the mud bath. Indicating the body was dumped there postmortem. - Regarding the Neanderthals... - "Neandertalls." What was the context of those killings? Accepted scenarios indicate a single individual attacked by two or more assailants. Then we're looking for two or more murderers. Bones Season 3 Episode 10 "The Man in the mud" Transcript: <i>YYeTs.net</i> Sync: <i>IceFre@k, ShalimarFox</i> Subtitle: <i>A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==--</i> We not sure about time of death. - It was definitely a murder. - Definitely. Probably two assailants. What a shock for that couple? I mean, they slide naked into the hot mud bath a skeleton hand pokes her in the... Anus What? It's a clinical term for that part of the body. Dr. Brennan? Agent Booth? Would it be fair to say that you use work to avoid confronting personal issues? Why? Cause I don't want to talk about... - The anus. - You really like that word, don't you? Do you two discuss anything that's not attached to work? It's better than talking about... - The anus? - What is it with you two? Sweets could be right. - We talk a lot about work. - I talk about my kid. Because he was almost kidnapped. My father... we talk about him. Because Agent Booth arrested him for murder. Okay, what are you trying to get at here? Your inability to share your personal lives. - I thought that was obvious. - Okay, that was snotty. I don't respond well to snotty. After a case, sometimes... we have a drink or coffee. Booth has pie. I don't like pie. You-you really should just... give it a chance. - I find it too sweet. - OK, there! We talked about pie. Nothing to do with work. It is better when we discuss murder. I'd like to see you guys in a social situation. A situation where work is taboo. Are you going to send us to a restaurant and watch through a one-way mirror? I'm still not having pie. No, an evening out with my girlfriend and me. - They need someone to buy them beer. - You want us to go on a double date? Listen, why don't you just go on Internet like all the rest of the kids? Okay, if it goes well, I'll withdraw my concern. I'll release you back into your environment. What are we, brook trout? Fine. Agent Booth? Unless you think that's too much to prove? Fine. I'll show him I have nothing to prove. Bring it on, Sweets. So far I have three old beer cans, an Indian arrowhead, 73 cents in change and a partially melted Sharpie. The victim was braised like osso buco. The flesh was falling off the bone. I put time of death between ten days and two weeks. I found stress fractures and degenerative changes in the facet joints. Fits with the hypertrophy of the cervical muscles. I found microscopic tearing. But he had to sustain this position to cause that kind of wear and tear. Death by yoga? - Is that skull ready for me? - It should be ready. You can take it out of the boiler any time. Or you could do that for me because I will never, ever do that. There are fractures of the pelvis, compression fractures of thoracic and lumbar vertebrae. Multiple metacarpal and metatarsal fractures... - What was he, a crash test dummy? - The injuries to the vertebrae, tibia, femur are consistent with landing on the feet after falling from ten to 20 feet. Like jumping out of a tree? The damage to the scapula and acromion resulted from a low fall but forward movement from between 16 to 20 miles per hour. Falling off a bicycle? These injuries are more recent. Fractured and scored patella and torn retinaculum. Okay, even I didn't get that one. Why would anyone want to kill him? Sounds like he was doing a good enough job on his own. Yes, okay, Dr. Sweets, I'll ask him. How is Wednesday night? Are you free? Oh, what, to have our big double date with our psychiatrist? Just one more evening and then maybe we won't have to see him anymore. Fine. Wednesday is fine. I can't wait. Does he want me to get you a corsage? Wednesday is fine. We'll meet you there. Yeah, I'm looking forward to meeting her. Okay, bye. This might be fun. His girlfriend works with tropical fish. - Tropical fish? - Yeah. This is weird. Where are we meeting? At their ceramics class. What? No. You're kidding. Why would I be kidding? He said it was a good idea to have a common activity. Ceramics? I thought the whole point of therapy was to give us peace of mind, not drive us crazy. Hey, it's Angela. - Hey, Angela. - Hey. I did a rendering of our victim's face. We're checking him against any reports of missing persons. Wait a second. That's Tripp Goddard. - Tripp Goddard? - A motorcycle racer. I forget sometimes I'm talking to girls. That would explain the wrist and neck injuries on Zack's report. Have him confirm with dentals. Yeah, I don't appreciate the "girls" comment. Tripp won a huge motorcycle race about two weeks ago. That fits time of death. That would have been the Super Grand Prix out in Virginia. Tripp won in the final two laps after some kind of accident took out the front-runner. Girls, huh? It's not about the machine, it's about the man. I mean, sure you need a great bike but a great rider on a crap bike is still gonna win. Riders say it's about the rider, mechanics say it's the machine. You know what I say? It's about whoever signs the paychecks. And that would be you. Yes, it would, and don't forget it. Excuse me. FBI. Special Agent Booth. This is here is Dr. Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian. We're looking for someone who's able to tell us a little bit about Tripp Goddard. I'm Philippa Fitz. And Tripp rides for our family team, Slam Bolt. - What did Tripp do? - Who are you? Garth Jodrey. I'm a journalist. MotoKneeScrapers. Com. - What does that mean? - Oh, racers, when they... they lean real low into the corners, - their knees, they scrape the asphalt. - That would explain his knee injuries. No one has seen Tripp since after the Super Grand Prix. Where did he go? After a big win, he usually takes off in his truck and... climbs mountains, swims oceans, no one really knows for sure. - Can I help you? - Mr. Goddard is dead. What? What happened? We believe he was murdered. Who would kill Tripp? I don't know. Well, the fans loved him. - Everybody else hated him. - Get lost, Garth. Daddy, please. No, I want him out of here, Philippa. Garth doesn't seem to think that Tripp is the good ol'boy and you do. - He's got his reasons. - The wheelchair for one. - Tripp put him in that wheelchair? - It was an accident, during a race, a couple of years ago. You can't honestly believe that Garth had anything to do with this. - I mean, how? He's in a wheelchair. - With help, obviously. - When was the last time you saw Tripp? - The victory party after the race. I saw him get in his truck and leave around midnight. Great. I'm going to need to know the make, the model, the year, - license plate of the truck. - Anything you need, we're here. Just find the bastard that did this to him. Okay, that's Danny Fitz. I would have loved to have decked Tripp like that after our race, only I was in a coma for a few days. Another Fitz? Lenny's son, Philippa's twin brother. All right, watch this. Danny's got the race in the bag. Final lap, Tripp does that. A classic inside-out block pass. - Is he allowed to do that? - Only if it's an accident. Slam Bolt would've taken first and second against Flame-Spark if Tripp hadn't clipped Danny. There's someone named Flame-Spark? Yeah, Flame-Spark Spark Plugs. It's Slam Bolt's rival team. I saw a little daylight. It looked like Danny was going wide, so I went for it. It is a bummer when somebody loses the front of their bike like that, but, - what are you gonna do? - Danny had that race in the bag. Tripp did the same thing to you, didn't he? Well, I guess Tripp didn't learn anything from the time he did it to me. Danny Fitz... was he at the victory party? Yeah, absolutely. Brave face for the press. Did Danny leave before or after Tripp? - About the same time. - What about you? I took off right after. You're friend with Danny, aren't you? You mean are we good enough friends to kill Tripp together? You know, I'm pretty sure I don't have to say anything without a lawyer. It's not going to work. What? Dropping loud pieces of metal to hurry me up. I need the skull so I can compare tool marks to potential murder weapons. You're gonna have to wait. Titanium, magnesium and heat-treated boron particulates are embedded in these skull fractures. What? That's a unique and exotic combination of metals not found in any of these. You know, it is possible that these particulates aren't from the tool. - I mean, not from the tool alone. - I don't understand. Handmade racing motorcycles are made from these metals. So the particles could have gone from the bicycles to the tools to the victim. It's not a bi-cycle, it's a motorcye. Bi-cycle. Two wheels. The term applies. Drop those. Drop them. I mean it, Zack. Bombs away. - I don't know what that proves. - It proves I don't handle irritation as well as I'd like. - Can I pick these up now? - No. You can pick one up... the most likely culprit. A narrow instrument, no more than an inch caused the injuries. Okay. Strain... The crushing, tearing, shearing... equals the change in dimension divided by the original dimension. I do bugs and slime; I don't do arithmetic. An elongated rod with... this cross-section is the most likely culprit. Good. Good job, Zack. Am I king of the lab? We both are. Let's go tell Cam. Okay, now that... that's gotta hurt. Wait. Here it comes again. I mean, look at that. Oh, watch it. Watch out. Watch out... Ooh! Boom! Let the record show that Agent Booth is taunting my client by repeatedly showing footage of his traumatic accident. Don't say accident, man. Tripp did that to me on purpose. How fast were you going at the time of your incident? I don't know exactly. I was accelerating through 160. Tripp was accelerating faster. See there? Again, with taunting. Why was Tripp so much better than you? Taunting. I'm not taunting, Mr. Smalls. I'm restating an objective fact. Tripp had a better bike. He had maybe 20 horses on me. You get Tripp's bike now, right? - I didn't kill Tripp for his motocycle. - Why did you kill him? Whoa. Full stop there, cowboy. Don't sweat it there, princess. All right, any other reason why you'd want to get rid of Tripp? No. Certain things you hide make you look guilty. A couple years back, Tripp was going out with my sister. Cheated on her with a groupie. - It came to blows. - Who won? I did, for once. - Knocked him on his ass. - And you defended her honor. Danny and Philippa are twins. They're very close. He cheated on your sister, forced you to crash. How would you exactly describe your relationship? We were the best of friends. As your lawyer, I must caution you that sarcasm doesn't show up in the transcript. Best be avoided. Look, I'm sorry Tripp's dead, but I'm not exactly grieving. You feel me? Bones, he's not afraid of me at all. It's hard to scare someone who rides around a track at 200 miles an hour. Now her, I like. - You want to go out sometime? - Danny, restrain yourself. - She doesn't want to go out with you. - Let me speak for myself. Murder suspect here, Bones. The wound at the front of the head or the back? - Back. - It couldn't be both? No. The blow to the front of the head was from a sharp tool. Sharper than round, but blunter than sharp. - What? - That actually made sense to me. You two have been spending way too much time together. Can you estimate the amount of force? In the back of the head, length undetermined, a width of 3.8 centimeters, approximately a thousand pounds of force. So a lot. Half a ton. - Which is a lot. - That actually isn't very much. All right, now I'm back in a physics class I want to ditch. A boxer's fist can land with double that force. A big, meaty fist in a glove. Yeah, with a force spread out over a hell of a lot more than 3.8 centimeters. Correct. It wouldn't take all that much force to crush a skull with this. So, we haven't eliminated anyone from our list of suspects? Plus, we don't know what that's a cross-section of, and we don't know what caused the damage to the front of the face. What exactly made you two come in here, crowing "king of the lab"? I'm gonna go back and look at very small things under my very large microscope. I can probably identify the type of tool off this cross-section. Do it and call Booth. See if it's of any use to him. Boys. I don't have the weapon. But I microwaved the fabric samples and used gas sensors to analyze... All right, all right... Just, let's just cut to the chase there. Okay, Mr. Wizard? I have identified what was on the victim's clothing. I'll take anything at this moment. - What is it? - It's toluene. It's a clear liquid used to clean up oil. How is that supposed to help us? Every mechanic in the world uses that stuff. I need a weapon, do you hear me? A weapon. You know, I'm feeling really underappreciated today. All right, well, you know wh? You can suck it up, buttercup. Toluene. It's also excellent for cleaning up blood. So, if you killed someone here, and they bled a lot... The drain. Check this drain for blood. Blood suspended in toluene might be testable for DNA. Tell Hodgins he did a good job. I'll tell Hodgins he did a good job if... I'm waiting. I hate when you do this. Do wha You don't talk. Sometimes you hate when I talk, so it's a double-edged sword. Bones doesn't mind sitting in silence, do you? I hate it. - Why do you think that is? - He gets bored. - You're right, I do, I get bored. - You should see him on stakeouts, He talks, and talks... Well, it's very interesting. Is it always about work? No. You're lying. Oh, come on. How do you know that? I have special training in how to tell when people are lying. Is that true? See, if you were me, you would know. You're lying to protect your partner. I understand that. But let's agree amongst ourselves that this is a truth zone. Is something bothering you? It's this whole... going on a date thing. It's not a date. It's a social outing for the purpose of professional evaluation. Come on! Ceramics? I'm not that kind of a guy, all right? What do we say we go, you know, bowling, or to a firing range, or climbing a wall. Oh, right, something you're good at. A movie! All right? Or dinner, dinner and a movie. Somewhere that I don't have to make something. What? What "Ooh"? Well, what Sweets would do in this situation is he'd jump on word usage. He's going to ask you why you're resistant to "making." I jump on the semantics? That's a really aggressive turn of phrase. Thanks for pulling focus there, Bones. "Pulling," is that an aggressive word, too? Okay, what? Did you two plan this? Paranoia. That is paranoia. Since this is a truth zone, I will tell you the truth. We didn't plan anything. - You're telling the truth. - He's guessing. We're going to a ceramics class and we're all going to make something. Time's up. Look, Sweets can't really tell if someone's lying; I'm telling ya, he's playing with our minds. There's an area of study called neurolinguistics which proposes that that subconscious eye movements and body language tell a well-trained observer if a subject is lying. Yeah, well, I don't believe it. I don't believe it! Is that Tripp's bike? Looks like Danny's going to finally get what he wants? Do me a favor, son. Take it easy a couple times around before you blast off. I know, Dad. Ease into it. - Hey, can I get a picture? - Yeah, let's get a picture. Look at that, Number one on the Slam Bolt Racing Team... You've got to feel good about that. I'm not talking to you without my lawyer present. That goes for all of us. Now, look, you... you I can replace. Do not wreck my bike. Well, Lenny, I'm thinking your boy isn't going to relax into this. Well, Danny gets a chance to grab the brass ring, he's gonna take it. Okay, watch this. He's going to decelerate right before the turn and just slingshot right through it. I don't see the deceleration part. Danny's down! We got a rider down! Come on, let's get in there! Get in there. No, Daddy. Yes, we're at the Belleville Practice Track on Highway 64. Send an air ambulance now. There's been a motorcycle accident. - Where's your father? - He's at the house. He's already had two heart attacks. He doesn't need to be here for this. Seems like a crime to mess with such a sweet bike? Yeah, a crime like murder. Right, I-I just meant the bike itself, it's... No, I get it. You like bikes. These rotors are laser-cut and honed, very exact. Bend one just a little, and when this baby gets to speed, the rotor hits the brake pad, separates a little further and the next thing you know... - We saw. - So it couldn't have been an accident? You mean, "Oops, I stuck a piece of metal through this tiny hole and pushed with all my might"? So anyone could have done this? Anyone who was familiar with motorcycles. And was a killer. - Why would anyone want to kill Danny? - You can't be near the evidence. I'm sorry. See what else you can find, will you? Recovering ink traces on plastic and polymers is problematic, so I am using a new technique. A little of the reagent eugenol and... Voilà! "E-S-apers Do Co." Does that meaning anything to you? - Korean restaurant? - Unlikely. There are obviously missing letters. We need to place the consonants most likely to appear with this configuration of vowels, and vowels to consonants. That is an enormous amount of variables, Zack. E Snappers Doll Company. Don't think so. Free Newspapers Dot Com. Keen Snapers Don't Come. Definitely not. Knee Scrapers Dot Com. Oh, my God. That's it. MotoKneeScrapers. Com. - How did you do that? - Process of elimination. You realize I have no idea what it means? It's the Web site run by the journalist that Tripp put in a wheelchair. So this man's pen was found on the murder victim. Or it fell in the mud when the body was dumped. I'm enjoying this. The last time I threw pots, I was in Columbia with the Arhuaco Indians. The last time I did this, I was in nursery school. Well, we love it. Don't we, Lance? Yes. Well, I love my work. But I'm not gonna talk about that right now. Even though we think a paraplegic killed Tripp Goddard. That sounds fascinating. Dr. Sweets said that you work with tropical fish. Yes. I love fish. They're like people. No. No, they're not, actually; people can't breathe under water. She's funny. I am? Wha...? - Why is that funny? - I don't think she meant literally. It's their eyes. You can tell so much from eyes. Well, in humans, a retinal scan is as specific as a fingerprint. No, no, their souls. You can see their little souls. I don't understand. You believe that fish have souls? Yes. You can see it in their coloring. It's a reflection of who they are. Their coloring has developed over millennia as a way to deal with predators. April just means they're beautiful. Don't tell me what I mean, Lance. I mean they have souls. Okay. Look what I'm making. - You've done this before. - No. You have. - You really think that's good? - Yes. Very. Yours is good, too, April. I'm not talking to you. You think that's funny? - Are they fighting? - Just focus on your pot there. I'm with patients, April. Oh, no, no patients tonight. Just us people making pots. You can't apologize for me, Lance. - Can we please just move on? - No. I just... I meant... I believe that all creatures... people, fish, dogs... we're all connected. We all share the same stuff that makes life so beautiful, and precious. On a quantum level, that's true. Although the word "stuff" is not accurate. See? What? I have great respect for your fish. Admittedly, I might relate to other things more. He kills about a thousand people a night. In a video game, April. They're not real. Hey, Sweets, your, uh, thing there is droopy. Look at my horse! That's amazing, Agent Booth. Very impressive. Yes, it is. Ooh, Bones, I'm sorry. Oh, geez... Hey, Sweets, I apologize. This whole ceramic thing is great! This is fun. Tell you one thing, Sweets didn't get any last night. They're too young to be in a serious relationship. In agrarian societies, young couplings made sense. The partnership was for survival, but today... You know you can play the field, and not plow it. - That was distasteful. - What? I liked April though. She talks to fish, okay? I'm with Sweets on this one. - Hey, it's Zack. - Hi, Zack. The pry bar from the garage is not the murder weapon. It's a pry bar like this one but not this one. The deep parallel grooves on the anterior border are not a match. What about the blood? Apparently, the toluene caused a false positive. What about the vertical fracture on his frontal suture? - That's the forehead. - I did another scraping of the fracture and I found a sliver of glass with a mastic film on it. The mass spec shows it as nitrate of silver, so I think we're looking for some kind of mirror. Good. Thank you. Found it early this morning. No way of knowing how long it's been here. My guess is, it was stolen, driven around some, then stripped for parts. - VIN number matches? - It's the victim's truck, all right. Hey, I've got to tell you. I love working this one. I'm usually looking over some battered, old heap for evidence, for evidence, but the vehicles on this case... - they are sweet! - You got anything else for me? They're testing mud on the bottom of the vehicle on the chance it might match - where the victim was dumped. - Pry bar. Pry bar. Yep. Covered in blood. I blame the Stooges. Excuse me? The Three Stooges. They were bashing each other on the heads with hammers and bricks and stuff and never got hurt. People think they can do it, too. Yeah, thanks for that. All I'm saying is that killings like this, are Stooge related. The side mirror. Long, jagged edge. He was standing by his truck, someone came up behind him - and hit him with the pry bar. - Falls forward into the mirror... Fracturing his frontonasal suture. Forehead. Booth, this suggests only one assailant. Can we get luminol, check the mirror for blood? We're not hurting for blood around here. Check this out. Love these... Whoa! Don't need any luminol for this. He was killed, loaded in the box, driven to the mud and dumped. It's physically impossible for a paraplegic to do. If it's only one murderer, it wasn't Garth. - Do we have any prints? - Just the victim's, but we did find some hair in the box where the body was placed. It's dyed. We're checking for the exact brand and color. The roots are gray. It's short. Lenny Fitz dyes his hair. Why would Lenny kill his most valuable rider? I'd like the record to reflect that my client has been drinking. That's an understatement. And that he's rejecting my advice not to speak to you at this time. Drinking a lot there, Lenny, maybe out of guilt? I lost a son, Agent Booth. A son. So excuse me for feeling bad about that, all right? Do you mean your biological son, or Tripp Goddard? Lady, I loved Tripp Goddard like a son, but, Danny... Danny, was my son. - There's a difference. - I'm confused. Is my client a person of interest in this or an actual suspect, and in which death? That depends upon whether or not the same person killed both Danny Fitz and Tripp Goddard. You can't think that I killed one of them. We found Tripp's truck. Where? - A clearing in Jackson State Park. - Forensic evidence shows that Tripp was murdered in the mechanic's bay, and his body was transported in his own truck. What's that got to do with my client? There's forensic evidence tying him to the body. Whatcha got, a nail clipping? A piece of dried snot? A hair? No, we got forensic evidence. Lenny, when was the last time you saw Tripp? I told you. At the victory party. You shook hands with him? Sat next to him at the bar? - Did you make out a little? - I hugged him. Any other questions about how trace evidence from my client may have wound up on Tripp's remains? - Hold him on suspicion, that's all. - Look, I didn't kill Tripp. I can get a court order to release him in less than an hour. Look, why would I kill somebody I just signed a business deal with? Wait. You what? Mr. Fitz signed ten percent of his company over to Tripp. You mean the motorcycle team? No, Mr. Fitz means the beverage company. Slam Bolt Energy Drinks? Why offer so much? 'Cause he was the best. So I offered him a piece of the business as an incentive to race exclusively for Slam Bolt. And everybody's happy. Who isn't happy? Every other motorcycle team. - Did Tripp Goddard sign? - I got him the contract that night. And then hugged him. - So, you signed it, but he didn't? - We don't know. You haven't found the contract, have you? We'll be in touch. Sexual jealousy as a motive didn't pan out, professional jealousy was looking pretty good... - Until Danny was killed. - But money... that's always good. How much money? Company like Slam Bolt? Millions is my guess. Tripp Goddard could have been attacked by more than one person. The skull shows that as a possibility. No changies, Bones, okay? Pry bar to the back of the skull, mirror to the face. No take backs. One killer. I'm just saying that maybe Philippa and Danny didn't like it when their father signed over a chunk of their family company to Tripp Goddard. Well, it's a good business decision. Look, Garth wants Tripp dead for putting him in a wheelchair, Philippa wants Tripp dead for grabbing up a hunk of her father's company. Two killers again? You said no changies and no take backs. Doesn't scan. You know, I mean, why would either Garth or Philippa want Danny dead? You're the motive guy. Look, we found Garth's Knee Scrapers pen in the mud. That doesn't prove anything. He gave them out to everybody. It's right here, Bones. It's right in front of us, but I just... I can't get it. The whole business with changies and take backs... it's not real, right? No. I have another question. Is there anything more we can learn from the murder weapon? No, that's a you question. My question is, how did the murderer know about the secret mud hole? Look, I know I was breaking the rules when I drove my truck on national park land, but, I mean, this girl... - Didn't you see her? - I really don't care about that. Come on, have a heart. I got it about the girl the minute I saw her, okay? We all do things for the girl. So, what do you need to talk to me for? I need to know how you found out about that mud hole. Oh. Oh, what? I don't want to be a rat. Look, sport, I don't care about the girl, or the mud, or the 4x4. Hardly anyone knows about that place, and someone dumped the body there. My friend told me about it. - I need a name. - He didn't do it, he's in a wheelchair. Your friend's name Garth Jodrey? - How did you know that? - Special Agent Seeley Booth. Special. This is the shaft of the pry bar. It's made of tempered steel with a shiny chrome covering. The murder weapon we found on Tripp's truck. Yes. As you can see, the chrome is compromised. Putting chrome on a pry bar is not a good example of functionality. Maybe it was decorative. Those are blood flecks. From the victim? There's no way of knowing until a DNA test is done. The blood flecks begin approximately 25% of the way up the handle. - What does that indicate? - I have absolutely no idea. Come on. Choke? Didn't anybody play softball or baseball? Okay. It's a choke up. For somebody not strong enough to swing the entire length of the bat. Of course, it's a choke up. To foreshorten the fulcrum. Yes, I see. Because the murderer was weaker than the full grown male human for whom the pry bar was designed. Right. Like a girl. Now, when I batted, I always had to choke up. Then, of course, I kicked ass. Sweet. I'll have Cam check the DNA. Excuse me? Temperance? April, hi. I... wanted to talk to you, woman to woman, if that's possible. It is possible because we are both women. Seeing you the other night, it made merealize that you have a very objective eye. Thank you. And you got to see Lance and me together. And I wonder if... if you might tell me what you think. Well, could you be more specific in the question? Fish. Fish choose their mates based primarily on color gradations. Two goamis, for example, one male and one female they'll mate if they're both vibrant blue. Now, if the male becomes paler, which can happen over the course of time, the female becomes non-receptive to the male, even aggressive. Do you see where I'm going with this? Sweets is too pale? Yes. But let's say young instead of pale and go with that. Is there an age difference? I'm almost 27, and Lance just turned 23. What's the age difference between you and Booth? Five years, but, no, we are not blue fish. But still, he's very firm once you get him out of that suit, but... - A pale blue? - Robin's egg, really. I'm a vibrant, vibrant cobalt. Not literally. I mean, we're both mostly pink in reality. No. I understand. Did we seem good together to you? April, it was only one evening. We got the DNA results from the murder weapon. Sex? It was much more than adequate. It was wonderful, really. I mean, he's a night time person, and I'm most enthusiastic in the morning, but that's not the problem. Sorry. You were... you were talking about work. DNA says the murderer was female. Excuse me? We're here about a mud bath? Now, we got a sworn statement here from Garth Jodrey that Philippa Fitz took him to the mud hole three years ago. To have sex. The same mud hole that Tripp was dumped in. I can give you a sworn statement that Garth took me to that mud hole. I slid that one right by her. What? You just admitted that you had prior knowledge to the location of a mud hole. - No changies. - No take backs. Answer nothing without prior confirmation from me. You killed Tripp because your father was about to sign the company over to him. - What? - Don't respond in any way. We have DNA evidence that shows you swung the pry bar into Tripp's head. According to the forensic report, the sample was very small, and was totally used up during the course of the test. - It's an accurate test. - But it can't be repeated. And my client has a twin brother. Juries hate DNA evidence and twins. What's that sound? I believe that's reasonable doubt starting its engines. We have evidence that the same pry bar was used to sabotage Tripp's motorcycle. A common tool left in a semi-public area in a situation that could have resulted from incompetence rather than sabotage. You sabotaged the bike to kill Tripp, but he signed the contract before he could ride the bike and die the way he was supposed to. So, you killed him with the pry bar, loaded him onto his own truck and dumped him in the mud puddle. Everything was great until your brother rode the bike that you sabotaged. You don't ride someone else's bike. Danny knew that. You killed him accidentally, but you did kill him. I loved my brother. I... Don't speak, please. Are we free to go, or would you like to waste some more of the taxpayers' money? - She did it. - You may get a prosecutor to lay a murder charge, but a jury will never bring home this baby the way you want it to. You're right. But you know what? - I'm still going to make the arrest. - To what end? You can't win. To let everybody knows what Philippa did, including her father. I'm okay with what you did there. Yeah, thanks a million, Bones. Don't get mad. I'm just saying that I just like it better when we catch them and they go to jail. Sometimes it can get messy, Bones, but the point is, it gets done. This one started out in a pit of mud and ended in a pit of mud. That's very damn poetic of you. Oh, hey, guys. I didn't know you'd be here. What do you think, Bones? He's lying. You want to sit down? Not really. Lying again. Come on, sit down. Okay. April dump you? How do you know that? He's got that dumpee look on his face. I'm a trained psychologist. I mean, I saw this coming. It's not like the signs eluded me. So, I prepared myself mentally for it... Hey, Sweets, Bones and I we're going bowling tonight. Yes. Yes. Bowling. You know what? You want to come? To go bowling with us at the bowling rink? - Alley. - Bowling alley. The bowling alley. You know, fish aren't actually sentient. There's a reason people say "cold as a fish." Me? I'm a dog person. I think that has meaning, don't you? Sure. You think April was pretty? Not at all. You're lying, Dr. Brennan. I appreciate the effort. Thank you. Come on, Sweets. What do you say we go bowling? I got him. Come on. - No, it's all right. - Come on. Bones Season 3 Episode 10