Yeah. Disappeared a year ago, she was pregnant. Come on,Bones. You have to get a TV,you know. Or at least just thumb through a People at the checkout stand. Was it in the Journal  of Forensic Anthropology? Oh,you know,I forgot to renew my subscription. You know what,Bones? You really need to take up some other interests. I'm reading Ted Joya's  History of Jazz. Was she mentioned in there? Or maybe in McGee's  Science and Lore  of the Kitchen. Or perhaps I should develop an interest in the mainstream media's exploitation of crimes for their entertainment value. It's amazing,Bones. You can really be snotty sometimes. So,Carlie Richardson? Carlie Richardson,newlywed. Everyone assumed that she was murdered. Husband was cheating on her, there was evidence that they had a fight that day. He was covered in scratches. Witnesses said that they saw him down by the marina. But,hey,you know,without the body, they had to kick him free. Well,if she's been in the water for a year, the bones will be saturated. I'll need nylon mesh bagging and... Cam's bringing in everything  on the truck. Well,after a year, there's not going to be a lot of flesh for Cam to deal with. Well,you know,hey,Bones, you know,Cam,she's in charge now. She runs the place,it's her call. Then let's hurry. I don't want my remains compromised. Okay. I don't care if she's the boss. The bones belong to me. Booth. Oh,yeah. Rebecca. Whoa,wait a second. Slow down,okay? This is my weekend with Parker,okay? I am his father,all right? Stu is your boyfriend. We're gonna be in the water,Doc. Remember to bring Traxon and soluble tape. Does she think I'm new at this? I developed the use of Traxon... - On the phone,Bones. - I know. Get off. We have to go. Rebecca,he's spending a lot of time with Parker and I don't even know this guy. She took Zack. Zack's mine. Because you know what? I just want to make sure that he's a good influence. The fact that he,you know, rocks,rocks your world,surprisingly that... really,you know doesn't concern me. I'll just meet you there. Doesn't concern me. I got to run,okay,Rebecca? We'll talk about this later. Wait up! Why can't you go faster? I don't see why I couldn't drive. - Because you're agitated. - I am not. You know what? You've turned this into a competition between you and Cam. I just like to be first on the scene,that's all, to protect the evidence. She's not going to disturb anything. No,it's all tissue and blood and DNA with her. She doesn't appreciate the skeletal system. You could take the I-70. It'll be quicker. Don't backseat drive,okay? Oh,I think I know who's agitated. Someone is annoying me,okay? That's different. - Your ex. - Huh? That's who's annoying you. Because she has a new man in her life. That's funny,you know,okay? I am concerned about my son. I want to know what kind of guy this new boyfriend is. And you know what? If she's not going to tell me,I'll find out on my own. Are you gonna run a background check on him? When you have kids,we'll talk. It's a lot to ask for a little conversation. If you make a right,we can cut through Grafton. Fine. She beat us here and she was in a truck. Well,you know,you're the one who wanted to go through Grafton. Well,you could have used the siren. I mean,why do you have one if you're not going to use it? Oh! What's that smell? Zack,I need some sterile tubes before she's fertilizer. Okay,that's the smell. Caucasian,female, 25 to 30. Barnacle and small mussel encrustation indicates she's been in the water for about a year. No. They have. God. The size of the fetal bones indicates the fetus was viable. How could someone do this to their own kid? Multiple fractures. They could be from an assault or from being battered by rocks and debris while in the water. Stab wounds evident on ribs,manubrium and clavicle. And ulna,radius,one to the sphenoid. This was a very violent attack. You find the murder weapon? Not yet. The scuba guys just got here. Tell them to look for a left leg and missing fetal bones. Looks like we finally get to put Richardson away. I love being a hero. A heroine. Mm,sounds too druggy. I'm going with hero. Whoa,what are you doing? Scraping the adipocere from the hands. No,you could compromise the bone. You should use suction back at the lab if you want a conviction. Of course,it's your call. Are we gonna have another murder here,or what? No,no. I have the utmost respect for the doc. Glad she works for me. Good. The clothes,they match the ones she was last seen wearing. The rope could be a match of the type found in Richardson's house. While you two do your thing, I'm gonna go bring the son of a bitch in. - Where's Richardson? - I don't know! He saw this and then he took off. I tried to stop him,but then he hit me. He said he's never coming back! Sources indicate both mother and her fetus were stabbed to death. Kyle Richardson remains the chief suspect. Bones Season 02 Episode 02</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-gagegao -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> ***** is the evidence taken from Kyle Richardson's house a year ago. So,we got rope,the plastic sheeting,knife set, one knife missing,Richardson's DNA results. File says witnesses placed Richardson at the marina on the bay the night she disappeared. Looks like he's not walking this time,Seeley. Ironic since he's running now. Hodgins,you know Booth is bigger than you,right? Right. Wasn't your fault,dude. Let's focus,people. This should be a slam dunk. We screw this one up,I'm gonna look like a fool and someone's gonna have to pay for that. We just started collecting evidence. There are boxes of evidence. The remains are icing on the cake. Let's just hand the prosecutor what she needs so I can have a nice weekend knocking back shots and playing poker. Yeah,that should motivate us. I'm going to strip the flesh and adipocere, remove anything from under the fingernails. Here lies a dead fish in the plastic. Ooh,and it's not even my birthday. He saved the fish. Stomach contents and particulates could give us drift patterns, show where she was left before she washed ashore. Not much left of the organs. Looks like I can still find a few surprises from what's left of this lung. Looks like some liver here. I'll take any tissue that stuck to the plastic. There'll be sediment and organic particulates. What do you want? George Clooney naked on a white sand beach, but I can give you faces after the skull's reconstructed. Zack will start on them right away. After you've stripped any tissue, I would like to reassemble the victim and the fetus. Sounds like fun. Let's do it. It was male. He,not it, Bones. I'm going to go talk to his girlfriend. No mistakes on this one. He always was a little touchy. Yeah. I didn't know Kyle then. We started going out after his wife went missing. Mm-hmm. Did he ever mention the night she disappeared? Of course. It was terrible for him. I just tried to support him and help him get past it. He looks like he had a lot of people to help him. And he looks really,really broken up. I know he dated other women, but he's not who you think he is. No,of course not. - Oh,my God! - Agent Booth,is that necessary? Just trying to help her remember. He would never do this. He could never do this. He hit you when he was leaving,didn't he? I know. That is because I wanted to go with him, and he knew everyone would be after him. He was just trying to protect me. Yeah,he's a real prince. If he contacts you... call. Otherwise,you're looking at obstruction of justice,aiding and abetting, and I'm surewe can find a few other charges to make it worth the money you're paying your lawyer. There's another gash on the second rib,right side, approximately 45 degrees,left to right. Why didn't he just divorce her? Why did they have to get married in the first place? It's an antiquated ritual. Carlie Richardson believed in it, trusted her husband,and look what happened. So this is marriage's fault? Committing yourself to one person isn't in the interest of the species. I mean,you have multiple partners. Don't say it like that. I date. The notion of a committed relationship's fantasy. Look at Booth. Fighting with his ex,his son caught in the middle. We make our lives out of chaos and hope and love. Someday you'll meet somebody. I don't need anything more than I have now. Talk about a fantasy. The skulls are in multiple pieces, but the damage is from debris in the water. Then let's start on the stab wounds. I'd like you to confirm the type of knife used in each of these. Oh,these all appear to be from the knife that was missing from the set taken from Richardson's. Appear? No conclusions without corroboration. But Dr. Saroyan seems certain that Richardson... Seems? You're my grad student. You work for me. Remember,Doc,we're building a case here, not getting our rocks off on research. Rocks and sediment are Hodgins' specialty. You're serious? Okay. Brought your hand back. I found organic material under the fingernails. Should match Richardson. And I found something else I'd like  you to look at. It's right here in the lung. It's a locket. Must've been around her neck and melted into the lung during putrefaction. Before I remove it, I wanted to see if any of your cyborgs can do anything with the photo paper. There's not enough left. It's liquefied. It's probably just another picture of the lovebirds anyway. Oh,what's this? - Oh,no. - Who's Kenny? I don't know. I don't want to know. I just want it to be Richardson. That's right because of the drinking and the poker. Yeah,I know there's a lot of animals at the zoo. Monkeys... monkeys are Daddy's favorite. They're just like people. Actually,three million base pairs of the genome differ in protein encodg and other functional areas. What? Genetic differences between chimps and humans. I'm talking to a four-year-old,Bones. Oh,yeah... you're spending a lot of time with Drew,huh? Oh,that's great. Okay,you've got to go eat. Okay,go eat. Make sure... okay,I love... Yeah. Her boyfriend spending a lot of time with your son? Yeah. So you got any,uh,new information for me,Bones? I'm sorry. Nah,it's no need. It must be hard not being able to see him when you want to. You see,this is information that I already know,Bones. Why don't you-- Let's say we just discuss the case,hmm? Sure. You know,I'm his father. You know,Parker knows that. I mean,that's-that's what's important, not some stupid trip to the zoo. - Yeah,absolutely. - Right. - Yeah. - Done. Of course. Boom. Well,we found this in her lung. What? - Her lung? - It was enveloped during decomp. Kenny? Any reference to a Kenny in the case file? No,but whoever Kenny is liked her enough to get her a locket. Maybe Kyle wasn't the only one who was cheating. Opens up a lot of possibilities. I say we just go talk to Carlie's friends and see if they know who Kenny is. The four of us got so close being in the same Lamaze class. Losing Carlie was like  losing a sister. It was her idea to start this baby group. We all felt so connected,feeling someone growing inside,waiting to meet them. - Do you have kids? - He does. They make you feel whole. It's just a release of serotonin necessary for the survival of the species. Huh? Never mind,um... we found this,uh... locket on Carlie's remains, it says,uh,"I love you,Kenny." Did she ever mention a Kenny? Yes. She talked about Kenny all the time. He's never mentioned in the police report. Kenny was her dog. Her dog? Kyle bought her the dog when things we better between them. She loved that dog. There used to be a picture of the two of them in there. Oh,where is her dog now? It died. Mary took care of it. I'm a vet; they brought it in... a few months before Carlie disappeared. Kyle said he backed over it accidentally. rlie always felt he did it on purpose. He was a real piece of work when he got mad. A dead dog? Excellent. So,we're back to one suspect: Richardson. I like this. Good work. Do you want children? - What? - Children? Maybe,if I could find one that sleeps late and cleans. Does this apply to the case in any way? No,just curious. Most people think it's odd when a woman doesn't want children, but,obviously,you don't. Are you pregnant? No... I'm not. Why are you looking at me? Well,as long as you're not leaving the lab every two minutes to pee. No intention of it. So all this back and forth was for nothing. Good to know. Now,unless the liver has a written confession in it by a pet parakeet, we should have enough to build a solid forensic case against Richardson for the prosecutor. I found something that might put a new wrinkle in things. Great. Oh,God. The fish was a Pomatomus  saltatrix,a bluefish, common to Delaware Bay. And there were dinoflagellates consistent with the saltwater in the bay. Dozing off,Hodge-podge. But I also found didinium,a ciliate,and oomycota, a mold,both of which are found in freshwater. So,the body was in fresh and salt water. Exactly.Freshwater first for at least six months. Okay,now we have witnesses that put Richardson at the marina that night; there is no freshwater ********** what's going on here? Richardson is the only logical suspect. Are we working for the defense now? I'm working for the victims and we have to be open to the evidence as it presents itself. The knife,the rope,the plastic sheeting are all from Richardson's house,that's been confirmed. We're trying to build a case here,people. We don't ignore facts just because they might change the outcome of a case. Not asking you to,Doc, I just want you to fill in the blanks. There must be freshwater close enough for Richardson to have dumped the body. It has to have the same sediment,larvae, archaea,helminths... Great.Whatever the hel- minths those are find them. And if we find a body of water that matches, it has to be dredged for additional body parts. We're still missing the left patella,tibia and calcaneus. - And the fetus is missing the... - Okay,fine. Just stop talking and do it. Hey,so... is this the only freshwater near the bay? The only body of water that might have algae and sediment that could match what we found on the remains. Whoo! Seems to be a lot of gamophyta. Is that good? I won't know until I compare it to the samples in the lab. Then why'd you act so excited? I guess I just like gamophyta. You know,you really don't have to act any geekier. The whole outfit does it for you. Geek chic,dude. Agent Blondie over there thinks I'm hot. How ya doing? Anything? Another Top-Flite. You know,I went out with a woman who had a little kid once. Aren't you supposed to be looking for slime? The kid hated me,you know,he said I used too many big words. - Well,he got that right. - He hit me in the head with a Tonka truck. I could never sleep with his mom again. Well,you know,at least the story ends well. I was good to him,though,you know? I mean,I did not deserve an 18-wheeler to the parietal bone. Ooh,nematodes and planaria. Does that mean anything? Not sure. Anything? Bones. Could be from the fetus. Hamate,triquetral, portions of the phalanges and another Top-Flite. According to the reconstruction with these new bones, the fetus has seven fingers. And two right hands. I don't understand. Was there another victim? Double the magnification. Look at the structure of the phalanges. the bones from the lake are from a raccoon. the formation of the hands is almost identical to an infant's hand. How did you do? We found a raccoon,you? The sediment and organic material from the lake doesn't match what was taken from the remains. I have to look for another body of freshwater. I don't think it's around here. What have you got? Nothing. And the next body of freshwater that might be a match is over 60 miles away. Richardson couldn't have been there. It wouldn't match the timeline. I've got the board of the Jeffersonian,the federal prosecutor and Nancy Grace ready to devour me if I don't hand them enough to indict Richardson. Well,if you want us to manufacture evidence... No,I want us to find out who killed Carlie,and I'm pissed 'cause whoever did it is messing with me and I don't like that. I like doing the messing. Then we have to determine whether we're wasting our time on Richardson. Tell me what you need. His plates were found in a ditch on Route 432. His car in a vacant lot in Huntsville. He could be using another car or he could be hiding out. Can anybody I.D. him? I've got I.D.s coming in from all over the place. This is where the concerned citizens all come out for the reward. Excuse us,Agent Booth? - Let me know if you find something. - Sure. I'm Dennis Campbell. This is my wife,Patricia. - We're Carlie's parents. - Yes,I know. Please... sit down. I'm so sorry for your loss. Well,at least now our daughter can rest with her baby and Kyle can never touch them again. The reason we're here... We were going through some photos for the funeral and... we came across this one. Kyle used to go out of town on business. His firm had an office in Boston. Carlie went with him once. This is them with some people in Boston. That woman on the news,Karen Tyler, she said she met Kyle  after Carlie disappeared, but here she is looking at him. He admitted to being involved with those other girls. Why did he lie about knowing her? - May I keep this photo? - Of course. We need em to answer for this. She was our little girl. She wasn't supposed to go before us. That's not the way it's supposed to be. I know. We'll find Kyle. I promise. You want me to what? Stab the body for me. We need match force with the injuries recorded on the remains. Okay,I'm stabbing the body. Well... it's a replica. We're all going to do it,you're just the closest to Kyle Richardson. Okay,you know what,that's great. I'll be there in 20,but in the future you just have to ask me differently,Bones, because you know what,come over to your place to stab a body,that is just freaky. Seeley,you son of a bitch. Oh... I,uh,Rebecca,wow,you look great. Yeah,okay,save it,'cause I need a lot more than compliments from you right now. Okay,just keep it down for a little bit,you know, 'cause I'm at work,all right? You sent agents to investigate Drew because you're going to stop that now. Okay,listen,I'm just being cautious. What do you really know about this guy anyway,huh? I know...I-I-I know that he has a good job. And I-I know that he fixes stuff around the house when he says he's going to. And I know that Parker is crazy about him and he's not terrified every time he goes off to work that he's going to get shot and I know that I love him. I love him. And now everyone at work thinks he's a criminal. Well,he's been spotted with explosives. He is a construction foreman,He does demolition, I mean,you must've figured that out when you were doing all of your snooping. Look,I have a right to know who's hanging around my son. All right,he spends more time with Parker than I do. Okay,you think that I would put Parker in danger? Let me ask you a question,Rebecca. Why is it that you keep all the men in your life such a secret? Because you always interrogate them or intimidate them and it freaks them out. Well,I mean,come on,a lot of them are a little strange,I mean, the guy with the tattoos on his neck. Hold on,I don't even have to let you see Parker, okay,not-not legally. That's one of the upsides of not being married. Don't. I'm a good father. You know that. You have got to stop trying to run things. I've got things in my life that have nothing to do with you. All right,look. You know what? We are always going to have something to do with each other because we share a son. Drew's a good man,and you need to back off, or you're not going to see Parker again,I swear. You back off. Here comes Kyle. Ha,ha,funny. Don't we have something to stab? This. I hate my job. From the depth of the stab wounds, we can tell the approximate force required in newton meters to inflict the marks we see on the bones. So,we have to measure the amount of force generated when we stab to give us the the size, weight,and body type of the assailant. You had to dress her up. The clothes she wore figure in the resistance to the blows. The knife is consistent with the one that caused the wounds. We fitted it with an instrument and blade that will give us a digital readout of the newton meters of each stab. It's a dual mass drop system. All I hear is blah,blah,blah. Cliff Note's version-- we all stab,one of us is the killer. Thank you. Sort of like a real creepy party game. The violence of the attack shows rage, so everyone should stab as hard as they can. This better work! That was weird. Okay,okay. Results? The force used to make the injuries on the bones was 24 newton meters. And the winner is, with 24 newton meters... Angela. What? Congratulations. Really? Height and weight? Oh,God. Uh,uh... Five,eight,one hundred and.. - What? - 135. It's all muscle. Karen Tyler is five-seven and 132 pounds. So,Kyle's girlfriend kills Carlie so they can be together? Well,then,why did Kyle run? Maybe he didn't. It sounds nuts but if she's the killer,maybe Karen got rid of him,********* you're sure that there's no way Richardson could have made these wounds? With his strength, the blows would have sliced deeper into the bone. Well,these seemed to go right through. Well,those were delivered after she was on the ground. So,Karen does the killing because they know everyone will be suspecting Kyle. I'd prefer not to make any more assumptions. There are particles in the knife marks. When she was on the ground, the knife passed through the body and picked up sediment from the dirt. The next stab imbedded that into the bone. If I can get enough information from these particulates, I might be able to locate the site of the murder. DNA results came back. It was Kyle under her nails. So he was there,too? Maybe.But we know he had a fight with her earlier that he admits. Fortunately,there was also the skin of somebody else. Test showed it was a woman. Hmm. Karen Tyler. We should get her DNA drawn as soon as possible. Smart. Let's go. I didn't do it. I swear,I would never hurt her. Hmm. And the other day,you said you and Kyle didn't know each other until after Carlie disappeared. Because we both knew what everyone would think. Karen,please don't say anything. Mm,even your lawyer thinks you did it. Kyle thought we should separate and meet up in a few months,so, you know,it wouldn't look so bad. Well,that didn't work out,now,did it? Open your mouth. Do I really have to do this? They have a warrant. When you were sleeping with Kyle, didn't it matter to you that you're destroying a family? We were in love. Oh. Love. Sorry. Now it's a beautiful story. Open again. Ouch! Oops. Kyle was going to tell her. We were going to be honest. Mm,'cause you know you do that so well. I would never hurt her. And neither would Kyle. Kyle. Right,the love of your life who no one has seen for two days. Can you see why I'm leery of relationships? We hit paydirt. Actually,we hit silt containing the feces of the gypsy moth,some quartz,and mica. That and the zinc levels in the dinoflagellates from the freshwater as well as the Pinaceae pollen led us to a patch of pitch pines outside of Gloucester City,New Jersey. She was killed right here. And when did they move her to the bay? They didn't. They left her in New Jersey. In the Rancocas Creek. She made it to the bay on her own. - Oh,what,she take the shuttle? - Basically. Two days after Carlie disappeared, there were thunderstorms in Central New Jersey. Heavy,heavy rains. The body must have been flushed down the Rancocas and into the Delaware River. Th,she slowly made her way down the Delaware and into the bay. The movement and the battering on the rocks loosened her weight, so she floated to the surface and washed ashore. I'm pretty sure Karen didn't see that coming,hmm? Now you're sure this is it? Zinc,mica,feces-- this is the place. Uh,it's beautiful here. Yeah,because,you know,that's important for a murder. Okay,the bodies were wrapped on the bank of the river. Sift the soil for the missing bones. Agent Booth? Over here. Look at that-- "C.R." Carlie Richardson's initials. You don't pack face cream and a nightgown if you're being abducted. Lot of vacation cabins nearby. If she was upset,this would be a good place to unwind. Oh,Karen Tyler said that she liked Carlie. She could have befriended her to lure her up here. Maybe Carlie's friends knew that she and Karen... were getting chummy. Did Carlie know about her? I thought they just  started going out. No. They knew each other from before. That bastard. Carlie knew Kyle was cheating on her. That's why they were fighting. And why she didn't want the baby. - Did she say that? - I don't care what's happening. To say that you don't want your child when you're getting ready to give birth-- it's not right. I think I did see this woman. I was driving home from work. They were in front of a Starbucks. I'm not sure if it was the day she disappeared, but I'm pretty sure it was around the same time. Thanks. Your kid's eating sand. I don't know how they can do it. Self-obsessed. They have no conscience. I don't know. They destroy anything that gets in their way. They're not even human. - The mothers? - Huh? Well,I was talking about the mothers. I'm talking about the killers. I understand killers. I just don't know how mothers can do it. I mean,dogs can be trained in a couple weeks. With kids,mothers have to give up their lives for years. I don't know. When you're looking at your kid, you don't even feel like you're giving up anything. - So you'd do it again? - What? You'd have Parker even with everything you're going through. What kind of question is that? Wouldn't it be easier if Parker wasn't caught in this drama of yours with Rebecca,the new boyfriend? God,no,no. Bones,he's my son. Whatever we're going through, it's-it's not about that. He knows that. That's what parents say when they want to justify themselves. You know,I haven't walked out on Parker,all right? I would never have done what your parents did. Well,I didn't say you would. I just... I don't know. You're the father. I don't know anything about raising kids,so... Parker's fine. - It's not Karen Tyler. - What? The DNA from under Carlie's fingernails doesn't match. And something else is weird. Tissue from the fetus shows evidence of escitalopram. What's that? It's a drug prescribed for depression. It's not weird. Carlie Richardson was having emotional problems with her husband. Carlie Richardson wasn't taking the drug. Hold on. None of this is making any sense. I agree. The only way the fetus could have the drug in its system is if it were passed from the mother in utero. Or through breast milk. How do you breast-feed an unborn child? Zack? An infant skull is made up of several separate bones that are... eventually fuse together. Look at the molding here. Oh,my God. I don't believe it. Yeah. Okay. Now everybody knows but me. This is not a fetus. The skull bones have shifted and overlapped because this child passed through the birth canal. This baby was born alive and lived about two weeks. But Carlie was pregnant when she was last seen. This isn't Carlie Richardson's child. The escitalopram in its system came from breast milk. Then what happened to her baby? The baby was cut out of her and stolen. This child replaced it. This child was dead before Carlie was murdered. You can see the traces of blood pooling in the cranium. Abusive head trauma. Evidence of shaken baby syndrome. Oh,God. You said the little guy was only two weeks old. Whoever the mother was was probably taking the mediation for postpartum depression. She got upset with the baby-- crying's the most common cause-- and she shook him to quiet him down. It can take as little as five seconds for an infant to die by shaking. Five seconds? The veins that attach the brain to the inside of the skull detach. Blood pools,the brain swells... Okay,I get it. All right,so what you're saying is that the mother kills her own son and replaces him with Carlie's. Fits the pattern-- she feels the guilt about what she's done and needs to make it right, prove to herself that she's still a good mother, so she takes Carlie's child and makes it her own. It's only been two weeks. Not many people have seen her kid. - Who would know? - Yeah,but the stab wous? All of Carlie's stab wounds are to the upper part of the body. The killer was careful not to hit close to the uterus because she wanted the baby alive. Your report indicas there were knife marks on the lower ribs. They seem to be made by whatever instrument was used to remove the child after Carlie was dead. Yup. I'm working on identifying it. We might be able to use the child's most prominent genetic characteristics to see similarities with the mother. Ange, can you input the information from the infant's skull to give us a face? Sure. Booth. Yeah. Right away. They've found Kyle Richardson. Got to wonder if he even cared, you know,finding out that his wife is dead. - He didn't kill her. - No,but he ran. How do you just cut your family out of your life like that? Well,what about Abraham? Oh,you're going to throw religion in my face right now? I thought you found answers in what you believe. I mean,that's just one Bible story that I just don't like. I mean,God commands Abraham to kill his own son,and he does. No,Abraham does not kill Isaac. But old Abe,you know,he had theintention. I thought what he had was faith. Look,I have faith,but if God himself came down, pointed at Parker and said, "I want you to..." You know? That ain't gonna happen. Well,God's messenger stopped Abraham? Yeah. You know,grabbed his hand at the last second, right before the knife was about to go in. Okay,then the lesson I would learn from this myth... Myth? - Well,it fits the definition. - Okay,fine. That when it comes to your children, your love has to be absolute. The messenger represents goodness, what you know to be right. Ergo,you have to remain open to what you know is true. Are you sure you're not religious? Science all the way. Science all the way. Hey,even an empiricist can have a heart,Booth. Too bad Richardson doesn't. Just lock me up. I can't go through this anymore. We know you didn't do it. What? Evidence doesn't fit you. Then who was it? Who killed him? You ran. Seems like you'd be the one who'd know. I would have told someone if I knew. Right,'cause,you know,you're such an honorable guy. The knife,the rope,the sheeting-- it all came from your place, and why didn't you tell the police it was missing? Oh. What,you check out what's in your garage every day? If you didn't know anything,why'd you take off? Because I'm a bastard. I'm a selfish,pathetic bastard, and everyone had already decided that I was guilty. - That's true,Booth. - Bones. No wanted to find another suspect. I kept on insisting. Thank you. I didn't do it for you. You are a pathetic bastard. Your wife was having your baby. Look,I did want to leave her,yeah. I was out that night, trying to figure out how to tell her. What with the baby and everything. But for God sake, I didn't want them to die. So,you have no idea who did this? I should,shouldn't I? I mean, I ignored her for so long. It's like this whole thing is my fault anyway. You know,if I had been there that night, maybe they'd still be here. We think your child might still be alive. I-I don't understand. The bodies you found? That wasn't your child. Whoever killed Carlie took your child and left theirs. Oh,my God. So,where's my kid? We don't know. Zack is working on the other knife mark. I saw some staining in the groove it left, so I did some tests. The stain is from Betadine. It's an antiseptic used to prep patients for surgery. Oh,someone was being really careful when they were cutting her up. It was the baby they were concerned with. Were you able to get enough detail from the skull for a digital reconstruction? Yeah. Since someone this young is still being formed, the,uh,features are generalized. The last place I worked had a drunk sketch artist. Wow. It's a baby. It looks like every baby. That's why I ran the reconstruction through an aging matrix. It posits the most likely growth pattern the skull would follow. Now,as it ages, the features become more distinct. By the time he's about ten, he shows very definite genetic characteristics. Robby! Don't eat that,honey. Hey,there you go. There you go,there you go! The mark on the ribs was from a scalpel. The woman is a vet,so she has medical training, which also explains the Betadine. Look at her,huh? Playing with the kid. Okay. Miss Corbus? I'm gonna have to ask you to hand us the child. What? Why? I think you know why. No. You want me to give you my son? No. He's not your son. We know what happened. He is. Robby is my son. We have a warrant to take a DNA sample from you,Miss Corbus. It'd be pretty hard to argue with that. She didn't want him. She told me she wished she had never gotten pregnant. It was wrong for her to have him. And killing your own child wasn't wrong? That was a mistake. I am a single mother. I'm alone. I just... I just wanted him to stop crying. It was just... it was just a few seconds. The doctor said I was sick,but I'm all better now. I know,sweetie. Miss Corbus? You can't take him from me. I'm a good mother. You can ask anybody. I'm a good mother. Give us the child. I'm a good mother. Mary Corbus,you're under arrest for the murder and kidnapping of Carlie Richardson and the murder of your son Robert Corbus. No,that's my Robbie,that's my Robbie. Oh,my God! I'm a good mother. I'm a good mother. He's fine? He's perfect. - And you're sure... - He's yours. When I thought he was gone, and Carlie I wished I could have changed how things had been. Don't you want to hold him? I don't know,um... the kind of guy I am... I'm no father. You don't get to decide that. You have a son. Step up. Take him. Hey. Thank you. Thank you. So you think Richardson can rise to the occasion? Be a decent father? He's got Carlie's parents to help him and I like to think that people can change. Faith and hope,right? Right. Ange will throw in love,too. Love is good. Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! - Parker! - Look what I did! Wow,look at that. Um,listen,you stay here with Dr. Brennan,okay? I'm going to go talk to your mommy,all right? all right? So this is how it's got to go down. I've got to meet your boyfriend with Parker here. Look,man,we're here because we want... I'm talking to Rebecca. Look,this was Drew's idea. And,you know,I told him it was going to be a bad one. - Dad,look. - One second,bud. Parker wanted you to see what he made for school. And he kept saying how much he wanted us to meet. And we'd be friends. Look,I got a kid I don't get to see much myself. I know what it's like. And I swear, the explosives were for work. Booth. Okay,look,look,look,look. We are what we are. And you can fight it if you want, but you're just going to fight with yourself. Maybe this isn't a good time. Maybe later. No,no,it's a good time. Let me buy you a cup of coffee,all right? - Let's go grab a seat. - Seriously? Thanks,man. That's okay,Bones,you can stay. It's a family thing. Bye,Parker. - Bye. - Bye. All right,what do we got here,huh? A diorama. It's the zoo. Drew helped me. The zoo? I hoped you thanked him. He did. Yes,he did. We gotta go to the zoo. He knows all the animals. All the animals? Wow. Okay,well,maybe afterwards we could all go out to dinner if that's okay with your mom. Yeah,that sounds good. My dad knows a burger place. I used to take him there after his T-ball games. Tell Drew about the burgers. He says they're as big  as my head. As big as your head.  We can all go. We can even bring Stu... -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> sync:YTET-gagegao