- I'm trying to piece together a skull. - Greatjob. So I wake up this morning and he's sitting there. No clothes on, just his bass. Singing to me in this low, low voice. It was creepy. - Is this conversation really appropriate here? - Sorry, but I'm into alive people. - Anyway, Todd has a friend. - I thought you said he was creepy. Todd, not the friend. - Good news. - I hope this is work-related. The <i>Anthropology Journal</i> is publishing our piece on the evolution of the coronal suture. Worthy interruption. - You're meant to bump my fist with yours. - Why? I'm told it's a widely acknowledged gesture of mutual success. I love it when you impersonate earthlings. This is weird. There's some guy in the lounge who asked me to give you this. Is he alive? This is an excellent start to a relationship. I didn't put a mirror underneath his nose. He said you'd know who he was when you opened it. OK, a guy who gets her to stop working? This I have to see. - You left it at my place. - Three years ago. My first time in Washington. I thought I'd return it in person. - Why didn't you say you were coming? - What if you didn't take my call? - You're a big important author now. - You could come down, you know? You could come up. Halfway. As always. I hope you don't have any expectations. - Do you? - Civility. - I can handle that. - So why are you here? George Washington University wants me to head their anthropology department. - They'd be lucky to get you. - They tried you first. - I already had ajob. - This is like watching cars mate. It's gotta be Michael. Stires. Her forensic anthropology professor from Northwestern. - They were... - Very, very close? Dr Brennan is my forensic anthropology professor. Does that mean...? (both) No. It seems like we should have dinner tonight, catch up? - Sounds reasonable. - Hey, Bones! Whoa. OK. Put it here. Easy. Bones, I got a present for you. Straight out of an illegal ravine on a dump in Fairfax. Our forensic people confirmed it's human matter. So, rather than open it and risk being trashed for contaminating the evidence, I decided to bring the whole refrigerator to you. What we need is a toaster oven. Bones? (sniffs) The body's gonna be mostly decomposed. - Which is my cue to leave. - This is where it gets fun. - All right, you can open it. - All right. Oh! OK. Uh... he or she? - She. - Late teens, early 20s. I'm guessing she's been in the refrigerator for a year. Is there enough insect activity to be more precise? There's always enough insect activity. Remove and clean the bones, Zack. Michael, you can pick me up at 7:30. I'll give you my address. - Beautiful lab. - Thanks. - Old friend? - Old teacher. They're actually going to eat dinner after seeing this? Well, I hope it's not soup. If she was his student and I'm her student, then it follows... Ain't gonna happen, Zacko. Not in this universe. Here's a sketch of the victim. Her skull was intact so it made it easy to work with. I just got her dental records. Name, Maggie Schilling. 19. Then I guess you don't need this. She was a dancer. Bone markers in her metatarsals. How do you go from the freedom of dance to being crammed into a refrigerator? I hope she was already dead when they shut the door. He's hotter than you said. Michael? Any other ex-Iovers come knocking on your door? The "ex" in ex-Iover is not a variable. - It's a constant, like the speed of light. - Save your dirty talk for the professor. I can assure you our relationship is purely platonic. We share the love of science. Neither of us has the time or inclination for emotional complications. - Sounds very reasonable. - I have to get this data together for Booth. Sure. Have a good dinner tonight. Maggie Schilling went missing 11 months ago. Her parents got a ransom note for S1 million. Negotiations went on for a couple of weeks. Then all contact stopped. The assumption was that the kidnappers killed her. - No visual physical trauma. - Cause of death? Not yet. But there are stress fractures on both wrists. We're running chemical analysis and toxicity screens on the effluent in the refrigerator. - OK. You'll call me later? - I'm not working tonight. I have a dinner. What? Wow. I just assumed that the two of you would be eating off an autopsy table. - Not tonight. - I was being... Tomorrow's fine. Call me tomorrow. (kissing/music plays) - We missed our reservation. - Ah, well. That's the price we pay for scientific exploration and discovery. You realise this is just recreational, Michael. Of course. I'm just impressed that we can pick up where we left off like no time has passed. Well, time is an imposed construct. It's nice to know we can rely on physics. You really think you'll move here? Depends on the offer. I could get you a position at the Jeffersonian. - Working for my old student? - Would that be a problem? Well, we're better when we're not vying for dominance in the same arena. I can't help it if I'm usually right. Does that mean you've closed the case on that girl in the fridge? I found some stress fractures on the wrist. Not much else. But I will. - Same old confident Brennan. - I'm sorry. Is school in session? Old habits die hard. She did fight, Michael. They kept her... tied up like an animal. But she fought. That's how she got those stress fractures, because she was bound and struggling. I just... I keep seeing her face. You know how it is. Using a refrigerator to hide a body. It's kinda perfect, isn't it? Good way to remove the victim. The rubber gaskets seal in the odour. Maybe the company should use that in their ads. - She's late. She's never late. - You worried about her? - I'm happy for her. - Why? - Remember that time you were late? - Oh. Yeah. Good morning, all. (Angela) Hey, you can take the day off. You deserve one day. Michael wanted to see our equipment. I'm gonna let that one go. The guys wanted to meet him anyway. - They could learn a lot from him. - You were Brennars professor? She was 23. An adult. - That's what Clinton said. - You run through a lot of students? That was a long time ago. Tempe was very advanced. More colleague than student. I'm a pretty advanced student. No offence, but I'm not interested. - No, uh, I meant me and her. - Oh, burn. What have you found? X-rays reveal low bone density and the parathyroid hormone levels are also low. There is a condition, hyperparathyroidism... Symptoms are muscle weakness, brittle bones. - Your struggle theory may be premature. - I doubt that. - You mean you don't want to be doubted. - I can take it. The fractures could be from her condition. - Unlikely. However... - Or unrelated nontraumatic fissures. Nontraumatic? Look at these. Well, it's something to consider. You don't want to jump to conclusions. I know you want to find who did this. This seems like an appropriate moment to discuss human goop. Chemical analysis of the liver and kidney tissues reveal evidence of hydromorphone. - Hydromorphone? - Also known as hospital heroin. - In what kind of concentration? - Given her size and weight, it's fatal. - Where did you go to dinner? - We stayed in. We need to know if that amount was accrued over time or was delivered in one large dose. - You didn't come back to the lab, did you? - I made a frittata. Oh, wow. He cooks, too. Can we share him? We need to know if it was administered intravenously or orally. I should go. I'm meeting with the board at the university. It was nice meeting you all. What? Is it so odd for everyone to see me with a man? Print out the levels of hydromorphone in her system. Find the overload point that caused fractures in her wrist. And examine the left ilium. There seems to be some kind of degeneration on the edge. I know it sounds terrible, but I hoped that she had just run away. That way I could believe she was still alive. She started turning against us in high school. Did a lot of drugs. We tried to help her. Sent her to rehab, therapy. - Kids have a lot to contend with these days. - We didn't help her, not really. We had nannies to raise her because we were so busy, and we sent her to shrinks instead of talking to her. Don't blame yourself. Environment plays a huge role in development. (Booth clears his throat) I'd like some pictures of Maggie so I can compare them with her remains. Pictures of her dancing would be most helpful, or swimming. - How do you know she danced and swam? - Some things can't be erased. I'm sorry. But I need to ask you about your daughter's drug problems. - Do you know what she was using? - Alcohol, ecstasy, marijuana. What about the narcotic hydromorphone? Hospital heroin? Doesrt sound familiar. She had a thyroid condition. Was anything prescribed for that? Her endocrinologist might know. (Mrs Schilling) We have to find who did this to Maggie. We have to do this for her. Maggie's condition didn't respond to medication. I wanted her to agree to surgery. What types of medication are we talking about? Furosemide, pamidronate. I tried various calcitonins. What about hydromorphone? There is no pain with hyperparathyroidism, but I knew Maggie had a drug problem. She was interested in getting opiates. She bribed my office manager for samples. - I'll need your office manager's address. - Ex-office manager. She's gonna be what you call a disgruntled employee. I didn't give Maggie those samples. She boosted them herself. - Barragan blamed me so he could fire me. - Why did he fire you? Because he's a horn dog. I tried to keep things professional. You know what I mean? He said you were closer to Maggie than any other patient. - Did you meet her parents? - Yes. Then you know she was pretty much on her own. We took her in. He said you went out together. That you took her to clubs. We just felt sorry for her, you know? She was Ionely so we showed her a good time, right? (woman) We went on a road trip. (man) Yeah, the three of us ended up in Atlantic City. (woman)... pills, vodka, weed. Mary wanted Maggie to go to meetings, you know? AA. That's very kind of you. Let's talk about your new refrigerator. Why? Mainly I'd like to know what happened to your old one. (woman over radio) We've got the FHA coming. The fridge we found her in is a match with the marks on the Costellos' floor. - They're sadomasochistic fetishists. - Yeah. Turned the basement into a fun room. Seeking sexual gratification through the manipulation of power. Probably the oldest of fetishes - master-slave. It's all about dominance. This comes up when the bloom goes off the rose. Know what I mean? - I don't know what you mean. - When it gets old, you need to spice it up. - When the sex is good, you don't need help. - That's for sure. - I'm sorry? - I was agreeing. Well, don't. It freaks me out. I'm just saying that I've no inclination toward pain or dominance when it comes to sex. - Are you sure? - Yeah, I'm sure. Because you can be very bossy. Look at him, huh? Ooh, look at him. All smiley. I bet he just loves these things. These could explain the fractures. Her bones were brittle from the disease. Struggling would cause the cracks we saw. The handcuffs are consistent with the injuries to her wrists. Maybe she wanted to be cuffed. Think about that? Here's what I was thinking. Female - dominant, strapped for cash - meets wealthy teenager on the outs with her parents, convinces her husband to hold her for ransom. - Any proof? Or is it story time? - You feed her pills to keep her quiet. The negotiations drag on. She dies of an overdose before an exchange is made. You seal her up in a refrigerator and you and your honey go back to playing "tie me up". (man) Maggie was an adult. We don't deny she was in the house, even cuffed. We don't deny there was a legal sexual relationship which got rough. - But Maggie was a willing participant. - And enthusiastic. You have no evidence my clients killed her. It's weird for you, huh? Being the one that's all locked up. The way you come at me, are you threatened or do I turn you on? Now I'm the one who's hating psychology. If you don't have anything but those cuffs, my clients will be out of here in 24 hours. I was right about how she got the fractures. - I don't have the time. I have an appointment. - The university can wait a few minutes. It's with someone they want me to meet. - If we start debating evidence, I'll be late. - There's nothing to debate. I can prove that Maggie Schilling was bound in fur-covered handcuffs. We found strands of matching fur embedded in the scaphoid and the lunate. - You can't prove it was involuntarily. - Oh, yes, I can. - It's not a competition. - No. The Olympics are a competition. Ours is a struggle to the death. Want to bet dinner? Yes. If we make it to a restaurant. - Bet's on. You got 10 minutes. - OK. (Bones) Pull up the frontal and lateral view of the victim's lower fibulas. You trained her well, Doc. She's brilliant. Little cocky, though. Yeah. Tell me about it. - <i>(Zack)</i> Here's the left... Here's the right. - Good partner. What you see is what you get. That's a rare quality. - This is between us, isn't it? - <i>(Bones)</i> Michael? Dr Brennan found marks on the medial malleoli, left and right. Her legs were bound. Mirror erosion patterns from the bones rubbing. If this were the result of sex games, then the legs, they wouldn't be bound together. Come on. Looking for a little nookie, the last thing you tie together are the legs. I'm not convinced. Brittle bones from her condition. It could've happened in a short time. We also found inflammation on her right humerus and ilium. The abnormalities show pathosis from lying in one position for a long time. The only explanation is long-term bondage. Decreased bone density could've caused it. This isn't definitive. - There's a nice French place I'd like to try. - I still have five minutes. - My department still works with Polaroids. - So what do you think? Very Impressive. Especially to the nonprofessional. You want science? Give me the estimated time of captivity. Approximately three weeks. OK, here are your affected areas. Now, during an advanced time simulation... You're winning, right? Can I see your findings? This appears to be indisputable. The narcotic in her system was not from recreational drug abuse. The inflammation would've been painful. The pain would've increased. They upped the dose of hydromorphone till they gave her too much. She died. Those people bound and killed that girl. I yield. French restaurant? I'm more in the mood for Italian. I need to put together the evidence for Booth to deliver to the US Attorney. I'll meet you at your place. Good work. Do you really think he can handle your success? Because of today? No, we've always been competitive. I know. But he's a man. And his student, a woman, has surpassed him. Michael is extremely secure, Ange. Honey, when you stuck it to him today, he was upset. It was a healthy debate between scientists. You don't know Michael. I know men. I know what happens when two people sleep together. - It's not like that. We're colleagues. - Colleagues with benefits. I don't know what that means, but Michael and I are not involved. I'm sorry if it's difficult for you to understand, but what we have isn't traditional. Don't talk to me about traditional. OK? I've dated circus people. You and Michael, you have something. And that's OK. That's good, even. Just be honest about it. Bones? Judge is holding them without bail. The US Attorney wants to send you flowers. Facts are facts. Bones, I have to ask. How much have you been sharing with the professor? - None of your business. - I mean, on the case. I've bounced everything off him. Why? - Keep him out of it from now on. - Out of it? Why? You know that appointment that he had today? - Yeah. - He met with the Costellos' lawyer. Michael is their expert witness. It's his job to tear apart the case that you've built. How could I not be upset? Basically you were spying on me. Spying? It's a criminal proceeding. You're required by law to disclose your findings to the defence. I only have to provide the raw facts we'll enter into evidence, not the process by which I arrived at those facts. I apologise. That nuance had escaped me. Why didn't you just tell me, Michael? The defence doesn't have to tell the prosecution anything. It's grounds for a mistrial. Look, I've never done this before. You're the teacher in this situation. I'm the student. A little competitive. Part of the job at the university is to be an expert witness. And, yes, I would like to do thatjob at least as well as you. But if you feel I've overstepped some boundary here, I'll back out of the case. No. But if you stay on, you have to move back to the hotel. - Really? - Yes. Well, would I have to do it tonight? Or should I order another bottle of wine? I suppose tomorrow would be soon enough. I apologise, Tempe. - He still at it? - Yep. And it is fascinating. - I want you to keep an eye on him. - That's not going to be a problem. Did you just give them a sign of encouragement? It's the first time I've looked at them without imagining Moe knocking their heads together. Booth, you're accessing your inner squint. You listed a fracture on the right femur. It looks minor. Do you consider it evidence? Dr Brennars conclusions belong to the prosecution. I don't want to destroy your case. I'm trying to get a sense... Of her interpretations of data, to which you are not privy, Dr Stires. I understand the game the doctor is playing. I'm capable of dealing with him myself. I'm sure he's thrown by findings he'd have missed. This is not about you and Dr Stires. This is about our reputation as a source of expert witnesses. OK, I'm... I'm on my own. Oh, in the interest of fairness, I am willing to share my thoughts with you. I red-pencilled a few things. - You corrected my findings? - Consider it an opposing opinion. My findings are based on facts, Michael, not opinions. You've finished your allotted time with the remains. - I'd like my people to get back to work. - Thank you. - You OK? - Why wouldn't I be? Cos the Nutty Professor's grading your paper. What'd he give you, anyway? - I was always happy with a B. - Well, I never got a B and I never will. That's my girl. US Attorney Levitt. Jury consultant Joy Deaver. Dr Temperance Brennan. Nice to meet you. I looked at your findings. We're in good shape. - Thank you. - Butjuries don't like you. - Excuse me? - I've seen you testify before. - You come off cold and aloof. I want... - Cold and aloof? Don't interrupt. You sound arrogant. Don't front-Ioad your testimony with technical crap. This is not the best approach. I'm a technical witness. I've testified in over 30 trials. The experts you've come up against are dry and boring. Have you seen their expert? - She's seen him, Ms Deaver. - Well, then you understand my concern. Professor Stires is open, charming, great-Iooking. Jury's gonna love him. I love him. This isn't a personality contest. It's about data we present to the jury. You're kidding, right? The women on the jury won't listen to a word he says. They'll be undressing him. I don't want the men on the jury to be putting more clothes on you. Wear blue. It suggests truth. Make eye contact with the jury. Lose the necklace. The Costellos murdered Maggie Schilling. The forensic data proves it. That should be enough. - But it isn't enough. - That's great. We'll take that under consideration. Thanks. Why didn't she say anything about you? You can be irritating. Bones, she's an expertjust like you. She has an obvious personality disorder, but she wants to help. Just try. - OK, sure. - Good. I can do it. Mary Costello lured Maggie Schilling into her home with the promise of drugs. She was not held against her will. She was, in fact, orchestrating the plot to extort money from her own parents, from whom she was estranged. They bound her for weeks, the pain growing. And to keep her quiet, they pumped her full of drugs. She died from a self-administered overdose. After killing their captive and ruining their chances of getting a ransom, they stuffed Miss Schilling's body into the refrigerator. Knowing they could be accused of murder, my clients panicked and disposed of her body. While their behaviour might be ill-advised, they are neither kidnappers nor murderers. Samples of hydromorphone were found in the Costellos' belongings. The lot numbers match those that were in Dr Barragars office. When I went to the Costellos' kitchen, I saw marks from the old refrigerator on the floor. It was like these marks, they screamed at me: "These people, they did it." - Objection. - Sustained. Just the facts, Agent Booth. Sorry. The receipt for the new refrigerator was dated two days after the negotiations broke off with the kidnappers. I mean, you figure it out. I know. I'm sorry. Any evidence she wasrt a willing participant in sexual activity involving those cuffs and other paraphernalia? Winding up in the fridge tells me that she really wasrt that into it. No direct evidence. Any evidence my clients forced Miss Schilling to take that narcotic? I'll leave those answers for the experts. Sciarids, also known as dark-wing fungus gnats, went through several life cycles. Also present were <i>Acaridae</i> and <i>Anotidae</i>. But the most interesting find was not a bug at all, but was common bread mould. All this data led to the same conclusion. She was in that refrigerator between ten... Even though we had medical and dental records to identify Maggie Schilling, I was also asked to do a sketch based on the architecture of her skull. That's sort of what I do. Turned out pretty accurate, if I do say so myself. She was a pretty girl. That's why I drew her smiling. It... itjust seemed right. I'm really sorry for what happened to her. And I hope my work helps you. The gelatinous puddle was tissue from which our labs extracted and analysed liver and kidney samples. The hydromorphone level in her liver was 8.4 and 6.6 in her kidney. Death occurs at 7.7 and 5.2 respectively. And why would they give her this narcotic? Short-term periosteal reaction on the right proximal lateral humerus was consistent with a bound individual. - So to rephrase... - Wrist restraints with hyperparathyroidism would account for the stress fractures on the distal anterior surface of the radii and ulnae. Her bones broke because she was struggling to free herself. Yeah. I believe I just said that. Thank you, Doctor. That'll be all for now. I'd like a recess with the right to recall the witness, Your Honour. OK. We'll meet back here in 30 minutes. She can't connect. Those killers are gonna walk. - It was well-reasoned. - Yeah, it was very scientific. You didn't listen to a thing I said. You were like Klaatu the robot up there. - Would it have killed you to speak English? - I wore blue, I looked at the jury. - For a people person, you're a little rude. - When did the facts stop working for you? I have no problem with facts as long as the jury understands them. - You underestimate their intelligence. - You overestimate their ability to stay awake. When these S-and-M perverts walk on this, it'll be on your head. Can you believe that? - What? You agree with her? - Well, not entirely. Not entirely? So that means partly. I was perfectly clear. Didrt you think I was clear? Sometimes. And... sometimes you were... a little hard to follow. - What are you talking about? When? - When you were... talking. I know you care about this case. You should let them see that. - I should perform? - A little bit. See how I portrayed myself as a no-nonsense, tough cop? - You are a no-nonsense, tough cop. - Exactly. It wouldn't hurt if the jury saw who you really are. I don't know who you think that is, Booth, because this is who I really am. Just this. God! Sorry. I'm OK. Are you? Sure. Well... Truthfully, this whole thing is pretty awkward, don't you think? - We're just doing ourjob. You'll be fine. - They have this jury consultant. They want to turn this into a melodrama. They don't know what a scientist is. - We're not allowed to talk about this. - I know. - My guy's gonna freak if he sees us talking. - Sure. Sorry. In my opinion, the levels of hydromorphone are more consistent with recreational use. Could you explain? I might not use all the technical language, but I'll try to make myself understood. Objection. The witness is impugning another witness. Sustained. Continue. I'm sorry. I, um, I don't do this professionally. People who need to relieve physical pain stop after the pain disappears. It doesn't take more than an average dose to accomplish that. Drug users are trying to bury emotional pain, which means that they will medicate until they feel nothing. So they tend to overdose, like Maggie Schilling. Sometimes intense chronic pain does not respond to medication. I'll bring it up. What about the claim that her pain was linked to being bound for a length of time? The Costellos have stipulated that they bound Miss Schilling as part of their rather unorthodox sexual life. And Dr Brennan agrees that Miss Schilling had hyperpara... Well, if I can simplify, a thyroid condition that could weaken her bones. No need to look for bondage scenarios. He's ignoring all the facts. With respect to my former student, Dr Brennan, I don't know why she became a forensic anthropologist. She seems to have ignored all but her preconceived notions about the case. - Objection. - Sustained. - I apologise. - Do you disagree with Dr Brennars data? Well, sometimes doctors can use data to confuse a very simple situation. I mean, I'm a doctor and I could hardly follow her. This case is about people, not incomprehensible technical jargon. These people shouldn't be convicted of murder - just because Dr Brennan sounds smart. - Your Honour, really! The jury will disregard Professor Stires' personal view of Dr Brennan. Court will adjourn until 9am tomorrow. Don't worry about a thing, OK? He wasrt acting as an objective expert. He was making up a story. The judge chastised him. That'll work for us. The hell it will. The jury loves Stires. He looks like a regular guy who's can't speak the truth because stupid rules get in the way. The rules ofjurisprudence aren't stupid. Dr Brennan, you need to learn the difference between reality and perception. - A trial is all about perception. - Wow. You're the reason civilisation is declining. - Talk to her. - I kind of agree with her. - Thanks. - I don't agree with you, I just don't like her. Put me back on the stand. I can rebut everything he said. - She can do this. - I'll think about it. I've never been in this position. I need to get back up there. All right. Just let me talk to him. Trial going badly? You don't usually cram at the last minute. The jury likes Michael better than they like me. Apparently that's a problem. Are they stupid? Compared to you, yes, they are. However, compared to you, most of the world is a little stupid. You have many skills, Temperance. Not one includes communicating with the average person, which is exactly whatjuries are made of. I am a better forensic anthropologist than Michael. Which is why two years ago I hired you instead of him. - Michael applied for this job? - Yes. - His credentials are better than mine. - Yes. But you are the more rational, reasoned, empirical scientist. And you care. And if he tries to convince you otherwise, tell him to go to hell. - Is it safe to approach, Dr Brennan? - Don't charm, Michael. - You're taking this personally. - I should be rational? - Yes. - Go to hell. You're not the only one with a consultant. I listened to mine. He told me to create reasonable doubt. I did. This one isn't about winning a dinner or showing up your former student. It's about putting two people away who murdered a 19-year-old girl. You can't personalise the work. Do you remember standing in a mass grave guarded by soldiers? We knew they were the same soldiers who killed the people we were digging up. I was just a student. I was scared. I turned to you and I asked, "What do we do?" That was a different place and context. You said, "We tell the truth. We do not flinch." You flinched, Michael. I can't ask her that. The line of questioning isn't relevant. He brought it up, so legally you can reintroduce it. - I don't see how it's gonna change anything. - Trust me, it will. Am I testifying? Only a prolonged struggle, not sexual activity, would cause a tearing of the gastrocnemius muscle on the distal portion of the bone. - So, in lay terms...? - The muscle avulsed. - She pulled a muscle. - Because she was immobilised. - Tied up. - These conditions have to be contextualised. The inflammation on the ilium, (fading) the stress fractures on the wrists have to be contextualised, the... Dr Brennan, why did you become a forensic anthropologist? Pardon? There must be a reason you chose this out of the other careers someone of your intelligence could choose. Was there some emotional reason, perhaps? - Objection. Relevance? - How does this pertain to the case? Dr Brennan is cold, distant and alienating, Your Honour. I need the jury to know why, so they might be willing to accept her testimony. - Her personality issues are not relevant. - They opened up this line of questioning. Dr Stires wondered why Dr Brennan became a forensic anthropologist. The defence must've thought it relevant. Sorry, Mr Meredith. You did raise the issue. Overruled. You may continue, Mr Levitt. Dr Brennan, your parents disappeared when you were 15. And no one's ever found out what happened to them. Isn't that correct? Please, answer the question, Dr Brennan. - That's correct. - It must be very painful. Is it fair to say you've tried to solve the mystery of their loss your whole life? Do I want answers? Yes. As how that has affected my behaviour, I don't put much stock in psychology. Is that why you wrap yourself in technospeak? So the victims don't remind you of your parents? My job doesn't depend on how I feel. But it's informed by it. Or are you as cold and unfeeling as you seem? I see a face on every skull. I can look at their bones and tell you how they walked, where they hurt. Maggie Schilling is real to me. The pain she suffered was real. Her hip was being eaten away by infection from lying on her side. Sure, like Dr Stires said, the disease could contribute to that if you take it out of context. But you can't break Maggie Schilling down into little pieces. She was a whole person who fought to free herself. Her wrists were broken from struggling against the handcuffs. Her ankles were ground together because her feet were tied. Her side, her hip and her shoulder were being eaten away by infection. The more she struggled, the more pain she was in. They gave her drugs to keep her quiet. They gave her so much it killed her. These facts can't be ignored or dismissed because you think I'm... boring, or obnoxious, because I don't matter. What I feel doesn't matter. Only she matters. Only Maggie. Tempe. Tempe. Tempe, I'm sorry. What can I do? Bones. The Costellos are trying to cop a plea to a charge that won't mean the death penalty. - They know they're going down. - You had no right. - There are things that are private. - Yeah. Maybe you're right. But you know what? This was my case, too. All right? So, nothing personal? Guilty on all counts. Yeah. - So he owes you another dinner, huh? - No. I won't be seeing him any more. Sorry. I was foolish to be so open with him. It was irrational. - You know how you get when you're tired. - Yeah. - You want to go out? Grab a drink? - Um... I think I just want to work. OK. - Hey, Bones. - What is it? I'm not feeling very forgiving. Yeah, I know, but... we have a case. Victim is an adult male, 35 to 40 years old. From the pattern of the burning, I'd say an accelerant was used. Hand me my bag? Yeah. Sure. Listen, do you want my coat? It's cold up here. - If I did, I'd ask for it. - Yeah. Sorry. And, uh... I'm sorry. You had something to accomplish. You found a logical way of getting what you needed. I probably would've done the same thing.