the undigested remains of a human leg. - What's wrong? - That's got to hurt. A seasoned law enforcement agent who still has empathy for a victim. I'm glad to know you're out there. At your service. Dr. Bryar is from the National Atmos-Ocean Association. Called us this morning. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Andrew was joking. He likes to put people at ease. It's a nice quality. Everybody likes to laugh. Except that guy. Well, the weird thing is nobody reported a shark attack <i>anywhere</i> along the Seaboard. You can make an I. D from the leg? I've seen Temperance I.D. a victim from a single fingernail clipping. I've never done that. Well, maybe not that, but, you know, things <i>like</i> that. You know? She's my partner; I'm sure we could help you out. I'd be grateful. Yeah, I should, go and clear out. I'll let you do your thing. Well, that was a speedy exit. Shall we? The victim is likely male. These shallow cuts and deep gouges, in conjunction with location of recovery, are likely indications of COD. We need to count osteons to determine age, but the length of the tibia indicates a height of between five foot and five six. - A short guy got bit by a shark? - Now... These look like six-ridge dermal denticles. That can't be. A tiger shark doesn't have dermal dticles. Then the victim encountered multiple predators at the same time. That is highly unlikely. Well, this... simple symmetrical bite. - That's a tiger shark. - This is different. Some kind of... small, conical canine. - That's red snapper. - Then... this serrated bite. Oh, my God. A hammerhead. - What? This sounds good. - Hammerheads are tropical. It's unlikely you'd find one this far north. Where's the nearest place a tiger shark, a hammerhead, and a red snapper could coexist? How about the aquarium? You don't get to be deputy director of the FBI by just dressing well and kissing ass. Okay, yeah, that's most of it, but I'm probably right about the aquarium. According to NOAA, this facility focuses on mare rescue and preservation. A rehabilitated tiger shark was permanently released into the ocean this Saturday. Jaws grabs a quick snack before heading back out into the wild? Shark attacks are very rare. I mean, sharks, they don't even like to eat people. - That's true. How do <i>you</i> know that? - "Shark Week," you know? Where they do nothing but make you afraid of sharks. Wait, they have a week set aside just for sharks? It's a TV thing. Dr. Stoddard. Marilyn. I work in the Animal Husbandry Department. I'm Dr. Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian. Was someone eaten here this weekend? The tiger shark that you released this past Saturday, can you show us where you kept him? Yeah. Come-come right this way. Since when do fish have husbands? Animal husbandry is the science of breeding livestock. Since when are fish livestock? Well, the term can be applied loosely. This is the tropical reef tank where the tiger shark was kept prior to release. Originally, he required isolation, but once he recovered, we placed him in here to see how he would interact with the others. - Recovered from what? - His fin was very nearly severed, probably from a dragnet. How'd he get on with the other fish? Just fine, as far as I can tell. You also have a hammerhead? Hiding somewhere. This tank is over 600,000 gallons. You can only see a portion from this side. - It's like an ocean in itself. - It is. But I'm pretty sure we would see evidence if a human being had been eaten in there. - Anyone missing? - Employees, you mean? Or guests? No. How about missing a leg? No. I think we would notice something like that. Anything unusual? The Facilities Department lost an expensive filter. There was slight spike in the ammonia levels, but nothing out of the ordinary here, certainly nothing close to a fatal accident. Okay, now, who's gonna go in there to get <i>that?</i> Bones - Season 5 Episode 18 "The Predator in the Pool" Synchro: ShalimarFox, JoJo13, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- You know what? You don't have to go in. I do. We need to recover what's left of the victim to have any hope of identification. Okay, time-out, okay? Have Hodgins do it. I look like Richard Dreyfuss, don't I? "We're gonna need a bigger boat. " We don't need a boat. Why are you wearing that hat? Keep his brain warm, okay? Make Hodgins go in there and do it. There is nothing to be afraid of. Yeah. You know, sharks, they don't eat people. Really? Tell that to the guy who got, you know, coughed up by a grouper. Okay, who's going in? You guys know what you're doing? It isn't a swim in a fish tank. Isn't that exactly what it is? Yeah, a really big, cool one. It's a recovery of a body in the investigation of a potential homicide. Any questions, you ask me, understand? Keep your eyes on me. Ready? - Yes. I am. - Ben here will escort you to the tank. Agent Booth,  you'll be able to communicate with her on our intercom system. - Thank you. - Good luck to you. Bones? Bones, are you there? We're right here, Booth. This is beautiful. I'll get the skull. You see if the's any other bone particulates. I have the interior aspect of the skull. - You'd call it a face, Booth. - Pipe down there, pal. Hodgins, over here. Look. I thought I would stop by and see if you'd made any progress today. Dr. Brennan, she's still working on the identification. It's... what we do. - Do you mind if I ask you a question? - Sure. Come on in... It's my office. It's very nice. Yeah, right? I was wondering if you wanted to go out sometime. Maybe this weekend. Unless, of course, I'm a suspect. 'Cause I know you can't date me if I am. I can't date anyone who's a suspect. I understand. Yeah, right? It's FBI, rules, regulations... But, you know, when we're done with you, I can give you a call, and... you can go out with me, or... I can go out with you. - How about both? - Look at that. I'm looking forward to not being a suspect. I am too. Let me know if you hear anything more about the identification. Yeah, yeah, I will. All right. The pelvis verifies the osteon count. He was between the ages of 30 and 34. The fusion of the vertebrae could indicate an injury to the spinal cord. Anything off the spectroscope? The distal tibia from the leg we found originally... it confirms the presence of perimortem bruising. When the shark attacked the victim, he was alive? Yes. Take a look right here. I found a cleft fracture of the styloid process. Probably blunt-force to the throat. And here, several multidirectional grooves along the glabella and the supraorbital ridge. The victim was stabbed in the eye? Varying degrees of force may suggest that someone tried to stab the victim in the face with a narrow, sharp object. Okay. Well, that makes this an official homicide. The victim was assaulted and then dumped into the tank alive as a means of disposal. I think I know when it happened. Meet <i>deploria labyrinthiformis,</i> better known as the groovy grooved brain coral native to the Caribbean, Bermuda and Bahamas. Why is it here? Coral skeletons a create tiny crystals of calcium carbonate at night. So for us, this provides a timeline similar to tree rings. Coral can tell us what was in the water and when it got there. If you have a year to wait. No. That is the beauty. Because of the rapid nature of the growth, the timeline is condensed. - How specific is it? - Within hours. Now, a spike in ammonia and nitrate levels found within the coral skeleton tells us that something died in tha tank on Friday night between midnight and 6:00 A.M. Something big... like... human being big. These here are the 28 people we know who were at the aquarium Saturday morning between the hours of midnight and 6:00 A.M. Most of them are, employees and security guards. - Are all of them still alive? - We're working on that right now. This NOAA thing is turning into a full-fledged investigation. Who is that? It's Hacker. Tell I said I. Bones says hello. Hello. Tell her I'm really looking forward to our date. Did you two want to speak to each other, or is there something that you wanted to tell me, sir? I called 'cause I got a heads-up on your missing person. Gotcha. - What did he say? - He's looking forward to our date. Your date. Well, so am I. He e-mailed me and said he had tickets to a play. - He e-mailed you? What, for a play? - I believe that "play" is Andrew's code for sex. Is it okay for us to talk like this? When he invited me to the play, I thought it was code for sex, so I said no. I said yes to coffee. Maybe that's a code. Angela informed me that coffee isn't a code for anything. I have a date, too. Good. Catherine Bryar. Every at the aquarium is a suspect. And once she's eliminated as a person of interest... Why did Andrew call? Number 19 on our list isn't accounted for. - Jazz Gunn? - Yeah. What a ludicrous name. You don't know who that is? My name is Jazz Gunn. And I have a secret to tell you. In the simplest terms, the terrestrial world we live</i> in mirrors the underwater world you see right here.</i> The same rules that govern the sea also govern the sea of life. Jazz Gunn is your average and I do mean, "average," self-help guru. His half-baked theory is based on nothing more than the concept of natural selection, but his sea of life seminars are packed. The shape of his skull is consistent with that of the victim. - I have never heard of him. - I have. He spent Friday night getting ready to prepare for this speech that he was supposed to give this morning at the aquarium, he never showed up. He said that he had a car accident in '93 that left him unable to walk, but after he swam in the sea off the coast of Brazil, he was cured. What, like a miracle? Like this power of positive thinking? - It's preposterous. - He swam with sharks. He said that by forcing himself to face his atavistic fears, he gained the strength to fight back. That's the whole theory behind - the Sea of Life. - What, so now this guy, what? He gets paid a hundred bucks a pop to talk about that in front of fish tanks? Let's begin with life lesson #1. Eat or be eaten. What if your friends and neighbors tried to eat you? Look at this guy. His name is Tad Benedict. Benedict used to be Jazz's assistant, but, now Jazz does it solo. They had a widely publicized falling out. What does he have in his hand? - That's a pen. - It looks like a metal stylus. The victim was stabbed with a small, sharp object. Theodore Benedict. He's on our list of people that were there at the aquarium Friday. Maybe Jazz hired him. Or he showed up on his own with a chip on his shoulder. - And a pointy pointer in his hand. - Or, like life lesson #1... "Eat or be eaten. " Tad, is it? Yeah. No. I can't believe this happened. Who would want to kill him? People love him. The easy answer is "you. " - You worked for him three years ago? - Off and on starting three years ago, yes. Let's forget about the on. Just focus on the off. It says you were dismissed - after an argument over compensation? - I wanted a share of the profits. I felt like I did a lot of work, he made all the money. - I couldn't think of a clearer motive. - Come on. Do I look like I could do that? But, I've seen the video. Jazz is about, what? 5'4? And you? The way you were wielding thatpen around of yours that you had, it was fierce. You do know that that fight was all over, right? He called me a couple months ago when he oversold a seminar in Santa Fe. He needed help and apologized. - I needed the job, so I went back . - He pay you? I get a percentage after each seminar, like I asked. And he took me and my wife to Aspen for Christmas. I more than forgave him. You want to know what I think{\, Agent Booth}? Sure. Jazz loved the sea. He wanted to swim in that big tank at the aquarium. He told me. Is this a live feed of the tropical reef tank - at the aquarium? - Yep. With an interactive interface I implemented myself. Check this out. Click on this guy. The program has an index that catalogs anything organic. This is incredible, Angela. May I try? Look what I found in the filter from the aquarium. It's a five-inch piece of tanned putrescible animal raw hide. From a fish? A wallet. If you go into a fish tank willingly, you remove your wallet, right? You should leave this up. It's beautiful. Peaceful. Pure. It's kind of scary, though, right? I like scary. Yeah, so do I. Clark is trying to determine what sort of weapon the killer may have used when stabbing at the victim's face. Hodgins, please keep me posted about what you find in the filter. Did you have time to examine the grooves? I did. Syringe? Taking a closer look, I saw some of the deeper grooves had a faint semi-circular ridge near the point of contact. I thought it would be consistent with the hub of a hypodermic needle. In terms of diameter, 14-gauge is about right. There are no matching grooves on the styloid process. No. That injury is simple blunt-force. If the victim was stabbed with a hypodermic needle, - something may have been injected. - hard to tell with the body being submerged and I can't find the perfect needle to match either. Maybe I can. Excuse me. We're back. I see that. Can I help you with something? - Why is she taking that tone? - She just doesn't like being pinned as a murder suspect. I can deal with that. What I don't like is having every piece of information I give you double-checked. What can I do for you? - We wanna see your hypodermic needles. - All right. What sort of needles? The 14-gauge with a round hub and a blunt tip. - Exactly. - We don't carry anything like that. Okay. Anything similar? I realize you need to double-check, so please, - go right ahead. - Also need to know who had access to it - on the night the victim died. - I wasn't back here that night. What's wrong with these angelfish? They've been listless the past few days, most likely due to something they ingested. Or someone. We should take these fish back to the lab. No, you can't. These are a gift from Morocco. They need to be tested for trace evidence in a murder investigation. - We'll get them back. Don't worry. - I may or may not get them back to you. Wait. You just said that you weren't here that night. - You already said that you were. - Not in this area. No one was back here after midnight. I was out in the lobby, helping with the kids. Kids? What kids? Our education department hosts field trips for local elementary students. I was helping the teacher. I teach fourth grade. My students are mostly nine- and ten-year-olds. We usually do the Natural History Museum and I thought we'd try something new. So we tried the aquarium. 36 kids overnight. That's... that's very brave of you. Kids that age, when they fall asleep, they're like little corpses. - Did you have any help? - Yes. Four mothers, the same four mothers who do everything. - I can give you their names. - That would be great. Thanks. - Where did you sleep? - In sleeping bags on the floor. The aquarium people left the lights in the big tank until midnight. It was beautiful. I'm just wondering. How is it that so many people can spend the night in front of a tank and not see a man being eaten by sharks? When they turned the lights off, it was dark. Agent Booth, believe me. If one of those kids had seen anything, they would all know about it by now. - Why? - First of all, they're blabbermouths. And second, they were all issued these disposable cameras. And they take pictures of everything. - Everything? - Everything. Pam, stop hitting Steven. Just tell me if any of these kids is a killer. It's tough to tell your average nine-year-old - from your average psychopath. - Don't say that, all right? - I have a kid nearly that age. - Children are still forming their sense of ethics at this age. Like I said, they're basically sociopaths. It's true. Kids, don't touch the TV. Thanks, Lucy. Your photos will be returned after they're developed and perused for the investigation. But what about the contest? We told the kids it was a photo contest. That's good. Spare them the trauma of the murder. Good idea. - Murder? - No, no. - No murder. - Photo contest. - First prize: amusement park. - No one said "murder. " First place goes to amusement park. Go ahead. - I saved you on that one. - I know. You'll thank me later. Next. So I'm looking for evidence of shark attack and murder while simultaneously judging a photo contest. You possess the necessary overlapping skills. Well, between 36 disposables and ten cell phone cameras, we've got quite a selection here. You said that "coffee" isn't code for anything, right? Sweetie, I think you need to stop worrying about sex codes. Hacker is a very up-front guy, who is also extremely politically savvy. - Talk about strange overlapping skills? - I don't know what it is. Hacker is very sophisticated in his job, but he's much more transparent in his personal life. - Does that sound like anybody you know? - Me? - So you mean we're compatible? - You know who I think you belong with. I don't belong with anyone, Angela. Do you? Well, I'm grappling with those same issues. So, yes, go have coffee with Hacker. And if it goes well, then maybe you guys can graduate to lunch. What should I wear? Clothing. Look at this. Let me see that one. Let me see if I can, scan this. - It's definitely a person. - That's not our victim. The proportions are wrong. But no one was supposed to be back there. At 2:38 A.M. Hodgins said that the victim died in the tank between midnight and 6:00 A.M. So this could definitely be our killer. That is the most unpleasant smell. Angelfish smoothie? You killed the Moroccan angelfish? No, I did not. They died on their own. - Only afterwards did I puree them. - I really hope you can prove that. - Those aquarium people love their fish. - Don't worry. The angelfish died from a generic organic protein-based neurotoxin that's found in lots of different yummy places, like the flagellum of bacteria. Did they absorb it through their gills? - I think they ingested it. - By snacking on our victim? No. This neurotoxin's not strong enough to kill a fully grown human male. What if it was injected through his eye? You know, more than once. It'd be disorienting, as would any injection into the eye. Perhaps Dr. Saroyan can find traces in what's left of the body. Thank you. - Clark. - Yeah. Feel I should warn you. Angela and Wendell... they broke up. What's that got to do with me? She may be on the market for a new intern. Listen. I'm gonna... break my cardinal rule for you and offer some good advice. Don't do that. Do what? Channel your own frustrations into snide illusions. "Snide" is a strong word. I found this for you. It was in the vacuum. Looks like an enterolith. In cats, you would call it a hairball. Though, in this, I see some bone fragments within its composition. Take it. It's all yours. Thanks. What is it now, Dr. Hodgins? Thank you for breaking your cardinal rule. I'll take what you said under advisement. Good. Just know that I really don't need to know the outcome. Why can't you just lighten up the guy's face and, you know, zoom in? Because it was a cell phone camera that was aed by a child. The Plexiglas at this point is a foot thick. - And 30 feet of water. - At night. - I was just asking. - Okay, so I use some warping software to reverse the direction of the distortion that was caused by the waves on the surface of the water. Then I lit it up. - But this is the best that I can do. - Okay. We'll print that up and get it to Booth. - I know this man. - You do? Yes, his name is Ben. I saw him working at the aquarium. - Are you sure? - Absolutely. So why didn't you clock in, Ben? - Probably 'cause I wasn't working. - Really? There you go. You see? And on top of it, we have photographic evidence that shows that you were. Right. That night. Right, that night. Just a routine night at the aquarium. Man gets murdered and then he gets fed to the sharks. I wasn't supposed to work that night. But I switched shifts. - I didn't clock in using my own card. - Doesn't matter. Fact is, you were there. So let's start this all over again, shall we, okay? There's a check made out to you, Ben Marcus... that's you, right?... for $10,000, deposited the day after the murder. - I can explain that. - Signed by one Dimitri Vladov. Oh, man. This looks bad 'cause he's a big Russian mobster type. Of course it looks bad. It's made out to you for $10,000. For what? It's not what you think, but if I tell you... Vladov will kill me. I want a lawyer. I'm not saying anything else. I'll just go ask Vlad. Do you think you could leave my name out of it? - No? - No. Dimitri Vladov? Vladov the Impaler paid for a hit with a check? I mean, why would Vladov hire an amateur? And pay by check? That's not a good sign for law enforcement. Not a good sign for culture as a whole. You know what we ought to do? Pool our money together, buy a buffalo ranch in Alberta. Sir, why do I feel like you're stalling so I don't talk to this guy? - I am, yes. - Why? Why go out on a limb when you know it's gonna break? Vladov's under surveillance by about five federal agencies, - and nothing ever happens. - How'sthat? - What's the Russian word for "Teflon"? - Teflofistan? He has been brought up on 50 charges everything from homicide, RICO, prostitution. They've been smuggling counterfeit vodka for years. He has a brilliant trick to keep himself out. - What's that? - He denies doing it. It's gotten to the point, when he denies, it's his way of saying yes. I'm not afraid to bring this guy in. You should be. If you value your pension, you should be. I'm not, even when you sound like Yoda. You want me with you? - Why? - The nickname is self-explanatory. - I can handle it. - Good. But I truly hope that you don't end up getting eaten by sharks because your successes have done wonders for my career. This looks like your friendly neighborhood gill raker. What's that? That... that would be your friendly neighborhood gum wrapper. It's Booth. Listen, you got to help me. I got a hot lead and a funny feeling. I don't understand the juxtaposition. I just need a really strong, really compelling piece of evidence. Usually, all you say you need is your gun and your wits. I've come to depend on your wits, too. What kind of proof do you need? I need something that links a Russian mobster to a self-improvement guru who gives speeches in front of fish tanks. I'm witless. This is the Russian mobster who smuggles booze? That's the nicest thing he does. Is somebody doing something there? Hodgins is doing a demonstration in his beaker. It's a fact that Russian "businessmen" add blue dye to tankers of clear alcohol and import it as glass cleaner, thus avoiding the high tariff on booze. Now, once it gets to the States, they need to remove the dye so that they can bottle the booze as vodka. Only way to do that... is from a reverse osmosis filter. I got "filter" out of that. Marilyn at the aquarium told us that they're missing a filter. - The mob can't go buy a filter? - This one is special. It's really huge and extra good. - See? - No, I don't see. I'm in another place. I'm driving. If you were, you'd be impressed. Our victim witnesses a filter theft - and gets killed for it. - Hit him with the filter. - That's your connection. - Hodgins means metaphorically, Booth. If you hit a Russian mobster with an actual filter, he'd probably impale you. That's great. Thanks for the tip. Mr. Vladov, could you, please describe your line of work? For the purposes of this conversation, importing and exporting mostly glass cleaner. Is that 80 proof? You know what you know, fine. But what we are talking about here is different. How about you tell me what it is you think I did. Then I tell you I did not do this thing. Then we part ways amicably. You know a motivational speaker by the name of Jazz Gunn? That's a silly name. How about Ben Marcus? Works at the Aquarium of the Atlantic. I even more vehemently deny knowing this person. Did you hire Ben Marcus to steal a filter - from the giant tank? - I deny this categorically. That your check? That's your name. Right there... Dimitri Vladov. And that's your signature. Check was written out to a man who was photographed at the scene of a murder. He cashed it the next day. No, that is not my check. - It is. - It is not. It's illegal to provide false info that may impede an investigation. I'm not aware of this. You're aware of it now 'cause I'm telling you. Am I under arrest? I don't know. Are you? I like you, Agent Booth. And I've told you everything I know on this issue. You now owe me a favor. I owe you a favor? - I don't owe you anything. - You do. No, I don't. May I interest you in our final selections from the filter? Dorsal fin from a foxface rabbitfish. I believe this is some sort of sea turtle feces, a rusty paper clip, and the broken spine of a lionfish. - That's all she wrote. - Throw in the embryonic cells of a blue shark and the remains of a human vertebra. Embryonic cells. I need to see your virtual aquarium. Sure. Is there a blue shark in this tank? I don't think so. No. No blue shark. That's not possible. How would those embryonic cells get into the tank? - It's a closed system. - They weren't. They were in the victim. The embryonic cells of a blue shark can be injected between the vertebrae to form an infrastructure matrix that facilitates neural transmission. It restores the spinal cord. It was progressive surgery that restored Jazz Gunn's ability to walk. It had nothing to do with his ridiculous theory. What a little liar. I have to tell Booth there's a scientific explanation for this. You know what else is missing from this tank? Lionfish. Looks like a 14-gauge. Jazz Gunn was a liar. He wasn't cured by swimming in Brazil. He underwent experimental surgery. Think of all the people he misled. That's motive for murder. Is this what you're looking for? The edge of this tank is damaged. It still holds water. We're on a tight budget around here. This explains the cleft fracture on the victim's styloid process. You lost me, Bones. The lionfish protects itself with venomous spines containing the same neurotoxin that stunned our victim - prior to his death. - So no hypodermic needle? There were several spines from one venomous fish all coming into contact with the victim's face at the same time. So this fish stabbed him in the eye? That is consistent with the wounds, yes. - This the only lionfish you have here? - That's it. Pterois antennata. - I call him Bob. - Bob. Bob is our murder weapon. The victim and the killer gained access to the back area of the aquarium before the door was locked. Jazz saw the lionfish in quarantine. This represents the quarantine tank. Jazz was all about facing his fears. He saw one of the world's most venomous fish and was taking a look at it from above the surface, when someone forcibly pushed his head down into the tank, causing a cleft fracture of the styloid process. We used to do that in junior high, but we used a toilet. This man died of a lionfish swirly? Now several of the venomous spines penetrated the eye area. A few broke and remained embedded. Now with the victim disoriented and unconscious, it was easy to drag him off to the big tank nearby. Unconscious underwater, he was dead with his first breath. And those fish tore him apart. That's where this theory actually holds true: eat or be eaten. Jazz Gunn flew to Brazil every six months. He had his surgery at a special clinic in a small town called Itamarca. That would be consistent with the maintenance injections required semiannually. Although Itamarca, Brazil is a long way to go to get them. He's got to keep up the front. Tell everyone he's going for another swim in the sea, right? But guess who else paid a visit to Itamarca this year? So Brazil's a pretty expensive vacation for a schoolteacher. I love to travel. To the very same beach where Jazz Gunn claimed to have been healed by the sea? How many of his seminars did you attend? - The FBI will find out. - You said you didn't know who Jazz Gunn was. I went to nine of his seminars. I have fibromyalgia. And that bastard convinced me that if I just faced my fears, that magically all of this pain would just disappear. - He lied. - You brought a group of fourth graders along as an alibi for murder? It was a coincidence. He took me back to see this poisonous fish. "Come face your fears", he said. Last thing he should have said to me right then. I'll tell you what, though. He might have been on to something, that bastard. Because ever since I shoved his lying face into that poisonous fish, I haven't felt any pain. I'm going to have coffee with Andrew. All right, have a good time. Thank you. I'm going to see someone, too. - Dr. Catherine Bryar. - The case is closed. She's very nice. The two of you seem compatible. Maybe. You know, we'll see. She's easily as pretty as I am. I mean, using me as a standard. Bones, you are the standard. Andrew is not as handsome as you. Using you as a standard. He is, however, taller. Catherine isn't as smart as I am. - I'm not as smart as Hacker. - You once said he was a doofus. He is a doofus. A smart doofus. I hope you have a good time together. Yeah, you, too. Thanks. - I'm not late, am I? - Not at all. We were catching a murderer. This is the best excuse for being late I've ever heard. You said I wasn't. I was putting you at ease. One of my strengths. That, and I can write longhand perfectly in the dark. Sorry. Sit down. Congratulations on solving the murder. Now Booth can have sex with Dr. Bryar. Because she was involved in the investigation, and the FBI does not allow socialization with suspects or consultants. And for a while, she was both. My God. Are you allowed to see me socially? Absolutely. I got clearance. - From whom? - From myself. In fact, I not only granted permission, I insisted that I see you socially. That's funny because you're satirizing bureaucratic rules by adhering to the letter of the regulations instead of the spirit of it. You've got a great laugh. You do. It's a Rat Pack laugh. - I don't know what that means. - You don't know about the Rat Pack? That's awesome. Why? The Rat Pack does not sound like a good thing. 'Cause you will notresist the man who showed you that the Rat Pack is a good thing. Tell me the truth: did you think, even for a second, that I might be the murderer? I may not know who did commit the murder, but I definitely know who didn't. Yeah, yeah, I know, you're a scientist, so that whole intuition thing is just a load of crap, right? I have an intuition about you. Really? It tells me that you could use some company. I could use some company, really? I make you laugh. You make me laugh. You're going to make me laugh? Do you think these diamond earrings are real? - I don't know. - I could tell that they were real the minute my ex gave them to me. - How so? - Because no one would buy fake diamonds this small. All right. So give me a call if you want to have dinner sometime. You want to have dinner sometime? Sure. Angela and Hodgins find the fish tank to be very romantic. The mystery of the deep. The great unknown. It's a body of enclosed water filled with aquatic ectothermic vertebrates. Not unknown at all. But pretty. Maybe that's what they like. That's probably what it is. I bet that's what it is. So, your date... how was that? Quite enjoyable. Andrew is charming and very funny. I can see you're still smiling. What about you and Catherine? Did you have a good time? We laughed. A lot. It felt good. I'm gonna see her again. Excellent. - You deserve a good woman. - So do you. I mean, not... a woman, but you know what I meant. I know. So, what did you laugh about? She said something about her earrings. She wore amusing earrings? She said that they were a gift and she knew that they were real 'cause no one would buy fake diamonds that small. They might if they were on a tight budget. No. It's... It doesn't matter. You had to be there. Andrew is going to introduce me to a Rat Pack. He was very excited about it. They must be extraordinary rodents. Yeah. Talented, too.