You’re doing a great job. So I wake up this morning and he’s sitting there right? No clothes on just his bass. Singing to me in this low, low voice, it was creepy. Angela, is this conversation really appropriate here? Sorry but I’m into live people. Anyway Todd has a friend. I thought you said he was creepy? Todd, not the friend. Good news. I hope this is work related. The Anthropology Journal is publishing our piece on the evolution of the Coronals suture. for the interruption. You’re supposed to bump my fist with yours. Why? I’m told it’s a widely acknowledge gesture of mutual success. I love it when you two impersonate earthlings. Okay now, this is weird. There’s some guy in the lounge who asked me to give you this. Is he alive because this is an excellent start to a relationship? I didn’t put a mirror underneath his nose or anything. He said that you’d know who he was when you opened it. Okay. A guy who gets her to stop working? This I have to see. You left it at my place. Three years ago. First time I’ve been to Washington thought that I should return it in person. Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming? What if you didn’t take my call? You’re a big important author now. You could come down here you know. You could come up. Half-way. As always. I hope you don’t have any expectations? Do you? Civility. I can handle that. So, why are you here? George Washington University wants to talk to me about heading their Anthropology department. They’d be lucky to get you. I assume they tried you first. I already had a job. This is like watching cars mate. It’s got to be Michael Stires, her forensic Anthropology professor from North Western. They were… Very, very close? Mm. Dr. Brennan is my Forensic Anthropology professor. Does that mean? No. It seems like we should have dinner tonight, catch up? Sounds reasonable. Hey Bones! Whoa. Okay, put it here, easy. Bones! I got a present for ya straight out of an illegal ravine found in a dump in Fairfax. You see our forensic people confirmed it was human matter so rather then open it myself and risk being trashed by you for contaminating the evidence; I decided to bring the whole refrigerator to you. All we need is a toaster oven. Bones? Bodies going to be mostly decomposed. Which is my cue to leave. This is where it gets fun. Alright, you can open it. Alright. Phew! Okay. Uh, he or she? She. Eighteen… early twenties. I’m guessing she’s been in the refrigerator for a year. Is there enough insect activity to help us be more precise? There’s always enough insect activity. Remove and clean the bone Zach. Michael you can pick me up at 7:30, i will give you my address Beautiful lab. Thanks. Old friend? Old teacher. Yep, they’re actually going to uh, eat dinner after seeing this? Well it’s not soup. If she was his student and I’m her student, then it follows… Ain’t gonna happen Zach-O, not in this universe. Here’s the sketch of the victim. Her skull was intact so it made it easy to work with. I just got her dental records Name…Maggie Schilling…nineteen. Then I guess you don’t need this. She was a dancer, found markers in her metatarsals. God, they go from the freedom of dance to being crammed into a refrigerator. I hope she was already dead when they shut the door. He’s hotter then you said. Michael? Any other ex-lovers come knocking on your door today? The ex in ex-lover is not a variable it’s a constant like…the speed of light. Save your dirty talk for the hunky professor. I can assure you, our relationship is purely plutonic. What we share is a love of science. Neither of us has the time or inclination for emotional complications. Sounds very reasonable. Yes, now I have to get this data together for Booth. Sure. Have a good dinner tonight. Maggie Schilling went missing eleven months ago. Parents got a ransom note demanding a million dollars negotiations they dragged on for a couple of weeks then suddenly all contact stopped. The assumption was that the kidnappers killed her. No visual physical trauma. Cause of death? Not yet but there are stress fractures on both wrists and we have some people running chemical analysis and toxicity screens on the affluent in the refrigerator. Okay, you call me later? I’m not working tonight. I have a dinner. What? Wow. I just assumed that the two of you would be eating off an autopsy table. Not tonight. I was being…tomorrow’s fine. Call me tomorrow. We missed our reservation. Oh well, that’s the price we pay for deciding to pick exploration and discovery. You realize this is just recreational, Michael? Of course. I’m just impressed that we can just pick up where we left off like no time has passed. Well, time is an opposed construct. It’s nice to know we can rely on physics. Do you really think you would move here? Depends on the offer? Maybe I could get you a position at the Jeffersonian? Working for my old student? Would that be a problem? I don’t know we’re better when we’re not vying for dominance in the same arena. I can’t help it if I’m usually right. Does that mean you have closed the case on that girl in the fridge. I found some stress fractures on the wrist, not much else but I will. Same old confident Brennan. I’m sorry it’s cold Old habits die hard. She did fight, Michael. They kept her tied up like an animal but she fought. That’s how she got those stress fractures because she was bound and struggling. I just uh, I keep seeing her face. You know how it is. BONES 1x08 - THE GIRL IN THE FRIDGE Original Airdate (FOX): 29/NOV/2005 CREATED BY HART HANSON DIRECTED BY DAVID JONES TRANSCRIBED BY VERONICA FOR "TWIZ TV.COM" SYNCHRONIZED AND SUBTITLED BY vignemail1 Using a refrigerator to hide a body…Pfft…kinda perfect isn’t it? A good way to remove the victim without being detected. The rubber gasket sealed in the odor. Maybe the company should use that in their ads? She’s late, she’s never late. You worried about her? I’m happy for her. Why? Remember that time you were late? Oh…yeah. Good morning all. You know you can take the day off. You deserve one day. Well Michael wanted to look at our equipment. I’m gonna let that one go. The guys wanted to meet him anyway. They could learn a lot from him. You were Brennan’s professor? She was twenty-three, an adult. That’s what Clinton said. Do you run through a lot of students? That was a long time ago and Tempe was very advanced, more colleague then student. I’m a pretty advanced student. No offense but uh, I’m not interested. No, uh, I meant me and her. Ho, ho burn. What have you found? X-rays reveal low bone density and the parathyroid hormone levels are also low. There’s a medical condition called hyperparathyroidism. Symptoms include, muscle weakness, brittle bones, yeah I know. You may be premature with your struggle theory. I doubt that. You mean you don’t want to be doubted. I can take it. The wrists fractures could have resulted from her medical condition. Unlikely, however… Or been an unrelated cause of non-traumatic fissures. Non-traumatic? Look at these. Well, it’s something to consider. The last thing you want to do is jump to conclusions without evidence.I mean I know how much you want to find who did this. This seems like an appropriate moment to discuss human goop. Chemical analysis of the liver and kidney tissues reveal significance evidence of the narcotic hydromorphone. Hydromorphone? Also known as hospital heroine. In what kind of concentration? Given her probable size and weight, it’s fatal. Where’d you go to dinner last night? We wound up staying in. We need to know if that amount was accrued over time or was delivered in one large dose. You didn’t come back to the lab did you? I made a frittata. Oh wow. He cooks too. Can we share him? We also need to know if the hydromorphone was administered intravenously or orally. I should get going. I meeting with the board at the University, call you after my appointment. It was nice meeting you all. What? Is it so odd for everyone to see me with a man? Print out the levels of hydromorphone you found in her system. I want you to find the overload point that would cause the fractures in her wrist and examine the left ilium there seems to be some kind of degeneration on the edge. I know this sounds terrible but I hoped that she had just run away that way I could believe she was still alive. She started turning against us in high school, did a lot of drugs. We tried to help her, sent her to rehab, therapy. You know kids have a lot to contend with these days. We didn’t help her, not really. We had nannies to raise her because we were so busy and we sent her to shrinks when she had problems instead of talking to her. Look you can’t blame yourself. But environment plays a huge role in development. I’d like some pictures of Maggie so I can compare them to her remains. Pictures of her dancing would be most helpful or swimming. How do you know she danced and swam? Some things can’t be erased from the body. I’m sorry but I need to ask you about your daughter’s drug problems. Do you know what she was using? Alcohol, ecstasy, marijuana… What about the narcotic hydromorphone, hospital heroine? Doesn’t sound familiar. She had a thyroid condition, was anything prescribed for that? Her endocrinologist might know. We have to find who did this to Maggie. We have to do this for her. Maggie’s condition didn’t respond to medication. I was trying to get her to agree to surgery when she disappeared. What types of medication are we talking about? Furosemide, alendronate tried various calcitonins. What about hydromorphone? There are no pain issues associated with hyperthyroidism but I knew Maggie had a drug problem. She was definitely interested in getting some Opiates from me. She bribed my office manager for samples. I’m going to need your office managers’ home address. Ex-office manager, she’s going to be what you call a disgruntled employee. I didn’t give Maggie Schilling those samples, she boosted them herself. Barragan just blamed me so he would have an excuse to fire me. Why’d he fire you? Because he’s a horn dog. I tried to keep things professional you know what I mean. Dr. Barragan said that you were closer to Maggie Schilling then any other patient. Did you meet her parents? Yes. Then you know the poor girl was pretty much on her own and we took her in. He said that you went out together that you took her to clubs. We just felt sorry for her, you know. She was lonely so we showed her a good time, right? pills, vodka, weed We wanted Maggie to go to meetings, you know. AA That’s very kind of you. Let’s talk about your new refrigerator. Why? Mainly, I would like to know what happened to your old one, huh? Well the fridge we found Maggie in is a match with the marks on the Costello’s floor. They’re sadomasochist fetishists. Yeah. They turned the basement into a fun room. Seeking sexual gratification through the manipulation of power. Probably the oldest of fetishes, master-slave. It’s all about dominance. Well this sort of thing only comes up when the bloom goes off the rose, if you know what I mean. I don’t know what you mean. You know when the regular stuff, when it gets old you need to spice it up or it’s over. The sex is good you don’t need any help. Well that’s for sure. I’m sorry? I was agreeing. Yeah, well don’t. Okay. It kind of freaks me out. I was just saying that I, myself, feel no inclination towards either pain or dominance when it comes to sex. Are you sure? Yeah I’m sure. Because you can be very bossy. Look at him huh? Woo. Look at him all smiley I bet he just loves these things. These could explain the stress fractures. Her bones were brittle from the disease, struggling would cause the cracks we saw. The handcuffs are consistent with the injuries to Maggie Schillings wrists. Maybe she wanted to be cuffed. Did you ever think about that? Here’s what I was thinking, female, dominant, strapped for cash meets wealthy teenager on the outs with her parents, convinces her submissive husband to hold her for ransom. Any proof or is this story time? You feed her pills to keep her quiet and negotiations, they drag on so she dies of an overdose before an exchange could be made. You seal her up in a refrigerator and dump her in a ravine, and you and your honey go back to playing tie me up in the basemen Maggie Schilling was legally an adult. We don’t deny she was in the house, even cuffed. We don’t deny there was a perfectly legal sexual relationship which by its nature got rough but Maggie was a willing participant. And enthusiastic. You have no evidence my client’s killed her. It’s weird for you, huh? Being the one that’s all locked up. Why don’t you come at me? Are you threatened or do I turn you on? Now I’m the one who’s hating Psychology. If you don’t have anything but those cuffs, my clients will be out of here in 24 hours. I figured it out. I was right about how she got those fractures. I just don’t have the time Tempe, I have an appointment. Well, I thought you would want to see. The University can wait a few minutes. It’s not with them it’s with someone they want me to meet and if we start debating evidence, I will definitely be late. Trust me, there’s nothing to debate. I can prove that Maggie Schilling was bound in fur covered handcuffs. We found strands of matching fur embedded in her wrists in the scaphoid lunate. But you can’t prove she was involuntarily restrained. Oh yes I can. It’s not a competition. No, the Olympics are a competition. Ours is a struggle to the death. You want to bet dinner? Yes, if we make it to a restaurant. That’s on. You got ten minutes. Okay. Pull up frontal and lateral view of the victims’ lower fibulas. You trained her well, Doc. She’s brilliant, a little cocky though. Ha. Yeah, tell me about it. Here’s the leg. She’s been a good partner though. What you see is what you get, it’s a rare quality. That’s just between us. Michael. Dr. Brennan found marks on the medial malleoli, both left and right. Her legs were bound. There are erosion patterns from the bones rubbing together over time. If this were a result of sex games then the legs they wouldn’t be bound together. Ah, come on, ya know. Looking for a little nooky the last thing you tie together are the legs. I’m not convinced. Brittle bones from her thyroid condition, the damage could of happened in a very short time. We also found evidence of inflammation on her right humerus and ilium. The bone abnormalities indicate pathosis from lying in one position for a long time. The only reasonable explanation is long term bondage. Decreased bone density could have caused the inflammation. This isn’t definitive. I hear there’s a nice little French place near here I’d like to try. I still have five minutes. My department is still working with Polaroid’s. So, what do you think? Very impressive, especially to the non-professional. You want science? Give me the estimated time of captivity. Approximately three weeks. Okay, here are your affected areas, now doing an advanced time simulation. You’re winning, right? Can I see your findings? This appears to be indisputable. The narcotic found in her system was not the result of recreational drug abuse. The inflammation would have been very painful and the pain would have increased over time. They kept upping the dose of hydromorphone until they gave her too much and she died. Those people bound and killed that girl. I yield. French restaurant? I’m more in the mood for Italian. I need to put together the evidence package for Booth to deliver to the U.S. attorney. I’ll meet you at your place. Good work. Do you really think he can handle your success? What because of today? We’ve always been competitive. I know but he’s a man and his student, a woman, has surpassed him. Michael is extremely secure, Ang. Honey, when you stuck it to him today, he was upset. It was a healthy debate between scientists. You don’t know Michael. I know men and I know what happens when two people start sleeping together. It’s not like that. We’re friends, colleagues, that’s all. Colleagues with benefits. I don’t know what that means but Michael and I are not involved. I’m sorry if that’s difficult for you to understand but what we have isn’t traditional. Don’t talk to me about traditional, okay, I’ve dated circus people. You and Michael you have something and that’s okay, that’s good even. Just be honest about it. Bones. The judge is um, holding them without bail. The US attorney is thinking about sending you flowers. Facts are facts. Ah, Bones I have to ask how much have you been sharing with uh, the professor? None of your business. I mean on the case. Oh, I bounce everything off of him. Why? You got to keep him out of it from now on. Out of it. Why? Well, you know that appointment that he had today? Yeah. He met with the Costello’s lawyer. Michael is their expert witness. It’s his job to tear apart the case that you’ve built. How could I not be upset? Basically you were spying on me. Spying? It’s a criminal proceeding. You are required by law to disclose all your findings to the defense anyway. I’m only required to provide you with the raw facts we intend to enter into evidence not the process by which I arrived at those facts. I apologize that’s a nuance, it escaped me. Why don’t you just tell me Michael? Cause the defense isn’t required to tell the prosecution anything. In fact it’s grounds for a mistrial. Look, I’ve never done this before. You’re the teacher in this situation, I’m the student. A little competitive. Part of the job at the University is to be an expert witness and yes I would like to do that job at least as well as you but if you feel I’ve overstepped some boundary here, I’ll back out of the case. No, but if you stay on you have to move back to the hotel. Really? Yes. Hm, well would I have to do it tonight or should I order another bottle of wine? I suppose tomorrow would be soon enough. I apologize, Tempe. He’s still at it? Yep and it is fascinating. Why don’t you keep an eye on him? That’s not going to be a problem. Did you just give Zach and Hodgins a sign of encouragement? Well, you know, that’s the first time I have been able to look at them without imagining Moe knocking their heads together. Agent Booth you’re accessing your inner squint. Tempe you listed an avulsion fracture on the right femur, looks minor. Do you consider this evidence? Dr. Brennan’s conclusions belong to the prosecution. I have no interest in destroying your case, Agent Booth. I’m just trying to get a sense… Of her interpretations of data to which you are not privy, Dr. Stires. I understand the game the Doctor is trying to play and I’m perfectly capable of dealing with him myself. I’m sure he’s just thrown by findings he would have missed. This is not about you and Dr. Stires. This is about the Jeffersonian’s reputation as a source of expert witnesses. Okay, I’m…I’m on my own. Oh, in the interest of fairness, I am willing to share my thoughts with you. I red penciled a few things. You corrected my findings? Consider it an opposing opinion. My findings are based on facts Michael not opinions. You seem to have finished your allotted time with the remains, Dr. Stires. I’d like my people to get back to work. Thank you. Bones you okay? Why wouldn’t I be? Oh cause the nutty professor has graded your paper. What’d he give you anyway? I was always happy with a B. I never got a B and I never will. That’s my girl. Assistant Attorney, Andrew Levitt, uh, jury consultant Joey Deaver, Dr. Temperance Brennan. Nice to meet you. I’ve looked over your findings and I think we are in good shape. Thank You…I would… Juries don’t like you. Excuse me? I’ve seen you testify before Dr. Brennan. You come off cold and aloof. I want to make sure… Cold and aloof? Try not interrupting, it makes you sound arrogant. Also don’t front load your testimony with technical crap. Look, this really is not the best approached. I’m a technical witness. I have testified in over thirty trials. But most of the experts you’ve come up against are as dry and boring as you are. Now I don’t know if you’ve seen their expert… She’s seen him, Ms. Deaver. Well then you understand my concern. Professor Stires is open, charming, great looking. The jury’s going to love him. I love him. This isn’t a personality contest. It’s about data that we present to the jury. You’re kidding, right? The women on the jury aren’t going to be listening to a word that comes out of his mouth. They’re going to be undressing him... I don’t want the men on the jury to be putting more clothes on you. Wear something blue it suggests truth, make eye contact with the jury, and loose the clunky necklace. Mary and Scott Costello murdered Maggie Schilling. The forensic data I’ve complied proves that. That should be enough. But it isn’t enough. Okay that’s…that’s great. We’ll uh, take that under consideration, thanks. Why didn’t she say anything about you? You can be very irritating sometimes. Bones, she’s an expert just like you. She has an obvious personality disorder but she wants to help. Just try. Okay, sure. Good. I can do it. We will show that Mary Costello lured Maggie Schilling into her home with the promise of drugs. She was not held against her will. She was in fact orchestrating the plot to extort money from her own parents from whom she was estranged. They bound her for weeks, the pain growing, and to keep her quiet they pumped her full of drugs. Her death was the result of a self-administered overdose. After killing their captive and ruining their chances of collecting the ransom, the Costello’s stuffed Miss. Schilling’s body into the refrigerator. Knowing they could be accused of kidnapping and murder, my clients panicked and disposed of her body while their behavior might be ill advised they are neither kidnappers nor murderers. The pharmaceutical samples of hydromorphone were found in the Costello’s belongings. The lot numbers matched those that were in Dr. Barragan’s office. When I went to the Costello’s kitchen I saw the marks from the old refrigerator on the floor. It was lik Objection. Sustained, just the facts Agent Booth. Sorry, it was just that the receipt for the new refrigerator was dated two days after the negotiations broke off with the kidnappers. I mean you figure it out. I know, I’m sorry. Any evidence Maggie Schilling wasn’t a willing participant in sexual activity involving those cuffs and other paraphernalia? Well winding up in the fridge kind of tells me that she really wasn’t that into it. Your honor? No direct evidence. Any evidence my clients forced Miss. Schilling to take that narcotic. I’ll leave those answers for the experts. Scarids ah, also known as dark-winged fungus gnats went through several life cycles also present were acatadye and notadye but the most interesting find wa not a bug at all but was common bread mold. All this data led to the same conclusion, Maggie Schilling was in that refrigerator between ten and twelve months. Even though we already had medical records and dental records from which to identify Maggie Schilling, I was also asked to do a sketch based on the architecture of her skull. That’s sort of what I do. It turned out pretty accurate if I do say so myself. She was a pretty girl, that’s why I drew her smiling. It… it just seemed right. I’m really sorry for what happened to her but I hope my work helps you. The gelatinous puddle was decomposed tissue from which our lab extracted and analyzed liver and kidney samples by mass spectrometer. The hydromorphone level in her liver was 8.4 and 6.6 in her kidney. Death occurs at 7.7 and 5.2 respectively. And the reason they would be giving the victim this narcotic? Short-term periosteal reaction on the right proximal lateral humerus was consistent with a bound individual. So to rephrase… And the placement of wrist restraints coupled with her hyperparathyroidism would account for the stress fractures on the distal anterior surface of both the radi and ulni. Her bones broke because she was struggling to free herself? Yeah, I believe I just said that. Thank you, doctor. That will be all for now. I would like to move for a recess with the right to recall the witness, your honor? Okay, we’ll meet back here in thirty minutes. She can’t connect. Those killers are going to walk. It was well reasoned. Yeah it was, um, very scientific. You didn’t listen to a thing I said. You were like Klaatu the robot up there. Would it have killed you to speak English? I wore blue. I looked at the jury. You know for a people person, you’re a little rude. Well at what point did the facts stop working for you? I have no problem with the facts as long as the jury can understand them. Well, you’re underestimating their intelligence. You’re overestimating their ability to stay awake. When these S&M perverts walk on this, it’ll be on your head. Can you believe that!? What? You agree with her? Uh, not entirely. Not entirely, so that means partly. Well I was perfectly clear. Didn’t you think I was clear? Sometimes and um, sometimes you were… a little hard to follow. What are you talking about? When? When you were…talking. Listen Bones, I know you care about this case but I think you should let them see that. So I should perform. Just a little bit. Yeah I mean. Do you see how I portrayed myself as a no nonsense, tough guy, cop? you are a tough guy, cop. Exactly and I think that it wouldn’t hurt if the jury saw who you really are. Well I don’t know who you think that is Booth because this is who I really am… Just this. God, sorry. I’m okay, are you? Sure. Well truthfully this whole thing is pretty awkward. Don’t you think? We’re just doing our job. We’ll be fine. It’s just they have this jury consultant. They want to turn this into a melodrama. They don’t understand what a scientist is. Tempe, we’re not allowed to talk about the case. I know. I’m just saying… My guy is going to freak if he sees us talking. Sure, sorry. In my opinion the high levels of hydromorphone are more consistent with recreational use then for pain relief. Could you explain? Well I might not use all the technical language but I’ll try to make myself understood. Objection your honor. The witness is impuning another witness. Sustained, continue. I’m sorry. I uh, I don’t do this professionally. People who need to relieve physical pain will stop after the pain disappears. It doesn’t take more then an average dose to accomplish that. Drug users are trying to bury emotional pain which means they’ll medicate until they feel nothing. This is why they have a tendency to overdose like Maggie Schilling. That’s not accurate sometimes chronic pain does not respond to medication. I’ll bring it up on cross examination. What about Dr. Brennan’s claim that her pain was somehow connected to the victim being bound for a length of time? Well, the Costello’s have already stipulated to the fact that they bound Miss. Schilling as a part of their rather unorthodox sexual act and Dr. Brennan agrees that Miss. Schilling had hyperpara…well if I could simplify, a thyroid condition that can weaken her bones. No need to look for bondage scenarios. That is ridiculous. He’s ignoring all the facts. With respect to my former student, Dr. Brennan. With findings like these I don’t know why she became a Forensic Anthropologist. She seems to have ignored all but her pre-conceived notions about the case. Objection. Sustained. I apologize. Do you disagree with Dr. Brennan’s data? Well, sometimes doctors can use data to confuse a very simple situation. I mean I’m a doctor and I could hardly follow her. This case is about people, not incomprehensible technical jargon. I don’t think that these people should be convicted of murder just because Dr. Brennan sounds smart. Your honor, really. The jury will disregard Professor Stires’ personal view of Dr. Brennan. The court will adjourn until 9am tomorrow. Listen, don’t worry about a thing, okay? He wasn’t acting as an objective expert. He was making up a story. The judge chastised him in front of the jury that will work for us. The hell it will. The jury loves Stires. He looks like a regular guy who’s not allowed to speak the truth because the stupid rules get in the way. The rules of jurist prudence aren’t stupid. Dr. Brennan you need to learn the difference between reality and perception. A trial is all about perception. Wow, you’re the reason civilization is declining. Talk to her. I kind of agree with her. Thanks. You know I really don’t agree with you. I just…I don’t like her. Put me back on the stand I can rebut everything that Michael said. She can do this. I’ll think about it. I’ve never been in this position before Booth. I need to get back up there. Alright, just let me talk to him. Trial going badly? You don’t usually cram at the last minute. The jury likes Michael better then they like me, apparently that’s a problem. Are they stupid? Compared to you, yes they are stupid. However, compared to you most of the world is a little stupid. You have many skills Temperance. Not one of them includes communicating with the average person on the street which is exactly what juries are made of. I’m a better Forensic Anthropologist then Michael Stires. Which is why two years ago I hired you instead of him. Michael applied for this job? Yes. His credentials are better then mine. Yes but you are the more rational reasoned empirical scientist and you care and if he tries to convince you otherwise, tell him to go to hell. Is it safe to approach, Dr. Brennan? Don’t charm Michael. I think you’re taking this too personally. You think I should be more rational? Yes. Go to hell. Look, you’re not the only one with a jury consultant. The difference is that I listened to mine. He told me to create reasonable doubt, that’s what I did. This one isn’t about winning a pasta dinner or showing up your former student. It’s about putting two people away who murdered a nineteen year old girl. Tempe, you can’t personalize the work. Do you remember in Central America standing in a mass grave being guarded by soldiers? We knew that they were probably the same soldiers who had killed the people we were digging up. I was just a student. I was scared. I turned to you and asked ‘what do we do?’ That was a different place and a radically different context. You said we tell the truth. We do not flinch. You flinched, Michael. I can’t ask her that. That whole line of questioning isn’t relevant. He brought it up during his testimony so legally you can reintroduce it. How is that going to change anything? Trust me, it will. Am I testifying? Only a prolonged struggle not sexual activity would cause the tearing on the medial head of the gastric nemius muscle on the distal portion of the bone and… So in lay terms? The muscle avulsed. She pulled a muscle? Because she was immobilized. Tied up? Yes, these conditions have to be contextualized. The inflammation on the ileum... Dr. Brennan, why’d you become a Forensic Anthropologist? I beg your pardon? There must be some reason you chose this field out of the hundred of other careers someone of your intelligence could have chosen. Was there some emotional reason, perhaps? Objection. Relevance, you honor? I don’t see how this pertains to the case. Dr. Brennan is cold distant and alienating your honor. Hey! I need the jury to understand why she’s so cold so that they might be willing to accept her testimony. Her personality issues are not relevant to this case. They opened up this line of questioning, your honor. When Dr. Stires was on the stand, he wondered why Dr. Brennan became a Forensic Anthropologist so the defense must have thought it had some relevance then. Sorry, Mr. Meredith you did raise the issue. Over ruled. You may continue Mr. Levitt. Dr. Brennan, your parents disappeared when you were fifteen and no one’s ever found out whatever happened to them. Is that correct? Please answer the question, Dr. Brennan. That’s correct. It must be very painful. Is it fair to say that you’ve been trying to solve the mystery of their loss your whole life? Do I want answers? Yes. As how that is affecting my behavior which I assume is what you are trolling for? I don’t put much stock in Psychology. Is that why you wrap yourself up in techno-speak so you don’t have to feel how these victims’s remind you of your parents. How I feel doesn’t matter. My job doesn’t depend on it. But it’s informed by it. Are you as cold and unfeeling as you seem? I see a face on every skull. I can look at their bones and tell you how they walked, where they hurt. Maggie Schilling is real to me. The pain she suffered was real. Her hip was being eaten away by infection from lying on her side. Sure like Dr. Stires said the disease could contribute to that if you take it out of context but you can’t break Maggie Schilling down into little pieces. She was a whole person who fought to free herself. Her wrists were broken from struggling against the handcuffs. The bones in her ankles were ground together because her feet were tied and her side, her hip, and her shoulder were being eaten away by infection and the more she struggled, the more pain she was in so they gave her those drugs to keep her quiet. They gave her so much it killed her. These facts can’t be ignored or dismissed because you think I’m …uh, boring or obnoxious because I don’t matter. What I feel doesn’t matter. Only she matters, only Maggie. Tempe! Tempe! Tempe, I’m sorry. What can I do? Bones, the Costello’s are trying to cop to a plea to a charge that won’t mean the death penalty. They know they’re going down. You had no right. There are things that are private. Yeah, maybe you’re right but you know what this was my case too. Alright, so nothing personal? Guilty on all counts. Yeah. So he owes you another dinner, huh? No, I won’t be seeing him anymore. Sorry. I was foolish to be so open with him. It was irrational. You know how you get when you’re tired? Yeah. You want to go out? Grab a drink? Um, I think I just want to work. Okay. Hey Bones. What is it? I’m not feeling very forgiving. Yeah I know but uh, we have a case. The victim is an adult male, thirty-five to forty years old. From the pattern of the burning, I would say an accelerant was used. Could you hand me my bag? Yeah sure, hey listen you want my coat or something? It’s cold up here. If I did, I would ask for it. Yeah, sorry and um, I’m sorry. You had something to accomplish and