I guest-lectured last year, Forensic Science Majors. Four students showed up, just four. Four? What was your topic? "Dimorphic distinctions within the human thoracic cavity." Right, and, just four whole people showed up? The Dean blamed it on some game halfway across the country. This is Atlantic State University. Home of the Jaguars. Other than sex and beer, nothing is more important to these kids than their basketball team. - Yeah, what about academics? - Tell you what, you bring your little, didactic thoracic, speech here any other time of year and you'll draw maybe five, five and a half easy. "Dimorphic," not "didactic." Student employee named Justine Berry opened up the practice gym. Campus Police called us, they didn't know what to make of what they found. Yeah, I got it. FBI, Special Agent Seeley Booth. That here's, that's Dr. Brennan. Chief Jack Cutler, Campus Police. Justine was opening the gym up after the four-day week-end. You work here, Ms. Berry? What the hell, you know what I mean? Not at all. The second I unlocked the door, the smell just... Right? The bleachers fold down. You need a key to open or shut them. Whatever got caught back here, sure as hell ain't an animal. Whoa, whoa, "It"? Sounds interesting. Oh. Hey... You know, last time I was under bleachers, I was, getting ready to smoke a cigarette and make out with Vanessa Taylor. I didn't know you smoked. Eighth grade, Bones. Come on, didn't you ever get naughty with a jock under the bleachers? You were a jock? You know, you had to be one if you wanted to make out with Vanessa Taylor. What is it? Male. - You smell that? - You're kidding. Well, I don't mean decomp. Alcohol. Vagrant passes out by the heating grate, and somebody closes up the bleachers? That would account for the accelerated decomp. And the babies. - Baby rats? - Yeah, we'll need them. Okay. Yeah, Chief Cutler you got a rat carrier? Yeah, I'll find something. We'll need the floor. The floor? And whatever got pushed through that grate. - Here you go. This do? - That'll be great, put that rat in the rat motel and we're good to go. We need to take the pinkies or they'll die. Yeah, 'cause the world needs more rats. '82 Champs?'82 Champs. Let me see that ring. Wait a minute. Chief Cutler, as in... Jack "Cutter" Cutler? Yeah, haven't heard that one in a while. Bones, you're looking at the star point guardfrom one of the best college basketball teams, ever. Drafted by the Detroit Pistons? Knees blew out, ended my career. - Booth? - Yeah. Eleven? Oh, my God, no. What? - Did he wear one of these? - He never took it off. - Who? - R.J. Manning, he's one of the best college forwards in the conference, he was destined to be the number one pick. I don't know what that means, but if this is Manning, that's not going to happen. Bones Season 3 Episode 11 "The player under pressure" Transcript: <i>YYeTs.net</i> Sync: <i>ShalimarFox, IceFre@k</i> Subtitle : <i>A²S Team</i> --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Eight seconds for the bleachers to close? According to the Chief of Campus Police. I don't think the victim was killed by the bleachers. What do you mean? Dude's an accordion. What killed him if it wasn't the bleachers closing? The skull shows evidence of powdering. Crushing would snap the bone. Multiple strikes lead to powdering. But it is possible that the skull being forced through that grate caused the powdering. We'll know more after the skull is reconstructed. Man, the Jaguars will not be the same without R.J. Manning. 30 plus points in his last five games, 40 plus in the last three. Oh, not you guys, too. R.J. Manning was going to be the next Kobe Bryant. That explains why every news source in town wants to confirm his death. The ancient Greeks chased a ball made of animal skin wrapped around seeds. But that was a fertility rite played in the nude. Nude? Count me in. I tend to look better fully clothed. Both central and lateral maxillary incisors are implants. That's a match. It's Manning. I'll inform the press. Zack, your priority is to classify the skull fractures. Dude, you are not going home for days. The victim's clothing and the chunk of floor should keep you pretty busy, too, Dr. Hodgins. You're sure it's R.J., not just somebody wearing his medallion? We matched your brother's dental records. That means it's definitely R.J., Kamaria. Are you R.J.'s lawyer? No, well, you could probably say that. I'm... I'm, alumnus of Atlantic State. What I do now is I volunteer my time to help the team with their finances, and their scholarships, living arrangements. Did you all live together? No, R.J. lived on campus, but he still takes care of me and my little sister. Their parents passed away two years ago. We lived on R.J.'s scholarship and Mr. Francis got me a good job downtown. Yeah. R.J. mention any trouble in his life lately? Arguments? Only... It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. He had a fight with Mr. Francis. Why did R.J. strike you? I don't know, he was an exhausted 20-year-old man and I was treating him like a kid. R.J. loved Mr. Francis. We all do. You can ask R.J.'s girlfriend. That's Dallas Verona, she's a cheerleader. Also, you know, you should talk to Coach Morse. Those were the two people closest to him, other than his family. Damn it! I should have gotten a bigger turkey. You have a smaller skull? Do I have a smaller skull than whom? I meant is there a smaller skull we can wrap in this turkey carcass. Boys, this better be good. It's going to take me a very long time to reconstruct R.J. Manning's skull in order to discover whether he died from multiple blows... Which suggest murder. ... or if his skull was crushed through the heating grate, just like this one. We covered a skull with turkey meat. I calibrated the pounds per square inch from the closing bleachers. And we filled the skull cavity with a gelatinous matrix. Okay. Turn it on. By "gelatinous matrix" you meant... ambrosia salad? Gelatinous matrix sounded better. There's absolutely no sign of powdering here. Then R.J. Manning was killed by multiple strikes to the head. I'm telling you, Gege Francis does not care about that family. - Kamaria seemed to like him. - Sure, I mean, he paid the rent, made her brother a star, bu you know, he's got a whole nother agenda. - How do you know? - 'Cause I was a college athlete. Guys like that, they're always buzzing around campus. Why? Why? 'Cause there's millions of dollars at stake. - What, for bouncing a ball? - Well, yeah. All that bouncing, you know, it translates into dollars, from TV rights, revenue shares, tournament fees. I don't understand what's interesting about it. You know, unlike you, most people enjoy a pastime that takes them out of their head. Takes them out of their head, like drugs and alcohol. Brennan. Hodgins and Zack proved that R.J. was murdered. Murdered. We have suffered a loss, gentlemen. One of our brothers is gone. As a team, we grieve for him. I tell you what you do not weep for, though. Losing the best damn power forward in this entire country. Colby Page is not shedding tears because we lost a power forward, is he? - No, sir. - How do I know that? Because Colby Page is going to step right up and take R.J.'s position. This is his opportunity and it's good that he sees it as such. Colby. Father, God, accept our brother R.J. Manning into your loving arms. Give us the faith and the strength to carry on. Amen. Amen. Now, you boys go be together, talk about R.J. Come right back here and be ready to carry on, and do what needs doing. - Yes, Coach. - All right, let's go! Move it, Harris! - Very impressive, Coach. - You the FBI? Yes, sir. If you're going to talk to the boys, I prefer you do it soon, let us move on from the tragedy, okay? What now? Well, find out which one of these pretty girls over here is R.J.'s girlfriend. I went home for the long weekend. R.J. stayed on campus. Why? Whatever. Team stuff. Did you call R.J.? Talk to him? Yeah, and texted him. But he didn't answer. That's not weird, or anything. R.J.'s the face-to-face kind, right? Everything okay between you? Were you sexually active? He was my boyfriend. He was in great shape, so pretty active, yeah. There're any noticeable changes in your sex life? Frequency, duration. Every day became day. That was RJ's modo. No jealous boyfriend from the past, angry dad, nothing? Oh my God. Mr francis is right. You people think R. J was murdered. Was he under any kind of stress? Of course. Mid-Term Exams? R. J was a star. They made sure he could pass his Mid-Term. R. J was stressed because he always wanted to win. Stressed enough to hit Mr Francis. R. J never told me why he did that, but he feel bad about it. You don't find enough tissu for a tox screen cause these is this little scams eated what's left Yeah. Hodgins is that my own personnal blender from the kitchen? I tossed these babies into the au-tomatograph. - Did you get it from the kitchen? - Yes. Any foreign substances in RJ body should show up in the mega juice. Is it labeled personnal property of CS on the bottom? Yes. Don't worry I'll rince it out. I can give you a few points Bones, we doesn't get out of the class for a few minutes. You got sort of flip your rist, you see. The sport should not have such priority in the university. You know what, that's crazy? Anthropology speaking, sports are way for boys to practice their battle skills. Yeah, OK. You don't want just focus your head up, get up on your toes, just let... The truth is athletes are basically, emotionally resting in boyhood acting out childish games as they have don't importance the only could more juvenile are grown adult and watch sports. - Why you got say stuff like that? - Why? What, you mean the truth. All right, you know I am a jock. So when you say those you know things that you say, what are you saying about me? - Nothing, you go out of it. - No I did not. My shoulder crapped out on me. Otherwise I would be gone all away from this. - What? And another thing allright, I fought in a war, so sports is a childish substitute, I can live with that. - Yo, Colby! - Yo. Yeah, yo. I'm a little irritated with you. Just leave me alone long enough so I can get over it. - Why are-you irrited? - Because i love sports, I watch sports, you know. I'm all about sports. Agent Seeley Booth, this is Dr. Brennan Yeah, Mr. Francis says you talk to me. Georges Francis? Really? Looks up to you guys. You must be happy to be a stringer again. - Starter. - Starter. Our coach said I'll be happy starting, but unhappy by how it happen. Colby didn't ask for this. It's okay Celeste. Colby is a team player, he's stepping up. She's my fiancée, Celeste Cutler. You're engaged, you're so young. Cutler, isn't Cutter Cutler? Yeah, he's my father. Your father is in law enforcement you understand I have to ask this question. Plus your boyfriend and a few people benefit directly for R. J Manning death. I don't like you. - I hate her. - I can handle this. Just go on Celeste, okay. I'm sorry about Celeste, she's just really... Really loyal. I have to ask you. Where are you all along week-end? I was home. I hate to disagree with the coatch but I don't really have benefits from RJ's death. It sure seems like you did. Starting powerful, that's a pretty big around here. I'm not gonna replace R.J. because I take over his position. At every game people are gonna say "Good game, son", but in their head they're thinking, he's not R. J Manning. That's sounds like something that I would kill to achieve. Look I was happy were I was, I'm a teen player, not a star. You said you were home, can anyone verify that, your parents? I'm not gonna answer any more questions until I talk to Mr Francis. Sorry. Francis again. Is Hodgins here? - Nope. - Do you know where he is? Nope. Can I leave a message for him with you? - Why me? - Are you serious? Fine. - I mean, you live together, right? - No. I mean, not officially. We have our own places. But you spend all your time together. What's the message? Tox results for R.J. Manning. Negative for alcohol and sedatives. He reeked of Bourbon. Somebody emptied a bottle on him. More interestingly, he was on steroids. I still haven't found an explanation for the extra synovial fluid in the joints. I'm not sure I can remember all this. Steroids, Bourbon, synovial fluid, what's the problem? I draw stuff. OK? Fluids are not my actual area of expertise. It's Hodgins' actual area of expertise and Hodgins is your area of expertise, so, by my calculations, all the areas of expertise are overlapping perfectly. It's not a problem. I'll give it to him. Thank you. You know, I read your contract, Coach. You get a million dollar conduct bonus for keeping your kids here in line. I oversee 30 healthy, rambunctious, type-A boys. I earn every penny of it. Guess you'd kiss that million dollars good-bye if R.J. Manning tested positive for steroids. R.J.? No way. Tox screen came back positive. No, it doesn't make sense. The better he plays, he's worth more to the pros. Better chance you have to, move up to the NBA. You see this? You see this scar? Brain cancer from steroids. When it comes to my team, I have zero tolerance and they know it. - What do you do if you catch them? - I sure as hell don't kill them. Million dollar bonus. Free ride to the NBA. Listen, I'll tell you what. You call my doctor. I'm terminal. I've got two years, tops. The money, the career... not big incentives. I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell anybody about my condition. I don't want sympathy. I just want my boys to win this season. You understand I've got to pursue the steroid thing. You don't need a warrant. Any boy that does not submit a urine sample is off this team. - Not one sample shows steroid use? - Not one. The coach's confidence in his boys was justified at least as far as steroids. Something else showed up? Two of the samples came back positive for Cefixime. The antibiotic? Most commonly used to treat gonorrhea. Gonorrhea would explain the extra synovial fluid in R.J.'s joints. So R.J. plus two members of the team had gonorrhea? Nope, two of the urine samples came back with not only identical levels of antibiotic, but the exact same specific gravity. Two samples from the same player. Yes, my guess is that someone with gonorrhea is trying to protect someone using steroids. Nice bunch of boys. One of you is taking steroids and the other one is being treated for the clap. - Somebody tested positive for steroids? - Thank you for your candor. Thank you. I didn't admit anything, I asked a question. Great, the guy on steroids would be worried about steroids, the guy with the clap, that'd be you Eddie, wouldn't worry. Well, why worry? It's just a shot in the ass. He was guessing until you admitted that, douche bag. Thank you, Ed, I appreciate it. You can leave now. - Why can he leave? - I really don't care about where he's been dipping his... wick. All right, I care about illegal steroids. Get lost, Ed. Leave. What's steroids got to do with what happened? I don't know, maybe R.J. is just worried about the, the side effects, you know, all the, all the yelling and screaming, the zits on his pretty face. His manhood shrinking. Maybe he just gets nervous, and wants to confess to Coach Morse. What, so I kill him? That's crazy! R.J. made me look good enough to go to Europe leagues, maybe even the NBA. You can't even prove I'm on steroids. Nah, see, I execute this warrant to check you for steroids, it's a paper trail, and it becomes public knowledge, my friend. I'd lose my eligibility. Bingo. So you tell me who provided you with the steroids, it stays between you and me. Or, uh... you got to pee in the cup. Come on, man. Oh, and this time, I'm going to have to watch you pee in the cup. I hope you don't have a bashful bladder. Dr. Saroyan? Yes... Angela? I've been thinking about it and... I don't think it was professional of you to leave this file with me. Really? Why is that? I'm not Hodgins' assistant. But you are his girlfriend. The problem is that being his girlfriend is a personal, private thing, and this is work. I don't think it's good to mix the personal and work. Hodgins and I are completely separate human beings with completely separate careers. In your opinion, I crossed a line. It's my opinion. I apologize, Angela. Thank you. But you might be able to understand why I was a little confused because apparently you're not always against bringing your personal life to work. Oh, my God. 'Cause what you're doing there is extremely personal. Extremely... personal. I'm seeing parts of you and Hodgins I'd rather leave to the imagination. When did they put security cameras in the storage area? Who else has seen this? So far, just me and a very appreciative security guard. My God. Well, you've made your point. Good. This is the only copy. Do we get any points for this occurring during lunch hour? Which is, as you know, personal time. - No. - Fair enough. I had to ask. Trust me, I know what I'm talking about. No, I know what I'm talking about. You got to know... George Francis, you're under arrest for providing restricted substances. You said you were just going to talk. Yeah, and then I saw his face, and I got mad. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. So this is a pretty good time to probably tell us that you killed R.J. Manning, save us all a whole hell of a lot of time. Why would I kill R.J.? Why would I kill the golden goose? But he wasn't a goose, he was a man. He give you steroids, too, Colby? No! He was just trying to get me into free student housing. Hey, Colby, tell Cutler, okay? Just tell him what's going on. He was with Colby? Colby's like a son to me. Well, he's about to become my son-in-law. You don't care that Colby's not a star like R.J.? As a man, sure, I'd rather be R.J. Manning, but as a father, Colby will make a much better husband to my daughter. Was it worth it? You walk like a man decades older than you are. You never got to play in the pros. Your wife left you because you didn't turn out to be the star she married. It's not like I was a lot of fun to be around when the cheering stopped. You two don't pull any punches, do you? I'll tell you what else I know? You'd do it all again, bud. That doesn't make any sense. Jocks. You understand each other, but your priorities are completely skewed. Ignore Dr. Brennan, okay? She's unreasonable on the subject. He won't admit to the steroid thing. - Plan B? - Plan B. - What's Plan B? - Convince him if he doesn't admit to the steroid thing, then he's confessing the murder. We, uh, jocks... we'll take care of this one. I'm looking at a cockroach's leg? Technical term is tarsus. Are they usually blue like that? No. He stepped in an amalgam of fats, waxes, oil and calcium dye. Lipstick. R.J. Manning wore blue... lipstick? The lipstick wasn't found on his... lips. - You know what I mean? - Yes, thank you. - Are you certain? - Yes, Dr. Hodgins. - Angela? - Yeah? You know... this is pretty good. I mean, usually with these things you think, "God... more yoga, less carbs," you know, but... this ain't bad. You might want to... turn the volume down. Yeah. Thanks. You're going to believe some kid taking steroids over the best - friend this college ever had? - Of course. Why? Because, George, if you and R.J. argued about steroids say he wanted more and you were saying no, that would explain why he hit you. Yeah, you know, 'roid rage. I never provided steroids to anybody. You know what I gotta do here, right? Let me reason with him more time. Here's what's going to happen, George. If you don't admit to providing the steroids, Agent Booth is going to arrest you for murder. - That's ridicous. - Really? - 'Cause you got a great motive. - What motive? R.J. Manning admitted to you that he was going to fess up to Coach Morse that he was on 'roids. You panicked and killed him. Now, who's going to fall for this? The grand jury. R.J. hitting me had nothing to do with steroids. Agent Booth needs more than your assurance on that, George. All right. R.J. and I had a deal, and he wanted to break that deal. You signed him up, didn't you? Illegal as hell, but George had R.J. sign with him for representation into the NBA. NBA salary, merchandising rights, signature shoe... and R.J. wanted out, right? Cars, apartment, providing for his family! I deserve a little return on my investment. Was R.J. the only one that you had a deal with? Who else? Colby? Colby's a nice kid, but he's never going pro, Cutter. Now, I didn't kill R.J. Manning. There's no point to it. I had a legally binding contract with him. You rat bastard! If you don't arrest him for that 'roid thing, I will, okay? All right, I got him, I got him, I will, I will, I got it. This is saliva I found in Manning's shorts. I also found pre-seminal fluid. Well, what does that mean? Are you serious? I know it means he had an erection, but what does the erection mean? That he was sexually stimulated. Well, I know that. Healthy post adolescent males experience 11 to 20 erections every day. Any number of which produce pre-seminal fluid. Yes, but do those erections produce saliva? No. Cam's a doctor, honey. That was an amusing rhetorical question. Zack also found this in the victim's hair. - What? Semen? - No. Esophageal mucus, commonly known as a loogie. Someone spat at the victim? Should I paint you a picture? No. Traces of pre-seminal fluid and saliva inside the basketball shorts suggest... oral sex during which the victim did not ejaculate. Or perhaps he was killed before ejaculation. I don't want to get graphic or anything, but wouldn't it be difficult to simultaneously bash someone's head in while servicing them? Talk about multitasking. Which means there might have been a witness to this murder. According to a cockroach I know, she might have been wearing blue lipstick. We have been assuming that the victim was conked on the head and then dragged under the bleachers and compressed. I see. Two people involved, victim and murderer. I see. But now, we could have a three-person situation. I see. Victim, murderer and... victim's special friend. And you need what from me? Any information you might have that could lead us to either the special friend or the murderer. You might be interested in these crystalline deposits. What is that? Bacteria crystallized postmortem. Gonorrhea bacteria? And we're back to R.J.'s special friend. If only we could figure out who she is. You might want to ask Edward Dekker. This is from R.J. Manning. And this... is from Edward Dekker. Same strain. The members of this team are very close. You know, you could wait outside, Bones, you know that. Are you still angry with me for saying that athletes are emotionally stunted? No, of course not. Where is he? Hey. Hey. Hey. Can I talk to you, Ed, for a second? All I did was pee in a cup for Jimmy Fields. All of a sudden, it's a federal case? Turns out, he has the clap. Exact same strain as you. Wait. You think I had sex with R.J.? - I don't know. Did you? - No! Then why did you bring it up? You brought it up. All I did was pee in a cup. Why? Because Jimmy's a teammate, and he asked me to. I would have done it for any of my bros. How did this boy get into college? Basketball. You know, I don't think I can be discussing sexual topics with her looking at me. - Why? - Because... you're hot, and I'm naked. Maybe you should just go stand over there. What, because he's shy? Look, maybe you didn't notice, but, I got no reason to be shy. Obviously, he can't concentrate, so either cover your eyes, or stand over there. I'll just... I'll be right here. Man, she's smokin'. All right, now Ed, I need to know if you and R.J. had sex with the same girl. Definitely. Okay. Who? I don't know. You don't know? Look, there are girls who like to have sex with basketball players. B-Bunnies. B-Bunnies, right, yeah. Yeah. Look, I'm not saying me and R.J. ever crossed swords or anything, but... we were definitely taking shots at the same hoops. Right. You wear condoms? - Always, yeah. - You got the clap. Right. So who didn't you wear a condom with? Attaboy. Now you're using your whole brain. Come on. All right, look, look, I got a name in my head, okay? But there is no way R.J. Manning ever tapped that. The name, Ed. I need the name. My poli-sci tutor, Justine. Hot not. All the bad decisions you made, and the one thing you're ashamed of is having sex with a not-hot girl? What are you doing? What? I know I have gonorrhea. I'm being treated for it. Okay, well, where'd you get it? They asked me the same thing in Health Services. Could have been a couple of places. You are a smart girl. Why didn't you wear a condom? I do... most of the time. You know what? I made a mistake. She's not a smart girl. This is a terrible university. Do you ever wear bright blue lipstick? Why? Is there some kind of link between the clap and blue lipstick? Let's discuss Ed Dekker. Okay, yes. I gave gonorrhea to Dekker. Are you going to arrest me? We know that R.J. Manning had the exact same strain. Did you give it to him, too? I mean, do you have some sort of hate-on for the entire basketball team? R.J. gave it to me. Then, he wouldn't even talk to me. So I gave it to Ed Dekker for revenge. Poetic, you know? Let R.J. know I was still alive. Those guys all talk, compare their conquests. You have a key to the bleachers. I didn't kill R.J. I'm not that nuts. We need a sample of your DNA. Why? Because just before he was killed, R.J. was having sex with someone who may have seen his murderer. You've got my snot, my tears... and my hair... knock yourself out. I don't understand. R.J. Manning broke her heart but even brain, this bastard. Justine Berry is not the one who left her saliva or her lipstick on the victim's privates. Okay, I'll help, but I do not want to be known as the makeup expert around here. You found blue lipstick. Shock-Rah by Zensual. "Zen" plus "sensual." Chakra. Shock-Rah. Rah as in "rah-rah," as in "rah-rah, sis-boom-bah." You started off in English, but I have no idea where you ended up. This is a promotional line marketed specifically to high school and college cheering squads, tailored to their team colors. Ah, Atlantic State Jaguars. R.J. Manning was under those bleachers getting lipsticked by a cheerleader. - Do you know why we're doing this? - I can guess. We found evidence that one of the cheerleaders might have been with R.J. before he died. Sexually. I know what "been with" means. You know, the DNA will, uh, tell us if it was you. It wasn't. Why isn't she upset? Oh, please. Oh, I get it. You think because R.J. compulsively played around, I might have lured him to his death or something? She's smart. Do you want to pick out anyone in particular here? Did you see R.J.? Before he was dead, I mean? He was a very good-looking guy. You factor in his sex drive and how he played, half these girls have done him. Hell, he even did the towel girl. Do you know about Justine Berry? R.J. liked girls. All kinds of girls. I'm just one kind. Which kind is that? The permanent kind. You planned to live like that? R.J. came home to me. That's the way it would have stayed. From his crappy student apartment to the giant mansion he would have gotten. Is she crying because she loved him or because she lost a mansion? She made the decision to hang on to him by letting him have sex with any other woman he wanted. That sounds extremely rational. That's what's confusing. Well done. The idea that one person can be all things to another person, satisfy every need or even more than one, is sentimental and mawkish. There are indentations here. Alphanumeric. "Z" and "S"? It's an imprint, it's backwards. The numerals two and five? Twenty-five. 25 pounds. An imprint from free weights. Our unknown female either meets or lures R.J. - under the bleachers. - Lures? We're pretty sure the girl didn't actually kill R.J., but that... doesn't mean that she wasn't bait. I got something. Blood splatter. It was wiped, but it's definite. Looks like we have our murder weapon. DNA evidence is in. The blood on the weight is definitely R.J.'s. What about the saliva and the sputum? - The loogie. - Oh, I know about loogies. Two things about the saliva: one, is that it did not come from the same person who provided the loogie. So the person who serviced R.J. is not the same person who spat on him. Two: we got a partial match on the saliva from one of the cheerleaders. Celeste Cutler. You think Colby and I plotted to kill R.J. Manning? Celeste, you lured R.J. Manning under the bleachers and you kept him busy. Kept him busy how? Evidence shows she was performing oral sex on him. Which gave you time to bash his head in. But you made one mistake. One. I haven't done anything. We will match this DNA to the sputum found at the scene. - What? - You hawked a loogie on him, kid. You killed him and you spat on his face. Look, God as my witness, that never happened. Sorry to interrupt, but you really need to see this. - Complete profile? - All 13 STRs. Thanks. We got a hit on CODIS from the DNA on the... hawked loogie. Hey, Chief. If I hadn't spat on that son of a bitch, you never would have caught me, right? Celeste might have told us. She doesn't know. I came in and... ... saw my little girl... saw her with R.J., doing what she was doing. She heard me and took off. None of the girls could resist R.J. Kid had it all. Magic boy. You know what else he had? The clap. And he knew that when he took my daughter underneath those... He's got a gun, Bones. I need you to leave now. Don't worry. It's not you I intend to shoot. There's no way Cutter Cutler kills himself. No way Cutter Cutler goes down without a fight. What are you doing? Do you want him to shoot at you? Go. I was just like him, you know? Under these same bleachers, in fact. I was as bad as him. You wouldn't understand. We were all like that. It changes your life view. You see your little girl... It's a different perspective. People are going to understand the action that you took, okay? I do. Man, you're Cutter Cutler. Lowest assist and turnover ratios. 12 triple doubles in your last season. Nobody could change direction in the open court like you, man, nobody. No. Do it now. Just change direction again. Cutter Cutler died... a long time ago. I'm just putting him away. Your hand hurt? A little. So, jock mentality, teams, not all bad, huh? Why are you telling me this? 'Cause you said we're all stunted adolescents who take children's games too seriously. I never meant you. What? I'm one of those guys. No, you aren't. You don't play at being a warrior. You are a warrior, every day. You're definitely... a fully developed man. Okay, okay. You leave the tip. Even Cutler knew you were lying when you said you treated women like that - beneath the bleachers. - And you believe him? Yes, because you still remember that first girl's name. Let's go. Bones Season 3 Episode 11