to the FBI to be allowed to carry a concealed weapon. I have to follow protocol. It's ridiculous. Fine. Then we're done here. You want to get some coffee...? My name is Dr. Temperance Brennan. - Reason for wanting a gun? - To shoot people. - Not a good response. - It's the truth. You know,I'm writing, Self-defense in the performance of my duties pursuing suspected felons as contracted out to the FBI. So I can shoot them. Have you ever been charged with a felony? - Charged Or convicted? - Charged. - You know I have. - I have to ask the questions. - Bureaucratic nonsense. - Nevertheless... - Name of the arresting officer? - You Special Agent Seeley Booth. Do you need me to spell that for you? I can sound that out. So, when do I get the gun? You can't have a gun. - Why not? - Because you were charged with a felony. Write down that you were wrong to charge me. There's no space for that. Why'd we go through all this if you were never going to give me a gun? You have a constitutional right to apply for a weapon. I would never deny your constitutional right. I need a gun! Rules are rules. Tell them that I shot a murderer who was going to light me on fire. Which is why you weren't convicted. But you did shoot an unarmed man. I can't ignore that. I swore an oath to protect society from people who shoot people. It was only his leg and he's in jail for the rest of his life. How much is he going to use it, anyway? You have the right to an appeal. To whom? Cullen? I'm pretty sure he doesn't like me. I'm pretty sure you're right. Bones, you don't need a gun. If anyone needs shooting, I'll do it. What if you're injured or dead and someone still needs shooting? I'm not hoping it will happen. I'm just stating a possibility. You know what, Bones? You're a professor. You're not an FBI agent. Use your mutant powers just talk people to death. Am I interrupting? I told them not to let you in this building. I gave them your picture. Which is why I wore the tiny skirt. Very cute. - Amy Morton. - Temperance Brennan. - You work with Booth? - Yes, I'm a forensic anthropologist. I'm a defense lawyer. I tend to work against Booth. If it's all the same, I'd prefer you two didn't bond in any way. Hey,I want to get back to the lab. You said I had to fill out some gun application form. Send it back by courier. - No hurry. - Nice to meet you. - What do you want, Amy? - You remember Howard Epps? Not likely to forget him. He's scheduled to be executed tomorrow night. My job is to keep that from happening. Best of luck. Howard Epps deserves five minutes of consideration from the man who put him on death row. I arrested Howard Epps. It was the jury who sentenced him to die. They found a pubic hair on the victim at the crime scene. It didn't belong to my client. They never figured out whose it was. Blame the judge who disallowed it as evidence and the judge who disallowed it on appeal. Epps was not well-represented at either trial. How long you been on the case? Almost a week. Less than a week,huh? Two judges, two juries, two prosecutors that find Epps guilty, but yet it's me you come after. I'm asking... are you absolutely positive Howard Epps killed that girl? Yeah. I'm absolutely positive. You know in your heart the judges should have allowed the juries to hear that that victim was with another man that night. - You know it. - Epps still would have been convicted. Not if I'd been his lawyer. - You weren't. - I am now. When was the last time you looked him in the face? Because you're a lot smarter than you were seven years ago. A lot less angry. You might want to check out the evidence again. I'd ask how you were doing, Howard but I guess we both know the answer. Agent Booth.. did you come to apologize? I'm not the one who beat a 17-year-old girl to death. Your attorney wants me to look you in the face. Why? She thinks you're innocent. Well, she's right about that. I didn't kill anybody... unlike you. The girl who got murdered was smart she was pretty, she was from a good family... someone has to die for that. And I'm all they got. Okay. - I looked you in the face. - I read it can be hell. They say it's like going to sleep but you're on fire... and you're paralyzed, so you can't scream... I mean, that's all you got sometime, you know? The scream. What if they get mixed up? I can tell them apart. That's Jeff and that's Ollie. I win. What do you...?! What?! That one was mine. You had Jeff, I had Ollie. Ollie won. You owe me a buck. You want in on the action, Angela? No,thank you. I'm going to go have sex. - Have a good time. - Yeah, okay. You sure you don't want to come? Troy can call a friend. I've been waiting months for these. It's a partial skeleton from southern France. - The institute... - the whole point of the week is the weekend. This is not the cabaret, my friend. Life is the cabaret. Come to the cabaret. It's like describing the moon to a mole. I demand another beetle, all right? Jeff's got a groin pull. Arthropods do not possess groins. Pay up. Mmm. Angela, you're looking good. And don't I know it. Okay, our tax dollars hard at work. Oh,yeah? What's break time at the FBI? Book burning? No! Oh, god! Hey,Bones,what are you doing this weekend? I have plans. - No, come on. I'm serious. - With your new girlfriend, the corporate lawyer and the defense lawyer on the side, your weekend must be completely booked. What is your thing with lawyers? Look, seven years ago, a 17-year-old girl, April Wright was found beaten to death in a federal park. Amy's just trying to stop the guy who did it from being executed. So I guess we're not pursuing your lawyer obsession? No, Amy doesn't think he did it. And what does this have to do with you? Oh, well, you know, Amy's client is deep sixed and she doesn't turn over every stone... and you're one of her stones. - Do you think he did it? - Yes. What's her reasoning? There was a pubic hair that wasn't accounted for. Pubic hair? Sounds like a job for the FBI crime lab. It's a weekend deal. Off the books. But if you have plans... Wait. This is a personal favor you're asking. Not for me, for Amy. Well, your personal favor will be for Amy, but mine would be for you, strictly speaking. Please do me a favor. - Any remains withheld from burial? - Not after the last appeal. I'd need x-rays from the M.E. And the coroner-originals. The copies are useless. Bone scrapings, lab results, tox screens... - All the evidence will be here within an hour. - I'll ask the others, but I won't order them. They might have plans. It's Friday night and they're racing beetles. How much time do we have? Howard Epps will be executed in 30 hours and 23 minutes. Let's start. Zack, pull up the first x-ray. Stress fractures on both tibias. - What's that mean? - Preexisting the assault. Probably an old injury from dance or running. She was a cheerleader. The Chinese used to execute people by cutting small pieces of flesh off their bodies. Called it the death of a thousand cuts. Compound fractures of the trapezium scaphoid and the base of the radius. What's that mean? When she was being beaten to death with a blunt instrument she threw her arm up to defend herself. Well, that's consistent with the defensive wounds in the autopsy report. In medieval Scotland, they tie a convict's arms and legs to two bent saplings. When they release the saplings, the trees sprang apart, and the convicted felon was torn in half. Should I grab particulates from this? That's clean. It's a phone number we found on the girl. Belonged to an old woman in a nursing home with no connection to anyone involved. Extensive damage to the skull. Smashed six to eight times with a narrow,cylindrical object. The tire iron- it was missing from April Wright's car. Autopsy showed she'd had sex shortly before her death. Consensual. No assault. The hair they found was never matched to anyone? No, the prosecution got it excluded from evidence both in trial and on appeal. That's the basis of your lawyer's last-ditch attempt to stop the execution? Yeah, and, uh, whatever else you guys can find. There are particles lodged between the left triquetral and the capitate. The M.E. concluded that they were bone fragments dislodged by the tire iron. No,these radiographic shadows are too opaque for bone. What's that mean? The prosecution's theory of the crime does not include foreign matter in the bone. Let's see if these shadows are bone fragments or something else. Like what? Let's pretend we're objective scientists and not indulge in conjecture. Zack,get a driver to take you over to Greenbelt Park. I want you to take pictures of the area where the body was found- ground covering, paved areas. - Why does he need a driver? - I can't drive. You're a genius who can't drive. If you knew what I knew about structural design, you wouldn't drive either. Take the file. Get photos of the surrounding area. So that we can contextualize the materials we found. Yeah. Yes, I'll be right there. That was April Wright's father. - Our murder victim's dad called you? - His wife is a wreck. They heard that Amy's angling for a last-minute reprieve. Why did he call you? Because Booth was the agent that arrested Howard Epps in the first place. I'm pretty sure that that evidence is not in the file earlier you said it's a phone number we found on the girl. We're trying to save someone you arrested for murder? All right, you know, I think he did it. I think this scumbag bashed April right to death with a tire iron. We found some anomalies in the prosecution's case. Do you want us to stop now before these anomalies become meaningful? No, stay on it. I got to get going. It's Friday night. There's nothing pathetic about pro bono work on a death penalty case. Everybody, this is Troy. Hey, how you doing? Could you just wait here one second? - Yeah. - Yeah. Why did you call me in? Look at this guy. He's cuter than a monkey with a puppy. I really,really need you to do texture analysis on seven-year-old x-rays. But I am on a date with Troy. He's a man. Wave. - What's the big steaming gigantic rush? - A man is scheduled to die in 26 hours. I think he'd like the results of our findings before then. Good one. Troy, sweetie, I've got a few things to do around here. Do you mind just hanging out for a little while? Uh, sure. No problem. Let me just call the restaurant tell them we'll be late. What do you think, half an hour? - Hmm, you better make it an hour... - Minimum. - Okay. Hodgins. Most recondite codes have a complex numerical cipher. That's a fun factoid, Zack. Thank you. One, two, four, zero, two, five, one, zero, two, two, one. That's the number they found on the victim. You're the one with the photographic memory. - I'm the one that's good with the ladies. - It's not a phone number. Hey. So, uh, what exactly do they do here? I thought Angela was an artist. She is. Do mostly forensic identification and reconstruction of discorporated remains. My specialty's entomology and particulates. Ever see maggots? Just got these in. Do not talk to him. Wait in the lounge, baby. It's up those stairs, right over there. - Don't talk to anybody. - Okay. What'd you find? A shard of bone. How'd they miss that? They're not as good as we are. 40-times magnification. That's not bone. It's an organic mineral... possibly quartz. I was out taking the pictures you needed and there was a sign and numbers on the ground, and I thought"why assume a quasi-randomly generated function-oriented paradigm?" Zack, when you talk that fast, human beings can't hear you. The number they foundon the girl 1-240-251-0221, everyone assumed it was a phone number but what if, instead of spacing numbers like a phone number, you space them like this? I was in the park taking picture and I saw the parking space was numbered. To get to picnic area ten, you go through gate 25. Seems more than a coincidence. 1-2-4-0,what do those represent? The time, 12:40. It was when she was going to meet whoever she was meeting. It fits with the timeline. He's weird, but he's smart. - April Wright was setting up a date. - Probably with the guy who left a pubic hair on her. Good job, Zack. I got something. It's not quite so idiot savant, but... it's aggregate gravel. What,what if the rest of the shadows on the x-rays were also gravel? There was no gravel where her body was found. It was all grass. Then she was killed someplace else. We have to exhume our victim's body. It's very stressful waiting for this all to be over, and now we hear Epps's lawyers are trying for a reprieve. I've heard. He got himself a young lawyer from the innocence project. They don't consider the family of the victims. You remember our lawyer, David Ross. Agent Booth is the investigator who caught Epps. Is this ever going to be over? - I understand how difficult this is, Mrs. Wright. - Epps killed my daughter. - You believe that, don't you, Agent Booth? - Yes, ma'am. I haven't changed my mind. - He deserves to die for what he did. - The jury thought so, the judge thought so. - All these appeals... - It's part of the process, that's all. Each effort to stop his execution is more and more desperate. This one's not going to work either. It's the third time they've launched an appeal. It's going to be the third time they fail. It's the last picture we have of April. She wanted to be a lawyer. David was her role model. He gave her a job at his firm on the weekends. She was a good worker. She was a beautiful girl. Excuse me. Booth. It's me. I'm with Amy. I don't like the sound of that. We're going to see the judge. I'm going to try to get an exhumation order. What? Why? We found evidence April may not have been killed where they found her body. You want details? Um, it's not a good time. We need to look at April's remains. Zack decoded the phone number. - Who decodes phone numbers? - It's not a phone number. - April met someone in Greenbelt Park the night she was murdered. So she met someone in the park. What does that prove? - Is this about April? - Um,let me get right back to you. What's happening now? Apparently, some new evidence has surfaced. What kind of evidence? Why don't you give me a few minutes with Agent Booth? - Let me evaluate these new developments. - Let's get some coffee. So,this new evidence- is this something they can bear to hear? Well,it concerns the person April had sexual relations with the night she was murdered. - The judge ruled that irrelevant. - Well, it's always hung there as a question. It's always the basis of the appeal. If we just I.D. The guy, this whole issue would just disappear. It was sex in a car. It was probably another teenager. Some kid too scared to come forward. Nobody said anything about sex being in the car. It was a parking lot. I assume the sex act took place inside a car. When April worked for your law firm on the weekends, what'd she do, the filing? That's right. Who was with her in the office? Why do you ask? Oh, 17-year-old girl- I'm sure you just wouldn't leave her in there all by herself. Oh, what, you can't remember? I'm sure the security logs will be able to tell us something. Refresh my memory, Mr. Ross. Where were you the night that April was killed, say, around 12:30? Now's the time that I ask for my lawyer and say nothing. - So,you seeing each other? - Who? You and Booth. No. No, we're, we're working together. 'Cause I'm picking up a bit of sex vibe. No, that's tension. He has a girlfriend. Tall, blonde,beautiful. A lawyer. Figures. Should have jumped him when I had the chance. - You really interested in Booth? - You aren't? - No. Then why are you helping him? Because he asked me. He said please. Come on! You think he's hot. No, not at all. This is a very interesting case. - Booth did say you had some kind of mania for the truth. - Mania? As in maniac? I'm notsure he meant it as a bad thing. Which, obviously, is how you're take it. You want to start, or shall I? I'm sorry, sir, I... I... I'll start. I'm thinking of, uh, suspending you for freelancing on a death penalty case we cleared seven years ago. My intention was just to tie up a few loose ends... - Do you, disapprove of the death penalty on principle? - No, sir, I have no problem with the death penalty. Because I hear that you're working for a particularly attractive, young idealist¡­¡­ Not true, sir. I mean, yes,she's young, she's an idealist, but I'm not working for her, no. Like I said, there was a loose end and I arrested Howard Epps. I provided the evidence which led to the death sentence. - That's your job. - I need to be sure, that's all. This guy was her godfather. I believe he had sex with a 17-year-old girl the same night she was murdered. A fact that the jury never heard,by the way. He's married, he's partners in a law firm. The guy's got everything to lose. If you want to question him, fine. Is that the end of your involvement, Agent Booth? Not exactly. They're moving to exhume the victim's body, sir. On whose recommendation? The young idealist lawyer... and Dr. Brown. Got the squints involved. Well, if she shoots anybody this time, I sure the hell hope it's you. - These are not the robes I'd like to wear to work, Ms. Morton. - Sir, if you could maybe tie your dressing gown? It's 1:00 in the morning. Deal with it. So,you found a piece of be the size of a toothpick. Yes, it's a shard from her left triquetral with gravel embedded in it. Describe the implications. The jury was told that these shadows here and here were bits of bone shattered in the attack. Through advanced digital x-ray techniques Dr. Brennan's team of scientists have foundthat the density of these fragments is not the same as the surrounding bone. What are they? The only way I can tell is by actually looking at them. - You want to exhume April Wright? - Yes, please. - Because of some shadows on an x-ray? - I don't see another alternative. But, Dr. Brennan... if those shadows turn out to be pieces of bone, I'd be extremely angry. Thank you, judge Cohen. For making a veiled threat? I thought you were threatening me because you decided to sign the exhumation order. I did not kill April Wright. There are good people out there. And people who believe me. People who know I did not kill that girl, 'cause they saw all the evidence. I honestly think he's innocent. Don't you? I don't like to form any conclusions before all the evidence is in. They won't let me die just for stealing a car. April Wright's body just arrived. This is Jacqueline Singer reporting to you live from cumberland state prison. You might be more comfortable staying here. - I... I can't. - Aw, God. Don't look, sweetie. You're not an artist. You're a freak. You people are all freaks. This job is so hard to describe online. The left... triquetral. That's a match. For the record, do you concur? I concur. Got several pieces of foreign material lodged in the bone. That's the same stuff we found in the shard. Which is consistent with the arm being dragged through gravel after the attack. I got a warrant to search the house of the guy April Wright had sex with the night she was murdered. - What'd you find? - Underwear. Can you run a comparison on the hair? That April Wright? Looks like she wasn't killed where she was found. Then where was she murdered? We've got microscopic particles beaten into the skull. Were these ever I.D.'D? According to the autopsy report- no. It's a visual match. Will you back-stop him on that? Where's Amy? - Here. I can't... - that's okay. Things can get pretty... you know, disgusting around here. I concur with Zack. We have a visual match on the pubic hair. Is a visual match enough to stop the execution? We need DNA to be sure. Amy's right. This evidence isn't enough to stop the execution. And you've got nothing else? Nothing at all? I don't know what else we can do. If you tell the judge you've changed your mind... that Howard Epps is not guilty... - Have you changed your mind? - No. I have doubts that the guy should be executed, but... Let's go see the judge. At my age, a man needs a good night's sleep. Lack of sleep clouds judgment. You stay the execution, judge, I promise you'll sleep like a baby. - Mr. Carlyle, what does the prosecution think? - This is a waste of the state's time, your honor. Ms. Morton is recycling old evidence, presenting it in a different way, in a last-ditch attempt to keep Howard Epps from being executed. - She's an ideologue. - That's true. But it doesn't mean I'm not right. But this case doesn't add up. You, brilliant scientist lady, talk to me about this bone shard. It indicates the body was dragged to the location where it was later discovered. - That plus the gravel... - common gravel. I'm not convinced. What about the hair? It's a visual match. That narrows the statistical probability to... - DNA? - Ten days. We'll have it in ten days. What about this man that the FBI's taken into custody-David Ross? Has he confessed to sleeping with her? - No. - Even if the DNA say David Ross slept with the girl, it doesn't prove he killed her. Let's stick with new facts, Ms. Morton. Your honor, at least give us time to find David Ross's car. There could be evidence of murder... could be? I can't stop an execution because there could be an evidence. Judge Cohen, I have the arresting officer right here. The primary investigator. Agent Booth,have you suddenly decided that Howard Epps is not guilty? - No. - Booth! I think there are doubts. When it comes to an execution, there shouldn't be any doubts. He doesn't have doubts. He has cold feet. You think I won't pop you one just because we're standing in the judge's kitchen? You see? You lose sleep, you get cranky. - Judgment suffers. It's not enough. - Your honor, you can't dismiss this so easily. Easily? I allowed you to exhume that girl's remains. You think I did that easily? We all feel the weight of a capital case, Ms. Morton, but the law is clear. Unless there is proof of grievous incompetence by counsel or an denial of legitimate and definitive factual certainties, my hands are tied. - I'll go out the prison and tell Epps. - I'll take another look at the skull, see if we didn't miss something. - Bones... - The particulates in the skull haven't been analyzed yet. This is so barbaric. - When are they going to put a stop to the damn death penalty? - I believe in the death penalty. What?! There are certain people that shouldn't be in this world. The people who hacked hundreds of innocent children to death in Rwanda. Be headed them at their desks at school. The people who did that-they should be executed. So why do you care about Epps? Because the facts have to add up. Drop me at the lab, please. Last meal. I can't decide. What's the last taste that I want? Howard, I am so sorry. Dr. Brennan is still working on a few ideas. You see the truth. - You know I'm innocent,right? - Well, there's a chance you're not guilty. That's good enough for me. A chance, I said. A chance. - These are slivers of metal found on the skull. - Probably from the tire iron. - Is that blood? - It's silt. I'm breaking it down. It contains traces of two chemicals. Anthracene and Fluoranthene. I scanned in all the x-rays and built a 3-d module. Troy would have liked that. Bastard. I found some more material. In the fractures along the sagittal suture. It's a pollen. The pollens from Spartin Alterniflora. More commonly known as smooth cord grass. I'm sorry, what does pollen tell us about April Wright's murder? Angela. The murder weapon collected pollen from the surrounding flora. When she was struck,pollen from the murder weapon was deposited in April's skull. Spartina Alterniflora is only found along Chesapeake bay. The pollen and silt both show traces of complex chemicals. - What does that mean? - April Wright was killed in a marsh near a chemical plant. Amy Morton. Thanks. They've moved Howard Epps to the imminent room. What's that? It's where he has his last meal and says good-bye to his family. We need the location of that marsh. Look, the hair we found proves that you had sex with April Wright. - You're going to be charged with statutory rape. - Not by you. Statutory rape is not a federal crime. So I'm left to assume that you're here to get my client to confess to murder. Oh, it adds up, it tracks. I didn't kill April. You met April in a bar, but she was killed somewhere else. Near a chemical plant? - I don't know anything about that. - You had sex with her. She threatened to tell her family; you couldn't let that happen. - No... no... - you'd lose your business, your professional standing. - Do not engage with him, David. - You had motive, you had means, you had opportunity. - I didn't kill her. - Then why aren't you helping us? - What? - By not admitting that you were there that night, by not confessing that you were with her, you're clouding the issue. So what? Epps will still be in jail for the rest of his life. We are not discussing the events of that night, Agent Booth. You are the only person who could tell us what happened that night. - Do you care at all about what happened to her? - Okay, look, I went there that night just to talk,okay? - That's all. - This interview is over. No! I went just to talk. Look, I'm not proud of what happened. I can tell you exactly why it happened, but I'm not proud of it. I shouldn't have let myself get pulled in. I didn't know it was her first time. I didn't know she'd get so upset. She ran off. - Don't tell me you left her in that park. - No. I looked for her. I waited for over two hours. Finally, I figured she'd called somebody to come get her. Was her car still there when you left? - Yes, it was. - What time was that? - It was after 2:00 A.M. - Did you see anyone else? Yeah there was traffic. There was some traffic-it was all teenagers. After 1:00 A.M.There was nothing. Look, maybe it is my fault that he got to her. You know, maybe I should go to jail for that. Its to having sex with her? Yes, sir. Did he kill her? Well, he's either telling the truth or he's setting up his defense. So, April Wright met David Ross for a sexual liaison; he took her to a second unknown location, beat her to death and deposited the body back at the park. That's sketchy. Which is why we have to find the murder weapon. Find a tire iron in a marsh after seven years-that's a long shot. - That's why we need metal detectors and gpr. - And a dozen or so agents, sir. And if you find this tire iron, you can positively identify it as the murder weapon? It's possible we can match the traces we found in April's skull. Possible? No. Howard Epps' lawyer should present this argument to the judge and let him decide. Well, sir, without the murder weapon, he will not stay the execution. Way out on a limb here, Booth. He's just trying to find the truth. Why should he be penalized... - Take the equipment and the men you need. - Thank you, sir. She can't have a gun. No gun. Absolutely not. We have gpr and more agents will meet us out there. We'll have a total of four devices, so we'll be able to cover a lot of ground. I'm plugging in all the data from the area to get the location with the closest match. Given the chemicals in the soil and the pollen, I'd say we're looking for a spot near the rock hall processing plant. We'll have video relay when we get to the bay. - And I need pictures of the type of grass we're looking for. - Okay. There are four areas that have Spartina Alterniflora. Muddy area, knee-high grass... Okay, go back one screen. It's just off that service road. We've got the tire iron over here. There's something else. Here. I got something. And it's more than a tire iron. Is that what I think it is? I need a shovel... I need a shovel; she's digging here. Are you going to help? I would,but this is a $1,200 suit. Are you kidding me? I haven't slept in 48 hours and you're worried about your suit? Get over here. Fine. Can I get a shovel? Thank you. Dig gently, Booth. Small layers at a time. What would you usually be doing? What? - If it were a normal weekend. - You want to discuss this now? - Compared to you, with your multiple sex partners... - you know, that's none of your business, okay? I'm not having sex with Amy, and I've never ever cheated on any woman that I've ever been with. Never! I just asked what you'd normally be doing. I'd be at a movie, dancing with somebody I care about. You? What the hell is going on here? Female, approximately 17 to 25 years old. Blunt trauma to the skull. Also female, same approximate age, same type of injury. This doesn't fit with Ross. If he killed April, it was a panic murder, personal, not serial. Both these victims have been dead for at least five years. - Maybe more than seven? - Yes. Epps. It was Epps. He snatched April from the park after she ran from Ross, brought her here,to his killing ground. Why did he take her back to the park? He watched them have sex. He saw them argue. Epps knew suspicions would fall on Ross. - He took her back. - And stole her car. We got played. What? How? Either way, Epps wins. We find Ross, the execution is stopped. We-we find thise bodies... the execution is stayed until these murders are investigated. If I don't make this call... he's gonna be dead in a half an hour. But these women, they deserve to be heard. It's what we do, Booth. - The rest... - Lawyers. Lawyers. Amy, it's Booth. I think we got you your stay of execution, but you're not going to like it much. Thank you. - All I can say is "thank you. " - What's that, Howie? Practicing to get jury sympathy? I did not kill anyone. Thank you. I mean it. We found the tire iron. You'll be found guilty of these murders. Well, I need a good lawyer. These murder investigations take a long time. Then there's the appeals... and since I should have been dead a half an hour ago, it's all gravy from now on. We gave him everything he wanted. Who knows if there'll even be a death penalty then. I mean, that's your dream, isn't it? We want the same things from life. And I owe you, too. I read your book. When I heard you were working with Booth here, I knew you were just what I needed. - You going to arrest me for assault? - From what I saw purely self-defense. - Maybe I shouldn't carry a gun after all. Hell, you can have mine. - What's the matter with you two? - Bad day at work. Well,that's what you get for working on weekends. You ever hear about taking some time off? Having a little fun? Why? What did you do? I'd be breaking about six different laws if I just told you how I maneuvered on my saturday nights. But I will bring you some food. I'm not hungry. No use arguing with Sid, Bones. Are you in trouble with your boss? - I'm sorry for wrecking your weekend for nothing. - No, not for nothing. You know what I mean. You know, all that running around- that didn't change anything. Epps was guilty. He was always always guilty. There was doubt. We had an obligation to respect that doubt. We all share in the death of every human being. - Very poetic. - No. Very literal. We all share DNA. When I look at a bone, it's not some artifact that I can separate from myself. It's a part of a person who got here the same way I did. It should never be easy to take someone's life. I don't care who it is. What? What? You've been practicing your Nobel Prize speech just a little too much. Scallops in Szechwan garlic sauce, dark fried rice.