they are about everything. In the darkest moments before dawn, a woman returns to her bed.</i> What life is she leading? Is it the same life the woman was living half an hour ago?</i> A day ago? A year ago?</i> Who is this man? Do they lead separate lives or is it a single life shared?</i> Do you love me? Yeah. Do you want me to prove it to you? If you're not too sleepy. A storm approaches. It is still over the horizon, but there is lightning in the air.</i> Are either of them aware of the gathering turbulence?</i> Can they feel the crackle of electricity in the wind?</i> Or are they aware of only the power that they generate between themselves?</i> I love when you do that. The first hint of this storm is not a thunderclap.</i> It is a knock. - Get it. - No! You get it! - No! You get it! - You get it. Great. I get it. What?! What?! Good morning. I'm Detective Saroyan. I know who you are. You're my brother's partner. She prefers the term "boss." Official visit. See the badge? What's going on? There's my robe. A body was found at your nightclub. Who was still at work when you left? Zack came in just before 4:00, brought the car around for me. And then Fisher was supposed to come in at 5:00 so they could do inventory. - Do you think it was one of them? - They should have said more than, "There's a body." - They found him laying in the bathroom. - Is it terrible? When Zack saw it, he, he screamed. I heard him from the kitchen. Yelped, not screamed. Ready? - I was taken aback. - It was a scream. She has never seen a dead body before.</i> He was in the Army, and has seen too many.</i> - Recognize him? - No. - You didn't see this guy last night? - No. Neither of us was on the floor much last night. What about this? You ever hear of a place called Amicangelo's? Which one's closer to the washroom, your office or the kitchen? My office. How is it the chef heard your assistant shout, but you didn't hear a gunshot? Maybe I'd already gone home. I left at 4:00 A.M. Blood coagulation suggests time of death occurred between 1:00 and 3:00 A.M. You weren't where you said you were. So where were you? From midnight until 4:00 A.M. I was in my office. Then I went home. Let's go, honey. Thanks. Thanks a lot. - You think that was insensitive? - Implying that she was cheating on her husband we could've waited until he wasn't standing right next to her. Why? They bust up and you finally get a crack at her. That's what you want, right? I know you all worked late last night. Maybe short on sleep, but I need to prepare you for what happens next. Anybody not heard about our murder? Bones - Season 4 Episode 26 "The End in the Beginning" Good, because you are all suspects. Synchro: ShalimarFox, Camy Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Somebody turned off the security cameras. You think one of us is the killer? You mind, Detective Saroyan? I am conferring with my clients. Are you, in fact, acting as our solicitor in this matter? I'm the nightclub's lawyer. You are welcome to call up your own. If we didn't do it, why do we need a lawyer? - I didn't kill anyone. - Zack screamed when he saw the body - so he's off the hook, right? - Yelped. He screamed like Slutty Girl #1 in a teen horror flick. From here on in, you do not answer questions you don't get asked! Consider me your top suspect. For God's sake. I'm a trained chef, all right? Finest schools in Europe, but my professional life consists of cooking chicken wings designed to make people drink more beer. I'm a man on the edge. Your wings have been voted "Best in the City" 2 years running. Not best. "Tallest." I'm the originator of the "Tower of Wings." Which'll probably be on my tombstone. - Never seen him in my life. - You're the hostess. You see everyone who comes in. Maybe if you had a picture of him alive? I don't have a very good visual imagination. He looks like a lot of guys. Is that his real hair? Let the record show that my client is indicating with his head that he does not recognize the victim. Like all my clients. Next question. Have you witnessed any altercations, any differences of opinion at the club lately? Well, Mr. B... that's what we all call Mr. Booth, told this hip-hop impresario, "C-Synch" who is actually very cute, by the way... that he would never book him or any of his acts into the club. C- Synch, yeah. He's, he's all right, isn't he? Right hand full of talent, left hand full of street cred due to the fact that his brother is a big-time gangster. Clark Edison? AKA C-Synch? You restrained him from lunging at your boss? I heard C-Synch shouting all the way at the back of the coat check. He was mad. Are you aware of a city councilman named Max Keenan? Everybody knows Max. He's around all the time. Max Keenan is upset because he never got his "facilitator's fee" for getting City Council to rezone us for live entertainment. Why would a crooked politician tell you that he was upset about not getting a payoff? I'm a bartender. I'm practically a psychologist. A Persian named "Ara" something wants to buy the nightclub. - Arastoo Vaziri? - Bren's met with him about 40 times. Mr. B does not want to sell. It was me who shut off the security cameras. I wanted some privacy with my boyfriend, whom I will not name. Okay, me and Daisy, we got a thing, but the thing that we have isn't, you know, isn't... a boyfriend/girlfriend thing. It's a thing. It's just not a thing. Ms. Julian warned us that you've to make an arrest in this case. I just want to say that because Jared and I went out on a couple of dates, he cannot accept it's going nowhere, doesn't mean that I should go to jail. She didn't tell you not answer questions that you weren't asked? Should I mark your people down as "stupid" or "uncooperative"? Put 'em down as "well-represented." How about I put 'em down as "accessories after the fact"? How long will they keep the club shut down? As long as they want. It's a murder scene. - Financially, that's gonna hurt. - I'm your councilman. Maybe I can help. How much is that gonna set us back? I want you to consider the possibility that this unfortunate incident... You mean the homicide? Maybe if you had remembered to reimburse the people that went out of their way to get you that zoning change. Really? What, are you gonna put the squeeze on us retroactively? Why is it so hard for you husband to see the ways of the world? Because he wants me to be proud of him. I'm afraid you won't be able to reopen the nightclub for quite some time. Where can I appeal that decision? - What they said about you is true. - What's that? That you're kind of a cold fish. If by "cold fish," you mean pragmatic and rational, then that's what I am. No, I meant more like somebody when a human being is murdered, cares more about reopening the club than catching the murderer. I have my job, you have yours. Where were you really last night? Who were you with? I had a very satisfying go around with my husband at about 5:00 this morning. How about you? The victim was killed by a gunshot wound to the chest. Guns are loud, but you did not hear it. You were not in the building. Either we talk about this now, maybe it goes no farther. Otherwise, I gotta pursue this line of inquiry in a graceless manner. - So this is blackmail? - You pride yourself on being pragmatic. I figured you'd appreciate the logic. This guy, the Persian, whatever. How bad does he want your place? Kind of guy who won't take no for an answer. Why? Because the guy comes up shady. But he's got an alibi for last night. Twin hooker alibis. I'm gonna tell you something, something Cam doesn't even know yet. Coroners found fibers inside the bullet track - from something used to muffle the gun. - That would explain why Bren didn't hear the shot. It's amazing what forensics can do these days. Now, if we happen to find that particular item, it could lead straight to the killer. So you think I know where it is? I'm just saying the best thing is that item never turns up. Cam says everybody thinks I'm a cold fish. What you are is Iceland. Cool to the touch, but underneath, you're all volcano. I don't like people thinking that I'm a cold fish. Look, if you were really a cold fish, you wouldn't care. You used logic on me. That's sweet. Cam says the reason I didn't hear the gunshot is because I'm cheating on you. Jared thinks, you know, I'm the killer and is helping me get away with it. So, you're a murderer, I'm unfaithful? We're a very exciting couple. Except the real reason you didn't hear anything is that the gunshot was muffled. That's Caroline's phone. What's she calling for? Hello. You've reached Bonnie and Clyde. - Murder, Incorporated. - How may we help you? Yeah, it's, it's Max. - What are you doing on her's phone? - I don't own a cell phone. Big Brother always knows where you are when you got a cell phone. I guess when you're as shifty as Max here, paranoid is good. You're open for business tonight. - Well, how'd you pull that off? - Let's say I went in the front door, Max slipped in the back, and we got it covered. - What does that even mean? - Just you got to remember what they say about one hand washing the other. That particular cliché pertains to people with clean hands. You do not qualify. There's a blood stain on the bathroom wall. Yeah, someone smashed the victim's head against the wall, knocked him out, and then came back, finished him with a shot to the chest. Very cold-blooded execution, in fact. - How did you know that? - I eavesdropped on the cops. They're looking for something that was used to smother the sound of the shot. Why do you have a gun? I'm English, OK? We don't use guns. We use our foreheads. What you've just picked up is most likely the murder weapon. Why would the murder hide the gun in your stuff? Perhaps because he sussed me out as, you know, the type of fellow who'd be smart enough to get rid of it. Evidently, he didn't expect you to be here when I discovered it. Maybe we should get rid of it. - You and I are not in collusion. - Why not? 'Cause you're the type of moron who goes to jail for a murder he didn't commit, and I... am not. Then what do we do? What I should do is kill you with the gun and tell the cops that you attacked me after confessing to the murder. It's hard to believe that someone was murdered just over there. Means nothing to me. I'm a bestselling pulp crap crime novelist. I trade in death daily. Theoretically. What liquor best exemplifies death by substance abuse? Irish whisky, of course. But... what spirit best represents murder most foul? You know, everyone that works here is a suspect. I'm working with a murderer. Now, do you have a picture of this poor bastard that was murdered? Fisher sent this to me this morning, before the cops arrived. I'll only show you if you lose the Irish accent. Take a look. - The man is obviously a hired killer. - You get that from a phone pic? His hair, his suit, his ring, the fact that I talked to him last night... here. Here? In this bar? I didn't see him. Gotcha. Yeah, right. None of us did. Very good. Murder most foul. Do you feel that? I mean, this place is magic. Your stage has mystic properties. That is a ridiculous urban legend. Explain how so many people that played here over the years have gone on to fame and fortune. - Because we have good taste. - This place had the power before you got here, and it'll have it after you're gone. All I want is my piece of the legacy. Sing, sing, baby. And if you had good taste, you would book me first and then each of my protégés thereafter, you dig? Dig this. I recognize your personal talent. But I don't book you or your... - Protégés. - ... because of your brother. - So you're just brazenly racist? - Sorry? Speak louder. This is exactly where I did not want this conversation to go. My husband is concerned about your gang ties. Which is not you, but is your brother. There's Cain and then there's Abel. You see a mark on my forehead? That makes me Abel. On top, how are you gonna penalize my protégés because of my brother? - How is that fair? - As your lawyer, I must advise you, if Mr. Edison lodges a suit, the outcome is not assured in our favor. We will discuss it. Since we are partners. Look, I know whatever you're doing is very important. It's... C-Synch. C-Synch. - What's up? - Be glad you're a pasty Brit albino. Cheers. I need to talk. 200 million unregistered guns in the country, this one finds its way into my gear. Anybody touch it? - Did anybody touch it? - Zack did. Legally, if it's with my stuff, can I just, like, claim it as my own and toss it into a volcano? Caroline is an officer of the court. She has to report it, right? I sure as hell do now. .38, right? Matches the murder weapon. Zack touched it. Will you two let me do some of the detecting, please? Saturday night special. Totally disposable. My theory, it's the murder victim's gun. Taken away from him by persons unknown, who shot him in the chest then hid it here thinking that Vincent would find it, panic and throw it away, because he's, well... - English. - Who's this, now? - Very successful crime novelist. - They never get anything right. I'm not gonna fare well in jail. - I'm lovely. - Don't worry about it. I'll bail you out. You, too, Zack. No Vincent, no DJ. No DJ, no entertainment. Time to carpe your diem, bub. You mean the band? Get a girl to smack the tambourine, you maybe got a shot. - You mean Angela? - Of course I don't mean Angela. You don't stand a chance with Angela. Her. Pansy or Buttercup. Mysterious Persian real estate mogul who's been trying to buy our home away from home. What nefarious reasons does he have? I want this club 'cause I know how to turn it into a gold mine. - Boring. - Good business, like a good marriage, is outwardly boring. Sorry. Last night, I go home a little before 3:00. I check to make sure Bren is locked in safe. I wonder, did somebody tape the door after I checked it? 'Cause this guy got in somehow. You mean the dead guy or, whoever killed him? There's nothing tacky on the bolt here, so it wasn't taped. That means either the dead guy hid in the club after closing - or Bren let him in after my sweep. - She didn't. Whoever killed this guy either had a key or was also already in the club. Bren was the only one inside the club. You seem pretty sure this is the way it played out. The dead guy... chats me up last night. Why didn't you tell the police? Creepy old guy, trespassing around our club during the night... I know what I'd do if I caught him. Did you catch him? Nope. Did you? 'Cause until I get the specific answer to that question, my loyalty's with you. I didn't catch him, but I appreciate your loyalty. Hey, Arastoo, how you doing? He's making me another offer on the nightclub. Really? How big of a bump do we get for murder? The offer is lower. This place is under a cloud. Things like this occur when people are not reasonable. Implying that you are behind the murder trying to scare me to sell. Ballsy move, pal. Behind it? No. Merely taking advantage. It's good business. Right, my nightclub is not for sale. But my booze is. So either get a drink or get the hell out of here. Heard about Vincent being arrested. Can my band audition? Come on, what's the harm? Be ready in one hour, pal. Yes! Yes! You won't be disappointed. Why? - I got a soft spot for the kid. - Well, you're made of soft spots. You're still gonna make the call, right? Of course I'm gonna make the call. I'm not soft in the head. What is the call? It's why I own this place and you never will. So, drink or you gonna leave? Awkward. Very awkward. - Awkward. - Angela, what is awkward? It's a floor plan for the nightclub. Yeah. I drew it. For the murder victim, last night. You know how what I always really wanted to do is interior decorating? I mean, I'm very good. I sort of have a knack. And he told me that he owned a nightclub and that he'd hire me to... And I figured he was probably hitting on me, but then Jared showed up and asked me out for, like, the hundredth time. Why are you showing this to me? Because if I show it to Mr. B, his head will explode. - You're a cooler customer. - I'm not a cold fish, I'm Iceland. If I had a firmer grasp of geography, I might know what you mean. - Why would his head explode? - Well, note the X at this office. Traditionally, X marks the spot. The safe? You think he wanted to rob us? Well, yeah, maybe. Or... it's possible that the X marks a whole other objective. The only thing left is... Me. Why didn't you show this to the police? 'Cause they'll take it without telling me if it means what I think it means. What do you think it means? People know the best way to hurt him... Is to hurt you. The Persians are capable of sending a very bad message. - What do you mean, bad message? - Head cracking. Leg breaking. Neck snapping. Finger snipping. Like that. - It's possible they sent this guy. - To break my legs? And the gangbangers make him and they kill him to make a statement. So, Booth was right about the gangbangers? Everyone serves somebody. Something your husband refuses to accept. I know he's stubborn. He's a man of principle, and I mean that as a terrible insult. Now, if he had just paid me off, none of this would have happened. Who do you work for that could scare off the Persians and the gangbangers? Ask your brother-in-law about the Gravedigger. Because he's a cop? Because he and I work for the same guy. Hello? The murder victim has been identified as Dick Vorstenbach. He was a security consultant for a waste disposal company in Newark. A mobster named Vorstenbach? What's the world coming to? - So, what was he doing at our place? - That's a mighty fine question. - Where did you get this? - What's that? It was slipped to me anonymously by someone who drew it for Vorstenbach last night. Your office is marked. Meaning Vorstenbach was in your club last night, but nobody saw him. Excuse me, Cam, but this napkin proves that Vorstenbach was sent to hurt my wife. That is one of our theories. - Could the Gravedigger have sent him? - Now, where'd you dig that up? Isn't he some old mobster type? Has his finger in every pie? - There's no Gravedigger. - Max likes to say he works for him. It makes him scary. - Exactly, so forget the Gravedigger. - Look, our first job is to find out who killed Vorstenbach, finding out who sent him is totally secondary. Right, but here in the real world, when do we get our DJ back? Never. Your people are lying to me and till I find out why, you can't have your DJ, nor your assistant, nor anybody else I can scoop up. Now, now, it's blatant police brutality to use the word "nor" so aggressively. Violent death, murder, it sends out shockwaves.</i> The closer you are to it, the greater the shock.</i> Max told me that he works for the Gravedigger. But he told me something else. He said that Jared works for him, too. Don't get so mad. Max could be lying. Look, I'm mad because I don't find it hard to believe at all. All right. Did Max give you the napkin? Nope. Angela. - What? - What do you mean, what? Why are all our employees holding out on the cops? They love us. Especially you. They love us. We're lovable. What math gets them to obstruct justice? They all know that you'd kill anyone who was going to hurt me. And that man, Vorstenbach, was going to hurt me. They think I'm the killer? That's the math that gets them to lying to police and obstructing justice. So, we're Gormogon. I mean the name of the band is "Gormogon." Some people think that I'm Gormogon, but I'm not. It's like there's no one named "Floyd" in Pink Floyd. - Just play, Sweets. - Yeah. Gormogon? That's a stupid name. What does it even mean? Man, I'm telling you, I'm looking at Sweets in a whole different way. Really? - Thank you. - That was wonderful, wonderful. - Why did they even invent piano? - The thing is, it's a... It's a nightclub. And people, they got to dance, not just... Fall in love. - You're really good. - Stop. It was great stuff, though. You know... People, they got to... It's a dance club. Big beat. Big noise. You understand. All right. My brother would like to talk with you. He's waiting for you. Right. Sweets, why don't you play another song for the girl there? What's going on? I got a meeting with an angry gangbanger in the alley. - I got my gun. - You got a gun? He's the leader of a gang. He's killed people. He hates your guts. I ain't no mathematician, but that adds up bad. Hang back. All right. I want my brother to play in the club! Open the door, boss! I'm right here. Come on! I'm coming! - Who is that? - C- Synch's brother. Head of the gang. Don't move or I'll blow your head off. You want to drop that? Thank you. Hi, honey. - You okay? - Yeah, you should see the other guy. So, who do you want to arrest? Let's take them all. Look, man, my brother don't sag, slang or bang. What about you? Clark barely talks to me, you dig? - Why do you care? - He's my brother. And your club is on my block. - Do the math, man. - Look, I been here before, okay? Place becomes a gang hangout, East Coast meets West Coast. - Somebody gets popped. - Says the dude with the dead body - in his bathroom. - For all I know, you did it. I pop somebody. I don't muffle the shot, brother. I shoot him straight on in his face. Ask anybody. Look, man. What if I decree your place off-limits to my crew or any other crew? - You can decree? - He's my brother, man. I want to see him get his cheese, see his face on buses. Fine. C- Synch in the house. - You still think it could be him? - Nope. He'd have taken credit if he did it, used it to scare your brother. That guy's got nothing to do with Vorstenbach's murder. Let him go. Thanks. Now they have my assistant, our doorman, and our DJ. I can watch the door until they release Wendell. What about entertainment? I thought Sweets was fantabulisticulous. - We got the crew. - What crew? So, Daisy told me something and I figured you need to know. That murdered guy? - I sort of had a conversation with him. - And you didn't tell the police? Well, it's what they discussed that's important. It's Daisy, so they discussed sex. - That's mostly true. - Please, what is the point? Lance's songs were so romantic, - which made me amorous. - Oh, maybe skip ahead a little. Well, Lance was nervous we'd get caught because I'm unabashed about noise. Okay. Is it "skip" or "ahead" or "point" that she doesn't understand? Well, I told Lance that I knew a place where a couple in love could find some privacy. - Which is the way I told Vorstenbach. - That's the point. When Wendell does his sweep, he never checks the lost and found. Vorstenbach could have hid back here and waited for the club - to be empty. - Remember all those wooden matches, - around the body? - He was here. Why didn't you tell the police you saw Vorstenbach? Fisher says that Mr. B probably killed the guy to save you and we should do everything we could to impede the investigation. Was that wrong? It felt right. - They let you out? - Yes. Someone stole my shoes. Of course, they did. Sweets found your coat. - I don't get the connection. - It was jammed into a case of gin. He brought it to me. I found the bullet hole. Someone used my coat to muffle the gunshot? What did you do with my coat? That's my expensive Belgian corduroy coat? I decided to douse it with pure grain alcohol and burn it. So, you two conspired to... keep this big secret from the rest of us? Mr. B had the strength to bash the guy's head against the wall, and you have the... Will to shoot him. Is that why you picked up the gun? In case my fingerprints were on it? I've learned a lot from Mr. Hodgins' books. Zack and Sweets found my Belgian corduroy coat and burned it because it had a bullet hole in it. - Are you serious? - Yeah. They figured that you bashed his head against the wall, and then, - I shot him. - Should I be upset that everyone thinks that we're murderers or just... happy that everyone's trying to help us get away with it? You should recognize that everything they do to help makes us look more guilty. - Especially you. - Why me? Because you are strong enough to smash his head into the wall and I'm not. So, we having... some doubts? Not about anything important. Here. Yeah, the fibers we found in the victim's wound are... - Belgian corduroy. How'd you know? - We can't find Bren's coat. If it's in that club, we'll eventually find it. So... I heard you the first time: find the coat, get rid of it, burn it, whatever. The only problem is: I didn't kill the guy. Max says you're in the Gravedigger's pocket. Did he send him? Max is nuts. And crooked as a stick in water. Look, hey, hey. Somebody put this Vorstenbach guy on Bren. - What? - You're not going to like it. Somebody comes into my club to hurt my wife, of course I'm not. Bren was cheating on you with the Persian. You got that wrong. Met with him over a dozen times. Over 70 phone calls in the past three weeks. How many times a day you talk to her? This is what happened. They get into a thing. It goes South. Bren figures out that it's not true love, that the Persian wants her for your nightclub. And then he threatens her. He sends this Vorstenbach guy on the job. You don't see it, you don't use your head. You think what you feel is true. Take it outside. You need to grow up. Hey, Mr. B. - Anybody else get arrested? - Not that I know of. Listen, Ange, you know the napkin you drew for Vorstenbach? Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I didn't know what he wanted it for. No, I know that. It's just, why wasn't it finished? Well, I got interrupted. - Interrupted? By who? - By Jared. He came in to ask me out. Jared saw Vorstenbach and the napkin? Right. You see Max? Table 11. As soon as the crew gets here, we'll do a sound check. - Great. - What time you want us to go on? - Midnight. - You got it, give or take. So, the cops think I committed the murder. The cops are the least of your worries. Pay. Right. Tell the Gravedigger unless he's willing to kill me, It's over. One more thing. Anything happens to my wife, it's you I'm coming after. - Oh, me? I'm just the messenger. - Right. You know, I don't know how you got Jared to believe that crap, but my gut is telling me you're nobody's messenger. It's only money. I hate when people say that. So, did the police try to convince you I was having an affair with Arastoo? That's what they do, you know. Drive wedges. But it wouldn't be irrational to think I was having an affair with him. - He's very handsome. - I'd feel it if the energy was bad between the two of us. I'd know. Same way that you would know that I couldn't murder someone. I believe you would murder someone for me. And I believe you'd lie about it, so I wouldn't have to carry the burden. Hey, Nikki, Vince. What's up? Excellent update on the lid, Mick. Hello, hello, hello. Check, check, check, check. Listen, go bigger, go louder, or just go home. How did you convince them to leave Cruefest and appear here tonight? Benefit for the kids. We're doing a benefit for sick kids? Poor Cam and Jared. If this murder is any indication, I don't know how any homicide is ever solved. Everyone lies, everyone... has a secret agenda. I'm glad we're nightclub owners and not crime-solvers. I know who did it. So do I. Awesome, it's the Crue. I've been bounced by a rock band. When did you realize it wasn't me? You would kill for me, I know that, but whoever did this, knocked him out, then went and got my coat before executing him. You would never do that. Jared is different. He killed a man to save my wife. What are we going to do? Do? Thank him and shut up. Bren, this is murder. It's more like a rescue. - Everything is just so clear to you. - It is, this time. I don't think I can live with this. Boss. I'm not going to prison. GPS puts you in this building at the time of the murder. I told you: no cell phone, no GPS. You should have listened to me. Lose the weapon, Detective. Jared, just take out your gun. That's exactly what I'm gonna do. You ready? I'm a quick bastard. By the barrel, very slowly. That's not how it's gonna go. We know how this is gonna go. It's okay. It's all okay. Thank you. You helped us. Now please, let us help you. Please welcome Motley Crue! Put the handcuffs on, Jared. You love someone, you open yourself up to suffering.</i> That's the sad truth. Maybe they'll break your heart. Maybe you'll break their heart and never be able</i> to look at yourself in the same way. Those are the risks. Locking up, boss. Thanks, Wendell. You know... You're right, you know. - We should sell out. - You're not afraid of this Gravedigger? I told him if he doesn't leave us alone, I'd kill him, and he believed me. You mean, you told Max to tell him. Caroline says if they can't trace the gun to Jared, they can't find my coat, he's going to walk. We can't sell the club. Your brother might need a job. Plus, I have another confession. What? You see two people and you think they belong together, - but nothing happens. - Well, you know that glass of wine that we share every night? - I have to stop that. - Oh, come on. Just because you have one glass of wine every night with your husband, doesn't mean you're an alcoholic. That's not why. You are pregnant? A little baby boy? Or girl. The thought of losing so much control</i> over personal happiness is unbearable.</i> That's the burden. Like wings. They have weight. We feel that weight on our backs, but they are a burden that lifts us. Burdens...</i> that allow us to fly. It was such a weird dream. You're awake. So real. Your operation was a success, but you reacted poorly to the anesthesia. You've been in a coma for four days. It took you so long to wake up. It felt so real. It wasn't real.