exerted by the weapon can be assessed. Obtaining the cross section will compromise the original bone. My technique preserves bone surface morphology through the use of polyvinyl replication. A transparent positive is made by covering the impression with an aqueous solution of synthetic polymer. Hey, Bones, come on. Got a body. One lit up like a roman candle. Hey, Zack, how's it going? So far they don't like me. Shocker. Come on, let's go. What? I'm in the middle of something. Well, you know, real life murder and mutilation vs academic clap trap -- no contest. Sorry. No offense. This committee can carry on without you, Dr Brennan. Zack, just answer the questions. - Yeah. Next question? How do you expect anyone to take you seriously as a working forensic anthropologist when you look the way you do? What? Male, middle-aged. What was it with Zack back there? Defending his dissertation, last step before he gets his doctorate. I think these are what's left of his intestines. Is he gonna make it? No, he's very dead. I mean, Zack. Uh, fifty-fifty. He's a stoolie. - What, Zack? Our victim. He's a rat. Snitch. What makes you say that? He's got his guts spilled. You know, "spill your guts"? Very literal. Yeah, hang up there like a scarecrow on a rooftop of the hotel that used to house the witnesses. It's a warning. There's something jammed down his trachea. I rectified their erroneous assumptions concerning polyvinyl replication. You corrected them? Only when they were wrong. Are the remains ready for X-ray? Yes. Maybe we'll get lucky and ID the poor bastard that way. Oh, we just got lucky. "My name is Garrett Delaney". There's something metallic here. This is gonna turn out to be some freaky weird ritualistic thing, isn't it? Oh man, I hope so. Christopher Columbus. Where is Dr Brennan? Her brother came for a visit. Dad called you? Are you sure it was him? He said, "you and your sister are in danger", and he hung up. I spend half my time with a sniper-trained FBI agent. I feel safe. Tempe, I know someone is watching me. What's your evidence? I can feel it on the back of my neck. You spend some time in jail, you develop a sixth sense. Maybe you should stay with me for a few days. Tempe, I have work, I have Amy and the girls, I... What about your sixth sense? Hey. - What? You can't not believe in something one second and then use it against me in the next. It's a long drive. You could start fresh tomorrow. And I've got cold beer in the fridge. Don't drink the Moroccan beer, it tastes of earwax. How are you doing, Russ? OK, Booth. You? Good? - Yeah. - Good. I still make him nervous, don't I? Come on, let's go. - Wha-- Why do I always feel like you're abducting me? It turns out our corpse is a former FBI agent, Garrett Delaney, who left the FBI about 10 years ago. He's now head of security of some big K Street lobbyist. So why did he end up a human torch? That's what we're here to find out. His place is much better than yours. Ten times better. I told you, he left public service. He makes more money than I. So that's all your dad said, huh? That you're in danger. Yes. And Russ's sixth sense agrees. What are you doing? I've been practicing some of the black op stuff you told me. All right, I'll show you. Every FBI agent in the country is looking for my father. Maybe he's trying to scare us off. Six months without a break in the case, he ain't gonna be nervous now. My dad's a crook. I mean, just because he says Russ is in danger doesn't mean it's the truth. I'll show you that stuff, OK? I've gotten it right this time. Russ! These are all pictures of Russ! Me at work. Me and Amy. This is the day before yesterday. Dad was right. Somebody's watching me. This is worse than watching. - What do you mean? This is hunting. - Hunting? As in, kill. You see these right here? These are ranges. He's picking a spot from which to shoot you. So what do I do now? The hunter's dead. The hunt is over, right? Anyone else know you're here? Only Amy. - Great. Call Amy and tell her, if anyone calls looking for you, she doesn't know where you're at. You should stay with me and find out why Delaney intended to kill you. How are you gonna do that? By figuring out who killed him. This is the paper that was pulled from Delaney's throat. It was dated, signed and initialled at the bottom of both sides of the page. February 1978. Looks like a cop's notebook. That makes sense, except... "I will not put an innocent man in prison just because he is a political threat. "Marvin Beckett hasn't broken any law." Whoa, whoa. Marvin Beckett? Back in the 60s, Marvin Beckett was a civil rights activist. He made his bones protesting African-American overrepresentation in the Viet Nam war. In '78, he was sent to prison for life. Why? He killed an FBI agent named Gus Harper. Wait, Augustus Harper? - Yeah. You know the case? "August Harp", look. Augustus Harper. Oh, wow. This means Delaney's murder had something to do with Marvin Beckett going to prison. When you're good, you're very very good. 1970s, Ohio, there was a task force made up of FBI, state police and local cops. Goes bad. Starts taking the cut from the same bankrobbers they're supposed to be catching. Then, they conspired a plan to stack stolen money on Marvin Beckett. Then this young agent, right, Harper? He decides he can't live with that and starts to blow the whistle. I can read. The same guy who is gonna blow the whistle on them for framing Marvin Beckett then gets murdered by Marvin Beckett? Come on. Talk about killing two birds at one stone. Who else knows about this? Us and you. That's it. Let's keep it that way. I have seen this movie. I get killed on the way home. Then don't go home. Are you serious? 30 years ago, I was married to Gus Harper for exactly 8 months. I'm not sure I can help you. What about the contents of the note? What do you people want? The truth. The last time the FBI came to talk with me, they told me to keep my mouth shut. "Or you won't get your husband's death benefits." Your husband was a good man. And he tried to do the right thing, and he ended up dead. I can't let that stand. The FBI murdered Gus. Then they had a state funeral for him, complete with the grieving widow as a centerpiece. Is this your husband's handwriting? Yes. He was compiling evidence. And there is more? There's a diary, a dozen audiotapes, field notes... Where did Gus keep it? Safety deposit box. Can you tell us where that safety deposit box was? Ohio First Savings & Loan in Dayton. Excuse me. My parents robbed that exact bank just days after Gus Harper was killed. They were looking for that evidence. That has to be why Delaney was stalking Russ. Go home. I have a few more questions for Barbara Harper, OK? Go home and be with your brother, all right? OK. You think it's Delaney? Definitely. I hope to keep working here when I received my doctorate. We'd all like that. What did she mean when she was saying, "How do you expect anyone to take you seriously"? It's a comment on -- your deportment. Dr Brennan doesn't care about deportment. True, but if you work here, you won't be Brennan's grad student anymore. You'll be a full-blown forensic anthropologist. Cam will be your boss. In your opinion, does deportment matter to Cam? Let's just say that Cam's not just the kind of woman you catch with crusties in the corner of her eye. Hebe's six, and Em is eight. Tempe! I'm sorry. Preoccupied. Tempe, if I play my cards right, these little girls are gonna be your nieces in the next couple of months. The least you can do is memorize their names. They're cute. Hebe has lung trouble. They're trying to figure it out. Do you have a deal with an HMO? If it's money, Russ, I can help. No, forget it. If I'm gonna become these little girls' Daddy, I'm gonna man up for the job. That's not rational. I'm a good mechanic. I'll take care of my own. Gus Harper's service history. Graduated top out of his class in Quantico. He was assigned the Joint State-Federal Bank Robbery Task Force. The victim. Back when he was Special Agent Delaney superivising Gus Harper. The guy that was hunting me? That's right. Here's a list of the bank robberies with the FBI codenames. Dad's codename was Columbus. Yeah. Lewis, Clark, Magellan, Cook, Columbus. All named after explorers. That's Mom and Dad. Everyone of these people are deceased. Except for Dad. Delaney was killed to send a message to the FBI. This Columbus coin was found in the victim's mouth. Columbus shot a man in the head, hung him from a pole, gutted him and set him on fire. And Columbus... is our father. Dad had it under control. For 15 years, everything was fine until... Until what? Dad left you a message, he said "Stop looking", you didn't. So this is my fault? "Consequences aren't the same as fault." My parole officer is very philosophical. Well, all we have is a voice tape of Dad saying "Back off" and a little silver dolphin I found at Mom's grave. That's as far as the investigation has gone. According to Booth. What? Booth and I are partners. Tempe, he's FBI, you aren't. You're the daughter of a career criminal and the sister of a loser on parole. What? I wouldn't let anyone else call you a loser, Russ. What makes you think you're allowed? I love you too. What you're asking is the kind of thing that destroys careers. From the time I was a little girl I dreamt of putting bad men in jail. Put that back. Which is why I became an Assistant US Attorney. OK, look, you don't have to help me. Of course I have to help you. Marvin Beckett is still a hero to a lot of African Americans. Some of us never believed he killed this FBI boy. Now you buy me breakfast, tell me you found a way to clear his name, release him out of wrongful incarceration after 30 years -- I cannot walk away! Don't you already know? Maybe you should have some more coffee. Of course I want more coffee! We have to come up with our plan of attack. OK, I was thinking Judge Moran... You should exhume Gus Harper. See if your genius scientist partner can ascertain whether he died in the manner the FBI said he died 30 years ago. Moran ***** No, we want Kemper. "Hang him right" Kemper? Hey, I'm ruining my career, I'm doing it my way, understand? Now. Take a donut home. I'm offering. Thanks. This was lodged in Garrett Delaney's sinous cavity. .22 caliber. These dimples... indicate that the bullet ricocheted around inside the cranium. Are you worried about your doctorate? No, Dr Greyson touched me with an open hand on the shoulder. You mean inappropriately? No. I read a book on body language. Apparently in our culture, when an older male lays an open hand on a younger male, he conveys approval. But if he bumps the younger male with a closed fist, he conveys doubt. Dr Greyson went like this. Not like this. Like this. Not like this. Dr Greyson is elderly and arthritic. Perhaps he simply needed help getting to his feet, like this. Dr Brennan? Visitors in your office. Tempe, this is a friend of Dad's. Father Coulter. It's Toby Coulter. Train trussel guy. Oh, yeah. I remember that story when Dad and his friend accidentally blew up a train trussel. Come on, how do you accidentally blow up a train trussel? Well, we were hired by a farmer to dynamite the ice off a stock pond. And we would get this competition going: who's gonna slide the dynamite farther across the ice before it blows? You know, it's a federal offense to blow up a train trussel, Father. Even if it is "accidental". Father Toby Coulter, meet my partner Seeley Booth. Careful, he's FBI. Ooh. Well, I'm innocent. It was Max's toss that brought the trussel down. Max Keenan's best friend grows up to be a priest. I'm sure you people have that fact on file somewhere. Tempe, Father Coulter has a message from Dad. It's a private message. Come into my office. She's just gonna tell Agent Booth anyway. You might as well let him listen. "Back off." That's the message. He said you'd understand? Where'd you see him? In confession. We're not Catholic. The sanctity of the confession was extended to all. Did he ever call you on your cellphone, Father? Two days ago. Can I see your phone? You want to trace the call? Yeah. So, Max Keenan, did he come to you for absolution? I'm sure you know the requirements for confession. Contrition and intent not to repeat the sin. And Max doesn't have either. And as a priest, I failed him. I never was able to get him to walk the straight and narrow. Is there anything else you can tell us? Well, he was angry, felt his hand had been forced. Where can we reach you, Father? Father Coulter is staying at St Augustine's Seminary for the next few days before heading back to Ohio. Father. Your father loves you. Is that part of Dad's message? That's a personal observation. Delaney's murder, the threats on Russ's life, this is all happening now because of the little metal dolphin we found in your mother's grave. FBI field unit in Denver traced it to a local artist in Mead, Colorado. Who identified Dad as the buyer. But Delaney left the FBI 15 years ago. Then somebody told him about your dad. And didn't tell you? They're part of the conspiracy. You must be annoyed. Yeah, you know what? I am. I don't like finding out there's a dirty FBI agent in this building. Here's what I think happened: Delaney goes to your father. He asks him to hand over the evidence. If he doesn't do it, he kills you or Russ. Dad calls Russ to warn him... and then kills Delaney. Guts him, burns him, leaves a calling card. "Don't mess with Max Keenan's kids." Am I supposed to like that? Uh, Bones, I'd take a stand-up crook over a crooked cop any day of the week. Booth, I got us to meet with the judge. Let's go. And you better get back to your lab, in case we're successful. You'll have to find it's best to do what she says. OK. You want to exhume the young FBI agent that Marvin Beckett murdered? - That's correct, Your Honor. That is a big noisy mess in the making. The FBI has credible evidence that the homicide case against Marvin Beckett was manufactured. Assistant US Attorney Dan Burridge arguing against this writ, Judge Kemper. On behalf of...? - The FBI. I thought <i>you</i> were FBI. - I am, Your Honor. I told you: a big noisy mess. All right, let's hear your argument, Mr Burridge. This is a precipitated exhumation in a highly inflammatory case. The evidence to which Ms Julian alludes has not been authenticated. - It's been authenticated by the Jeffersonian Institution. - The FBI would like to do their own in-house analysis before proceeding. - Of course they would. They're the ones who did the framing 30 years ago. - I take exception of that. Why? You weren't even born 30 years ago. - Judge! Not like me and Judge Kemper who got to see first hand what Marvin Beckett was really like. Ms Julian, did you bring this to me because I knew Marvin Beckett personally? Did you? I wasn't aware of that, Your Honor. Were you aware of that, Agent Booth? We'd like to do this slowly and carefully, Judge, that's all. And we want to exhume Gus Harper so we can make sure he was murdered in exactly the way that damn FBI said he was murdered... Your Honor. As mandated by the writ of exhumation by Judge Theodore Kemper of the DC Federal Judicial District, I, Dr Camille Saroyan will be performing an autopsy of Special Agent Augustus Donald Harper under the auspices of the Jeffersonian Institution. Date of death: June 25th, 1978. Date of interment: July 2nd, 1978. Date of exhumation: That would be today. Also present at the post-exhumation autopsy is Dr Temperance Brennan. The original autopsy in 1978 found that Agent Harper was killed when he was shot three times at close range by a .38 Colt Detective Special revolver. Two shots to the chest, one piercing the heart, the other the left lung. The third, a shot to the frontal bone... What? That bullet hole in the head, that's from a .38. Just like the coroner said. I can already tell these two holes were from something a whole lot bigger than a snub-nosed revolver. Something more like a rifle that a sniper would use. Zack, you better get a full set of X-rays before Dr Saroyan reopens. We're gonna conduct this one like the whole world is watching. Russ. OK, I'm here. What's up? You know, you're an idiot, Russ. I like you, but you're a real idiot. What did I do? - I had a call from your parole officer today. Why? Why, because you crossed state lines without informing him. I just told him you were aiding in an FBI investigation. Thanks. You're slipping, aren't you? Look, I wanna marry Amy and raise her kids. One of them is sick. That costs money. I'm a felon on parole. I work part time as a mechanic. You tell me, what job am I gonna get that lets me be the man I need to be to raise a family? You got this sick little girl depending on you. I get that. But if you go back inside and you cross that line, you're not helping anybody. Everybody down! Civil rights activist and convicted murderer Marvin Beckett was released today when a second autopsy on his alleged victim, FBI Agent Gus Harper, revealed inconsistencies with details of Mr Beckett's trial back in 1979. What kind of inconsistencies? All right. You have your confidencies to keep, Father -- I have mine. - Well, it's over, right? I mean, now that it's out, there's no reason to kill Russ. The men behind this don't care about Marvin Beckett. They care about being exposed. Lucky you were together. Why were you together? You know, man's gotta eat. To think that some people still refuse to believe in guardian angels. Booth! Who's that? - Deputy Director Kirby. My boss's boss's boss. You're what's known as a real pain in the ass, Agent Booth. Yes, Sir. I've just had my testicles handed to me by the Attorney General of the USA. He wanted to know why this Marvin Beckett issue wasn't done slowly and carefully, with greater forethought and tact. You know what I told him? - No, Sir. I told him I did not know. Sir, I had to do it the way I did it 'cause the FBI is... Not your decision, Booth. You're suspended without pay. Gun, ID, security card, please. Sir, I'm entitled to the reading of the charges against me. The charges against you are that I was pissed upon from a very great height! You're outta here in 10 minutes. Can they do that? Just kick you out without any warning? Two guys standing behind me with guns seemed to think so. - As you can see, Harper's ribs and sternum were practically obliterated by the two shots to his torso. Zack, Booth got fired. - Suspended, not fired. "Suspended"'s FBI speak for fired. And you know what hurts the most? They took the car. I got no wheels! The bullets themselves were removed from the body, of course. But Hodgins found some very small fragments. Copper, lead, polymer. This is a conspiracy, baby. Guys, what we're dealing with here is that Booth won't be working with us anymore. Well, I got my own gun, it's just... God, why did they have to take the company car? I estimate, the only way for Booth to get his car back would be to solve the case on his own, and that we'd help. Oh no. No, I can let you guys do that. Anyone who wants to help Booth, raise their hands. I reverse-engineered to find the most likely design of the bullets. After the bullet's spread, lead pellets were released, like buckshot. Wait a second. That's a homemade round invented back in the 70s. We're talking a military-issue M40A1 sniper rifle. Nice. Dude, what you call being a conspiracy theorist, I call being well informed. Gus Harper was murdered by a military sniper? Who makes his own rounds. Maybe we could compare it to the bullet that grazed Russ. I'm a civilian. We don't have access to that round. Maybe Caroline can help us. You still have the job? - Not for long. I'm on Performance Review. Look, none of the FBI members of the Bankrobbery Task Force had sniper training in the 70s. I need to know who else was on that task force, local, state cops, ... - Booth! I got it figured out! ... ATF, and if anyone of them had sniper training. Once you found out, you keep your head down. Task force, sniper training, 70s, duck. Got it. I figured out a way to solve the case and get your job back. Wow! That would be great. We need my father to give us the rest of the evidence he saved from the safety deposit box. Great. - I'll drive. Dr Saroyan, when I get my doctorate, I'd like to work here. Zack, you're an excellent scientist, but an important part of the job is appearing as an expert witness in court. Ooh. - Ooh what? Jurors have to take you seriously, and frankly, you look like a weekend fill-in at a college radio station. Truth hurts, dude. Learn from it and grow. But you weren't able to find Max by tracing him from the cellphone call he made to me? The call came over the Internet, it was untraceable. Max always did things his way. Guess you being a priest didn't have much effect on him. Son, I spent my whole life trying to turn Max's life to Jesus. He knows exactly one Bible verse: Numbers 35:19. "The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer: when he meeteth him, he shall slay him." What does that mean? - That's the law of the jungle. Father Coulter, if my father makes contact with you again, please tell him he needs to trust me. He's the one who got my mother murdered and almost got Russ killed. It's time I tried it my way. He won't contact me again. - How do you know? Ask him. He put me under surveillance. If a parish priest can figure out the FBI is watching him, then so can an experienced fugitive like your father. I need a makeover. Zack, I am a big believer in people being themselves. You're actually kinda cute. Yes, I've been told that many times. Usually followed by the word <i>but</i>. In this case, "<i>but</i> no one takes you seriously". I need help, Angela. So what do I do first? Lose the floppy hair. Why are you mad at me? - I need a gun. No, you don't. You got me. I'm your gun. You want equipment? Here. Have these, all right? New division of labor: I shoot 'em, you cuff 'em. Why didn't you tell me they had Father Coulter under surveillance? It is my job to find your dad and put him in prison. And you don't think I'll help? - He's your father! I really don't think I should have to ask you to help. He abandoned me, Booth. And that's the best thing you can say about him. Your father lives by a certain code. And part of that code is defending his family by whatever means necessary. You mean killing people and setting their corpses on fire? "Any means necessary" sort of covers that. You respect him? - I'm just saying, in his world he's a very honorable man. That's ridiculous. There's only one world. It's this one. Would that be the one world where you're mad at me for trying to catch your father, or the other world where you actually want him caught? - Neither. You have to pick one. Either. Both. - Dr Brennan. Agent Booth. I thought you'd like to meet the reason we're all losing our jobs and getting shot at. This is Mr Marvin Beckett. I wanted to thank you personally. You're welcome, Mr Beckett. 30 years ago, crooked agents put me in jail for something I did not do. I did not kill the young FBI agent. I did not steal the money. And I thank you for proving it to the world. That's why I'm here, to tell you to your face to assure you I did not do those things. You freed an innocent man. And in return, I must warn you: The people that did this to me aren't just a bunch of corrupt cops. They serve masters of much greater influence. You're looking to bring their world down around their ears. They will strike at you. Watch yourselves. Here's your list of snipers from the decade of disco. This time I'm advising you: Duck! Anyone you know? Yeah. The ATF on the task force was a Marine sniper, Robert Kirby. FBI Deputy Director Robert Kirby, that just suspended you? Call your brother Tom to get out of the house. Tell him to get out, now! - Why, what's going on? Seconds after Caroline got this list, Kirby knew about it. He's not answering. I don't understand, Booth. It's not us that Kirby is afraid of, it's your father. The only way to strike at him is to go through you or Russ. Kirby was the one that took a shot at Russ. No answer. Russ! - Hello? Stay back. Russ? - There's no sign of a break-in. I'll check the back. Russ! - Russ! Oh my god. Booth? - What? Russ. - Take it easy, all right? We don't know that for sure. - That's too much blood. Nobody could survive that much blood loss. Nobody. All right. OK. It's all right. - Oh my god. It's against the law, us not calling in a murder. It wasn't a murder, it was a blood stain. That much blood, it's... it's murder. If we call it in, the next thing is, we find ourselves under arrest. That had to be Russ's blood. - You got a sample, right? Check the DNA at the lab. Until then, you know who's the one who always says, "don't jump to conclusions". Yeah, you're right. Thanks. I wish I wouldn't keep letting you hug me when I get scared. Hey, I get scared and... I'll hug you. Call it even. Results? - Blood's not Russ's. Even you can't do a DNA test that fast. - Didn't have to. Both Brennan and her brother are O-type blood, as was their mother. The blood sample you brought me was AB. Therefore... - OK, let's go tell Bones. I just saw her. She's on her way to see the priest. Why? - He said he had something for her. No, she can't go places without me, now when it's open season on Brennans. Bones? Not even close, chéri. We need to talk. Well, first I want to tell you that your brother is... with his father. You mean... with god? No, his earthly father. Your father. Are you certain? - Saw it with my own eyes. Oh, thank god. Which I used only as a figure of speech. Well, it has to start somewhere. You know, you're very much like him. I'm nothing like my father. - Black and white, the two of you. You always saw the world in black and white. Your mother wasn't like that. Either is Russell. All right, go. I was cleaning up my desk when my phone rings, and it's this FBI agent named Carlsen. Yeah, it's our surveillance... - And he tells me, "You and Booth are wasting your time with this damn priest." I tell him, "You better mind your mushy mouth." Caroline, I gotta find Bones, keep her from getting killed. Father Coulter is 90 years old, confined to bed, with Alzheimer's in a convalescent home out there at the seminary, which does not much sound like the priest you told me about. Your father, he talked about when you were four and your brother was nine, and he hid behind his door, and he jumped out at you... You know what? Just give me the keys to your car. My car? - "Boo!", and how he was, "boo!" And you had this doll, had this string in the back for talking... Chatty Cathy. Wham! You took that doll, and you wound up and hit your brother so hard you knocked him flat as a dead pig. I said to your mother, "No one will ever jump out at that girl again." And your mother said, "Just like you, Max. She's just like you." Hair color, plastic surgery, colored contact lenses, chin and cheek implants... 15 years older... Still... You should have seen it. Come on, Bones, pick up. Pick up! This is Dr Temperance Brennan. Leave your message. - Damn it! Russ knew it was you all along? Yup. You talked to Russ, but not to me? You know, to tell you the truth: You do better without me, and Russ does worse. Take this. I'm not religious. No, we're gonna play this your way. Please. This is Gus Harper's journal. There's a key there. It's to a safety deposit box. In that safety deposit box is all the evidence. Why didn't you give it to them back in 1978? Because your mother took one look at it and said, "If you turn this over to them, they will kill us. "And our kids." They got Mom anyway. There's not a day that goes by that my heart is not broken. Dad! Come on! I gotta go. Wait. I can't let you go. I love you too. No, I mean, I can't let you go. I'm sorry. I must be getting old. I let you get the drop on me. I'm sorry. I just can't let you get away. I'm sorry. Listen to me. If you find somebody that you can trust, you hang on to them. Remember that. Dad, let's go! - I'm proud of you. I love you. Get in. You take care of her. FBI. Stop, or I'll shoot. Booth! Booth! Did you really have to hit the car? I wasn't gonna chase them. You OK? What's this? - Zack's doctorate. I'd like to recommend him for a job. I can't put him in front of a jury, I'm sorry. I'll put in a good word in Pure Research, that way he can come visit once in a while. - Visit? Dr Saroyan, Dr Brennan, Dr Hodgins, I'd like to present your colleague, Dr Zachary Uriah Addy. Look at you. All grown up. Wow. Very impressive. I can learn how to be effective in front of juries. Zack can learn anything. All right. He's hired. Who am I to break up this team? Lunch is on me, Dr Addy. Anywhere you wanna go. The diner. Anywhere, I said. I like the diner. Do me a favor, "Uriah". I need a little time to adjust to your fascist haircut. Let's go. Congratulations, Dr Addy. Thank you, Dr Brennan. What happened? The Attorney General took one look at the evidence your father provided, and you know, he reinstated me. I'm glad. Listen, we... found another burned body. Same place, same setup. Kirby? - I'm pretty sure. It was Kirby's blood in your apartment. Dad's still trying to warn people to leave me and Russ alone. Russ, he's safe with your father. They're warning people to stay away from you. You know what, I'm sorry that you had to go through it again. Watching your family drive off, they leaving you behind. I'm sorry. My father is... He's your dad. And he loves you. You know, I'm just... I'm just one of those people who doesn't get to be in a family, that's... Listen, Bones, hey. There's more than one type of family. Hell, Zack got the job, right? Come in and congratulate him. Nah, he's your squint. Not my squint. No, Booth, we are all of us your squints.