But I love that Katy Perry song so much. It speaks to me, you know? Totally. So... Okay, just kissing. No touching things or anything. No, just the stuff that's in the song. I hear something. It's your heart beating. No, really. There's something out there. I can't believe you grew up in this area. Yes, I'm an alumna of Burtonsville High. Did you ever bring a boy out here and...? And touch his genitalia? No. Okay, I was just thinking maybe just a little smooching. I used to come out here to find animals to dissect. - I didn't have a boyfriend. - Maybe because you were cutting up little woodland creatures, maybe? I'm Sheriff Rebecca Conway. You federal backup? FBI Special Agent Seely Booth. Nice wheels. Nice face... and bod. Very nice. - Thank you. - We know each other. Becky, right? I'm, I'm Temperance. Have I arrested you before? You were my lab partner in chemistry at Burtonsville High. Are you absolutely sure? - I have an excellent memory. - Positive. Though you are thinner now, which is better for your cardiovascular system. In high school, you were quite overweight, hence the derision from the other students. Yeah, I remember you now. The creepy girl. So you're in town for the reunion? Reunion... I need a date... if you're free. We're just here to inspect the remains. No surprise there. Two girls were out here rolling around. Two girls? Yeah, it's the 21st century, sweetheart. Get with the program. Anyway, that critter ran into them right there, with the skull on its head. It was probably eating the brains and eyes. - Often, scavengers... - Don't need the details, Morticia. I'm keeping this quiet until I know what we're dealing with. Female... age indeterminate. Judging by the lack of staining, the victim's head was severed postmortem. Not cut up... Well, I'm glad you kept this quiet, Becky. There are probably more remains in the area. We're gonna need to search the bushes for more people parts, Lou. - I don't want the remains compromised. - Don't compromise them. She was a careless lab partner. You gotta go to your reunion. We already flew out here. I'm not going. High school was not a happy time. For some reason, people didn't seem to like me. Which is exactly why you have to go now. Reunions are made for you to smear your success into people's faces. Your accomplishments are gonna kill them. I found something! Lou! Stay right here! Where are the ribs? According to the legend, they've been cooked and eaten. What legend? They say a spirit lives in these woods. He takes over over a person, makes them kill. In my senior year, a classmate was murdered and dismembered just like this. Ribs gone. They never found the killer. The Butcher of Burtonsville High. He's back. Bones - Season 5 Episode 17 "The Death of the Queen Bee" Synchro: ShalimarFox, JoJo13, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- The "Butcher of Burtonsville"? That's what we called him. Insect activity puts time of death at approximately ten days ago. You'd swab the dismemberment points. There could be evidence from a blade. You know, you get very bossy when you don't have flesh to play with. I <i>am</i> the boss. And he removes his victims' ribs because...? He eats them. Barbecue. - You don't actually believe that? - There's no evidence of cannibalism. It's merely an urban legend. But they never found out who killed the girl in your class? Sarah Tidwyler. Booth is getting the old case files to find links. The stumps on the victim's ribs show evidence of hemorrhagic staining. So two ribs <i>weren't</i> sawed off. Fractured and then snapped off, it appears. So, your high school is famous, sweetie. "The earliest recorded mention "of the Butcher of Burtonsville was in 1956. "Young people were warned "to avoid secluded locations at night "as there was a lunatic "who killed and dismembered his victims, and then barbecued and ate their ribs. " Yet, until Sarah's murder, it was just an urban legend; society's attempt to control behavior through a fear-based myth. This is <i>very</i> teenage slasher movie-ish. Whatever blade was used left very clean and precise cuts. It's always a tad creepy when you admire the killer's handiwork. Now, this first victim, Sarah Tidwyler, was a member of the class of '94. And the second victim was killed just before the reunion of the same class. It doesn't a coincidence. Cops here agreed to keep everything quiet</i> until we I.D. the victim and catalog the evidence.</i> And this, Ray Buxley was a prime suspect in '94? He was high school custodian, but they didn't have enough to hold him. Lives alone, low-status job, obsession with gruesome crime stories, surrounded by teenage girls. Very creepy. It's like Freddy-creepy. OK, I'm gonna go check him out. Since you're trying to keep the town from another wave of collective hysteria I wouldn't suggest announcing your FBI status. We go undercover! Exactly. Since Bones was already invited to the reunion, we get more information if she is seen as an alumni. - "Alumna. " Yes. - Yeah, great.</i> You know, correcting my Latin, not the best way to make friends. - Sorry. - Great. See you later Wait, Agent Booth. Yes, Dr. Sweets? You and Dr. Brennan are in the same motel? Yeah, but they're not adjoining rooms, okay, Sweets? Look, they do not join.</i> You can see... it's the bathroom...</i> - And I'm closer to the ice machine. - No, I'm just merely asking because of your feelings for her. I get it, all right. I respect that, but you know what? I've moved on. I already even have a date for next week. Really? Who might that be? Thanks. Take care. Who might that be, Booth? Who might that be...? There appear to be some metal flakes embedded in the margins of the bones. Come to the king. Man, social pressures, sports, sexual psychodramas; I'm surprised there aren't more murders in high school. Your high school sounds a lot more exciting than mine. It's a pretty tough place... a lot of violence, a lot of drugs, a lot of pregnancies. So you've been through the baby-daddy scare before? Before? Before what? I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I had no idea you hadn't told him. - Big mouth, and I am sorry. - Big mouth what? You were pregnant? I was just gonna leave, but you're kind of in my... You know, I'm gonna go around. No, I was not pregnant. But you thought you might be pregnant? Very briefly, Wendell. Why didn't you tell me? I'm pretty sure I'm the only possibility. Yes, yes, of course. Do you think that we could talk about this later and... - Maybe not here. - Of course. I'm sorry. I was just... We can absolutely discuss this later. How well do you know this, custodian? Very well. He used to find dead animals for me to dissect. We used to have long discussions about death. Mr. Buxley would say it was a "natural process. " You were Wednesday Adams. I don't know what you're talking about. Well, you had a creepy custodian as a, as a best friend. - Bet you had a pet rat, too. - No, I had a mouse and a snake and some spiders. And you weren't popular. That's amazing. I am so sorry. My nerves are totally fried. I haven't slept in days because of this damn reunion. Julie Coyle? - Yes. Do we know each other? - Temperance Brennan. You... liked dead things. I thought that was you. The years have been very kind to you, Temperance. Very. Not <i>that</i> very. She liked death things, Brad. Yes, but now I'm a wealthy author and a successful scientist. Did I do that right? I'm, her husband, Bobby Kent. Temperance's lesser half. Brad Benson, Julie Coyle. Youhave any kids? No, not yet, but we want a houseful, right? Yes, we have intercourse every chance we get. Yeah, all over the place. Well, we have a gym to decorate, so... Evelyn is gonna be so happy to see you, Temperance. - Bygones are bygones, she always says. - You married Evelyn Simms? We were all so jealous. Evelyn's off saving some unpronounceable country. Nicaragua. See? So prom king Brad here's been giving me a hand. Evie's gonna flying back for the reunion, we'll see you there. - Good to meet you, Bobby. - Yeah. Bygones will be bygones? What did Brad mean? What's going on between you? Something happen? It's not important. We were children. We should go see Mr. Buxley. I knew I wasn't pregnant, so I... I saw no reason to bring it up. What you're saying would make perfect sense to Dr. Brennan, but it feels wrong, you know? Maybe I should have told you. I don't know. I... I just thought it was gonna bring up a bunch of questions that we weren't ready for. I can answer those questions. What do you mean? If you got pregnant, it's your decision what to do. Yeah, I know it is. I get that, but if you decided to keep the baby, I would do the right thing. You would? I absolutely would. I'd bear my share of the consequences. I mean, more than my fair share. I'd marry you, if that's what you wanted. I would do the right thing. I'm sorry, Wendell. I should have told you. That's cute. Mr. Buxley? I have so many fond memories of this place. Gee, can't imagine why this guy was a suspect. Mr. Buxley? It's good to see you. And you. You grew up good. Thank you. - This is... - Her husband, My husband Bobby. Lucky man. You care for some ribs? Succulent. Juicy. I'm fine. And I'm full. I already ate. You have quite the collection of blades around here. A man never knows when he might need to cut. That's... quite a motto, right. I was just telling my husband about Sarah Tidwyler. - Do you remember her? - Yeah... folks here thought I killed her. Well, not me. No, not you. I could always count on you. Say, you know, I might have me a dead rabbit around here. Like to cut it open? - That is so sweet. - No, that's not sweet. Not now, probably because Mr. Buxley here has to get the campus ready for the big reunion. - I suppose. - Yeah, I'm sure you've been working long hours late into the night. Probably even weekends, right? Maybe even the weekend before last. Were you working then? Why'd you want to ask me about the particular weekend? You know what? Just tell him or he'll keep asking. He can't help it. He's a newspaperman. Well, that weekend I was away. I... went and bought this. First edition! My first novel. You named the killer after me. I'd have shed a tear if my, my duct worked proper. I thought you might be coming to the reunion. Maybe you could put your pen to it for me? Pretty please? With pleasure. Here, use my pen. Thanks, sweetie. To the real Ray Buxley, who taught me about... death. You said the skull's ready for me. What about casts of the blade injuries? - Still working on them. - Hey, sweetie. - That is a crappy motel room. - The bed has Magic Fingers. I'm gonna drive by that one. How's the reunion? I find I am with people who disliked me in high school. You're pressed for an I.D. I'll try to be quick with the facial reconstruction.</i> Turns out our victim has a remodeled mandibular fracture. - So that should narrow down the search. - <i> Let me look at that.</i> Can you put it under the medio-cam? Is there a problem? This fracture was made by a blunt object striking her face at an almost 90-degree angle. That's in my notes. And the remodeling gave us an approximate age... about 30. 33. She was 33. How you know that? Because I'm the one who broke her jaw...</i> with a tennis racket. This is one of my classmates... Evelyn Simms. So this is Evelyn Simms. Homecoming queen, cheerleading captain,</i> president of the Girl's Service Club. A girl like this, she wouldn't have given me the time of day. Which, of course, makes her that much hotter. I'm sure you really didn't want to say that, right? It slipped out. Everybody loved Evelyn. A lot of people hated her, too, for being popular. Youdecked her with a tennis racket. I never enjoyed playing doubles. Someone is always in your way. Although my classmates thought I hit her on purpose. Perhaps subconsciously you did. I mean, a girl like yourself with marginal social standing, takes out her hostility by striking the popular girl. It is quite common. That sounded clinical, but felt very insulting. What do you hope to find in 15-year-old memorabilia? Basic victimology. Now, we already know that there is a similarity in the method of killing. They were in the same class. Perhaps there's an interpersonal connection. Hold it right there! There you are. It's your high school picture.</i> - <i>Why aren't you smiling?</i> - <i>I wasn't amused by anything!</i> None of this is pertinent to the investigation.</i> Reunions can rekindle old old feelings of resentment. If a classmate's life hasn't worked out, they might see Evelyn's happiness as a personal threat. This is the girl that was murdered in 1994.</i> Yes, Sarah Tidwyler. Physically, she appears nothing like Evelyn. No apparent interests in common. Look at that. Look who has his arm <i>around her.</i> That's Evelyn's husband Brad. Yes, Brad was dating Sarah when she was murdered. And now he's married to the most recent victim. That's a pretty strong connection. This is a cross-section of the victim's distal femur. As you can see, the kerf wall is smooth, indicating whatever blade was used the size of its teeth was small. But it did have teeth. So we're looking for a saw of some type. Judging by the bone loss from the cuts, a saw blade about two-millimeters thick. I can't determine what type of blade yet. Let me know when you can. Hold on. Show-and-tell is not over yet. We have got two particulates transferred during dismemberment. It's a pretty messy process what with all that blood squirting - and muscles and sinews tearing... - We get it. - What'd you find? - After much effort and expertise, I found I found calcium sulfate and flecks of grade 3003- H14 aluminum. How are either of those in any way cooler than discovering the saw? I'll let Dr. Brennan know that we are looking for a saw which can cut through metal. And you don't have to fight, you both did well. I run a kindergarten. Wendell was so sweet, you know? He had the stiff upper lip, and he kept telling me that he'd do the right thing,</i> and his jaw was all tightened and manly. Wendell does seems to live by a very strong sense of morality and ethics. He's probably the best guy I've ever met. He's good-hearted and he's honest. You're saying good things, but your tone indicates you have doubts. 'Cause when Hodgins thought I was pregnant, he said, "I'm your guy. " Wendell talked about bearing the consequences and "doing the right thing. " anthropologically speaking, males "doing their duty" formed - <i>the bedrock of civilization.</i> - It's not very poetic. Because males tended to find</i> those duties onerous, they took every opportunity to avoid them, mostly through geographic exploration, meaningless conquests and war. Hodgins wanted to be with me and the baby. Which, I guess, means that he's less likely than Wendell to go off and start a war, right? Brad was always the golden boy, always got what he wanted. Rumor is his business isn't doing very good. Booth, you-you can't give this credence. It's gossip, which, by definition, is a form of entertainment, not information. And her grammar is appalling. It is a miracle that you have any life whatsoever. You cheated off my test in chemistry. I could supply you a fun while you're here, - 'cause you're probably dying with her. - We're talking about Brad Benson? Right. Brad has his own auto body shop, and rumor is, he's losing money big-time. Owning his own auto body shop, he would have access to a saw that cuts metal. I'll just get an agent, check out his financials. Anything else? I'm gonna go in the gym, and see if they need help setting up. But if you need anything, holler. If I had covered my paper, she would still be taking that class. Andy Pfleuger. He used to have a crush on me. You're right, Booth, it's nice to be back. I found stab marks on the posterior and right lateral side. Posterior iliac spine, L-1 and T-10 vertebrae, and here on the inferior angle of the scapula. Cause of death, Mr. Bray? All the stab wounds terminate in bone, so they wouldn't have been fatal, except for this one. The weapon could have passed through the eighth intercostal space, perforating the lung, causing her to bleed to death. The victim's husband had an auto body shop, right? Take a look at this. Looks like transfer from the murder weapon... thin flecks of iridescent metal. Could be the kind that they use to coat a paint job on a car. So the weapon is found in an auto body shop? I haven't ID'D the weapon yet, but check out the microtomography. The blade was double-edged with an identical taper on both sides. Somebody killed her with a sharp piece of pie. Angela has the photos Dr. Brennan uploaded of potential weapons from the reunion. Weapons. Yes, we didn't have those at my reunion. So this is the class of '94. My high school is looking good. I think Brennan was the normal one. You see anything that could match the marks? No, the cleaver has a totally different blade profile. Right. We're looking for a piece of pie, right? Look at her. Zoom in on those tools on the table. There. Can you give me the angle of that taper? 48 degrees. Compare that to the marks on the bones. It's pretty close. This ice carving tool could definitely be the murder weapon. Carrie is a sweetie pie. She made the cake for my birthday. Carrie isn't here. Where did she go? I don't know. You're the genius. Any bad blood between her and Evelyn? Evelyn is on the city council. She gave Carrie her cateng contract for city functions, school lunches. She took it away, too. They had a big blowout. Now Carrie's looking for work. What's going on? - Leaving me out of the gossip? - No. I love to gossip. Remember when you were locked out of the locker room in your underwear, and the boys took pictures and they put it all over school? I can't believe you'd bring that up. That's not gossip, honey. That's embarrassing. You're as clueless as ever. There's Carrie. I can't believe it'd be her. Her cakes are so light and fluffy. You're breaking up with me? Because I would've done the right thing by you? I'm not a duty, Wendell. You didn't do anything wrong. In fact, it's the opposite. You're the best. But you can't tell me that in the back of your heart, you aren't thinking that another upcoming duty might be to let me down as gently as you can. I really, really like you, Angela. I really like you, too. You're sexy and... smart and... good. You're, like, "saint" good. I'm a sexy saint. Do not knock that. It's a rare and hot combo. You have somebody out there who isn't a duty. So do you. I think we both know who. You have to question her, you know, as her old friend. She didn't like me then. No one did. And they still don't. I obviously had no social skills. They're not gonna suspect a thing, all right? - Because you're an alumni. - Alumna. - Why can't I hang out with Mr. Buxley? - I'm gonna be right here next to you. You just go up to her and you say, "Hi. "How are you?" And then you just, you know, spark up a conversation. Hi, Carrie, how have you been? Hello, Andy. Hello, Temperance. I'm the shop teacher now. In charge of the entire shop program. You look really good. Really. There two seconds, he trying to get into my pants. I'm her husband Bobby Kent. Is the marriage working out? Because, statistically... Are you serious? Go inflate a doll, Andy. Thanks for the rescue. So, you actually look normal now. Thank you. I heard Evelyn ruined your career. - But you're not, are you? - My wife just meant how difficult it must be with this economy and trying to find work. I know how terrible Temperance felt. - Isn't that right, sweetheart? - Sure. It is hard. I lost everything. Maybe it wasn't Evie's fault, but I had to go live with my parents in Florida till I find something else. Almost didn't make it back for the reunion. So you weren't here this past weekend? I was buying diapers for my dad. - Hodgins. - You might have to excuse us. - That cake looks great, by the way. - Your cake isn't bad either. Are you sure you and Morticia are working out? Slow down. What do you have? So the calcium sulfate... it was plain old chalk. And the particles in the stab marks were clear coat varnish. Chalk and varnish. Have you anything on the weapon or the saw? The negative hook angle and the striations on the bones indicate a band saw. - Band saw. - Bingo. - Bingo based on what? - Bingo bango. Where else are you going to find a band saw and chalk? Shop class. No offense, but, you know, I hate your school. Temperance should, too. They never treated her good enough here. Hello, Mr. Buxley. Careful in the dark, kids. The saw. Careful, Bones. Do you like it? You're one of my girls now, Temperance. Do you like it? Just a token of my affection. - It's for you Temperance. - Thank you Andy. No thank you, Andy. She's married. - Things happen. - We know. You asked Sarah to Prom didn't you? I think she would have went with me too, if she'd a lived. Then did you think that Evelyn would leave Brad for you? I've heard Brad has had business trouble. I mean, you know, she deserves somebody who can provide her stability. - I smell bleach, honey. - I know. I came in here week before last, and the place was really spic-and-span. You know, Ray doesn't usually do such a good job. Wasn't me. Do you always just appear? Bleach cleans blood. Maybe somebody cut theirselves. Bad. You are good, Mr. Buxley. You are very good. - I've missed you. - Did you want something, Mr. Buxley? Oh, right. Julie asked me to get y'all upstairs. Party's starting. - Coming. - We'll be right there. I want to show Bobby the picture of me in the science cabinet. That would be great. Where is that again? It's down the hall. Hurry up. Maybe Angela and Wendell can match the saw blade from photos. What if this whole place was bleached? There's going to be a lot of blood. If Evelyn was dismembered here, even if the room was cleaned, the killer may have left some evidence. I'll go look for a weapon. - Pie-shaped point. - Right... pie-shaped point. The saw would have created a lot of bone dust. Some of the dust could have traveled into this computer vent. I'm getting a text. Found some. This might be bone dust. Turns out Brad had a large life insurance policy on Evelyn. He definitely knows his way around shop tools. The evidence sure points to Brad. What do you got? Bone dust. It's none of my business if you broke up with Angela. It's your business because we're friends, and it's kind of a big deal for me. Right. I'm sorry. Of course. You know what? You need to... go out and get drunk, you know? Pick a fight, steal a car. Come on. I got your back. What I need is for you to know that I did my best concerning Angela. Yeah, I know that already. I haven't told you about it. You don't have to. I know you. Someday, maybe we can talk about what kind of woman Angela is. Someday. Yeah. I guess... somewhere, I always knew she was just on loan. She is awesome, isn't she? She's totally worth it, man. I mean... I know. I know you know. Let me talk to your supervisor's supervisor. Sheriff said that Brad is upset. You know, Evelyn should be here by now. You know, a lot of people thought I killed Sarah. I think that's why they're so cold to me. But I was fine, you know. I had science and history. And Mr. Buxley. I'll hold for the 50th time. "The Electric Slide" was my favorite dance. It is... You know, I never understood why my classmates didn't appreciate my dance moves more. Did we get any more information from the squints on the murder weapon? The ice carving tool was close, but not an exact match. - All right. Let's get some punch. - Can we dance, Booth? It's Seal. It's a slow song. I'm sorry, is that too difficult for you? I just don't want any misunderstandings here. That's all, Bones. I mean, you know... We opened up a door there that neither one of us wants to walk through. I know. I just was asking to dance. Because I remember the song. I'm sorry. No, you know what? It's just a dance. It's your reunion. Okay, let's do it. Let's dance. Come on. Why are you so far away? Just keeping room for the Holy Spirit. That's all. Why are you always so suspicious of Mr. Buxley? Because, he's psycho. He has access to the shop and he has a huge knife. That is so cool. Bones, you're tearing up. This is the prom I never got to go to. Could be the shop teacher, right? Evelyn turns him down, and he freaks out because he's running out of time to lose his virginity. You still haven't confirmed that Carrie was in Florida. Pie? Sure. That's great. I'd love pie. Can't believe Evelyn missed the reunion. If she never comes back, then you might get your catering contract back. - Could be the murder weapon. - The angle's wrong. Andy asked me to prom after Sarah was murdered. I should have said yes. This is fun. Except for the murder. - They're beautiful, aren't they? - Oh, it's great. The points are about 48 degrees. - Just like Angela's estimate. - What are you doing? Excuse me. What are you doing, Bones? Look at her. She is still weird. Hands off, Morticia! Just hold that. Just hold up the star and smile, sweetheart. They're a freaking love story, and I'm feeding cats. So, the star points have a 52-degree taper. An exact match for the injuries found on the bones. Yeah, and the edging shows that the stars were cut by the same saw that was used to dismember the body. But there are multiple wounds. And it's hard to believe that she was stabbed repeatedly with a star until she was killed. Can you show us the placement of all the bone injuries? Stab wounds are usually localized. Maybe there were multiple stars. There, look... the picture from shop class. This is the drying rack. This is where they placed the stars when the varnish was drying. So let's see if the points line up. The wounds are so deep. Falling on them wouldn't kill her. Unless somebody shoved her onto them. That explains the two ribs that were broken and not cut. They were fractured when the murderer threw Evelyn onto the stars. Digging the stars into her bones and puncturing the plural cavity, killing her. Somebody really hated her. Okay, thanks, Cam. The stars are the murder weapon. They were on the same band saw that dismembered Evelyn. Who made the stars? I'll ask. You're not here for the reunion, are you, Miss Temperance? No, Mr. Buxley. Couldn't imagine that. So, who's dead? Evelyn. These stars were made here in the shop. The stars killed her? Do you know who made them? Julie. She made all the decorations. She's a regular Martha Stewart. Julie? Don't surprise me, though. One look at her, you can tell, she's off. Them smiley ones... they always give me the willies. What was wrong? Brad just got off the phone. Evie never got to Nicaragua. Where could she be? She would have called, right? Oh, honey. It was her, Booth. It was Julie. Brad was mine. It was my turn to have him. I beg your pardon? Evelyn and I made a pact in high school. We got rid of Sarah so we could share Brad. We had a pact. Evelyn and you killed Sarah? She was sleeping with Brad. He was ours. Evie had him first, and now it was my turn to have him. She wouldn't give him up. Where is Brad, anyway? Someone should tell him that I'm here. He's going to be worried about me. Just get comfy. Watch the hair. Did Wendell tell you? Of course he did. You're friends. You okay? Yes, I am. As you know, I have some experience in this area. I'd like to know if Wendell's all right. He's doing much better than I did after we broke up. I don't want to be the kind of person who leaves this string of good-hearted guys behind her, you know? Ange, we broke up, you know? You did not dump me. And Wendell is fine. I got to tell you. I think you left him in better shape than you found him. I don't know about that. I mean, I'm pretty sure he was born that way. Still, he is better for having known you, Angela. - And how can you be sure? - Because I've been there. Even ten or 15 years later, you put the same people in the same environments, and the exact same interpersonal relationships will pick up where they left off. When the Wall fell, the majority of KGB agents kept their positions when the organization turned to other endeavors. Are you saying that high school is like the KGB? Clandestine meetings, secret pacts, murder. It sounds like her's. I tried to change their perception of me by telling them how successful I'd become, but they didn't like me. - Why would you tell them that? - She didn't do it right. - You told her to do that? - Look, it had to be subtle. I am so never going to my high school reunion ever. I think it'd be fun to see how everybody turned out. Heck, yeah. I'd like to see how Suzanne Dowell turned out. Oh, man. She used to wear these jeans. Must have been painted on. Stephanie Roberts and her little pink shirt. Dr. Sweets, are you still with us? Sorry. They didn't dislike you. They just didn't understand you. - big difference. - It didn't bother me. I found the reunion to be quite educational, and you were right. It was good to go back. It made me see how lucky I am... now. This is what friendship looks like, this table. I am very lucky. Cheers.