This is the only one found whole. He's in good shape. - 1500 years old, he shouldn't look this good. Which is why we're here. We'd be going to authenticate the finest set of human remains from the Iron Age ever found, or dash the hopes of a thousand scholars. Let me know what turns out. Dr Goodman, this is extremely prestigious! Aren't you going to be part of the team? No, I have an institution to run. Didn't you use to be an archaeologist? Yes, Mr Addy. Thanks for reminding me. X-rays, pictures. We're going to do this without touching the actual skeleton as much as possible. Kid gloves? - Latex should be all right. Zack -- were you being metaphoric? - I decided to give it a shot. Which is also metaphoric. I need a receptionist. Can't have just anybody waltzing in here. Take a look at this. Bunch of red circles? Each circle shows where a body part was found. Is this an airport? - Los Angeles International. Local pathologist says the remains are in pretty bad shape. So you punt it to the FBI. Airports, they fall under federal jurisdiction. Excellent use of the word "punt". I can't go to Los Angeles. I have an Iron Age warrior to authenticate. Iron Age warrior? When was the Iron Age? - 1500 years ago. Fresh body bits is a little bit more urgent. You do realize there are a lot more fresh bodies than there are perfect specimens from the Iron Age? When you say things like that, it's just to bug me, right? Do we have to go through this every time? Exactly. Booth can't just walk in and say, "Pack your bags, we're going to L.A.". Oh yeah, the whole Ice Age warrior thing. Iron Age. - Iron Age. And that's not the only thing. Homeland Security asked Dr Brennan to identify three bodies found in... I'm not allowed to say. The point is, Agent Booth, Dr Brennan is on great demand on several very pressing cases, and she's needed here at the museum. Why should I send her to California? Sexy case in Hollywood. How much more good press could the Jeffersonian get? But Dr Goodman! You said the Iron Age warrior was of the highest priority! I can super on that case. You pack your bags. This car doesn't feel very FBI. Bones, this is a 1966 Mustang. It's a classic. What goes better than that with the FBI? How come on the rental agreement under "Model" did the guy write "sedan"? Bah, we're in California! Look, palm trees! You know, I'd like to drive sometime. Look, our contact out here is Special Agent Trisha Finn. I'm an excellent driver. OK, Rain Man. - Don't know what that means. I'm always going to drive. You know that, right? Me behind the wheel, you over there, on the grand Mustang. I'm not above telling Deputy Director Colin what kind of car you rented. JEFFERSONIAN INSTITUTE MEDICO-LEGAL LAB You want us to do something or just stay in here and watch? I'm getting a feel for the fellow. - A feel? There's no bugs on him. Haven't been for over 1000 years. But maybe spores and pollens, correct? - Probably not. Dozens of species of pollens have been discovered from the Cretaceous era. How long ago is that? - 65 million years. That was a pretty good comeback. When authenticating a find like this, we have to be at the top of our game. We all know that you're going to say, "I'm unable to authenticate with confidence." Why would he do that? When you declare something authentic, you're under risk of being proven wrong. That doesn't happen if you equivocate. As head of the Jeffersonian, Dr Goodman will place the reputation of the Institute above anything else. I'm an archaeologist. My findings will be congruent with the facts. With all due respect, you used to be an archaeologist. I have no idea what's going on between you two right now. Agent Finn, why was the body removed from the crime scene? Call me Trisha, Dr Brennan. The body was removed because parts were visible to arriving flights. Here's a map of the crime scene with a legend. Now, there's a marked cone at the location of each body part, and each photograph corresponds to a cone. It's how they do it in your book. - She got that from me. This is not a dismemberment. You sure, Bones? I mean, this is LA. They're showy. Is it possible that the body parts were ground up in the landing gear and then dumped when the airplane landed? - The dispersal rate is wrong. It looks to me like the body was pulled apart by a pack of dogs. More likely coyotes. - Coyotes at the airport? We got coyotes everywhere. - Did you know that? No, I thought coyotes were a cowboy thing. I'd like to see the remains now. COLD EXAMINATION ROOM, L.A. COUNTY MORGUE - I need all the dirt, silt, bits and pieces collected with the body parts sent back to the Jeffersonian immediately. You know what I like? When there's no flesh on the bones. Just a personal preference. There's not much left anyway. - You, Dr Brennan! As a screenplay writer,... I'd be happy to help you in any way I can with regard to your movie. Excuse me? Someone told me they're thinking of making your book into a movie. Say something, Bones. All I know is, I'm supposed to meet some big movie producer while I'm here -- if I have time, which I probably won't. Does the pathologist need any further access to the remaining soft tissue? No. He got everything out of it he could. So, my own screenplay is about this FBI agent who finds herself on the trail of her former boyfriend, and... oh... um, God... OK if you have to leave. This is not good. - Yeah, thanks for that insight. No. I mean, the architecture of the skull has been radically altered. You mean, by rotting and being eaten by coyotes and having the face ripped off by you? No, by surgery. Lots of surgery. Not sure I'll be able to tell who this was. --- --- BONES 1x10 "The Woman at the Airport"</i> Are you getting the feed, Zack? Yes, Dr Brennan. I'm looking at the X-rays you beamed to me. I'm going to have the bones cleaned, but there's still vestiges of flesh. Hodgins got the clothing remnants and silt this morning. Are you there, Ange? Hi! Is it sunny, sweetie? Tell me it's sunny. It's sunny. I sent you the entire skull. You want a reconstruction? - If you can. If I can? Have I ever failed you? This one's different. You'll see what I mean when you get it. Zack? - Here, Dr Brennan. I make this a young woman. - Early 20s, from the look of the X-rays. Cause of death? - I see evidence of stabbing. One hit to the sternum, two hits to the costal cartilages. Estimated time of death? Degradation of remains suggests the body was left out in the open between a week and 10 days. And the marks on the bones suggest carnivorous feeding beyond insects, birds and rodents. Coyotes. They have coyotes? - Yes. That would explain the dispersal of remains. A pack of coyotes finds the body, pulls it apart, and spreads out to eat it in solitude. The teeth are veneered? The jaw has been broken and re-set, same with the right leg. Have you seen any movie stars yet? - No, why? Apparently there's a contest when you go to L.A., in which the winner is the person who sees the most celebrities. You have a whole skull, right? - Yes. So why is this going to be so difficult? You'll see. Ange, on the Iron Age project, Goodman does this thing. Hodgins isn't going to like it. What thing? - He theorizes in an way. It seems like he's making things up. It's hard to explain, but it's going to irritate Hodgins. Honey, you're in California. Forget the Iron Age. Say these words: "Sky bar". Go there tonight. Tell me everything. Dr Brennan, one of these X-rays shows two dark clumps near the pelvis. Behind what's left to the spleen? I got a list of missing persons, women in their early 20s. Oh... Do I really have to be here for this part? You think she swallowed that? - Could be because she was a drug mule. It's an implant. Breast implant. Those come with serial numbers. We should be able to identify the victim in a couple of hours. Unlike other burials of the time, in which the remains were found in semi-fetal position, this fellow was found on his back, arms at his sides, with a piece of decorated antler on his chest. Do you actually need me here? The antler honors him as a hunter, although his weapons tell us he was a warrior. He was in his mid 30s when he died. He was 1.88 m tall. You know, there's all the detritus from Brendan's Hollywood crime to sift through. 6 ft 1? A big man for his time! Feared by his foes, respected by his neighbors. You encourage that much conjecture in archaeology, huh? His bones bear the marks of battle. His weapons are of good quality, well used. He was old for a warrior, yet... How did he die, Mr. Addy? Looks like tuberculosis. A proud man. It was not the ending he would have wanted. And he was surrounded by family and friends. A good death. Oh, please. Now you're describing a scene from Lord Of The Rings. I like that movie. - He was buried with respect. Weapons, jewelry, his family did not stint or pilfer. Have you found any spore or fungi, Dr. Hodgins? Yes. They correspond both with the time he lived and the geography in which he was found. What? - I'd like details. You mean, like a written report? - Yes! Our findings will have to bear scholarly scrutiny from our peers. What's his problem? Our hotel doesn't even have a pool! You're welcome to use mine. Well, the breast implant lead went nowhere. What about the serial number? The implants were reported stolen 6 months ago. Our victim must have got them off the black market. There's a black market in breast implants? Yeah, and we have the name of the doctor from whom the implants were stolen. What use is a black market breast implant? Like L.A. plastic surgeons use them. They're not even real doctors. Are you gonna write the screenplay? - What screenplay? The one based on your book. Well, I guess maybe the producer I'm meeting will tell me. OK guys, let's turn our attention back to the murder victim. I'd like to go visit Dr. Boobs. Why? If the implants were stolen from him, he wouldn't know anything. Because it's the only lead that we've got, Finn. And leads are great for screenplays, or even if you're actually working a real case. I have something for you. Is it chocolate? No. Then I find my interest has flagged. Nice. Who is it? It's the Hollywood murder victim. Oh my god. I see what Brennan means. This woman has had a lot of surgery. What's with Goodman and Hodgins? They're guys. They should just lay them out on the table and measure. Lay what out on the table and measure? OK... Awkward moment. Let's just say, they have different approaches. And they're guys. OK? - I'm a guy. You are more highly evolved. This girl didn't just change her face, she changed her skull. This is going to make Brennan nuts. You know one thing? - What's that? She's going to be beautiful. Why would anyone go through all this pain and not end up beautiful? Do the names Michael Jackson or Joan Rivers mean anything to you? One of them. The other I'll look up. Every culture nurtures ideas of beauty towards which people strive. Fine, but in the future, people'll look back upon the surgical alterations of the nose or breasts or buttocks with the same horror that we regard the binding of feet or the use of bronze coils to extend the neck! You want to speak up? 'Cause it's hard to hear every word in this very quiet waiting room. It's barbaric! It's painful! It's wrong! This murder victim may never be identified because some glorified barbar with a medical degree had the arrogance to think that he could do better than millennia of evolution. Do you know what producer you're meeting with, Dr. Brennan? No, my publisher didn't give me a name. I don't know what a producer does, specifically. Nobody does. But it's really important. Dr. Kostov will see you now. You're going to remain here, Agent Finn. Yes, Sir. You recognize this, Dr. Kostov? That'd be your high-profile *double-limen fall sea saline*. Yeah, it's from a shipment of implants you reported stolen 6 months ago. I have a hard time believing you're returning one implant to me. We found it in the remains of a murdered girl. Any more of those stolen implants been recovered? Yeah, approximately 3 weeks ago, there was a faulty one that had to be removed by a surgeon down in the Valley. From whom? A Heidi. - I don't know what that means. L.A. speak for callgirl. LAPD was investigating. They can tell you what agency the girl was working for. You have the most beautiful bone structure. I can't take credit, it's genetic. - How old are you? Why do you want to know? Well, it's never too early to watch problem areas. The jaw, little pouches beneath the eyes... Do you mind? - You touch her, she'll break your arm. She thinks what you do is... - ...barbaric! No. Don't look at me. I like my face the way it is. Sweetie, I'm having a hard time with this skull. Did you try filling in the surgical scoring? I can't be definitive. All the usual indicators have been modified. I reconstructed three facial variations. She had her cheekbone shaved, her chin changed, her jaw reconstructed. That's just what she did to her bones. We don't have a clue what she did to the soft tissue. Her nose, her brows, her cheeks. Just start with the basic architecture. We'll go from there. The basic architecture is what I can't find. You're going to have to make your best estimate. Did you just tell me to guess? No, I said, make your best estimate based upon your experience and expertise. OK, well, dress it up however you want, but it's still a guess. Look, my experience and my expertise don't extend to this. A facial reconstruction might not be helpful in this case. Angela, I told you to be hard. Just do what you can. OK. Brennan, you're being a little edgy and tart with me. All I'm trying to do is tell you the truth. What this young woman did to herself is as if she completely removed her own identity. Who hates herself so much that she not only changes her looks, but her core architecture? If we don't know who she is, then how will we be able to catch the person who murdered her? Is that your way of apologizing? Yes, Angela. I accept. I love your guts, sweetie. According to LAPD, a black market breast implant from the same shipment showed up in another girl from Aphrodite Escorts. Are you missing anyone? We're not looking into your business, Ms Bardu. We're just trying to solve a murder. I haven't heard from Rachel in 2 weeks. Is that unusual? I prefer to ask the questions my own way, Agent Finn. Thanks. Rachel booked out at one-week rate. She knows to check in with me if the client wants to extend the contract. It's time to worry. Do any of these women resemble Rachel? If I had to pick one, this is the closest, but--not really. Did Rachel have a last name? Rachel wasn't even her real first name. She goes by Rachel LeChance. Rachel went to Vegas with a long-time customer. I need his name. Ms Bardu, it's always the same story. Beautiful young woman, somebody wants to meet her, somebody can't have her, somebody dies. Dr Anton Kostov, an assembly-line nip-tucker in town. If that's all... - Do you have a card, Ms Bardu? We provide a law enforcement discount. Ms Bardu, do you have any idea what Rachel looked like before her plastic surgery? Which time? The skull is in extremely good shape. Cranial measurements are congruent with ancient Saxons, Celts and pre-Aryans. Which matches the location of the find. I used Saxon tissue depth for the markers. However, every skull requires its own unique demands. Are you certain of your calculations, Ms Montenegro? A lot more certain than I am on Brennan's Hollywood hooker case. This is a Pict. Picti actually means "painted ones" in Latin. The Romans feared them. Very little was written about them or by them. Fierce warriors, falsely reported to be small in stature. He's a Pict, so what? The Picts are from the far, far north of the British Isle, far above Hadrian's wall. The remains were found at an archaeological site in southern England, near Wales. The Pict didn't go for a walk? These remains represent an archaeological anomaly. This is unique in that no Pict was ever found this far south before. If we could remove the clothing and take a closer look at the bones... It's a face. Maybe Angela got it wrong. - Hey! Zack screwed up the measurements. - Hey! This whole Pict business sounds like one of your stories. Enough. Are you trying to get fired? Science is no country for storytellers, baby. Kostov knew Rachel as a patient, and she knew him as a client. Kostov wasn't the victim's only plastic surgeon. This are 10x magnifications of the victim's jawbone surgery. Kostov doesn't do work this sophisticated. Meaning she had more than one plastic surgeon. Zack Addy. I live to serve. Zack, this facial surgery-- The edges of the bone are almost sculpt, as if the blade simultaneously cut and applied torsion. And you need to know if this procedure is recognized and sanctioned by the American Medical Association? You think Kostov is performing illegal surgical procedures? It won't help us discover the identity of the victim, but it may help us catch her killer. That's the point, Bones. What? - To catch the murderer? I'm sending you a catalog of all the stuff they sent me. Soil samples, pollens, particulates etc. that were on the body parts. Nothing too surprising, except for (e), glass fibers. She didn't pick that up in a field. - No, it's marine fiberglass. The victim was on a boat shortly before she died. Also, look at this. A fingernail. Probably her own. I sent it to the FBI crime lab so that they can run DNA tests. That's zirconium, by the way, not a diamond. So I'm guessing she wasn't your top-drawer high-class prostitute. All the osteological perturbations are consistent with reasonal acts of surgery, Except for compound fractures in the right tibia and fibula, which indicate traumatic compression and *adrenachy*. The victim had her leg crushed, probably in a car accident around age 13. Excuse me, this is my cellphone! - I analized the molars. *Atrigen* and strontium isotopes in the enamel indicate early childhood in New England, while the dentine suggests 6-10 years in Southern California. Hey, Ms Bardu. Hi. Special Agent Booth. I reconsidered your offer. I was wondering if I could have one of your ladies visit me today. Are you ordering a prostitute from my cellphone? I wonder if Rachel ever took part in any of those 2-on-1 specials? Hey, the old 2-on-1 special. Classic. - What's a classic? That's great. Just send me whoever she worked with the most. Are you ordering a hooker to my hotel? Did I hear you say hooker? How come I never get to go on these out-of-town trips? You have much looser daily allowances than I do. Well, have fun. I have to get up early tomorrow. Why? I'm meeting the producer. Oh, you're one of those guys. What guys? - One of those guys who say they just want to talk. They do just want to talk. I'm an FBI agent. OK, I get the drill. What am I playing? No, really, Leslie. I'm really an FBI agent. I just want to ask you some questions, that's all. About what? - About your friend Rachel. Look, I'm sorry, but I think she's been murdered. This can't be happening. God. Rachel was so nice. She was really an actress. You know, the way I'm really a singer. We all say we're something different than what we are. None of us want to be what we are. Do you know Rachel's real name? Candice. Candice Hayden. But I doubt that was her real name. She said she was from Sockton, but I told her I was from Cordaline, and I was lying. Do you know why anyone would want Candice dead? We see things we shouldn't all the time. We know things about powerful people they don't want us to know. Did Candice have anyone in her life? Nick. For a while. I forgot his last name, but he played some kind of terrorist on "24". He got killed in like 4 seconds. Did Nick know that Candice was a callgirl? Not at first. And when he found out, he was really mad. He smashed all the windows of her car. I'm sorry, Miss, but you're going to have to leave. Listen, buddy, I don't know what your problem is, but this is my little sister. I'm visiting from Cordaline. I asked her here for a drink. Which is taking a hell of a long time btw. I'm sorry, sir, but we have strict rules... You might want to have a little bit of respect... And check on those drinks for us. OK, pal? Yes, sir. - Thank you. Thank you. So... Are we just going to sit here and have a drink? That's all? That's all, Leslie. Have a drink, enjoy the view. Pretend we belong here. And later, catch a murderer. Agent Booth, can I have a moment please? Have I done something to offend you? Look, I'm not really into this West Coast "in touch with your feelings" thing, OK? So... I'm really good at my job. And I've been nothing but cooperative and helpful to you, but you just freeze me out. And I know that you have nothing against working with women, because you're partners with Dr Brennan, so your problem must be with me. Look, I don't have anything against you, Agt Finn. I just don't like the way you view the FBI. What do you mean? This is a proud and noble job, but you're using it to get to something else. My advice: Write your script. Get an agent. Hell, have a little plastic surgery. But quit using my Federal Bureau of Investigation as a stepping-stone into something that you think is better. Because in my book, there is nothing better. I'm here with Penny Marshall, one of the most prolific "hyphenates" in Hollywood. Actress, producer and director of such hits as "A League Of Their Own" and "Big". Her latest project is "Bred In The Bone", a thriller based on the bestselling novel by crime-fighting anthropologist Dr Temperance Brennan. OK, so how did this all come together? I have no idea. Well, my brother Gary gave me the book, and I liked it, And then this whole bidding war started, and I usually don't get into that kind of thing, but in this case... A bidding war? That's got to be a thrill for a first-time author. I wasn't actually there. You must be a big fan of Penny's films. So which one's your favorite? I enjoyed her humorous treatment of the time/space paradox. "Big"! Very funny. "Time/space paradox". Penny, who is going to write the script? Don't I get to do that? We'll talk. Cut, stop. Whatever you say. Brennan? Well, I want to come with you. I have to go, 'cause we have a suspect, and I have to go. Would you look at that... passion! Pretty good chance one of these leaping losers is our killer. You always think it's the boyfriend. Well, he loved her. Found out that she was a prostitute. I'd say, anyone who plays this stupid game is capable of murder. Now then, we got this case sewed up. Why don't you just go and arrest them all? Excuse me, guys. Ladies. Ladies, Gentlemen, excuse me. Please? Excused. - Everyone who isn't Nick Carverson, go get the ball. God, she was so sweet. I sure thought about getting back together with her. Even though... You broke all the windows in her car? What would you do if you found out your girlfriend was a prostitute? When did you last see Rachel? Sandra. Her name is Sandra Caine. At least as far as I knew. When did you last see Sandra? About a month ago. I was tending bar at a function at the colony. Did you speak to her? No. No, I was working. So was she. But I didn't kill her. How could you not know what she was doing for money? Did you even know her at all? She said she was modeling. The thing about Sandra is that... as pretty as she was, she was just never pretty enough. She'd be all black and blue, and then she would heal, and she would look beautiful. I mean, really really beautiful. And we'd be sure that something was going to break for her. And then she would be back in front of that mirror. And no matter what I said... Look, I never knew her. I never understood her. I'm probably the last guy you should be asking about her. He's an actor. Of course he's convincing. I don't know. Doesn't seem to work very much, he's playing volleyball all the day. Just an observation. I have an announcement. You are unable to positively authenticate the skeleton. That is correct. Told you! Given the inconsistency between the specimen's geographic location, physiognomy and artifacts, I cannot in good faith authenticate the find. Is this because of how I made him look? 'Cause there's a certain amout of subjectivity involved in recreating a face. To a certain amount, yes. But the fact is, he displays Pictish features. For all we know, this skull doesn't belong to this body. Even though on X-rays it looks as though the head is properly attached to the spinal chord, we could actually go in and look. Confirm the authenticity. I decline to continue the investigation at this time. We will store the remains in the interim. I knew this was going to happen! - Hodgins... Because we have been colleagues on this, more than superior and subordinate, I have allowed you to be insubordinate. But I warn you, Dr Hodgins: That is over. Do you want my letter of resignation? You know what'd be better? Put them on the table and measure, right? OK, look. Everybody just turn and walk away. If you want me to resign, just say so. Ms Montenegro is right. You think you just won something. I'm telling you, Goodman was the bigger man. Isn't it against your ethical code to have sexual relations with a patient? Do you guys even have an ethical code? Sex with patients is frowned upon. That's why he said the implants were stolen. No way to prove that he was the one who installed them. I did not know Rachel was dead when you last visited. And I did not kill Rachel. I made her beautiful. You mean, you took what was unique and particular about her, and destroyed it. You have a serious neurosis on this subject. Do you have a boat? I do 4 boob jobs a day, 20 grand a pop. Of course I have a boat. That's all you get without a lawyer. What do you do? Pay him in hairplugs? Still working on the murder weapon? Maybe it's not a knife. Maybe it's some kind of sharpened screwdriver. Why are you being so mean to Dr Goodman? I'm not being mean. I'm being critical of his process. Why are you being so critical of his process? Goodman should be looking at the facts. Is this skeleton authentic or not. That's all. Instead, it's all a mish-mash of conjecture. What I think is, he's forgotten how to do the science and doesn't want to admit it. Why a screwdriver? Because there's more torsion in the cut than a flat-bladed knife can bear without snapping. It twists without breaking. The killer would have to be incredibly strong. And even then, the blade would snap. That's what Brennan said about the jaw surgery thing. What? I don't know, I do bugs and silt, but she said the words "torsion" and "twist". This is the type of situation where people say "Oh my god". Pretend you're a person and say it. Oh my god. Scenario #1: Prostitute gets breast augmentation from plastic surgeon in return for sex. She threatens to tell on him. - Plausible. Scenario #2: Jealous boyfriend, well... yada yada, you know the rest. Which do you like? - Neither. Because there is no hell evidence. - Unless you count the volleyball. Sounds like you're getting ready to quit. Quit? No. Just the Deputy Director wants me to hand the case over to L.A. Field Office. We're supposed to give Agent Finn what we got, and go home. What? Forget it! You don't even like Agent Finn. You think she's an idiot. Bones, the whole case is a buzz. It's a blank. We don't have anything. We checked her apartment, nothing. There are no pictures, nothing. We don't know what she looks like, we don't know her name. It's like she lived on the world instead of in it. Colin is calling you back because he thinks that I'm at a dead end. You have to tell him he's wrong. Is he wrong? We know we're looking for someone who grew up in New England, moved here about 8 years ago, her leg was crushed in a car accident when she was 13, she was on a boat shortly before she was murdered, we know some of her names and some of her faces. That's all your stuff. Usually, by now we know more about my stuff. What, we have separate stuff? Yeah, by now I usually have a feel for the person. What they wanted, how they felt, what was going on in their lives. With this girl, nothing. She thought she was ugly. She did everything she could to make herself beautiful. And all she did was make herself more invisible. Everybody in this city thinks they're ugly. And nobody is. I'm starting to get why you hate anonymous deaths so much. We are born unique. Our experiences mold and change us. We become someone, all of us, and to have that taken away by murder, to be erased from existence against our will, it's just... Evil? - Unacceptable. These bones you bring me, I give them a face, I say their names out loud, I return them to their loved ones, and you arrest the bad guy. I like that. So do I. I feel like we should be arresting these doctors because, whether they killed her or not, they still erased her. Yeah, maybe I could help calling off for a day. It's not good enough. You're welcome. Brennan. - Her murder weapon is a larger version of the surgical implement used on the victim's jaw. You compared the wounds to the marks left on the jaw? That's brilliant, Zack. It was Hodgins. Well, Hodgins quoting you, so it was us. Go team. But get this: According to the National Plastic Surgery Association, there's only one surgeon who does this procedure. - Tell me he's in L.A. He's in L.A. Dr Henry Atlas, Rodeo Drive, Beverly Hills. Go! I'm ethically bound to ask you for a warrant before revealing the identity of any of my patients. Let me try this, then: The jaw procedure which Dr Brennan described to you as... Was my innovation, yes. There's an adage in my business: "You can't alter the bone." I've proven it incorrect. Given the right patients. - How many have you done? Perhaps half a dozen. And if you get a warrant, I will release the names of my patients. Otherwise... - Do you use special operating instruments? Yes, I designed them myself, specifically for the procedure. Have you patented them or shared the design with anyone? - Not yet. He's waiting until he'll have enough success stories to cash in. He's going to be short of one success story. Let's see what we got here... Sandra Caine, Rachel LeChance, Candice Hayden... Do any of these women there ring a bell? - As I have reiterated... I have a search warrant here. To collect your surgical instruments. You'll shut me down. You will cost me a fortune. The only ones we require, Dr Atlas, are the ones you designed yourself. She told me her name was Susan Shepard. Brilliant. You wanted to see me? You are a very difficult and stubborn man, Dr Hodgins. Right now, I'd like nothing more than to fire you. In my position, very few people tell me the truth anymore. I find I enjoy it. In some perverse way. You are willing to admit you bailed on the autentication? - Yes. Seriously? But not for the reasons you think. True, we might be able to authenticate the skeleton by taking him apart. Destroying him. If he's a fake, that would be fine. Nothing lost. But I think he's the real thing. You do know he's been dead for 1500 years, right? I am an archaeologist. This is what we do. We step outside the facts and tell ourselves the story of an individual or a culture. And if this story I tell myself about this man who lived 1500 years ago is true, if he was layed to rest by people who respected and loved him, don't I owe to them not to let the pure scientist desecrate his remains? Or you could be totally rational and say, you were waiting for imaging technology to improve to the point where it wasn't necessary to disassemble him. Ah. Yes. I suppose I could say that, it's less... - Sentimental. For the pure scientists. I've got the murder weapon. We have the murder weapon. We have trace evidence, from your boat. We have testimony from your staff that you argued with the woman you knew was Susan Shepard, shortly before she died. - What you need now is a confession. Your patient list is what's known as an "A list", right? Oscar winners, supermodels, superagents. Moguls. So how is it that a callgirl makes the grade? You can answer that, Henry. I did Susan's procedure pro bono. - Why? Because she volunteered. - She was a guinea pig. How did you meet her? Now, come on. Susan just didn't walk into your office, did she? Oh, just tell them, Henry. Through another callgirl, one I used regularly. Sometimes these girls from the high-class establishments start to have expectations beyond the professional. She thought you were going to marry her? - Something along those lines, yes. So I made a change. I started requesting Susan. Did you trade plastic surgery for sexual favors? Obfuscate, Henry. We did each other favors. Went fine for a few months. Until Susan wanted you to marry her too. No. In my opinion, Susan had become addicted to plastic surgery. I refused to do any more procedures. That's what my staff heard us arguing about. - What was Susan like? She was a "girl next door", simple, healthy. The girl before Susan was the opposite. She was very flashy. She had diamonds in her incisives, diamonds in her fingernails. Bones, didn't Hodgins find a fingernail? - Yes, with a fake diamond in it. Susan was the girl-next-door type. It wasn't her fingernail. - Jealousy, like I said. So... What was the name of the escort before Susan? The flashy one. The one who thought you were going to marry her. Tell the man what he needs to know, Henry. She thought Atlas was going to take her out of her life. You wanted the girl next door. You were right. Jealousy. That's an old story. But your 1500 year old friend back home, utter diversion. Leslie thought Rachel was stealing her man, so she killed her. What did she ask you? - What? She asked you something after she was arrested. What was it? She asked me... if I thought she was beautiful. One more thing. I had the Bureau search for adolescent girls that were injured in car crashes in the upper northeast, 10-12 years ago. Daughter's right leg was crushed. Allison. Her name was Allison Holmes. Her father and her brother are still alive. Somewhere in Bangor, Maine. We'll return the remains. Thanks, Booth. You know, Bones -- You do your thing, I do mine.