Nobody's totally un-effable. Virgins are. I mean, but you're, like, the total opposite of un-effable. "Ineffable"... and it doesn't mean what you think. It means that you can't like, describe it in words. Describe what? Like sex? You two have zero vocab skills! You're bitter, 'cause you're the designated driver and... we're not. what's that even mean... "degsinated"? What the hell is that? Male, mid-30s... attachment sites suggests he was well-muscled... probably due to manual labor rather than weight traing. Okay, what killed him? The sternal ribs are subluxated at both the spine... and the sternum. Indicating that he was crushed? Not crushed... pinned. Smothered, perhaps in an industrial accident? This the guy that Bones is checking out to replace Zack? Clark Edison, meet Special Agent Seeley Booth. Hey, what's up? "Bones..." that's funny, that's what... all my friends called me back at college. Yeah, I like him. You got a minute? One minute... Are you going to a crime scene? Do you need me? I'll let you know. Did I get it right? Yes. Construction worker, foundation collapse. But I'm not impressing her. I'm still not completely certain what Dr. Brennan thinks of me. Why am I here? You used to like to come out into the field. No car fires, no tanker trucks full of acid, - no explosion... - You to insist... Don't tell me you brought me out here - for a car accident. - You're so anxious to get back, I could barely get you off your lab coat. With Zack gone, I'm need at the Jeffersonian. That kid seemed pretty good with the subluxicated sternaculum... thing. You used to correct me. Why am I here, Booth? Hey, Foster, get a backboard, we got one we gotta stabilize. So, it's been, what, three months since Zack shipped off to Iraq? How hard could it be to replace him? Male... Caucasian... I'm just saying, I mean, you in the lab, me in the field... we are not working at our full symbiotic potential. Late teens, early 20s. Completely devoid of flesh or odor. Seems like maybe you don't want to work with me anymore. I work with you. You know what I mean, Bones. How did this skull get here? Ask our eyewitness. Come on. Let's go, buddy. I'm not high. Neither am I. Why is he telling me that? The car reeked of dope. So, tell her what happened. I was driving behind a dump truck, and... that came flying off the back. You think the rest of the skeleton is still in the truck? - No. - Why? It didn't come flying out, it came flying off. - It bounced. - Oh, bouncing skull. Perhaps you thought that because you were under the influence of tetrahydrocannabinol. - What? - Weed. I wasn't high, I'm the designated driver, I... Piss test me if you want. It's possible, if the truck were traveling at a certain rate of speed, a wind vortex or shear could occur capable of flinging the skull like... What? What, Booth? Bones... But why would anyone throw a skull off an overpass? So your husband signed his name to the marriage license with an X. Yeah. So you married a guy without knowing his name? It was Fiji, okay? I was on vacation. I'm not being judgmental, I'm just trying to ascertain the facts. Did you consummate the marriage? A full moon, tropics, yeah, there was definite consummation activity. We already looked into having the marriage annulled. Annulment requires consent from both the husband and the wife. Which is why we need a private investigator. To find the "husband", so we can get married. Right, well, I'm just going to need any description that you can provide of your husband... details, dates, photographs... who else was there. Tall... I guess. Muscular. Black. That's all I got. You know what, I think his name had a "B" in it. Actually, it could have been a "K" You know what, I could make you a sketch. Well... There are scoring patterns here on the forehead, the cheek bones, around the nose. I meant Clark Edison. Who's Clark Edison? The absolutely brilliant forensic anthropologist who'd bite off his own arm to be your assistant. I haven't decided yet. Is that a problem? No, I want you to be certain of your choice. Thank you. It's just that you've turned down 17 applicants already. It's a rarified discipline. There aren't many more candidates to check out. I'll cover the lab work until I find the right person. This is good. It's the first time you've called me in weeks. There's scoring on the skull. Scoring? Yes, scrapes. Yeah, I know what scoring means. The scraping is uniform in spacing, but not in depth, which suggests an ungual pattern. What's an "uncle" pattern? No, ungual. "Gaa"... Ungual. How do I say this in a way that makes sense to Booth? Something chewed on the skull. Like a bear or a dog. Human, Booth. Dr. Brennan is saying human. In the vernacular, our victim's face was... chewed off by a cannibal. Okay. Bones S03E01 "The widow's son in the Windshield" Capture: swsub.com Sync: The Lovers - Shadow --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- The ensuing accident was called in by a trucker who saw it in his rearview mirror. Now, the driver of the "reefer mobile"... "Reefer mobile"? identified said truck as the one from which the skull rebounded before said skull lodged in his windshield. The truck dumped it's contents at a municipal landfill near Salisbury. We need a warrant to shut down the landfill and... comb it for body parts. You think a cannibal is making a habit of tossing body parts off of overpasses into passing dump trucks? Well, we only got a head, so... the rest has got to be somewhere. Okay. What am I looking at? It's called an osteoma. It's a type of bone spur that grows from the skull down into the sinus cavity. Clark found it when I gave him the X-rays to analyze. An osteoma that size can cause... headaches, infected sinuses, maybe worse. Osteomas are every bit as distinctive as fingerprints or... retinas. We'll check with local ear, nose and throat surgeons... see if the pain drove our victim to seek help. Nice job. Thank you. The FBI forensics team just delivered, like, a million bone chips. From the landfill? And Booth says there's more to come. You are not going to hire that one either. I haven't made up my mind yet. And when you don't hire him, it just prolongs this lame excuse for you not to go out into the field with Booth. Why would I do that? Because... when Hodgins and I ran away from our wedding, we left you and Booth standing at the alter. And that iconic image... - totally freaked you out. - No, it didn't. Sweetie, this is not one of those things where you try to keep a secret and I ferret out the truth. This is where I tell you something that's true, so you can catch up to your own reality. Ange, I have no idea what you're talking about. Which actually proves my point. I really love you to bits and pieces, sweetie. I know you love me back, we'll talk again when you catch up. Most of these are animal remains. Some are crockery and plastic. We got anything human? I'll have to go through it and see. Well, I could do that, Dr Brennan. Yeah, Clark could do that. There's too many. This could take days, even with the two of us. Come on. Is that true? Dude, you're kind of putting me in an awkward position there. Well... Zack would have told me. I mean, how hard can it be to replace one weirdo squint? I'd hire Clark, but it's not my call. No, it is. You've given Bones enough time. Just hire the guy. Usually when you get all blustery, it's 'cause you think something's your fault. Yeah, well, you know, I did... arrest her father for murder. She could be... having trouble with that. Exposing a parent to the death penalty can have a chilling effect on a partnership. Look, I asked Bones if that was a problem, she said no. I got to wonder if deep down if anybody's that rational. You're not reassuring me here, Camille. If you're looking for reassurance find someone who'd not such a good friend, Seeley. Booth. Yeah, okay, on my way. We got an identity. This is the skull in the windshield. These are X-rays from an ear, nose and throat specialist on M Street. Okay, we're sure this is Gavin Nichols? The osteoma's a perfect match. It's him. Prodigy violinist disappears... a month later his skull ends up bouncing off a garbage truck? Obviously we are looking for someone who really, really hates classical music Look at this... final performance was at the Library of Congress. He meet with well-wishers, arranged to meet with... his girlfriend for drinks at the Hay-Adams, never showed and nobody ever saw him again. He had a violin worth $3 million. A 22-year-old willowy kid walking around with three million bucks under his arm? I'm telling you, easy pickings. A cannibalistic violin thief who eats faces? Yeah, it's a stretch. But, uh... You see how this is? Us working together? Very symbiotic. You said that already. What is it, the word of the day? I'd, uh... like you to be there when I, uh, question the girlfriend. Can't. I found microscopic grit on the skull. Microscopic grit? That's... Hodgins territory. Yes, and Hodgins works for me, - so that makes it my territory. - Take Angela. Let her do that thing where she looks at photographs and reads peoples minds. No, actually, what she does is read minute facial indicators... Joke, Dr. Brennan. How did you meet Gavin Nichols, Ms. Trattner? I'm a cellist with the National Symphony. Gavin guested as first violinist three years ago.</i> Check out the photo of them kissing... mega tongue action. How long did you know him this way?</i> Within a couple weeks of our meeting. He was barely shaving back then. What is she doing playing squeeze and squish with a 19-year-old? Squeeze and squish? I beg your pardon? With a 19-year-old? Gavin pursued me. His... tastes ran to older women. Ms. Trattner, do you think... Gavin was killed for his violin? No. No one does. You can't sell it anywhere. And we would know by now if they were trying to ransom it back.</i> Can you think of anyone who'd want him dead? - Every violinist in the world. - Why? No one had seen left-hand technique like Gavin's since Franz Von Biber. I mean, his little finger was insured for ten million dollars.</i> Great. Thank you, Miss Trattner. Thank you for your cooperation. You-you can leave now. W- Wait a minute, Booth... Oh, o... one moment. Check out her face in the quartet photo. Just one more... question. I'm sorry. What's going on here? It was impossible not to watch him when he played. You don't look impressed. You look sad. Like she losts something. Like you've lost him. Because she knew he was going to die. Like there was someone else. There was? There was someone else in his life, someone I need to know about. Brilliant, Booth. You are brilliant. Okay, this time, I... What? I'm sorry. Nothing. Just... quietly... who was it, Amelia? Ask her. Rona Sumner? Who's Rona Sumner? Wife of Leo Sumner... ... deputy director of the Secret Service. The particles we found in the skull are pink syenite. - It's the Cadillac of granites. - How dit it get on the skull? I don't know, but pink syenite is relatively rare. Well, how did it get there? I don't know. At first, I thought it was a Brazilian stone called sienite balma, but trace amounts of magnetite and this... this is crucial... chalcocite, led me to the Omineca tectonic belt in British Columbia, Canada, and voila! There's no indication on the skull that he was struck, so how did it get there? I don't know, but not a lot of pink syenite quarried in British Columbia has been shipped to DC... none, at all, in the last hundred years. Perhaps the skull was dropped on a stone floor? I don't know... but I discovered half dozen sources... a bridge, some garden walls on private estates, and one entire bank building. Send the details to Booth. Hodgins, the reason that I'm not going out in the field with Booth is that I haven't found a replacement for Zack. Well, there is no replacement for Zack. I mean, you know, he's good with bones, excellent at math. He's pretty brilliant at making contraptions. And when our experiments blew up, it was easy to pin the blame on him. In my book, all that makes Zack irreplaceable. Exactly. Which is why I'm stuck in the lab. Not... some other reason. The only thing you can do is forget about replacing Zack and find someone who can just... just help out around here. Yes, I was intimately involved with Gavin Nichols. Mr. Sumner, I have to ask, were you aware of your wife's infidelity? What you really want to ask, Agent Booth, is if I killed the boy for bedding my wife. I have a far more interesting question. Why didn't you come armed with the biggest, baddest lawyer in town? I'm more interested in the killing question. I did not murder Rona's fiddle-player. Leo and I have no secrets from each other. What you'd like for us to believe is that because your husband knew about this dalliance, there's no motive for jealousy and murder. Gavin wasn't my only... I'll use your word... dalliance. And Mr. Sumner knew all about them? Like Rona said, "no secrets." Would you like names? To see if Leo murdered them as well? That'd be peachy. Just... tell us about Gavin Nichols. Every salacious detail? - Hit the highlights, honey. - I get it. That's the part you like, huh? The play-by-play? I'm heavily involved in arts patronage. After I put together the funding to get Gavin his violin, we slept together. We met perhaps once or twice a month after that. A total of 11 times. When was the last time you saw him? The night he disappeared. At the Library of Congress. Agent Booth meant sexually. The night he disappeared. At the Library of Congress. Nope. Not buying it. I'm sorry. I don't... I don't feel them. Don't feel them, see, - don't feel... - What Agent Booth means is that unless you can prove that Mr. Sumner knew about your affair with Gavin Nichols, this could all have been a story you cooked up after killing him. We thought you might want proof. So, the kid and the cougar, bumping the uglies. He doesn't just enjoy hearing about his wife's sex life, he gets off on watching. Which explains why he didn't bring in a lawyer. They didn't murder the kid. - Where is Bones? - You arrested the deputy director of the Secret Service for voyeurism? Bones in her office? That is awesome, and really, really stupid. You gotta love a self-destructive man with values. Right. Where's Bones? Right behind you. Oh, great. Listen, I got Charlie to check out all the places with that red rock. Pink syenite. There's only one place that uses the... pink rock in its foundation. It's an old deserted bank on the Anacostia River. Bingo, baby! Why "bingo baby"? I checked into the ownership of the place. Why "bingo baby"? Shell companies owning defective titles... I don't get the significance. It's is deserted, isolated. It's a fortress. Serial killer heaven. Look. I want you to come with me. I've got work to do here. Dr. Brennan, if this building was used for some sort of ritual cannibalistic killing... as indicated by a skull which has been gnawed upon... a trained anthropologist's eye could be crucial to the case. Rationally speaking. The bank's been closed for years. Door's always locked. Never a light. - Nothing. - No squatters? Made 'em sturdy back in the day. I mean, look at this place. It is clean. No dust, nothing. DC Building Conservancy is fighting to keep the place a historical site. Maybe if you told me what you were looking for, I could help you out. Oh, you know. Bloodstains, butcher instruments, Any place where human remains would have come in contact with granite. You're not gonna find nothing like that up here. - Up here? - Up here? Old vault, cut right into the foundation of the place. Hermetically sealed, insect-proof, constant humidity. - It's ideal. - Yeah, well, we gotta get inside. You want me to kick down the door? When I put your old man in jail, you said you understood. Don't start again, Booth. We'll be together as soon as I replace Zack. Hey. How's that going, by the way? We're in. They cracked it. All right, you got it? Little bit more. Easy. You know, maybe you're mad at me subconsciously. What? I don't believe in that. Oh, well, something has changed between us. You could at least admit that so we can figure it out. Yeah, I would, yes, if I actually believed anything had changed. Get down! Why are your eyes closed? I thought we were gonna get blown up. It's just a transmitter. Now whoever owns this place knows we're here. Come on. I'm curious. In an explosion, how would shutting your eyes help? It just... it does, okay, Bones? It just does. Now be careful. We don't know what else is in here. There's a phrase in ancient Greek burned into the back of the vault door. Well, what's it say? I don't know. It's in ancient Greek. Dead languages, Egyptian art, Pythagorean mathematics, Hebrew scriptures, Gnosticism, the Kabala, alchemy, Druidism, astrology. Angela can tell us for sure, but... I think these artifacts are museum quality. Bingo, baby. I found Gavin Nichols' violin. Bones. What, Booth? What did you find? I... I don't know. What is that? Silver? Not all these bones are silver. It's possible we just found more of Gavin Nichols. That's Gavin's violin. What else you got? This altar is made of the same pink syenite we found embedded in Gavin Nichols' skull. Where's the rest of him? Probably tossed into dump trucks from overpasses. All of the bones found here show teeth marks. Somebody kidnapped a fiddler and served him for dinner in an old bank vault stuffed with museum pieces? I think this is high medieval, Spanish, possibly Calabrian in origin. 12th-century Calabrian? You know what that means? The Order of Alcantara? You people have no idea of the reach of the Illuminati, do you? Tell you what else. This old bank is an original vortex point on the triangular grid designed by the infamous architect of D.C., Pierre Charles L'Enfant, not to mention. The way that this skeleton's displayed... Okay, okay, we get it. This is the lair of a cannibalistic secret society. Hey, you know what? You know all my answers? Don't ask me the questions. Someone is replacing the silver bones in this sculpture with human bones. There's no way this manubrium and this sternum came from the same person. We got a multiple murder? Is she pleased? Hell, you could go your whole career without catching something this juicy. Who had access to the building? - The building conservancy. - Run those people. Look for priors. Childhood cat skinning, all that. I'd like permi move the contents of this room to the Jeffersonian. It's a bank vault. There's room in the basement. I think this may be one of those "Bring the mountain to Mohammed" situations. You were married by a John Kakala who was the head man of a hamlet called Nakavala on the island of Vatulolo during a feast in honor of the shark god Daquwaka. Uh, doesn't sound wrong. Can't this head man tell you who Angela married? He's dead. Town was wiped out by a tsunami two years ago. The... island is deserted and no one wants to talk because the whole place is haunted and... cursed. Of course it is. Yeah. Do you happen to rember any Australians? Okay. Look, they have this... local drink called kava that is really... Anyway, when it comes to memory, no, not so much. Which is probably why when I tried to sketch him... I only came up with this. Handsome. Why Australians? Well, on or around the date of the marriage license, the... there was a tramp steamer out of Adelaide The innocent Citymay or may not have been docked in Vatulolo. Let's... track that steamer down. - It's gonna cost. - Not an issue. Thanks. You having second thoughts? You kidding? Hey, this is great. Like we're on some epic adventure. Adventure? These are the bones we found on the altar. Can you confirm that any of these are Gavin Nichols'? To be 100% positive, we'd have to check DNA. All right, let's get that going. Bones, I mean, you see what's going on here, right? What are you talking about? You're getting them all to help you now. Booth, the vault is filled with priceless artifacts. And probably material stolen from other victims. It's gonna take months to sift through that evidence. No, this is enabling. You're enabling somebody with a mental problem. - Zack... - No, you. You, Bones. You're the one with the mental problem. Oh, it's Zack! It's... What are you doing here? Can I, can I move back into the place above your garage? Are you kidding? Of course! Come here! Welcome home, Zack. Did you get wounded or something? No, they just sent me home. When can you start work? Nice meeting you, bub. If you didn't fill my job. Who's that guy? Nobody. Men... you look like crap. Iraq's not a vacation. I think you look very rakish. Are you starving? Actually, what I'd like is to get into whatever it was you were talking about before Dr. Brennan's mental problem. It's hard to concentrate when you're all staring at me. They're happy to see you. The depth of the teeth scoring on this skull suggests that it was cooked. Meaning the victim was dead when his face was eaten, which is good, I guess, given the alternative. I'm seeing an interesting pattern in this scoring. From the windshield? It appears so, but if you kind of unfocus your eyes and allow patterns to arise from what looks like chaos, here, here, here. I didn't notice that. This scoring is different from both the gnawing marks and the damage caused by crashing through the windshield. What is that? I don't know. Did you run it through the X-ray diffractometer? And also X-ray microfluorescence. Neither showed trace evidence of anything left on the bone by whatever etched that groove. Well, that's our answer then. But the answer was nothing. So our cannibal has a diamond tooth? Well, not the entire tooth. The diamond inset; left lateral incisor. It left a distinct mark on the skull. So if someone in the building conservancy or cleaning crew has a diamond in his tooth, that's our guy. You got 'em. I'd like to be in on it when you interrogate him. What? You would? Why are you surprised? Are you serious? I've been trying to get you out of the lab since Zack left. Well, Zack's back so here I am. That simple? Why? Did Angela say something to you? No. Angela, why? What? I told you this isn't about psychology. Fine, fine. Hey, you know what I say, huh? Welcome home, Zack. No, it's not just because you have a diamond tooth. You don't know why you're here, Jason? It seems like that part should be your responsibility. Think about it. You're a smart boy, Jason. You went to private school. Six of them. Got kicked out of every one. Yeah, for attacking people in their sleep. I got counseling. I'm cured. So, you did your little community service, mopping floors for the historical site people. How the hell did you get in the vault? At the old bank? He just doesn't really strike me as the kind of guy who would sit beside a vault all night listening to tumblers through a stethoscope. He probably found the combination while he was cleaning up somewhere. Nobody can get in the vault. It's what you call "impregnable." Not true. This is the transmitter we found in the vault. Normal guy comes across a treasure in a vault, starts, what? Selling it off? You went a whole different way. Could you bite this, please? No. Dr. Brennan was only being polite. We have a warrant for that, too, Jason, so either you bite or I'll make you. What do you need it for? The diamond in your incisor left a mark on the skull. The skull that you gnawed on. It's not like chicken or pork, you know? People always say that. It's more like beef. The face is a little sweeter. More tender. The younger the person, the better. Except for babies. Babies taste kind of like fish. Have you been to bed yet? Iraq is from a different time zone. I can't seem to sleep right now. Fibula and tibia of the right leg are from the same person. Left femur from a different person. Three phalanges and one metacarpal, essentially an entire little finger, are from yet another person. Probably the violinist. How can you tell? Pressure indicator's consistent with years of practice. Manubrium and gladiolus originate from two additional separate people. And this floating rib, an anatomically superfluous rib by the way, is from yet another human being. Ten bones from six separate victims. Yes. Obviously, Jason Harkness was collecting parts from different people to create... - what? - I don't know. There's potential for a lot of victims here. But we caught him. Yes, we did, Zack. Dr. Brennan always says that catching the bad guy is only part of it. The rest is knowing absolutely everything about the evidence. Why did they send you back from Iraq? I failed to assimilate. Despite my accomplishments, I was detrimental to a military team approach. You're very good for our team approach. The army psychiatrist told me that I should question why the Jeffersonian is the only place that I can fit in. All due respect to the army psychiatrist, but that's a hell of a lot more than some people get. Go home, Zackaroni. Get some rest. Do you recognize any of these men? How is this any better than Angela's sketch? That's him. I mean, he fits the general silhouette. You forgot to mention that he was a giant. Well, this may or may not be the crew of the Australian tramp steamer lnnocent City. It was scuttled six months after you were married. His hands are like snow shovels. The man that you're pointing to is known as "Birimbau"to his crewmates. That's it. His name is Birimbau. "Birimbau" is obviously a nickname. It's a Brazilian flute. Did he speak Portuguese by any chance? Yeah, he most definitely had an accent. I mean, look at this man. How hard can it be to find a guy like that? Probably see him from the space shuttle. Did Birimbau die when his ship sank? Oh, that'd be great. No, no. What I mean is we can have him declared dead. - He didn't die. - Too bad. Last time I found him he signed onto a Liberian oil tanker bound for Tierra Del Fuego. Okay, that narrows it down. He's a sailor, he's maybe Brazilian and he's named after a flute. You know what else narrows it down? He's a titan. Half man, half god. I mean, I can see why... why you... I mean, I totally... I do, I get it. Hodgins, stop it. Do I keep looking? Because... if you just wait three years, I mean, you can declare him dead. Do you want to wait three years? Do you? Definitely, absolutely not. Me either. Keep searching, Mr. Doyley. - Zack. Zack. - What did he say? He said he needed to show us something immediately. Show us what? I don't know, he didn't say. That's why we're here. Look out. Zack. Why are you listening to my chest? - Because I thought you were dead. - Why? You're lying on a stainless steel table for dead people. I got tired. New rules, okay? Sleeping is for couches and beds, stuff like that. - Oh... my... God. - What? I thought you'd want to know. What? You compared death, apogee and dimension? Yes, three times. And there's no way it was a case of pre and post diamond-inset? What? What? What? The newest bones, the phalanges and the skull bear only gnaw marks of Jason Harkness. One bone, the femur, was gnawed upon by Jason and a second person. See the distinct second pattern? So Jason invited a guest over for dinner. I don't know how to answer that. No, Jason was the one invited. How do you know? The oldest bones were gnawed on by another person with no diamond in his incisor. Another person. Not Jason. There's... someone else out there. Probably someone older who pulled Jason into this. Good work, Zack. See why he should never have left? Great, thanks. Show them your badge again. No, they don't see why we have to see Jason in the middle of the night. The shift changes in two hours. Hell, they could make us wait till morning. No, you weren't upset because Zack was gone. Yes, I was. Okay, yeah, but you were more upset over the fact that I didn't stop him from going in the first place. I mean, look, I could've said to him, "Zack, Iraq is no place for a guy like you. And he'd never have left. You could've stopped him. Why didn't you do that? Whatever Zack's deal is, okay, his weirdness, whatever you want to call it... I call it genius. You know, he's a man, he's a... He's a strange man, but he's a man who wanted to serve a larger purpose. This is some alpha male rite of passage? You mean go to war? Wrong. Zack needed to leave the nest. The same way you did when you wanted to leave the lab and see the world for the first time. And I helped you do that. How could I stop Zack from doing the exact same thing in his own way? Agent Booth. So, we came in to wake him, this is what we found. Oh, my God. We're going to full lockdown. Booth says you need me? I noticed that Jason Harkness arranged his suicide... If it was a suicide, then somebody provided him with the dagger. His body is arranged in the same position as the silver skeleton. So, Hodgins, you think that's a coincidence? So suddenly you think my insane conspiracy ravings are legitimate? But, obviously, there are other insane people out there who have the same ravings and we need your insight. All right. All right, both the body and the silver skeleton are in the attitude of what the ancient Greeks called "Pharmakos." It means "scapegoat"or "sacrifice. So what, like he's being pulled into the sky against his will? You mean aliens? One definite possibility, yes. Also the "Rapture." Now, as I tried to tell you before, most secret societies have this figure deep in their origins. For Freemasons, it's known as "The Widow's Son." Interesting. Gavin Nichols lost his father when he was 12. A widow's son. So Jason Harkness killed himself to keep his secret society... secret. Or was sacrificed. Hey, all the signs point to it. Strictly speaking, the evidence so far indicates only one other murder. This entire vault's filled with evidence. Who knows where it'll take us. Deeper than you can imagine. Probably get us all killed, just so you know. Thanks, man. No, no, Hodgins, Hodgins. Really. Thanks, man. Yeah, man. Be safe. Ancient Greek section translated the motto on the back of the vault door. "Will no one help the widow's son?" Hodgins was right. This killer's part of something bigger. - Here's your coffee. - Gavin Nichols' violin was in there. I bet there are belongings from other murder victims, too. We have to catalogue every item in that vault. - Hot coffee. After we do a visual and microscopic examination of each human bone in the silver skeleton, we'll take samples and do an in-depth auxiological breakdown. We really have a lot to do. Yeah, starting with coffee. An isotope profile will allow us to narrow down possible geographical... Hey, it's hot. You're going to burn yourself, Bones. Thank you. Listen, this whole serial killer... it's not going to be our usual case. - Why? - Why?Because it's big and he's bad. I don't see what difference that makes. Because you have to slow down. All right? Take a breath. You have to realize that this is not a sprint, it's gonna be a marathon. Marathon, Bones, coming from the Greek, meaning really, really, really long run. That's now how the word "marathon" originated. Look, there's something else I got to know, and it's important. We solid? You and me? - Yeah. - No, not just you and me. The squints, too. Zack is back for good. Angela and Hodgins have their head back in the game. Cam, she's locked in. - Why are you asking me this? - Because... you and me, we're the center. And the center must hold. Right, so... are we gonna hold? Yeah. We'll hold. We're the center. The center. What's funny? I thought you were gonna kiss my hand again. I did not kiss your hand. You put it over my coffee cup. Well... felt like you kissed it. Felt like it.