to upper-class gloss, all right? Keep her lit. Keep her bathed in the glow. All, right, yes. Okay, good. Now, look up. All right. Yes. Nice. Okay. Right in front of you, that's it. That's the future. Yes, OK. - What the hell is that? - Pigeons or blackbirds or crows. - Something along those lines. - Telephoto. God, he has an idea. This is what we need. Caw, caw, yeah, flap, flap. Flap, yeah, yeah. Give me more, yes. Aviary. Wings. Yes, beaks. Those creatures, they are death. Flap your arms. Chase death away but remain beautiful. You understand? Running through a vacant lot at a bunch of birds in six-inch heels... That's it. Good, good, good! You're a leopard. Leap! You're an angel! Oh, yes, beautiful! Beautiful. Terror, fear! Gaze heavenward. Look at the beastly birds, my darling. Look up! I love it, yes. Gaze heavenward, darling. Look up at the beastly birds! So, what's it look like to you? An ear. - Did you just make a joke? - No. - 'Cause that wouldn't be like you. - I didn't. It looks like an ear. - And this stuff in the blue bag there? - Looks like chili con carne. Could this be the rest of the person who lost the ear? I don't know. It looks like chili con carne. There's no single piece here bigger than the skull of an Australopithecus. Sports terms, Bones. Remember, we talked about this. Softball. Good. You're getting better. The size of a softball. At first guess, the total mass in this garbage bag does not add up to an entire human being. Right, so I'll just get forensics to scour the entire lot. Yes. Would you even want to guess what happened to this human being? - No. - I knew you'd say that. I had to ask. All right, let's scour it up! I've been a pathologist for 13 years and I admit, I am a little nauseated. It's going to fall to me to empty these bags, isn't it? All right, then. Fine. I may need a pot of tea waiting. Maggots place time of death somewhere between 48 and 72 hours. I'm going to go with the wood chipper on this. In that case, it was a gold wood chipper. This looks like gold. The ancient Sumerians were prone to spreading gold dust over the body during funeral rites. Did the Sumerians chop up the body into little, tiny bits first? - Not to my knowledge. - What is this? - A black pearl? - Pearls, symbolizing eggs or rebirth and resurrection, were used in many South Seas funeral rites. Did they chop up the bodies into little tiny bits first? I've begun to apprehend your point, Dr. Saroyan. Find out how many corpses we're dealing with. I'll find out if these are really gold flecks and pearl fragments. Celibacy is a lot like fasting. So, you've become sexually anorexic? At first, you're out of sorts and agitated, and then you sort of... push through to a kind of clarity. Have you reached clarity? No, I'm still at the agitated and horny stage. Why are you fasting sexually? Sweets thinks it will do me good to put sex on the back burner in order to relate to people in other... Why are you listening to Sweets? Angela? I asked, why are you listening to Sweets? Sweetie, can you pay for this? I have to go. Sure. Why? I have to save Hodgins' life. I found something interesting on the cellular level. I don't care about the cellular level. - No hemorrhagic tissue. - What? Means the victim was dead before being chopped up. - You care about that, right? - No, not really. What I'm interested in - is how this guy got chopped up. - Now, this here shows that the cell burst from the inside out. Gives me nothing. - Frostbite can do that. - Like climbing a mountain? Yes. Exactly. The water in the cells crystallizes and explodes. I have got an absolutely fascinating clue to tell you. Hey, you have to leave town. - What? Why? - No, fascinating clue first. The pearl we found in the victim wasn't a pearl. - Why do I have to leave town? - My father is here. - What was it then? - Carbonaceous chondrite. It's what meteorites are made of. Your father blames me for our break up? Well, he has sort of a blind spot when it comes to me. I think you should just get out of town until I can call him off. Stop. Okay, stop it. - What about the dead guy? - It's obvious. He was frostbitten while climbing Everest, then struck by a meteor, then dumped into a vacant lot in 2 garbage bags, and eaten by crows. All right, obvious. That's so obvious. Hey, it's a start. Bones - Season 4 Episode 19 "The Science in the Physicist" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Reborn Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- The slowest meteorites travel at 25,000 miles per hour. I'm not just spouting useless facts. You do not have a chance of recreating those velocities with a glorified blow gun. You simply want to fire a cannon at a dummy. You staying or going? Another set of eyes and ears taking note can never be amiss. What possible information could this experiment provide us that you couldn't get mathematically? Mathematics is theory. This is a real world recreation. In order to prove what, exactly? That a, frozen person, struck by a meteorite, would turn into chili con carne. NASA has no record of a meteorite of this size and type striking North America at the time of death. According to NASA, a meteorite matching these characteristics is right here in DC. - I'm all set up and everything. - Your experiment is not pertinent. So, you found out where the meteor came from? - From the solar nebula. - OK. Anything more current than that? Fire in the hole! What the hell was that? We're okay. Everything's fine. We should get out of here before lockdown. - Let Cam deal with it. - Yeah... You know you're grounded, right? So you think the piece of meteor we found in the murder victim - came from this? - Yeah, it's an exact match. The silicate oxide ratios are indistinguishable. - You've heard of Landis Collar, right? - Sure I have. Blind guy, world's leading expert in superconductivity. - Do you know what superconductivity is? - It's better than normal conductivity. Agent Booth, Dr. Brennan, I'm Christopher Beaudette, Senior Scholar here at the Collar. - Shall we? - Yes. So you work in superconductivity? No, Agent Booth, I'm doing research into generating power from earthquakes. Groundbreaking. That was a funny joke. Yeah, and one I've never, ever heard before. Are these people here smarter than you? That would depend upon how one defines intelligence. I'm Landis Collar. Thank you, Christopher. Landis. I'm Special Agent Seeley Booth, this here is... Dr. Temperance Brennan. Is that clicking noise attached to your blindness, Dr. Collar? Yes. It's a protype. Sonic echo-locator. It allows me to... ... apprehend my surroundings. Have you forgiven me? Forgiven him? I was turned down for a fellowship here at the Institute. No, no, that is not true. Your anthropological research was rejected, because it looked at the past, not the future. Ad aeterno. Ad gloriam. Ad posterus. To eternity. To glory. To the future. Right. Then why say your motto in a dead, ancient language? How can I help you? This... Well, put your hand out, I'll... - What Agent Booth has given you... - I know what it is. It's a piece of my meteorite. - That's impressive for a blind man. - I know 'cause I had it made for Diane. Dr. Diane Sidman, my fiancée. The meteorite was set in her engagement ring. That would explain the gold flecks. - What's happened? Is Diane all right? - When was the last time you, saw her? A few days ago. She was ill, which is understandable, considering the pressure she's under. - Pressure? - She's Editor in Chief of the Collar Journal, perhaps the most important venue for scientific publishing in the world. Please, what has happened? We have discovered some human remains, which contained... what is most certainly your fiancée's engagement ring. We'd like to talk to anyone who may have interacted with her before she disappeared You must speak with Diane's students. Chief amongst them, Jennifer Keating and Milton Alvaredo. I'll have Dr. Beaudette bring them to you. If you need anything else, I'll be in my office. My God, Dr. Sidman is dead? We have not yet made a positive identification. When was the last time you saw her? I suffer from a kind of chronological dyslexia, which makes it very difficult for me to place discreet events accurately on a linear timeline. This one's all yours. What exactly are you working on? I'm endeavoring to find a way to transmit single cell organisms, using common pond scum, from one location to another. You ever try a spoon? I've had some success vibrating two separate samples of single cell scum in complete symmetry on a quantum level. That's very impressive. - You wouldn't understand. - Of course I do. "Beam me up, Scotty." Very good, yes. Exactly. Dr. Sidman must have been eager to publish that in the Journal. Very excited, yes. Pending a few questions. - Is this publishing thing important? - Publish or perish. - I mean, is it motive? - For murder you mean? - Definitely. - Definitely. But only on the level of vengeance. Killing her would not reverse the decision unless of course the person who killed her wanted to take over her position. I last saw Diane when Jennifer asked us to stop arguing so loudly. Jennifer Keating? - Dr. Sidman's other grad student? - Yes. Jenny works in cosmogenic isotope research. It can make her cranky. This place is making me cranky. I asked Milton to quiet down, not Diane. I would never get mad at Diane. Why? - She's Editor in Chief of the Journal. - Publish or perish, right? - What were they arguing about? - No idea. Could've been about anything. Landis encourages a free exchange of ideas and... it can get pretty intense. You specialize in cosmogenic isotope research? Cosmogenic? It's a new way of dating artifacts using 14C isotopes. Through accelerated mass spectroscopy. That'd make me cranky, too. I can't imagine that your project excited Diane Sidman. "Vene, vidi, vici." Look to the future. Carbon dating is all about the past. You're right. There was no way she was going to publish me. This time next year, I'll be looking for post-graduate work. Is that the last time you saw Diane? Yes, three days ago. Why? Is something wrong? It is possible that she is dead. Bones account for approximately 15% of the mass of a human being. Given that the total bone mass here comes to, 8.9 kilograms, that would suggest a human being who weighed approximately... 59.3333 kilograms. 131 pounds. Well, it matches the victim's stats. It's Diane Sidman all right. Dr. Saroyan got DNA confirmation. There are no other particulates outside of the gold flecks and meteorite. What did I tell you? That we aren't allowed in the same room without supervision. Why? Because we were stupid enough to fire a cannon indoors. And? You're here, which comes for supervision, so... I'll leave. There's a deep pitting in these bones, which may or may not be connected to the fractures. Also, I excluded wood chipper as a possibility. - How? - Whirling blades would create parallel and evenly spaced fractures. These patterns appear to be completely random. Even more puzzling, they are unusually clean. What if the cellular damage and the fractures were caused by the same thing? The cells could have burst as a result of ice microcrystals having formed if the body was rapidly frozen. You mean freeze the body and then shatter the bones? Liquid nitron? You have my permission to confer with Dr. Hodgins on the subject. In the same room? Yes? Just to be clear. Any damages come out of your pay. As requested: Diane's work area. Looks like somebody cleaned it out. No, Booth, Dr. Sidman was a theoretical physicist. She didn't do experiments, she figured everything out through equations. Diane was a member of the Large Hadron Collider team. Isn't that thing in Europe that's going to create a black hole and end the universe? There's only a very small chance of that actually occurring. And yet, Diane received a number of death threats. Diane Sidman's role was important to the Large Hadron Collider Team? The effort to find the Higgs-Boson will be set back months. - The God particle? - What that's? A theoretical particle which explains why matter has mass. Mass and matter aren't the same? Don't look at each other like that. Neither one of you know how to make your own beer. You realize you just said "don't look at each other" to a blind man? Do you have records of threats made against her? Yes, ever since one of our scientists was attacked for his work in cloning. Milton Alvaredo suggested that we look at whoever was going to replace Diane Sidman as Editor in Chief. That would be the Senior Scholar, Christopher Beaudette. You can understand how that makes him a suspect. I'll tell Sweets to look into threats and see if they're worth following up. If it matters, Diane and Christopher were also enjoying a sexual relationship. If it matters? I thought you were going to marry her. At which time, by mutual agreement, Diane and Christopher's sexual relationship was to cease. - Completely rational. - Except for the completely insane part where somebody killed Diane Sidman. I'll be right back. My opinion, it's a good thing they didn't accept you at that place. - Why? - It's creepy. Everyone there is creepy. If you think they're creepy, then you must think I'm creepy. You have a creepy mode, Bones. Very interesting man. Highly self-aware. Major league smarty-pants. Right, little brain checks in, the big brain checks out. I don't know what that means... little brain, big brain. He freely admits that he had an ongoing sexual relationship with the victim. - That little brain. - But... he denies ever having been "in love" with her. - What's with the hooked fingers? - Well, he said "in love" very sarcastically. Like it was something that happened to - "lower primates." - OK, who else was he sleeping with? - I didn't ask. - Why does that matter? Because maybe not everybody is so, you know, "adult," you know, or "rational." Or, "clear thinking." Or "heartless" as him. That was a lot of quotation marks. So, sexual relationships are pretty casual over there at the Collar Institute? We're young, close quarters, we stimulate each other. - Who else were you sleeping with? - Jennifer. Who was also seeing Milton. So, is it possible that Jennifer was trying to get rid of a romantic rival? By that retrograde manner of thought, Landis could have killed Diane for sleeping with me or I could have killed Diane for sleeping with Landis or... Milton could have killed Diane for sleeping with me and Landis. Ladies and gentlemen, what I propose to show you today is how our victim's skeletal structure came to shatter into tiny bits. Mr. Nigel-Murray. He enjoys this way too much. Basically Hodgins is himself his Dr Nemo. Liquid nitrogen freezes at 63 degrees Kelvin, which is minus 210 degrees Celsius or minus 346 degrees Fahrenheit. It's unnecessary to say "degrees Celsius." It's implicit. When I drop this supercooled turkey... Once again, technically not "supercooled." ... it'll shatter into hundreds of bits on the concrete floor. Shards are gonna fly in every direction, so... Ready? Three... two... one! It's just a glancing blow. I'm Dr. Lance Sweets. I work for the FBI as a psychological profiler. - Psychiatrist or psychologist? - He's just a psychologist. The point is, I looked through over 800 threats made against Dr. Sidman. You, Dr. Mullins, are the only person I thought merited questioning. Using psychology? That's correct. You might as well have picked my name from a hat. Normally, I'd agree. But your disapproval of Dr. Sidman's work makes me wonder if you're a religious fanatic. No. Like most reasonable human beings, I'm an agnostic. You have a doctorate in physics from Princeton, right? Yet you work as a welder. Welding is a real job. Unlike psychology. How can a reasonable human being with a physics degree honestly believe that a particle accelerator in Europe is going to create a black hole which will destroy the solar system? Would you like a list of Nobel Laureates who agree with me? The odds are one in 50 million. Slight, I admit. Too high when you consider the loss of not only humanity, but the only planet in the cosmos that we know for certain is capable of generating and sustaining life. I hate to say it, but I'm totally with him on this one. Would you kill someone on 50 million to one odds? Kill someone? Who's dead? Diane Sidman. Of the 800 threats I studied, 106 of them were from you. Evidence indicates that Diane Sidman was frozen using liquid nitrogen after she was killed. Then her body was dropped and shattered. Ridiculous. A frozen cadaver would simply bounce. Any moron should know that. The point is, as a welder you have access to liquid nitrogen. My IQ is 162. What about it? I'm smart enough to know when to shut up and ask for a lawyer. Except I've got one last thing to say. Knowing that Diane Sidman is dead, I'm going to sleep about 50 million times better tonight. I got here as soon as I could. What's up? Lab results from the CBC and biopsy on our victim. Abnormal proliferation of leukocytes in the thoracic and lumbar bone marrow. - These numbers are fatal. - She died of leukemia? Diane Sidman had a full physical two weeks ago. Guess what? Clean bill of health. How does a perfectly healthy young woman develope advanced leukemia in two weeks? Leukemia doesn't just appear in two weeks. What about radiation? There's got to be some source of radiation that could cause cancer. Someone accidentally irradiates this poor woman, and then, covers it up by freezing her and then smashing her remains into little... bits. You know, ironically, intelligent people have been known to commit murders in ludicrously complicated ways, virtually ensuring their capture. Isn't that... It's Angela's dad. It's not uncommon for men to fear their lover's male parent. You know what creeps me out? The way that English people say "lover." You know, attacking Vincent like that indicates that what he said is true. The man is from Texas. He told me that if I messed up... I don't remember what he said exactly, but but he mentioned the key,"G Demolish," and it sounded pretty bad. The blues is known as the Devil's music because those most adept are thought to have made a pact with the Devil, and thus fear no earthly law because they're already doomed to eternity in hell. Harsh. Thank you. I feel much better now. I happen to have a great deal of insight into the whole blues culture. I could talk to him for you. Yeah, thanks, but... too late. Have you found something? The posterior of the T-seven. It looks very smooth. This indentation could very well be the result of a tumor. The possible source of Diane Sidman's leukemia. A tumor this size, over two weeks, would require a radiation source of between 1,000 and 5,000 REMs. And that would have burned the victim. It must have been a steady exposure over time. The woman spent almost all her time at work. - Everything's coming up clean. - Nothing? Nope. There should still be some evidence of radioactivity. There is nothing radioactive in this room. God I already stinks. Hot suits. What? Right there. What are you doing, Bones? Well, this stain here must have hit Diane Sidman almost exactly where the tumor formed. You're testing me on the cancer chair? Well, you're wearing a suit. Plus, it's not radioactive anymore. We're going to need to take this chair. No! You don't just go around doing human testing on people, Bones. I got to go to the bathroom. Well, I touched it with my bare hands. See? You may be wondering why I'm going through these bones again. Probably because you feel bad that Dr. Brennan found evidence of a tumor that you missed. The average chocolate bar has eight insect legs in it. So, she said hopefully, metaphorically, you're looking for insect legs? And I may have found some. These cylindrical notches on the left clavicle. See? - Two of them, yes. - They may be stab wounds. Okay. We'll have Dr. Hodgins check them for microscopic particulates. If he hasn't lit out for Timbuktu yet. The discoloration in the fabric was not radioactive, but because of your suspicion, I tested for daughter isotopes. Daughter isotopes? Daughter isotopes are what's left behind after radioactive isotopes decay. So, there was a radioactive isotope on Diane Sidman's chair. Yeah, a strong one. Is anyone at that place doing cancer research? No, it's not that kind of place. Yeah, right. "To eternity, to glory, to the future." You disapprove of the Collar Institute? Up and forward are only two directions. Science should look in all directions. You taught me that. I did? Every day. Thank you. - Hold on. Just get the door. - What? Get the door. - Open it. - Now? You got to be kidding me. You know, it's like Club Med Mensa around here. What are you laughing at? You know, most people... you bust in on them having sex with a gun, you know. It kind of disrupts the mood. Perhaps they decided to start all over again from the beginning. It's just sex, Booth. It's not that. Look, I'm not a prude. Well, you have what they would call hang-ups. - You know that guy, Landis? - Yes. - He's about to make a move on you. - How do you know? Because it is the rational and smart thing to do, and he is all about that. - And I see how he looks at you. - How he looks at me? He's blind. That's too literal. His fiancée was just murdered, and he's already moving on. Well, she's gone. He has accepted it. Look, good people, they leave marks on each other. The least we could do is let them fade away naturally, not, you know, scrape them off or paint over them with new marks. So, you're not a prude? Moi? I am a very fun and... very sexy guy. So, you just think that if two people care about each other, they leave metaphorical marks which should be allowed to fade naturally? You heard me, but you just didn't understand me. I wonder that about you all the time. My apologies. Were you looking for me? We need to see your radioactive isotopes. How you doing there, pal? Did you knock one out of the park? I'll be off then, Jennifer. Good-bye, Milton. Thank you very much. You're more than welcome. "Thank you, Milton." "No, thank you, Jennifer" Everyone is so polite here except for the murder and the cheating. We can get a warrant for the isotopes if that's what you require. That won't be necessary. I don't know what use you could have with these. I haven't used them for months, but... Something wrong? Some of my vials are missing. We'll need to know how many people aside from yourself had access to them in the last month. Everyone in the institute had access. Everyone. - This guy is good. - He really is. Why would a guy like you play on a street corner? Well, I guess that depends on who exactly you think I am. I'd like to speak to you about Hodgins. - I'd like to help. - No, thanks son. I can handle Hodgins all on my own. Oh, no. I mean, I'd... I'd like to help with the situation. See, I'm a psychologist. It's kind of my mojo. You misunderstand the term. What I meant was... Vincent pointed out that each break appears to have happened at the weakest part in each bone. X rays bear me out on that. The most damage was done to the weakest bones: the anvil, the hyoid, these points on the spine. - I don't get what that means. - Essentially, the skeleton broke apart at the weakest points. The way a building would fall apart during an earthquake. So... the victim was killed, we're not positive how yet, then frozen, then shaken until all the bones fell apart? Not shaken. Vibrated. Vibrated until the frozen bones shattered like crystal. Hodgins! Don't sneak up like that. I could put out an eye on my microscope. - You got to run. - You talked to Angela's father. Oh, God. What did he say? I have no idea. But he was very... He's got a very disturbing affect... sinister. I am not scared of him. You know that whole "sell your soul at the crossroads" thing? I'm buying it. You got to run for it, man. I told you so. You know what? I secretly had a thing for Angela. Now it's gone. Like... wiped from the memory banks. It had to be Milton Alvaredo, right? Why? He's the one who's working on transporting matter through vibrations? You understood that? He kills Dr. Sidman, flash-freezes her, and then tries to transport her to outer space, the moon, whatever, and ends up with frozen chili con carne. - I'm very impressed. - Yeah, I've learned a lot from you... and a lot from watching the Discovery Channel with Parker. Milton Alvaredo is not our only suspect. Jennifer Keating. I mean, her only motive is revenge, and, like you say, that's just not logical, and despite her being, you know, a sex kitten scientist, - she's still logical. - No, not Jennifer Keating. Chris Beaudette. His project concerns extracting energy from earthquakes. Plus, Dr. Collar is working on echolocation for the blind. So, basically, we're back to square one. I suggest we find an apparatus capable of shattering a flash-frozen human cadaver. Apparatus. Right, gotcha. Hello? Dr. Earthquake? Okay. So, tell me what I'm looking for here. Any apparatus that might facilitate the creation of a sonic standing wave. Right. Tell me what I'm looking for again. You're leaning on it. Right. I knew that. All right. Look at this. All right, I'll just get Forensics to look for blood. No, there won't be any blood. The remains are frozen solid by this point. The natural frequency of the human body is between three and seven Hertz. Humans have natural frequencies? Naturally, that would increase dramatically if the body is frozen solid. Forget it, Booth. We're in a high pressure chamber. That door can withstand a force of at least... - Oh, no. - What oh, no? - We have to get out. - We have to get out or what, we'll explode? Booth, what we have to do here is, we have to try to counteract the wavelength. The what? It's not working. If we stop, our brains will turn to pudding. Booth? Hello? Booth, are you okay? - Are you all right? Can you hear me? - What? - Are you all right? - I'm all right. How about you? I called paramedics. They should be here... - Landis pulled us out. - I heard shots. Booth, are you okay? It was my shooting that saved our lives. You should have been dead in five to seven seconds. - Bones, it was my gun. - My sonic interference idea worked. - It wasn't your siren... - Can you hear me? - It was my gun. - If I hadn't started interference, we'd be dead before you started shooting. You two might want to try resting before communicating. Don't need to be deaf as well as blind. What? Now, this notch you found in the clavicle? I found minute traces of graphite, clay and copolymer. Pencil lead? Which, of course, is not lead at all. Is that even possible? All right, say a fairly heavy mechanical pencil, right? To the windpipe, or the carotid... victim dies, is deep frozen, and then shattered. The freeze-dried chunks are swept into garbage bags and dumped for birds to eat. Oh, no, please. You keep it. I don't think I could ever regard it in the same manner again since... Thank you very much. I warned the man, Angie. I told him if he hurt you, he would have me to contend with. Did you take off your glasses when you said it? I definitely did. It was a mutual breakup. Were you hurt? Dad... Could he have stopped it? Yeah. But so could I. His daddy can come down and kick your ass. I can't do everybody's job. I wish you wouldn't. Okay, Sweet Girl. I will ameliorate my vengeful intentions. Ameliorate? Honest? Honest. Honest as a Texas sundown. One of you killed Diane Sidman. And tried to kill us. I think we can rule out sexual jealousy as a motive for this murder? - Of course we can. - Of course we can. Wait a second. Why? Because these robots don't feel like humans? No, because radiation poisoning is the opposite of a crime of passion. My people say that Diane Sidman was stabbed to death with a pencil. Well, indicating that the murderer suddenly became impatient, or approached a deadline. You figure out that deadline, you'll figure out your murderer. Well it has to be the publishing deadline from the Journal. Look at this. Found blood in your resonance chamber. Obviously, you can't see that, - but it's right there. - That's not blood. - That's not blood. - Luminol means blood. There's no evidence of smearing. The murderer could have cleaned it up. Luminol reacts with copper, iron peroxides and cyanide. Which provides for a number of false positives. Vegetables, fruit pulp. Cleaning agents, insecticides. Various glues, rust-remover, ketchup, seaweed, sap, algae. Is this luminol stuff ever useful? I'm just asking because, it... Yes? It is? Fine. I'll shut up. What? Luminol reacts with pond scum. So? Right. Right. Pond Scum Scottie. You're our guy. You're under arrest. Knew it all along. Let's go. Come on, up. Oh, God! That's for killing my fiancée. One person to your left, Dr. Collar. My apologies, Agent Booth. My echo-locator must have malfunctioned. This may not be the most... apropos time, but... - Oh, here we go. - Here we go, what? I was wondering... Could I have your phone number? - Told you. - Really? I... have been considering how to respond if you asked, and have decided upon no. I can go, right? 'Cause I have some actual save-the-world work to do. Dr. Collar. - You okay? - I'm all right. You're the only smart person I really like. Thank you. That's... What... What about me? So, Diane Sidman agreed to publish Milton Alvaredo only if he shared credit with her. Right, so she said that he was using his theories about the God Particles... - Particle. There's only one. - Right. Particle to vibrate the pond scum. He gives her cancer, but she lives too long. Yeah, then he kills her with a pencil and feeds her to crows so he doesn't have to share a credit. That is cold. And creepy? - I didn't mean to call you creepy. - You said I have a creepy mode. I apologize, okay? - I wasn't in my element. - Every element is your element. No, that is not true. Okay, listen. We just got to stop hanging out with geniuses, because you're gonna figure out that I'm really stupid. What? Don't worry about that. I figured out a long time ago how stupid you are. What I just said is true, and yet, it really sounded wrong. What I should say is that I don't care how stupid you are. It's not any better? - Not at all. - Okay, well... There is intelligence, which I have, and Mr. Nigel-Murray. Oh, thank you. And Sweets, even though his is so misdirected as to be meaningless. Backhand full of knuckles with that compliment. And Hodgins. And... Angela... not so much, but she's very talented. - Thank you very much. - You're welcome. But there's another quality, which is the ability to use intelligence. That is what you have. Thanks, Bones. Hey, wait a minute. Speaking of Hodgins, has anybody seen Hodgins?