to convince future combatants that it's an honor to die in battle. Well, for these servicemen, it was, you know? And somebody to use this place to protest the war... it just pisses me off. These are the lives that gave them that right. These men... they should be respected. If they were really respected, maybe not so many of them would be buried here. Are we going to get into something here, bones? I don't see why. I think we both wish this place were a lot smaller. Agent Booth, dr. Brennan, right this way. Must have happened in the middle of the night. Place is so big, no one saw the fire. The accelerant was charcoal starter. We didn't find a suicide note. If he was a protestor, wouldn't he leave a note? Didn't need to. It's on Charlie Kent's grave. Press was coming out this morning to do a tribute to him. It's the one-year anniversary of his death. Charlie Kent? He was in the national guard. He was about to be drafted by the NBA when he got shipped out to Iraq. He gave his life taking out a group of insurgents to save his unit. Won the silver star. It's male, african descent, approximately 20 to 29 years old. Too early to determine cause of death. I'm not a pro, but I'm guessing fire. The white house and DoD want an ID as soon as possible. So they can brand him a traitor. Why do you have to be so cynical? I'm not cynical. It's a necessary part of the psychology of warfare... Heroes and villains. Without clear distinctions like that, we'd never be able to fight. Yeah, well, I always found being shot at is a motivating factor. Bag these fragments of his clothing. I also want any singed plant life or debris you find around him. I'm on it. What? That was Jamie Richards. We were in the rangers together. He was hit by a roadside bomb just outside the green zone. You know, he left a... a wife and two kids. The fact that he was near this... You believe somehow he's still here watching? Yeah. You don't. I get that. I know you think he was a good man. That's... that's enough for me. Zack, I want pictures of all remaining tissue before he's moved. Ah... I used to love watching Kent play. He could fly. He made 46.4% of his three-point attempts in his last season. A basketball fan. I'm surprised, mr. Addy. Zack, I'd like you to keep cleaning the bones. Did you see the game against North Carolina? 53 points, and he grabbed 18 rebounds. Zack... Sorry. Cleaning. It's difficult knowing Kent will never play again. It makes the war so real. Which is odd, since it was all fiction that got us there in the first place. So you don't think we should stand up to tyrants? Sure. I've been waiting for the press to do that for three years now. I can't believe you took the bait. Yeah. Me, neither. Ugh... press office at defense. Please ID him. This is the third call in an hour. Hello. Yes. It's a pleasure to hear from you again, sir. Yes. We're very close. All right, I fed his dentals, approximate age, height, along with a rough sketch I made from the tissue markers into the DOD database. Victim had lamb about an hour before his death. Of course, it's a little overcooked now. He toasted himself. Who cares what he ate? Just doing our jobs, Booth. Big boys telling you to sweep this one under the rug? Just can the left-wing conspiracies, Hodgins. This is probably one of your nut-ball friends here on the table. Don't think so. The fabric found at the scene was cotton with synthetic polymers; dye: olive-green. This dude was wearing a military uniform. He's one of yours, not mine. Okay. His name is Devon Marshall. He served in the guard with Kent. What? He was there in Mosul the night Kent was killed. He was protesting? Marshall could have had a change of heart. It's not like support for the war is increasing. Yeah, but it also could have been survivor's guilt. The guy who saved his life didn't make it. You can't imagine what it's like carrying that around. I don't think so, Booth. There's evidence of damage on the external auditory meatus. Here and here. I'm sorry, you know, but I left my phrasebook at home. The opening in the skull where the auditory nerves feed into the brain. So we're talking ear hole. Yes. You know, they simplified these words for a reason, people. Something was jabbed into his ear. Okay, that's clear, but why? There are scrapings within the cranium and marks on the inside of the parietal and occipital. Whatever was used was pushed completely through his skull. Someone scrambled his brain, then set the fire, so there'd be no tissue left to see what had been done. Exactly. Devon Marshall didn't die in the fire. He was murdered first. Marshall was against the war. They knew he'd look like a protester, so no one would expect murder. As far as anyone knows, this is still a suicide. I want the killer to think that he got away with it, all right? He's smart. I want the edge. Okay, Zack, then magnify the marks on the cranium. Call me if you match them to any kind of weapon. You know, I'm just going to be asking his mother a few questions. You could've just stayed back there and played with your bones. I know. Just wanted to keep you company, that's all. Company? Yeah. I'm trying to be more sociable, you know. Lousy liar. I just think inside you're still military, Booth. You might be too close to this one. I just want to make sure you stay objective. I know how to do my job, okay? I was doing it just fine, long before I met you. You're angry. Well, because I have people all around me with opinions about the war who don't know what the hell they're talking about. I've been in Sudan, Rwanda, for two months, I sifted through t wreckage of 9/11, trying to help the families of the victims. All I'm saying is that this is just another case, that's all. It just... it's another case. You're not such a great liar, yourself. I'm your partner. Let me be your partner. Did he, uh, have any troubles since he came back? Any personal problems? Some days... ...I didn't know him. He used to be very outgoing, happy. But since he came back, all he did was spend time with his little sister. Take her to school, help her with her homework. Said his job now was keeping me safe. But most of the time, it was like I was taking care of him. It was like he was scared all the time. Did he, uh... did he talk, you know, to anyone else that he served with? Just Jimmy. He'd talk to him. When Jimmy wasn't in the hospital, the V.A. When he was over there, he really believed in what he was doing. He wrote us all the time, saying how good he felt seeing the people free... voting, 'cause he remembered when his grandpa was a young man... ...he didn't have the right to vote. When can I have my son back? When can I lay him to rest? Soon, mrs. Marshall. We just want to make sure we have all the facts. I know it's his sister, but it seems odd for a grown man to spend so much time with a 13-year-old. No. You come back from combat, it's still all over you. You know? You want to be around something pure. Something innocent. Adults... they want you to relive it all. They want war stories, like they're entertainment. It makes them feel better. If they hear you survived, then maybe war isn't so bad. John Wayne syndrome. Don't tell me you're going to trash the Duke now. What, are you kidding? I love the Duke. Wouldn't have guessed that one, little lady. Remember stagecoach? Listen, cowboy, courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway. What was that, the duke? That was horrible. That was like Jerry Lewis... Was not. Just a couple of quick questions, Jimmy. I- I... I can't... I can't talk about Devon now, man. I-I... I- I just can't. Why can't you leave him alone? He's got enough troubles. I understand, okay? It's... readjusting... takes time. It's different for every one of us. It sure as hell was different for Devon. He's gone, man. Son of a bitch should have never checked out on me like that. That's when Jimmy came back in here, when he heard about Devon. He was doing pretty good before that. Baby, I can't hold a job yet. I can't even provide for my family. Did you and Devon ever argue? Oh, no, we-we had to stick together. That's what it was all about. Devon would call and Jimmy would take off to meet him. Middle of dinner, playing with Sarah, it didn't matter, Jimmy would go. He needed me, Karen. Man, you served, you know what it's like when you get back. You got no one but the guys you served with. You and Devon would visit corporal Kent's grave site? It never should've happened like that, not to Kent. We would go and tell him that. We... we were sorry. We needed him to know. I understand. I don't. How did it happen, Jimmy? It doesn't matter, Bones. But, Booth... We'll see you later, okay, Jimmy?... At home. He'll be home next time, with me and the kids. Right, Jimmy? Jimmy loved that guy; he didn't kill him. Now you're a mind reader... Maybe. You want me to guess your weight? You do and you could lose a tooth. Booth, you've got to stay objective. Jimmy was one of the last people to see Devon alive. He admitted they went to the cemetery. Jimmy could've killed him. Oh, here we go. I thought you didn't like speculation. I don't. That's why I took this. Cigarette butt, to see if we can pull any DNA from it. Match it to anything he left on Devon. All right, if you got what you need, why are you giving me such grief? Because... I thought you could've been a little tougher in there. I'm tough. Most of the time. Do you always have to get the last word in? I like to, yeah. Booth. Son of a bitch. Hank! Hey! How the hell are you, man? Oh, great; just got some new wheels. Ah, sweet ride. Hank Lutrell, dr. Temperance Brennan. Oh, the bone lady. That's me. Oh, I heard you two were working together. Booth and I were in the same unit in Kosovo. Hey, you've got to come over for dinner or Jennie and the kids'll keep asking about you. Yeah, I'd love to. I'll call, we'll make it a date, okay? Great, I gotta roll. I've got to be in court at 3:00. They can't start without the judge. Hey, uh, call me or I'm gonna kick your ass. What happened to him? He got hurt. There are signs of additional damage on c-1 at the base of the skull. This mark couldn't have come from the assault inside the cranium. I just think that you should be aware that Booth went through something over there. So I'm not supposed to tell the truth? Truth? It's opinion, Jack. It looks like a dimple in the bone... could be genetic. There were no WMDs. That's the truth. Every major intelligence agency in the world thought there were. We should get magnifications of the area to determine what else could have caused it. Are you defending what's going on over there? No, mistakes were made... obviously. Yeah, like establishing military bases over there instead of investing a fraction of what this war costs into alternative energy projects. Nothing is that simple. To me, it is... we're ruled by the corporate oligarchy. Face it. There's also some discoloration here. You should do some scrapings to see what it might be. You want to make the world a better place, Jack? Try shutting your yap long enough to hear something other than the sound of your own voice. Hey, where are you going?... The scrapings? Huh? Oh, yeah. I thought we were having a good time. It's a pleasure to finally meet you, dr. Brennan. You've helped us with some casualties we never thought we'd be able to I.D. Someday maybe I won't be needed. That's what we all hope. Captain Fuller, give agent Booth and dr. Brennan all the help they need. Yes, sir. Please. So this is your third tour in Iraq, captain? Yes, a national guard unit can be difficult to lead. Nothing against the guard, but usually they're inexperienced, shortchanged on equipment. But Kent's unit, they were one of the best I ever had. And Devon Marshall? Marshall was a good soldier. But after he came back, he seemed to turn against the military, saw us as the problem over there. You must have known men like that. Some people just aren't cut out for it. Like Jimmy Merton. Jimmy's been having some troubles, but he still supports us. Both Marshall and Jimmy seem like they had trouble getting over corporal Kent's death. Any idea why it was so tough for them? I mean, tougher than usual? We were on a patrol in Mosul. Intel reports indicated there were insurgents in this neighborhood. We were canvassing the area. Private Campbell, she stayed in the humvee as the unit headed toward a small house up the street. There were five of us. Kent, Marshall, Merton, Lefferts and myself. It was a small house, two rooms. I looked through a slat and saw three insurgents in the back room, one a woman. The men had AK-47s. I sent Kent and Lefferts to cover the back, so no one could run. I was getting the others into position when one of the insurgents must have spotted Kent. I heard the pop, pop, pop of the enemy AK-47. Kent made entry to take them out before they could get to the rest of us. Lefferts followed him in while we were kicking in the front door. When we got to them, Kent had already been killed taking out the insurgents. A sight like that stays with you. For two part-timers like that, I guess it was too much. But whatever Marshall was trying to do, desecrating Kent's grave, Kent saved the unit. Marshall can't take that away. Devon Marshall was murdered, captain. God... any bad blood between him and Jimmy Merton? Not that I know of. We only have the after-action summary of the incident. I'd like to have the full report, Kent's autopsy, the photographs you took of the scene, and any other evidence that exists. You'll have whatever you need. I thought we were keeping the murder to ourselves. He's the company commander, Bones. He's a decorated officer. And you think a soldier wouldn't kill someone? Oh, suddenly it's your job to question the motives of everyone who serves?... No, it's my job to solve a murder. Yours, too. Treat him like you would anyone else involved in an investigation. You're not in the military anymore, Booth. I will find out who killed Devon Marshall. That's all you need to know. How's Booth doing? He's angry. I think I said some things. Sweetie... He wasn't being objective. I just had to get him to focus. You have to think before you speak. Why? I can say anything to you without thinking about it first. Yeah, men aren't like us. They're much more fragile and needy. The fact that they think we're the needy ones is a testament to our superiority. Yeah, I guess I forgot. Dr. Brennan, the military delivered all the paperwork you requested. Private Kent's autopsy report is careless and incomplete. There was no incision, no X-rays, so there's no way to confirm the amount of bullets that he was hit with. The ME Marked seven entry points, but the report says there were only six bullets. I could've done better with a crayola. Medical records are done on the fly in combat situations. That doesn't mean that they're falsified. Booth, the report is a mess. Ange, I'd like you to input these photographs and enhance them for as much detail as possible. I couldn't salvage much flesh from Marshall's ear but I'm sending anything useful up to pathology to see if they can match anything with the DNA they pulled from Jimmy Merton's cigarette. Were you really mad before? Why, because of your strident, paranoid ramblings? I'm guessing mad. Fair enough. Can I at least give you some material to read? You could try. But you'd walk funny for a week. I'd better work on these scrapings for Zack. This is a murder. We know Devon would visit Kent's grave, Jimmy said, to apologize. He knew something about Kent, Booth. Something these reports will never tell us. So what do you want to do? I want to exhume Charles Kent. Exhume a war hero? Do you have any idea what you're asking? It's the only way we'll realy know what happened to him. You have the report... Which is sloppy and incomplete. He is supposed to be honored this week, Bones, not humiliated. Doesn't Devon Marshall deserve as much respect and honor as Kent? I'm sorry, Bones, I can't let you do this. I'm not asking for your permission, Booth. I can get the court order on my own. I was just kind of hoping for your support. Agent Booth, I'm Tina Kent. Yes, ma'am, I'm very sorry. You know, this is his silver star... I know how much you hate this, Booth. Let's just get it over with, all right? Okay, I want a full set of X-rays and a clear picture of all fracture patterns. And a tox screen and analysis of any particulates in the wounds. DOD wants this done fast. They want this out of the press as soon as possible. It will take the time it takes to do properly. Can you run scenarios on the angles and the entry order of the shots? Yeah, I should be able to give you something. I know we don't see eye to eye on a lot of stuff, because, you know, politically, I think we live in an orwellian nightmare, due to... What... what are you trying to say? Just... I'm sorry, man. I really am. Only X-ray with I-1 through 4 and the left scapula. Ah, he's just a kid. It's always the young. Anthropologists have theorized that wars break out when there's an increase in the population of unmarried men under the age of 25 I'm sorry. I need to create a distance from the victim. It's how I deal; I didn't mean... Just... you know what, do what you have to do. I'm going to go do my thing. I- I-I should've been with Kent. M- maybe I could've shelded him, you know? But-but the captain, he put me and Devon on the front door. By the time we got to Kent, it-it was too late. And what did you see from where you were? Oh, no, come on, man; I don't need to go through that again. Okay, the captain told you. You read the report. Come on, Jimmy. Please. All right? This is for Kent. And Devon. It was the first action we saw. Man, nobody was ready. We were outside the front door, sweating in the heat, just waiting. What was the first thing you heard? First... was the pop, pop, pop from the enemy AK-47. Then all hell broke loose. We broke down the door, we made entry, and those people, the iraqi ones, they were already dead when we got to the back room... Kent, too. Lefferts, standing over him all freaked. Man, we were all freaked, man. These were real people, you know? Did you see them firing on Kent?... No. But like I said, it took time to kick in the door and push through to the back room. If I got there faster, I'd... there was nothing I could do, you know? I swear. The X-rays show that six of the bullets are still in the remains. I need to see which entries were fatal. Anything more on Devon Marshall? We're still working on the bone dimple in his neck. Okay, set up a tray so we can start extracting the bullets. Did you find anything in the wounds that might have changed the trajectory of the bullets? Not yet. Just residual sesquioxide and silica accumulation, a little decayed organic matter, probably food that was on the floor. So... Thank you. Look, Angela... I run on sometimes, I know. I guess I think if I yell loud enough, maybe someone will listen. Yeah, you have to be careful people don't go deaf. You know, what you did for Booth before, showing him you understood? That was good. Everyone hears something like that. I joined the guard 'cause they helped pay for medical school. All my life, I wanted to be a doctor. That's all I ever wanted. I never thought I'd get sent overseas, much less Iraq. Your service record is exemplary. I survived. That's my achievement. Look, I'm sorry to do this, ms. Campbell, I'm just trying to reconstruct the night of the firefight. I was parked in the alley. The captain told me to stay in the humvee... women aren't supposed to engage in direct combat. He took the unit to the house. The street was quiet. I was waiting, then I heard the "pop, pop, pop"of the AK-47. Then Kent and Lefferts firing. The captain and the others breaking down the door. Then everything stopped... and went quiet again. Then the captain came back, told me Kent had been hit. He knew I was a med student, so he sent me in while he radioed for a medevac. As an intern... I've seen a lot of horrible things... but when it's your friend... someone you serve with... Been in the guard for years- didn't think I'd ever get called up again. I mean, I'm 45. Just not enough men for this mess. Look, mr. Lefferts, if we could just... We were 22 hours into a 12-hour detail. You try that when it's a 110 degrees out. They called me "dad" because I was the old guy. Kent was the kid. Captain sent us around back. I was supposed to look out for him. It got like I really was the damn kid's father. Kent was gung-ho, you know? Would've fought the whole damn war himself. So... he sees something move inside. Something shines off the light... a barrel, he says. Then we hear people moving around, somebody coming towards us from inside. Then somebody fires. What did it sound like... the shots? It was like a "pop, pop, pop". Then Kent rushes in, sees the first guy, blows him away. Wasn't supposed to go in by himself, so I rush in and I take out the last guy. And then it all stops. And when it does... Kent is lying there. I can't believe it. I'm-I'm-I'm... staring down at Kent... and then the others, they ask,"what happened, dad?" "Dad, what happened?" And I'm... and I'm staring down at Kent like he really is my kid. I'm a lawyer! A damn lawyer. I shouldn't have been there. None of us should've been there. Their stories don't line up. You said the events seem consistent. Exactly. We've got a group of traumatized soldiers who all managed to say the same words to describe the first shots: "Pop, pop, pop". It was rehearsed. They're hiding something... That makes sense. Something Devon knew about. Yeah, and someone else didn't want to get out. That's all of them. The way the blood pooled around the bullets, these three were the ones that killed him. But these rounds aren't from an AK-47. These are. Well, they didn't kill him; circulation had stopped by the time these bullets hit. Right, the ones that killed him were from an M-14... 14. Those... are from our weapons. Friendly fire. Oh, God. Booth... You know what? Let's just find out who did this, all right? Not all personnel in a unit carry the same weapons. We have to find out who was issued the M-14. Lefferts was the only one issued an M-14. So Kent runs into the house firing, the insurgents fire back. Lefferts follows Kent in, Lefferts is shooting and he kills Kent. And Devon wanted to tell the truth, but Lefferts, you know, he's got a successful legal practice, too much to lose. Lefferts kills Devon. "I shot Kent that night. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, but I can't live with it anymore". His assistant says he was out of town the night that Devon Marshall died. He couldn't have killed him. The murderer is still out there, Booth. Devon Marshall was too badly burned. Hodgins couldn't get enough usable tissue to match the DNA from Jimmy Merton's cigarette. So the one person who had a motive killed himself, but he couldn't have killed Marshall. The M.E. confirm suicide? Yeah. Plus, no one was in or out of the office. He definitely killed himself. But we still have no idea who killed Devon Marshall. Agent Booth? Mr. Kent. This is dr. Brennan. I know. I'm sorry I exhumed your son, sir, but we needed... No, please, thank you. It's important for us to find out how he died. You want to sit? No. I- I just wanted to ask... There are so many conflicting stories. Now the captain says he can't talk to us. I just wanted to ask you to find the truth. My wife and I can't live not knowing what happened to Charlie. We need the truth. Of course. I can't talk to the family. There's an ongoing investigation. That's convenient. Bones... What? And you had no idea this was a friendly fire incident? If I had, don't you think I would have reported it? There are so many inconsistencies in the report, captain, it just seems like... You're good at your job, dr. Brennan, but you don't know the first thing about combat. We were taking fire, one of my men was killed, the area wasn't secured. Do you think I'm counting bullets and drawing pictures? You've been through it. Does it ever go the way you want it to? Is it ever the way it should be in combat? We have to ask these questions, it's a murder investigation. You understand that?... And I'll cooperate any way I can. I don't want any more of my men to die, either. Now, if there's nothing else? Got something. A splinter pattern. Particles of wood were blown back into one of the exit wounds from the AK-47s. The missing bullet. But he wasn't leaning against wood when he was shot. He was in the middle of the room. No, he was on the floor. Someone stood over him and squeezed off some rounds from an AK-47 after he was already dead. The missing round passed through him and into the wood floor. Yeah, but all the insurgents had already been killed. And they were the only ones with the AK-47s. I hate to say "conspiracy," but, my peeps, we've got a conspiracy. Someone wanted to cover up the friendly fire incident by making it look like he was killed by the insurgents. Angela, enhance all the pictures of the aftermath so we can see body positions, bullet holes, damage to the house. I want to reconstruct what happened that night. Look at the two of us. You with a badge, me in the courtroom. Both trying to find justice. That's why we fought, right? That's what they told us. What, you don't believe it? Sure I do. You don't look like you do. You're not gambling again, are you? No, man. No, I've been good. You know, I've been going to my meetings. Haven't even played a game of monopoly. Hey, listen, hank, um, I got this case. Charles Kent. Uh... it was friendly fire. Oh, God. Yeah. Covered up. Two other members of the squad are dead. One murdered. You know, whatever went down must have been pretty ugly. Hey... you know, Hank, you know what, uh, you know what- what we did? Don't go there, Booth. Was it worth it? I mean, look at you. You saved my life. I got a great family because of you. Yeah, but, I mean, why was it always secret? We were given a choice. They always gave us a choice. Yeah, but that last time... Well... you knew what was at stake. Yeah, yeah. You never talked to anybody about it? You've got to. How about your girlfriend, that doctor? No. You know, she's... you know, she's just my partner. You know, look, I... I got work. I should go. Sure. Uh, we're on for Sunday dinner, right? Yeah. Okay. Sunday. I want to see all the walls. Can you scan them for bullet holes? Okay, single out the ones that came from Lefferts' weapon. This is hard for Booth. He's idealistic. Oh. It's nice to know somebody that wants to keep honor and responsibility alive. I feel like Booth thinks I'm taking that away from him. Okay, it says, insurgent a opened fire when he saw Kent, and Kent took him out. Let's see A again. You're just doing your job. He knows that. I guess. Magnify his hands. What are you looking for? Well, his hands are splayed like he was shielding himself from the rounds coming at him. Cadaveric spasm. The muscles became rigid when he died. He might not have been holding that weapon. What do you mean? Show me insurgent B. I tell Booth we're on the same side. I'm not the one who's disillusioning him. It's my findings. But when I look at him, I... ...I don't know what else I can do. I do. Ange... As a friend, Brennan. Yeah, that whole friends with benefits thing... that's... that's not happening. I'm not talking about that. I'm- I'm talking about being there for him, knowing when a- a simple touch is enough. Maybe I could write him a note. I can be very articulate on paper. Zoom in. Okay, magnify the blood smear. Well, you can see by the smear he was moved, turned, that gun placed next to him. Okay, show me C. Okay, this is the third insurgent woman, about 40, holding the unexploded grenade in her hand. Magnify her torso. Wait. She's lying on a dinner plate. The serving spoon is next to her. She'd been holding it when she was shot. And a grenade?! Found anything yet? Yeah. None of these people were armed when Kent went in there. All of the weapons were planted on them after they died. Fuller's unit killed an unarmed family. Kent shot unarmed people? They look like a family... About to sit down to dinner. Were there any other questionable operations with this unit? None. They served another six months without incident. How could something like this have happened? Woman could've heard him. She was on her way to the back door. Kent probably thought the spoon was a weapon. A spoon?! It's dark. It happens. He's inexperienced, he's scared out of his mind. You only have an instant to make a choice. Kent probably thought he was being attacked, so he burst through the door. From the spray pattern, he was shooting as he entered. He must've killed the woman first, the others as they rushed to the woman to help. He probably thought they were attacking, too. Lefferts hears all the firing, he goes in. Kent turns, weapon still pointed, Lefferts shoots, killing Kent. It all happens in seconds. But if Kent turned to face him... It doesn't matter. I mean, after all the shooting, all Lefferts sees is a weapon pointed right at him. He just reacted. God... Yeah. So this was more than a friendly fire incident. Hell of a lot more. You son of a bitch! You covered up the whole thing. Stand down, agent Booth. They were innocents. I don't know what you've heard, but my report clearly states... We've taken your report apart. We have the facts, captain. Your squad blew away a family of innocents! Kent! Kent did! A kid so green he never should've been there in the first place. Do you know what that town was like? Our guys were getting blown up by IEDs every day while we were trying to build hospitals and schools. A mistake was made. No one likes it. But you know it happens. If it got out what we did, that neighborhood, the whole damn city, would've exploded. What would you have done? Would you have let the city burn? This can't come out, agent Booth. Don't make this any harder, with an ugly story like this. I don't know what you're fighting for, Fuller, but it sure as hell wasn't my country. We'll start with obstruction of justice. You have no jurisdiction on this base... But we do, captain. And we're cooperating fully with agent Booth. You will not disgrace us, captain. You will be held accountable. Devon Marshall's killer is still out there. Fuller placed some confiscated weapons on the Iraqis, pressured the others to be quiet, but he still has an alibi for the night of Marshall's murder. Zack found some discoloration on Devon's vertebra. It was caused by residue left from pethidine, an opiate affectionately known as demerol. Someone jabbed a syringe into his neck, creating the indentation in the bone. He would have been unconscious in seconds. That's why the instrument could have been placed into his ear without a struggle. It was a nine-inch surgical curette like this. So we're looking for someone with access to surgical tools and prescription drugs. Someone the army sent to medical school. All done. He was going to tell. I... it's like the war was still going on. I was just trying to survive. Forward, march! My boy was just trying to do the right thing. Thank you for letting people see that. You can be proud of him. I would never have expected to see that. Well, people always surprise you. That hasn't always been my experience. I've done some things. I know. No, no, you don't. But it's okay. Well, not... nots a secret. It's not. I have to be, uh... honest... about myself. I- I- I have to be able tell someone. You will in time, Booth. You will. I was sent to Kosovo. There was this serb general... Radik... who led a unit... who would go into villages and, you know, destroy them. Women, children, all... all killed because he wanted to ethnically purify his country. He'd done this twice before. I mean, we had facts. Proof. 232 people... just erased. I was the... sniper... sent in to stop him. He was set to leave in a couple of hours. It was his son's... son's birthday. A little boy, maybe about six or seven. I can still hear the music from the party, you know, that song is just... just playing in my head. Nobody knew where the shot came from, but, you know, they knew why it came. They said I saved over a hundred people... but, you know, that little boy, who didn't know who his father was, who just... who just loved him... he saw him die... fall to the ground... right in front of him. That little boy, all covered with his daddy's blood. Just changed forever.