She's the author of the best-selling mystery novel Bred in the Bone. And she's also-- now, tell me if I get this wrong-- an anthropologist who works with the FBI to solve crimes? Yes, that's correct. I use the bones of people who have been murdered or burned, or blown up, or eaten by animals or insects, or just decomposed... Well, that's exciting. Uh, Dr. Brennan, your book has sold over 300,000 copies. How do you juggle twin careers as a best-selling author and crime-fighting scientist? Well, I do one then the other. And is the work enjoyable? I mean, the part involving rotten bodies? Enjoyable? Satisfying, yes, like cracking a code, but in general, when you're looking at someone who has been brutally murdered, it's complicated. ( <i>laughing</i> ): 'Cause I just thought, you know, ugh. Doesn't leave you much time for a personal life, does it? It's true I'm more focused on my career right now. Most of our viewers are parents, home with their pre-school age children. What will you tell your kids about the horrors that you see every day? I'm not going to have any children. Really? Yes, really. Do you have any advice for budding authors out there? Well, the first thing they should have is an idea, and then... Well, first you need something to write with. They-they know that. Well, obviously, you need a writing instrument and you need an idea. I'm just not sure which should come first. The book is <i>Bred in the Bone,</i> by Dr. Temperance Brennan. Next up after the break, wicker, the new leather. But is it safe for your children? How was I? We'll talk about it on the way. On the way where? State troopers called in the fire department to put out a burning car, and they found a body in the driver's seat. License plate and the VIN are missing. Why is the FBI involved? BOOTH: Well, one burned backpack, child-sized sneaker, plus the right side rear seat belt went missing. Sliced away. You think it was a kidnapping? I have to act that way. The first 48 hours after a child abduction are crucial. That's why you're here. You ID that victim, maybe that tells me what kid I'm looking for. Sync:FRM-lanmao -=http://www.1000fr.com=-</font> Sync:FRM-lanmao -=http://www.1000fr.com=-</font> ADDY: Shoe size four. It's a school bag, but the contents are burned beyond recognition. What about the human remains? Victim was female. Her skull shows combined Caucasoid and Mongoloid features. Also, preauricular sulcus to the pelvis shows the victim gave birth five to eight years ago. The kidnapping victim could be her child. Maxillary molars have been pulled and replaced with removable dentures, lots of gold. In parts of the Caucasus, when girls from wealthy families turn 16, they are given gold teeth as a display of affluence. I'll dissolve a bicuspid in nitric acid and do a chemical work-up. There's something lodged in the larynx. Part of her tongue? Not fleshy enough for tongue-- this is cartilage. GOODMAN: Dr. Brennan, Mr. Addy, this is Ms. Pickering. She's performing a security review for the State Department. One man's security review is another man's witch hunt. That would be Dr. Jack Hodgins. It would be, yes. You know us all, don't you, Ms. Pickering? Or is it Agent Pickering from the National Security Agency? I don't yet know you as well as I will, Dr. Hodgins. Is something burning? ADDY: Not anymore. She's pretty much extinguished by now. Ms. Pickering will require a few minutes of everyone's time to perform a routine security review. I expect everyone to be cooperative. I'm not swearing any damn loyalty oath. And civil. BRENNAN: Send this to Dr. Chen in Pathology. Ask him to identify it as soon as possible. Dr. Brennan? Yes, security check, civil. Zack will grind a segment of the femur, so you can perform trace element analysis. Didn't I see you on television this morning, Dr. Brennan? How could I possibly know what you watched on television? Booth, I have to talk to you. Yeah, it was definitely her. Maybe work your way up to Dr. Brennan. BOOTH: How close are you to IDing the burn victim? I may be jumping the gun, but... That's music to my ears. Well, considering this 48-hour thing, we should be looking at Eastern European immigrants going back, say, ten years. I can get that information for you. Angela doing a facial reconstruction? Yes. You know, if this works, I'm gonna buy you a puppy. That would be inadvisable. You never told me how I was this morning. I asked you, "How did I do?" and you said, "We'll talk about it in the car," but we didn't. This was your first TV interview? Yes. It was fine, you know... for your first interview. Well, that was a qualified response. What? No. It was lively, yeah. Lively? What kind of word is that? It's an adjective, though, ironically, most words that end in "ly" are adverbs. Like "ironically." Okay, what did I do wrong? Maybe next time, tell a funny story. Oh, and never say you don't like children. I didn't say I don't <i>like</i> children. I just said I don't want any. On TV, it's the same thing. The victim's skull was in good shape, no real shrinkage from the fire. Okay, I'm running a comparison between the facial reconstruction and the photos in the immigration database. I hear we're all going to get grilled by some mysterious government chick. I've been through this before. It's so we can work on classified cases. CIA, military... You have something to hide? Better believe it, bucko. What kind of something? The best kind. There, that one. Okay. It's a good match. Polina Rozalina Semov, born 1970, Cherdyn, Perm district of the Urals. She immigrated to the U.S. in '94 with her sister Maria, married Carl Decker. They live in Cleveland Park. Children? Donovan Dimitri Decker, born 1997. He's eight years old. BRENNAN: Polina and Carl separated three months ago. Separate addresses for Mom and Dad. Well, we know that Mom is in a drawer in your lab. Let's go find Dad. You arrest someone really small lately? Car seat in the back. Oh. I had Parker for the weekend. Don't know how you do that. Install a car seat in an FBI vehicle? Bring a kid into this world, knowing what you know. Oh, but Parker was an accident, right? Because his mother wouldn't marry you? ( <i>chuckles</i> ) What? It never occurred to you that that might be a sensitive topic? Well, you could have gone with the very small felon story. I'm better for Parker being in the world. Someday, you will see that. No, I won't. You'll change your mind. I don't do that. You will. Yeah, maybe after I see how Carl Decker reacts when you tell him his wife is dead and his child has been kidnapped. Well, statistically speaking, we're going to find Donovan with his dad. What? Why? Why? Because most kidnappings happen by estranged spouses. Ah, you're certainly making the whole domestic scene more and more attractive. This is it? Yep, this is the correct address. You just hang back and let me do all the talking, okay? Mr. Decker. Bones, what are you doing? What? Oh, it's tidy, Spartan even. Is that odd for a recently separated man? Guy's supposed to be some super-rational tight-ass geek. No offense. There's no TV, no magazines, no art, no stereo. There's dust on everything. I don't think he's been here in a while. Where are you going? Booth? Where are you going? FBI! U.S. Marshals! U.S. Marshals? Forensic anthropologist! That's why no gun. Well, at least nobody got shot. Probably 'cause she didn't have a gun. Sir, why is Carl Decker's home being watched by U.S. Marshals? Carl Decker is a federal witness under Witness Protection. He's scheduled to appear before a grand jury in two days. Is it a mob thing? Decker designs body armor for KBC Systems. He says they knowingly sent defective armor to Iraq. The Justice Department believes him, so they moved him to a safe house. Does the Justice Department think that Decker's in danger from the company? He thinks he is. They want him to testify, they play along. BOOTH: Well, does Decker know that his wife has been killed, and his child's been kidnapped? No, and they don't want him to know. Why? Because it might prevent him from testifying. CULLEN: Their point of view: there's nothing to be gained from him knowing. BRENNAN: Except, maybe Decker chooses not to testify, and they don't kill his son. Shouldn't that be his decision? CULLEN: Justice estimates that KBC Systems is directly responsible for 30 deaths and hundreds of injuries. They're taking the larger view. It's complicated. His wife is dead, and his child is missing. That's not so complicated. No one's stopping you from investigating those crimes. He's a material witness, I need access to him. CULLEN: Well, we know Decker didn't kill his wife. He was in custody of U.S. Marshals. So start looking someplace else. Harsh reality, Booth. Deal with it. What, does he not like me? I don't know. BRENNAN: I'll stay on Polina Decker's remains, see if that leads somewhere. BOOTH: Yeah, I'll talk to the victims' families. At least the ones who aren't under federal protection. You think a corporation would actually kill a woman and kidnap her child? Billions in dollars, plus civil suits if they're found guilty? I've seen people killed for 50 bucks. You believe the boy is already dead? I have to assume that he isn't. Why make that assumption? Because it gives me something to look forward to instead of dread. Given the choice, I avoid dread. Okay, that's logical. Is it? Why dread something that hasn't happened yet? Yeah. ADDY: That piece of cartilage we found in Polina's mouth? Antihelix and meatus remnants. It's an ear? Chen says it was bitten off. The victim bit off one of her attacker's ears. I heard someone found a fingertip in their chili once. Dr. Chen also found vestiges of earwax. Okay, get that wax to Hodgins, see what he can find. BOY: Why do I have to learn to ride a bike? Are you really asking? Or are you just stalling? Mm, stalling. Yeah, I thought so. Why'd you stop? What are we hoping to learn from this tape? We know Carl Decker didn't kidnap his own child. The mother is dead, and the boy... And the boy might be dead, too. Well, I'm just wondering, what is the benefit of watching this tape? You put faces to names, you get a sense of human beings. Oh, come on, Bones. You're the anthropologist. What does this tape tell you? Learning to ride a bicycle is a kind of rite of passage. It has anthropological significance. Really? It carries meaning beyond the simple mechanics of learning to ride a bike. Are you being psychological? Definitely not. Psychology is about the individual. I'm speaking to a set of cultural praxis and mores. What the hell are you talking about? The father is tight-- he's holding his arms, touching his mouth. So he's nervous. So what? Look at the boy. He's relaxed. He's-He's not afraid. Well, so, then why was the boy stalling, huh? He's not. The father is. The son understands that on some level. And he's enabling his father to reach some level of comfort. It's a symbiotic relationship. Relationship. Ha! That's psychology. The boy trusts his father absolutely. He's confident. The father wishes he didn't have to do this, but he's accepted that he must in his role as the father. What? Probably the same way Decker felt about being a whistle-blower. That's psychology, and it's of no use to us in this current investigation. Just push play, okay? All right, ready? Okay. WOMAN: Be careful, Donnie. Don't make him nervous, Polina. Push me, Dad. Let go. Let go! Not yet. Let me go, Dad! Let me go! POLINA: Not yet! Run along with him, Carl. DONOVAN: I can do it! ( <i>laughing</i> ): He's doing it. He's doing it. Be careful. Be careful! How will we get him back, Carl? That's the real question now, isn't it, Bones, huh? How do we get the boy back? WOMAN: They left this morning, very early, about 5:00 a.m. Donovan is on the swim team. Oh, my God... You and your sister were close? Yes. When Polina and Carl separated, she and Donovan came to stay with me. This is terrible. Can you think of anyone who'd want to hurt your sister? It must be Carl. Maybe he was afraid she would take Donovan away from him. Would she have done that? No. Never. You don't like your brother-in-law? He's supposed to be brilliant, I know. But he is also cold, angry. Everything has to be just so. Why did Carl and your sister separate? Polina said he was having affair. I thought, "Who'd want him?" But she found credit card receipts from a motel he went to once, sometimes twice a week. When she confronted Carl, he was furious, wouldn't talk about it. So, she left him. ( <i>crying</i> ): Please find Donovan. Find my sister's boy. I found cracks in the victim's upper incisors. There are also bilateral fractures in the femoral necks. There are similar fractures in the proximal humeral heads. The result of the body going into spasm as it burned? Well, if she was burned alive. I'll have Angela run some scenarios. Angela's in her security review. PICKERING: 25 addresses in six countries in eight years. That's weird, right? What were you doing in all those places? Different things. Mostly looking. I'm an artist. When was the last time you saw your husband? My husband? Yes. Oh! You mean that actually took? Really, it didn't seem legal. We were in Fiji. You know, there was a fire dance. You know how those things can be, right? I really don't, Ms. Montenegro. Right. Do you like working here? Sometimes, yeah. Not always. But there's also a sense of accomplishment, and Brennan needs me here, so I feel a-a personal connection there, but, you know, the world's a big place. Frankly, I'm-I'm emotionally ambivalent on the subject. Was that the wrong answer? I should be more, "Oh, this is the best job in the world, and I'm proud to serve my country," right? Right? Am I going too fast here? I mean, am I treating you too much like a therapist? Do you want to stop? Actually, 'cause we could pick this up later if you're... Yeah. Carl Decker is not only a disgruntled employee, he's, uh, uh... What-What's the term? As a lawyer, the, uh, legal term is, nuts and a pain in the ass. Oppositional Defiance Disorder and paranoia is what I read. Like I said, nuts and a pain in the ass. Read where? Paranoia? You read that where? You had Carl Decker investigated? He's making extremely damaging allegations against the company. False allegations. Can you think of anyone who'd want to kill his wife and kidnap his son? It wasn't us. I didn't say it was. Oh, please. We have to top your list of suspects. Look, we-we have an in-house system for dealing with whistle-blowers. We encourage it. I served in Vietnam, Agent Booth. I saw what soldiers see. If I read you correctly, you know what I mean. Army. 75th Regiment. Rangers lead the way. I would never risk the lives of soldiers by knowingly providing them with defective armor, and I welcome Carl Decker's appearance at the grand jury, because he is wrong. Carl Decker did brilliant work for us, but he alienated everyone he worked with. You should look for your murderer and kidnapper elsewhere. Where have you been? I'm a field agent. I was out in the field. What did you find out? There was a piece of an ear in the victim's mouth. It looks like she bit it off. The ear could tell us something. Have you found anything? A lot. No reason for the attitude. Well, I beg your pardon? Well, it's not like you've been doing all the work, and I've just been kicking back. Okay, what have you found out? The victim and her husband were having marital problems. She found motel receipts. I got the security tapes from the motel parking lot. I thought Angela could use her fat recognition program on them. Mass recognition program. Whatever, maybe we'll be able to find out who Decker was seeing behind his wife's back. Is Angela in her office? ADDY: According to the FBI pathologist, there was no smoke in the victim's lungs. BRENNAN: Meaning? The victim was already dead when she was burned. There was clotting in the lungs, as well. That's troublesome. If the fire was hot enough... No, for clotting to occur, superheated air would have to be drawn into the lungs. Which wouldn't happen if she was already dead. Something else caused the clotting. Angela's ready with the tapes. The broken teeth could have resulted from particularly violent seizures. Epilepsy? There are several alternate causes of acute tonic muscular contractions. Poisoning, a precipitous drop in blood sugar... Would this be a good time to speak with Mr. Addy? BRENNAN: Considering you had to interrupt him to ask, probably not. Take Hodgins. I demand a lawyer. I don't need Dr. Hodgins. I need Mr. Addy. If I demand a lawyer, will I get out of it, too? In that case, we all demand lawyers. I'll wait for Mr. Addy. Why aren't you interviewing me? It won't be necessary. I knew it. They think my dossier is complete. They think they know everything about me. Well, they're wrong. Be happy they're leaving you alone. Yeah, I'm happy. Don't worry, I'm happy. The ear you found-- there's-there's no way it's her-her own ear, right? How could it be her ear? That's what I'm saying. What? It's definitely not her ear. How could she bite off her own ear? Chromosome tests make it a male ear. Seizures? ADDY: Seizures could be due to low blood sugar, electrocution, infection, head injury, uh, brain tumor, a sudden lack of oxygen in the brain... Electrocution. What? BRENNAN: The broken teeth, the fractures, the clots in her lungs. She was electrocuted. That much damage to the teeth could only result from multiple violent spasms. Dozens. She was tortured. For what? ??? You should at least pretend to interview me. Dr. Hodgins, your file is complete. How is that possible? No one from the State Department has interviewed me in two years. No one from the State Department has <i>ever</i> interviewed you. Right, yeah, let's play it your way. Six months ago, your cousin was appointed to a very high posting in the government. My cousin with the bad rug? It doesn't affect his security clearance. It should. It demonstrates a complete denial of reality. Appointed to what very high posting? That's classified. In what part of the government, or is that classified, as well? As a potential embarrassment, you were thoroughly checked out. What kind of embarrassment? You are a conspiracy buff, Dr. Hodgins. You're paranoid. Okay, okay, so, you're telling me that my toe-chewing, moron cousin was appointed to a secret post in a secret part of the government you can't tell me about, so you compiled a secret dossier on me, but I'm the one who's paranoid? We don't use the word "dossier." What was the finding? I still work here, so... Harmless. Harmless? I'm harmless? Yes. You do not pose a viable threat. Well, that's just... insulting. If you want me to interview you, I will. But I'll only discover what we already know. You are benign. I am not benign, lady. I'm not harmless. I'm malignant. I'm a loaded cannon. I know things that would curdle your blood, including a formula that literally curdles blood. She's wrong. I'm dangerous. Carl Decker is 1.7 meters tall and weighs 58.2 kilograms. An ultra-marathoner. Be glad he's so lean. It should make him easier to find. Not him. I talked to Pickering. Was it awful? Actually, I found it cathartic. BOOTH: Well, his head's down. What do you think? No. He doesn't move like a runner. She knows a lot about us. It's creepy. It's confidential. Couldn't you get the file? Probably. Then it's not confidential. That's him. That's Carl Decker. Fast forward. See if he shows up with anyone else. Back up. Freeze on that guy. Can you zoom in? MONTENEGRO: Hmm. A secret life can cause marital strife. He was having an affair with a man? All right, simmer down. For all we know, he's meeting a hit man. Doesn't look like a hit man. Just print the picture. I'll put the word out, see if he's in any of the Bureau databases. And when we find him? Haul him in, check to see if he's got both ears. Let you know what happens. Could we start, please? Anytime. I can do two things at once. Mr. Addy, I require your full attention. No, you don't. But I'll give it to you. What I have to do here is establish that you are not a threat to the security of this country. I'm getting a degree in forensic anthropology. I'm halfway through another in engineering. What are you afraid I'll do? Build a race of criminal robots who'll destroy the Earth? Do you have that kind of fantasy often? Very often. Does it concern you that such adolescent thoughts are a sign of emotional retardation? I've been told. I'm working on it. Can you understand why that concerns us? Not really. Hypothetically: you have a piece of information... Secret and meaningful information? Yes. And the security of the country's at stake. Could I bribe you to give it to me? No. Threaten you? No. What if I made a reasonable, rational argument, very persuasive? Merely persuasive? Irrefutable. I make an irrefutable argument as to why you should give me this piece of information. Would you do so? Not without checking with Dr. Brennan or Angela first, see what they said, maybe Agent Booth, if he'd talk to me. He probably wouldn't. I'd check with Dr. Hodgins, but he'd say it was all part of some conspiracy, so I mostly only take his advice on women. 480 volts, 350 amps. I beg your pardon. It's sort of secret information I probably shouldn't tell you. Any other questions? BOOTH: Good work, sir. I only posted his face on the hot sheet 20 minutes ago. My boss is the United States Attorney General. You're not doing my career any good putting me on the hot list. Special Agent Seeley Booth, meet Assistant U.S. Attorney Ken Weeks. I was hoping you'd turn out to be gay or have only one ear. Yeah, I get the gay thing a lot because I'm so cute, but the one-ear thing, that's unique to you. You're Carl Decker's Justice Department handler? Carl Decker was my prime witness against KBC Systems. BOOTH: Was? You get fired 'cause we caught you on some motel surveillance cam? They lost him. A material witness for a specially-convened grand jury, and you lost him? The guy's pretty smart. Genius level. Do you have any idea what it's like to interact with those types of people? Yeah, a little. So what made him run? Decker insisted upon talking to his son every day. This morning, we couldn't put him in touch with Donovan. He panicked and ran. The marshals will find him. BOOTH: Doesn't matter, he won't testify, not after he finds out about his wife and his child. You might as well pack up that grand jury and send everybody home. Look, I get the chance, I'll give him the "don't let your wife die in vain" speech. Who knows, it might work. BOOTH: Weeks, you think this company is capable of putting a hit out on Decker? Kill his wife, kidnap his kid? KBC Systems sent our boys into battle with faulty body armor. In my book, you can do that, you can do anything. If Decker's as smart as they say, how will they catch him? Forget Decker. Our job is to find his son. If Decker doesn't show up to testify... We can't assume they'd let the boy live. Surely KBC isn't going... Bones, we don't know who hired these guys-- KBC, military, disgruntled shareholders, or it could be someone we haven't even thought of yet. What? You just told me not to jump to a conclusion. No offense intended. No, you were right. It's just I usually get to tell you. BOOTH: Our relationship has taken a whole new turn. 480 volts, 350 amps. Polina Decker? That's the voltage it would take to cause muscle spasms so strong they would fracture bone. That's not household current. They used a generator. Zack, you are smart. Hey, Zack, Zack! This guy, Decker, he's like you. He's in the whole stratosphere, IQ-wise. What's his IQ? It's 163. Oh, he's not where Zack is. If he's in the stratosphere, I'm in the ionosphere. Look, the point is that Decker escapes the U.S. Marshals, tries to contact his wife and he finds out she's been killed. What does he do next? His IQ is not a variable. Intelligence doesn't determine what you do so much as how effectively you do it. What he'll do depends on what kind of person he is. Well, you know, he's a loving father, okay, estranged from the mother of his child. Sound like anyone you know? You want to just back out of my personal space there, buddy? Zack's right. If you were in Decker's position, what would you do? Bucar-4 with accessory proceeding to 4413 L Street, KBC Systems, requesting local cowboys for backup, possible 10-31. MAN: Roger that, Bucar-4. Did you just refer to me as an accessory? You asked me what I would do if I were Decker. They kill my wife, they take my little boy. I'd go to the source of the problem and take him out. Take him out like... Oh. FBI. Seward in his office? Secure the building, nobody in or out. Usually, I enjoy your company, Bones, but, you know, it's times like this that you give me just a little something extra to worry about. You enjoy my company? FBI, Mr. Decker. Drop your weapon. Now! Nothing's changed. Make the call or I'll blow your head off. He wants me to call his son's kidnappers. Tell them to release my boy or you die. It's that simple. You can shoot me after that. I don't care. I don't know... Mr. Decker, Agent Booth is an excellent shot. I'm not afraid to die. Shoot him! For God's sakes, shoot him! Mr. Seward, please shut up! What you're trying to do-- save your son-- that's not going to happen if you die here tonight. Be rational, Mr. Decker. What you were planning has failed. You have to adapt. Adapt how? All I want is for my son to live. ???? Do you know a woman named Lily Marsden? Yes, I do. You had sexual relations with her? This falls under your purview? Lily Marsden is an environmental extremist. She's in Earth Now. You give money to Earth Now, don't you? Yeah, and the Sierra Club and Habitat for Humanity, the opera and Public Radio. Lily Marsden has been arrested for breaking into animal labs, torching SUVs, trespassing on military reserves, dousing citizens wearing fur with red paint... Dr. Goodman, if you have had or are having sexual relations with Lily Marsden, we have a problem. Why? Because an elicit sexual relationship gives her leverage over you. This makes you a security risk. I'm a married man, Ms. Pickering. I'm faithful to my wife. Could you please define your relationship with Lily Marsden? I enjoy talking to her. We argue. She's a nut, but she's a smart nut. She's... always interesting. She's never dull. So you... Talk to her. I think it's a very bad sign when discourse becomes suspect. You talk to her. Sometimes we yell. You want to give me one good reason why I shouldn't charge you with attempted murder, Mr. Decker. You think I went after Seward out of vengeance? Looks like vengeance. KBC Systems hired people to kill my wife and kidnap my child. Think rationally for a moment. BRENNAN: That makes sense. If KBC Systems is behind the kidnapping, then Seward would be the person to call it off. Rational human being... how'd you find yourself amongst these people? Sir, we are trying to help. Excellent. Hold your gun to Trent Seward's head and force him to let my son go. CULLEN: There's no compelling evidence that Trent Seward was the man who ordered the kidnapping of your son. I personally calculated the penetration tolerances for the combat flak jackets. The company found my calculations to be "excessively conservative." 30 soldiers died. Trent Seward will do anything to prevent me from testifying. He or someone working for him kidnapped my child and killed my wife. If you want to get Trent Seward, go into that grand jury and tell them what you know. And the kidnappers will kill my boy. All due respect for what you're going through emotionally, sir, uh, Mr. Weeks is not wrong. This is my son. I love him. And if there's even a slight chance that I can save his life by shutting up, then that's what I'll do-- shut the hell up. And what about the soldiers? DECKER: Analytically, I understand that many lives outweigh the one. But I cannot trade my son's life. Have you considered that by not testifying, your wife will have died in vain? CULLEN: Shut it up, Weeks. If you people had protected Mr. Decker and his family properly, we wouldn't even be here. Let's go. The only way that I will testify... ...is if I see you with my son. Mr. Decker, you and Donovan... do you have a code word? Something to let him know that you sent me? "Paladin." Tell Donovan, "Paladin." Paladin... defender of the faith, a protector. Suits you, Booth. You know what? You tough guys are all very sentimental. Got results on the earwax. I ran the particulates through the gas chromatograph and found the pollen of <i>Eragrostis curvula,</i> more commonly known as Weeping Love grass. And where does one find Weeping Love? Weeping love is found worldwide, but Weeping Love grass, that's in South Africa. Anything else? Yeah, traces of automotive-grade asbestos. The guy didn't have very good aural hygiene. Dr. Brennan. What, now? You've got to be kidding. Take me, I'll waive the lawyer. I have a few surprises in me! Tell that to your superiors at the N.S.A. Booth, we're looking for a one-eared South African. South African? Does that mean something? Yeah, I mean, there's a number of South African security consultants that companies use to do their dirty work in the Third World. They're really mercenaries. Well, he might be a mechanic of some kind. You can tell that? He had traces of what is probably brake pad in his ear. How'd that get in there? Well, any number of ways-- most likely his hand comes in contact with the asbestos, and then he scratches his ear. Hello? Are you still there? Yeah. I'm on my way over. What's the matter? An eight-year-old boy-- yes, that's consistent with what I'm looking at. You should really send this to an FBI pathologist. They'd give me fingerprints and DNA. We already know who the finger belongs to. I-I need more. Like what? You gave me a South African mechanic from a chunk of burnt ear-- do it again. Do it better, do it fast. What? Start. Come on, do what you do. You're kind of worked up. What you see is a bunch of facts, but what I see is a terrified little boy with his finger cut off. Now, is he even still alive? Blood saturation levels in the surrounding tissues are high-- his heart was still beating when they removed his finger. Okay... he's alive. That's something. Who does this? Cuts a finger off an eight-year-old boy? Mercenaries, professionals. They don't feel a thing. I feel things, Booth. Never said you didn't, Bones. I'm a professional, too. I do better work if I only see the finger and not the child. That doesn't mean I'm like them. I know that, Bones, but what I also know is that they made a big mistake sending us that finger. Why, because it made you mad? No, because you're going to use it to catch them. So you gather up your squint squad. Let's get to work. BOOTH: Did you kick the ball? How far did it go? Backwards? ( <i>chuckles</i> ) Yeah, I can kick a ball. I'm going to... Daddy's going to show you on Saturday. I'm going to see you Saturday, okay, Parker? Okay, I got to go, bub. I love you-- I'll see you Saturday, bye. What do you got? The finger was severed using a hatchet on a wooden surface. Cutting board? No, older, unsealed, pine. I'm thinking like a workbench in a mechanic shop. Why? Well, there's traces of lead and methyl tertiary-butyl ether on the bone. The nail was bitten to the quick, by the way. Kid was nervous. You would be, too. MTBEs have been added to gasoline since the '70s. But there's lead here, as well. ADDY: Leaded gasoline was phased out between 1975 and 1986. Asbestos from brake pads, leaded gasoline, a mechanic bench, you know, plus the mother was electrocuted by current from a generator. We're looking for an abandoned gas station or a mechanic shop off the grid. ( <i>chuckling</i> ): You guys are geniuses. How do we find that? I work for the FBI, you idiot. Way to go, Zack-- we went from geniuses to idiots in three seconds. Can you tell me what you were doing in Cuba? Only if you tell me first. I beg your pardon? I don't know your security clearance. Well, what is your security clearance? You should check with the State Department. I'm from the State Department. Then that should make it easy for you. When you were in Cuba, did you meet with a man named Juan Guzman? Hello. It's Dr. Brennan from the Jeffersonian. You told me to call you if anyone asked about... you know... him. Someone from the State Department named... Samantha Pickering. Pickering. Yes, sir. Yes, I'll wait... I'll wait here. Any more questions? No. Uh, no. In fact, the entire review is suspended. I'm to wait here until someone comes to destroy my notes. We might have the kid. BOOTH: Polina didn't make any calls from her cell phone after she was kidnapped, but nobody turned it off. When she left her coverage area, the cell phone was automatically assigned a new routing tower. You could triangulate her position? Yeah, to within 75 square miles. There were six abandoned gas stations in that area. There were five urban, one rural. SWAT's gonna check them all out, but I think it's the rural one we want. Why? 'Cause I used to do this kind of work. What, rescuing people? Or being... the person they needed to be rescued from. Oh. If I had a choice, I picked an isolated rural area. This place is perfect. It's an abandoned truck repair depot. The SWAT team will meet us there. Why don't we ever take my car? Do you have bulletproof vests in the trunk? No. That's why. FLIR imagery gives us three adults within the structure. The boy? No reading. Probably because he's small... or hypothermic. Entirely possible, sir. What's the play? I go in first, straight for the kid. You guys do what you do. All right. What about me? Wait outside. But I don't want to miss anything. Bones, these guys aren't like anyone else you've come up against. Please. Just be someone you aren't for the next ten minutes, and you hang back. Please. ( <i>officer shouting</i> indistinctly ) ( <i>gunshots ricochet</i> ) Watch your back! ( <i>glass breaks</i> ) ( <i>boy whimpering</i> ) MAN ( <i>over radio</i> ): 5-3-6-0, 5-3-6-0... Donovan, don't look at him anymore. Okay? It's okay. Don't look at him anymore. No! Get away! You're gonna be all right. He's not gonna hurt you anymore. Get away! Okay... Donovan, Paladin. Okay? Paladin. Paladin. Okay? Paladin. Come on. ( <i>crying</i> ) Come on. All right, hey, come on. You're all right. Is my dad crying? I think your dad's crying because he's happy. He's happy he got you back. Well done. Yeah, I hope you're really good at your job, Mr. Weeks. Why is that? 'Cause otherwise, you got nothing going for you. He's a father himself. Well, thank God I always had the sense not to let that happen to me. You think KBC hired the mercenaries? ( <i>sighs</i> ): We'll let the grand jury figure that out. We did our job. It's not often I get to help save someone <i>before</i> they die. Hell, Bones, every time you catch a murderer you save his next victim. This is different. Yeah. Still glad you don't have any kids? Yeah. Why? You were looking at that boy and his dad-- I just thought you'd change your mind. No. Still glad you <i>do</i> have a kid? Gladder today than yesterday. Doesn't make any sense.