and by your precious blood, wash away all my sins, O Lord. Amen. May this holy water protect us against evil in this world and in the next. I smell something weird. The new candles are smokier than the last batch. My Lord! Most glorious prince of the heavenly armies, Saint Michael the Archangel. God help us. Be gone, Satan! Pray with me. Defend us in battle against the rulers of this world of darkness, against the spirits of wickedness in high places! Notice how I'm not tailgating? Adaptive cruise control. Right now I'm more worried about a safe distance between you and me. - Why? - Because we're going to a church and you tend to get blasphemous in churches. You're afraid that if God smites me with lightning, you could get hit? I'm usually standing right beside you. The Greek god Zeus all used lightning to incinerate his enemies. Although, Zeus apparently had better aim than your God. Exactly, stuff like that. Just don't say stuff like that. All right... what's going on here? Are we going the right way? All I had to say was, "St. Dominic's Roman Catholic Church" into the voice activated GPS. Car, could you please get us there a little faster? No, the accelerator is not voice activated. It's foot activated like a normal car. You're joking. That's funny. Father Patrick, I'm Special Agent Seeley Booth. My partner, Dr. Temperance Brennan. I have no idea what I'm going to tell our congregation. He has horns. That would have great meaning for your superstitious followers. Yeah, like me. Was the... sanctuary locked? Yes, but doors and windows mean nothing to unclean spirits. Many cultures, since the dawn of humanity, have explained evil as the work of mythical, supernatural beings. Evil is not mythical. It emanates from the opposition. From Satan... and his minions. Yeah, Bones, that looks like a demon. All right? You understand? Booth, if your superstitions are getting the best of you, I can continue my examination alone. I am just saying a prayer for us to protect us from the evil, you understand? Come on... even you believe in evil. Well, I believe in genetic anomalies and aberra behavior. Also, accidents. Unfortunately, prayers do not have much affect on the physical world. Those are horns. Smell indicates the remains were doused in some kind of petrochemical accelerant. Which also explains why the fire is localized. And you just blew right past the whole horn thing. - Have you seen th before? - No. It's fascinating. Fascinating. Can't be real, right? It must be some kind of plastic or something, no? No, they appear to be composed of actual bone. - Those are real horns? - You okay, Booth? I'm all right, let's just... What do you say we just get Hellboy wrapped up and back to the Jeffersonian? Come on, guys, let's go. Bones - Season 5 Episode 14 "The Devil in the Details" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- I've been a coroner a long time, I've seen a lot of bad things. Define "bad things. " Murder, mayhem, torture, catastrophe, suicide, explosions, you know, the usual stuff. But this... this gave me a chill. Because of the demonic symbolism of the horns? Well, I just don't want to end up hovering above my bed with my head spinning around 360 degrees. That would not only be impossible but fatal. Right. - Preliminary findings, Mr. Vaziri? - Victim is human, mostly. He's only half joking. This extension of cartilage here... A tail. - The victim had a tail? - Unmistakably devilish. Believing in fallen angels and living by the tenets of empirical science are mutually exclusive. Islam teaches us that shaitan was not a fallen angel but a jinn. Angels are created from light and have no free will. Jinns are created from smokeless fire and use their free will to defy Allah. Not an angel, not a jinn, and yet, not your run-of-the-mill man either. The victim is Caucasian, and judging by the partially fused epiphyseal union of the clavicle, 19 to 24 years of age. The accelerant was common motor oil available at any gas station. At least it wasn't brimstone, available only from hell. I can't get much off what's left of his clothes. It's just a generic mixture of cotton and man-made fibers. What do you make of the horns, Mr. Vaziri? - Horns fall under my area. - Only if they aren't made of bone. But they are made of bone. Really? Well, I took a sample of your horns and ran it through the mass spec. In addition to calcium, potassium, manganese and silica... Bone, as Mr. Vaziri stated. I also found calcium carbonate in the crystal form, aragonite, which is better known as coral. Likely, the horns were cosmetic implants but as a result of biocompatibility, the remodeled bone grew within the coral. What about the tail... do you think it's a cosmetic implant as well? Vestigial. It's a vestigial tail. That's extremely rare for a child to be born with one. There is a man in West Bengal with a 33 centimeter long tail, who some believe is the reincarnation of Hanuman. - I got an ID on our victim. - Is his last name Lucifer? Can we please call him "Hellboy" until we find out otherwise? Well, we found out otherwise. Neal Lowery. Turns out Neal's the only missing guy with horns. Go figure. Where was his last known residence? I'm guessing Mr. Stephen King's basement. Havenhurst Sanitarium. Where he was being treated for schizophrenia. Things were fine when Neal was little. He was the happiest boy. He loved cars, toy trucks. Real smart kid. Your son, he was born with a tail? Vestigial, the doctors called it. When Neal was 14, a teacher noticed he'd been beaten and reported it to Child Services? Yes, there was an investigation. The boy's father had just died and... Neal was getting really hard to handle, and I... reacted badly. He started setting things on fire, Hung my mom's cat in the garage. - So she hit him. - I lost my temper. But I got the counseling I needed and it never happened again. None of us knew what was happening. We didn't know Neal was getting sick. The counselor thought it might help Neal to... to have the tail removed. By then he wanted to keep it. Why? He thought he was marked by God. Told people he was the son of Satan. Neal was schizophrenic, it wasn't his fault. Well... what about the horns? When Neal was 16, he went off his meds for the first time and ran away. And, when the police found Neal, he'd had these horns implanted. We never saw our Neal again. Not really. And when people asked where he got the horns... he said hell. And he's been in and out of the loony bin ever since. Havenhurst was a good place, wasn't it? Every cent I ever had went to them for Neal. He's crazy, but he's my brother. So, if they did anything that got him killed, negligent, whatever, they need to be held responsible. This section of the peritoneal lining is both thickened and inflamed. Which indicates the intestines might have ruptured. Cause of death? Hard to tell based on sample size. Did you find any fractured bones in the X-rays that might have - perforated the intestines? - I don't think so. I know that smell. Yep, gangrene. I've seen this before in junkies. They inject between the toes, it gets infected. As you can see, there's a fracture on the anterior aspect of the right T5. There's no way that ruptured the intestines. I finished my analysis of the coents of the boot treads. Within the treads, I found peat moss, sand and perlite, also known as potting soil. As well as seeds from a plant commonly known as Christmas roses. Christmas roses... that doesn't sound very satanic. Yeah, from the genus hellebore. Sorry. Even more interesting though, is the legend that hellebore is the key ingredient in a potion meant to summon the Devil. Of course it is. Did I mention that I interned at a mental health facility in Philadelphia? By "interned," do you mean lived in? You know the old thing about how all psychologists need psychological help, it's not true. Is there any chance that Hellboy wasn't crazy but actually possessed? You mean by a demon? Well, listen, if the Pope believes in demonic possession, then, you know, I at least gotta ask. I spoke briefly to the victim's psychiatrist. Neal Lowery didn't show any symptoms of demonic possession. Okay, growing horns isn't a sign of possession? You mean you spoke seriously on the matter to a man with a university education? Evil is out there, Bones. There's just more than one explanation. Yes, chemical imbalance, poor role models, ignorance. Neal Lowery was a simple schizophrenic living a simple delusion. See, simple question, clear answer. Thank you. You could've asked him on the phone. I brought Sweets along so he could sift through all the crazy-asses at the loony bin, see if any of them are homicidal. I'm an excellent loony bin crazy-ass sifter. You've got to come back inside. Shouldn't these patients be in straitjackets or rubber rooms? Well, some of the patients are here of their own free will. There will be a more secure locked down section for those who've been committed. Look over there. That's hellebore. The question is, did Hellboy trample on those flowers before or after he was dead? Hellboy couldn't have trampled on them after he was dead. - You sure about that? - Yes. Hi. I'm Lloyd. I'm one of the nurse practitioners. Dr. Copeland's expecting you. Neal disappeared the night before last. He didn't show up for his morning meds. So, you thought perhaps he bolted that night? - Yes. - He's escaped before? Escape implies incarceration. We prefer the term AWOL. The man was committed to your insane asylum because he believed he was the mythical embodiment of evil. Escape seems accurate. Neal was genius at finding nooks and crannies where he'd hole up for days. We were hoping he'd done that again, that he'd show up when he got hungry. We'd like to ask your patients and staff if they know anything. - Is that a problem? - Staff. I'm good with that. Patients... These are damaged people, agent Booth. Their hold on reality is tenuous. That's why we brought our own psychologist. Dr. Sweets? You sounded more experienced on the phone. He means you sounded older. I know. Love it. - It's not that funny, Booth. - I think it is. This is the arts and crafts area. Well, the work is quite... - Disturbing? - Fascinating. Yeah, fascinating. So, did Neal Lowery have any enemies here? The whole presence of the Devil, the tails the horns, that must've been quite disrupting. Actually, schizophrenic hallucinations can be way worse than that. Way, way worse. Yes, one boy with horns would barely register. Why don't you just have the horns removed as part of the cure? I thought this would be a significant and visible breakthrough for Neal if he made that decision without being forced. - What do you think, Sweets? - I buy it. Thank you, Dr. Sweets. You don't think Neal was killed on the grounds here, do you? That would not be good. I'm quite certain it wouldn't make any difference to Neal. Neal, did he have any... I don't know... fights with fellow... people? - Physically, no. - Arguments? A case of competing delusions, yes, that deteriorated into shouting upon occasion, but nothing more. Neviah, these people have some questions for you about Neal Lowery. Do you feel up to speaking with them? God warned me you'd be here with questions. God warns you? Of course. How else would I have known to have this ready for you? I'm gonna need another word for fascinating. Creepy? So, what are we to learn from this? You are very... You're talented. You're... Obviously, she's replaced the face of Longinus, the soldier who drove his spear through Christ's side during - the crucifixion with her own face. - Neviah believes herself to be the earthly manifestation of the angel Uriel. She's put the murder victim's face in place of the crucified Devil. Are you confessing to murder? You mind if I conduct the conversation, Dr. Brennan? No, but you might want to know that the placement of the lance here in the victim's side, exactly matches the location where the victim was struck in real life. So, this is true? I only tell the truth. As Dr. Copeland told you, I'm an angel. I just don't think it's wise to have Dr. Brennan present - when we question Neviah. - Well, why? What if Neviah told you that she's an angel, something she believes with her whole heart, how would you respond? Well, I'd tell her that angels don't exist, except, of course, in works of fiction, such as the Bible, and in children's books. Right, after which all we'll get from Neviah is argument, no answers. Sweets is right. You're out. I have to admit, it's eerie the way when I move, she follows me, as though she knows exactly where I am. That's because she can see you. It's a window, Bones. It's not a two-way mirror. Perhaps I could wait in some other part of your facility? Yes, certainly. This isn't really a good use of my time. Thank you. Neviah, could you describe to me the process by which you create your paintings? God guides my hand. I would imagine that God guides all of your actions, right? You being an angel. I only exist to do his will. Did you know that Neal Lowery is dead? Of course. - God told me. - God told you? Does God speak to you? Does he come to you in visions? He takes over my body and performs his miracles through me. Did you kill Neal? He was a demon. I am an avenging angel. It was my duty. - I used the holy lance. - Same as in the painting? Where is this lance now? It's right there. It's invisible. Right. Gonna be hard getting fingerprints off that. Hello. Can I offer you juice, cookies? Perhaps a nice serotonin reuptake inhibitor? Thank you, but I just ate. Hi. I'm Dr. Phillip Womack. I am Dr. Temperance Brennan. Temperance would be fine. Beautiful name. Unfortunately, patients here don't exhibit temperance. Hence the need to fill them with drugs. Well, I would probably medicate, as well, if I was forced to interact with psychiatrists all day. No offence. Well, none taken. Ours is a subjective profession that often marginalizes the importance of empirical data. It is refreshing to meet a psychiatrist with such a grounded perspective. But I assure you we have been getting very good results with psychopharmacology, as well as electroconvulsive therapy. Perhaps you'd like to see? I would enjoy that immensely. Who knows? I may be able to convert you to the wonders of psychiatry. Hello, Phillip. I see you've met Dr. Brennan. - Where were you two going? - Dr. Womack was gonna show me around. I don't know if now is the time. Lloyd is distributing medication. Yes, of course. I should assist. - Perhaps later, Temperance? - I'd like that. Did Phillip try to cure you of anything? - He's a patient? - For almost six years now. Believe it or not, he came a long way before plateauing with this delusion. I thought we had quite a lot in common. - Hey, Lloyd. - That's right. Did you find cause of death? Looks like the victim was struck in the frontal bone by a weapon approximately two centimeters in diameter. Possibly the same object that struck him in the ribs. So we've got a fracture to the forehead... And a Colles fracture on the right distal radius. All delivered by an invisible, heavenly lance. If it was invisible, it struck with a mighty force. What if, despite her insanity, what the young woman saw was, in fact, evil? So you do believe in the Devil. - As I said. - You told me what your religion says. I know shaitan to be real. I've been in his presence. I look into his eyes every day. I should put my efforts towards identifying the weapon. Yes. That would be good. Jung believed art provides an insight into the unconscious. Yeah. No, I know the drill. I assisted an art therapist in college. You can take one look at Van Gogh's <i>Starry Night...</i> the dark blues and the violent brushstrokes. It's no wonder he killed himself after painting it. But Neviah's work seems conflicted. The central image is straight out of Hieronymus Bosch, but the background is full of warm and vibrant colors. And her brushstrokes are calm. There's no turmoil or rage in her work. It could indicate a cold, measured person disconnected from an emotional life that's too painful to confront. Hold on. This is weird. The topography of the paint is unusually thick right here. This could mean that there's something underneath the image. Sometimes when an artist bowdlerizes their own work, infrared refrectography can show us what's under that top coat of paint. That's one of the nurses from the hospital. He's a demon. Who has just killed the Devil. Neal Lowery. I don't think you need Jung to figure this one out. Hold up, Lloyd! Hey, there, Lloyd. How's it going? - Turn off your vehicle? - Sure. What are you doing here? Checking out security tapes to see if Neal vamoosed through the front door? You recognize this picture? You're not really treating this as evidence? What was your relationship with him? I was nice to the guy. That's my job. - Look, I'd like to go home. - No, no. You mindopping your trunk? What? Not unless you have a warrant, which I'm guessing you don't. Really? Look at this here. Excuse me. See? "All visitors and employees agree to vehicle search upon entry and exit." - We don't need one. Right? - We don't need one. Let me just grab that for you. You stay nice and comfy in your chair there. We found evidence of gangrene between Neal's toes. He was injecting something there. It's common practice for heroin addicts. Bones, look at this. Guy's got his own personal dojo back here. Those appear to be the same diameter as the bruise on Neal Lowery's skull. Swords. Nunchakus. Well, look at this. Drugs... and heroin. Looks like we found Neal Lowery's heroin dealer. None of that stuff's mine. One of the patients must have planted it in my car. No, I really would not advise you going down that route. It's the truth. We're gonna find your fingerprints all over, so don't get caughin a lie. Right? Right, okay, so... why don't we start with the dorky martial arts stuff? Nunchakus and shuriken aren't dorky, all right? They're weapons of a true master. The fact that you just called it "shuriken" proves my dorky theory. Drugs... did you steal them from the hospital pharmacy? How do you know I didn't buy them from someone else who stole them? Look, people say you're really a good guy. I am. So what do you say we try and tell the truth? Look, Neal's medications didn't work. All right, I mean, the tranqs and the antipsychotics... they turned him into a zombie, but they didn't make him feel better. But this did? I mean, heroin removed his agitation. For the first time, you could talk to the guy. How did Neal pay for the heroin? - I took his meds in exchange. - For your own use? No, no, I volunteer at a community outreach for the homeless. A lot of those people need meds. You see? You really are a good guy. - Yeah, I am, I am a good guy. - You are a good guy. The only problem is... these nunchakus... they could probably be the murder weapon. - Why would I kill Neal? - Doesn't matter if you're a good guy. You're a drug dealer. Drug dealers get into arguments with other clients. No, I was helping him. When was the last time you saw him? In the dayroom. We talked, and then later that evening his brother came, but he was gone. I'm still holding you on controlled substances. You believe I didn't kill Neal. Doesn't matter what I believe. Matters what I can prove. Anything on the nunchakus? They are completely clean. There are dents, though, so they've been used. Can you rule them out as the murder weapon? Are you asking me to do an experiment? With Arastoo... - Why are you saying his name like that? - Like what? "Arastoo..." Like you're chewing on his name. Arastoo said that he looks at the Devil every day. - Maybe he has low self-esteem. - Or... - You know what they call us, right? - "They" being? Muslims, some Muslims, the ones over there trying to kill us. They call us "the Great Satan. " Look, here, what I found. Radiating microfractures in the cartilage of the victim's vestigial tail. Radiating microfractures plus a ruptured intestine? - What does that mean? - He was slammed into something. Perhaps in fact he did wrestle with an archangel and lose. As it should be. The Devil lost, as he always must. I will inform Dr. Brennan. - "The Devil lost"? - "As he always must"? What if Arastoo means us? Arastoo is a very... sweet, gentle guy, you know? I know, but that doesn't mean in his heart he doesn't look down on us. And if he thinks you're the Great Satan? No, I don't want to be the Great Satan. I don't even want to be a minor demon. Want me to talk to him? Yes, but unfortunately, dopey interpersonal crap falls under my job description. The discrepancies from the pharmacy have always been so small, well within breakage. We understand. Why do we understand? Lloyd Robertson was a nurse practitioner. He had pharmacy privileges, right? He cooked the drug log. Patients liked Lloyd, the staff. He honestly wanted to help people, or at least fooled me. So much for penetrating psychological insights. Can I speak to you for a moment? I've listened to you take shots at my profession, and that's okay. I'm a big boy, a tolerant man. I want you to think about something. I spend every working hour of every day trying to help people who are living in hell. That's an honorable way to spend a life, perhaps more honorable than figuring out what happened to dead people who are beyond pain and suffering. Intentions, however misguided, do count. I understand that. I hope you won't think I'm too picky when I point out that that wasn't an actual apology. But perhaps it's the best you can manage. You're shaking hands. It's great, everyone's made up and we're friends. Just get away, get away! It's all right. Do you hear me? Just relax and let the medicine help. It's not the right medicine! I need the right medicine. What's the right medicine? The one Lloyd gave me. Where is he? I need it. - I'm a doctor. - He gave you special medicine? I'm a doctor... I'm a doctor. I'm gonna need to search this facility. I apologize, Dr. Copeland. I apologize for undervaluing your work. Test number one. Now, I've placed sensors in this dummy to register the impact of the nunchaku strikes. With nunchakus it's very important that you... Are you all right? Son of a bitch. Nunchakus are deceptively difficult to maneuver if you've had no practice. May I? Knock yourself out. I did. What are you, some kind of Persian ninja? That can't be right. That's better. Was this the murder weapon? The diameter of the weapon matches, but, see, nunchakus swing on an axis because of the chain, which means the force increases exponentially along the length of the striking surface. The victim's wound was proportional along the length of the weapon. If Lloyd the drug-dealing nurse killed Neal the demonic schizophrenic, then this was not the weapon. So how long have you been practicing psychiatry, Dr. Womack? Longer than you have, Dr. Sweets. Yes, my youth has often been an obstacle to gaining trust with patients. That's why I often pretend to be one of them. That's interesting. Okay, so in order to gain trust from the patients at the ward, you pretend to be mentally ill yourself. I'm a natural actor. It helped Lloyd cooperated and treated me like I was a patient instead of his immediate superior. What about Dr. Copeland? Ethan is a very fine psychiatrist, but he's very conservative when it comes to the distinction between doctor and patient. A traditionalist? Exactly, Dr. Sweets, exactly. I'm sorry, but this is an official investigation and I must be honest. You and Lloyd Robertson treated Neal Lowery together? Only with regard to medication. Neal and I shared a few secrets. I did not divulge patient confidentiality. I don't suppose you'd tell me what. I couldn't possibly. I breached patient confidentiality once and I still feel bad about it. Was this regarding Neal Lowery or...? I'm sorry, I have nothing whatsoever to say on the matter. It's closed. I'll ask that you extend me that professional courtesy. Sure. - You found something? - Yes, cause of death. Excellent. What happened? First, I'd like to clarify something. After we talked about my beliefs, you were clearly upset. What? No, that's not true. My words could have been construed as a Muslim referring to America as the Great Satan. I'm not familiar with that phrase. Could we get back to this? I found micro-fractures on the metacarpal bones on the same arm with the Colles fracture. I love this country. When I said I see the Devil's face daily... You know I served as a translator in Iraq? Normal day, milk run to an outlying village to talk about water, and an IED took out our Humvee. Oh, my God. Two dead, three wounded, and I was the only one left conscious. I'm a translator, I use words, but coming towards us with an AK-47, an insurgent. He raised it, intending to finish us off. And that was the Devil? I shot this man in the heart. The Devil, that evil, I saw it in his eyes, but it was in me, too, when I pulled that trigger. You were defending your unit, Mr. Vaziri. This man lay dead at my feet. I searched his body for identification and I found a photograph of him with his little boy, his wife laughing. A family. Tell me that the Devil did not win on that day. You didn't lose your faith. You pray five times a day. I have to believe that Allah will show me how to live. I found microfractures on the maxillary and mandibular. He was electrocuted? The current must have passed through his hand, traveled across his body, then out his back. It was the muscle spasms that caused his intestines to rupture. I should let Dr. Brennan know right away. Of course. I did think that... wonder if you considered us to be the Great Satan. I am familiar with that phrase. I know. I was there when you told Dr. Hodgins that his T-shirt, which read, "I am with the Great Satan," is not suitable work attire. Was Neal Lowery receiving shock therapy? No. Why? Neal Lowery died from being electrocuted. ECT equipment generates a maximum 225 volts. And there's a fail-safe mechanism. Our analysis indicates that Neal Lowery endured an extended shock of at least 480 volts. Is there anywhere in this complex where 480 volts might be generated? I think it would be best if we get an electrical engineer to answer that. A guy in Ward 4 believes he's Thomas Edison. Sorry. These are the electrical plans for the retrofit that was completed at Havenhurst 15 years ago. All the wiring and the breakers, there's nothing more than 225 volts. I'm scanning the original plans. And they're from 1908. On the original blueprints there was a four-wire, 600 volt transformer in the basement. The southwest corner of the basement where the old generator is installed was sealed off. Except for these all access panels. They'd need those in case of a fire. Dr. Copeland said that Neal Lowery had a knack for searching out nooks and crannies to hide out in. The access panel should be down this corridor to the left. - You got to be kidding me. - Wait. I also have an app that gives you songs titles. - You have to hum a few notes... - Maybe later. It should be behind all of this. Look at that. Check this out. Someone was cooking heroin. So, maybe Phillip follows Neal down here, sees him using, decides to administer a little electroshock on the spot. Burnt flesh on the transformer. And blood on the water pipe. Oh, my God. The electrical circuit must have been completed when Neal backed into this water pipe. Look what I found. "Welcome to hell." I ran a simulation of the electrocution based on the current that was generated by the equipment at Havenhurst. Wait, but he's not dead. I know. Based on Neal's age and weight, plus the clothes he was wearing, that current would've thrown him clear. He should have survived. Plus the muscular contortions and spasms were nowhere near violent enough to fracture his wrist. So, then what happened? What if Neal Lowery wasn't wearing his rubber-soled boots? Okay, give me a second. You know, I just don't think that someone who just shot himself up with heroin is likely to put his boots on. - Why? - Well, 'cause he's on the nod. That means that he vomits and succumbs to the euphoria. Listen to you, all street. Maybe Phillip administered the heroin to Neal, as though it were some kind of legitimate medicine. Between the toes, that's not legitimate. The guy is crazy, Sweets. But he's consistent. Phillip operates rationally behind his delusions. He believes he's a doctor. Angela, can you call up a photo of Neal's boots as they were found in the remains? Here. Let me get in closer. Neal Lowery was left-handed. He didn't tie these shoes. What? How can you tell? A left-handed person, double knotting, the second knot would loop behind. This one loops in front. But still it must have been a left-handed person who tied the knot. Only he or she must have been facing the victim. That is amazing. I think. It's al-it's also very confusing. I am ready to run the simulation with the boots removed from the equation. That's it. He was electrocuted first, and then his boots put back on after he was dead. Double knots, that's the way someone would treat a child. I say we're looking for somebody left-handed. I say the killer may have left his or her DNA on the laces. It's not possible. It's just not possible. Gabe wouldn't kill his brother. Mrs. Lowery, what you and your family went through, it's almost unbearable. Gabe loved his brother. Why would he do such a thing? We know that Gabe went to visit Neal the night he disappeared. We believe that there was another patient named Phillip who told Gabe about Neal's hide out in the basement. Gabe found Neal shooting up heroin. Gabe struck Neal with a pipe, Neal fell back into a transformer and was electrocuted. But the church? The burning on the altar? We all become angry at God sometimes, Mrs. Lowery. Who could blame him? Why did God do this to my family? We were good people. And then... this. I'm sorry for your pain. You? You can't even imagine my pain. I need to ask you some things. You going to ask me about God and the Devil? You're going to ask me how God can place such a burden on good people. I'm going to ask you how you still believe in a kind God after a case like this. Was my faith shaken? It is. It is? I'll go home tonight and I'll lie in bed and I'll toss and I'll turn and I'll beat myself up. And, I'll question everything. Will you get your faith back? Always have in the past. So you have faith that you will retain your faith? Why? Because, Bones, the sun will come up and tomorrow's a new day. I know that feeling. Really? You know what it feels like to get your faith back? When I see effects and I'm unable to discern the cause, my faith in reason and consequences is shaken. Then what happens? Two plus two equals four. I put sugar in my coffee and it tastes sweet. The sun comes up because the world turns. These things are beautiful to me. There are mysteries I will never understand, but everywhere I look, I see proof that for every effect there is a corresponding cause, even if I can't see it. I find that reassuring. And life is good again. - Life is very good.