Dr. Brennan! Help! The Gravedigger case finally begins today with an evidentiary hearing.</i> The defendant, prominent federal prosecutor Heather Taffet,</i> will be defending herself against multiple charges of kidnapping</i> and murder. One charge involves ten-year-old Terrence Gilroy, who has never been found. Testimony is expected from three kidnapping victims:</i> Seely Booth, an agent with the FBI, as well as scientist Jack Hodgins and Temperance Brennan of the Jeffers... You okay? Of course. Why wouldn't I be? We're about to come head to head with the woman who tried to kill both of us. So are you. Aren't you okay? Sure. Yeah. I'm just checkin' in. I just want to make sure you're okay - and if you need anything. - It's just another case. - Right. - Dad! Max? What are you doing here? I thought you should have a support from somebody who's been through the system. Why is everyone treating me like a child? Because I don't want you to get your hopes up. This is far from a slam dunk. That's exactly why Caroline is here. We have five cases, multiple counts: Bones, Hodgins, the ten-year-old boy... Whose body has never been found. Your prosecutor's getting desperate. She knows what she's doing. I thought you were here for support, Dad. You all ready to play nice? - Always, Your Honor. - Your Honor, since I'm representing myself, I'd like to request that my shackles be removed. This is only an evidentiary hearing. There's no jury to prejudice. And frankly, I feel a bit more secure with her in chains. Spare us the dramatic flourishes, Ms. Julian. When we go to trial, we can revisit the request, Ms. Taffet. First witness. Burn marks were found on the victims that were consistent with injuries one would sustain from a three-million volt stun gun. The stun gun was found in the suspect storage locker. It matches the stun gun that was used in the attack on me... The suspect's steel-toed boots were also found in the storage locker. This storage locker was found with information obtained illegally, wasn't it? We didn't know that at the time, Your Honor. We obtained a legal warrant to search the locker. The fact that Agent Booth's brother gave you the lead didn't make you suspicious? He was an officer assigned to Homeland Security. We had no reason to question the information he provid. - The warrant was obtained legally. - That's irrelevant, Your Honor. Everything found in that storage locker should be dismissed. I submit that a warrant wasn't even necessary. Under precedent of imminent danger, law authority had the duty to enter that storage locker without a valid warrant. - Agent Booth's life was in danger. - Imminent danger applies only if law enforcement hears a violent threat - or struggle at the scene. - I'm sorry, Ms. Julian, but no matter how pure the intention, the warrant was obtained illegally. Therefore, any and all evidence gathered during the search and seizure is inadmissible. - Thank you, Your Honor. - This was not a personal favor. I am restrained by the law. I'd like to move that all charges be dropped. You'd like that, wouldn't you? We still have dirt samples from the crime scene, - the ransom tapes... - This is a waste of the court's time and the taxpayers' money. If I lose, I'll send everyone. You aren't left with much, Ms. Julian. Are you sure you want to proceed? Yes, Your Honor. The charges stand. We're going to trial. Court is adjourned. If you're so brilliant, Dr. Brennan, why couldn't you find something as simple as the number? You all right? What'd she say to you? - She says I missed some evidence. - Evidence? She doesn't think I can find it. Bones - Season 5 Episode 21 "The Boy with the Answer" Synchro: JoJo13, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Booth is getting her arrest records, as well as old case files from when she was a prosecutor. I'm pulling every record we have so far associated with Taffet: social security numbers, birth dates, blood test results. - Ages of the victims? - Got those. I'm using a recursive search algorithm which analyzes and cross-references the data. Since they're related, any inconsistencies can raise a red flag. I think Taffet is just messing with us again. No, I have to disagree. her pathology is consistent, this is all a game to her. She won the first round, she's upping the stakes by challenging Dr. Brennan. Maybe she knows there's something in the soil samples we already have, she's just trying to distract us. You analyzed those soil samples a hundred times. - Are you telling me to give up? - No, of course not. But I mean, I understand the need to cling to anything... "Cling"? Okay, so I'm crazy now. That's not what I meant. Go, Dr. Hodgins. Look at the soil again. You might find something. You know, he still gets nightmares. - Says he wakes up in a sweat. - I should have been more sensitive. This must be difficult for you, too. If you need... I'm fine. What about the weight and size of the victim's remains? Yeah, it's a good idea. I'll check it out. Here are the first set of documents you asked for. More numbers than I've ever seen in my life. - Thanks. You okay? - You mean because this case is a career killer? I'm cute. I can always find a job. They're gonna come up with something. They always do, right? Do you really believe that? They saved my life, remember? That was impossible. I'll give you that one. - How's your girlfriend holding up? - She's fine. She's not my girlfriend. So those little looks between you...? Nothing. Right. I hope you're more believable on the stand. Have Angela run these numbers as quickly as she can. The judge isn't gonna give me more than a day. If I don't receive the money in the numbered account within eight hours,</i> your child will die. This is the last time you will hear from me.</i> There will be no further communications.</i> What happened to the numbers? Well, I came up dry. Brennan and Booth are compiling another set. But until then, I'm trying to drag Taffet's voice from these ransom tapes. - Any luck? - She used a variable band inversion, so the wave is broken up into hundreds of small sections, each section scrambled with different frequency sequencing. You didn't ask me if I found anything new in the soil samples. Did you? No, of course not. Sweets was right. You knew that. I'm barely keeping it together here, Ang. You were sane enough to marry me. But I don't feel strong enough to tell anybody yet. I feel like she's still got me locked up, you know? When I see her, there's just this, anger, kind of helplessness that... I know, I know. When I was buried in that car, I didn't think I was ever gonna see you again. Now I feel like she's still in between us. She's not. Look at me. She's not. Nobody can get between us. You've been at it for hours. You gotta eat something. In a little while. Her old court documents from when she was a prosecutor have case numbers, criminal code numbers, - and then there are zip codes. - That's great and all, but you know, it's not gonna be any good if you starve yourself to death. She was laughing at me, Booth. I can't let her win. She won't. You hope. She may be amoral, but she is brilliant. You're more brilliant. What if her dispassion makes her more logical? What if that gives her an advantage over me? Wait. Now you're upset because you're not more like a psychopath? I just think... maybe I've lost my advantage because of all the people I'm involved with now. All of the relationships, they complicate logical thought. You don't mean that. Could we please just work? Sure. Salt Lake City? What? When they arrested Taffet, she used her one phone call from jail to Salt Lake City. Area code 801. Well, she's representing herself, so it couldn't be to a lawyer. Who would she call inalt Lake City? Larry's Pizza, how may I heIp you? None of the employees at the pizza place have a connection to Taffet, and... None of them here have any criminal records. Well, the phone records show that Taffet hung up after ten seconds. She didn't request another call. Angela's matching the number with a numerical sequencing program. This is the number. Booth, this has to be the number. So, I'm running a numerical sequencing program to see if there's a match with any of our victims. But I'm coming up with nothing. Oh, my God. The number is a GPS location. Let's go, everybody out. It's the kid, isn't it? Terrence Gilroy had a remodeled right ulna from a break when he was eight. This is the boy she kidnapped. I'm going to call the parents. Why did she lead us here, Booth? Why did she want us to find him? Hands off! No one touches a thing. - What are you talking about? - It's our chance to get - some hard evidence they can't dismiss. - Not if you touch it. You can't act as an expert witness in a case when you are also a victim. We aren't victims in this crime. We filed one complaint with seven counts. Since the trial started, you and Brennan are linked to all the crimes. That's why Taffet wanted us to find the boy. She knows we're the only people who have the skills to connect her to the crime. Now our hands are tied. Not if you drop our case. Excuse me? If Caroline doesn't prosecute our kidnappings, we'd be free to testify as expert witnesses in the boy's case. - You'd be willing to do that? - No. No. Caroline... has to prosecute our case. Taffet tried to kill us. Our evidence has been throw out. The ratial thing to do is to pursue a case with fresh, untainted evidence. Are you kidding me? Is it really that easy for you to forget what happened to us? I will never forget what happened to us, or to Booth, or this boy. You are not the only one suffering, Dr. Hodgins. But your emotions have no relevance, not if we want to convict Taffet. This better work. I'll have the charges dismissed in the morning. You can start right after that. So the Gilroy kid was last seen at the Rockland Mall on June 23. I'm gonna check all Taffet's credit card records for that day, too. Caroline said you can't give expert testimony if she's prosecuting your case. I told Caroline to drop my charges, too. I'm not gonna let you do this alone. She's gonna see the judge tomorrow at 10:00, then we can dive in on this. Thanks, Booth. We're partners, it's what we do. Right? If Taffet is acquitted on this count, she can never be tried again. Maybe that's why she wanted us to find the boy. Well, she's arrogant... like Sweets said. And she's misjudging you. I have nightmares, Booth. Hodgins is bleeding... you're drowning... I can't help anyone. You know what? She's never gonna get the better of you. Just know that. All right? I promise, okay? These are perimortem fractures, bilaterally on the fifth, sixth and seventh ribs on the posterior axillary lines. And injuries to the greater cornu and the left lateral thyroid and cricoid cartilages. I see injuries like this in victims who've been strangled. Perhaps he struggled, and Taffet was trying to subdue him. Taffet Tasered all her victims. Three million volts. That should be enough to knock out - a ten-year-old boy for a few hours. - He wasn't unconscious. These are defensive wounds, consistent with the boy resisting being placed in the freezer arms outstretched. I'll take samples from under his fingernails. Maybe he scratched her during the struggle. Maybe she knew the facts in this case wouldn't be consistent with the other crimes, and would give her reasonable doubt. We have evidence from credit card charges the defendant was at the Rockland Mall on the day that Terrence Gilroy was abducted. The team at the Jeffersonian discovered that the number Taffet called, turned out to be the same GPS coordinates as to where the boy was buried. The same M.O., same ransom tape, the same demands as the other kidnappings. Do you have any evidence the Gilroy boy was abducted from the mall? It was the last place he was seen. So, no. Did anyone else make any purchases at the mall that day, or was it just me? No. As for the phone call that I allegedly made, is it possible that the number was placed in my file by mistake? Objection. - Conjecture. - Sustained. Did you know that the officer on duty when I was arrested was from Salt Lake? Answer the question, Agent Booth. Isn't it more likely that he made that call, and the number was placed in my file by mistake? Objection. Conjecture again. I thought it was reasonable doubt. Very reasonable. - Your Honor... - Withdrawn. No further questions, Your Honor. You know that Taffet's playing you, right? We're fine. - No, she's got you all on defense. - We got the boy, all right? It's because she wanted you to. Every psycho takes one step too far and hangs themself. Not before a lot of innocent people get hurt. See you. Sorry to bother you. You have a minute? Yeah, sure. - How's it going? - I don't know, actually. That's why I'm here. I'm worried. This case is taking its toll on everyone. - Including you? - Including me, yes. It's a very stressful situation. You're not immune to that. I feel like everything's fraying around the edges. We're all searching for some piece of evidence that can put Taffet away. But we keep coming up empty. Everyone feels manipulated by her. And I should be able to pull everyone together keep them on track. You want to guarantee the outcome. I wish that were possible. But you know, we knew this was going to be an uphill battle. But did we believe that? We all knew she was guil. So someplace, we assumed that in a just world she'd pay for what she did. That assumes a just world, I'm afraid. These... are my people she hurt, my friends. I should... be able to do something. I know. You didn't think I was going to follow you? Max, is this what you want? - Don't trust the system. - You miss, you compromise the case, - Taffet walks. - I don't miss! When are you gonna learn to stop messing with me, huh? You're making a big mistake. Tempe could die. Yeah, come on. - He tried to kill her? - He had a rifle pointed right at her, - so you do the math. - Why? Why would he do that? To protect you. And a career criminal like Max... he obviously doesn't trust the legal system. I'm sorry, Booth. - I wish he were different. - Me, too. He socked me in the eye, too. - Brennan. - Hey, honey. - I need you to bail me out. - What?! No, Dad. I was doing it for you. No, I don't want you to kill people for me.</i> Buy me a sweater, like a regular dad. - Leave her alone, Max. - Booth says you're not getting out until after the trial is over. I have to go. I've got a bad back. You know the beds in jail. Good-bye, Dad. I'm sorry, Bones. I'm sure this is the last thing you want to deal with. Part of me wishes he'd done it. Not the good part, so let just keep our eye on the ball. So, any news about the boy? I'm getting an accurate recreation of the assailant from the fracture patterns on his remains, and it matchs for Taffet. I'm putting a presentation together for court. - The kid put up a good fight, huh? - There's evidence of strong resistance. - Yes. - Yeah, at least he didn't go easy. Parker... he'd do the same thing. Probably bite her ear off and run. - He'd bite her? - Yeah. Ten-year-olds... it's kind of their thing. They bite. I have to get back to the lab. If the boy bit her, there should be some evidence on his maxilla, mandible or his teeth. The teeth seem to have been cleaned. Taffet probably wiped them off. Second left premolar is chipped. There might be some trace in the abrasion, maybe some tissue from Heather Taffet. Saliva contains amylase that would have broken down any bits of tissue. Not if it were imbedded between the teeth or under the gum line. If I don't receive the money in the numbered account within eight hours,</i> your child will die. This is the last... Okay, this encryption is a rolling code split band voice inversion. Individual frequencies between the clicks are inverted and recombined. I applied software that decrypts each of the 423 separate segments until the voice becomes clear. If I don't receive the money in the numbered account within eight hours,</i> your child will die. This is the last time you will hear from me.</i> - <i>There will be no further...</i> - You did it, Angela. It's Taffet. Like to see her explain away that one. If I don't receive the money in the numbered account</i> within eight hours, your child will die.</i> This is the last time you will hear from me.</i> There will be no further communications.</i> And in your expert opinion, Ms. Montenegro, - whose voice is that? - It's Heather Taffet. The frequency and vocal patterns are an exact match when compared to unencrypted recordings of her voice. Thank you. No further questions. That was very impressive, Ms. Montenegro. Could you share your credentials with the court? I have a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Texas with a Minor in Computer Science. And I've also studied biomedical illustration at American University. But you do not have a degree in sound engineering, is that correct? No. Objection. Ms. Montenegro has numerous patents pending from her work in auditory forensic reconstruction. One homeless man has a patent pending for a time machine. That doesn't mean I'm going to ask him to testify. Enough, Ms. Taffet. Do you have anything else? Yes, Your Honor. I'd like to introduce into evidence item 461B, which is a deconstruction of the same ransom tape by former FBI Special Agent Graham Steele, who has a PhD in Forensic Auditory Analysis from the University of Pennsylvania. If I don't receive the money in the numbered account</i> within eight hours, your child will die.</i> That isn't me. He obviously manipulated the pitch and the timbre - of the voice. - Isn't that what you did? Those sound waves have an underlying pattern of frequency modulation. Like a fingerprint. Whatever the technical jargon, it seems clear that anyone, even someone without any credentials, can make one voice sound like another. Objection! Counsel is making speeches. - Sustained. - I'm sorry, Your Honor. No further questions. - Hey, Bones, you ready for court? - Yes. I have a video presentation which shows the victim sustained rib fractures and a fracture of the lateral epicondyle of the left distal... What do you say we ease up on the scientific stuff, okay? The science gives us the height of the assailant. 162 centimeters... Taffet's height. That's good and all, but Taffet's kind of had a field day, trashing the whole technical goobledy stuff. And the jury seems to like her for it. But those are the facts. It's how you present the facts that win or lose a case. Bones, the jury needs to know what that little boy went through. I've testified before, Booth. I'll be fine. We should go. Terrence Gilroy's left greater cornu of the hyoid was compressed, indicating that the assailant strangled the young boy using only one hand... the dominant left hand, in this case. I'd like to submit writing samples which confirm that the defendant is left-handed. No objection, as long as it's also noted that eight percent of the general population is also left-handed. Including you, Your Honor. Continue. The victim sustained a fracture of the lateral epicondyle and the shaft of the left distal humerus. I can be clearer. Terrence Gilroy's bones could only have been broken by someone kneeling on top of him as they pushed him into the freezer. The radiating fracture lines show that this assailant had to be between 125 and 135 pounds... the weight of the defendant. Objection. This is speculation. Are you questioning my qualifications? Because you will not find a more experienced or respected forensic anthropologist anywhere in the world. So I'd appreciate not being interrupted until I finish testifying. Dr. Brennan, I'll make the rulings here. Overruled. Continue. Since these broken bones were caused by the assailant's knees and the chipping on the boy's kneecaps was caused by the toes of her heavy boots, we can determine the length of her shin. And what is the significance of the shin length? It gives us the height of the assailant, which is five feet, four inches. The same height as the defendant. It is clear from the circumstantial evidence and these facts that this child was attacked with vicious cruelty by Ms. Taffet. Objection. The jury makes that determination, not the witness. The five-foot-four assailant... crushed the boy's chest, choked him, and finally caused him a torturous death by burying him alive. Objection. Speculation. - She can't know what the witness felt. - I was buried alive. Which makes me uniquely qualified to comment on its horror. Objection, Your Honor. This is grandstanding. Unless the witness has any additional facts... Sustained. Do you have any further questions for Dr. Brennan, Ms. Julian? No, Your Honor. I learned everything I need to know. Your witness. Dr. Brennan, don't you think your trauma as a kidnapping victim prevents you from being objective? Objection. She is testifying as an expert witness, not a victim. - She brought up being buried alive. - She did, Ms. Julian. Overruled. It's only natural that you would want to construct facts that would give you some closure and peace. I resent your implication. I do not let my emotions cloud my findings. Not intentionally, of course. - Is there a question coming? - Yes. Sorry. Dr. Brennan, you are currently seeing an FBI psychologist, are you not? That has nothing to do with... A yes or no is all that's required, Dr. Brennan. Are you currently seeing an FBI psychologist? - Yes, but... - Thank you. No further questions. That has nothing to do with this case. My findings are sound. - You may step down, Dr. Brennan. - My findings are sound. A dust mite? - So that little bug is gonna save us? - Don't call him a bug. Sounds insulting. We reexamined the boy's teeth and found it wedged between the right lateral incisor and canine. Dust mites eat dead human skin cells. And this one's stomach sac is full. If the boy bit Taffet, the skin cells are probably hers. Whatever's left is gonna be small, but there might be enough to give us DNA. This is a Dermatophagoides farinae. For those of us who don't speak insect, what is that, exactly? It's a dust mite... an insect found on clothes, but it also feeds on the cells of the person wearing those clothes. And where was this dust mite found? Between Terrence Gilroy's teeth. It was transferred there when the boy bit the person who kidnapped him. And how do we know that? The dust mite contained human female epithelial cells. We extracted those cells and ran them through several DNA databases. The cells belonged to Heather Taffet. Nothing further. Your witness, Ms. Taffet. It seems that you have neglected to include a sample of the evidence that I could have tested independently. Since there was so few cells in the mite the testing destroyed the sample, but the procedures and results are all contained in our documentation. Let me get this right. I have access to your notes, but I can't examine the actual evidence because you destroyed it? Your Honor, in California versus Trombetta, the Supreme Court ruled that the prosecution could destroy a sample to test for DNA - because there was no bad faith. - Bad faith? The motives of every single person at the Jeffersonian are suspect, and now their only physical evidence is gone... - if it existed at all. - I've just about had it with your unsubstantiated allegations. - As have I. - That's enough, Ms. Julian. Your Honor, I would like to file a motion to have this unverifiable DNA evidence dismissed. Protocol has been followed, Ms. Taffet. It's up to the jury to decide how the evidence will figure in the outcome of this case. Your motion is denied. Did you see Taffet's face? She was completely blindsided. Caroline's closing... it's going to kill. All right, so here we go. That's it, huh? Are you okay, Bones? Your team just nailed Taffet. I'm just tired. It's been a tough case. It's not just the case. I'm tired of... of all of it. I'm tired of dealing with murders and victims and sadness and pain. That's what we do. All right? We catch the bad people, and we make the world a better place. That's what you do, and somehow, I got caught up into it. You were dealing with dead people long before we got together. As a researcher, an anthropologist. That's how I can make the world a better place. And you do. Come on. Cheers to that, all right? You're anxious. And tomorrow, when we have won, everything will be perfect. It'll be fine. We are here to seek justice for this ten years old boy who was kidnapped, brutally beaten and buried alive by Heather Taffet. Taffet was seen where this child was abducted. She matches the size of the assailant. She's left-handed. Her voice was discovered on the ransom tapes. It all sounds very reasonable, doesn't it? These so-called facts were compiled by people who themselves were victims of a vicious criminal who has not yet been caught. - They need a scapegoat. - But only Heather Taffet could have the DNA that was found in this child's mouth. That evidence was delivered to us in death by this brave boy. And yet, the only people who saw that dust mite, the only people who touched the alleged epithelial cells were two kidnap victims... one a known conspiracy theorist, the other a traumatized anthropologist who's currently being treated by a psychologist. And Dr. Saroyan, who couldn't perform her job without destroying the evidence, conveniently preventing me from mounting a defense. Because she has no defense, except slandering these experts. They have told you what Heather Taffet did to that boy. The law is clear. You cannot convict a person based on innuendo or groundless accusations. I weep for that boy. No child should suffer like that, and whoever did this... should never be allowed to walk among decent people again. For that boy, for justice, - you must return a verdict of... - Not guilty. Because it's clear that I am a scapegoat. I am innocent. Thank you. Caroline nailed it in there. - Taffet was pretty convincing. - You know what, Hodgins? - You ever see the bright side? - You know what? You're right. Because no matter what happens in there, I've got Angela. It's okay. I don't care, Angie. Taffet's not going to make the rules anymore. I want everybody to know. Angela and I are married. What? - When, Ang? - In jail. Hodgins wanted to wait until this was over, so everybody could be happy for us. - This isn't another pregnancy scare? - No. No, this is... this is love. Why were you hiding this from us? I was having trouble dealing with things because of the trial. Then I thought... screw it. The jury's back. The defendant will rise for the reading of the verdict. In count one, the kidnapping of Terrence Gilroy, the jury finds the defendant, Heather Taffet, guilty. Order, or I will clear the court. In count two, the murder of Terrence Gilroy, the jury finds the defendant... guilty. The defendant is remanded into custody until sentencing. We are adjourned. This isn't over. I was out of town for a couple of days. I knew Tempe had everything under control. She didn't need me. Let's raise our glasses here. To the squints. - To Booth. - And Caroline. I never doubted any of you, not for a minute. Come on. Please. Let's not forget the happy couple. Best wishes for a successful blending of familial obligations, as well as monetary and property consolidation. What? I guess I'll go home. A real bed is probably going to feel good. I'm sorry that I doubted you. Sweets would say that subconsciously you wanted Booth to catch you so you and I wouldn't have to be separated again. Smart guy, that Sweets. I love you, honey. Thanks for leaving me with the bill again. That's nice of you. Your fault, Booth. My wallet got stolen in jail. Can't believe they actually got hitched. I know. I have this sense that everything's changing. Not everything. Look... we're still partners. Right? And Taffet... she's put away. You're feeling good about that, right? You almost died, Booth. That can happen again. - What if, I can't get to you? - It's not going to happen. I envy your ability to substitute optimism for reality. Maybe you just need to take some time off. Go to a beach. Lay in the sun. I might need more than a little time. Don't make any decisions about your future right now. You know when a dentist gives you anesthetic and tells you not to operate any heavy machinery or make any important decisions within 24 hours? This case was bigger than a root canal. Let's just go back inside and have one more drink. I'm tired, Booth. I'm going to go home. All right. Come on. We'll get you in the cab. I know, it's been a long, long day. All right, get in there, all right?