time with Sully. Oh, that's a good lesson for Sully, then, huh ? Next time he actually takes youawayon vacation, you should go away, you know, leave town. You had a vacation and never left town. That wasn't a vacation, it was a suspension. Plus compulsory therapy. Hey, dude, don't knock therapy, okay ? Dr. Wyatt has helped me realize that there are certain pressures that build up on the job and I need creative ways... We do everything together. ...of dealing with them. Whoa, what exactly do you have to contend with on the job that I don't ? You, Bones, you don't have to contend with you. So we got a trunk. Looks like it's been wrapped with chains, battered up pretty good, most likely came through the sluiceways upstream in Maryland. Is it locked ? Not anymore, it isn't. Is there a body in there ? Sort of. Beats the hell out of me what the deal is with this one. The head looks flat, as if the skull has been totally pulverized. Maybe she got run over by a steamroller ? What are you saying ? She was killed by Wile E. Coyote ? Okay, I want the whole kip and canoodle transported to the Jeffersonian. Kit... and caboodle. Why don't we just wrap this up fast, so we can get you back on your vacation ? Thank you, I'd appreciate that. You have got to be kidding. What's with the tone ? You want me to take this face and build a skull for it ? Can you do it ? No. You're always taking skulls and putting on faces. Can't you simply reverse the process ? No. Why not ? BecauseIam a human being. She's missing every bone in her body ? Her skeleton was removed. Oh. All right, leaving the third circle of Hell, but before I go, I think she's Asian. Don't base that on skin tone. She was boiled, which is why we can only get partial fingerprints. I'm not going off skin tone. I'm going off her hair. I have an idea for the face-- I... if you can remove the head from the rest of the skin sack. Please, God, I am not out of earshot yet. The victim was boiled. Then a number of incisions were made from the top of the skull, around her right ear and down her right side. Then from her left foot, along the outside of the body to her left hip. Someone with medical traing ? Definitely not. An untrained hand but a very sharp instrument. Boiled ? The entire skeletal structure removed, then the skin was sewn back around the organs. It doesn't fit any kind of ritual killing I've ever heard or read about. The organs are damaged due to the clumsy cutting, but everything's there... except the brain and the eyes. Oh, God. Must have been difficult to remove all the smaller bones, like the phalanges. It's all gone. I didn't even find one bone. The algae in the trunk is cyanobacteria called microcystis aeruginosa. The size of the... scum colony indicates eight days submersion. Dr. Brennan. Have I offended you in some way ? Dr. Saroyan said "no bones," so... You know what that means ? I'm back on vacation. No bones, no Bones. I was the second "bones." That's very witty. Essentially, all we have to do is refillthe empty head. Like a balloon. Which is literally what we did. Oh, no, you did not. Put a bladder inside the head and inflate it very slowly. This is... It's... absolutely... Brilliant ? Useless. You need the exact shape of a skull to get a likeness, not just a... This is... Turn that off. Oh, my God. You guys are perverse. Dr. Brennan was right. Bone people should only do bone things. Transcript : sway.com Synchro : Artusamak Thanks to Nak. James Bones Team ==[Bones - 2x16]== The Boneless Bride in the River Have a good episode ! Hello ! Hey ! Doctor Brennan ! Agent Sullivan I presume. So ! What do you think ? I think you're very dirty. Wow ! - You've got something. - Oh. Oh. Huh... Come on aboard, here. So i didn't think I'd see you for a couple days. Well, I know... It's strange but I actually... would rather spend time with you than work. Wow. I'm flattered. So... You're renting it ? Well, I... was thinking about buying her. Wow... Can you afford it  ? If i liquidate everything and borrow heavily, not at all. Seems, you live on it ? Her. You know, live on her. And before I commit, I wanna spend a night on her With you. Oh, what would that prove  ? Call it sexual Feng shui. I don't think that's a real thing. If it doesn't work for us, I don't want this boat. Wow. Apparently, you do think it's a real thing. I can't find anything on how to estimate the height of a body without bones. Does the skin stretch or contract without a skeleton ? Uh, boiled leather immersed in water would tend to stretch, then contract as it dries. Maybe the principle applies. I'm finding bruising on the torso. I'll subject the tissue to reflectance spectroscopy to get at a rough idea of when the blows were sustained and whether they were fatal. Dr. Saroyan ? The face debacle taught me a lesson. I'm strictly a bone guy, like Dr. Brennan. Which is exactly why I called for you, bone boy. A patella ? Yes. X- rays showed it was lodged in the fatty tissue of the leg. A bone. Something we can work with. It's just a kneecap, Zack. Don't get too excited. To you, it's just a kneecap. To Dr. Brennan, it's the best part of a human being. Good to know. Hey. Ahoy the boat ? Booth ? Yeah, I need Bones. Permission to come aboard or what ? Hey, man, uh, is this important ? Yeah, we got a bone. Tell me about it. It's from the boneless girl. What kind of bone ? Here and here. Frontal spurring. What's that mean ? Zack ? A lot of time spent on the knees. Oh, so she's either a nun or a prostitute. No, tendon attachments on the inside of the patella also suggest squatting, which is not nun-like behavior. You didn't need to interrupt my vacation for this, you know. Well, you know, you said to call if a bone showed up, and... this is a bone. The density of secondary osteon structures suggests the victim was in her early 20s at the time of her death. See, Zack is capable. You don't need me. It's an interesting shape. Square rather than triangular. Classic nail-patella syndrome. It's a genetic defect, also known as Fong's Disease. Fong's Disease, right. What's that ? Angela said the victim's hair suggested Asian. Our victim may have grown up in a non-industrialized rural environment. Well, early 20s, Asian, rural area. I'll check with immigration. Zack will do an osteological profile on the bone, see if we can focus geographically, while I get back on vacation. Wow, Dr. Brennan really likes that boat. I thought you said you couldn't make a face. Well, did you hear about Zack and Hodgins and the balloon in the head ? Ha. Is it as bad as it sounds ? Yes. The least I could do is try to give her a face, poor woman. So... a boat, hmm ? Oh, Sully ? Yeah. Last month he wanted to live in a tree house. He's like me. Yeah. No, I don't see that. Well, he's not really made for all this murder and corpses and empty eye sockets crap. He's a romantic. Unlike me ? No. You're a romantic of a narrow kind. You live to catch bad guys. Sully lives wide. Hey, I got a hit off the Homeland Security database. Li Ling Fan. Yeah, she's here on a Fiancé Visa from mainland China. Fingerprints... it's a match. Print this up for me. Yeah, this is the victim. Okay, I'll go, uh, visit her fiancé tomorrow. I... I live wide, too. Far and wide. Right ? There's nothing wider than Seeley Booth. Okay, then. My bad. Ling Fan is dead ? Are you certain ? When was the last time you saw your wife, Mr. Harper ? Fan wasn't my wife. Well... she immigrated here on a, um, Fiancé Visa and you're listed as the, uh, fiancé. We called it off. Mutual thing. Well, you see, I don't believe that. I mean, a poor girl from China travels thousands of miles away from her family to be with the man that she loves. It's not like she has many options. So, uh, when was the last time you saw her ? About a month ago. How did she die ? Yeah, we're still, uh, we're still looking into that. Foul play, right ? I mean, the FBI wouldn't be asking so many questions if it was an accident. So you, uh, so you get off on all this, uh... Asian stuff, huh ? Martial arts ? Weapons ? I've dedicated my life to it. She had some bruising, your fiancé. I don't know anything about that. These, uh, weapons here, here are they, uh, genuine ? Knockoffs. I can't afford the real thing. Really ? Since when does a fence worry about affording things ? Details like a criminal record, they tend to, uh, come up during a murder investigation. Murder ? Homicide. See, I've, uh, dedicated my life to it. I've been on Arab dhows about this size, but I don't think I could handle one all by myself. This is a lot more high tech than a dhow. Why... Why didn't you ask me to go out with you ? I'm a good sailor. Well, you know, I've got to be able to handle it by myself. I'd much rather have a crew... you, in fact... but what if you got conked on the head, and ran off with a pirate ? Ahoy, the boat. Oh... Booth... Don't tell me. You found another bone. Well, I've got this Chinese book that needs translating. Maybe you, uh, got somebody at the Jeffersonian we could, uh, talk to ? No ! I'm on vacation. Well, he'll just keep showing up. Might as well pitch in and get the case solved. It's a ledger for buying and selling weapons. Illegal weapons. One entry refers to this. It's a Jian, a double-edged sword. A dergu... This fellow's not Chinese, correct ? How can you tell ? These characters are labored, overly formal. Professor Shi Jon Chen is a highly-respected cultural anthropologist - who specializes... - Yeah, he's one of you. Yeah, I get it. You definitely didn't get all the weapons. Including this... a Xing shuang. A Flying Horse. A very rare ornate dagger. So, what do you think, Jon Chen ? Obviously, he has a fetishistic slant towards all things Asian. A mail order bride would have been a thing to him, like these weapons. What about the ritualistic removal of the bones ? Could it be Minghun ? No. Definitely not. What's that, huh ? It's an ancient belief in rural China that if a young, unmarried male dies, his family should rebury his bones with the bones of a woman. A- A bride for the afterlife. Like a bury-age, or a marr-ial. A deading ? But I've never heard of anyone committing murder to get these bones. Well, then, we should pursue this avenue of investigation. If you come across a Minghun in which the origin of the bride's bones is unclear, you let us know. Of course. All right, Sully, look, I want you to look into buying one of these ancient Chinese weapons, Leaping Donkey ? Flying Horse ? Yeah. Whatever. See if Harper surfaces long enough to, uh... to make the sale. Homeland Security says the Fiancé Visa was expedited by a lawyer on a retainer, and to a smaller bride agency here in town called The Perfect Wife. That sounds archaic. Well, you know, in therapy, I learned that, uh, superlatives like "perfect" are, uh, meaningless. Not in science. A perfect number is a number whose divisors add up to itself, as in, one plus two plus three equals six. You know, in therapy I learned that definitive statements are by their very nature wrong. Isn't the statement, "Definitive statements are by their very nature wrong" definitive, and, thus, wrong ? You hate psychology. You haven't said anything to change my mind. You know, this is exactly why, okay, sometimes I-I do things like shoot up an ice-cream truck. Well, it's a good thing you had therapy. You know, we talked about you in therapy. You did ? What did you say ? Well, you know, since it was, uh, my therapy, I don't have to share the details. Sorry. So you specialize in bringing brides over from Russia, Romania, China and Thailand ? I've had over 500 marriages since I opened shop. I match the happy couple using an empirical system of reciprocal attributes. You can't match humans empirically because the variables number in the tens of thousands. I never recommend a match with less than 200 points of compatible commonality. Tens of thousands is way more than 200. Yeah, this is great. Were Drew Harper and Miss Fan... Miss Li. In Chinese nomenclature, the last name's first. And the first name is last. Great. Were they a good match ? Sadly, I'm sorry to say, in the end, no. They decided not to marry. What-What happened to Ms. Li after that ? On a Fianc\e Visa, the couple has 90 days to marry, and if they don't, the bride is required to return to her country of origin, so, if Ling Fan is missing, it's probably because she went back home. Ms. Fan is... Li Ling Fan is dead, Miss Burrows. She was beaten. Drew Harper may have killed her. Did that possibility show up in your 200 points ? Um... This is my background check on Drew Harper. You'll find that my screening process exceeds the minimums set by the Marriage Broker Act. Thank you, Ms. Burrows. You-You can leave. Well, Harper provided a completely false background. Is that possible ? Well, career criminal, fence. I mean, yeah, he could bring himself a whole identity based on false documents. This is definitely not a match made in heaven. I've bn worming my way into observing this ceremony firsthand for two months through the groom's family. That would be the dead groom ? Yes. Overtures are always made by the groom's family. Now, I hear they will pay $25,000 dollars for a bride. - That would be the dead bride ? - Booth... you're being very judgmental. I apologize. I just think it's a little... Apparently, they've found a bride. Well, who is she, or was she ? You know, because she's dead. My sources don't know anything about the bride. Who got the $25,000 ? Most likely the bride's family. Most likely ? My understanding is that before the Minghun, the bones are spread throughout the family members, and then brought together for the reburial ceremony ? - That's correct. - If you could get me a sample of one of the bones, we could check the DNA, see if it's Li Ling Fan. Do you know where any of these bones are, Professor Shi ? I might know where maybe one bone is being kept. If you could get me to a place where I could just look at the bone, your subjects will never know I was there. All right, but you'll have to pretend to be my girlfriend... and her brother. Yeah, right. What did she say ? Just hospitality stuff. I don't need to speak Chinese to get that. She don't think Bones is good for you. You just made that up. Nail on the head. Ha ! She said your face has character. Yeah, well, all the, uh, older ladies, they-they like me. Bones, what are you doing, Bones ? Bones ? The... These are traditional storage pots. Please, Dr. Brennan, whatever you find, you promised not to disturb it. No, I promised not to disrupt your study. Ooh ! Whoa, what is it ? Is that human ? Yeah, it's an ilium part of the hip bone. What am I supposed to do with this ? Dr. Brennan, quickly, put it back ! Did Bones just speak Chinese ? Definitely human. No sign of any cut marks. - Well, is it Li Ling Fan ? - No. It's male. So, what, you got a... part of the groom instead of a piece of the bride ? Bones stole it. Not stole, swapped. From an old Chinese lady's mantle. I brought a bunch of chimpanzee bones and pulled the old, uh, switchamacallit. Switcharoo. Whatchamacallit. Two different things. These anomalies-- whoever this was died of cancer. I'll get Zack to find the details, but this is definitely not Li Ling Fan. Maybe it's the groom. Makes sense. Especially if this is a dead people bone marriage thing. Uh, Temperance ? Hey. Um, you got a sec ? Excuse me. You bought the boat. Finalized this morning. Wait, sailboats have keys ? Uh, no, not-not really. These are keys to the marina, but, you know, it's symbolic. Congratulations. So, I'm gonna tell you something, and I-I want you to think about it a while before you answer. Okay. Well, you say ok, but it takes you microseconds to think things through, so... this time, I'd-I'd appreciate it if you, uh, just took a breath, because... it's... it's big. what is it ? I'm headed south in the boat to the Caribbean. When ? When this case is done. You quit the FBI ? No. No, not yet. I'll take a couple of months to get used to the boat... you know, really check it out... and then I'll start running charters, probably - for the Turks and Caicos, which is... - You're... You're really talking a lot. I know. And I haven't even gotten to the main part. Which is, uh... I really... really want you to come with me. You do ? I do. Take a sabbatical. There's more to life than corpses and murders. You know, we do this job for too long, we get warped. I can feel it happening already. - Maybe you can, too. - Let... Let's run away together. Well, you know, think about it. Want a hug ? Okay. No. That's... That's a lot to process. So, just, you know, I don't know, you know, let me know when you think that maybe... Okay. Stage Three Sarcoma, M-1 Metastasis. Like Brennan said: Cancer. Yes, most likely, it spread from prostate or testicular cancer. So it's definitely a guy. If this is the groom, then he's Chinese, and, according to Dr. Shi, most likely related in some way to the old lady who kept him in a pot. Which should be enough to identify him through hospital records. None of Harper's weapons show any sign of being used to dissect a human being. No protein residue, even under ALS. Is there any way to tell what kind of blade was used on the skin ? Only that it was sharp and straight-edged. But I did find evidence of toxicity damage to the kidney. Wait, the victim was poisoned ? I thought she was beaten to death. Well, the bruising could've been a result of Fong's Disease. Toxicology identified the toxin as a root called Lei Gong Teng. In small doses, it's an anti-inflammatory. In large, it has another name. Loosely translates as "Walk seven steps and die." I'll have Booth check out Chinese herbalists. Want me to bring you up to date ? No. I want you to tell me what to do. About what ? Sully wants me to run off with him. - Go. - For a year. - Go. - He wants to run a charter boat around the Caribbean. Go. He says I should take a sabbatical. Go. What is the downside ? He's a great guy. This is a great idea. I'd miss you guys. Oh, we'll meet you in Barbados. Look, you have been working every day since I met you. It's time to let another part of yourself out into the sun, with a bare-chested man in a tropical breeze. William Chang. Single, age 27, died two years ago of metastasizing prostate cancer. Great nephew of Mei Zhang. He looks nice. Booth will want to talk to his parents, try to find out where they got the female bones, in case it's Li Ling Fan. Listen to me, Brennan. Go. There'll still be murder and mayhem when you get back. They're going to know this information came from me. You've ruined my study. They won't know for sure it was you. Their son's bones are spread all over the city. They let me in on something very precious to them and now this. I broke the first rule of anthropology: minimize the effect on the study. Do you really believe that your study is more important than catching a murder ? You used to be dedicated to a much larger, timeless truth. Now, you're just a tool for those who have smaller concerns. So you buried your son William three years ago. My condolences. We have come into possession of one of his bones. You have no idea how this happened ? Maybe you're planning on reburying your son with the bones of a young woman to provide him loving company in the afterlife ? You see, we need to know who this woman is, because it's possible that she's a murder victim. You wouldn't want that, would you ? Okay. Well, you give me no choice but to get an order of exhumation. Sully bought that boat. Yeah ? Next thing you know, he'll be shipwrecked on some island talking to a volleyball. He's leaving for the Caribbean. Really. Look, I'm... I'm sorry, Bones. I know that the two of you were kind of hitting it off, and... He wants me to go with him. Oh. Oh. Yeah, yeah. He says I should take a year off, a sabbatical. He says it would be fun. Yeah, it would be. You just said he'd be shipwrecked with a volleyball. No, he's got you, he doesn't need the volleyball. You think I should go ? Yeah. Yeah. You know, what's one year out of your life, huh ? A person's got to live wide. This is kind of narrow. Whoa. That the coffin already ? Can't be. We're only two feet down. Oh, easy ! Careful ! Is it fake money ? There's no body in this coffin. There was a body in here, but it was removed. What's with the fake money ? Chinese tradition. Send a loved one off to the afterlife well-funded, at least symbolically. How long ago was the body removed ? This little darling is Phaenicia sericata, also known as the common green bottle fly. Now, William Chang was buried in January, three years ago. Since the green bottle fly is only active in the summer months, I contend he was dug up last July or August, which allowed maggots to be laid in the casket to feast on. Okay, yeah, I got it. I can be a lot more specific. No, no, you know... dug up last summer and distributed to the family... specific enough for the FBI. He would've decomposed quickly. Buried in a pine box, improperly sealed, buried only two feet below the surface. The Changs should sue their mortuary. Because of the shallow burial ? Yeah, and the decomp seepage into the fake money is, um, au naturel. What does that mean ? The body was not embalmed. All right, none of this is helping us solve the mystery of what happened to Li Ling Fan. The funeral home is in on it. They wanted the body to decompose as quickly as possible. Full service mortuary. They perform funerals and weddings for dead people. Mortuary records show that we buried William Chang in a lead-lined casket. If you found another casket... Pine box. It was a pine box. It is obvious that Mr. Chang was dug up and reburied. Who embalmed William Chang ? The records show that my grandson and I had that honor. You're lying. William Chang was never embalmed. said there was nothing But you yourself but fake money in the casket. So how can you tell ? We can tell from the residue left in the empty casket. I'm sorry, but we cannot help you. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Mr. Han, please, just... sit down... please ? Just... Here's what I think, okay ? I think that you have some old Chinese traditions alive which are illegal in this country. The Minghun reburial ceremony. ...I'm not concerned about. What I care about is if the bride was murdered. Murdered ? Our understanding is that Mr. Chang's family paid $25,000 for her bones. People have killed for much less, so what part of that 25 grand came to you ? Did the Changs admit to paying that money ? No. We found a cash withdrawal that they can't explain. But you are not even certain that William Chang's Minghun bride is this murdered woman ? No, sir. But we can't know for sure it isn't her without looking at the bones. If the bride were not this murdered woman, would you allow the ceremony to proceed ? Grandfather... What ceremony ? We're very sorry to disturb you. FBI. I need to see the coffin. Sorry. Take a look, Bones. Take a look. Okay. Indications of cancer. I believe this is William Chang. Here's the chimpanzee ilium that I left. What about the girl ? Lots of score marks on the bones congruent with flesh being removed from the skeleton with blades. I believe this is Li Ling Fan. Where is everybody ? Well, I guess we really broke up the party. Positive I. D. on both sets of remains: William Chang and Li Ling Fan. Wow, they kind of go together. Because they're deceased ? Yeah, but more than that, they're exactly the same level of hotness. Which is zero, because they're skeletons. The cuts left on the skeletal structure by the removal of soft tissue match the implements the FBI confiscated from the mortuary. She was ill, and he was ill. It's really too bad they never actually met. The mortician's lawyer advised him to clam up. The Changs now say the $25,000 was used to pay off a family debt. You ever think that their spirits actually did meet and are working to get their bones together here on the physical plane ? You mean, like we're possessed and doing their bidding ? You know what you people lack ? Whimsy. It's a genuine handicap. There are four morticians working at that mortuary and a half a dozen assistants. Then any one of them could have removed the bones and sank the skin in the river. Personally, I would have cremated the remaing skins and organs. No crematorium at that mortuary. I am gonna draw them a wedding picture. Okay. Well, you do that, we... should find out who poisoned the victim and arrest him for murder. It's probably the, uh, bouncing flying mail order husband. Does that count as whimsy ? Well, you're handicapped, Zack. Someone really needs to throw a telethon for you. How did Sully find Harper so quickly ? He didn't say. You know, Sully's a nice guy. You sound condescending. I'm just trying to be nice, okay. I'm complimenting the fact that you got a good one this time. Thereby implying I'm incapable of making my own judgments. The physicist who couldn't tie his shoes... Oh, the former professor who was, uh, jealous of your own success... should I stop ? - Yes. - Oh, the guy that you found on the Internet ended up being some kind of recruiter for a cult. Oh, and this is my favorite: the guy who cut off his own brother's head because he thought he was possessed by a witch. Yeah, you made your point. Look, I'm just saying a guy who wants to take you away from all this on a sailboat, that's a step up. Condescending. That's our guy. Okay, so when do we take him off ? Down. We take him down when Sully puts his cap in his back pocket. Freeze ! Freeze ! Geez, I told you he was fast. - Are you okay ? - Yeah. Okay, great, fine. Sully, you chase him, I'll head him off, okay ? Okay, okay, okay, okay. - Have you thought about my offer ? - Yes. - What do you think ? - This is not the time to discuss it. The guy must be on meth ! Martial arts. FBI. Freeze right there. I said freeze ! Freeze ! Damn it ! What, is he on wires ? He ain't bouncing around any more now, is he ? See that ? I did not kill Ling Fan. Then why'd you keep running away, huh ? I'm a criminal ! You're police. Ling Fan didn't really know anyone. That makes you a good suspect. Sell her bones for $25,000. Make up for the loss. What loss ? You paid $25,000 to the Perfect Wife agency to bring her over; probably another eight grand for the round-trip ticket. That's a lot of knife sales. You people got it completely wrong. Chick doesn't work out, you get a full refund or a swap. I took the money-back guarantee. Really ? - Oops. - I didn't lose a cent. It's the mail order agency that's out all that dough. What was wrong with her ? What ?! Why did you send Ling Fan back ? Chick was defective, man. I'm a very active person. She moved slow, like an old lady. You hit me with the Flying Horse ? Yeah. That is a very good item. Maybe you still want to buy it ? I'm gonna need bail money. So, you wanna know what your first mistake was ? Thinking you wouldn't find out about the refund ? No, your first mistake was killing Ling Fan. And your second mistake was keeping the poison that you used in your refrigerator. Third mistake was thinking that, once we had you, that the grandson at the mortuary, Nelson Han, that he wouldn't cooperate. I mean, not only did he follow... You know, Booth, uh... is a really good guy. He says the same about you. Really ? 'Cause I figured he was the one talking you out of going with me. No, he told me to go. Angela did, too. Everyone thinks it's a great idea. Everyone except you ? But you're not gonna go, are you ? Why, Brennan ? Sailing around warm oceans with someone who loves you. Please, tell me what is holding you here. Look, I don't... I don't wanna sound conceited... but, uh... I think I'm worth the risk. You are. You definitely are. All right, well, you're the logical one. What's your thinking ? Rationally... ...rationally thinking, I... I want to go. And I know I should go, but... ...I can't. What you're doing... it's important... ... but it's not important enough to be your whole life. What are you doing here ? I'm waving goodbye... see ? What do you want ? Breakfast. I'm not hungry. Aw, come on, huh ? What are you gonna vomit when we come across one of those, uh, horrific cases ? I don't vomit. Give it time, Bones, okay ? Give it time. Everything happens eventually. Everything ? All the stuff you think never happens, it happens. You just gotta be ready for it. Transcript : sway.com