vertebra costal... What kind of weapon? Ooh, vacations in the desert. It's like lunching at the dump. Uh, pointed with no cutting edge, like a giant ice pick. Whoa, Angela. Or a sharpened screwdriver. We warned her about the sun, right? We told her cover up, avoid melanoma. Who's the guy? Her boyfriend, Kirk. Angela has a boyfriend? Every year for three weeks, Angela has a boyfriend and a vacation. Whoa, whoa, playing house in a post-boho, rustic artist cabin in the desert with her overpaid, pseudo-celebrity photographer boyfriend, that is not a vacation. Eight months to a year dead, correct? Yeah, yeah, pupal casings, maggots, blah, blah, blah, eight months to a year. Angela, we're betting. Are you using Crisco or butter for sunscreen? Hey, Brennan, could I talk to you in private, please? You're going to think I'm crazy. What's up, boyfriend trouble? No, I-I-I'd just send it to you, but the sheriff won't let me. Send what? Somebody left a human skull in a box on the sheriff's porch. He says it was probably a Navajo who respects the dead, but doesn't want to get pulled into the whole white justice system. The thing is, is that Kirk went out into the desert five days ago on a photo shoot, and he hasn't come back. Nobody can find him or his guide. You think the skull is Kirk's? No. No. Kirk's always going out into the desert for days at a time. You're really sending me mixed messages, Ange. Yeah, well, I'm freaking out, I guess. I'm sorry. Look, you know, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have called. Pretend I didn't call. I'll just... I'll talk to you when Kirk gets back. Sorry. You're taking a vacation in the desert with no notice? I don't get the attraction, I really don't. Snakes, scorpions... It should only be for a few days. Buzzards and snakes. What about the stabbing victim? Zack identified the weapon and the victim. Our job is done. I mean, it's not like I actually think that the skull is Kirk's. But I mean, if you could just look at it and just tell me it isn't, then I could stop worrying about him being dead and just be mad at him for being a flaky artist. You won't get anything out here. We're about 100 miles past where Jesus lost his sandals. I assume that's a way of saying "we're extremely isolated. " Yeah, it's why we come out here every year. It's like you stand still and the whole universe just comes at you. At 110 degrees. You know, Kirk was out with a good guide, our friend Dani. I mean, he said he'd be back, he said we'd go out for nachos and beer. And this is a man who's serious about his beer. I got the Navajo police looking between Doña Ona Canyon and the Otero Bluffs. Ben, Dr. Brennan is a forensic anthropologist with the Jeffersonian Institution. I spend most of my time helping the FBI conduct murder investigations. Angie, I kind of got my hands full getting searchers out to look for Dani and Kirk. The state police said that they would lend us a chopper, but only if we narrowed down the search area. They got to be running low on water. I don't give them more than a couple of days. Ben, if you could just show Dr. Brennan the skull. Or point me toward the morgue. Welcome to the Merville County morgue. Prominent brow ridge indicates the victim is male. You mind? Be my guest. Oh, no, she wants the plate, Ben, not the muffin. Cranial shape and nasal features suggest Caucasian. Died in the last several days. Critters been at it pretty good. Pattern of basilar suture fusion puts age 30 to 35. Well, it doesn't look like Kirk. Doesn't look like anyone, Angie. Putrascine. Early stages of decomp. Cause of death? A man gets caught unawares out in the desert, he could be dead in a few hours. Uh-oh. What? Base of the skull here detached from the spinal cord. See these little bevel marks? Perimortem   gunshot. It wasn't the desert who caught this man unawares. It was someone with a gun. You can't say that it's Kirk. I know. You want some tea? I'd rather have a beer. This woman modeling in these pictures, is this Dani? Yeah. Dani Weber. It's Kirk's guide in the desert. She's beautiful. Dani has lived her whole life. You know, Ben says that she knows the desert better than anybody. Look, there's no way that she gets lost or she runs out of water. There's just no way. No. What? Brennan, if you hug me and you be all caring it's because you think Kirk is dead. Or because he was sleeping with Dani. No, it's because... I'm sorry that my friend is upset because someone she loves is missing. All right. I can buy that. You know, if you don't mind, I'm just going to head to bed. Good night. Booth. How far are you from Dulles? As far as your office is from Dulles. Why are you in my office? I need your findings on the Richmond case. Listen, Zack, he won't tell me where they are unless you give him permission. There's a 9:15 flight to Denver. Then there's an 11:35 flight to Santa Fe. You'll have to run to make the connection. Forget it. Booth, please. Angela's boyfriend is missing. Maybe dead. It took all of my charm... just to get the sheriff Your charm, oh boy! to let me look at the skull. When I asked him to let me send the skull to the Jeffersonian, he told me I am not a cop and that I don't have any jurisdiction. Which is true. Okay, what, look... what do you want me to do? I want you to get federal on his ass. Hey. There you go. Hey. You know, people in the desert don't have actual addresses. What's up with that? Booth, you made it. Yeah. You know, I'm touring the hottest places in the universe. Next stop-- here you go-- hell. I'm not really awake yet. Last night before I left, I used my FBI powers to force the sheriff to send the skull back to the Jeffersonian. I talked to him this morning. Ooh, seems a little resentful. What time is it? Let's go. Drink that on the way. Wha-- on the way where? You know, to go check out the model, guide, whatever's place. Dani. Can I come with you? No, no, we can ask tougher questions if you're not there. Wait outside while I get dressed. - No. Uh-uh. Sun's been up for an hour out there. It's already the surface of Mercury. I can stand here and close my eyes, eat my doughnuts, best I can do. What tougher questions can we ask without Angela being here? Things like, did her boyfriend run off with a model, guide, whatever? Angela and I discussed this. She said it couldn't happen. Okay, no offense to Angela, but she doesn't really know this guy. She's only with him, what, three weeks out of the year. No offense to you, but you're a stodgy traditionalist when it comes to relationships, buddy. Stodgy? Stodgy? Okay, okay, here's the deal. Yeah, stodgy. Here's the deal, Bones. We found out that the skull isn't Kirk, we go home, we let the locals handle it, okay? Yeah, of course. Yeah, you say "of course," but then you get all caught up in it. And then... What? Oh. What do you want? FBI. We're looking for Dani Weber. Who are you? Yeah, I'm the guy holding the big gun. Yeah, on a federal agent, which I've been very nice about so far. Let's rush him. He can't shoot us both. How about I just show him my badge, so we both survive, all right? See? Name's Alex Joseph. This is me and Dani's place. Where's Dani Weber? Missing... in the desert for almost a week. I've been looking for her. You point your gun at everybody who comes by? Maybe I'm nervous. Anything in particular you might be nervous about? Maybe something Dani got caught up in. Nothing I can think of. Could we look in the trailer? Not without a warrant. You have a problem with law enforcement? You could say that, I guess. Model runs off with handsome photographer, jealous boyfriend with a gun finds them in the desert... He's definitely twitchy about something. What if he's escaping out the back door? You don't spend a lot of time in trailers, do you? Whoa. What? That's Sheriff Dawes. Yeah, he definitely has a problem with law enforcement. ( music playing, muffled through earpieces )</i> Dr. Brennan doesn't like us to listen to music while we're working. Dr. Brennan is not here. She thinks the work deserves our full concentration. I need the skull now. Well, I'm still finding particulates. And since you're only Dr. Brennan's assistant, without her, you don't carry all that much weight around here. I'm telling Dr. Goodman. Why didn't you mention your relationship to Dani Weber? Dani Weber dropped you for the photographer, the Indian guy, or both. Moron. Dani's my sister. Half sister. Mostly I raised her. You can check with Angie. Okay, well, I got that one... wrong. I pretty much don't like the look of your sister's boyfriend, Alex Joseph.  Assault.</i> Narcotics. He bootlegs for the reservation. Yeah, Dani could do better. Any chance that Dani got caught up in something ugly because of him? Until I find otherwise, I'm assuming that Dani and Kirk are lost in the desert. Alex Joseph-- is he bad enough to hurt 'em if he finds 'em out in the desert together? It's on my list of nightmares, yeah.  Brennan.</i> DNA results are in. The skull is definitely Kirk Persinger. Poor Angela. HODGINS  : Also, the hair test's</i> off the charts for Lophophora williamsii- derived mescaline.</i> What's that? Peyote. Anything on the cranial scoring? I haven't really had a good crack at the skull yet. Hodgins hogged it. The markings traced to several desert dwelling species-- it seems a full-grown male coyote did the most work on it, but one with a malformed jaw. Very unusual bite formations. Ask Dr. Goodman to find a naturalist. Kirk Persinger? Yes. They found traces of peyote. Drug-related. Shot to the spine, execution-style. So, Sheriff, do you still think this is a simple missing persons case? I have to tell Angela. Listen, Sheriff, um, sorry for the concern you must be feeling for you sister. I will call the FBI office in Albuquerque, and I will officially take over the investigation. I won't do that. Why? Desert dwellers are very insular. Mongolians, Bedouins of the Sahara, the Himba of Kalana. Good hosts but extremely distrustful of outsiders. Bone, this is the United States of America. It's not outer Mongolia. The only reason Sheriff Dawes talks to us at all is because we know Angela. Alex Joseph held a gun on us. I'll admit, I've met friendlier people. If a bunch of outsiders come in from Albuquerque led by an outsider from D.C., I promise you the people here will close ranks and shut up until we go away. Then they'll take care of it in their own way. Okay, who are you, Dr. Phil? Who is Dr. Phil, some kind of expert? He likes to think so. Okay, look, I'll take what you say under advisement. In the meantime, we need to go find out who supplied Kirk with his peyote. Well, how are we going to do that? Talk to his girlfriend. I am so sorry, Angela. We both are. I knew it was Kirk. That's why I called you. We have to find out what happened to Dani. Angela, I'm going to have to ask you a couple difficult questions, okay? What-what can you tell me about Kirk's drug use? Kirk didn't do drugs. Well, Hodgins found peyote in his hair. I thought... I thought that you meant drug drugs. The peyote wasn't recreational. Kirk took part in some Native Indian rights. While high on drugs? Did you do peyote with Kirk? The peyote has nothing to do with anything. Angela, you may have come in contact with Kirk's killer without even realizing it.  Who was his connection? He's Kirk's friend. I need the name. : Wayne.</i> Wayne Kellogg. He's an important local artist.  I don't deny</i> having participated in the peyote ritual on several occasions. Utterly spiritual experience. You're not Indian. Not by birth, no, but as you can see from my artwork, I have a deep spiritual connection to the Navajo. You sell a lot of your work? I sell very well overseas, enough to keep this place and a beach house in Los Angeles. Why? Why not buy Navajo art created by actual Navajos? Peyote is only legal if you're a member of the Native American Church, which means, you and Kirk bought it illegally. Buying illegal drugs involves drug dealers. I mean, you can follow my train of thought here, can't you? Look, I realize Kirk's missing. Kirk's not missing. He's dead. What about Dani? Dani Weber remains unaccounted for. God, this is terrible. I need the name of your drug connection. No. I'm sorry. These people trust me. I understand the difficulty in finding the peyote plants miles out in the desert. Secret places passed on from generation to generation. Mr. Kellogg, is that your vehicle? Yes. Why? Alex Joseph borrowed that Humvee. Wait. Alex Joseph didn't go out to the desert to look for Dani Weber. He went out to look for peyote. I never said that. Mr. Joseph? It's FBI again. Like to ask you a few more questions. Booth? Booth. Oh, come on, Sheriff. Come on, even out here you know how the drug world works, huh? Kirk is found dead. Joseph is beaten to a pulp. It's all connected. My first priority is to find Dani. You find Kirk's murderer, we probably find Dani. Maybe Dani is the murderer. What? I got to ask. Dani never hurt anybody in her life. Except maybe herself. You know, another thing I have to consider-- maybe Dani, you know, calls up her, uh, brother the sheriff and says, you know, "This photographer "raped me. What do I do now?" What you're proven right now-- you don't know anything about the people that live around here. Hmm. Joseph met us with a rifle. Maybe because he was afraid it was you coming around the corner of that house. Alex Joseph is unconscious. You maybe can talk to him when he wakes up. Me-- I'm going to help the search parties find my sister.  Thanks to Fish and Wildlife,</i> most of the coyote packs in this region have at least one member wearing a GPS collar. BOOTH  : You can find one coyote</i> with a wonky jaw in the desert? What we do here is process information from rangers, amateur naturalists, conservationists, even school groups. The Desert Coyote Packs Range is not huge. Perhaps ten square miles. The pack is typically three to eight animals led by the alpha mating pair. Wow. Why wow? Professor Inez has found your coyote, but he's-he's way out in the desert. Three pups, three females, two males-- including the leader with the wonky jaw. With eight coyotes going at a cadaver. Wow. You know, we're talking needle in a haystack, you know, finding the remains. Mamas and the pups feed together, so I'd expect rib cage and smaller bones to be in a concentrated area. But the males move away from each other with the larger pieces. No more than a half a mile. Three weeks a year. I mean, 15 weeks in total. You think that's crazy. Well... it's not typical, that's for sure. And if he was yours, 100% yours, for three weeks a year, that's... It's more than I've ever had. Kirk's photographs show the world as a more beautiful place than it is. A-A better place. He made me feel like it was my real home. That I belonged there... with him. He's the guy I compare all other guys to. Now he's gone, and I-I feel like I can't even breathe, sweetie. I can't even take a breath. You think it's possible that Dani's still out there? Could she still be alive? I don't know. There's no crime scene, and... we're not even sure where the rest of Kirk's remains are. Well, I want to help you look for her tomorrow. You sure? Yeah. Dani was our friend. I have to help find her. Please? Thank you. I love the desert. Or I used to. Nothing looks the way it should. Stuff that's far away looks near, stuff that's near looks far. Yeah, well, you can't trust your eyes out here. Not your eyes alone. You know, Kirk said that if you stood still long enough, that the desert would actually speak to you. Show you some kind of truth. That ever happen to you? No, but he really believed that. Alex Joseph woke up. Good. You think whoever beat him up had something to do with Kirk Persinger's murder. Yeah. Nope. How can you be so sure? You were the one that beat him up? No. Okay. Well, uh... do you know who did? These guys. Or guys just like 'em. Why? Peyote ritual. These people take it seriously. It's their religion. A guy like Alex Joseph starts selling it to white guys like Kellogg and Kirk, they don't like it. Aren't you going to arrest any of them? No. But I might deputize a couple. You know, Sheriff, I get how you people handle things out here, but I got ask you-- I mean, if they'd beat up an Indian for selling peyote, what the hell are they gonna do to Kirk for taking it? Nothing. Kirk's a white man. The way they see it, he's my responsibility. Hey! I got something here! Ange, they found some bones over here. It might be Kirk. It is Kirk. This is his camera. Are you sure? No, no, no. Don't, don't. There could be exposed film in there. It's cracked. Can't let anymore light in, it'll damage the film. Maybe Kirk was right. This could be a good way for the desert to tell us what happened to him. Photograph of his murder. This camera is going straight to the State Police Crime Lab. Angela is better at developing film than anyone in Santa Fe. Plus I can use Kirk's equipment. It's top of the line. Yeah, and we won't have to wait for the results, Sheriff. With your sister maybe still alive out in the desert, every hour counts. Can't do it. Booth... Yeah, you know, according to Homeland Security, Kellogg sold exactly $120,000 worth of art overseas. What's that got to do with anything? Well, it sure as hell doesn't buy him a beach house in Los Angeles, now does it? He lied. Let's go check him out. What will we be looking for? You know, what we always look for. You know, something that doesn't fit. Something that, you know... Something. I can't believe that you think that I am a suspect. Angie, not to speak ill of the dead, but, uh... a woman like you, you're worth more than three weeks a year, you understand? You think I murdered Kirk because he didn't give me enough time? I'm just a lawman. People are people. Ben, Kirk wasn't the one who put limits on our time together. He wanted me to marry him, and he deserved more, and better. Please, Ben, I want to help find Dani. And there could be evidence on this film. Just let me do what I do better than anybody else. Thank you. Angie... Maybe he deserved more, not my place to say, but he couldn't have done better. No man could. I haven't attained anything like the success Kirk has, but I do all right-- why? You have a beach house. I applied for a warrant to check for your assets, your tax returns. I told you, I do well in Europe, Germany especially appreciates Native-themed work. Kirk Persinger's remains were found way out in the desert. What's that got to do with me? Oh, because you have a vehicle that's capable of going out that far. A vehicle I often loan out. What are these? Engraving plates. Please don't touch them. The oils on your skin will comprise the integrity. Why would I kill Kirk? Maybe because, you know, you had a little thing, you know, for Dani. Or maybe because you were jealous of Kirk's artistic success. These aren't Native designs. Bones, I'm working a line of inquiry here. All of your work is stolen from Native designs. These are floral. It doesn't fit. Not stolen. Inspired by. And that piece is commissioned. Another way I make money. Hi, Angela. Well, most of the film was wrecked, but I developed a few usable images. That's great. No, no, because Ben got me to make a couple of prints and then he bolted with them and all the negatives. Sheriff Dawes took off with the negatives. What'd she find on them? Did you recognize anything? Dani in the desert, and that's all. I have no idea what he got so excited about. Nothing that meant anything to Angela. We'll go take a look for ourselves. Talk to you again. I wanted to show these photographs to Alex Joseph. I don't need your permission. Why Joseph? Angela says there are only a few partial photos of your sister in the desert. That's right. The only person that knows the desert as good as Dani is Joseph. This formation here, I'm not familiar with it. There's nothing like this anywhere near where we found Kirk's remains or the camera. Well, he was killed somewhere else and moved. If we find that outcropping, maybe we find the place where Kirk was killed and maybe we find my sister. Did Joseph recognize the rock? Yeah. Where? It's easier I take you than explain. Whoa, whoa, okay, if Joseph is a murderer, he's just sending you on a wild-goose chase. Well, then we know he's the murderer and all we've wasted is a tank of gas in a goose chase. How far out are we going? A ways. One week in the desert and there's nothing but bone left. Same guy? Looks like it. Uh, I think it would be better if I went over the bones for particulates before you start your thing. I disagree, and you can't have them unless I release them to you. You're gonna have to do the "boss thing," boss. Sir, Dr. Brennan needs to know how this man died, which is my territory, more than when and where he died. Dr. Hodgins? Even I can see he got shot in the back of the head. What Dr. Brennan needs is the murder scene. It's the desert. Insects and particulates aren't going to narrow it down any more than that. We won't know that until I look at the particulates. Dr. Hodgins will have access to the bones first, Mr. Addy. That's the wrong decision. My lungs are going to come out through my throat. You know, where I come from, when you say you're driving a ways, you know, it means 45 minutes. Out here, it means four hours. We've been driving five. I maybe should have said quite a ways.</i> There it is. Well... that it? Yeah, I think so. Different time of day. You people look for the exact spot the pictures were taken. I'm gonna take another circle in the truck. Looking for your sister? I think we want to go south slightly. Maybe southwest. You can tell from the shadows? Yeah, and the angle on the outcropping. Where's he going? He's looking for his sister. Either of you two bring any water? Why? You worried? Yeah. About what? Because we are way past where Jesus lost his sandals. And I don't hear the truck anymore. No cell phone service. No water. How long do you think we'll survive out here if the sheriff doesn't come back? Three days, max. Well, how far are we from the highway? Five days, minimum. I don't like that math. Wait a second. Kirk's? It looks like it, yeah. Yeah... distributor's smashed. That's it. All the wires are pulled out. It doesn't make sense that the sheriff brings us to the scene of the crime and then leaves us to die, does it? One godforsaken part of the desert just as good as another godforsaken part of the desert. We don't even know if Sheriff Dawes actually called Alex Joseph. I mean, for all we know, he could have done all this himself. Could Dawes do that, Ange? Well, I always thought Ben Dawes was a good man. It would take a lot to change my mind. Well, like, being left to die in the desert? These tracks here, they don't match the sheriff's vehicle, they're too wide. Humvee maybe? This is blood, I think. The victim was kneeling here. Bones. Sorry. He was dragged this way, then the blood trail ends. He was thrown into the Humvee. We've got to be 200 miles from where we found Kirk's bones. You think the murderer drove that far to drop the body? Where are you going? Boo... Hey. Yup, tracks, they stop right here. What here? There's no here here. Landing strip, huh? I knew this was about drugs. Mexico's about 80 miles that way. Oh, yes. Only Angela could get a ride in the middle of nowhere. Any signs of your sister? She's been out there a week. She could still be alive if she had a few canteens of water. Humvee tracks, Sheriff. Alex Joseph? Catches Kirk and Dani out here... Sandy, this is Dawes, do you receive me? Loud and clear on the satellite, Sheriff. Where are you? Hell and gone. Listen, Sandy, I need a deputy down at the clinic, slap some cuffs on Alex Joseph. Alex Joseph took off, Sheriff. We got no idea where he went. Kellogg's Humvee. Sandy, go collect Wayne Kellogg's Humvee and we'll see you in a few hours. Any blood stains should flare a bluish-green when the luminol hits them. Nothing. Well, we know that Kirk's body was put into the Humvee. Tire treads match. It's clean. Give Kellogg his truck back. Tell him sorry for the inconvenience. Try the hood. You think they tied Kirk's bloody, dead body to the hood like an elk then drove him 200 miles before dumping him for coyotes? Even out here, people might notice. Right there. I'll be damned. Zack? Yes, Dr. Brennan? I need to know if Kirk's bones show more damage than can be explained by animal activity. Preliminary analysis indicates that the pubic rami are fractured, and the left hemipelvis is severely displaced. Congruent with a fall? Yes, Dr. Brennan. Were the remains found at the base of a cliff? He wasn't driven 200 miles. He was driven a couple hundred yards. Loaded his body in the airplane...  then tossed it.</i> Zack, I'm not happy with how long it took you to get back to me on this. We'll talk about it when I get back. Sorry, Dr. Brennan. You could have told her it wasn't your fault. I still have some work to do here. If they dumped Kirk's body from a plane, then they could have done the same to Dani. Yeah, well, Kirk was dead when they tossed him, right? Absolutely. And I saw no evidence of a second murder at the site. Which leaves me hoping either my sister is kidnapped by drug dealers or dying somewhere in the desert. Kidnapping's a federal offense. It's an FBI matter. I can help you, if you want.  Brennan.</i> Dr. Brennan, those cell phone photos you sent me of engravings... Kellogg said it was a commissioned work. I think these are engravers' plates. For what? - Currency. To be exact, I believe these are dyes for the Venezuelan 500 bolivar bill. Dyes? Counterfeiters' dyes? Yes. Did you say "counterfeiters"? I got a warrant here to search your client's studio for engraving plates. Well, as Mr. Kellogg's attorney, I can advise you, you're certain to find some. I'm an engraver. Larry, did you tell Wayne about how when someone dies during the commission of a felony, everyone involved in that felony is charged with murder? Counterfeiting is a felony. My client will confess to the counterfeiting charges, in return for immunity from the murder charge. Not good enough. He will also provide the time and place of the next pickup out in the desert. You'll be able to arrest the actual murderers. When Sheriff Dawes says "not good enough," he means his sister, Larry. My client doesn't know anything about Dani Weber. What does he know? One week ago, I arranged to meet some associates at an airstrip in the desert to pass on some commissioned artwork. He means counterfeit plates. As the plane landed, my associates noticed two people spying on them from a vantage point above the airstrip. They became very agitated. They commandeered my vehicle, and they drove up the hill. I got my Humvee, then I drove up there. But I didn't see anything. Like blood on the hood of your vehicle? Well... the fact remains that agreeing to this deal is the only way that you're going to catch the actual murderers. You know where to find me. Wayne, I need to know if they loaded Dani on that plane. I never saw Dani. Easy, Sheriff. That's my sister. My sister! I am truly sorry about Dani, Ben. Truly sorry. But I don't think Wayne knows anything. Come on, Dawes. Easy. Come on. I guess we're gonna have to take that deal, right? I was trained as an Army Ranger. That mean anything to you, Sheriff Dawes? I'd be more than happy to go back out to that crime scene, see if there's anything we haven't missed. Appreciate it. If you expect to win arguments around here, you will need at least one doctorate. I am Dr. Brennan's grad student. I'm aware. Once I get my doctorate, she will take on another grad student. My job here will go to that person. You have a first-rate mind, Mr. Addy. You can't assist Dr. Brennan forever. I really hope this is necessary. He's comfortable here. He's enamored with Dr. Brennan, and he's stopped working on his thesis. It's necessary. It's just...  I like the guy. So do I. Which is why we must think of what's best for him. It's time for Mr. Addy to grow up. So, you say Dani knows the desert pretty well? That's right. If it were you here stranded, which way would you go? Highway's about a five-day walk that way. Mexico is three days that way, and... that way's two days to a ranch. You might find some stock water, but I wouldn't count on it. And the terrain is rougher. So, it all depends on how much water she had. Is there any way to know? All right, look, we'll take a point off this compass, all right? Walk out in a straight line for 15 minutes, we look for tracks. Good? You all right? Dani went that way. Okay. Ready to go home? Yeah. You're not coming back again, are you? No. Never. He loved me. For three weeks a year. No. He loved me all the time. I was the one who could only manage three weeks a year. Oh, I'm afraid that I... I'm just afraid that I don't have a generous heart. I'm afraid that I won't... have the chance that I had with Kirk ever again. You will. How can you be so sure? Because nothing in this universe happens just once, Angela. Nothing. Infinity goes in both directions. There is no unique event, no singular moment. I don't know what that means. It means you will get another chance. You promise? From your heart? Better. From my head. And yes, Ange, I promise... from my heart... you will get another chance. Well, Dawes and his deputies, they caught the counterfeiters. Dani gave a statement saying that it was Kellogg who pulled the trigger on Kirk. Dani knows that you saved her life. You pointed that helicopter in the right direction. Obviously, you subconsciously sifted through the rational facts of the case and processed the most likely scenario. I'm sure that's it. Yeah, what else could it be? Well, it's the only rational explanation. Are you guys making fun of me? You know, let's go back home. You know?