This is the pediatric cancer floor of a hospital. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right.Well,what I'm about to show deputy director cullen is kind of gruesome. Why are we meeting cullen here? Because he's the deputy director of the fbi, and this is where he wants us to show it to him. Okay,listen,about a month ago his daughter amy was diagnosed with cancer-- meso... mesothelioma--lung cancer. Exactly.She's not doing so well. So it's a lot easier for us to come to him right now. Hmm.What? Nothing. It's just that's an extremely rare form of lung cancer. Odd for someone amy's age to contract... no,no,no.No probing,okay? Not to cullen,not to his family.This'll take five minutes.We go in there, we do the show-and-tell relating to the case,and then we're out.Is that clear? I just think it's peculiar... no.But I... no.You have to admit... booth.Dr. Brennan. How appropriate--you two bickering in an adolescent wing. Uh,sir,yes. Um,is it okay if we come in,sir? What do you think,sweetheart? Booth's cool,most of the time. You heard the lady.You're cool. Yeah,right. Are you sure it's all right for me to do this here? Nothing I haven't seen before. Let's see what you got here,angela. Note the estimated time of death is mid-june. Extreme humidity combined with insects and precipitation accelerated the rate of decomp. So,based on this,the victim's body was not mutilated after death? The effects were totally environmental. Murder doesn't fit the suspect's profile,sir. It's not nice to fool mother nature. I'd like to see this again. Knock yourself out,sir.86 times is our limit. Can I see your drawings? These are beautiful. Our artist in the making. Right now I'm doing landscapes. I'm really into this french dude,rousseau. Yeah. There's a lot of rousseau in paris. Have you ever been to the louvre? No,not yet.But it's on my list. Right after "fall in love" and "learn to drive." Well,you've got a great eye. Thanks. I think what you do is pretty awesome,too. I mean,computers are not for me,but I get it. Can I see what you're working on? She's amazing. Amy's been very brave this week. They're trying an experimental viro-chemo therapy. And we're very optimistic. Since asbestos exposure is the primary way people contract mesothelioma, how do you think amy... How  you think amy got it? We don't know,dr. Brennan. First place we looked after she was diagnosed was all her previous schools,the house we lived in.Nothing. Has there been a history of illness? Hardly.Apart from breaking her leg snowboarding a year ago, I can't remember the last time she was sick. How bad was the break? Compound fracture,left tibia. I was boarding with some friends,and I hit a tree.Pretty dumb,huh? And that required surgery? A bone graft. You know,I hate to drag these lovely squints back to the lab,but we have another case. No we don'T.--Oh,yes we do. Could I see amy's graft x-rays? Sir,I apologize...--of course. If you think they'll tell us anything. What? Pardon the fromage reference,but what's with the moldy gruyere in that leg? The lighter color is evidence of demineralization. I'm not the bone expert here,but yuck. Osteoporosis. Basically. The bone has become porous,something that happens with age. Zack,see if you can isolate the grafted portion and enlarge it. Amy cullen's file states the donor of the bone was 25 years old. I don't buy it. What about the aging disease? I've seen progerian skeletons;this isn't one of them. This bone is significantly less dense than a person in their 20'S.That's for sure. How old do you think the donor really was? Judging from the reduction in bone mass...at least 60. Doctor,you performed amy cullen's graft,correct? Yes,but I just do the procedure,ms. Brennan. Dr. Brennan.--Md? Phd. Well,those who can't do,do research. Okay...--booth. Okay,fine. If you're just the mechanic,then who's responsible for all the parts that you install? You'll have to check with the hospital's transplant coordinator. Why? What's going on? There are indications the bone graft you implanted in amy cullen gave her cancer. That's impossible.Every graft we get has been tested and irradiated. There's one way to know for sure.Assuming significant remodeling hasn't occurred, do a transiliac crest core biopsy on the donor bone.Then we'll have age and pathology. And who's going to perform that biopsy,doctor? You are. Looks like it hurts. They use local anesthetic and make a small incision before inserting the needle into the bone. A tiny core of bone is taken,a little more than a sixth of an inch in diameter, using a ratchet-like device in the needle. So,it hurts? Amy's a tough kid. She's doing great. It's not amy I'm worried about. Let's go talk to the coordinator who bought the graft. Unlike amy,he gets to go home tonight. You're a popular man,dr. Ogden. Well,when you're responsible for finding body parts that save lives,you have no idea. I had one gentleman offer me his cattle ranch in montana. People,they get desperate.Right?Did you take him up on it? That would be dishonest,agent booth. If anything,this office  built on the goodness of people. Cullen,amy A.Bone graft number 4-4-2-9. All right.According to my report... the bone that was donated was harvested from a 25-year-old. Can you give us the name of the donor? I can't provide you with that information. What about other recipients? Any other patients here get a part from the same body? When I said I couldn't tell you,it's because we have no way of knowing. You'd have to ask the tissue bank for that. Biotech tissue services. We've been using them for a long time;never had a problem. Amy cullen has a problem.She's dying. Through no fault of this office,I'm sure. If we can be of any further assistance,don't hesitate to call. Thanks for being so sympathetic.We'll check into it. New osteologic scans to input,as requested. Hey,check this out. Monet? Amy cullen.--You're kidding. No. I ran it through the digitizer. She's a good kid. I wanted to show her that computers don't have to be the enemy. Not bad for a certified member of the geek squad. I'll take that as a compliment. You should. This is a cross-section from amy's bone graft. Zack,what's the ratio of primary to secondary osteons? I only see secondary.Exactly what you'd expect to see in an older decedent. And accompanying data? I'm no expert,but I think it supports,as well. So,based on this one sample,it's clear that the donor bone came from someone in their 60'S. But how do we know it's the bone that gave amy cancer? Because of this.Magnify. The graft is riddled with cancer. Cancer consistent with morphology origin in the pleura. Most likely mesothelioma. Whoever this is had terminal cancer. And now so does amy. She went in for a broken leg and was poisoned. She never even had a chance. Someone knew that bone was infected,and they gave it to her,anyway. This will kill amy cullen. Well,in that case,it's murder. your daughter's cancer originated in the bone graft.The test confirms it. It was the operation? Not only was the bone contaminated by malignancy, it was significantly older than documented. It was expired or something? No,sir,it came from a much older donor. Someone in their 60'S. Hospital error. The next step would be to find out where the graft came from and how it slipped through the system. This is not fbi jurisdiction. It's a question of justice. Does this in any way change my daughter's prognosis? No. So she's still going to die of this cancer. Barring spontaneous remission, the likelihood is significant. The fbi is not my personal police force. I appreciate what you've discovered. Call charlie hammond,cdc. Tell him what happened.They'll continue the investigation. My team can still...--we'll notify cdc right away. So that's it?Whoever did this to amy cullen just gets away? No. What we do now is we find out a way to make this a legitimate fbi case. If one graft is infected,there's no telling how many others are outhere. Jeez,you know,I feel like i'm on a serial-kill case just waiting for another victim to surface.--You're not far off. What if biotech makes a habit of selling diseased parts? Well,then it becomes fbi business if one of these tainted grafts is sold across state line. Well,you can spit into four states from where we are right now. What? Not... literally. Okay,first,we have to find out if this tissue lab is servicing any other hospitals. See if they've killed anyone else. Amy cullen is not dead,bones.--I'm afraid there's a degree of inevitability. Sorry. it's pretty excellent,huh? Is that mine? How'd you do that? Most of the time,I restore and enhance old bones,so... this was a lot more fun. It's hard,you know. One second I'm at school,I'm going to be an artist. And the next... my friends don't know what to say. My parents are scared. Things change,I guess. Yeah. Yeah,sometimes they do. Angela? Is the louvre just unbelievable? It's the most beautiful place you'll ever see. Maybe you can tell me about it sometime. You'll go there yourself. I know you will. 270,here's biotech.When we get in there,we'll sweat the head guy. hello?F... bi. Okay.So this is biotech. Sorry I couldn't be any more help. Thanks,I appreciate it. All right,building manager says biotech went belly-up two years ago. They couldn't even pay the last month's rent. Where'd they go? Well,he doesn't know. What,two years ago? Exactly. And,I mean, amy cullen's graft was sold to washington general 12 months ago. If biotech doesn't exist,who sold the diseased bone to the hospital? Where is he? Dr. Ogden had to oversee the transport of a liver to baltimore. He won't be back until morning. Oh,a liver?Where'd he get this one from,huh?An alcoholic at a corner bar? We've dealt with biotech for years.They're very reputable. There's no such company as biotech. That's not possible. Well,you know what I think?I think ogden's in on the whole thing. A little bio-medical payola.Buys third-rate parts in exchange for a condo in st. Croix. Dr. Ogden's a very good man. I know there were problems in his past,but that'S... oh,you mean there are skeletons in his closet.Well,I can't wait to see this guy's record. Alexandra,is there any way to tell if a patient at washington general received a graft from the same donor as amy cullen? Only the tissue lab knows for sure. But... after you left,I was curious,and... please.It's already too late for amy,but... it might not be for someone else. A woman named kelly demarco. It was a car accident. This is booth. I need a phone and address for a kelly demarco in the potomac area. Two grafts,same day as amy.Both grafts came from biotech. When? You sure?What is it? Thanks.Kelly demarco.She's dead. Oh,my god. We need to know for sure if she had the same kind of cancer.We have to exhume her. kelly demarco,age 32,died of lung cancer two months ago. Take a biopsy of this ulna graft from ms. Demarco, and compare it with the core sample from amy's leg. Now,look,I spoke to demarco's husband. She had the accident,she had all the operations. You know,never smoked a cigarette in her whole life, only to die of lung cancer eight months ago. When your number's up,I guess,right? I never understood that saying:"When your number's up." Numbers and equations are quantitative and predictable. Everyone knows when a number's up. How do you listen to this all day? I find intelligence soothing. It's amazing how quickly this spread. The grafts went into this woman's body, and within weeks the cancer cells metastasized to her lungs. By then the disease was unstoppable. Same bones,same donor.Same disease. Oh,look,I got three agents out there right now searching for biotech. But all we have to work on is this e-mail address assigned to a fictitious name. Okay,let's just say that ogden and this fake tissue lab are in cahoots. How many other bones out there could be from the same donor? There are 206 bones in the human body,agent booth. Of those,any number of them are graftable. Okay,you're saying that hundreds of people could still be out there with cancer time-bombs in them and not even realize it? We need to call every hospital in the D. C. Area. If they acquired biotech grafts at the same time as amy, those recipients need to be tracd down and tested immediately. Fine.If you're right,then the bureau can then officially designate this a "serial killing." Agent booth?The records you've been waiting for. Well,look at this.Alexandra combs,she wasn't lying. Background check turns up that ogden was fired from a private hospital in denver. Reason?--Accepting a bribe for bumping someone up on the donor lists. The guy is dirty. Look.What I did in denver was wrong,but I did it for good reason. To line your pockets? The money went to keep a struggling clinic afloat. Besides,it came from a family that could afford it. So taking advantage of wealthy people is okay? I'm not saying I'm proud of what I did,dr. Brennan, but just because i took that bribe doesn't mean I had anything to do with this. Why don't you tell us about your relationship with biotech? Same that I have with every company I deal with--a virtual one. E-mails,on-line financial transactions. My assistant sends out a country-wide search for the organ or bone that we're looking for. They respond back,and we bid. If we can reach an agreement,then the part is immediately transported for surgery. And in amy cullen's case? Same protocol:I bid,I bought,I received.No conversations were had. We are not required to check out suppliers each and every time we take an order. You know what,ogden,I'm going to contact every bank you've done business with. If I find one deposit that's suspicious,you know what?You're mine. I swear to you i am not involved in this.I haven't hurt anybody. Your work is awesome. Thanks. There's so much going on,you know. So much to feel.I just don't know if I'll ever be able to do something like this. You will.Just give it time. Well,I may not have a lot of that. Your paintings and your sculpture. They're alive,you know?It's like.. you're showing me how you felt when you painted them.What you've experienced. I can't paint what I don't know. Amy,you've been through more than most people. You mean dying? It's not enough. I really think it's best for you to stay positive. Keep doing things,you mean? With your art?Yeah,absolutely. What about guys? Ah,well.that totally goes without saying. What's his name? Aaron.His family just moved here from maine. Is he cute? He's so cute. Did you ask him out? No. He asked me,but,I...I don't know,I said no. Well,why? Look,you haven't asked my advice, so I'm just going to give it to you.Okay? Just have fun. You know,every once in a while,you... you might meet somebody who's worth it. What if he's not? Then you've got something else to paint about. The bureau's canvassed every hospital in the area. Four have been using biotech bone grafts. And three recipients from those hospitals have lung cancer. Here's another one.And this one died of lung cancer three months ago. I'm checking on a burial site. That makes 13,including amy and the demarco woman. Probably all from the same donor. We're still waiting on bethesda naval hospital. Can you id these people? Yeah,names and addresses on all of them. I've already contacted washington general to set up a biopsy testing facility. Whew,man.How can one dead guy do so much damage? That's a good idea. What idea? Identify the donor,and we might be able to find out how biotech got his bones. Got it.Second decedent's name is ronald lupo. I found him at a cemetery in lynchburg. Virginia? Yeah,why? Because it means that this fraud just crossed state lines and became a legitimate case for the fbi. Looks like I don't have to use my sick days anymore,huh? How many? Sick or dead?--dead. Two. That we know of.But that makes it a multiple homicide case. And since it's not isolated to the district,and the recipients are in multiple states... this falls under fbi jurisdiction. Yes,sir. I should kick your ass. Yeah. What'd you do,take sick time to work on this? Yeah.Migraine. Thanks,booth. Catch the son of a bitch that did this to my daughter. That's absolutely my intention,sir. Results? So far there are three other early signs of cancer cells. Aggressive chemo and radiation treatments should be able to slow it down. Admiring your handiwork,doctor? I'm sorry. Amy? Let me. Easy. Hey.You all right? Did all these people get bones from the same donor I did? Uh-huh. Do they all have cancer? No,not all of them. But the sooner the ones who are infected know,the better. Who would do a thing like that? If they knew they were sick,why make other people sick,too? I don't know.It's terrible. But that's what we're trying to figure out. So,if you take the bad grafts out, will they be okay? Some of 'em. But...not me? No. I want this out of me. Sweetheart,you're not strong enough... get them to take it out. Amy,you have to understand.All of these people... I don't care! You're saving their lives. We've traced all these grafts back to the donor and still know almost nothing. Well,not exactly nothing. Zack,look at the slope of the sciatic notch in the pelvis. And the non-elevated auricular surface. He was definitely male. The osteon count in the femoral joint confirms the donor was over 60. It's a solid start,but we need a lot more. Osteophytosis with narrowing of intervertebral spaces indicates consistent heavy lifting. Construction worker? It's hard to say,exactly.Definitely a burly type. If we can keep guessing about what he was like on the inside, then angela can hypothesize about his appearance,size,weight. I'm on it. I scanned in the x-rays of all the graft recipients, as well as the pieces from the exhumed bodies. Okay.Now what? Connect the dots? More like connect the body parts. Think of it as sculpting from the inside out. The more that I know about our donor, the better i can guess what he might have looked like. The fragments originated from nine sites on the donor's body. If we connect the grafts... now input all the anatomical factors and core anomalies. Guys,meet donor x,the man who caused all this pain. So that's our serial killer. God,he probably had no idea how much damage he was gonna cause. Do we have enough to track him down? Hodgins? Maybe.With libs. Who's libs? Laser induced breakdown spectroscopy. It'll give us an elemental analysis of the old bastard. Angela told us what he looked like. Now hodgins can tell us where lived. Well,we'll find him. We have to. Strontium isotope levels suggest donor x lived the last 20 years on the east coast. Extremely low levels of fluoride in the cancellous bone. Unusual,since most tap water is fluoridated. Except for parts of the appalachian mountains. A few of the hatfields and the mccoys still have no teeth. So,we're looking for someone from tennessee,west virginia,or north carolina. Oh,great. That,uh,narrows it down. High levels of c8.That's a key ingredient of teflon. There's a teflon plant in parkersburg,west virginia. And miniscule traces of nuclear sub particles. Wasn't there a problem about 15 years ago at  brant's cliff power facility? Yeah,just a little one. Employees there were growing a second head.Can you say cover-up? Okay,where's brant's cliff? West virginia,also. Okay,fine.So then we're trying to id a guy who's 65 years of age, roughly 200 pounds,lives in west virginia,died of lung cancer within the last year,right? Hey,look,there are three potential west virginia donors we could be talking about. There's-there's lester blake out of tague.There's blair simmons out of... hey,lady,watch where you're driving! I'd rather not be a donor myself. Blair simmons out of daily.And william hastings out of beard's fork. All three men died of mesothelioma last august. Okay,we'll be in beard's fork within about an hour,okay? You sure zack and hodgins are on the other two,right? this is brennan. Dr. Brennan,I'm at lester blake's exhumation.I've examined the remains. this is booth. Blair simmons isn't dead. What? He's frozen.In a cryogenics lab. What do you mean,frozen? Like a supermarket turkey.Not a scratch on him. And I think he's wedged between walt disney and ted williams. There's no sign of body tampering, and it's clear his casket hasn't been opened since his burial. So,if blake isn't our donor... so if simmons isn't our donor... mrs. Hastings,what did your husband do for a living? Ah,this and that. Bill worked in construction for a time.Did the night shift down at brant's cliff. Opened a roofing business a few years back. Roofing? Shingling and fire proofing and such. So he handled asbestos? Doctors say that's what finally got him. Why are you all so curious? well,mrs. Hastings,your husband did time for petty theft and fraud. And you lost your home,your cars.And he left you with nothing. Ah,bill hastings was an old fool who deserved what came to him. You needed money.Did anyone approach you about selling his parts after he died? Pardon?I-I'm afraid I don't follow. Well,his family has a cemetery plot in kincaid,yet you cremated him. Are you...are you hiding something? I did that because the guy at the funeral home said it was cheaper. We couldn't afford a proper burial. What funeral home? Um,it was called martin...I think. Where are the ashes? Out back in the rd. Would you mind if we take a sample? I sure as hell do. I don't like what y'all are accusing me of doing. All right,we'll just come back with a warrant,that's all. You better bring you some dogs and bring those trigger-happy agents of yours,too,'cause this conversation is over. Come on,bones,let's go.Have a nice day. Look,she insists that her husband wasn't the donor,but the evidence is overwhelming. If I could get my hands on a soil sample, I know there are bone fragments still intact that we can positively identify him with. Was there an insurance policy in place? None. More reason to sell the illegal grafts. Look,the funeral home had to have been in cahoots with her. So,all you have to do is connect the widow to the funeral home. Then the home to biotech. Mr. Cullen? We need to speak to you and amy's mother privately. She's telling them the treatment didn't work. And there's nothing else they can do. I hate seeing them so sad. Bones? Bones?Bones,I know that you find dead people intriguing, but just try to put on your sad face. I'm sorry.I'm in the middle of a service. Well,this will only take a minute.Uh,mr... jessup--he-he ain't going nowhere. And what's this about,exactly? William hastings. Uh,is he someone you've lost? More like somebody we've found. He passed away a year ago.You cremated him,but somehow, his bones were illegally harvested prior to the procedure. Uh,not here. What do you mean? Well,this is my mortuary. I've been in business almost a decade,and I have no recollection whatsoever of a mr. Hastings. His wife mentioned this place specifically. It's unfortunate, but the bereaved are often confused. In this case,I don't think so. We don't think so. If you'll excuse me,I have mourners waiting. Well,maybe you can just double-check your records and get back to me. I would,but my records are impeccable.There's nothing to double-check. That was quick. I need to get those ashes from her yard. You got' em. All right,I'll get the warrant. And don't forget the dogs and the gun toting agents she asked for. Oh,believe me,trust me,I won't forget that. So I looked it up on the internet. You can get $10,000 for grafts on the black market these days. ten grand?Jeez,my bones are worth more than that. What makes you so special? Three glasses of milk a day,I work out,and i eat right. X-ray micro-fluorescence shows a high concentration of calcium carbonate. That's a revelation. Seriously,hodgins,is there anything that we can link to william hastings' medical records? Everything tracks. The cremains are consistent to those of william hastings. Question I keep asking is, if the widow is guilty,why keep the remains so close to home? What if she didn't know about it? Oh,come on,bones.She hated the guy. My guess is she's got ten gs stuffed in her mattress back in trailerville. No,I mean it.There are no unusual bank records,no deposits. What if they took the grafts,gave her back the ashes,and she was none the wiser? Man,is she going to be pissed. So,if it's not the widow hastings,I'm doubling down on the mortician. Everybody in? You in? Ah,jeez. Excuse me. This body is being prepped.What do you want? What we want is to know where you harvested mr. Hastings' body. I told you,I don't know who hastings is. Well,we think you're lying. We think you're selling bone and tissue grafts illegally. And I think your accusations are outlandish,and you should call my lawyer. Yeah? Well,we have a warrant here to look around a little. What's this place? Casket showroom.They're having a sale. It's like a sick department store. All right,you know what?Nobody would be cutting anybody up in this place.Let's go. Whoa. Wait.Over there. What?It's a water line.What's the big deal? But the floor slopes toward the center of the room. This wasn't always used for a showroom. I wonder what's under the carpet. If body work was done in here,they'd need a drain. You kidding me?It's a drain? This is our sales office.There is nothing in here you need to see. The only thing in this room is caskets. I'm not so sure about that. You're making a mistake. Am I? She's ruining my merchandise! Come on. How much is that one? $7,000.--bones,watch the scuff marks Mr. Martin,this room is designed to be washed clean.You've got drains in the floor. I think this is where you did the bone harvesting. When you thought we were coming back,you moved everything around. That's absurd.I did no such thing. You're an excellent house cleaner. But in the carpeting and tidying up,you forgot about one thing. Bone dust. You forgot about airborne particles. today,zack.I need something today. Hey,don't harass my assistant. That's right.That's our job. I sifted dust particles through a series of filters, then separated the largest pieces and magnified them to compare the osteons. The particles in the vent definitely came from cutting human skeletal remains. William hastings' remains? I'm comparing particles to the biopsy we excised from kelly demarco. Compare. So?Is it him? It's him. But here's the kickster... "kicker," bones.Here's the kicker. There's bone dust from at least seven other bodies in that vent filter as well. Seven? Cutting through periosteum for grafting purposes takes medical training. Except for the tainted samples, these bone grafts are expertly harvested. Okay,so we're looking for someone who has medical training. Martin is a mortician,not a doctor. Let's say he's running a chop shop.Let's say he was selling illegal parts to tissue labs. Who was actually doing the cutting? And who was selling to hospitals as biotech? How much money have you made over the years doing this,nick? Tens,oh,hundreds of thousands of dollars? I don't know what you're talking about. William hastings had an aggressive form of cancer that was very rare. You made some pocket change off his grafts.You didn't even tell his wife. Now a bunch of people are sick.Two died.You're looking at multiple counts of mudder. I didn't kill anybody. No,no,you didn't kill anybody. Mean,they were already dead.You were just recycling. I didn't do anything wrong. You have any doctor training? No.--Spend any time in the service as a medic or a nurse? No.--Then who did the cutting? Who did the cutting of the grafts,huh?Somebody knew what they were doing. Your phone records show that during the months around hastings' death, you received dozens of calls from disposable cells. Four different ones,huh?What do you make of that? I don't recall this. You know what?The dust that we got off the vent in your showroom matched hastings and seven other bodies.Who do you work with? I don't know what you're talking about. I think you do.I think you and your partners knew that the bones were cancerous,and you didn't care! Who is it,huh?Who the hell did this to my daughter?!Huh?! I got him,sir.Please. Bones,how long is it going to take you to... bones?!Come on. Oh,dr. Brennan.You startled me. Mind if I come in? Not at all. I was just trying to keep things organized. What we do here is so important. We can't risk making any mistakes. Ms. Combs,tell me,what do you use these phones for? Recipients,primarily. We never know when a donor organ is going to come in. So it's imperative that they can be reached at all times. Ever use one yourself? What can I do for you,doctor? Have you always wanted to work in a hospital? I mean,it's incredibly rewarding,I know.But you ever want to study medicine? I did at one time. Yes. How do you feel,ms. Combs? Have you been coughing at all?Do you feel a tightness in your chest? I feel fine,actually. How often does dr. Ogden write prescriptions? Rarely.As coordinator,he doesn't practice. Yet the pharmacy downstairs told the fbi that he wrote you a script for an expectorant for a cough. Well,there must be some mistake.He'd never... you wrote that prescription yourself,didn't you? I know what you've been doing with martin,to hastings and the others. See,if you'd finished medical school,you'd know. Bone dust is very dangerous if inhaled. When you were taking those grafts,I doubt you were wearing a mask. You're sick,ms. Combs.And I don't just mean in a mentally disturbed way. This is ridiculous.You can't prove anything. We're in a hospital.Why don't we go get a chest x-ray and find out? I'd like to read you your rights. Alexandra, what's going on? So the transplant assistant fancied herself a doctor? Not a doctor exactly,but qualified enough to extricate bone grafts from a cadaver. And what about biotech tissue labs? Once,it was a legitimate company. Combs kept it alive on the web and funneled the money into her own well-disguised bank account. So where does that leave amy? Same as where she started,just with answers,that's all. Well,that is perfect. Angela.--It's okay.I got it. Hey. Hey. You all right? Yeah. No.No,I'm not. Look,we can solve 100-year-old crimes. We can track down serial killers and identify people when nothing is left of them but sludge. So why can't we help a 15-year-old girl? All she wants to do is fall in love and visit the louvre. You can do that. What do you mean? You made a whole guy out of bone chips and lights. You can create the louvre. What about love? What do you have to say about love? It's overrated. Most of the time. Okay. Now,tell me what you see. Oh,wow,no way.Angela,this is unbelievable. Welcome to the louvre. I'm really there. That's amazing. Is this your doing,dr. Brennan? No,sir.It's all ms. Montenegro. Thank you,angela. You're welcome.So what do you think? I think it's like heaven. I don't know what to say.