Yeah, 'cause it's snowing! Come make a snowman with me! What have you done in here? Sweetie, come here. Oh, my God! What's wrong? It's not the good kind of snow, honey. Cool! Dibs on the skull. Who keeps this much junk? Washington Capitals puck from the '80s. That's classic. Victim is male... in his 40s. That's it? That's all you got? I mean, usually you have just a list of specifics I don't even understand. - I'm very distracted. - I bet you are with all the junk here. No, not that. You probably heard about the full set of interspecies hominid remains that were found in the Maluku Islands. - I missed that one. Where's Mypoopoo? - Maluku. Indonesia. Anyway, this could be a crucial link in the evolutionary chain. Could be huge, I bet. But what about the 40-year-old dead guy here? There are apparent perimortem injuries to the temporal and parietal bones, and the squamosal suture. So, he got hit in the head? Let's go see if what hit him is upstairs. And I'm keepin' the puck, that's vintage. I tried to get him to clean up his place. He wouldn't answer the door and his phone. It's clean by now. His stuff came crashing through the ceiling of the downstairs apartment. You know what'd be great? If it didn't get out that Murphy died in it. Makes it tougher to rent. A big hole in the floor probably makes it less desirable, too. - Not one of those guys. - What guys? A hoarder. This is an anthropological microcosm of this man's life. How are we gonna find any pertinent evidence in all this crap? All this "crap" is evidence, Booth. This is a little slice of heaven. Cockroaches, fleas, rat droppings, bat guano. One of those guys. I think I'll be happier downstairs with the dead stuff. Who could live in this stench? Put on the fan there, will ya? Sense of smell, it's destroyed after awhile. Must be a survival mechanism. In the Maluku Islands. It's a remarkable find. Better than upstairs? Well, upstairs can't really shed light on the interspecies similarities of human evolution. Now this guy must've been dead for a long time. Maybe not. Hodgins found so many insects and rodents, they could've cleaned the flesh quite rapidly. Anyway, remains were found on the islands which suggest <i>Homo floresienses</i> may have mated with early <i>Homo sapiens</i>. I've been in touch with the organizing committee. Really? That shouldn't cause surprise. I'm an anthropologist. Who's been focusing on murder lately. Lately. Down below. You might want to check this out. - Did you find more remains? - Not exactly. I did, however, find 36 waffle irons. No syrup though, so what's the point? Right. Behold. I'm thinking cause of death might have something to do with blood loss. Bones - Season 5 Episode 22 "The Beginning in the End" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- There. A place for everything, and everything in its place. The place for this guy's flesh is on his bones, not in the buggy bellies of thousands of maggots. Dental records confirm that these are the remains of Timothy Daniel Murphy, age 48. You'll excuse me if I'm a bit excited. You've a thing for hoarders, do you? Lord, no. They make a little nauseous, actually, but I have excellent control of my gag reflex. There are two sets of parallel cleft wounds to the parietal and temporal bones, consistent with an attack with some kind of blade. Hacked to death, that would explain all the blood. - Weren't we talking about me? - It always seems that way. It's just... I've been accepted to go to the Maluku Islands! Hearing loss, Ms. Wick. That is excellent news. That did not sound sincere. If it weren't for that letter of recommendation you wrote, I would not've made the cut. I had no idea that recommendation was for the Maluku project. But it was. This is amazing. I could be referenced in research materials. Daisy, you have to stop making that noise. Hacking suggests a crime of passion. Any blade marks on the other bones? Yes, Ms. Wick is indeed very fortunate. The Maluku anthropological team could influence scientific thought for many years. Perhaps we could return from the Maluku Islands and focus on the murder? Disposophobics. What's that? The psychiatric term for those who hoard. These photos indicate that the victim was a level five hoarder. - Five out of ten? - No, out of five. Well, things are usually out of ten. Well, they should be out of ten. But level five is extremely severe. You'd be classified as a level one. Me? I've seen your office, your apartment. You cling. I don't cling, OK? I collect things. It's a big difference. Level five disposophobic might also be an agoraphobic, which would limit his relationships in the outside world. You'd be dealing with a very small pool of suspects. - Why are you staring at that soldier? - That's not a soldier. That's a full bird colonel in the U.S. Rangers. And he's staring at me. - I hope this is coincidental. - Most definitely not, Master Sergeant. No, I'm not a master sergeant. FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth. - Why'd they send you? - I told them you'd talk to me. - So far, so good. - I'm not talking to you. This is me not talking to you. We're losing men every day, men who don't have to die and wouldn't if you trained them. Your country needs you. Don't say that word. I served my country, Colonel. - Who's that guy? - Do me a favor, Just head back to the murder victim's apartment, see if you can pick out any psychological clues from the garbage, okay? Hello? Look at you, all squinted up. Yeah, they didn't really get me a pair that fits. To be honest, I'm feeling kind of pinched in my... Those photographs did not lie. So have you found anything that points to the killer? No, not unless he was trying to hoard the hoarder's hoard. There might have been something of value in all this, right? You think someone actually tried to take something from here? How would he even know where to look? Did I just see a snake? Thamnophis sirtalis. It's a common garter snake. We're on the third floor. How does he get in here? Probably followed the bats, rats, mice, squirrels, and fleas. There's also extensive termite damage, which explains why the entire floor fell into the apartment below. Four, five, six fans, and there're air fresheners hanging all over, obviously there were complaints by the neighbors. Suspects. I mean, heck, wouldn't you kill him if you lived next door to this? Daisy said that the victim was killed by a blade. Hacked to death maybe. This could be the murder weapon. You can put it over there with all the others. Maybe all of these fell on him and it was just an accident. That wouldn't explain the blood spatter. This is going to be difficult because everywhere you look, there's a weapon. - What's wrong? - He's back. - Who's back? - Angela's father. Okay, I saw him down there. You don't believe me, but I saw him. No, I totally believe you. The man carries a black cat bone in his back pocket. God help me. Yeah, of course I got complaints. And not just from his floor, from the whole building, from people passing by on the street. - Why didn't you just evict him? - I tried and tried and tried. Look, "eviction notice for cause, to wit: health, hygiene, damage to the building." Here's a summons and a complaint, both of which Mr. Murphy ignored, and multiple filings with the health department, including mold, mildew, dust mites, vermin... And there are snakes in the apartment, Agent Booth. Snakes. Why couldn't you have turned off the heat? Yeah, because that would be illegal. He could sue me. All this stuff must have made you pretty desperate. Yeah, I know you think I killed Murphy to get him out of the apartment. The building is rent-controlled. You could have just kicked him out and charged your new tenant double. More like quadruple, but I didn't kill him. I went through the channels, which you can see... These are the court filings which Mr. Murphy ignored, the last one filed three days ago. You sure came prepared. I got to pay for the ceiling that collapsed. I can't afford that and a lawyer. What are you doing here? Well, you asked me here to compare notes on the murder. Right. Yeah. Who was that soldier? Just an old army buddy of mine. You didn't look like buddies. What, you can tell stuff like that? You've taught me to be more observant of human interaction. I can tell you're reluctant to be honest about your real relationship with him. Secretary of Defense? They want you to go back into the Army? As a Sergeant Major? I thought you were a Master Sergeant. They're just trying to tempt me with a promotion, but I'm not going. This lists your commendations. You were... really good at being a soldier. Why do they want you back? They just think that my experience as an FBI agent and a sniper - in the first Gulf War... - You could train soldiers in techniques for tracking and apprehending insurgents. Well, I'm real happy tracking and catching murderers right here. You could save lives. Of course they say that. It's the Army. That's what they want. You don't think that? Yeah, but I mean, anyone would in that position. Not everybody is as good as you. I served my country, I have a kid here. I got responsibilities, all right? I'm not going to go to Afghanistan, and you to the Makapoopoo Islands. Maluku. Right. Exactly. You know what? We have our jobs here, right? Excuse me, Dr. Brennan. If I could just have a moment. And I'd like to preface my statement with a caveat. - Your unquestionable brilliance... - What is it, Ms. Wick? In your preliminary report, you said the injuries to the temporal and parietal bones and squamosal suture were inflicted at time of death. That's correct. "That" meaning what I said, or "that" meaning what you said? - I'll read what you wrote. - That's not... "There are apparent perimortem injuries to the temporal and parietal bones and the squamosal suture." That sounds correct. How angry would you be if it were not correct? - You mean if I were wrong? - I would never state it in those kind of bald terms. Does inaccurate sound better? No. - Erroneous? - What have you found? You'll know instantly when I point it out. Here... and here under 40 times magnification. Remodeling. The wounds started to heal before the victim died. Which means we have no clear cause of death. And even after your superlative recommendation, I am stumped. Please conduct a histological study of the bones. Yes, yes, of course. May I ask why you want to do that? There's something funny about the way these bones feel. Bones have a feel? Touch them. Compare them kinetically to the thousands of other bones you've examined. Lighter. My God, yes. I wish you were coming to Maluku. It seems odd that you'd be missing something so important. The histological study, Ms. Wick. The victim's apartment is like an archaeological dig. We should be able to put together a picture of his life from his effects. Now, Hodgins is dating each pile of junk according to insect larvae, rat droppings and the yellowing of the paper. Apparently, he's been hoarding stuff for about four years. The oldest is where he fell through the ceiling. Hoarders often organize their holdings by category and value, much like one would find in a museum. So he was curating garbage? The term garbage is relative. The only intrinsic value things have is what we give them. It seems odd now, but in Holland, tulip bulbs were once as valuable as houses. Maybe we all overvalue things that are... essentially worthless. Well, that was more than a comment on this case. What's going on? What separates what I do here from what this man did? So, going to Malulu is worth more? Maluku. The murders will never stop, but this find has real, finite value. I'd be able to answer questions about our origin, evolutionary track. It has implications for history, science. Listen, you're allowed to make life changes without picking a fight with your old life. But I need a break from that life. I'm worried all the time. Worried that Booth might get hurt on a case, and I couldn't prevent it, worried... about what our partnership means. So you want to get away from Booth? No. It's just... I just need some perspective so that I can view my life with some objectivity. Have you talked to him about it? The Army wants Booth to go to Afghanistan. To train soldiers in the apprehension of terrorists. Is he going to go? Even though he said he wasn't, it felt like he wanted to. Perhaps it's all for the best. You two at opposite ends of the world? I don't think so. We have work. Traditionally, hoarders have one section of possessions that has a greater value than the others. We should be looking for that. Where did you learn how to throw a fast ball like that? You were amazing. - You taught me. - No! No. I'm not that good. Right? Yeah. Dad? Are you going back to being a soldier? Why are you asking me that? Mom said the Army called our house, looking for you. I'm not in the Army anymore. I'm out, okay? I made a decision to stay with the FBI to be with you all the time. It's my fault? - Is what your fault? - It's my fault people are going to die? That's not what I meant. I want you to save lives. Well, I do that here. No, here, you catch people that kill other people. There, you would make it so people won't die. Isn't that better? It was just a phone call, buddy. That's all. It's over with. I got an even better idea. What do you say we go get one of those huge, giant, root beer floats that you love - so much? - Sure. All right. My kid. Where are the Maluku Islands? Formerly known as the Spice Islands, indicating they smell very good. There are earthquakes and volcanoes, and a number - of venomous creatures. - What about our wedding? We could elope in the Maluku Islands. What then? What would I do there? I know this isn't easy for you, Lancelot. But this is the biggest career opportunity I've ever had, and, like my mentor, Dr. Temperance Brennan, my career means everything to me. Everything. For now. I know you're not exactly Mr. Adventure, so this has to be difficult for you. But this is a once-in-a-lifetime chance. I have to go. For a year. What? If you do decide to follow me, here's some literature on the Maluku Islands. You were a swimmer in college. There seem to be lucrative opportunities in the pearl-diving trade. Hello. Special Agent Seeley Booth. Hey, Booth, - <i>I found something.</i> - What kind of something? It's accounting records dated four years ago.</i> They seem to have been neatly put away. What if the traumatic event that turned him into a hoarder was work-related? I mean, remember Enron? Madoff? Those guys would've loved to have killed their accountant.</i> I'm just saying, you never know what secret lives people have in their past. You know what I mean?</i> Yeah, I do. All right, I'm going to crate these up and I'll go ahead</i> and send 'em over to you... You hung up, didn't you? Booth? Yeah, okay. That wasn't a scream. That was a yelp. It's perfectly understandable. This is a... crime scene, so, technically, no one should be here. You're not afraid of me, are you? You? No. Good. So now that you're family, I'm gonna have to go ahead here and ask you for a favor. Anything for family. Dad. I can't believe this. Tim and I worked together eight years. The exciting world of corporate accounting. When was the last time you saw him? He left the firm a year ago. I haven't seen him since, but we've talked on the phone, though. Do you know anything about these records? There's nothing special about them. It's simple receivables, cash receipts. It's office supplies, mostly. It's the kind of thing that we take to the recycling bin each quarter. Which we found in Tim's apartment. I'm sure. See, this is where it started. He'd take home stuff from the office. It was garbage, really, but he acted like it was gold or something. The signature on these documents... It's mine, yes. Wait, you're wondering if there's some kind of crooked accounting here? Like I might have a reason to hurt Tim? Kind of crossed my mind. You can have any forensic accountant look at these. They're worthless. Tim had problems, Agent Booth. Yeah, the hoarding. We know. He was agoraphobic, too. He wouldn't leave his apartment. That's why he lost his job. We tried an intervention, a year ago, a bunch of us from work, but he wouldn't even let us in the apartment. I told him he was going to smother in all that junk. But to him, it was treasure. About a month ago, he said me a guy offered him $50,000 for something. For what? I didn't take him seriously. Tim was a very sick man. Starved to death? Yes. Notice the demineralization, particularly in the large bones. But his place was full of food. Not good food, but basic sustenance. The histology report shows decreased bone mass, and a marked deficiency in calcium. He starved to death. - After being hacked? - Yes. That could take anywhere from several days to a month. So, after he was attacked, he was somehow immobilized? Based on insect activity, Hodgins says he was trapped under a collapsed pile of his hoardings. That's horrible. My God! I'm so excited. I just heard the news. - I could burst! - What news? Dr. Brennan has been asked to head up the Maluku Island project! Isn't that so exciting? I just knew they were going to ask her! Someone offered him $50,000? For what? She didn't say. Just said a guy offered him 50 grand for something. A disposophobic has a delusional regard for the value of the things he hoards. That's what Dr. Brennan said. But she used anthropology speak so it sounded more science-y. The marks on this door here. You're saying it's from termites? Yeah, there's termite damage all through this area. I don't think so. See this wood there? That is splintered. You're right. Door was probably pried open. So, a robbery, motive for murder. Hoarder has an actual treasure, somebody wants it, he won't sell, he's robbed, murdered. Yeah, it fits. I don't think it's possible to tell if anything got stolen from here. So, Daisy's going to Indonesia. She doesn't care if I go with her. No offense, but you might be better off without her. Dr. Brennan will head up the expedition. Will you be better off without her? - Excuse me? - Daisy told me. No, Bones is not going anywhere. If it's any consolation, Angela's dad got cheated out of his car in a card game with some bikers - he wants me to steal it back. - How's that any consolation? Travail d'amour, mes amis. The things we do for love. You stay here, see if this guy's got anything that's worth 50 grand. I'll help you get that car back. Really? You know why? 'Cause I'm Mr. Adventure. I'd rather you were Mr. Sneaky Killer Ninja Assassin, but a guy can't be picky in the sidekick market. Nope. The Raman spectroscope uses lasers and light diffusion to measure minute changes in chemical composition. This machine would be very useful on the Maluku Islands. I've already suggested it to the organizers. So you're coming? Agent Booth and I are partners. I have to discuss it with him first. He's probably going to go be a big hero in Afghanistan. He doesn't wanna go. Lance said that Booth has the psyche of a true warrior. That it's a miracle he hasn't gone back long before this. Maybe you're holding him back the same way he's holding you back. I shouldn't have said that. But sometimes my mouth just has a mouth of its own. We have to determine the precise day the victim was struck. The day of attack, not the day of death. How? I want you to measure the amount of remodeling that occurred since the attack. My God, that's genius. You have to come to Maluku. You don't want me being honored by the anthropologistswithout you? Remodeling, Ms. Wick. Okay, what I did was modify my mass-recognition program, patent pending, to scan the photographic reconstruction of the crime scene</i> to find areas of comparatively less chaos. Awesome. You understand what she's saying? Not in the least, but I'm so turned on by her brain. - I'd like to see her brain naked. - It's a terrible image. It's just terrible. Sweets, you'll understand this. We have a hoarder. We also have a possible intruder. The intruder comes in to look for something. - Okay. Stacks of... - Crap. ... crap grow organically, in a way. But if someone came in and disturbed the hoarder's system, then put everything back, it would look different.</i> - It doesn't look different. - It does to my program. There. Now somebody, not the victim, rearranged that pile. Wait. Where? So you're going to go towards the window.</i> Window. Now turn right. Right. You're getting warmer. Warmer. To the left. Okay, there. There. Does anything look strange? Anything missing? Yes. There are silverfish eggs here. So something was on top of these eggs that prevented them from hatching. I'll take some samples and figure out exactly what it was. So, Bones, here we are. What's all the mystery about? I've been offered the chance to head up the Maluku Island project. I heard. Daisy told Sweets and Sweets told me. I'd like to accept. I thought you already had. We've been partners for five years. I wouldn't make that decision without you. You don't need my permission. Okay, it's cool. You say that, but you won't look at me. You're the one who taught me the value of making eye contact. So, please...? Sorry. I don't do really good with change, I guess. - You're better than I am. - The pyramids are better at change than you are. It was a joke. I was being affectionate. - Will you go back to the Army? - It's what's best for me right now. - I'll only be gone for a year. - Me, too. So, what's a year? It's the time it takes the Earth to make a full revolution around the sun. In the scheme of things. You know, the grand scheme. Just saying, a year is just... it's not too bad. - Right? - Right. We come back, pick up where we left off. Nothing really has to change. No, things have to change. You know what? I taught you about eye contact, you taught me about evolution. Here's to change. To change. So, here's what you got so far: A crazy hoarder got knocked down, buried alive under his own hoardings, by a robber who stole something that maybe killed bugs, then the hoarder died a little while later, then fell through the ceiling of the apartment downstairs. - It sounds better in my report. - Which raises the question: you usually add a little spice to your reports when you know your case is weak. - There was no question in there. - It was implied. Connect the dots. Aren't you a little old to go off wars? I'm not going to fight. I'm going to be training soldiers to investigate, pursue and detain. I guess that answers my next question as to whether or not you intend to go. - What about your partner? - She's going to Indonesia. Maybe it's time to find another, FBI guy and a forensic anthropologist. Yes, on account you're both so replaceable. You gotta act like a big boy on this one. - You don't want me to go? - You go, you stay, that's up to you. But before you go, you clear this case, not just dress up nothing in a nice report. I took the unhatched silverfish eggs, made a milkshake, and ran it through the mass-spec. - To find out what poisoned them? - Not poisoned, but rendered infertile. Oh, suggesting chemical agents or radiation. What I found were phyllosilicate minerals, along with some interesting metal oxides, very small traces of vitrified clay and Uranium 235. So, an atomic bomb? No, something much more interesting than that. - An atomic gnome? - Basically. Yeah. This is the Fiestaware Christmas Gnome, circa 1941. Now, the uranium was a common ingredient in the glaze on these gnomes until the Second World War, when all production of the red Fiestaware gnome was halted. The victim claimed he possessed something worth $50,000. How much is the gnome worth? $50,000. We have our motive. Now we just have to find the person who collects radioactive Hobbits. Mr. Adventure's here, ready to kick some biker ass. Please don't explain. - You sure this is the address? - Yeah, absolutely sure. - This is pretty extreme, man. - Of course, I've got a father-in-law that plays poker with bikers. Is that his... - You mind turning him around? - Why? Because he knows what you did? And you don't like him staring at you with his eyes? - How do you even know that's mine? - We found it in your basement. Someone planted it there. Why? Because I'm a well-known aficionado and purveyor of Fiestaware. So, the phone records indicate that you called Mr. Murphy several times during the days leading up to his death. Someone on the Fiesta message board mentioned Murphy scored the mother lode at a flea market few years back. He only bought it for 12 bucks. I was trying to see if he'd sell. Last time you contacted him was on April 29... the day he was assaulted... You have an alibi for that? I went to talk to him. I was going to give him 50 grand. I mean, he didn't even appreciate the gnome. - He was insane. - So what... you attack him with a kitchen knife? No. No, he saw. I pushed the guy, and I took the gnome, that's all. You expect him to answer, Rocky? He already did. He says, "Shut up and get a lawyer". Smart. Smart gnome. I need more. Come on, we got this guy. Cause of death, means, motive, opportunity. What caused the hacks to the skull? - We don't know. - He died of starvation. The assault caused him to starve. Still manslaughter. Which will get tossed if all I have in court is this. If it's gonna be your last case, then do it properly. - It's not our last case. - We'll be back. Tight as a drum, that's what I want. And trust methe way you two are running from each other, you'd better be damn sure of these little trips you're taking. If Angela was going to the Maluku Islands, I'd go. Even if it meant you becoming a pearl diver? Even if it meant my having to listen to Daisy. So, what, I should just go? I should just give up my career and my life and my friends and my practice, and go to Indonesia? I'm about to risk dismemberment just to impress my scary father-in-law. - How are you going to past the dogs? - I don't know. - How are you going to start the car? - I don't know. - Andget the car through the gate? - I don't know. - And evade the angry bikers? - I haven't got a clue. Good plan. What do I do? Survive and tell the story of my love. - This wall is high. - Nah. No problemo. Are you okay? What happened? Just gravity. Dogs at 3:00. A test? Really? - You could have done this yourself. - Sure I could, but family's about doing things together. So, you sicced dogs on me for nothing? Well, not exactly, but we should really get going. For real? Okay, yeah. What do I do? It's been my experience, if you drive at 'em, people clear out the way. The gate! What about the gate? - It was built to keep people out. - They are so gonna chase us. Lock the gate! You been here all night? Is it morning? Yes. - I've been here all night. - You find anything new? Yes. These marks weren't caused by a hatchet or a knife. The direction of force is opposite to the direction of impact. - What would do that? - A propeller. So, he walked into a plane? No. A fan. The crime scene is full of fans. Are you really leaving the Jeffersonian? Yes. For a year. I can provide you with a list of forensic anthropologists who can do this job. No, Dr. Brennan. You can provide me with a list of forensic anthropologists. I don't know what that means. I think we got all the fans. I really am sorry about leaving you there. No problem. Mr. Adventure can take care of himself. Plus, Daisy rewarded me handsomely for my bravery. Dude. Yes, I am the dude. - She still going? - Yeah. Angela's program recognized this as the o area of the apartment that was the most cared for. These are an escape valve for him, images of a life outside of here where he wasn't tourmented by his compulsion and agoraphobia. We found your fingerprints on the fan. I was in love with Tim. When was the last time you guys were together? Over a year. I thought if I could just get him out of that apartment, maybe if the sun hit his face, he would change and we could have a real life, so... so I pulled him to the window... and I ripped down the curtain, and he lost it. You two fought? He attacked me, so I pushed the fan at him, and I ran away. But I didn't think I killed him. I loved him, but... there was nothing I could do. Well, that's that, then. They're free to go. You don't think this success might make them change their minds? You know what? You're a nice kid, but today is a good day for you to grow the hell up. You're giving him the car? Oh, no, honey. I'm giving him you. The car is just a little something to remember his new dad. Welcome to the family, son. That is one weird, scary dude. So Brennan's going to Indonesia with Daisy. Not talking about that. Sweets and Daisy... they're gonna break up. Not talking about that, either. Booth is going to Afghanistan. - Not gonna touch that one. - You and I will be staying here. We... are not. Really? And where are we going? Nous allons à Paris. - For our honeymoon? - No. For a year. Because I have no desire to break in a new anthropologist and an FBI agent, do you? No. I do not. Everything's changing. - What do you think's going to happen? - Not sure. But I do know that we'll be together. Ready? - Lancelot, do you hate me? - No, Daisy. No. Do you think you'll wait for me? That would be really romantic. I don't think so. I don't think you should wait for me, either. I've really enjoyed working for you, Dr. Brennan. In fact, Dr. Saroyan, I worked for you. We both know better. I made you this chart of all the poisonous reptiles and insects, what they look like, how to avoid them, and what to do if you get stung or bitten, so... Thank you, Dr. Hodgins. I love you, too. Booth informed me that the proffering of overly solicitous advice is indicative of love. I hope you find something that just changes the entire notion of what it means to be human. I will. - Dr. Brennan, we really have to go. - Yes. Dr. Brennan? Oh, my God. Sorry. Couldn't get a pass. I had to sneak off the base to come say good-bye. Listen, Bones, you got to be really careful in that Indonesian jungle, okay? Booth, in a week, you're going to a war zone. Please don't be a hero. Please just... don't be you. One year from today, we meet at the reflecting pool on the mall. - Right by the... - Coffee cart. I know.