of trouble to get you private visitation with your father, and now you don't want it. The federal detention facility already has visiting areas. Yeah,behind two-inch glass. I mean,now you'll be able to give your old man, you know,a hug! I didn't ask for special treatment,Booth. That's because you don't have to, because you <i>are</i> special! And you are gonna tell me... Whoa,what happened to whatever the hell is melted to that steering wheel and... everything else? It's female, mid-40s to late 50s. Pelvis indicates she's given birth. Hey,Bones,look at that-- married,right? Wedding ring-- it's a possibility. Don't just focus on the ground. (siren wails nearby) Why do you care about my relationship with my father,Booth? You were only too happy to arrest him and put him in prison. All right,look, Bones,you know, it's not about being happy,okay? It's about doing my job. Do we know if it was a bomb that caused the explosion? Well,let's see, the roof is peeled back, and the doors and... I was asking him. We found explosive residue all over the van and metal fragments in the bushes. What is that, a pipe bomb? I can't really be sure until the explosive unit gets the van back to the lab. No,they can't have the van. There are remains seared all over the inside of the vehicle, and they can't be compromised. I have to call and get... This van will be brought to the Jeffersonian. Your bomb techs can look at it there. I'll... make the call? That's all right, you go make that call. Bones,come on,you were a little harsh there. Maybe you want to talk it out. Look,Booth. BOOTH: It's a locket. Aw,it's... probably her daughter. Who would want to blow up a soccer mom? Hey,you have a skull for a facial reconstruction? Help yourself. Oh,great. Is this all I have to work with? I've always hated puzzles. Hodgins,before we take the hands from the wheel, you might want to check the fingernails for particulates. You know I do. Oh,my God. Shouldn't you wait for the bomb tech before you gather the explosive residue? I'm just getting enough to verify his results. Remember,he's a government bureaucrat. Hey,<i>you're</i> a government bureaucrat,babe. I am a passionate, dedicated scientist who will not be cowed by authoritarian pressure. Stay out of the van until the bomb tech comes,Hodgins. But... Out. (sighs) Fine. I have to check the fingernails anyway. How close are we to ID'ing the victim? Well,this is the skull. I'm good,but... I'm not that good. BRENNAN: Perhaps you could use these. There's a portion of tongue, hair and... brain matter. Okay. If anybody needs me, I'm gonna go throw up, then do some paperwork. Okay,this is Special Agent Frost from the bomb unit. Booth pulled me out of an important lunch. It took me months to set up that meeting. It better be good,Booth. She'll be working with you,Hodgins. Yes,please. What? No. Um,hm? Hodgins. Doc-Doctor. We're... okay? (Frost laughs) I beg your pardon? It's... He's Dr. Jack Hodgins. Angela... Montenegro. I do facial reconstructions. And him. Mm. Pleasure to meet you. I'm gonna need you to recover all the metallic particulates, then I'm gonna need a chemical tray with aqueous buffer solution. Aqueous buffer solution. Yeah,I-I know. You want to perform capillary electrophoresis? You can do that? Oh,yeah. And it will save time, so Angela Mm. and I can have dinner alone. BOOTH: The license plate was destroyed, but we traced the VIN number on the van-- it was,uh, registered to Jeremy Nash in Culpepper,Virginia. BRENNAN: He looks familiar. with a lot of stuff: clothes,personal items. BRENNAN: Photo album. Most of the pictures were burned, but the man in this photo could be Nash. She packed herself up, keepsakes and all, and took off in a van? Looks like Mrs. Nash was leaving Mr. Nash. Oh,God,I hate domestic cases. All right,so let's go talk to the husband. I can't. I'm seeing my father. Now? You and Caroline went to a lot of trouble setting this up. d hate to appear ungrateful. But... I'll go talk to,um... the husband by myself. (door opening) GUARD: All right,Max,there you go. Ooh,gee. Real chairs. It's nice to have an important daughter. This is Booth, not me. Well,you thank him for me. I always liked Booth. Nicest guy that ever arrested me. Touching. Well,you must like this-- me in here. I finally have to follow the rules. hat makes me less than you,because I think people should follow the rules? You're upset. Yeah,of course I'm upset. My father's a criminal. No,outlaw. There's a difference. Subtle distinctions like that are lost on me, and,I imagine,your victims. I know you want some sort of a... nice,neat story that puts my life into perspective for you, but it doesn't work that way. You could try. Don't I deserve that? I guess I always had a problem with authority. I just always saw myself fighting the system, kind Do you realize how ridiculous you sound? You're here for murdering the deputy director of the FBI. He was a crook,he was a killer and he was going to kill you. And you walked out on Russ and me when I was 15. But that was to protect you-- people were after us. Because you were a criminal. Outlaw. See? I knew you weren't going to understand. You know what? You're right. This is my fault for expecting we could get past... We can get past this. We can. Th how to punish me. But now? Here? Come on,we can make this whatever we want. Here are the cards you asked for. I gotta to go. Wait. These are for us. What? Come on,you remember that game we used to play when you were five years old? Blitz. Blitz.. Come on,let's play a couple of hands. You always beat me. I remember that,too. A good father would occasionally allow his child to win. I don't believe in encouraging all that,uh, that self-esteem crap. You want to win,earn it. That's why you're so good at what you do now, because you know that nobody is going to hand you anything. So you were a great father? Well,maybe just not as bad as you think. How 'bout this,one hand? Come on. Let me know if you need anything else. Well... socks. Socks,you know? The,uh... with arch supports. I got to stand in that chow line forever. NASH: A bomb? BOOTH: Yeah,I'm sorry. Where you and your wife having any problems? What-What kind of problems? Well,she was traveling with a lot of personal stuff. Photo albums, and more clothes... That stuff was for Celia's new dorm room. She was bringing her clothes, things to help decorate... You're FBI,for God sakes! You have no idea who did this? What is this,your first case? Just relax. Okay? I'm just here to help, Mr. Nash,that's all. How do I tell Celia? How do I... tell my daughter? ADDY: Dermestes maculatus. They clean the bones by eating the charred flesh. But they leave behind pieces of shrapnel you might need. Fascinating and very weird. They're mine. Not a surprise. HODGINS: Hey. Hi. How was your visit with your... Not germane to the investigation,Hodgins... Zack,her left shoulder was badly shattered, but still shows evidence of old trauma. I need the cleaned bones as soon as they're ready. I also would like you to look at the manubrium. These shadows look like pitting. (sighs) Have you determined what kind of bomb was used? I'm still sifting through debris and waiting for whatever goodies these bugs leave behind. And Dr. Hodgins is just... keeping you company? What? No. (chuckling): I'm working. Hard. I'm going to go right now and work... ...hard some-someplace else,so... Hey. What are you doing down here? Uh,analyzing the iconography for the Widow's Son case until somebody needs me for the bomb victim. (clears throat) Look,Angie,um, Agent Frost is-is a colleague, and I am a professional. Okay,so, all the stammering and stuff, I mean,that's not... That isn't... I... It's... You know,that's... it's involuntary. It's a... It's a bodily thing. Yeah,that didn't come out right. Look,I'm not going to deny that she is attractive. Oh,totally hot. What? The bombshell from the bomb squad. She's totally hot. Yeah,I know-- I mean... Look,Jack, I really don't care what's going on in your pants. As long as it staysr pants. You know who's totally hot? You. You are totally... Okay,save it. What have you got? These were in Amy Nash's bag. Hmm. There's writing on them. Yeah. Yeah,Cam needs you to restore them. I'll give it a try. FROST (over P.A.): Dr. Hodgins,I need your samples for tI-I-I... I have to... Uh... So,I... love you,and... Go. Okay. BOOTH: Nash is going to pick up his kid, tell her in person. I mean,I don't know how you do that. Tell your kid that your mother just got blown up? I would think a direct approach would be best. What,as opposed to what,sugarcoating it? "Hey,what do you say we go to the park? Oh,and by the way,your mom just got blown up"? How's your dad? You haven't mentioned him. Apparently, his feet hurt. You know,I mean his spirits. Well,he's a con man, Booth. He's always cheerful. What? That's it? Well,it's not like I ever really had a father. Max was absent for years. Well,here's what I know. I know that Nash girl would give anything to spend one more day with her mother. I'm sure you'd feel the same way if something happened to your father. and iron sulfate imbedded in the manubrium and the flesh. Both are found in ballpoint ink. Ah. It's a homemade tattoo. Angela's working on recreating the design. The tatHmm. You mean like to have bea prison tat? No record of her being in prison. In Russia, prisoners make tattoo ink by burning the heel of a shoe and mixing it with soot and urine. This was a ballpoint pen rigged with a sewing needle pushed down so deep it penetrated her periosteum. Ah,you mean bone. Doesn't seem like a very soccer mom thing to do. And... here we go. SAROYAN: An inverted pentagram? Devil worship. Mom had a little thing going on the side with Satan? Oh,the burbs. There is a design in the center that I can't quite get. HODGINS: Wait. Wait,wait. Is that a fist? Fist? BOOTH: It's a fist. MONTENEGRO: Yeah. Oh,my God,it is a fist. So she wasn't Satan's old lady. She was in the NLA. The NLA? National Liberation Army. HODGINS: Student radicals in the '70s. Thought they could change the world. Set off bombs in Army recruiting offices, torched cop cars. BOOTH: Yeah,real visionaries. They also shot and killed a cop in '75. HODGINS: That was the burglary. They broke into the house of a defense contractor to rip off his safe. Said it was the people's money. Here. June Harris and her boyfriend,Neal Watkins, were charged with the murder but never found. FBI's been looking for them for 30 years. And there they are. And our victim? It's the same woman. BRENNAN: So our soccer mom was a killer. WOMAN: People, please tell me that all your fancy-ass equipment is wrong. (high-pitched beeping) BRENNAN: You are not supposed to be up here. Booth can shoot me later. This cannot be June Harris. BRENNAN: But the dentals match. Angela's reconstruction matches. Amy Nash was June Harris. Porquoi moi? She couldn't have waited four days to turn herself into a charcoal briquette? I don't understand? Caroline,why are you here? June Harris was turning herself in. I arranged with her attorney for the surrender. He was going to deliver her on Thursday after she said good-bye to her family. What was the deal? Nine years. Nine years for killing a cop? For turning herself in and laying this all to rest, and since she still maintained her innocence, this was going to be a tough case to prosecute. Sam Reilly was the lead on this case for 30 years. He was okay with nine years? He doesn't know. Part of the deal. He wasn't to be consulted. Well,you know what? It's okay to tell him now. I know Sam. He deserves that much after 30 years. Up to you. You're the lead now,<i>cherie.</i> You should bring in Huntzinger. He was her attorney. I love Huntzinger. might know Real old-time leftie.h Worked the Chicago Seven trial. Sued Nixon, the CIA,Bush... Okay,that's great-- let's get out of here before Hodgins gives him the pinko medal of honor. Are you coming? I can't. Zack and I have to pull the rest of the shrapnel for the bomb tech, and then I have to buy some socks for my dad. Leave her be,<i>cherie.</i> Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Socks? MAN: I have worked this case for 30 years, and you don't think I deserve a phone call? It was part of the deal. And you,Booth-- I trained you. You think this is right, to blow me off like this? Well,I just got thrown the case,Sam. Don't go wailing on me. Damn lawyers. Working a case for 30 years, and you don't think it deserves a damn phone call? Hey,I'm talking to you. No,you're yelling at me, and my ears are starting to ring. Now,I'm sorry that after 40 years as an agent for the FBI you're still a little girl, but I'd like to find out who killed June Harris, so how about you stop whining and help? Okay,<i>cherie?</i> (door closes) So,how have you been,Sam? Shut up,Booth. CAROLINE: What's in the bag,Leonard? LEONARD: Toothbrush,change of underwear. You guys always find some reason to toss me in the can. No belts,no laces. I'm ready. Yeah,great. Well,we just want to ask you a few questions about June Harris' death. I loved June Harris. I loved what she stood for and what she did with her life. NExcept maybe Neal Watkins.e. (laughing): Yeah,you'd love that, wouldn't you? Blame another revolutionary. Do you know where Watkins is? CAROLINE: They were partners in crime. I don't think he would want to risk June turning him in. You ever hear of attorney-client privilege? Ever hear of obstruction of justice? You know,a woman is dead. She's not a martyr to her family, just someone they loved. If you can understand that. LEONARD: Cooperating with the system perpetuates that system. (sighs) Yeah,yeah,yeah. And if the system is corrupt... Blah,blah. Blah,blah. So what's next,Leonard? You going to warn Watkins that we're onto him? You son of a... Sam! Sam,Sam,Sam! Watkins and Harris are not heroes. Hey,Sam. You want to see how they changed society? Ask the kid whose father they killed. I know that kid. He became a cop just like his father. Very touching. You son... Hey! Get out of here! Hey,hey,hey,hey! You just hit a federal agent, Mr. Huntzinger. Good thing you brought your toothpaste. What a surprise. Lock me up to shut me up. You should be talking to that kid Valenti instead of busting my ass. The pig comes to me the other day. He wants to know where June is. He said he got a letter from her,as if she'd write him or I'd give her up. A gift from your noble son of a cop. Nice and soft. I'll be the best dressed on cell block eight. Thanks. Sure. Honey... I'm sorry. For what? For... For being such a disappointment as a father. You deserved better. And I should have told you sooner. Well,that's it? Nothing? Well,what were you expecting? I agree with you. I was expecting some tears, or a hug or something. I did apologize. Well,you didn't mean it? Of course I meant it. Listen, under any objective standard, you have a horrible human being for a father, but I-I'm trying to move on. I got caught so that I could be with you. I was hoping you'd meet me halfway. I'm here,aren't I? I... got you shampoo. Soap isn't good for your hair. Oh,nice. I... I don't want to smell too good. That can be a problem around here. There. See? It's better. Thanks. Sure. So,the prosecutor's going to want to talk to you about me. It wouldn't hurt if you,uh, had some good things to say about your old man. Might even offer to testify on my behalf. Is that why you finally apologized? What? To use me? Maybe you'd like me to alter evidence now. That way I could join the family business. How can you think that? I don't know,Max. Maybe because I seem to pass in and out of your life when it's most convenient. Maybe because you built a whole career using your considerable charm to manipulate people. Listen,I know that it's hard to trust me,I know, and it's going to take some time to fix things,but we can... No! No! Some things break, and you can't put them back together again. That's just the way it is. I was fine on my own,Max, I was just fine. FROST: Electrophoresis and HPLC shows potassium nitrate, charcoal and sulfur in a 75/15/ten ratio. Graphite glazed, Triple F Goex-- Sporting Grade. You are a constant surprise. Yes. Yes,I am. I don't know many people who get as excited as I do about the chemical makeup of explosives. Well... I... Complex molecular structures. Hey,how's it coming with the-the... the detonator? Seems to be a wristwatch. Pretty Microscopic glass chips, probably the crystal. I'll,uh,take a look at the composition, see if I can... ...locate a manufacturer. Great. So,where do you want me to dump this junk? You're tossing the air filter? I tested it for explosive residue. There wasn't any. It was blown free from the car. Yeah,even better. Do you have any ideare? Don't touch my things. Watch her. SAROYAN: She was shot,too? The injury presented itself when I was removing shrapnel from the reconstructed shoulder. Well,you're sure it's not from the bomb or the fire? No. The fragments are lead in a copper alloy coating. Yep,that's a bullet. I didn't find any dried blood on her clothes. When was she shot? Damage from the blast makes it difficult to tell when the shooting occurred. I'm going to check the remodeling to estimate a time. Hitting the top of the shoulder wouldn't be a severe injury. She could bandage herself and still be ambulatory. y walk around instead; I wouldn't fire you. "Walk around" implies aimlessness which I'm not able to determine. Can't believe I still ask these things. Send everything you've got s at the FBI. I'll inform Dr. Brennan. REILLY: Does not make any sense. The van was rigged to blow up,why shoot her? Well,until we see what ballistics determines, it's absurd to speculate. Speculating is kind of what we do here. Listen,Danny Valenti is a cop. June Harris murdered his father. He has a gun. He's a good kid,Booth. He didn't do it. But that is meaningless speculation. Is she really necessary? She's my partner. Mentors often feel threatened when their students surpasses them. Bones! Well,it's true,Booth. Change can be difficult to accept || whether it comes in the form of a revolutionary or the simple passage of time. If she were a guy, I'd deck her. Right. You know,that distinction is no longer necessary, but I wouldn't recommend it. Go,Sam. Thank you. Officer Valentcredit card reco that,uh,you bought gas near June Harris' home. I didn't know where she lived. Just the town from the postmark on the letter. Her apology letter. She should've had the nerve to come talk to me face to face. So that's when you went to Huntzinger. Yeah. And hit him. He protects people like her. That's his job. I was five years old when my father was killed. My mother told me he wasn't coming home again. I didn't believe her. I sat by that window,waiting, every day for months. You seem be pretty angry about that. Why didn't you tell me what you were going to do? You'd try and talk me out of it. Did you know how little time she was going to serve? Because that might make someone take matters into their own hands. I'm a cop,man. I didn't blow her up. Booth... Sam. It's my investigation. Officer Valenti, I going to need your gun. Why? Be was shot before she died. We'd like to make sure the bullet didn't come from your gun. You going to let them do this to me,Sam? It's just a formality,Danny. Then let's be formal. Sam? Ballistics says the bullet was <i>not</i> a match for Danny's gun. Booth should have that report first. He's the lead. You know,Booth, she must be really good in bed, because I can't see any other reason you keep her around here. I am. Very good,but... Booth has no direct knowledge of that fact. Okay,okay,let's all stay focused here,people,okay? Sam,you know what? You should never... But it was a match for the gun that killed Danny's father 30 years ago. Right,the same gun that was registered to Harris' old boyfriend, Watkins. But it was never found. Everyone we interviewed at the time without talking to Watkins mafirst.ov I told you,we need to find him. Yeah,okay,we will,Sam. You just got to give me some room here. Hey,hey,Booth. Don't cut me out. I've worked my whole career for this. As soon as I find something out, I'll let you know,Sam. Come on,Bones. I remember seeing a picture of him before. I was going through some old photographs, cleaning out a closet. Amy said it was an old boyfriend. Mmm. They keep in contact? No. I mean,she would've told me. Why? You don't think that... Did he kill her? How long did you know about your wife's real identity? Yeah,how long? I only found out a couple of weeks ago. Why didn't you tell me? What,you didn't think I deserved to know about my own mother? She didn't want me to tell you. She wanted to do it herself. Your wife never talked about her past? She used to say only the future was important, what we could do is change the world. They didn't agree on how. Celia was a,a bit conservative for Amy. That never mattered. She wasn't some crazy radical to me. She was my mom. You must have been relieved she got such a great deal. What deal? She didn't tell you? She mentioned she was thinking of talking to a federal prosecutor, but I talked her out of it. Well,you do know, that it's a felony aiding and abetting a,a fugitive. You want to charge me? Fine. But saving my family doesn't feel like a crime. Amy was a,a good mother, a wonderful wife. Do you mind if we take a look around, see if there's any evidence linking your wife to Watkins? The house is yours. Come on,sweetheart. The only reason we found any lead or copper in the shoulder was because of the blast. There was advanced bone remodeling. So it's a very old injury. Yes. Bone had completely grown over it. And since it was the same gun that killed the policeman and was never recovered, I think we can assume June Harris was shot during the robbery. I also found microscopic lead particles on the metacarpals of the left hand with the same degree of remodeling at the shoulder. Another gunshot? No. The same one. The metals are an identical match. So,she was shot in the hand and the shoulder with the same bullet? Is that even possible? Angela could give us a scenario that could tell us. I'm creating a trajectory analysis factoring in both the hand and the shoulder. These are photos from the crime scene 30 years ago. That's the home of the defense contractor, Gerald Locklear, where the NLA burglary occurred. June Harris and Neal Watkins were in Locklear's office at the back of the house. The original FBI photos were crude, based on fingerprints and scuff marks on the floor. It assumes that June stood guard, while Neal emptied the safe. When Officer Valenti walks in surprising them,June fires, killing Valenti. But that wouldn't her injuries. Unless June emptied stood guard. Exactly. Neal aims at Officer Valenti, but June steps between them, raises her hands to stop Neal, but he fires. She was trying to protect the policeman. June Harris was telling the truth. She didn't kill Valenti. Neal Watkins did. HODGINS: He also made the bomb. The watch used to make the timer was coated with a volatilized pigment used by the Sawyer Time Company. BRENNAN: An American Flag watch? Nice ironic touch. Watkins always used the same type of watch when making bombs for the NLA. It was his signature. They found traces of them at an ROTC headquarters, the IRS office... June told him shHe wasn't going to let that thappen,so he made a new bomb using an old watch and killed her. And he left a message for anyone who thought the revolution was over. Sounds like a bad ex-boyfriend. Well,that's assuming she was in contact with him. And we have no way of knowing where that would've taken place if she had seen him. Not so sure about that. I have her air filter. It's like an entomological GPS. What's taking Hodgins so long? It's an exacting process. Ah. Thank you. So,um, how'd your dad like his socks? Fine. That's sort of a way to start a conversation there,Bones. I know. Yeah,look,I'm, I should never have gotten in the middle of all this. I-I'm sorry,I was just, I'm just trying to help. He wanted me to testify on his behalf. He just wants to use me. Well,he's a con man, Bones. That doesn't mean that he doesn't love you. He's just looking for a little payback. Payback? Yeah,he's thinking he got arrested so he could spend some more time with you, I mean you could at least return the favor by doing something nice for him. Yeah,I'm not sure I want a father who's always keeping score. Yeah,sounds like you are,too. You know what? You're right. This is none of your business. You know what, Bones? You're never forgive yourself if you don't cut the guy some slack just because you were afraid to get hurt. What the hell is taking Hodgins so long? Where's the bombshell from the bomb squad? She went back to the FBI to catalogue evidence. Thank God. She was driving me crazy. It was just science all the time. Then she tries to destroy perfectly good evidence. What about the breasts? I started thinking about them dragging on the floor when she's 70. How are you doing? Well,that burned paper is a letter that she wrote. So I'm using the Spectral Comparator to locate the ink particles. Cool. The,uh,computer is rendering the content now. So... Mm-hmm. You? I found pollen. Mmm. Most of it Pinus appalachiana-- Shenandoah pine... which is only found on Shenandoah Mountain in West Virginia. There was also crushed Pendleton leatherflower in the tire treads, which is only found here in the shale barrens along the upper Potomac. It is very secluded. Between the towns of Hendersonville and Maple Flats. Booth! That's nice work, Hodgins. You know,my computer is going to be rendering for a while. You want to go to the medieval storage room? Oh. Booth,what the hell is taking you so long?! BRENNAN: You told Reilly where Watkins is? Yeah,he's meeting us there. He's too emotional. This is his case; he's invested. He's irrational. Probably male menopause. What?! He's a good man. And you know what? There's no such thing. That is a sexist myth. Factually, hormone production drops in your 50s, sexual desire decreases, you have to deal with aof muscle mass, erectile dysfunction... All right,hey, let's just keep the conversation up, shall we? And there's evidence that certain men become very unstable. Do you want me to start talking about your father again? You're very testy. You know,and 35. I'm only 35. Okay, okay. They have blue pills for that. No,I don't like this. It's too quiet. Wasn't Reilly supposed to meet us? (cocking gun): Yeah. Gee,why didn't you bring the big one? BOOTH: Easy,Sam. Put the gun down. Step away from the body. Booth... look at him. He did it to himself. I didn't do this,Booth. SAROYAN: .38 caliber slug. Matches the revolver found at the scene. Now,positioning is consistent with a self-inflicted gunshot wound, but could easily have been staged. Zack,bring up that hand X-ray. Look at this. Asymmetric narrowing on the first metacarpophalangeal joints. Ulnar deviation, barely discernible. Would you like my finger, Dr. Brennan? Please. SAROYAN: What are you two thinking? Neal Watkins had rheumatoid arthritis in his hands. This would approximate the strength of his arthritic finger. Pull. Harder. I'm trying,Dr. Brennan. Watkins' fine motor function would be no greater than Zack's gauze-wrapped finger. Neal Watkins wasn't able He couldn't have shot himself. If he couldn't pull the trigger, he wouldn't have the manual dexterity to assemble the bomb either. There's one man who knew exactly how Neal made his bombs. The same man who worked the case for 30 years. I'll call Booth. Dr. Brennan determined that... it wasn't a suicide. What? The gun was a plant. Wouldn't be the first time an agent planted a gun,would it? Forensics searched the house and,uh... they determined that there was not enough evidence to suggest that Watkins made the bomb that killed Harris. What about the watch? That's the thing,Sam. It turns out that two Sawyer Company American flag watches were confiscated in a '74 NLA raid. We checked the evidence locker. A lot of things are missing, including a watch. REILLY: It was a dog case,Booth. That crap was moved off-site years ago. You know what happens during a move. CAROLINE: So you had a 30-year obsession, but you didn't keep track of your evidence? You have a good service record,<i>cherie.</i> We could make a deal. Look, but there is a real killer out there. Look,I understand,Sam. I do. I think... ...you should find yourself a lawyer. I was cataloguing the watch debris and noticed that the oxidation and bacterial erosion of the metal was inconsistent with watches that would have been stored in evidence for 30 years. But weren't the watches discontinued after '76? Yes,but I found a few available online for collectors... still sealed. You traced one to a buyer? I didn't have to. Since the watch was 30 years old, the bomber had to put in a new battery. He left behind a thumbprint. The casing protected it during the blast. I asked the Bureau to run the print. The letter has finished rendering. It's not addressed to Watkins. BRENNAN'S VOICE: "Dear Celia, "I've done terrible things in my life. "Things I can't change. "I know how much pain this will cause you, "but never forget how much I love you. "I know we didn't always agree on how, "but we both hoped for the same thing: a just world." The funeral's today? Yeah. They seem like every other normal grieving family. It's never what it seems,is it? Mr. Nash,you're under arrest for the murder of June Harris, aka Amy Nash. That's crazy. I'm sorry,Celia. We know about the watch. "Even though I didn't fire "the gun that took that man's life, "I have to take responsibility for it and for my cowardice hiding all these years." I caught her sneaking out one night. She had been seeing him. She betrayed me,Celia. She betrayed us. (handcuffs tightening) How could you do this? 25 years,I believed she loved us, but she used us to keep her cover. BOOTH: Let's go. "I tried to spare you and your father pain. "I know what your father thought when he caught me going to see Neal,but I would rather die than betray your father." She was trying t to surrender,too. She was trying to do the right thing,Daddy. Let's go. You've got the right to remain silent. Anything you say,can and will be used... "If I've learned anything, "it's that we can never let the chaos "and injustice make us so blind with anger "that we become part of the problem. (car door closes) "Understanding,compassion, "kindness and love "are the only true revolutionary ideals. "When we compromise those we become "what we despise, and we lose our humanity. "The world might see my legacy "as one of violence and destruction, "but I know that you are my real legacy, and for that I will be thankful every day." I... I wasn't sure I'd ever see you again. I thought maybe we could see if we remember that card game. Yeah,sure. You know,I've kept this bottle of single malt in my desk since '75. I always said when we put this case to bed, I'd open it. I'd like you to help me with that,Booth. Listen,Sam,I... I want to apologize. Hey... (cork pops) I would've done the same thing myself. Well,maybe not quite the same thing. I would've slapped me around a little bit. To the changing of the guard. How much scotch did you drink? Oh,just enough. You know,I would've invited you, but,Reilly,he just... Wow,he doesn't like you. I understand. I'm sorry,was that rude? Not from someone who's been drinking. You know, I love this plI love it. I love this country. You know, I'll tell you something, if I was working law enforcement back in the day when they threw all that tea, all right,in the harbor, I'm good. All right,I'm good, I would've rounded everybody up, and we'd still be English. You think? Yep. Yep,I definitely... I saw my father. Wow,I didn't think that you were gonna do that. As an anthropologist, I accept change as the natural order of things. But with him,I didn't allow for transformation. You know,I predicated his behavior based on a set of outmoded preconceptions. It wasn't rational. Wow,I didn't get any of that. If I was conducting an objective experiment on my father, observing his behavior, I'd... have to conclude that he loves me. Hmm,whyWe played cards.