I'd like to address some issues that are not strictly confinedto forensic anthropology. If it's all right with my host, Dr. Wexler. I should think that all but the most joyless wonks-- and yes, I do refer to you, Cyril Bibby-- would embrace a diversion from haversian systems. My partner, FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth, gave his lecture at Scotland Yard last night. Agent Booth, could you please stand up? Hey, Booth! Yeah, I'm here. What's up? Agent Booth is the intuitive humanist, while I am the logical empiricist, although recently I have seen how destructive pure logic can be. My own assistant, the most brilliant young man I've ever met... ...ended up a sidekick to a annibalistic serial killer. I-I haven't invited you to join me, Booth, so you could take your seat. What I've learned from Agent Booth is that we scientists must arm ourselves with something other than pure logic. A quality which deflects us from an irrational enamoration for the rational. Exactly. How old is that guy? What, Ian? He's a year younger than I am, and almost as brilliant. What do you think of my speech? Yeah, it got, you know, better toward the end. You mean, after you interrupted me? I'm sorry. Look. It wasn't that I was bored. Mostly, it was just that I was tired, okay? The boobies took me out for a beer last night. "Bobbies." They're called "bobbies." I'm pretty sure that Sarah, Pauline and Jacqueline are, you know, boobies. Dr. Brennan! Dr. Brennan! What a wonderful lecture. Fantastic, sublime, great. Thank you, Dr. Wexler. Who knew such a shapeless robe could be so evocative? Of academia, I mean, of course. Just one moment with my colleague, please, Agent Booth. Over the last few days, I have been warned many times to watch out for you. Warned? That sounds dangerous. Is it something along the lines of, "Oh, look out for Ian Wexler. He's a young genius on the rise"? How can you flirt with me while ignoring your phone? Well, I am a man of perspective. Besides, I find if one ignores the thing long enough, generally, it stops ringing. And then later, at my leisure, it will tell me what it wanted. Dr. Ian Wexler. Oh, don't leave. This is nothing. Murder? What kind of murder? Well, is it a boring one or is it a violent one? Is your interest piqued? Are you being serious? I'm going to pass you over to a colleague of mine. I'd simply like you to state the origin of this call. Thank you. Scotland Yard? Homicide. Cheers. Well, would you like to tag along? It is murder. Can't promise anything, but it is possible a famous heiress is involved. I'm keen as ketchup. Mustard. Keen as mustard. Excellent effort at the colloquialism, though. Very impressive. Does your cowboy want to tag along? Oh, please, don't call him that. He'd find it insulting? No. He'd love it. Stand back, please. Inspector Kate Pritchard of Scotland Yard, I'd like you to meet... Ah, Agent Booth! Yes. Hello. I very much enjoyed your presentation last night. He's very active. Sound effects, visual aids, all sorts of props. Although he complained at great length about he had to check Well, you know, without a gun, I'm practically naked. Isn't that right, Bones? Inspector Pritchard, meet Dr. Brennan. Charming. She's exactly like me. Charming, tenacious, salacious, sophomoric, euphoric, noble, ignoble, fatuous, horrid, morbid, torpid and tedious. Flattery will get you absolutely nowhere, Kate. So you found Portia Frampton? Well, the way we usually work, Ian, is I drag the bodies out of the Thames, and you use your extraordinary capabilities to identify them. Bones, they're like the English version of me and you. But ??? might be her? Well, this certainly is her car. Portia Frampton, she's an American, as is her father. Do you know him? Not all Americans know each other, Kate. There are quite a lot of them. Roger Frampton: airlines,Internet ventures, luxury construction. Full disclosure, Kate: I'm currently analyzing one of his construction sites. Frampton wishes to build skyscrapers over what may prove to be a Bronze Age treasure trove or maybe just a rubbish tip. Well, they aren't mutually exclusive. Exactly. This vehicle's number plate matches Miss Frampton's. Obviously, this vehicle entered the Thames at some distance upstream before coming to ground here. What do you think, Dr. Brennan, female or transvestite? Female. Late teens, early 20s. Penetrating trauma to the parietal bone. Someone hit her on the head with a sharp object. You have to do that as well, do you? Translate for them? Do you have to deal with that, too? Is it murder? Yes. Yes. If this is Portia Frampton, then her father will no doubt demand FBI involvement. Why? They're American. Well, you won't have any real jurisdiction, you understand. Well, not beyond what I grant you out of courtesy. Well, that whole "no jurisdiction" thing-- that really doesn't fly in the FBI. Just tell him he can have a gun. But he can't. Well, as they say in America, "Hasta la vista, baby." Agent Booth, I will, I will do my utmost to get you a gun. In that case-- excuse me-- Bones and I are the best crime-solving team in America. Well, we're in England. Let's all just try and pull together, shall we? One nice little happy transnational unit of inquiry. Well, we should have these remains sent back to the Jeffersonian and parts of vehicle that may contain trace evidence. How do you feel about that, Dr. Wexler? Oh, I'm looking forward to completely surrendering myself to Dr. Brennan. You heard her: Back to the Jeffersonian, all of it. Put it in the overhead.  -==ÆÆÀÃÐÜÀÖÔ°ÇãÇé·îÏ×==- ±¾×ÖÄ»½ö¹©Ñ§Ï°½»Á÷£¬ÑÏ½ûÓÃÓÚÉÌÒµÓÃÍ¾</font> -=ÆÆÀÃÐÜ×ÖÄ»×é=- ·­Òë£º Ð£¶Ô£º Ê±¼äÖá£ºsouthwing08 & ËÉÊó</font> -==http://www.ragbear.com==- bones µÚ?¼¾µÚ1¼¯</font> Brennan sent all this evidence from England? Not just evidence, but actual human remains. The Brits used dental records-- no jokes, please-- to identify the daughter of a wealthy ex-pat. Typical American billionaire. He thinks we can do it better. Because we can do it better. X rays for you, Clark. Thank you. I'll take the body. See if there's any soft tissue worth looking at. And these crime scene photos are mine. Check it out. British slime. So much more proper than American slime. Some kind of paper. I'll see if there's anything on it. Okay, as usual, I'll need constant progress reports. Angela. Oh, my... Oh, my God. Grayson... Angela. That's the last bit of sugar you're ever gonna get from me. I want my divorce. Portia Frampton, only daughter of Roger Frampton, 47, formerly of Ringwood, New Jersey; and Sarah Frampton, nee Burroughs, deceased 1994 of Cheltenham, England. God, you wouldn't believe what my hotel gave me It was like this brown goo, and some kind of meat. I think it was a sausage about the size of my finger. I had an entire buffet. Well, you're staying at the Duke of something, all right? I'm at the Beefeater Hotel Motel. You ate in a beefeater. That's brave. Yeah, brave is right. It's the weakest coffee I've ever had. Booth, that's tea. Two weeks ago, Miss Frampton was last seen the morning after her 21st birthday party. It's quite a coincidence that Dr. Wexler is working for the victim's father. Well, not working for him, actually. Working for the city. But I shall check my diary to see if I killed her. Portia's party broke up around 2:00 a.m. and she was reported missing the following afternoon. Mm, the question is why? She was probably reported missing because nobody could find her. Ian... I suspect the reason why nobody could find her was because Portia was in a car on the bottom Just a theory, mind you. Right. It's a great theory. Can you hold onto that for one second? Thanks. Me and Dr. Brennan will go talk to the family. Together? That's what we do. That's what we do. You and a inspector. That's extraordinary. Sweet. Portia Frampton was struck from behind. Trauma to the zygomata suggests that she fell to the ground and then was struck again at least two more times. Weapon? The Brits weren't able to recover all the skull fragments so it's nearly impossible to tell. Excuse me. I'd like you to meet my husband. My soon-to-be ex-husband. We must talk. This is Birimbau? I prefer my real name: Grayson Barasa. Very nice to meet you all. Listen, uh, I realize that Grayson is very lovely. He certainly is. Thank you. He's a big dude. But until Grayson hands over signed divorce papers, I don't really need Hodgins seeing everybody gawking at him like he's some kind of god. Yeah, but he is some kind of god. The best kind. Cam... a little help here. Yeah. Oh, my God. Poor Hodgins. Wow. Look at that guy. He's just... Look at him! I'm sorry. Hodgins? Hey, Angie. This is Grayson Barasa... Birimbau. Please tell me you are here to sign the divorce papers. I can't do that. I am still in love with Angela. Of course you are. I understand, but Angela is in love with me. I told you, Grayson. Angela, do you remember the night we met? Vaguely. Ah, the waves were phosphorescent, like the world was upside down and we were swimming naked through the Milky Way. Bioluminescent phytoplankton. Nothing mystic. We talked about how the universe speaks to us. And when our lips met... I apologize. Hm? No worries. Our lips meet all the time. Bells. What? No, Hodgins. Literally, bells started ringing. It was nothing cosmic. Every bell on the island rang out. It was during the Shark Festival of Bells. What did you expect to happen? A 21-gun salute? so-so-so... what about the divorce papers? You need time to talk. Yuck it up, laughing boy. Wait until one of your ex-girlfriends comes to visit. Yeah. Back to work. Yeah. One of the reasons we moved away from the States was to get away Now look what happened. All right, Mr. Frampton, look, we're very sorry for the loss Was it a robbery? We don't know yet. I'm gonna need a list of your enemies. What enemies? Well, you're a very aggressive American businessman living here in England; you must have enemies. My daughter was a very sweet, innocentgirl. Not always... Mr. Frampton. What the hell are you asking for anyway? So you can put that picture away, Dr. Brennan. Miss Miller, how close were you to the stepdaughter? Heather and I are not married yet. Portia was like a younger sister to me. We talked about everything: clothes, school, Harry... Who's-who's Harry? Lord Henry Albert Bonham. Right. Is that some kind of a crusty old politician or something? Lord Bonham is a very un-crusty young man, heir to the Duke of Innesford. Right. Harry, Henry, Bonham, whatever. I read the tabloids. There was no mention of Portia dating any kind of royalty. The duke wanted it kept a secret. The duke would be the lord's father. I got it, Bones. I understand, okay? I'm just trying to help. I... All right, so the duke says something, and all of a sudden, magically, it happens. Welcome to England. A murderer is a murderer, no matter how close he is to the throne. Please, help me find out who did this Why did you rent this? I didn't rent this, okay? They screwed up at the rent-a-car place. I ordered an Aston-- you know, James Bond?-- but they gave me... Yeah, they gave you an Austin. It could happen to anyone. Um... we drive on the left here, as you may recall. Driving here requires a different skill set-- I could take the wheel, if you like -- I'm an excellent driver. Thank you, Rain Man. No, I'm fine. Tell you what, back home, we'd drag the whole Royal Family into interrogation, separately, let 'em stew, catch 'em in a lie. We could do that, if you like, but it'll give them time to close up. Do stay to the left here, please. Close up? Tighten ranks. Nothing is as impenetrable as the aristocracy freezing out hoi polloi I must say, I'm rather looking forward to two Americans Oh, the light is red. It's okay. I'm turning right. No, no, turning right on a red here is the equivalent of turning left on a red at home. That makes no sense. No, the point is it's against the law to turn on a red! Brake! Brake! Whoa! Brake! Get out of the way, wanker! Okay, I think we should wait here until the traffic thins out. God, I hate London! I hate England! I'm glad we had a revolution! Brennan. And the weather-- it changes, it's cloudy... The fatty acid composition of the victim's cervical fluid caught my attention, so I ran some more tests. Turns out Portia Frampton was pregnant. Pregnant? How far along? And coffee! What is so hard about making a cup of black coffee... About two months. Okay. Thanks, Kim. God... Okay, I feel much better. What'd I miss? Lord Henry Bonham, heir to the Duke of Innesford, knocked up the victim. Right. The Royals hate bastards. Only the ones that don't make king. Hang on, girls. Let me get out nice castle castle ??? This... is more properly called a "palace." Bones, a little help getting out, Bones? Geez, oh... God. Geez. Heads up. Getting out of this thing is like being born. Ooh. That the duke? It's his gentleman's gentleman. It's a butler. How you doing there, sport? Right. FBI. You might as well put this one away; it's worthless. And yet here I am. You mind waiting outside? Why? It's because Agent Booth not only wants he wants them upside down. He'll annoy them, you mean. Let's say the duke and duchess won't be used to your approach. Word of advice: when they start commenting on you to each other, you've got them on the run. Right. I noticed in the crime scene photos that the backseats of which started me thinking that maybe the victim was transporting something, So Brennan had strips of material sent from the vehicle, ST-90 transmission oil, made with poly-alpha-olefin, leaded, acidic H2O residue, and plenty of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Don't make her ask. Thank you, Angela. A motorcycle was transported in the back of the SUV. More likely a scooter, given the size. The killer kills, loads the body and his scooter. Or moped. Drives to the Thames... Dumps the car, body and all, in the river, and rides his scooter home. Through the teeming streets of London. So you're an honest- to-God real butler? My family has served His Grace's family for eight generations. Yeah, well, a real butler would offer to take my hat. A real gentleman would be wearing a hat. Whoa, look at this guy. Uh, yes, sir. It dates to... please don't touch that, Agent Booth. Late 1490s or early 1500s. German design? His Grace's ancestors fought for Henry VIII in France. Oh, geez, look at the size of this. That's one large cup-- probably to scare the sissy French. Actually, Henry VIII started the trend of large codpieces because he had syphilis so his penis was extremely sensitive to anything His Grace favors the "intimidate the enemy" version, should the topic arise. His Grace, Her Ladyship, and Lord Henry will meet you Two weeks and I'd heard nothing from Portia. I knew it'd turn out to be something terrible. You kept your relationship with Portia Frampton a secret. It didn't mean I didn't love her. Well, where we come from, that's exactly what it means. in this American has the right to pose these questions? Tell you what, you call Scotland Yard and the answer is always So, Portia ever come to visit this, uh, palace? This house? No. Why? I mean, you were in love with her. Right, lord? Well, it's my understanding that the class system though very much relaxed since the Second World War, still exists at the highest levels of society. That's you, right? One prefers not to make such an assertion. How long did yo and Portia Frampton carry on a sexual relationship? Did I ever say I was sleeping with her? Of course you had sex with her, Harry, and I'm sure she rather enjoyed it. You're a well-formed, athletic boy. Did you offer refreshments? I had no intention of encouraging them to stay longer, Mother. Tea, please. Harry kept his relationship with the Frampton girl secret because her father is a rapacious crook who uses intimidation and bribery to get what he wants. So... it had nothing to do with this? They brought that wretched rag into the house. I was there. It was the afternoon before Portia's birthday party. So you saw the photographer? Of course not. I'd have thrashed him. The lord was going to go all medieval. Portia's party was lovely. She left before I awoke the next morning. That's the last time I saw her. But you did hear from her. Right, because, uh, cell phone records indicate that you talked that morning. It was a very personal conversation. Did you discuss her pregnancy? I got it. I'll tell you what: there was an argument. Portia wanted to keep the baby; you didn't. I-I assure you I had absolutely no idea that... Could he possibly be suggesting that pregnancy is a motive for murder? Nonsense. Arrangements would have been made. Right, and you're positive that you're the father? Harry. Look at that. I'm being intimidated by royalty. If you must know, Portia broke up with me. She said there was to be no discussion. Ah! There you go: motive for murder, no matter what country we're in, hmm? What is this? It's Assam black tea-- very strong. Call it the upper class version of a cuppa joe. Cheers. Hey, I've been looking at those tabloid photos of the victim. Now, in a telephoto shot, most of the frame is blurry. Only the main subject is in focus. What is this place A dungeon? You see here? These pixels loo like they've been altered to appear fuzzy. So it wasn't really a telephoto lens? You light it with torches, right? It was a telephoto lens, but it's been doctored to look as though When ??? Well, why would anyone do that? You see that white sliver? You mean the white blob? Yeah, it's a reflection of light, almost as though the And... in Portia's eyes, do you see that? No. No. It's a reflection of a house. Do you see where I'm going? No. No. Someone took the picture inside the house. Right. With an 80-millimeter lens. Sweetie...my ex-husband is here with the divorce papers, so I'll fill you in when you get back. I love the mix of personal and professional you people seem to manage. Harry could have taken the photograph. Yes, that's certainly a possibility, but Harry had no motive to take the photo. We're most likely searching for a disgruntled servant I apologize for eating without you, but, apparently, to hold the table, you have to order. Yeah. I'm not here for food. I'm here to get you to sign the divorce papers. In my place, would you do that? I'm not in your place. I've been searching for Angela for five years. I know. I know. Our private investigator told us everything. You built Angela a home with your bare hands while simultaneously smuggling medicine to children in Cuba and supporting an orphanage. You're a saint. I get it. If you believe that to be true, then you should want I do. And guess what. It's me. Why are you better than me? Obviously, I'm not. But I do love her more than you. Oh, you cannot possibly know that. And yet, I do. We are at an impasse. You have no sense of dignity. Yeah. I'd give up my life for Angela, so what's a little dignity? She kissed me, you know. On the cheek or...? What's going on? Oh, man. He says you kissed him. I did. Whoa. It was a good-bye kiss. There's nothing you can do. You must accept... Hodgins! Here. Can you take this, please? Nice, Grayson. Angela... We've been working on identifying the photographer Well, surely, identifying her murderer is more important. These are paparazzi. They follow people. So maybe he saw something. I don't know, maybe the actual killer. The photo was taken from a bedroom in Portia's home. You're suggesting the help let a paparazzo into the house. Actually, the hel told Inspector Pritchard that you were Look. Maybe you want to tell us why you did it Roger and I have set five wedding dates over the years. And, each time, Portia found a way to make him postpone. She had her father wrapped around her little finger. So you killed her? Don't be ridiculous. I... I merely wanted Roger to regard Portia as a sexually mature adult with her own agenda instead of as an innocent child. Sorry I'm late. Court went rather longer than expected. Heather, I trust you've said nothing. Too late. Too late why? Your girlfriend sent the naked picture of your daughter to the tabloids so you'd stop thinking that she was perfect, and finally get married. What Americans lack in subtlety, they make up with clarity. Roger, I'm so sorry. Why the hell would you do that? Please believe me. I would never do anything I simply made a terrible mistake. Roger! Oh, Roger! I trust this interview is over. Actually, I just have one more question. Who the hell would want to wear this? It's so nice to see you relaxing, enjoying some good Cheers. Cheers. Tell you what. I'd like to see that open. Really? Why? Luck. Well, you'd have to be ridiculously lucky to see something like that,wouldn't you? That's my point. Well, you did get a little lucky today. Yeah. That's a Walther PPK. It's a James Bond gun. Booth-- Seeley Booth. No, that's terrible. Thanks, Pritch. But, please, um, just remember, though, that if you do use it, I'm the one they'll hang. Hey, I'm a good shot. Oh. Uh-oh, it's the American squints. You'll love these people. Booth-- Seeley Booth. Hey, uh, the paper you sent me turns out to be a letter to Portia Frampton from her mother. A keepsake from her childhood, perhaps? No, it's dated this year. What does the letter say? Uh, the entire body of the letter is indecipherable. The date and the salutation and the signature are clear, though. Thanks, Ange. So, Portia Frampton's mother is still alive? Visible on the L2 is an area of radiolucency. Can't see a damn thing. Give us a moment, Clark. We found a few more bone fragments today, Dr. Wexler. Good. How old? No more than 100 years. To prevent Frampton from building his beloved skyscrapers we need to find something from the Bronze Age or older. There is evidence of reabsorption of the surrounding bone. Ah, here, yes, I see. Very interesting. Cyril, you're being impertinent. Please stop speaking. Well, could the anomalybe a hemangioblastoma? Okay, off you go. And don't come back until you find at least one Have Cam do a histology, Clark. Will do, Dr. Brennan. So... what now? Well, I thought quick drink, back to yours for some sex, and then out for a late supper. I'm inclined to accept. I'm ever so pleased. But Booth says I shouldn't trust you. And why is that? Well, he says you like to rack them up. Rack them up? How vulgar. Booth is very good at reading people. Hmm. Well, in that case, how about we start with the supper, and then let the chips fall where they may? That would be an acceptable compromise. I checked out the skull fragments for microscopic traces. How shiny and pretty-- what is it? Mother-of-pearl. Have you talked to Angela today? Yes... are you saying our victim was attacked by an abalone? How mad is she? Mad, mad, mad. I thought women secretly liked it when we fought over them. "Women" is an unacceptable generalization. Well, you should look over your other shoulder. Bones, I've been driving since I was 12, okay? Would it make you less agitated if I told you that I didn't sleep with I'm not agitated, okay? I'm agitated because of driving this little car, Look, Dr. Wexler is just... I'm not agitated because of you and Dr. Wexler. Wexler's just another guy looking for a one-night stand. That's it... whoa. So? So, he doesn't take it seriously. Seriously? What do you mean? You never laugh during sex? Because I do. Whoa, do you see that lorry? I see that lorry. It's a truck, okay? We're an American, and that is a truck. I laugh during sex. It's... just... it's not that kind of serious. Well, I think Dr. Wexler is serious about having sex with me. Very interested. Okay, news bulletin for you. Bones, there's not a guy in this country who wouldn't have sex with you. Probably half the gay men... whoa, easy. Are you being nice about me or awful about Wexler is not special; you are. Brennan. Am I interrupting anything? No, I... I'm just helping Booth drive. Ooh, Booth shouldn't be behind the wheel. He isn't adaptable. I'm Mr. Adaptable, okay? And the mirror is the size of a thumbnail. Well, what do you expect when you rent a car the size of your thumb? I don't think there's enough fetal tissue to get a DNA reading, but... Cam, can we just be quiet until we get into the flow of traffic here? You think I'm special? Of course I think that you're special, yes. Thank you. I will take your romantic advice under advisement. Now you're too far to the left. You're gonna hit the curb! We're good. Yeah, unless we get a flat tire. No, we're good. If I could speak again, I had better luck with the tumor. Our victim suffered from Von-Hippel Lindau disease. We got a flat tire. How did that happen? Uh, it... there wasn't any evidence of VHL in either the mother's medical records or the autopsy report. But it's hereditary, so her father must have it. Roger Frampton worked for the NHL? He... he may have VHL disease. What if he doesn't have it? Then Roger Frampton is not Portia Frampton's biological father. Oh, God. Great. That's just great. I ??? My wife is not alive. Your daughter was carrying a letter from her mother It was dated Portia's 21st birthday. That's impossible. Tell your lab boys they got it wrong. Roger, the lab is, in fact, correct. Portia was indeed carrying a letter from Sarah, dated her 21st birthday. Portia and I met at a caf? in Knightsbridge, the day after her party. I gave her the letter personally. I think you'll find Sarah knew she was dying and entrusted Mr. Curry with letters, which he delivered on Portia's important birthdays. How do you know? Well, it's exactly what I'd have done if I were dying and leaving behind a young daughter. That's all very touching and all, but it still makes Wig-wearing Willy here the last person that saw Portia alive. For God's sake, now I'm a suspect? You should've told me, William. You're not the only person who engages me for my discretion, Roger. What did the letter say? I'm sure I couldn't possibly tell you. Uh, Mr. Frampton, how is your health? What the hell has that got to do with anything? Any nerve pain, dizziness, headaches? No, I'm healthy as an ox. Are you aware that Portia is not your biological daughter? Perhaps I should conduct the rest of this interview. Angela... Here we go. Angela, men are idiots. Seriously. Just to be clear, are you a man or a boy for the purposes of this conversation? When I was ten, the kid next door had a turtle party wagon. It's an accessory for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles action figures. It's a toy. No? Anyway, I loved that party wagon. I wanted that party wagon. So I climbed the tree outside his bedroom window. But the tree had a fungus and his dad was too cheap to hire an arborist. So unbeknownst to me, some of the branches were dead. Lucky for you, I enjoy a convoluted story with my hot beverage. I'm in the hospital-- broken arm, concussion... and the kid with the party wagon comes in. I confess everything. You know what he says? I would've given it to you. He had a little gay crush on you. He did? Oh, man, that explains a lot. But I'm guessing that you have a different point to the story, like maybe... I'm the party wagon. No, you're the gay neighbor boy. Your love is the party wagon. Grayson is the tree. I'm Hodgins. Think about it. Which brings us back to the point that all men are idiots. See how I worked that? It's because I'm so good. The treads in the victim's tires were mostly full of river silt. But... I did find a few more materials. Crushed scleractinian coral. Possibly from Australia. She was killed in Australia? It's used as a surface for private roadways in England. How does that help us? Well, it's been illegal to harvest this stuff for years, so the roadway in question is fairly old. And even when this stuff was available, it was incredibly expensive. And the organic material? Deciduous pinnate leaflets, medium pink petals. It's a rosa damascena. An antique rose bush. Hey, Hodgins... Yeah. Hey. Hi, Angela. Fine, I'll just pass this along to Booth and Dr. Brennan You guys go ahead and... Security cameras, people. The building's filled with security cameras. Can't have you punching my ex-husbands. Deal. So long as you don't kiss your ex-husbands On the lips. Deal. Look, it's simple. My heart isn't yours to claim. It's mine to give away. I get that. I mean what you're saying, not your heart. Well, idiot... you do get my heart. Because you're giving it to me? At last. A glimmer of understanding. Wow, that is so... flaky and New Age and... Yeah....wonderful. Okay! Okay! I get it. The universe speaks. I hear. Guy said he was going to fix the flat tire. What's it doing up on the truck? Crushed coral and rose petals. Hodgins found coral and roses in Portia Frampton's tires. Who takes a car with a flat tire and puts it up on a truck, all right? You fix it. That's what you do. If there was a spare tire, I'd have fixed it. Probably you cracked an axle or something. Thanks, Cam. That was very useful. All right, great, now I got to call Agent Pritchard and I'm gonna have to ask her for a ride. You know, England is not good for my personal dignity, all because of a f... flat tire. Wait. Whoa, whoa, Bones, don't smell that. You don't know where that's been. Yes, I do. This is crushed coral and it... smells like roses. Where did we pick up crushed coral? The private road and driveway at the Bonham Estate. Portia Frampton drove to the Bonham Estate just before she died. And the royals said she never came to the house. He ??? You honestly believe the Duke of Innesford is Portia Frampton's Both he and his mother show symptoms of VHL disease. Well, we're standing on coral; those are rose bushes, and that is a scooter that could fit very nicely into the back of an SUV. That's great. Okay, what's taking our backup so long? I didn't request backup. Well, great. In that case... I want a gun. I'm a very good shot and I've killed before. It didn't bother me as much as I thought. It bothered you a little. Yes, but not as much as I thought. If there's gonna be gunplay, I think I'll wait in the car. Nonsense, Ian, there won't be any gunplay. Why not? We won't need guns because we have the letter from Portia's mother. We don't know what it says. Ah, but they don't know that. Good one, Pritch. What'd you just call her? "Pritch," Ian. He called me, "Pritch." Short for "Pritchard." Will you please put that weapon away. Fine. It just feels wrong. I have a letter addressed to Portia from her mother. Portia's mother died 14 years ago. She wrote it on her deathbed. On her deathbed? Well, you know what this means. Big doings. Big doings. I'm going to have Dr. Brennan read it out loud. What? "My dearest daughter Portia..." Did we mention it's dated Portia Frampton's 21st birthday? Start at the beginning, Bones. "My dearest daughter Portia..." Skip to the part about her father. Wait. A moment. Please. Would you leave us, Harry? Why? What's happening, Gerard? Please, trust me. This is not the way for Harry to discover certain harsh truths. Please, Harry. A little trust. That must be one hell of a letter. You must believe me when I tell you that I had no idea before Portia read the letter to me. What? You met with Portia here? What did it say? It says that the Duke was Portia's biological father. How remarkably unsavory. Well, you couldn't possibly think that Gerard Why not? Portia asked me if I were her father. I admitted that it was more than possible. Mother-of-pearl. This is very possibly the murder weapon. Isn't this the part where we call for legal counsel? I did not kill Portia Frampton, Mother. Thank you for your faith. I believe I'm going to have to request you to accompany me Your Grace. They request? It's a polite country. That will not be necessary. It was I. Jamison! The butler? You ordered your butler to kill Portia Frampton? The duke had absolutely nothing to do with it. If Jamison confesses, Harry need never know that Portia was his sister. We'll provide you with the finest representation. Thank you, ma'am. Come on, you mean to tell me that neither one of you get the weirdness All right, the butler did it. It was the butler! Inspector Pritchard will be hours in the interrogation room but the fact is we'll never really know for certain. You mean he might just be protecting the duke? It's utterly conceivable, yes. Well, I thought I might try and entice you back You know I do have a gun in England, and I really have been dying to use it. I'll handle this. You know, it's a James Bond gun. It's a Walther PPK, by the way. Ian, I think you're a lot of fun. Oh, hell's bells and buckets. I think I know where this is going. It would upset Booth if I slept with you. You see, rationally speaking, if you were to have someone operate on your brain, for example, you would want a surgeon who's done the procedure many hundreds You know, someone who's absolutely at the top of their game. I don't really see why sex should be any different. Rationally speaking, you're absolutely right. Good. Then, we're settled. Off we go. Look out for the bridge opening. They say it's good luck. That should keep him occupied for hours. Common sense says you don't offend your partner for an hour of fun. What? One hour? You underestimate me, Dr. Brennan. Oh, this is absolutely the dregs, isn't it? I'll call you again before you leave. Who knows? You could be in a more rational frame of mind. * What is there missing from me * * That I see in you? * * What can I say? * * What can I do? * Why are you looking at me like that? I'm just here to help you pick out a guy, you know. Never mind. I'm just here to bring a little luck. I don't believe in luck. you don't believe in luck? Okay, well, how do you explain when good things happen Define "good things." You know, good things. Money in the bank. Uh, hey, Doris Day parking. What's Doris Day parking? A big piece...a big piece of the pie, that's good luck. I call that a solipsistic perceptual response to the random nature Well, tomato, potato. Call it what you want. You know what? It's still luck. You are lucky I understand you when you say things that make no sense. See, you just agreed with me that is was luck. You just agreed, right there. I did not! * ...the pictures we took * * Together in the park... * * 'Cause everything's dancing around * * Just trying to stay on the ground... * Clark, some lunch? I was told to catalogue all unidentified remains while Dr. Brennan was away. And you were told to do this without eating? Dr. Brennan was quite adamant they all be done Oh, come on, Clark. The divorce papers are signed, and the wedding is on again, and we were all going to celebrate. Yeah, I'm sure he feels that your invitation is a polite but insincere attempt not to exclude him. Ah, we were just trying to spread the sunshine here, Clark. I just wanted to say good-bye, Angela. I'm off to the airport. Oh, thanks. That's nice. And thanks for the divorce. I really appreciate it. Your happiness is all that matters to me. And if, in a day,or week or a year, you want me back in your life, I'll be there. Right. Well, we've got your number, so have a good trip. Cherish her. Done. Isn't this all extremely awkward? That's sad. It's actually a display of conflicting emotions. What Reich called "the battle for orgastic potency," which... Maybe later. sure. Would you like a ride to the airport? That would be very kind. Well, thanks, Cam. sure. Honestly, guys, I don't have to be included in everything. So Wexler still hasn't called you,right? Ian is the top forensic anthropologist in England. He's a very busy man,Booth. Busy trying to get you into bed for the past two weeks. Least he could do is call. God,we're gonna need another cab just for all your stuff. I was given lots of presents by the students at Oxford. Oh,no,no,no,no,no,no. Don't touch that one. Whoa. Why? What is it? Why? Because your students gave you your gifts, and the cops at Scotland Yard gave me a little something something for their appreciation. What is that? It's a bobblehead bobby. That's all you got? It's a real nice one. Look. Oh,what is this now, the queen's jewels? Well,the bellman will help. No,he's better dressed than I've ever been; he'll get all dirty. Got to tell you,know what? There's no rule saying you can't call him. Although I got to tell you, a guy who doesn't want to talk to you just because you decide not to have sex with him, he can't be that great. What,in bed? No,great guy. Oh,because I think Ian would be great in bed. Okay,next. All right. Hey,pal,how about a little help? I got to get to the airport. Come on. I'm sorry they canceled your flight. I'm not. Neither am I. I was just trying to be polite. You know,it's getting late. Let me order you some breakfast before you go to work. Earth-shattering sex and breakfast? I can die a happy woman. You know,I'm glad to be heading home,but I think America dropped too much of the,uh, English stuff back in 1776. Like what? Well,you know, like,uh,royalty. Meaningless title, no real power. What,you never wanted to be a princess when you were a kid? No. Even now? A castle,a moat, knights in shining armor. You know what? I risk my life for the United States government every day. I wonder if I can get Congress to pass something like,uh, knighthood? Sir Seeley Booth. Just sounds right. Booth. I get my worth from my intelligence and accomplishments, from actual achievement. I don't need a title. What-what's wrong? It's Dr. Wexler. Remodeling and analysis of the marrow indicates the subject lived in or around the coast of North Carolina. We should look at Jamaica. No evidence suggests the Caribbean. For our wedding. Right. What was I thinking? Oh,I was focusing on my work. You'll be in love one day,too,Clark. Yes,but today I am alone and happily dating multiple women so I can concentrate on my work and not get fired. I also know this little island off the coast of Maine... Of course you do. Sorry I'm late. What'd I miss? Uh,we're deciding between Maine and Jamaica for the wedding. Did Angela's ex get off okay? Whoa,sorry? You took him to the airport. Oh,off. Of-of course. Yes,he's off and gone. All gone. Great. Thank you for doing that. Anytime. Either Maine or Jamaica, you can't really go wrong. I should... Bye. Ian said you were the best. What happened? Why are you giving him a gun? We're leaving. I think Inspector Pritchard is asking us to stay,Bones. You want me to look at some remains? Do you think they're Ian's? Are you ready for this? This is Ian Wexler's flat. This is Ian Wexler's bed. Markers are consistent with Ian's build and age. Of course I'll need access to a lab to make a definitive conclusion. I'm sorry,Bones. And Pritchard, I can only imagine how difficult this is, losing a partner. CID is saying that there appears to have been a gas explosion. Right,looks like,uh, he was drinking. He did enjoy a glass or two. Bones,cigarette. Did Ian smoke? Not that I'm aware of. Looks as though he put the kettle on, and,uh,lit the cigarette. Pilot goes out. There's a gas leak, and whoosh,place goes up. No water in the kettle. Water on the boil does tend to evaporate,Agent Booth. Look,we don't suspect foul play. We just want Dr. Brennan to give us a definitive identification. Water doesn't evaporate if the stove wasn't lit. Oh,perhaps even British resolve takes a knock when one loses one's partner. There's evidence of trauma to the frontal bone. That's gonna happen when the ceiling collapses on you,Bones. No,this was before the fire. This was not an accident, Inspector. You wanted to see me? Oh,man,that is cool. Not why you're here,Dr. Sweets. Sure. But it's amazing that all of our hopes and desires and fantasies, pain and pleasure all reside in three pounds of tissue. Yeah,great. Well,some part of this little devil made me sleep with Angela's ex. You slept with Angela's ex?! Shh. A little discretion, please. I might say the same to you. It just happened. I... His flight was canceled; I was parked at the airport hotel; he checked in, and I figured I'd see what all the fuss was about. And was there fuss? Yes. Well-deserved fuss. Why exactly? You're here as a shrink, Dr. Sweets,not as a guest on Loveline. Yes. Fine. Sorry. Should I tell Angela? I mean,we're friends, and I don't want her to find out some other way 'cause then it'll seem like I'm hiding it. Which you'd like to do because you're feeling guilty. Yes. Good. Keep going. But he's gone now. Almost. Almost? Well,there aren't as many flights to Fiji as you'd think. So it might come up again. Oh,yes. I'm seeing him again tonight. I didn't mean it like that. Neither did I. Right. Okay,well,uh, it's understandable for you to feel some guilt and anxiety, which,by the way, is centered here. Dr. Sweets. Right. Um, you feel you have no right to pleasure because it comes at the expense of your friends. Yes. You're good. But he's leaving soon, so I could say nothing and hope it all goes away. Mm-mm. But you'd still have to carry that anxiety every time you saw Angela. Angela is open-minded by nature. She's happy with Hodgins. I think clearing the air would be good for both of you. Right. Of course. Thank you. Yeah. Can I touch the brain just once,as a reward? Just once. Squishy. Hey. I just got off the phone with Brennan. Her friend Wexler has been killed in a fire. Scotland Yard wants her to help in the investigation. They're sending the remains to Wexler's lab at Oxford. Brennan's gonna use the video link and the Web to send us crime scene photos and X-rays, whatever we need to help. I'll tell Hodgins and Clark. Yeah. Yeah. We have not yet confirmed beyond a shadow of a doubt... that the... human remains found in Dr. Ian Wexler's flat... But,um, there's always a chance. You see,in cases like this,the... My preliminary findings are that the remains in question are those of Ian Wexler. I'm confident that this suspicion will be confirmed later today. Cause of death has not been determined, but we have not ruled out foul play. Uh,many of you were close, very close,to Dr. Wexler, and we'd appreciate any information you can provide. Thank you. I think we should talk to Sid and Nancy first. A reminder,Agent Booth,there is a proper chain of command, and I'm the lead on this investigation. Why are you talking to him like that? You asked us to stay. I feel it's importantto be clear. You gave him a gun and everything. Bones,it's okay. Understand,Pritch, we're just here to help-- whatever you need. Thank you. We saw Dr. Wexler night before last. He seemed fine. He was going out... He was going out for a drink. Frampton was driving him mad. Why? He was trying to shut down the dig. So he could build one of his condo developments on it. What's to become of the dig now? The bloody dig can wait,Cyril. Dr. Wexler is dead. Dr. Wexler would want the job finished. You know it's true. Well,we're gonna have to talk to the two of you again, after Dr. Brennan confirms the cause of death. Legally,the remains have to stay here, but we've uploaded all of the X-rays. I'll have casts of the bones made and ship them to you as they are finished. The fire substantially occludes what we can glean from these images. Can you focus on his feet? Sure. ?????????????Can I have any direct access to particulates? As soon as Inspector Pritchard gets the okay from Scotland Yard. How you doing, sweetie? I'm focused on finding out what happened to Ian. The X rays are starting to arrive. I can see the depression fracture you mentioned on the frontal bone. Looks like it was made by a small object,like a... ball-peen hammer. Was there enough tissue for a tox screen? It's being run now. We'll e-mail you the results. What is that on the top of his left femur? Some kind of plastic which may have been in his pocket. Send me some high-res photos. I'll see if I can speed things along. Thanks. Call if you find anything. Hey,Brennan,wait. Grayson signed the divorce papers, so the wedding is on again. Congratulations. Oh,is that bad,to congratulate someone on a divorce? Hard to believe it's over, right? Yeah,hard to believe. Well,we'll talk soon. Dr. Temperance Brennan, resuming analysis. The material fused into the anterior ventral femur appears to be plastic,partially melted. Booth. I found something. What is it? Where would Ian get a poker chip marked HGC? My God. Two nights ago,Dr. Wexler was buying drinks for his friends and playing the tables as if he hadn't a care in the world. Was he with a woman? This is a gentlemen's club, Agent Booth. I didn't see a stage or pole or dancers or anything... No,a-an English gentlemen's club is for actual English gentlemen. How did Dr. Wexler strike you? Flush. What's that mean? I believe you'd say "rolling in dough"? That's right. He,uh, he paid off his tab. How much did he owe? We're getting into ticklish areas of confidentiality now. This is a gentlemen's club,after all. Scotland Yard will guarantee the FBI's discretion. Isn't that right, Agent Booth? Hmm? Yeah,right. Over ?,000. He paid it off in cash. Where'd he get that kind of money? I'm sure I have no idea. Please. Look,I,um,took this, you might say,as a precaution,even though Dr. Wexler told us that he knew the gentlemen and... everything was fine. This was taken from the security camera. Nice tattoo. And the guy with the tattoo is taking him away. Well,if I thought they were going to kill him, then I'd have done something. Don't beat yourself up,pal. You know,I'm sure you did the best you could. Tox screen showed he had quite a night with his friends Mr. Scotch and Mr. Merlot. Blood alcohol level was .18. No drugs, recreational or otherwise, and no evidence of nicotine. So what was the cigarette doing in his hand? Put there to justify the explosion,I would imagine. What have you found, Mr. Edison? Well,if the casts are accurate, new bone growth formed a craggy surface on the scapulas and both the left and right lateral epicondyles. Meaning? The victim had bursitis caused by strenuous repetitive motion. The only time I've seen this was on an autoy of a sculler. What is that,like a fish? A sculler is someone who crews on a rowing team. I also examined the fracture to his frontal bone. It was the result of a head-butt. Ouch. I concur. I'll send your findings to Dr. Brennan. Thank you. What are you working on,Angela? Uh,blowing up all the photos of the remains for Clark and Hodgins, trying not to lose quality. Excellent. Oh,one other thing. I slept with your husband-- ex-husband. What? Good-bye. Don't leave. Mr. Edison, I need a witness. I'm sure you can find somebody who's been here longer than h Ie. Are you one of us or not? Uh,no,I'm not one of us. Well,you'll do anyway. Angela,I slept with him, and I feel really weird about it. W-Wait,how? D... I mean,when? Oh,God. Grayson's flight was canceled, and one thing led to another. He's very attractive, so... we spent the night together. I'm sorry. It's okay. Really? Yeah,of course. Why not? We're divorced,so... I mean,I got what I wanted from him,so... ...now I guess you did,too. Well... yeah. Can I go now,please? Angela,I... You are an amazing person. Why are you amazing now? I slept with Grayson, and Angela's okay with it. Of course. Yeah. Why should I care? I'm going to marry you. Well,I see no holes in your logic. And he'll be gone in a day. He's... still here? Wow,that must have gone well. Is that something for me? it's preliminary results of particulate and bug analysis. Now,I found microphytobenthos algae, epipsammic and epipelic diatoms, as well as a Chironomus riparius,or midge fly,</i> all of which were on the clothing shreds they sent me. Well,you're excited, so it must mean something. The levels and sediment on the algae indicate that the victim was near Henley-on-Thames within 24 hours of his death. The Henley Royal Regatta takes place there. Rowing. Why are you doing this with me and not Inspector Pritchard? Come on,Bones,you and me, we're the real deal. All right,look,you know, she's having a tough time with this. I would,too,you know, if you were killed. Well,yeah,you're sentimental that way. Excuse me,the guy at the main boathouse told me that Dr. Wexler was a teammate of you blokes. Blokes? Yeah,you know, I'm kind of feeling at home. FBI. Special Agent Booth. I have a few questions abo... Hey,I'm talking here. I think you're a bit lost,mate. You're looking for America. Head for the coast, cross the pond, and you'll find a bunch of Yanks you can ask whatever you want. All right. Is that right? Excuse me,buddy. We're working with Scotland Ya. I-I'm Dr. Brennan. Ian was a friend of mine. God,the man's got a head like a boulder. You're the American bird Wexler was talking about, aren't you? I'm surprised that lady cop of his isn't looking out for him. Yeah,the two of them seemed... more than colleagues. Inspector Pritchard and Dr. Wexler had a sexual relationship? y,listen,love, Ian isn't exactly the faithful type, so if he's promised you something... He's dead. He was murdered. No. What? We had a race this afternoon. I... thought we'd be seeing him. That's a pretty distinctive tattoo you got there. Any chance you were at the Highgate Club night before last? Oh,w-whoa,w-wait. You think we killed Wex? Well,you dragged him out of the club,didn't you? This is bollocks. We had a race. If we don't sober Wex up in time,he's no good to us. His timing is completely discombobulated from the alcohol. So you beat him up? No,we dragged him into a bed in the boathouse and we poured coffee into him in the morning. His frontal bone was bruised. His forehead. Maybe you gave him a good crack like you just gave me? No,he didn't head-butt Wex. Tell you who did-- a coxswain for the Queen's Light Guards. What's his name? Jasper Ferry. Booth,he's not going to talk to you. It's a tradition. I know that,Bones,but I think I almost got him. There's a little sweat coming off the side of his face. If you interfere with one of the queen's guards, I'm afraid I shall have to arrest yo Agent Booth. Simmer down; I'm not doing anything wrong here. I'm just waiting for Lieutenant Ferry to go off duty, that's all. He did not murder Ian. How do you know that? My colleagues at the Jeffersonian have discovered some very compelling evidence. I imagine that you learned that two of Wexler's teammates  from Henley-on-Thames abducted him from the club in order to sober him up before a race. Then they told you about his argument and subsequent fight with Lieutenant Jasper Ferry here, which Wexler lost after a well-deserved head-butt. Why is everybody head-butting everybody around here? What's wrong with a good sock to the jaw? Well-deserved? Why well-deserved? Ian was shagging Lieutenant Jasper Ferry's sister. How did you figure that out? A revolutionary technique which consists of asking a series of questions to a murder victim's friends. Nonetheless, I am terribly impressed that your scientists can deduce almost as much from a few particulates. Almost as much. Almost as much? Look,I'm sorry about your sister. I really have to thank you. That was excellent advice. You're welcome. It's always best to be honest. Good,then I can tell you it was tough to take you seriously at first. I mean,you don't even look old enough to drive, so I thought how could you possibly have any valid insights? I have two doctorates... I know,but doctorates don't teach you about sexual matters, and being so young, I thou... I get it,Dr. Saroyan. I'm just... Being honest,I know. I... I'm just very grateful to you,Dr. Sweets. That's all. Dr. Hodgins, Scotland Yard was interested in those other particulates you had found that did not indicate Henley. Okay,just... okay. Okay, and Angela,I was wondering when you might finish enhancing those photos. Clark needs them. You'll have them when they're done. What do you think we're doing? Shirking our responsibility or something? You know,we've been doing an excellent job around here even before you showed up, so regulate yourself,okay? I think maybe there are still a few unresolved issues. We're still questioning the female students. It seems that they're all accusing each other, you know,each one thinking that they were special to Ian. Hmm,is that what you think,too? You've been asking questions of your own,I see. Apparently,you were sleeping with Dr. Wexler. Don'yot think that was something you,uh, should have told us,Inspector? Oh,please. I'm British first,a cop second, and a woman third. It's a miracle it ever came to light. For how long? Irrelevant. What you really want to know is if sharing Ian with other women made me want to kill him. Did it? All those pretty young students. The thing that made Ian so very,very good in bed was all that practice. Sorry. Was that indiscreet? I thought Americans were all brash and forthright. And here I thought the Brits were all frustrated sexually and repressed. Brennan. We found something. Are you busy? No,no,this is a fine time. Assuming the casts are accurate, I've isolated a stab wound that originates between the sixth and seventh thoracic vertebra. Which would have pierced the lung and heart. Most definitely. That's a very deep wound. Bones,what is it? Ian was stabbed to death. And the weapon? Don't know. Maybe they found something at the scene. Nice work,Clark. Thanks. Did you find any weapon at Ian's apartment that could have been used to stab him? No,and I was there the whole time. You're doubting me. Yes. Inspector Pritchard, I just wanted... Oh,I am not the jealous sort, and you're painfully naive if you think my sex life was limited to Ian, as I'm sure yours was not. But I didn't sleep with Ian. You didn't? No. Why not? You obviously fancied each other. Yes,I noted several physiological responses to his presence, which can only be explained by sexual attraction. So why didn't you sleep with him then? Because of Booth. Oh... You know, I suspected that you two might be more than just partners. Oh,no,that's incorrect. Booth advised me not to sleep with Ia because Booth didn't want me to be another notch on Ian's bedpost. See,I rather saw it as climbing Everest. Of course it's been done before, but the experience is still breathtaking. You have a strong sexual appetite, and you're not hamstrung by social moralizing. I can empathize with that. Thank you. Well,why didn't you tell us that you had a relationship with Wexler? Because I thought I'd be taken off the case. I mean,if Agent Booth was murdered, wouldn't you do everything in your powers to make sure that you found the killer? Yes. But I don't sleep with Booth. Have you withheld any other information? Why on earth would I do that? Because you called a meeting to talk to us, and then Clark called to give us cause of death, and then we basically accused you of murder. So while Booth went to get our car,I followed you to your car, and we began discussing mountain climbing and sex with Ian and... Thank you,Dr. Brennan. I believe I'm up to date now Oh. You're absolutely right. I did forget to give you this. It's a writ of release on Frampton's building site. The site has been certified as having no historical importance whatsoever. Signed and dated "Dr. Ian Wexler" shortly before his death. This document would be worth millions of dollars to Frampton. Well,I suggest that you and Agent Booth ask Mr. Frampton if he forced Ian to sign that before killing him. Okay. word to the wise,Dr. Brennan. I'd encourage you not to forego Everest. But it's too late. Ian's dead. Oh,yes,of course. To whom else would I be referring other than Ian? FRAMPTON: Me kill Wexler? According to the papers, the poor bastard died in a fire. That wasn't cause of death. He was stabbed. We do know that Dr. Wexler stood in the way of your latest project. He was checking the site for historical value. It's the law. Nothing stands in your way. Everything stands in my way, Agent Booth. Environmental groups, historical societies. You know,there's even a radical preservationist group. They threatened me because I want to improve the city. Saviours of Antiquity. I'd like to build a time machine, take all these lunatics, and send them back where there's no air conditioning or TV, and they can watch their loved ones die from the flu and the plague because there's no medicine, then see how they like the good old days. Right. Um,Dr. Wexler, uh,signed the writ for you to start building. Correct? Of course he did. Spent two years rooting around in the dirt, and all he got was dirty. We couldn't help but notice how recently Dr. Wexler gave his okay for you to build. So I guess the only question is: how forceful did you have to get with him? I see. Yeah,so I was so inspired by the sadistic murder of my daughter that I thought that I would try one myself. If the'sreothing further, I'm gonna get blind drunk. So I found something very odd that was on the victim: mercury fulminate. I thought Cam was going to be sending us all the results. I'm a grown-up. I don't need a middle man. Now,with this amount of mercury, I'd think he'd been poisoned,but tox results say otherwise. And it didn't come from Henley? Nope. I also found phyllosilicate minerals and carbonic acid. But I'm not sure where they came from either. Hey,can you have them send me more samples from the remains and the locations from which they came on the body? Of course. But Scotland Yard says that all requests have to come through Dr. Saroyan. Right. 'Cause nothing could possibly happen without her. Is everything okay,Hodgins? Yep. Sure. Fine. I'll have our all-powerful leader send the request. Thank you all for coming. Cam said we had to. Or lose our jobs. For insubordination. Oh,I was kind of hoping that you all came of your own volition with an eye toward ameliorating a tense situation. Can't you just tell her not to be so bossy? I'm your boss. It's very important to realize that Dr. Saroyan has done nothing to merit your anger. Thank you. As a boss. But by sexualizing her relationship with Mr. Barasa... Is there no better way to put that? Everything else sounds worse. She's made you both confront unresolved feelings about Mr. Barasa's impact on your lis and how he affects your relationship. Angela and I love each other and are getting married. I know. Why did you think I was questioning that? Look,Shrinky, don't go making problems where there aren't any,okay? Although,the next time that you drive somebody to the airport, ju tsthem fly the hell out of Dodge,okay? This all would have been a lot easier if I'd kept my mouth shut. No,nonsense. You're all friends. I'm sure now that you see the situation for what it is, you'll know how to move through it. Am I right? I think Dad wants us to apologize. I apologize for... sleeping with people. I apologize for snapping at you after basically giving you permission to sleep with people. Oh,God. So now everything is fine? That is the result of open and honest communication with a highly trained mediator. Fine. I am sorry for being so cranky, which is my basic personality, so it seems stupid to apologize... Hodgins, would you just... I apologize. Dr. Wexler never said one word about giving Frampton the okay to build condos here. Well,he signed a writ saying this place had no historical value. I'm stunned, I tell you. The writ must be a forgery. After two years,you hadn't found anything. I think that's a reasonable time line. This says we have to vacate the dig in two days. But Dr. Wexler felt certain we were close. There was a previous Bronze Age find about 600 meters south. That's his signature,right? I don't care; he wouldn't do it. Agent Booth, Dr. Brennan. Yeah? Got these from our forensic accountant. Wow,look at that. These are checks made out to Wexler. Ten of them from a shell company owned by Frampton. Seems that 25,000 pounds was the going rate for a piss-broke forensic anthropologist. That's how he paid off his debts. Frampton bribed Ian to vacate the dig. ercury fulminate the lower extremities, higher concentration on the patellas, and the greatest was where he was stabbed. So it was on the murder weapon. Yeah,looks that way. Any idea what kind of weapon it was? Not yet. Whatever punctured the bone was rough,like a stick. And I've tried knives, awls,picks, but nothing matches. Who would use mercury fulminate? It's used in neon lights, batteries, by taxidermists and at tanneries, and in the manufacture of explosives. Frampton has different companies. Maybe one of them uses mercury fulminate. Yeah,I'll see what he owns. Yeah,and I'll look for any instruments found in those fields that could be used as a weapon. Ah,look at that, Bones,huh? I'm not saying that we should have a king or a queen or beheadings and all that jazz. I'm just saying,you know, calling someone like,uh, hey,Sir Seeley Booth, now that is civilized. What makes you think that you would be knighted? Comen. You're serious,right? Please. Well,look at this. You two seem to be relaxing. Yeah,I got to tell you, I'm getting into it,you know? My head is feeling a little bit clearer, as chaotic as the English can be. So,Pritch,tell me, you think I got what it takes to be a knight,right? That's not your first pint,is it? No. Did you bring information on the case? I ran some checks on Saviours of Antiquity. Last year,they were suspects in the bombing of a new construction built on the site of a 13th century church in Bayswater; burned it to the ground. Mercury fulminate. I'm sorry? Used to manufacture explosives. The residue would be on the bomb-makers and could have been transferred to Ian's stab wound. Well,only two of the members of the group were charged; others were released. Look who they let go. Cyril. Yeah. Who would be very angry that Wexler sold out the dig. CYRIL: I'm telling you,Vera. There's nothing more to be done there. It's shut down. A week,maybe ten days to clean up, and it's over. So suddenly, after two years. Hey,Vera,Dr. Brennan wants to see you in the lab. What,not me? No,Cyril. Dr. Brennan wants you to tell us about this. Saviours of Antiquity. Oh,please. Where were you on the night that Dr. Ian Wexler died? You can't be serious. Cyril finds out his profr's on the take, and he kills him. I was in Wales, visiting my parents. Cyril quit the Saviours years ago. I joined mostly to meet women. I'm not a fanatic. Call my mum, ask her. We ate eel; it's my favorite dish. You think they ever made a Frankenstein in this place? Frankenstein was the doctor, not the monster. Yeah,'cause the other way around, that would make no sense. Bones,I know that look. Me,too. Whenever Ian had that look, it meant that things had just gotten more complicated. Clark just got the last of the casts. And while he was finishing reconstructing the skeleton, he found an extra bone. Wexler had an extra bone? No,no,no. It's a shattered section of a femur from someone else that the interns here didn't identify. Every piece of bone you have here was found and catalogued at the scene. Well,maybe he held onto it. You know,bone people like to hold onto bones. I think it's a murder weapon. Seriously? The entry point of the stab wound is between T-6 and T-7,extending approximately 22 centimeters through the heart and lungs. The killer used a bone to stab Ian? Live by the bone, die by the bone,it's... Sorry. It occurs to me that if we find the origin of the bone, then,well, we find the murderer. That's where the mercury comes in. This bone displays very highlevels of m What does that mean,Bones? Nothing. That's very useful. Well,I'm more interested in the fact that it's ossified. That basically means that it's turned to stone. No,no,no, don't you start explaining things to me now. Okay,what is the significance of that? It means it's over 2,000 years old. I was already working at the top of my game knowing "ossified." 2,000 years old puts this bone firmly in the Bronze Age. The site. Oh,my God,what... so this bone alone would have prevented Frampton from building his skyscrapers. Yes. Perhaps the murderer used it to kill Ian as a... as a kinymd bolic revenge for signing the writ. That makes sense. No,it doesn't make sense. Nobody just kills somebody with a bone symbolically, not even in England. So,what then,Agent Booth? Well,you have the fire, the cigarette. It was all set out of panic. The killer didn't act symbolically. He acted out of rage. Sweets is actually good at his job. I know,right? I mean,did you understand you weren't actually mad at Cam? No,actually,I was mad at her. I mean,you don't ve sex with someone, and then expect everything to be fine. Yeah,not when they're supposed to be gone and out of our lives; that is not fine. No,it definitely is not. Why? You're divorced. Why aren't you fine with Cam sleeping with him? Well,for the same reason you aren't fine with him still being in town. Buif everything's over with him,what... why do you care who he sleeps with? Why do you care that he's still in town? I don't care. Obviously,you do. If you were 100% certain of me, you wouldn't care, but you do. If you were 100% certain you didn't want him, you wouldn't care that Cam slept with him. You don't trust me. Saying that means you don't trust me. How can two people who don't trust each get married? I thought we did trust each other. Yeah,I did,too. Two people who don't trust each other shouldn't be together at all. You really think that? Don't you? I mean,yeah,I... I do. I mean,I actually do think that,but... Oh,my God. Yeah. I don't know what happened. I don't either. But I know it did happen. I'm gonna... I'm gonna go. You know,all you had to do was trust me. Hey... you're the one that's leaving. You're the one who isn't stopping me. Dr. Wexler would have told us about a find this important. Yeah,unless he wanted to keep the money. Brennan, why are we here? This was farmland,a stable, for over 200 years. the 18th and 19th centuries. So? No mercury, but in the 17th century, there was an inn over there and a tannery right there. One of the oldest tanneries in Kensington. Oh,my God. What? That's right. Mercury fulminate is used in tanning. The tannery was here for over 100 yea Mercury would have seeped into the soil and contaminated whatever it touched. Why is this area covered? Vera,you supervised that part of the dig. Nothing was found there. Dr. Wexler told us to move on. Booth,will you help me? Yeah,I got it. This soil should be loose from the excavation. It's been packed down. And covered by wooden pallets. Vera,what's going on? Nothing,I told you. Dr. Wexler instructed me to move on. Another ossified bone chip. This is a Bronze Age site. You live for this. Why'd you cover it up? I didn't do anything. Cyril,tell them. We've been working together two years trying to make this find. The bone had no hilt. She would have scraped her palm if she stabbed him. You two are very,very good. Wethe best. Good job,Bones. Come on,up you go,Vera. Can I have some cuffs,please? You don't understand. You don't understand what Ian wanted to do. Kill Wexler so you could keep the money for yourself? Ian wanted to give the money back. Don't you understand? Not at all. I'm afraid I do. It was Ian through and through. He happily accepdtethe bribe money when there was no reason to be bribed, but the minute they found something, he got all noble and principled and... and wanted to return the money. It would have ruined his career. Yeah,and mine,too, don't you see? He never thought of that. So,Ian was a good man,really? A relatively good man... which was good enough for some of us. Technically,you have not reached Temperance Brennan, but if you leave a message, it wilreach her... me,Temperance Brennan. Hey,sweetie,it's me. Hodgins and I broke up, and,uh... I won't really know why until I speak to you,so... I'm just gonna crawl into bed until you get home, and then we can... Angela? Oh,God. You again. I heard you broke up with the small,angry man, so before I leave,I want to ask you one more time. No. No one gets me. I'm nobody's. I understand. Perhaps you can drive me to the airport? That's some kind of code for you,isn't it? Maybe I should take him. No,I'll take him. What's this? Look,it's been... very interesting working here,but... I'm a man of science, and this place is just... It's very dramatic. Well said. I just want to work in a regular lab,you know? So,you want that ride or not? Yes,he does. You know,Wexler was kind of like a Robin Hood kind of a character. Steal from the rich. I turned down my chance to sleep with Robin Hood? Sometimes you just take the oddest leap. Hey,Pritch. Cheerio,mate. "Hello" is fine. On behalf of Her Majesty, the Queen of England, I dub you Sir Seeley Booth... Knight of the Realm. "Official Junior Knight." Hey,look at that. Wait a second. That's from a toy store. Doesn't mean you're not Sir Galahad. Thanks. I'm sorry about Ian. Me,too. It was a real honor working with you both. Same here. If you need a lift to the airport... Bones-- she got us a limo. Of course. But if you're ever in the colonies... That would be lovely. She likes you. No. Yes. And she's very sexual. Enough with this... Stop. I'm gonna miss this place. * The birds begin to sing the song of love... * This is definitely not a diner. * And make their happy sound... * Come on. Yeah. We should go before someone else gets killed. Yeah,you're right. Here we go. My arm? Thank you. Thank you,Sir Seeley. Yes. Pleasure,Lady Temperance. You sound Australian. That didn't sound Australian.