is an M203 40-millimeter canister launcher. What's it for? - Cadet Williams. - Tear gas. That's right. That... is a meth lab, our boys took it three days ago. - How do you think they did that? - Tear gas. Wrong! And that is why we are here. I'm gonna demonstrate for you why we don't fire tear gas into a meth lab. We're gonna need a... a fire extinguisher. Then... maybe some sort of trauma counselor. Hey, I'm sorry I'm late. Well, according to Sweets, chronic lateness is a way of asserting control. - That's right. - So, you believe that? No, I figured there was traffic or something kept you at work. Exactly: work... work, Bones. Okay, I was putting the final touches on a case that's about to propel me into FBI legendary status. Ah, the big RICO case that... I'm not supposed to know anything about. - Why don't I know about this case? - Bones, it's top secret. But you told Dr. Brennan. She's my partner, OK? Indictments any minute, followed by a pay raise, possible parade and most definitely my face on a coin. - Just in time for your birthday. - Which I will be spending in... Hawaii. Look at that. - Shark adventures. - Sharks. Oh, I really wish that you wouldn't... answer your phone. Jared? Oh, God, give me that. - That's his brother. - Booth has a brother? Sounds good. I'll see you then. Don't feel bad. I've never met him, either. At least you knew he existed. Okay, that's enough for today, because obviously you have to go look at some horribly dismembered... human remains. Any idea how the body got in there? I guess anyone could have done it anytime in the last three days. Male, 45 to 50 years old. Where the rest of the remains are? One leg is over there, the other's over there, and the arm is over there. - Did I kill this man? - No. Okay. This man was shot in the chest. Would you be at all upset if I had a little cry? Yeah, take your time. What's that there on the inside of his pocket? This man was obviously some kind of technical designer or engineer. Squint? One of your own. Bones - Season 04 Episode 09 "The Con Man in the Meth Lab " TS: ydy.com Synchro: ShalimarFox, IceFreak Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- So,these are from the notebook found in our victim's windbreaker? Blueprints, schematics, sketches. Automatic toilet scrubber. It's like those little vacuum cleaners that move around on their own. Things in a toilet bowl should not move. Look at this. This is a... a snow shovel with an attached heating device. Our victim was an inventor. Clark, hey. Oh, God,here we go. Really, you came back? You said you didn't want to work with us anymore. No, I said my preferred working style tends towards the professional. See my tie? That's an indicator. So why'd you come back then? Because this is the finest forensics facility in the world. You want to fight MiGs, you fly MiG Alley, right? A Korean War reference? You do know that we have a brand-new war, right? It's... been in the news. Hey, I got a form letter here from the patent office. Good work. Aren't you the least bit curious about Hodgins and I are back together or not? And... not work. Am I the only one that can tell the difference here? - Is there a name on that letter? - No. There's a patent application number. We can find out who filed it. Coleoptera just started feeding on the Diptera larva, meaning our victim died about three days ago. Thank you. Aren't you impressed that Angela and I can still work together so well? There's no obvious exit wound. That suggests a.22- or.25-caliber. I'll keep my eyes open. Multiple points of possible antemortem in-bending with concomitant fracture. These abrasions are patterned. Repeated blows with a perforated surface? Camille? Jarhead. It's really you. Jarheads are Marines. I'm a lieutenant commander in the Navy. Not an acceptable mistake. He's getting so big. Soon he'll be wanting a later curfew and a car of his own. Jared, this here is my partner, Dr. Temperance Brennan. That back there is a squint. This is my little brother. - Bones. - Dr. Brennan. Oh, it is nice to meet you, Jarhead. I can see the family resemblance. Your facial structure is even more symmetrical than Booth's. - Is she coming on to me? - No, that's just the way she talks. Right. So, the Pentagon? You're looking at the new head of Strategic Plans and Policy. Basically, he runs the place. So, Cam, Jared has a favor he'd like to ask. - I can ask my own favors, Seeley. - Okay, go ahead. There's a cocktail party tonight. I'm in need of a beautiful woman on my arm, preferably a very smart one. - I'm quite intelligent. - No. Not that you're not intelligent. I mean, you are intelligent. I would be delighted. I got a hit on the patent application. It was filed by somebody named Paul Stegman. I've got an address there... There's more than one Booth? I'm Angela. Montenegro. Jared Booth. Okay, Jared, Bones and I have to work on a case, so... Yeah, no problem, I will grab a cab and get settled into my new place. Okay. It was very nice to meet you all. And Cam, I will pick you up at your place, say, 7:00. Sounds good. Are you thinking of leaving lesbianism behind? I prefer not to be labeled, okay? Well, since you were last here, Angela ran into her ex-girlfriend, who is now her ex-ex-girlfriend. Well, the only "ex" I care about are X-rays. - Right. - Apologize for the pun. Yeah... don't give up your day job, kid. Okay, Bones, what do you say we go solve a murder? Come on. The remains are those of a man in his 50s. Bearded. 5'10", approximately 195 pounds. That matches the description of my father. Was the victim wearing a blue windbreaker with yellow piping? Yeah, that... that's my windbreaker. He borrowed it, Paul. One of your notebooks must have been in the pocket. - When was the last time you saw him? - Three days ago. Was he drunk? - He used to go on binges. - Honey. How often did your father go on these drinking binges? - We don't really know. - Jim had just come back into our lives. He said he quit drinking. He walked out on me and my mom when I was a kid. His father wrapped his car around a tree drunk driving. - Paul was injured, and so was his mom. - He broke both his legs. As soon as he got crutches, he was gone. How did he find you? There was an article about me in this magazine. Dad read it, called me, said he had cleaned up his act, wanted to reconnect, so we invited him to stay with us. Did your father have any run-ins recently? Was my father murdered? We think it may be foul play, yes. Mrs. Stegman? The day before your father disappeared, I came home from school... I teach fifth grade. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I saw Mike leaving the house. He looked upset. - Who's Mike? - Mike Campbell. We used to be business partners. We're still friends. Your dad said he caught Mike taking something from your workshop. Yeah, we loan each other tools all the time. I mean, I bet Dad just didn't understand that. Well, I'm gonna need Mike's number. So is it true that you borrowed his tools? What? I didn't borrow anything. Well, then, Mr. Campbell, what were you doing at the Stegman house? - I went to confront his dad. - About what? When I get stuck on one of my projects, I like to do a little off-track betting. Making predictions based on statistical models clears my head. - Makes complete sense. - Yeah... So, that day, I go in, and there's Paul's dad. He's placing bets and taking hits off of a flask. Indicating that hadn't really stopped drinking. I confronted him, then the old geezer slammed me against a walland told me to mind my own business. - So, then, you left? - That's right. Look, then he disappeared, so I figured, why should I spoil Paul's last memories of his old man? Your inventions are much more industrial than Paul Stegman's. Yeah, that's why we stopped being partners. Paul's more into toys and gadgets. Oh, that is part of a pressurized industrial sieve. Its application's in the sewage industry. This grating could have caused the damage to Jim's face. - Did you catch the murderer? - We subpoenaed a possible murder weapon. Not a bad day's work. More important than catching a murderer, I'm dateless tonight. What happened to Cam? Oddly, I think it's more important to catch this murderer. I'm working. - So, who else you got for me, Seeley? - What am I? Your pimp? - Don't think I'm not appreciative. - Clark has everything - under control so I could go. - What? Really? Thank you. - No. - Wha... what... what, wait. This... is Bones, right? Not some ugly FBI woman with a moustache. - I don't have a moustache, Jared. - Seeley, would you mind? No. Why would I mind? It's all right. Which means this is a great time to hang up. What did you find? It's what I didn't find that's interesting. - You have got to be kidding me. - What? Oh, nothing. Nothing, nothing, Dr. Brennan. I just, didn't know that you were so... The murder victim was supposed to be a long-term heavy drinker, yet, his bones show no signs of alcoholic osteoporosis. There's no damage to the cancellous structure of the long bones either. Furthermore, he was supposed to have broken his legs in a car accident approximately 25 years ago. There's no signs of remodeling. No. These legs were never broken. We misidentified the victim. He is not Paul Stegman's father. Thank you, General. Appreciate it. Will you gentlemen excuse me for one second? - Champagne? - Thank you. Don't tell me you're sorry you came. No, not at all. It is not often that I get to observe people this powerful in a relaxed situation. Don't be fooled. It's a school of piranhas in here. You're good at this. They listen to you when you speak. You want to know the secret? You have an incredibly beautiful, incredibly intelligent scientist, slash-novelist sitting alone waiting for you to bring her a drink. That is too corny. Definitely. I was thinking how Booth would be bored at a function like this. This kind of event would make Seeley very nervous. I don't mean he's incapable. My brother's very, very capable. It's just... it's like Seeley's afraid of success. He stays in his comfort zone. It drove our dad nuts. - Really? - That's what made him a good sniper. He doesn't like to be visible above the ridge line, so he keeps his head low. Instinct. Me, on the other hand, well, I cannot help but run that ridge. Can you give me an example? I bet you Seeley never took that risk. Nope. - To a good night? - Yes. So far. I found a match for our victim's DNA on the felony database. Have you seen Bones yet this morning? No, I think she and Jared had a late night. Open the attachment I just sent you. Okay, Anthony Pongetti. Multiple fraud convictions. That's our victim. Right, so... Pongetti pretends to be Stegman. Why? Reads that article on the inventor and figures there's something to cash in on? You know, Bones never gets in this late. You're the one who said you didn't mind them going out together. Bye. Special Agent Booth. Wow, look at that: a full colonel from State Police. Ryan Wolchuck. Mind if I sit? No, please, have a seat. If this is about the RICO investigations, I've been keeping you guys in the loop, just like I promised. I'm here about the meth lab body. Okay. It's extremely embarrassing for the state police that this homicide victim was blown up during a training exercise. And the superintendent, the governor, various movers and shakers would look kindly on it if you... Well, if you simply neglected to give that small detail to the press. And if the press digs up that the bodies were burned and blown into several pieces, that makes the FBI look sneaky. Well, the FBI is sneaky. Right. Not today, sir. Careers are made when men of good intent help each other. I'll tell you what: why don't we just tell the truth and take our lumps when we have to. No signs of remodeling. Did you just get in? I haven't been to sleep. Can I offer you a little insight into Booth's little brother? Oh, God, why am I always standing precisely in the wrong place? I didn't have sex with him, Cam. - Didn't have sex with who? - Jared Booth. Good! - Why good? - Because... because... Because he's Booth's little brother and it would just be a creepy way to have sex with a Booth without having sex with the real Booth. Kudos, Angela. I would not have had the guts to say that out loud. No, Jared is a real Booth. Jared's Booth Lite. Booth is the real Booth. Well, what if Booth is Booth Lite? Angela found the real Jim Stegman. Where? Here. In the Jeffersonian cold storage. Only, he's known as John Doe 100803. Looks like a drowning victim. Only if he drowned after being shot in the heart. - How did you find him? - The real Jim Stegman has DNA on file stemming from an assault charge 12 years ago. I ran a search, and this popped up. He's been a John Doe right here in the Jeffersonian since last week. Washed up at Anacostia Naval Station. Last known address: Bowie, Maryland. Well, this is Jim Stegman's place. Landlord says nobody's been in here since he went missing. This guy has gone missing twice and nobody reports it. You say Jim ended up shot and dumped in the river? That's right. Shot and dumped. Old Jim did not deserve that ending. What, with quit drinking and quit betting. Well, it looks like he fell off the, gambling bandwagon. No sign of booze anywhere. Here. - Booth. - Yeah? One of these is made out to Anthony Pongetti. Pongetti? That old boy is another whole other earful of wax. - Bad egg? - Black-hearted son of a bitch, yeah. Had him in custody, two months ago. - For what? - Running a bogus roof repair company. He'd give an estimate, and take a deposit, then skedaddle. Mind I ask what's going on here in my own town? Yeah, the real Jim Stegman, he was shot, killed and dumped in the river a week ago. Pongetti shot and killed four days ago. After pretending to be Jim Stegman. Sounds like maybe Pongetti killed Jim and then committed, whatch a macallit, identity theft. I'm in trouble. Jared Yeah, thanks. Bones, you know what? I gotta get you back to the lab, okay? Thanks, Sheriff. Paul Stegman had 66 inventions in his notebook and this one was marked with a star. All it needed was a little more torque. Yeah, well, if the gears can handle it. Clark, I was wondering if you had a chance to look at the... Is this one of Stegman's inventions? Yeah. It's a garbage sorter. And thanks to Clark, it works. I only indulged in this, diversion after he asked for help. I wasn't wasting time. I came in for the... The grating you got from Mike Campbell was not the weapon used to strike Anthony Pongetti in the face. The zygomatic bones were fractured. This screen, while it resembles stainless steel, is actually a rather malleable magnesium alloy. So, for it to cause that much damage... Yes, it would have been bent from the impact. Yes. So, what we're looking for is something heavier. Jared Booth, US Navy, Lieutenant Commander, over. Copy, notify. We'll stand by for transport. You all right? I fell asleep at the wheel, but I'm okay. Yeah, fell asleep. Local trooper here says he knows you. Agent Booth. Colonel Wolchuck. Is that what we're going with here? He fell asleep at the wheel? I'm sure you'll agree it's best just to tell the truth, take our lumps when we have to. They get me for DUI, I lose my job, Seeley. - I mean, I lose my whole career. - Shut up. Shut up. Please. - Can I talk to you for a second? - Yeah. The first body you found wasn't my father, but the second was? So, the man we actually met, the one who said he was Paul's father... Was not. That's correct. This Pongetti guy, did he kill my father? - We don't know that yet. - Were we in danger? - Well, Anthony Pongetti was... - He was harmless. He was a con man. That's all. Did Pongetti leave anything behind? Luggage or papers? He left a duffle bag in the coat closet over there. Let's check it out. What did this man want from us? We think it's possible that he wanted to... profit off of your inventions. He'd be the first one that ever did then. Don't do that to yourself. Look at this thing. Man, what is this thing, a robot? That's a battery-operated electrostatic dust trap. I gave up on it months ago. Uh, it's... hold on. That's not supposed to be in there. Oh, what is that? Oh, my God. 20 grand, give or take. Do we get to keep that? - He wasn't even really your father. - So what? That is the best motive we've seen yet for murder yet. Right there. My name is Colonel Ryan Wolchuck of the State Police Bureau of Criminal Investigations. I have the great pleasure of announcing today that the grand jury has handed down 62 indictments following the State Police crackdown on organized crime. This victory is the result of a six-month RICO investigation by our department. The State Police would like to acknowledge the very fine support work of several FBI field officers... Yeah, support. Hey, Cam, what's up? What's so urgent? Your people found a fingerprint on the bag of money. I know. W-We don't have an ID. What... why is that so urgent? What's going on? What happened? I watch TV. State Police getting all the glory for that big RICO case? - What the hell? - Relax Okay, it's political. It came down way far above my head. Right? Don't you lie to me, big man. I'm your friend. I know where this came from, and it wasn't from on high. Cam, let this one slip by. You must be Agent Booth's brother. Yeah, I'm Jared. You FBI? FBI. Uh, yeah, yeah. Lance Sweets. Nice to meet you. Capitals? Yeah, I know Seeley's a Flyers man, but, hey, when in Rome, right? Please. Yeah, I still haven't gotten him anything for his birthday. Oh, my brother doesn't like birthday presents. Anyways, these are more like a "thank you." Or an apology. You know what it's like with brothers, right? No. Only child. Well, having a big brother is like having an extra dad, only a dad who protects you from your real dad. And always thinks of you as a kid. I have the same problem with Booth. There is nothing worse than somebody who always thinks they're right and then they're right. - Right? - Yeah. It's a pleasure, Agent Sweets. Doctor, not Agent. Jim Stegman was shot four times. I postulate that each gunshot was both precise and deliberate and did not occur in a rapid-fire succession. There's no way to tell that from the bones. Not from the bones. Close-range injuries. Middle of the foot, middle of the knee, middle of the shoulder, dead center on the heart. Small-caliber weapon. You believe this was done on purpose. Yes. Torture. Someone was trying to get information from this man. Pure conjecture, Dr. Edison. But it has logical integrity. So, three years ago, Stegman and Pongetti, they were arrested. - They were working some scam together. - We already knew they were accomplices. There was a third guy involved. They ratted him out. - He went to jail for five years. - Five-year sentence, three years with parole. Is the stool out? Is the stool out? No, you mean "stoolie," and the third guy wasn't the stoolie. Stegman and Pongetti were, okay? You go in there, I'll be in here. Steve Jackson. What the hell are you wearing? I'm on parole. They won't let me work on Wall Street. Of course, I'd make less there. - What's this about? - Stegman and Pongetti. Parole officer already told me to stay away from 'em. But you didn't stay away from them. Did you, Steve? - Fine. I met with Stegman. - Why? He was making amends, apologizing, in the program. One small parole violation and the FBI gets involved? Stegman and Pongetti are both dead. - You got to be kidding. - Shot. It's okay, you can take a moment to rejoice in the death of your enemies. Go ahead. Pongetti's dead, good. I'm glad. Stegman... he was okay. He ratted you out. Pongetti ratted me out. Stegman backed him is all. I don't begrudge. I got an alibi anyway. I didn't tell you when they died. Tracking device. Somebody somewhere knows where I am 24 hours a day since I got out for the next two years. - Do you think he did it? - No, we'll check his whereabouts, but, you know, I don't think so. Nice hat, huh? Come on. I'll take you back to the lab. What happened with your RICO bust? Nothing. Why? - Have you been talking to Cam? - No. Did you do something wrong? What do you mean? You didn't get the credit you deserve. - What'd you do? - Life's not always about credit. That's not what you said before. You said life was all about credit and you were going to Hawaii and they were gonna put you on a coin. Let's just forget about it. Okay, Bones? Forget about it. Jared warned me that you tend to sabotage yourself. Jared said that? He said that you're afraid of success. So basically I'm a loser. No, he never said the word "loser." Do you think I'm a loser like that guy in there... some clown in some dumb-ass uniform who basically can't do any better? Is that what you think? Anthropologically, males tend to rank themselves into a hierarchy. There's no shame in not being at the top of the hierarchy. You're not answering the question, Bones. Answer my question. Booth. Your forensic techs got an ID for the fingerprint on the money bag. Is it Stegman or Pongetti? Stegman, but not the one you're thinking of. The son? Nope, the wife. The fingerprint belongs to Lily Stegman. Thanks. The fingerprints belong to Lily Stegman. We know that because she works with kids. She acted like she'd never seen that money before. Well, she was lying. Bones, let's just go and do our work. I thought he was Paul's father. I would never hurt him. We found your fingerprints on the money. Can you explain that? I'm ashamed. Well, whatever you're ashamed of, believe me, murder is worse. The day after Jim... The man we thought was Jim... The day after he disappeared, a package arrived for him. When he didn't come back, I started to think he meant for us to open it. That doesn't make any sense. No, I understand. He's gone, it's sitting there. Maybe he meant for you to have it. Yes. Plus... you have a family to take care of. We do whatever we can for family. I opened it, it was full of cash. And... A note. "Jim, do me a big favor. "Hold on to this until I can get it back from you. Help yourself to whatever you need, P." "P"... Pongetti. I know I should have called the police, and... when you came I should have told you, but by then... You needed the money, and in a way, you felt like you earned it for taking that old man in. Family. My teaching salary barely pays the bills, and we're trying to have another child. So you were the one that hid the money in the dust trap thing? Yes. - What does your husband know? - Nothing, I promise. She could just be protecting him. I am, by not letting him know about the money you found... or the... rest of it. - The rest of it? - There's more? Yes, I put it into our safety deposit box. Okay, how much? $150000... So I figure what happened is that Pongetti got his cash in some, you know, illegal way, maybe in a way that could get him killed. Stegman... He's about to go visit his son. So Pongetti sends the cash to his friend for safety. Then Stegman gets killed, so to go get that cash, Pongetti decides to pretend to be Stegman. People make stupid, irrational decisions. Brennan. They act from the heart sometimes, Bones. It's not a crime. Okay, I'll be right there. Cam needs me. Hello. Dr. Brennan. I don't want you to think this is an intervention. I don't know what that means. An intervention is when a group of loved ones bands together to help one of their own make a difficult decision. Oh, then, then it is an intervention. Are you my loved ones? I was... troubled by a conversation I had with Jared Booth. Sweets came to me with some theories about Booth's family life, and he pretty much nailed it. - Nailed what? - Sit down. Booth and Jared are children of a physically abusive, alcoholic father. Booth's been digging Jared out of trouble since they were kids. Jared always comes up smelling like a rose and Booth takes the hit. He's denying his brother the opportunity to take responsibility and learn from his own mistakes. You have no evidence of that. I've known the Booth boys for 15 years. Now, i-it's natural to be protective of a younger sibling. Of course, Jared is a grown man... an intelligent, talented, capable adult. - I like him very much. - Yeah, well, cut it out. Booth shouldn't be threatened by the fact that his brother is more successful. I am absolutely certain that however it is Booth lost all the credit for that RICO bust, it's because of Jared. We're all scientists here, right? Not you. - What is your evidence? - How about this? The last time I told Booth what I thought of Jared, he didn't speak to me for six months. That is an anecdote. We're saying maybe Booth deserves the benefit of the doubt here until all the evidence is in. Evidence. I am comfortable with evidence. Okay, here's some evidence. The bullets that killed both Stegman and Pongetti were fired from the same gun. Which suggests they were killed by the same person. Thank you. Should I tell Booth? No, I'll do it. Thanks for coming, Jared. When a beautiful woman asks me out for lunch... Something wrong? I need to know the truth. I've heard that about you. Do you know anything about Booth losing credit on the RICO case? No. What? I mean, that's the first I've heard of it. People are telling me that somehow all the credit went to the state police because of you. Is that possible? So it is possible. What did he say to you? Nothing. I think this is something between brothers. No offense. - Tempe. - You took advantage of him. You know, you made me think that he's a loser! And what really makes me angry is that I believed you. I wouldn't blame Booth if he never spoke to me again. You're the loser! You all right? Why didn't you pick up? Were you in the bathroom or something? - To be honest, I was discussing... - Okay. Never mind. Just never mind, all right? Agents recovered the rest of the cash from Lily Stegman's safety deposit box, all right? The bills were bundled with evidence bands. What does that mean? The money is from the county sheriff's headquarters in Bowie. - It was confiscated during a drug bust. - Oh, so drug money? It was scheduled for transfer to the Federal Reserve two weeks ago. A driver from the reserve shows up. He flashes his credentials, drives off with the dough. Forty minutes later, the real driver shows up. Oh, so the fake one was Pongetti? But it had to be. Right? I mean, jeez, he got away with over 200 grand. But he was in custody there. How come no one recognized him? What? It's a logical question. No, you know what? You are a genius. - Hold on for a second. - Why am I a genius? "Why?" Because I let that big sheriff know that we found $20,000 in Stegman's house. Why is that bad? Because if he was in it with Pongetti, then he thinks he knows where the rest of the money is. Thinks. We turned everything over to the FBI. All the money, everything the guy touched. Well, it's probably just a breakdown in jurisdictional communication. I'll check with the FBI. Why don't you check with me right now? Better yet, why don't you just come with us now? The grating is what hit Pongetti in the face. Old school, huh? Perp was handcuffed to the back. You sped up, slammed on the breaks. Slam, sped, slam, sped... - He couldn't protect his face. - No! Stop! Let her go! Mr. Stegman, take your little boy inside! Do it, honey, please. Now, this is what's going to happen. You're going to get in your vehicle and drive away. I'm gonna do the same thing, everybody lives and everybody's happy. Well, that sounds like a good idea. No, not a good idea. You drive off with the evidence? Not going to happen. Paul! Oh, God! Agent Booth, you are by far the worst hostage negotiator I have ever run into. Don't you know you're supposed to talk? Disorient, distract the perpetrator? - Booth? - Not now, Bones. - You want me to try to shoot him? - No. Why? I'm a good shot. - You are not a good shot. - Well, you are. You know, maybe if we switched weapons, you could hit him right between the eyes. Bones, are you okay? I'm okay. Lily! I'm okay. - Are you okay? - I'm okay. I would like to propose a toast to my partner, Seeley Booth. To Booth. I know who he is, but I forget sometimes because... because he never shines a light on himself. He shines it on other people. Yeah, right after I conk them on the head with it. Anthropology teaches us that the alpha male is the man wearing the crown, displaying the most colorful plumage and the shiniest baubles. He stands out from the others. But I now think that anthropology may have it wrong. In working with Booth, I've come to realize that the quiet man, the invisible man... the man who is always there for friends and family... that's the real alpha male. And I promise that my eyes will never be caught by those... shiny baubles again. Happy birthday, Booth. Happy birthday. Thanks, Bones. Thank you. Oh, Bones, all right, what are we doing? - Come here. - What? Just come here for a second. What you're doing for your brother isn't fair. Come on, Bones. Don't get me mad at you after that great speech. All right, not after I got you shot. You didn't get me shot. I got me shot. You know what, I don't want to talk about my brother. Would you prefer Sweets do it? I'm listening. I forgot all the psychological stuff, but basically... when you rescue somebody all the time, if you keep - getting them out on bail... - Bail them out, Bones. If you bail them out. You're thwarting their ability to help themselves. Now you're angry. Come on, you have to admit, getting a psychology lesson from you is like Getting an anthropology lesson from you? The RICO case... I traded my one shot at glory to keep my brother from being arrested. For drunk driving. You know, what if he does it again? What if he kills someone next time? You shouldn't have done that. Right, says the woman who got her father off murder charges. Face it. We do things for family. You're right. You're totally right. No, I'm not. What? Why? There's no risk that your father will kill again. Jared? You, uh, bringing me out here to give me advice on your partner because I think that ship has sailed? No, no, it's, uh... What I gotta do here, I... I gotta stop. Do you understand? - "Stop"? - Yeah. And you should stop, too. I gotta stop what? The drinking. Stop it. I'll take that under advisement. Seriously, Jared. No more stepping in to make things go away. I carry my own water, Seeley. Now, you should go back inside and enjoy your birthday party. Right. - Cheers. - Yeah. Happy birthday to me. You going to come back in for cake? Bones, I just need some time, that's all. Do you need time and space? Just some time.