We still got time. - What is the matter with you? - I gotta take a leak. Go. It's not my fault they make those GargantuGulps so gargantuous. Doesn't seem to bother me any, micro-bladder. - Karen! - What? Are you sure I'm the only guy you've ever had sex with? Why? Oh, my God! Karen! Karen! As I've told you many times, Dr. Sweets, I do feel remorse. But not for stabbing a man in the heart. No. For succumbing to the faulty logic that persuaded me that his death was desirable. You know, a sane person would regret murdering someone more than being taken in by a line of crap. - Define "crap." - Drivel. Blarney. Nonsense. Balderdash. Twaddle. Bull. Bunkum. Hooey. Like that. Now I realize it was drivel-blarney-nonsense balderdash-twaddle bull-bunkum-hooey. Then I perceived it as logic. How are your hands? I estimate that I've regained almost 60% full function, which is not bad for hands that were torn apart by an explosion. You know, you'll only be released from this psychiatric institution if we cure you of your delusions. My card isn't working. Hello. I was wrong, not delusional. Your card must have expired, Dr. Sweets. Thank you. Perhaps you should consider that your delusion is that you're not delusional. - How many pieces in total? - Twelve. - Interesting anomaly: no head. - No head? That's odd. Which is why I said anomaly. No need to be snippy with my partner, pal. It's all right. - What's wrong with your back? - Nothing. You're walking as though you strained your intertransverse ligament. - I can help you with that. - No. I never should've gone down that small slide with Parker. I'll be fine. The body parts were found in this evaporation pool. Look at that. It's purple. Kid said it turned purple when he peed in it. For future reference, this is more of an anomaly than a missing head. - Sad comment on your life, Doc. - Again. Snippy. You know, if my back wasn't bad, I would hit you. I can take care of myself. Size of the limbs suggest that our victim is a fully-grown male. What is with the purple water? - Hodgins can analyze it. - Cell phone. Don't tell me. You want the entire purple pond drained and shipped back to the Jeffersonian. No. I think a small sample will do. - Great. - Although... Skulls are heavy. The head could have sunk to the bottom. - You're correct, We should drain it. - We're draining it. Let's drain it. Bones - Season 04 Episode 05 "The Perfect Pieces In The Purple Pond" Synchro: ShalimarFox, IceFreak Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- The ends of his fingers look burned. Torture? Sometimes, guys try to conceal their identity by losing their fingerprints. Mr. Bray is my brightest scholarship student. These are children's shoes, but they're a size 11. So you think our victim was a giant toddler? No. That would show up in the bones. Sarcasm does not play well on the forensic platform. I tracked down the manufacturer in Sri Lanka, and guess what? Special order. Time of death, based on decomp, between two and four days. All the cuts to the skeleton are clean except for several incomplete slices to the C-2 vertebra. It comes to cutting off the head, the killer hesitates. Makes sense. Gets easier after the first chop. - What do you glean from the X rays? - Slight spinal curvature, hypermobile extension joints, cartilage deficiency. Ehlers-Danlos syndrome? We'll have the FBI check with local orthopedic physicians. The water turned purple because of the bottom growing algae called Lemanea. Something agitated the algae, so it turned purple. The young man who found the body urinated in the pool. Well, average rate of flow for males under 45 is, what? It's 21 milliliters per second, so, yeah, that would be enough to disrupt the algae. Dr. Hodgins, have you moved yet? Nope. If you hand me those shoes, I can check for particulates. Where is Hodgins moving? Cam thinks that Hodgins should move into Zack's Ookey room. Cam's right. I tell all of my grad students not to be distracted by the standards set by Zack. I don't know who that is. You and me, Wendell, we need to talk. If your back doesn't hurt, why are you letting me drive? You know what? Don't get used to it, okay? I heal really, really fast. My guys, they didn't find the victim's head in the pool, right? But I put out a bulletin to orthopedic doctors within 200 miles of the body drop. Body parts drop. The victim was killed, chopped up, and then dropped. - Breaking in a new intern, aren't you? - How did you know? `Cause, you know, you always get overly precise. That's how I usually know. So, you want me to talk to him? Break him in a little bit? No, Booth, you don't need to fix everything for everyone all the time, - You know, I can handle myself. - Partners watch out for each other. If that were true, you'd let me fix your back. My back is fine. All I need is an aspirin, a hot bath, and maybe a nice single malt Scotch. We cross-referenced Ellen-Danny syndrome... Ehlers-Danlos. with those kiddy shoes Ange tracked down. Okay. We came up with this guy right here. Jared Addison. - 25 years old. - Watch the road! - I'm watching the road! - 25 years old. - I'm an excellent driver. - I'm guessing that that's our victim. My son was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos in his teens. Are you sure it's Jared? Do you recognize these shoes? Jared ordered them specially. This distinct footwear, in combination with Ehlers-Danlos and other markers indicate that the remains we found belong to your son. We're very sorry for your loss. If you need a moment... It would be helpful if we could see your son's room. You can see why I recognized the shoes. Mrs. Addison, your son died days ago. Why didn't you report him missing? I had no idea Jared was missing. He lives here with you, right? Jared was a novelist. He was finishing a book. He checked into a hotel so I wouldn't bother him. I had no idea anything was wrong. Your son was Jared Addison the cult science fiction novelist? On the back here, it says that he lived in the Caribbean on a boat. No. That's not your son. Obviously, the publisher hired an impersonator, and came up with some romantic cover story. How did you know that? My publisher wanted to do the same thing with me. Jared's publisher dropped him after his second book. Jared was feeling a lot of pressure to make this one great, maybe try to get him back. Ms. Addison. With your permission, I'd like to bring someone in here to take a look over your son's room. You know, an expert. What kind of expert? You know, Bones. An expert. I found coffee grounds and sea kelp in the treads of the vic's shoes. So, before the giant toddler was killed, he was brewing coffee on the seashore? Yes. That's it precisely. Case closed. Also, I found a tiny fly egg, smaller than any of the eggs of any of the flies common to where we found the body parts. - Where is this fly egg from? - In order to answer that, I have to hatch it. Seriously? I'm an entomologist. I have to hatch this insect egg in order to identify an important piece of evidence in a murder investigation. Where... Where's the funny in that? I know you're upset about breaking up with Angela, Dr. Hodgins. And I know you're upset about losing Zack. But, despite your personal problems, this is a workplace, and your attitude leaves a lot to be desired. Fine. If you want to make a change, you make a change. Otherwise, you let me do my job and hatch this egg. These action figurines, they're awesome. - Still living at home, there, Sweets? - No. I have my own place. And, before that, I lived with a woman, all right? - Was that woman your mother? - Yeah. Your mommy? No. She most definitely was not my mother. If our victim is 25 years old, I'd assume he was mentally slow. Given the complexity of his novels, I'd estimate his IQ to be higher than yours. Then Booth is right. Something else is wrong. Full speed ahead, Sweets. Let me have it. Come on. It goes without saying. Everything is perfectly aligned. - Obsessive compulsive. - How does this help us? People with OCD repeat patterns in their lives in order to stave off psychological panic. Now, if we ask which of Jared Addison's set patterns have recently been disrupted, we may very well discover what got him killed. We can't ask Jared Addison. He's dead. She is wicked literal? Hey, it's her process. Don't be mean to her. I'm not defending, I'm just explaing. - I can defend... You were defending. - I was explaining. This is an interesting development in your interpersonal behaviors. No. What's more interesting is that Booth's back hurts, - and he won't let me fix it. - No. None of this is interesting Look, I just want to know what kind of mojo disrupted crazy boy's pattern? My first guess? At his age? - Sex. - Sex? "Crazy boy" is offensive, by the way. His mother didn't mention a girlfriend. What's wrong with him? Sweets, what are you doing? I'm putting myself in the mind of an obsessive compulsive in order to figure out where I might conceal a memory-enhancer or psychosexual proxy. Right. Right. What's that mean? - Masturbatory aid. - Oh. Check the shoes. - What? - Good. You're not going to find it in the shoes. Do all boys keep their masturbatory aids in their shoes, or is that particular to you? That's for me to know and you to find out. Ms. Kelly Sutton. There's a phone number, an e-mail address, and a list of sexual suggestions. What? You're surprised he has a girlfriend? No, I wouldn't actually call her a girl. I loved Jared. The age difference bothers you? Mrs. Addison said that Jared wasn't really all that interested in you. She said that I was pursuing Jared, didn't she? Fact is, Jared wanted to marry me. One study showed that in 45% of successful American marriages, the woman was at least five years older than her husband. Older women are sexually experienced and less inhibited. Younger men have a greater sex drive and they can keep up. I know quite a bit about older women. The woman I lived with was 26, so... Sorry. So, how did you meet? Well, I help out my son at his florist shop and nursery, and Jared came in to buy an orchid for his mother. He was full of anxiety. Probably about microbes, Booth. Afraid of germs? I picked out an orchid, and I took it out to his car, and he was very appreciative. And I thought he was just adorable. So I asked him out to dinner, and the rest is history. He fell in love with me, and I responded. Jared's mother thought he was at the hotel writing his book, but there's no record of him checking in. He was at the hotel, but for a conference. Right, with the science fiction writers. No, for behavior modification. If he was trying to overcome... His psychological issues, that might have threatened her. - With your support? - Of course. Look, I only wanted what was best for Jared. I'm not a crazy person. I look at the remains over and over and I can't find any cause of death. Without the head, we may never discover cause of death. And without cause of death, it's much less likely that we'll solve the crime. This fracture on the right metacarpal in the last two fingers has got a nickname: "the boxer's fracture." It happens if you slug someone without keeping your wrist dead straight, so... How did you know that? I fought Golden Gloves when I was a kid. You X-ray my hand, it don't look much different than this. I don't expect anyone to live up to Zack's standards, Mr. Bray, but that is extremely good work. Mr. Bray, have you ever conducted a sexual relationship with a woman over 20 years older than yourself? I ask because, anthropologically speaking, there's a correlation between physically aggressive young males and sexual precocity. I'm pretty sure you aren't any 20 years older than me, Dr. Brennan. Why would my age be relevant? Very good work on the boxer's fracture. What'd you bring me, Hodgins? Try and figure this one out. A lemma on its own is difficult to solve because the solution changes dependent upon whether or not the subsequent proposition is auxiliary or subsidiary. So, I got you beat, right? Yeah, that makes me king of the... That-That makes me king. We're gonna get you out of here someday, Zack, and you can be king again. I know you're lying to make me feel better and not to be malicious. Want to hear about the case we're working on now? Body in 12 pieces. And get this: no head. So, 13 pieces. The linear functional must be bounded before you apply Riesz representation. What? The characteristic polynomial of a differential operator is not the same thing as the characteristic polynomial of a matrix. - You solved it? - Yes. I'm king of the loony bin. Yeah, you are. Hey, I got an idea. I'm gonna leave the case file with you. It's got all the X rays so far, all the data. Maybe you'll find something we missed? I've done that many times in the past. Angela says you and she aren't together anymore. Yeah, you know. I'm sorry things are going badly for you. Why are you laughing? My best friend is locked up in a loony bin, wearing gloves because he blew up his own hands and he feels sorry for me. Mud is not dangerous, mud's not toxic, mud is not poisonous, mud will not hurt you. Now, you're gonna dip your hand in the bucket and you're gonna mix it around. Do it! Look at the hematoma left on his temporal. It's what you would call a "shiner." I know, Bones. Now take that mud, rub it on your arms, your legs, your stomach, your feet. Get it in there. Let's go, let's go. Come on, ladies. On the chest, it's not gonna hurt you. - Come on! - No. I can't do it. I can't. Who's in control Ralph, you or the OCD? Oh, God, oh, God. Do you want to be ordered around by a disorder? No, I want order, not disorder. I have been where you are, man. I have felt your fears. Now look at me now. You can do it, too. Ralph? Oh, got a runner. You think you want to follow Ralph? All of you? But you don't want to do that. You do not want to do that. I know because I'm one of ya. Excuse me. Maybe you'd like to follow me. I have few questions for you. I'm a professor of psychology at the University of Maryland. I received a grant to conduct trial research on methods of reforming OCD behavior. Was Jared Addison one of your students? I'm bound my patient confidentiality. I'm sure you understand. Jared was chopped into pieces and tossed away into an industrial pool. Yeah, that's not one of your therapy exercises now, is it? Oh, God. Yes. Yes, Jared was, was one of mine. He, I believe he was making progress despite severe mysophobia. - Mysophobia. Which is...? - The germ phobia. Right. He'd hold a flame under his fingertips after shaking hands. He literally burned the germs away. - When was the last time you saw Jared? - Thursday afternoon. He took off right after we completed the toilet exercise. - You mean, you went to the bathroom? - No, each participant is required to pick a mint out of the toilet and hold it on their tongue for ten seconds. Maybe Jared gave you that shiner after you made him suck on a toilet mint. We know he struck someone with his right hand. Yeah, just like this, right there. You see? Right there like that. I was punched by another participant who had an extreme reaction to the floor-licking exercise. Is it common for patients to attack you? It happens. There's a lot of stress involved, people break. Some people would see what you do as torture. Yeah, maybe when Jared let you down, you broke. Let me down? Jared was my star patient. It's a tragedy he died before he could fully enjoy his new freedoms. Excuse me. It's okay, Ralph. We'll try again tomorrow. I'm not here to apologize, Professor Amerian. I'm here to confess. I killed Jared. Can you please sterilize your handcuffs before taking me in? I just want to say for the record, that you're here of your own volition, and have declinedlegal representation. Why are you letting Sweets conduct this interrogation? Crazy guy, shrink, it's a no-brainer. Are we gonna let Sweets interrogate all of our insane suspects? Annoying, isn't it, Sweets? - Why did you kill him? - I didn't mean to kill him. The fact is, if I don't eat at exactly 8:14 a. m. according to this watch, the person nearest to me dies. Professor Amerian told me not to eat till 9:00 a. m. according to this watch. Jared was sitting next to me. And you believe that's what killed him? When you lock me up, I should either keep my watch or you should only put me next to terrible people who deserve to die. Did you, by any chance, dismember Jared after you killed him? No, I just killed him. No, we got to keep looking. If Jared was having breakfast with Ralph, how come he never showed up to that day's session? Where did Jared go after you had breakfast together? To the coffee bar in the lobby. Why? To get coffee. Hodgins found coffee grounds and sea kelp in the treads of Jared's shoes. What can I get you? A sample of your grounds. Just take 'em, Bones, it's garbage. You don't need a warrant. Garbage? What's going on? FBI. Special Agent Booth. Do you recognize this guy? What did he do, lodge a complaint? Because I never actually hit the guy. I pushed him in the chest with maybe two fingers. - A nudge. - Why'd you push him? The dude had me wash my hands with antibacterial soap before I started on his cappuccino. Then he had me redo it three times because the cup was dirty on the outside. Which it was not. Look at my cups. Pristine. So you pushed the dude for insulting your cups. No, all of these OC-DC people are the same. Complaing. Every day, I'm throwing out perfectly good coffee. I'm going bankrupt. He did it to me one too many times, and I cracked. Call it a crime of passion. - Was that the last time you saw him? - Nope. Guy came by here the other day and we made nice. Thursday, he apologized to me. He even shook my hands without putting on rubber gloves. He was like a different guy. Professor Amerian's methods were working. Oh, God, please keep that under your hat. That's all I need is for this place to become the coffee mecca for the phobics. Hey, Wendell. Come in. - What can I do for you? - You said come to you with questions. I owe people money. It's not technically a question, so there's not much for me to go on. What I gotta do is keep my nose clean, graduate top of my class, and get a good job so I can pay off that debt. You're worried about getting fired because you can't satisfy Dr. Brennan? Never mind. Wendell... Wendell, hold on. You never actually asked me a question. The guy, the psycho who helped the serial killer? Could you please not call Zack a psycho? Crazy as it sounds, we all still love him. He was Dr. Brennan's boy toy, right? What, boy toy, as in... sexual? No. Where did you get...? No. Absolutely not. Plus, the FBI guy. Again, no. Wrong. Then she hit on me. - I don't think so. - She looked me in the eyes and asked if I had experience with older women. It's like, if you wanta work around here - you gotta... - Wendell, stop. You need to look for some alternative explanation for what you think happened between you and Brennan. And if you can't think of anything, then you should just... assume you're hallucinating or insane because she absolutely didn't hit on you. I'm glad we talked. You get anything off the victim's cell phone? I was able to recreate a call list from the SIM. He only called one number. Once a day for 30 days at exactly the same time. Who is it? I called the number and recorded the answer: Forward-Retro Publishing. How may I direct your call? - Does that mean anything to you? - Yes. Forward-Retro is the publisher who dropped Jared Addison after his second book. The one who never wanted to talk to him again. The publishing game has changed. You know what I mean, Dr. Brennan. - No, I do not. - Try me, Mr. Tushman. Book-wise, it's no longer about good writing per se. It's about marketability. - Of the book. - Of the author. There's a reason why your photo takes up the entire back cover of your books. - Because I'm a very good writer. - You're serviceable. But your success is contingent upon your image as a hot scientist chick. - That's not true, is it? - No, of course not. Don't call my partner "a chick." What's the matter with you? Fine, got it. The point is I had to hire a guy to pretend to be Jerry, book tours, press the geek flesh at the nerd conventions. - This guy? - Yeah. C.D. Howe. The deal I had with C.D. was to let him write his own stuff. And you know what, it was good. He started selling. So I had to choose between Jared and C.D. So you had no contact with Jared Addison after firing him? - Absolutely none. - Yeah, that's a lie. He called you every day. Whoa, Bones. Ask him what happened to his tooth. That's assault. Are your hands clean? My partner wants to know what happened to your tooth. Jared Addison punched him. I admit to that cause and effect situation. Why'd he punch you? Probably because he said Jared was a bad writer. I didn't kill Jared. But you think I did because of a minor physical altercation. You know what? Explain yourself. Jared came into my office. And he told me he was cured of his OCD. He mentioned, um, toilet candy? He said he was willing to go out on the road, hustle the books however I wanted. I told him I wasn't interested, I heard it all before. And, uh, then he clocked me one. Didn't hurt. Then I told him that I would take on his book. Why did you change your mind after he hit you? So if I punched you, you'd read my manuscript? Jared hit me with his bare hand. The old Jared Addison would have never done that. - You believed he was cured. - Can you imagine... the sales I'd have gotten off of revealing the real Jared Addison? I'd have made a fortune. Dr. Hodgins? My egg from the victim's shoes is hatching. You need quiet for that? No, I just thought it might stop you from talking. Pushing it, Dr. Hodgins. How's about we say you found the line? This fly might tell us where Jared Addison was murdered. Oh, look, look, look, look. Hey, there, little buddy. This is a white fly. Only lives in very warm, humid climates. Jared Addison's old lady girlfriend used to work at a nursery. Hey, Dr. Saroyan... I'm not moving into Zack's space. I'm not being difficult. I just... I can't do it. I hope you understand. I understand. I thought you being the one who moved in there would be easiest for Zack. If he were a normal human, that might be true, but... Okay, here's the thing, this new guy, Wendell? - He might be nuts. - Hi, Angela. Pickle? He thinks Brennan hit on him. Why does he think that? He says she asked him if he was interested in having sex with an older woman. Which is impossible. Which I set him straight about in no uncertain terms, believe you me. I'm certain she did exactly that. I've known Brennan for years and there's no way, believe me that... Our murder victim was 28 years younger than his girlfriend. Dr. Brennan was probably looking for insights in her... clumsy yet endearing way. You might want to let Wendell know that you misjudged him... in no uncertain terms. Well, Wendell also says that he owes a lot of people a lot of money and that he really needs this job. - Like the mob or something. - Oh, no, no, no. Unless it's rampant paranoia, not my jurisdiction. But on the other thing, I'm solid. You know, the last time I listened to you, you broke up me and Hodgins. - No. - Yeah. Angela, that wasn't my fault. I think you know that. So what do we think here, huh? What do you think? This is definitely an environment conducive to the white fly. I'll start taking some samples. - Can I help you? - Yeah, FBI. Special Agent Seeley Booth, we have a warrant here to search the premises. Is this about Jared Addison's murder? No, don't touch that. There's tons of disgusting stuff and chemicals... Not here. Our fertilizer's 100% organic. - My own blend. - There you go. Now you're gonna get sick, your stomach's gonna go - upside down, it's gonna be a mess. - Coffee. - Coffee? - Sea kelp and coffee grounds. Jared Addison was here shortly before he died. Jared was my mom's boyfriend. Heavy emphasis on the "boy." Yeah, well, we heard this place kind of freaked him out. - All the germs. - Yeah, but he was here. I don't know if it was the dirt that made him squirm or the question, - but the kid toughed it out. - What question? He wanted my permission to marry Mom. What was your answer? I told him I thought it would be creepy to have a stepfather who was ten years younger than me. I told him he should forget about it and try to be normal. You told him no? I said no, he could not have my blessing. He's lucky I didn't conk him on the head and chop him up for fertilizer. But I didn't. White flies. I'll do some lab work, but they look to be the strain that I hatched at the lab. I'm sorry, did you just say you did conk him on the head? I said I didn't. Flies on the shovel. Oh. We know that flies are attracted to manure and blood. The flies are mostly on this shovel. It follows that there's something different about this one. Will that warrant let me test the shovel? Well, yeah, it's out in the open, so it's fine. I'm going to use phenolphthalein. It'll tell us if there's blood present on the shovel. What's pink mean? It means you caved in Jared Addison's skull. And/or removed his head. I'm going to have to ask you to close up shop and take you downtown. We have a few questions we'd like to ask you. Somebody as smart as you should know better. Oh, I don't smoke. I just... I don't smoke. So... you weren't totally wrong about Dr. Brennan. I can't risk having sex with my boss. Like I said, I got debts. No, no, not totally wrong, I said. When she asked you about your experiences with older women, her interest was anthropological. She was looking me in the eyes. She's direct... and awkward. Now, you've got two choices here: you either answer the question, like me or Zack, or you tell her she's being inappropriate, like Booth or Cam. Either way, she's not gonna hold it against you. - You're sure about this? - Yeah. Frankly, I'm more worried about the money owing thing. I can pay my debts. Yeah, but you can't work on legal cases if the wrong kind of people have leverage on you? Wrong kind of people? What's that supposed to mean? I'm trying to help, Wendell. If they're the wrong kind of people, then so am I. - Could you not yell? - My whole neighborhood ponied up to send me to school. They're working people. They make money with their hands. I need to pay them back. I... I... thought you owed the mob money. Like, we're working on a mob case and you owe the mob money. I don't owe the mob money. Yeah. See the problem? And I don't smoke. When I gotta think, I ask myself what my dad would've done. He smoked all the time. Holding a cigarette, it's stupid, okay, but it helps me get into his head. But he died of lung cancer. So I do not smoke. Wow, Wendell, once you start talking, it's... I don't get you people. I'd like to work here, but it's like a minefield... too many ways to step wrong. I admit it takes some getting used to. Good luck. It wasn't blood. On the shovel... It wasn't blood. Bones's magic juice didn't work. No. Phenolphthalein is not magic. It's an indicator that reacts with... Potato proteins. Potatoes? Phenolphthalein turns pink in the presence of potatoes. I locked a guy up because of potatoes? He might have done it. But we know that without the victim's head, we aren't likely to solve this murder. Maybe Wendell here missed something in the bones. - I didn't. - Don't blame Wendell. - He's doing very well. - I just wish Zack were here. You got to get over it... Zack's not coming back. I know where to find the victim's head. This is not good. How did you get out? You don't appear happy to see me. Oh, we're not. Well, I am. I... really am! I doubt he got a weekend pass. Zack, how'd you get out? Dr. Sweets helped me. Then I totally change my mind about Sweets. I now love him. Does Dr. Sweets know that he helped you? No. - You're hurting my arm. - Zack, you're with me and Bones. The rest play with your microscopes, whatever you do. - Let's go... Bone room, now, march. - Come on. Everything in the room is organized in sets of 12. A dozen shoes in the closet, a dozen action figures on the shelf, a dozen pencils in the pencil holder. Even books are grouped by the dozen. I should've noticed that. Sets of 12 must be a manifestation of Jared Addison's OCD. I did an analysis of his novels. There's no recurring sets of numbers, only recurring images of germs and fear of microbes. Okay, then what is with the number 12? They live at 12 Kindergarten Street. "Kindergarten" has 12 letters. "Alphanumeric" is also a 12-letter word, but I suspect that's just ironic. This side of him I don't miss at all. Books, CD's, everything... it's always 12. In the yard, everything comes in 12-- paving stones, plants, decorative rocks, gnomes... always 12. What? Jared Addison wouldn't have been gardening... He's germ-aphobic. Even his name, Jared Addison-- 12 letters. What? He didn't name himself, his mother did. His mother has OCD, too? That's the most reasonable conclusion. But the body was found in 12 pieces, not counting the head... Why? The incomplete saw marks on the C-2 vertebra were hesitation marks. She couldn't deal with the part of the body that was her child's face. You. You used me to escape? - How? - Your card. Sweets, one crime at a time. Murder first, okay? - Why'd she kill her son? - He was overcoming his disorder. Jared Addison was ready to take control of his professional life. He'd found love and was ready to leave her house. It wasn't just his patterns he was destroying, it was hers. And as a result, she suffered a psychotic break and murdered her own child. You know, I still have my card. I swapped out the magnetic strip with my loony-bin library card. Wait, that's why it didn't work? Zack, where is Jared's head? Everything comes in 12s. Everything except for... This. Zack was right. Of course he was. - As always. - Time to go. I should get back. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, come on, let's go. Come on. Easy. - What took so long? - Relax, Sweets, okay? - He's all yours. - Wait, I thought we'd do this together. Look, just walk him back through the front door, okay, don't look guilty, and if anyone asks, you took him for electroshock. All right? Don't escape again. You got it, Zack? Figure out who our killer is, you call me or Dr. Brennan. Not Sweets. All right? Wait. What if he... I don't know, what if he overpowers me or...? Zack? - I'm much stronger than I look. - He's done it before. He killed a man. Okay, Zack, promise you're not gonna kill Sweets. - I promise. - There you go. There you go! I got great seats to the Capitals. If we bump into anybody, let me do the talking. I haven't actually literally done it before, you know? Had sex? Ended someone's life. Why doesn't anyone ever believe I've had sex? You confessed to plunging a knife into a man's chest. No. I said I killed him, which I did. I told the Master where to find the man. But you didn't plunge a knife into the man's chest? It wasn't me. Zack, why did you confess? Iwould have done it-- if the Master had asked, I would have done it. You don't know that. People have no idea if they're capable of ending a life until they're put in that situation. In all of our sessions, I've had questions marks, because you, at heart, arenota killer. I got to... I got to tell Dr. Brennan and Booth. You can't tell them-- because I'm your patient, and you're not allowed, ethically. Zack, don't you want your friends to know that you didn't kill anyone? I'm still an accessory to murder. If you tell them, they'll take me out of here and put me in prison. Hodgins assures me I would not do well in prison. Okay, what about the person that actually did commit the murder? - He's still out there. - No. The Master killed him, so he could recruit me. There can only ever be two. You have to let me tell the truth. You can't tell anyone without my permission. We should go in. I don't want to get you into trouble. What are you doing? Throwing out my book. It's still on your hard drive, right? - Nope, not anymore it's not. - You erased it? Whoa! What? - Stop. - I don't want to be a writer anymore. Why, because of what that publisher said? He was an idiot... did you see his glasses? I don't wantto be a sexy scientist. Well, that's like me saying I don't want to be a sexy FBI agent. We can't change who we are. Oh, God, this is just... it's not good for the back. "Suspenseful and chilling." "Temperance Brennan leads the pack." "Anthropology has never been more exciting." You memorized my reviews? Angela can scan these and get 'em back on your computer. You know my reviews, Booth, but... do you read my books? Every single word. You never said anything. Well, I figure, you know, I'm all over your real world... why would you want me in your fantasy world, too? - I can appreciate that. - You see... how this works, huh? It's give and take, we're partners, huh? - Except you won't let me fix your back. - Oh, come on, my back is fine. Oh, really? How do I know that you're not gonna, like, paralyze me or make it worse? I also help you by explaing a lot of things to you. Yeah, well, you know, I explain... Well, my things are more important. Necessary pain. Yeah. Necessary... Ah. The way you really help me is... is help me be a guy. - I help you be a guy? - You know, it's a guy's thing to... fix things, to make 'em right. When I fix things, I feel like I am one with the universe. God! That is amazing... How'd you do that? See? We help each other... Quid pro quo. I know what that means, "quid pro quo." - Sure you do. - I know a lot of things. You didn't know what "mysophobia" meant. Well, you didn't know