- Why, are you going? - No, my accountant wants me to set up a tax shelter there. - Tax shelter? Exactly how loaded are you? Well, that is an offensive way to phrase a question. I'm quite loaded. I'm betting on... a seven-figure advance for my next book. Seven figures, wow. Without the decimal point? The publishers make considerably more. What's the first of those seven figures? A prime number. What do you do with your money? I use it for food and rent. What do we got here? - You Agent Booth? - Special Agent, how you doing? - Sheriff Delpy. - This is my partner. I can introduce myself. Dr. Temperance Brennan. - Somebody ran the car off the road. - Gravel makes it impossible to get an traceable tire marks. The victim was doused with gasoline and then set on fire. Farmer three miles away saw the smoke, called it in. It's female, probably in her early 20s. Preauricular sulcus on the iliac. She's given birth. Ran off the side of the road, set on fire. Somebody wanted her dead. That's why I need your help. I've only got six deputies covering 400 square miles. We're stretched thinner than plastic wrap. Compound fractures to the right tibia and fibula, crushed menubrium, massive skull trauma. I'm not certain yet whether she died in the accident or the fire. You hear that? Everybody, keep quiet! Stop working! - Did you hear that? - It sounds like a cat. It's a baby. Holy crap! Get a ladder down here now! - There's not even a scratch on the boy. - It's a miracle. Hardly. Car seats are specifically engineered to protect the child from... From what, flying out of the back of the car and landing in a tree? Oh, look at him, Bones. He looks a little fussy there. Why don't you pick him up and give him a cuddle? Just because I have breasts doesn't mean I have magical powers over infants. - You're the one with a son. - All right, fine. I'll take him. Here you go. You can have fun with the diaper bag. You look good. Come on, little man. Hi. Why don't you say hi to your grumpy old Auntie Bones? I am not grumpy. The, the vinyl seat melted and fused to the body, so we need that brought back to the Jeffersonian, and the driver's door for particulate evidence. Kid smells a little ripe. Might want to take care of that. Bones, I'm gonna have to change him. Just hold onto to him here. Got him? Okay. All right, here we go. We'll work together on this one. Changing Diapers 101, Bones. Here we go, little big man. Okay, watch your head. We'll put you down right here. Look at that! All right. Give me a diaper there, Bones. - All right. Here you go. - Thanks. Baby powder. You know, Booth, I have better things to do with my time... - There's no powder. - No powder? Yeah. Hey, wait a minute. - Where'd that come from? - There's a rip in the ling of the bag. Seems like someone's trying to hide it. I'll get an evidence bag and I'll ask EMT if they have any baby powder. - Just watch him. - Wait, wait. Booth, there's a baby. I don't feel comforta... Coochie-coo. No, no, no need to fuss. Obviously, something's upsetting you. - Children have toys. - You must have some. Let's see. Elephants are not purple. This is wrong. Hey, look at that. He flipped over. Bones, that's because you got to watch him! Geez! Okay, whoa! All right, okay, look, little big man, if you're gonna be in my jacket, we got to get you out of that dirty diaper. Oh, whew! Okay, where's the key? I put it on your jacket. Next to the baby? Yeah. Are you crazy? Do you know that babies put everything in their mouth, Bones? He could swallow the key. It's so dangerous! All right, look, okay, shh-shh. Oh, look. Okay, look. Key, Bones, look for the key. It's not here. Oh, no, he must have... ... swallowed it. Okay, here you go. - Get used to him. - What do you mean? That key was evidence. You know how chain of custody works. That kid stays with us till we get the key back. That's a stream. Bones Season 3 Episode 12 "The Baby In The Bough" Transcript: <i>swsub.com</i> Sync: <i>ShalimarFox, IceFre@k</i> Subtitle : <i>A²S Team</i> --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- I've never seen anything so gorgeous on this table before. Or so alive. Why is Dr. Brennan the official custodian? She's registered as a foster parent. Russ asked her to do it after he began his prison term. Russ wants to make sure his stepdaughters are taken care of if anything happens to Amy. Prodigious saliva production. Okay, now if we can determine if the little guy really did swallow a key or if he has been falsely accused. Well, unless he's already had a hip replacement, sounds like there's a key in there. He liked it. Do it again. What are you doing? We're just... We verified that the baby did indeed swallow the key. Then you should X-ray him to get a clear view of it. He's not a plaything. And you're supposed to be examing the victim. We thought it would be bad for him to examine the remains in front of the baby. You know, creepy formative memory. Then would you mind taking him for a little while so that we can work? I'd love to. Get used to it. I want, like, a million of these. Cool. What do you think she meant by "a million"? Two? Agent Booth? - Yeah? - Got a hit on your burned car. It was registered to a dead guy. Dead woman driving a dead man's car. Plates expired five years ago. Dead guy's family said they sold the car for scrap at a junkyard in Seneca Rocks, West Virginia. Let me guess. Junkyard guy sells off the old heaps to people who want to get off the grid? He used to. Operation got shut down two years ago. No one's seen him since. Let me know if Forensics finds anything to help Bones ID the remains. Is it true that Dr. Brennan's taking care of the baby? Because that's something I'd pay to see. Good-bye, Charlie. The victim exhibits enlarged hypertrophic lesions at multiple muscle attachments. The result of strenuous activity, most likely occupational. Ligamenta flava shows evidence of whiplash. All the perimortem injuries are consistent with vehicular trauma. She was dead prior to immolation. Zack, grind some bones so Hodgins can perform an isotope analysis. We might be able to figure out where she lived. Junior made us a little present. The key, finally. Not yet. This is just the usual present, but with one major difference. I assume pink isn't a normal color for this type of thing. Does yours ever look pink? No, but I'm not an infant. - Where's the baby? - A sleep in your office. I was gonna start the facial reconstruction He's my charge. I'll sit with him. Let me run some tests. - See what I can find. - Actually, one time when I was visiting my cousins, we ate a lot of beets, - and the next day... - Zack, really, too much sharing. You know, you look very mom like with that baby monitor. I have responsibilities under state law as a foster parent. I already bought him toys and clothes. - Ah, so you bought him some clothes. - I sent an intern who apparently loves bears which, in reality, would devour a small child. I tested the ground bone for strontium. Strontium is an element found in most rocks. Human beings absorb it through the consumption of local vegetation and water. Over time, the isotope collects in the bones, meaning... You can use it to figure out where someone's from. That is right, people: I am a constant surprise. I don't understand. He's been fed; he's changed; I patted him; and now he's just complaing. He's acting like a real baby. The victim was from northern West Virginia. Tucker County, to be more precise. Are you sure she's from Tucker county? The crash was in Pendleton. Very sure. Particulate matter collected from the salvaged area of the car contained guano from a corynorhinus townsendii viginianus. So we know where to look. - Are you gonna go? - No, I figured you'd get him. Don't you have a responsibility under state law? - But you're the baby daddy. - Baby daddy? You have prior experience with preverbal infancy. - You can be the daddy mommy. - OK, you two better get your act together or I'm suing for custody. This is my rendering of the victim. There are numerous genetic similarities. Cam's running DNA tests to be sure, but I'm comfortable with the assessment that this was the child's mother. It misses its mother. He's sad. We need to go to Tucker County. Last coal mine closed about eight years ago. - This place is a ghost town. - The local economy is devastated. That could be why our victim was driving a junker. She couldn't afford the registration, insurance. I don't want to sound insensitive here, but I'm telling you, real estate, it's gotta be a steal. I mean, I mean you could build yourself a beautiful house on the river. I could come out and fish. You could put in one of those media rooms. You know, I saw a 103-inch flat-screen TV... I don't need another residence, Booth. Just, you know, trying to give you a little financial advice. That's all. He seems so peaceful. He has no idea that he's all alone. Maybe that wasn't his mom. Maybe there's a dad. No one filed a report, Booth. No one's worried about him. Well, you are. There's someone. - You people are from the government? - Yes, sir, with the FBI. You're traing 'em young, I see. If you could just help us. Right, just like the government helped us when the bridge washed out, when they closed the school. Well, the business and industry have left the area. The local tax base is nonexistent. The government can't be expected to provide services without the fiscal means to do so. What'd she say? Are you from France or somewhere? Economies live and die just like any organism. When they expire, the logical thing to do is to move. This land is part of me. I've lived here all my life. My father before me, his father! Paul, who are you hollering at now? They're from the government. Oh, my God! You have no right! No right at all! Taking people's children away? You should be ashamed. That girl does the best she can to provide for Andy. Andy? Do you know this baby? Yeah, folks up the street, Carol and Jimmy Grant. They take care of him when his mama works. Is that his mother? Looks like her, but you should check with the Grants. What's going on? Something happen? Yeah. That's Meg. Meg Taylor. We all went to high school together, me and Jimmy and Meg Meg's husband Lou. Back when wehada high school. Meg's husband he still live around here? Well, I haven't seen him lately. Not that I'd want to. He's in and out of jail. Does anything for a drink. Left, Meg before Andy was born. I'm not sure he's even laid eyes on Andy more than twice. Meg worked herself to the bone for this boy. We couldn't have one of our own, so we were real happy to help Meg out. Meg would have to pry her away from him at the end of the day. - Where did she work? - Fallbrook Rubber. They recycle tires. They turn them into ground coverings, you know, for playgrounds and such. It's one of the only places left around here to work. And how about the two of you? You're both currently, what, - unemployed? - No. I... I work part-time looking after some of the buildings they shut down. Jimmy used to teach high school and I did some project management, mostly for construction, but now we do what we can. This town used to be something. We were on the scenic route. You know, people would come to visit. It wasn't all coal. What will happen to Andy? 'Cause we can watch him. He's going to have to stay with us for now. Could you tell me where Meg lived? Looks like everything is closed down around here. Yeah. Probably lost all its customers. With no bridge, the highway routes all the traffic away from the town. - Brennan. - Got the scoop on the poop. It was pharmaceutical dye, used to color the phenobarbital that showed up in his tox screen. Andy had phenobarbital in his system? Oh, his name's Andy? Adorable. I had a dog named Andy. That came out wrong. Why does he have phenobarbital in his system? It's often prescribed for seizures. Perhaps the infant is epileptic. Don't say that. Andy's going to be just fine. He was still breast-feeding, so there's a slight chance he ingested the drug that way, but the depth of color makes it unlikely. We're on our way to check out his mother's home. I'll see if I can find the prescription bottle. - OK - No, no, no, no, - What? - No, no, no, no. Look. Front door is open. You stay here. - But... - There is a baby involved. You hear gunfire, anything like that, drive away. - I'm not leaving you, Booth. - Yes, you will because this is about the baby, not me. Promise me. I promise. Easy. Both hands to the ceiling. Nice and easy. Easy! God! You know, I asked you very nicely. We will find out what happened to your mother. I promise. Booth is an excellent investigator, and I don't like to boast, but I am the best in my field. What do you want? How... how about some visual and auditory stimulation? Okay. Let's see. I told you, I'm Meg's husband. I live here. If you live here, why did you break the front lock? I didn't do it. Somebody else broke in. I saw it, I thought I'd come in and check on Meg. You live here, or you came by to check on Meg? Which one is it? Man, you got me all confused. Yeah. I bet. Look. Meg bails me out sometimes, if she can. When I saw she wasn't here, I just figured I'd, you know, help myself. You often do you steal from your wife? It's not stealing. She likes to help me. Yeah. Meg's dead. She was killed. How? You seem shocked. Well, of course I am! Where were you last night? Last night? I don't remember. Phalanges! Phalanges, phalanges, phalanges! Dancing phalanges! Dancing phalanges! Yeah! Booth thinks that bones are dry and boring, but... Show me your phalanges! Hey, Bones? Her husband. Real genius. Doesn't even rember where he was last night. We've got your son in here. His mother is dead, and now you're the only one... No. I never wanted that kid. She did it because she thought it would straighten me out, but I told her I couldn't handle a kid because I'm a free spirit. What you are is a drunk, Lou. Dispatch, I need a forensics team and a car for a burglary suspect and a possible murderer. No. I didn't kill her. Why would I? Who else would feed me? I determined an approximate size and shape for the key. Did you reference it against currently registered key patents? Yeah. The closest match is an old design used for safe deposit boxes in banks. I'm looking into banks near Huntsville that still use them. Most safe deposit keys are numerically coded. Well, we couldn't get a clear enough picture without exposing Andy to too much radiation. Okay. How many exactly? Excuse me? Kids. Because a million seems a little impractical. I don't know. I kind of have a thing for chaos. I guess I'll stop when the Feds need to airlift me in supplies. You don't, by chance, live in a shoe, do you? You don't want kids? Screaming, crying, vomit, other bodily fluids... Like a day around here. Not worth giving up this body for that. Let's see what you got there. Hey, Bones, sweep's finished. It's all yours. Come on. The phenobarbital was prescribed to Andy in a clinic over 50 miles away. That's probably the closest medical care they've got. It's an extremely harsh drug to give to a child. It's quite sweet, these pictures. She really loved him. Check this out. Somebody had a doctor's appointment in DC yesterday. - Maybe that's where they were headed. - Okay, we'll need this prescription and Andy's medical records. Okay. I'll have them sent to the Jeffersonian 'cause that's what we do. I've made some discoveries regarding our victim. - Is this a good time? - No, no, no. Okay. Zack? Hello? Dr. Addy. It's Dr. Brennan. Oh. Is this a better time? No, no, no. Then why did you call back? - I'm wasn't speaking with you, Zack. - I believe you are. I was saying "no" to Andy. He was grabbing my necklace. Here you go. You were saying? Our victim had healed compression fractures in her L1 and L2 vertebrae. From a traumatic injury? No. Malnourishment. She also has some minor deformities including a slight bowing of the legs and bony outgrowths at a number of muscle attachments. Do you know if Cam found any painkillers in Andy's tox screen? No. Just the phenobarbital. First a key. Now jewelry. What's next? You gonna let him play with a ball? I'm watching him. Meg had a number of bone conditions that would have caused chronic pain, but she wasn't taking any pain medication. Here. Probably because she didn't want it affecting her... you know, her supply. You mean her breast milk. You know, you can say the word "breast," Booth. Yeah, I know, Bones. Well, didn't Rebecca breast-feed Parker? You know... - I am not discussing that with you. - Would teat make you feel comfortable? I'm not talking teats with you. - Why not? - Enough! So our victim wasn't taking any painkillers. No, but her occupational markers in her lateral epicondyle and lower discs suggest that her job requires manual labor. Her pain might have been excruciating. Probably had no choice. Jobs around here are pretty scarce. What do you say we go talk to her boss? Wait. Weren't you breast-fed? I was. Yesterday was her day off. When she was late today, I just... God! I mean, who did it? What happened? We're not sure yet. Mr. Barnett, how long you been the manager of this plant? It's three years now. It's the only real business left around here. Since Meg's job involved a lot of physical labor, were you aware of her spinal condition? The pain, you mean? Yeah, I saw. I offered to put her on disability. She said she and the baby couldn't get by on that. She was tougher than half the guys here. Poor little bug. I got five kids myself. I... I can't imagine... Any reason to think Meg was in trouble? No. I was her boss. She didn't confide in me. How about that husband of hers? He was trash on a cracker if I've ever seen it. They weren't living together anymore. Doesn't mean he ain't jealous. - Maybe someone told him about Shepard. - Who's Shepard? Dave Shepard. Some accountant from corporate headquarters in DC. He was here for a week. Left a few days ago. Yeah. He was here to cut costs. - We've all heard that before. - Good-bye, jobs. Was there anything between Meg and Shepard? Guy was kind of slimy. You know, offering to buy her sodas, asking about her kid, all the time looking at her, you know... Breasts? Meg return the attention? He was from the city, had money. After her deadbeat of a husband, you can't fault her for wanting a good meal. But the only guy Meg really cared about is right there. She would have done anything for this kid. Just do a check on all the employees and also, get me the contact information for this Dave Shepard out of the DC area. I'm telling you, Lou Taylor, he didn't do it. He was in jail. They picked him up passed out in another county. Hold on. Yeah. Well, you know what? If Lou didn't toss the place, then somebody else did. All right? So just keep checking for prints. I'm telling you, somebody else is looking for that key. Andy's making that face again. I'm serious, Bones. Next time, you're changing the diaper. There's a series of numbers on it. These keys were coded to indicate the specific bank. So read me your numbers. 36, 09, 20, 14. Okay. It's searching. Got it. It's from Green Hills Bank, in Petersberg, West Virginia. I'll send the directions to your phone. Thanks, Angela. No problem. How's my little bruiser? He looks pleased that a piece of metal is no longer passing through - his intestinal tract. - No more metal. - His legs are bowed. - All babies' legs are bowed. No, not like this. How could I have missed that? Tell Zack to run a P ratio test on the victim's teeth. He'll know what I mean. Sure thing. - Take care of him, sweetie. - I will. We've got the bank's address. It's in Petersberg, one town from Huntsville. Great, I'll request a warrant. That'll give us time to go to Family Services in Parsons. What? No. - Not yet. - I know this is difficult, but we both agreed that we keep Andy to get the key. Now that we have the key... You can't leave him with Family Services in the middle of nowhere. Cam still needs to review his medical records. Bones, there are doctors there. You have no idea what that place will be like, Booth. Med students, underfunded, understaffed. His mother is dead and his father is a felon. I've been in his situation, Booth. I'm not turning him over until I'm satisfied that he is somewhere safe where he'll get the care he deserves. Fine, he can stay with us. For now. Thank you. Okay, I'll go lock the back up. Just let me know if there's anything else you need. Bank manager said Meg was a new client. Only got this box a few days ago. Uh-oh. "Uh-oh" is right. Ah, Andy... What kind of trouble was Mama in? There's a sticky residue lining the trigger and I see fragments of a foreign object inside the barrel. We need to take this back to the Jeffersonian. Well, Meg Taylor didn't own a firearm, at least not legally. We need to find out where Mommy got the gun, don't we? Hey, someone filed off the serial numbers. You think I didn't know that before I handed it to you? I mean, I am FBI, not just some guy who changes your stinky diapers. It's been fired recently. I'm finding gunpowder residue. Gunpowder's not going to get me the owner's name. I need fingerprints, DNA. Do you think there are any public pools around here? It's a pretty depressing job, you know, keeping an eye on the ruins, but I try to think positive. Like I'm keeping them safe till they open up again. Chemicals are down here. Thanks. Can I hold him? Just for a bit? Okay. Just for a little bit. Right, Andy? Did you know of any medical conditions that Andy was being treated for? Meg never liked to share her problems. She was pretty independent. But, I mean, Andy's always seemed just fine. Is he sick? We're just checking. Must've been a pretty nice pool. Coached a high school team once back when I was teaching. Perfect. Muriatic acid. Bones, what are you doing? Hey, I get it. Someone filed the numbers off? How'd you know that? She's using the acid to react with the metal. Restores the original etchings. I taught science. Really? You must've been a good teacher. I got the numbers. Mr. Delancey, you worked at Fallbrook Rubber before you came to DC. Got laid off a couple months ago. Surprised that place is still in business. - So you knew Meg Taylor? - Sure. Can't picture her with a gun, though. She was sweet as they come. The gun was registered to you. But I haven't seen it in a couple of years. I pawned it when things first started getting tight. It's illegal for pawn shops to buy guns. You've seen Huntsville. People do whatever it takes to stay afloat. Says here in your file that you assaulted the plant manager when he laid you off. - Also took a swing at Dave Shepard. - That's right, yeah. Look, that son of a bitch drives up from DC every few months, and when he leaves, five more of us are out on our asses. Sure, I took a swing at him. I'd do it again, too, if I ever saw him. Where's the pawn shop? Corner of Elm and Wilson. Went out of business, though. Too many people selling, not enough people buying. This gun's covered in a fine dust of particulate matter. That's gonna take a while to ID. The fragments inside the gun's barrel are bone. Really? To get blow-back like that, somebody would have to have been shot point-blank. In the head. Brain tissue on the fragments means they're from a frontal bone. Think maybe our victim shot somebody? If she did, then why would she put the gun in a safe deposit box? It's not logical. Yeah, you're right. We'll soon know for sure. - What do you mean? - I identified the residue that's on the gun's trigger. It's burned skin. Finger must've gotten caught and burned when the shooter fired the gun. Cam should be able to get some DNA. Hey, Bones, the pawn shop that closed last year... no one has seen the owner. I mean, this gun, that could've been floating around for months. Little man. Yeah, Bones, what's with the music? I'm on hold. There's an anthropologically proven link between poverty and violence. More people competing for scarcer resources. That's great, Bones. Bottom line is, we're not gonna know if the gun owner's telling the truth. Dr. Brennan? Yes, I'm still here. Well, then tell the Congressman I'd appreciate a call back. - Thank you. - Congressman? Oh, what is Bones up to, huh? I'm just putting in a few calls. You know, I've contributed to numerous campaigns. I think these politicians owe me. Bones, that's not how it's supposed to work. That is exactly how it does work, Booth. If the government fixed that bridge leading to Huntsville, they'd be back on the scenic route. Okay, what about the lack of fiscal resources that you were talking about? They found millions to build a bridge to nowhere in Alaska. Do you need to burp? No. I was talking to Andy. I know you were talking about Andy. My man Andy. So what's up with the little guy here? How's his condition? Any news? Cam's still looking in his records, consulting with some pediatricians. He's gonna be just fine, isn't he? He's a tiger. Tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger. Tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger. You know, verbal development would be heightened if you didn't talk to him like a fool. - Were just doing just now? - What? I wasn't doing anything. - You were going - What are you talking about? - I never did that. - That's what you sounded like. Hello. I have some info about the skin Hodgins found on the gun's trigger. Yeah. It was male. Not Meg Taylor. So Meg was either an accomplice... Or she witnessed the murder, got her hands on the gun, then hid it. Excuse me. Booth. Yeah. - Yeah. - Huntsville? We just found our missing accountant. He used his credit card to check into a motel near Huntsville. Great, thanks. Local police are picking him up now. You're kidding, right? This isn't Dave Shepard. You're not Shepard. - Tell me something I don't know. - How'd you end up with his credit card? It was inside that bag. I found it in a trash heap near the old coal mine. I thought my luck had changed. Was there blood on this bag when you found it? I guess. Hey, can I have the sweaters? They're really soft. I'll take the bag, everything in it back to DC. - Cut this guy loose. - Cut me loose? I don't mind staying here. You know, a couple of nights, maybe? What do you say? Couple of nights? So this Dave Shepard guy is an accountant? That's not a profession I associate with killers. Booth thinks that our victim may have seen Dave Shepard shoot someone. Since he's been missing since her death, he could've killed her, too. Yeah, well, tell Booth I just found the guy. Or parts of his skull anyway. I ran the DNA from the blood on the duffel bag and the frontal bone fsagments from the gun through CODIS. Both his. So Dave Shepard isn't our killer ; he's another victim. He was shot in the head by a male with a gun Meg Taylor was trying to hide. Hey. You wanted me? Yeah there was a flash drive in Dave Shepard's duffel bag. - It's crushed. - That's why you come in. We need to know if Dave Shepard found something that have gotten him killed. Okay, I'll get right on it. - Did you call your pediatrician friend? - He's on his way. And you know he's good? 'Cause we have to be certain. Dr Brennan, he's the chief of pediatrics at Children's National Medical Center. He's the best. Hi, beautiful. Coming to visit? Yeah, I need some cotton swabs and some bleach. Cleaning dried blood off that flash drive. You do want kids, don't you? What? Kids. Small humans. I'll admit I only ever planned on one or two, but... if you want a million, I want a million. - Really? - Absolutely. I don't care if you're mushy and shapeless, puffy from constant hormonal fluctuations. I'll still find you sexy. I'm not gonna look like I'm... It's okay. When you get wider, there'll be more of you to love. I think we should start right now. Why wait until we get married? There's no telling how long it's gonna take you to get your divorce. Your computer is... it's beeping. - That's interesting. - What is it? Particulates from the gun. The dust was composed of silica, sulfur compounds, and synthetic rubbers. Sounds like tires. The gun was used at the tire recycling plant. I'm not going to get wider. What exactly are you looking for? We're not sure yet. Anything that will help us figure out to Dave Shepard and Meg Taylor. Okay, people, back to work. - You let them do their job. - They'll let us do ours. Where you going? Bones... Hey, pal, here, hold on to that for me. Bones, where you going? Hey. Booth, look at this. Turn off the machine. Okay, if I were a dead body and I needed to disappear... This would be a pretty thorough way to do it. Hey, pal, how often do you ship out a load of this mulch? We collect a week's worth at a time, but we bag it up every couple hours. Dave disappeared four days ago. He could still be here. It's this lot right here. - Bones. - Yeah.</i> This lot was collected right after Dave's disappearance. Everything's washed, sanitized and ready to be shipped. Means all the evidence has been washed away. Not necessarily. Scoop up some of the mulch. Put it in this water. Next bag. What exactly are we doing here? I'll explain in a minute. - Try the next bag. - Next bag. Next bag. The rubber pieces float, see? But bone... It sinks. We just found Dave. Tell the manager to shut this plant down now. Brennan. - Brennan, it's me. - Turn on your video stream. - Is Andy all right? The pediatrician is examining him right now. The baby is fine. Take a look at this. I recovered most of the memory from that flash drive. Dave Shepard's internal audit showed a completely different set of numbers than those reported to corporate headquarters. Someone was doctoring the profit reports. Siphoning the money into a private account.</i> Dave figured it out while he was in Huntsville, that's what got him killed. And if Meg knew about it, then the killer would want her dead, too. Hey, where's Barnett? Chip left. Where did he go? Said he had an emergency at home. Damn! Chip Barnett, you're under arrest for eluding a federal agent. I'm sure we'll be throwing in a few murder charges as well. - You know your rights. - Yeah. It's only a matter of time before they close the plant. You embezzled from the company? A man does what he has to for his family. So that justifies killing two innocent people? - Shepard was going to turn me in. - So you shot him. Meg witnessed it, got a hold of the gun... She wanted money to keep quiet. - Take her kid to some doctor in DC. - You knew where she was headed. You followed her out of town so you could kill her with no one around. I didn't want to kill her. I went to her trailer, I looked for the gun first, but you do what you have... There was a baby in that car! Son of a bitch. Hi. Hey. One of the techs found this in Meg's trailer. What is it? A letter that Meg wrote to her friend Carol Grant. Hey. Andy has a genetic condition. What is it? Vitamin D-resistant rickets. Meg had a mild form, very few symptoms. She probably didn't even know she had it. But males are prone to more severe cases than females, so Andy would have exhibited more extreme symptomatology. Including the seizures. The clinic probably prescribed him phenobarbital without searching for underlying causes. Is Andy going to be all right? Absolutely. Very treatable. My friend can treat him as an outpatient. Andy's going to be fine. Thanks, Cam. Really. Don't mention it. - You're gonna be fine. - Yeah, it looks like our little guy is going to be fine just fine. The little guy. Andy. Andy's going to be just fine. You should read this. Dear Carol, if anything happens to me,</i> take care of my Andy. I know you don't have much. None of us do... but you have love. And I know Andy would be lucky to be a part of your family.</i> I'm going to miss that little guy. And so are you, so don't deny it. I'm not ashamed to say that I've developed a certain affection for Andy. It's a natural by-product of caregiving. Yeah. So... what do you think, huh? Change your mind about having kids? Booth. Okay. All right. You got some time. Not that much time. - Booth! - Hey! Now look what you did. - What I did? - Yeah. You're the one who hit me. What is all this stuff? It's information Carol gave me from a structural engineer. Ah, I see you took my financial advice, didn't you? - You're going to build that home. - No. The congressman couldn't help so I'm rebuilding the bridge into Huntsville. I've hired Carol Grant as the project manager. - That is going to cost a fortune. - To you it's a fortune, but with my advance and selling the movie rights... Yeah, I get it. You know, I thought you said that towns lived and died like organisms, that sometimes we should just let them go. And sometimes all it takes is one thing, like a bridge, for a town to start recovering. Back on the scenic route, the gas stations could reopen, restaurants, maybe a bed and breakfast for people who want to stay in the area. Listen to you. Good for you. You know, it's, um... it's a shame. What? No kids. Who's going to be proud of you? - I didn't do it for that. - Yeah, OK, I know, I know. You know, with next year's book, you should... you should get that second home in the town you saved. It only makes sense, right? 'Cause every year, the plasmas... they go down, they get cheaper and cheaper. - It happens all the time. - Forget it. What? I'm just saying. Andy's going to miss his Auntie Bones. Gonna want to see. We could all go fishing, come back home, plop ourselves in front of that big, 103-inch plasma screen of heaven: football. - And you can make the five-layer dip. - Seven-layer dip. Even better, seven layers, perfect. You could talk to Andy. "Hello, Andy. Little man, little baby, baby..." Bones Season 3 Episode 12