You're dancing to it. I may be swaying a little. And humming. Bones, you know, it's just something that you do in the elevator. Buddhists say that if we can lose ourselves in the moment, without distraction or desire, we experience truth. Why can't you just hum like a normal, happy person ? Not really in the mood. Okay, here we go. Oh. Special Agent Booth. And I'm going to assume this is Dr. Brennan. Bones, Alex Radziwill. He's, uh, you know, from the State Department. Why'd you say it like that ? Booth believes the State Department was put on Earth to protect bad guys from the FBI. I count three dead ? Four. There's one behind the bar. Already ID'd as the bartender. This was a cocktail party after a conference on drug trafficking in South America. The keynote speaker was Colombian judicial attaché|Dolores Ramos. Did she survive ? Minor burns, smoke inhalation, she'll be fine. Luck of the draw. You seem uncomfortable. Does his size make you self-conscious ? Bones ! It's a condition; skeletal dysplasia. Pseudo achondroplasia or SED congenita ? Bones ! Dr. Brennan, I can see that you're a straightforward person and as much as I appreciate that quality, what you're asking me is neither your business nor relevant. But it's my business because I'm a forensic anthropologist. But you're right, it's not relevant. So what happened here ? Bomb ? The blast came from the room next door. Your people are working on the cause right now. I'm betting Colombian drug types. They just love blowing people up. Before she was attached to the embassy, Dolores Ramos was a prosecutor in Bogot ? She had plenty of enemies in the cartels. You ID anyone else besides the bartender ? Hector Madure, Chief of Police from Quito, Ecuador... I brought you in to confirm the identity of his wife. She's the extra-crispy one. Father Gabriel Ruiz. He ran a drug program for kids in Bogot ? Well, you know, it's a big score for the drug cartels. Any one of these people, you know, make a good target. I'm gonna check on the condition of the survivors. If you need anything, just holler. Will do. See ya. What do ya got, Bones ? Female, mid-40s. The bone structure fits this picture of Constanza Madure pretty closely. Dental work will confirm. And the debris embedded in the remains suggests an explosion. So does that giant hole in the wall there. Hmm. Part of the navicular, the top of the left foot. Not hers. There are other bone shards scattered here. You mean like extra bits ? Yes. These are fragmented from the blast. All these bone fragments here in the wall. I think someone was standing in this room very close to the bomb when it went off. Well, it had to be the bomber, right ? I mean, talk about instant karma. The question is, where are the rest of his remains ? Vaporized, maybe ? Unlikely. Oh. Huh. What do ya got ? An external occipital protuberance. Fissures indicate thermal detachment. It's the back of a human skull. Cam ! Any of your bodies missing a protuberance ? No, all these remains are fully intact. Fully intact. Aha. Not all of them. Oh ! www.1000fr.com present sync:FRM@¡¤D¡¤ the explosion definitely originated in the room next to the cocktail party. Who was checked in there ? Nobody. It was being renovated. Paint, combustibles, they would have added to the force of the fire and explosion. So maybe the bomber got caught by his own explosion. Her own explosion. The bomber is a female ? The sciatic notch doesn't lie. Neither does the vagina. Whoa. Wait a minute. Whoa. Wait a minute. You're saying the skull's so hot that it explodes, but the, uh, girlie parts are still intact ? She was thrown into that chandelier above the fire. The deep tissue remained intact. Thank you for that. Uh... Particulates embedded in the remains are a combination of glass, wood splinters, plaster and drywall. The bomber is Caucasian, five-feet four, late teens, early 20's Still no ID. Hair sample makes her a bleach-bottle blonde. Ankylosis in the right trochlea and capitulum and scaphoid. Occupational markers from carrying a tray. Mad bomber teenage assassin waitress ? She might not have had a choice. I don't understand. The cartels force people to do what they want. Your waitress refuses, the cartel wipes out her family. I'm running chemiluminescence tests now to get a chemical fingerprint, then chromatography to see what triggered the blast. I scanned the skull and reconstructed a face. Send it over to Booth. If drugs are involved, maybe she has a record. Yeah, I already did that. Listen, people, please, don't be sending stuff without informing me first. But you wanted her to send it. I heard you. But not without first... Just run everything by me first, okay ? Every circus needs a ringmaster. In this circus, it's me. Yeah. All we ask at the State Department is that you treat this woman with the respect she is due as a friend of this country. I know how to question the witness. I am here at the request of the Colombian ambassador, Judge Ramos and the State Department. That's disingenuous. What are the chances that all three would ask you separately ? Why are you being so confrontational ? You're used to people deferring to you because of your size. It's a normal response that you take advantage of. I don't like it. Here we go. See, even you don't want to say anything to hurt his tiny feelings. I don't mean that your feelings are tiny. I mean that you have feelings about being tiny. The ramifications and repercussions of impeded access will comprise accommodative responses detrimental to your unabated participation in our shared endeavors. That's State Department speak. "We don't do it his way, we'll get fired." See ? If a regular-sized person tried to intimidate you, you'd threaten to kick him through the window, but because in his case it's an actual physical possibility... Let's just question the judge. Thank you. You're welcome. That was a nice moment, you know ? Me translating for you. I was speaking with Father Ruiz when the bomb went off. I believe his body protected me from the blast. I was barely touched. Father Ruiz was a very close friend of ours. Did you see this woman at the hospitality suite at the time of the explosion ? No. You sure ? She wasn't serving drinks, anything like that ? The service staff were all from the embassy. Who is she ? She may have been the bomber. Mr. Radziwill ? The State Department recognizes Judge Ramos as a great friend to this country and has charged me with keeping her apprised of this investigation. Did you or anyone receive any threats at the embassy before the conference ? We are always receiving threats. It's a fact of life for us. The government provides my wife and our family with bodyguards. We have lost loved ones in the past. A daughter eight years ago. Our condolences. MR. RAMOS: Do you believe this woman to be connected to the cartels ? We haven't identified her yet. Perhaps, Judge Ramos, your friends in Colombian law enforcement could be of help. Yes, of course. Anything to aid the investigation. Thank you, Judge Ramos. That's all for now. Hey, can you upload the pictures from this camera ? Am I going to regret it ? What kind of guy do you think I am ? It's just that men sometimes think things are funny that women merely find gross. They're pictures of the hotel room. I went there to collect some samples. See ? The heat blast deposited the first layer of residue on the walls: hydrocarbons. The first layer ? Yep. Layer two, I had to use an electron-capture detector to identify. It was toluene and benzene; oxidized paint which just exploded from the cans. The explosion was a two-parter ? More accurately, a fire then an explosion. But get this: I found a patch of wall with only oxidized paint on it. Basically, a shadow. See, something was between the wall and the fire, then was gone when the explosion occurred. Think you can figure out what it was ? I can try. Cool. I also found these blobs of melted something. Yeah, not my department. You're just trying to prolong this conversation. What do you want to know ? Everything. The explosion shifted the placement of the teeth in the maxilla and mandible. I've repositioned them so that we can match the dentals. The computer is looking now. Why do you suddenly want to know everything ? I think there's a tendency here for each of us to work too independently. My closest acquaintance outside work is a woman I know who's a performance artist. Last month, she enclosed herself in a plastic box with six rabbits. It went over quite well. Perhaps you've heard of her ? Zack, when I said "everything," I meant just the case. Lisa Winokur. Yeah, never heard of her. Me, neither. Isn't she the rabbit woman ? No, Lisa Winokur's the woman in the chandelier. Oh, good. I'll let Booth know you ID'd the victim. If you'd like to know anything else... I think I'm up to speed for now, but thanks. WOMAN: I saw about the explosion on the news, but Lisa wasn't supposed to be working at the hotel last night. So I never thought she'd be one of the casualties. How long had your daughter been working there ? Off and on, a couple of years. Waitressing when she needed money. Tomorrow's her birthday. I ordered the cake. I thought that she would spend the night out with friends, that's why she didn't come home. She spend many nights away from home ? Lisa was a very attractive young woman living with her mother. She had boyfriends, and yeah, sometimes she didn't come home. Did she have anyone special in her life lately ? Yeah, but I, I never met him. I don't know his name. Is there anything you can tell me about him ? Uh... he was foreign. Puerto Rican maybe. She called him "Señor Hot Stuff." Maybe that was a joke. She said he was rich. Lisa was a really sweet girl. The fire started approximately here. Which means that whatever cast your reverse shadow was positioned here. Well, what cast the shadow ? Well, I manipulated the images you gave in order to figure out the shape of the silhouette. The dark areas are where there was both blowback residue from the fire and the deposits of oxidized paint left by the explosion. By going in as far as individual pixels, I was able to find the area where there was only paint residue. That's a person. Yeah. Given the angles and the distance from the wall, I'd say it's somebody about six feet tall. Lisa Winokur was only five-foot four. Which means whoever this was got out before the actual explosion occurred. I could kiss you. That would require permission... which I deny. I'll tell Booth that the bomber is alive and is six-feet tall. You'll tell who what ? There's a loop, people, and I'm in it. Not only am I in it, I'm the big curvy part. * * Lisa wasn't scheduled to work last night. She just came in on her own as a customer, picked up a guy. You know anything about him ? Looked Hispanic. That's not PC to say, but you want details, right ? Mm-hmm. And it looked like he had money, too. How tall was he ? I don't know, but he was sitting when I saw him. Look, Lisa was a good kid, but she used to scope the place for rich guys. So she was a prostitute ? What ? No ! No, she was just like any of us. Looking for a husband, right ? This guy last night, she zoned in on him real hard. Took him upstairs, you know, for privacy. Upstairs where ? The room that was being renovated. The one that caught on fire. I mean, it's against the rules, but we've all done it. Right. I mean, why else work in a high-class place like this, right ? Yeah. Someone's trying to flag you down. Oh. Excuse me. Looks like it's possible that Lisa went upstairs for a little quickie and blundered into a nightmare. She was trying to get you to go upstairs for a little... Hey, that's the guy that Lisa was with. Ooh, he looks like he could be six-feet tall. Hey, let's pay him a little visit. MAN: Vodka, double, straight up. Mind if we ask you a few questions ? Lose your friend, and maybe. It's about Lisa Winokur. Oh ! Okay, it's good. My name is Antonio Ramos. Call the Colombian embassy. £¿£¿ £¿£¿ A swab shows no trace of carbon. So Lisa Winokur was not breathing when the fire started. I found semen. Where ? The usual place. No, I mean, no condom ? Well, the sex may not have been consensual. She was already dead when the fire started. What killed her ? Too much tissue damage for me. Now it's time for the boneyard. You, Zack, do your thing. I have to ascertain if these fractures were the result of heat, explosion or trauma. Which means I need to know the exact nature of the explosion. How do you do that ? The usual way. My embassy has been informed of my whereabouts. I have nothing more to say. Antonio Ramos. Any relationship to Judge Dolores Ramos ? She's my mother. This seriously calls genetics into question. You know, your mother... is a great woman. Have some water. Why'd you run, Antonio ? In my experience, there are two reasons why people run: one...danger. What's wrong with your arm ? What ? Your arm, how did you hurt it ? The second reason people run is they got something to hide, so... You got something to hide, Tony ? Compound fracture, three or five pins in there. Say, uh, six months old ? Did you have sex with her last night ? Is she what this is about ? Because it was her idea, not mine. How well do you know her ? Oh, very well, and not so well, if you know what I mean. I don't know what he means. It means that he had sex with her and forgot to learn her name. Well, you say that, not me. Well, it's not like you, uh, exactly have a record, because you have, you know, diplomatic immunity. More like a list of complaints. Let's see here. Okay, speeding, DUI, riding a motorcycle on the Mall, urinating on a national monument; substance-abuse charges, every one of them. My guess is you got drunk and fell off a bicycle. It was a motorcycle. Agent Booth, you know Antonio Ramos has diplomatic immunity yet you insist on questioning him. Uh, diplomatic immunity doesn't mean I can't question him. It means I can't throw him in jail. Are you all right, Tonio ? Mm-hmm. RADZIWILL: Mr. Ramos, you're free to leave. Thank you. The FBI will not bother you anymore. Can he promise that ? No. Do you have any other higher aspirations rather than just, you know, baby-sitting drunken playboys ? She's dead. Who ? Lisa. Lisa Winokur. That was her name. How did she die ? In the same explosion that nearly killed your mother. Did Lisa ever mention your parents ? Agent Booth ? She knew who they were. Antonio, answer no more questions. That's enough. Do you have something to say to me, Dr. Brennan ? Little people have a long history of being close to power. That's clowns and court jesters. I see you've been to the art museum. Yes, but as clowns and court jesters, they were the only ones allowed to mock the king, to give him perspective. You don't do that, Mr. Radziwill. You just do what the king says, without putting anything into perspective. Good thing I'm neither a clown nor a court jester. Whoa. Don't do that. It's DNA evidence. The FBI couldn't find any evidence of an explosive charge. Then what blew up ? There was liquor in the room, paint, turpentine. Paint, turpentine and liquor blew down a wall, torched four people and deposited a corpse in a chandelier 12 feet off the ground ? There was also a petroleum distillate in six HVLP canisters hidden under tarps. High volume, low pressure. So, you can see where this is going. No, we can't. No, we can't. A fire was set. The question is-- given these ingredients-- would there be a secondary explosion ? I did the math very carefully. This experiment should generate an explosion approximately 1/1,000th the magnitude of the explosion at the hotel. Excuse me ? 1/1,000th. I think she meant the explosion part, Zack. Relax. A little pop. This blast wall Zack built is merely a precaution. We can watch through this porthole. Okay, I'm going to wait outside. I hear that. Did they not hear me say I did the math quite carefully ? I'll ignite the alcohol. The math says there will be a ten to 12-second gap before the HVLP container explodes. Fine. You ready ? Igniting the alcohol. Ten, nine, eight... Oh ! Oh ! Oh ! Are you all right ? Can you breathe ? Hey, how many fingers am I holding up ? I'm okay. I'm all right. I'm all right. I don't understand what happened. You know what that proves ? That you guys are idiots. That a blast that strong wasn't necessarily a bomb. Most likely, somebody killed Lisa Winokur then started a fire to cover up their crime. Without knowing there would be a huge explosion. That's good, guys. Nice job. Your theory of the crime is that Antonio Ramos started a fire to cover up a rape and murder. DNA matches the sperm found in Lisa Winokur. What do you want from me ? I want you to have the kid declared persona non grata because of his previous offenses... that gets rid of diplomatic immunity... And you can arrest him. Exactly. Never going to happen. Right, because Judge Ramos is such a good, good friend of this country. I don't think you can calculate just how many American lives she's saved by taking a hard line on the cartels in Colombia. Obviously, you have orders from the State Department to have this whole diplomatic mess booted out of the United States and back into Colombia. Don't say anything, just, you know, if I'm right, just keep breathing. Bogot ? 1998. The Ramos family is leaving the city for their country home. Their convoy is attacked. End to a long, ugly story, 13-year-old Antonio is running away from the fight and carrying his little sister. Only trouble is, he has to keep going back to pick up pieces of her brain. It's a sad story, but it doesn't mean the guy can get drunk and kill five people... including an American citizen. Yeah. Booth, it's Cam. We know how Lisa Winokur died. She was strangled. The hyoid is cracked at the tips, but not burned. Something was around her neck when the fire got to her. Hodgins found burned fibers. He's analyzing them now. I also noticed a broken finger. I'm using those words especially for you, Booth. Thanks. Also disjunct of acromion and coracoid with damage to the glenoid; dislocated shoulder. The typical injury of a victim on the ground straining against someone strangling her from behind. There was a split in the cartilage between the T-3 and T-4 vertebrae. Excuse me. I thought that might be from the fire or explosion. But why only those two vertebrae ? You make a good point. I'll take another look. Cam... Cam, has anyone said anything to you about, um... ? you know ? Us sleeping together ? You got to be way more careful about, you know, blurting it out like that, okay ? Voices they carry in a building like this. There's no one around, and you brought it up. Well, I mean, Angela is practically psychic about this kind of stuff, all right ? So you can't be thinking about me when, you know, she's around. Especially not naked. I'll do my best. Onyx, peridot and Peruvian opal. Probably jewelry. It's an unusual combination, very expensive. Yeah, well, Lisa Winokur I mean, she was a waitress. I highly doubt that her tips would be able to cover expensive jewelry. Well, a waitress that's having sex with a Colombian princeling. I mean, you don't buy expensive jewelry for a one-night stand. And it may be Antonio was lying about not knowing Lisa. Exactly. Yeah. Angela found a jeweler named Lawrence Melvoy who works with this stuff. Okay... I'll start... All right, great. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah ? Oh, my God, what happened ? Is this jewelry yours ? Definitely. Are these pieces expensive ? This piece was worth 8,000. Dollars ? My work is all original. This one went to a young woman. Cheap shoes, expensive watch, you know. I'm sorry, I don't know. That combination means that someone else purchased this piece for the young woman. Could, uh... this be the woman ? That's her. Yeah. I need to know who made the actual purchase. I don't know the buyer. You know how it was paid ? I have a bank routing number. Ah, that'll do. Hey, I've had a realization. Oh, I've never seen you on the computer before. I'm, uh... just trying to find out who bought Lisa Winokur expensive jewelry. What, me being on the computer... is that what, your realization ? No. Antonio Ramos could not have been Lisa Winokur's attacker. Why couldn't our prime suspect have committed the murder ? Antonio's arm has pins in it. Pins ? Yeah. So he's maybe 30% of his normal strength. No way that's enough to dislocate our victim's shoulder. So how ? How what ? How can you find the jewelry thing on the computer ? I have a bank routing number that dead-ends at an offshore corporate account belonging to a shell corporation in the Netherlands Antilles. Isn't that impossible to trace ? No. Since 9-11 all foreign wires have to register an individual's name with the State Department. So, I simply access the State Department database. Aw, hell. What ? that  ? ? protect someone the computer says "confidential" then it's confidential. I find it best not to argue with computers. Were you the one who authorized the block, or did it come from higher up on the food chain ? Go through channels. Make a request. Go to hell, Alex. Why are you being so mean ? 'Cause "go through channels" is just diplomatic double-talk for "get lost." Can I talk to him ? Hello, Dr. Brennan. I'm just small, not invisible. Under what circumstances, in general, would the State Department block a name like this ? Come on, Alex. Hey, don't be one of them. Go out on a limb, huh ? Fine. Might be an intelligence asset or someone under investigation. It could be a request from Homeland Security. They just do whatever the hell they want. Could be a CIA shell company masquerading as a bad guy or a bad guy who's been compromised. The IRS could be working offshore shelters. It could be someone... Ha ! Ha ! He didn't say anything. He was about to say "diplomatic immunity." Let's say the boy bought the girl some jewelry. That doesn't mean he killed her. It means he was lying when he said he met her for the first time that night. Come on, Alex, this isn't evidence for court. I'm just, you know, collecting names. Please. Like that's going to work on me. Whoever killed Lisa Winokur is responsible for the deaths of four other people, including a priest. Doesn't the State Department have to assure those families they're doing everything they can to apprehend the responsible party ? Are you threatening the State Department ? No. Yes. What ? That's a great idea. What's a great idea ? The FBI blackmailing the State Department. He has diplomatic immunity. There's nothing you can do. Come on, Alex, baby steps. No offense. I just got that. It's baby steps because you're so small. It's probably offensive. Sorry, I can't help you. Sorry. I brought you some coffee. It's late. You said you found burned silk fibers on Lisa Winokur's throat, right ? Yeah, the good stuff, too. Unwound filament. Probably Chinese. None of this carded, combed, or spun stuff, and definitely not nubbly. What ? You are a man of odd enthusiasms. I'm checking for silk neckties on the men at the party. Look at this. Yeah, that's Antonio two hours before the explosion. All the evidence points towards him, but Brennan says with his bad arm there's no way he could have killed Lisa Winokur. I know something... and when you know it, you should know that I know. But I don't feel we can discuss it until you, you know, know it independently from me. Are you sniffing my hair ? You called it, baby. A man of odd enthusiasms. Lisa Winokur's finger is broken. Zackaroni, almost every bone in her body was broken. This break was professionally set. It had started healing. I'd say around two weeks ago. And before I cleaned the bones, I noticed this metallic sheen. I thought it was a cheap ring, but it's aluminum. I think it was a splint. Do you draw a conclusion from that ? I don't really do that. Which is why I called you. I don't see how health insurance forms can help you. Yeah, I'm going to have these photocopied, okay ? Sure. Anthropologically speaking, a man gives a woman a gift as a way of laying claim. As a way of marking her as his to the other males in the community. All I know is, he gave her nice things. When he started talking about breaking it off, we were both surprised. They were breaking up ? I told her not to give up that easy. I told her that when it comes down to it, a man like this, who's rich, sophisticated, he'll do the right thing by you. You advised your daughter to get pregnant ? It sounds bad, but there's no reason for Lisa to live the life I led. Please tell me my daughter wasn't murdered because I told her to get pregnant. Excuse me. Bones, can I talk to you for a moment ? Um... Excuse me. What did you do to her ? I don't know. Hospital admission forms. What about them ? Look at the signature of the person who dropped Lisa off at the emergency room. Juan Vasco Ramos. That's Antonio's father. Lisa was having an affair with the Judge's husband, not her son. And he was leaving her. How do you know that ? She advised her daughter to get pregnant when it looked like Juan Ramos was about to dump her. Yeah, Lisa sees the boy drunk, decides to seduce him... Has unprotected sex in an effort to get pregnant. Dad finds out, and suddenly the troublesome girlfriend is worth killing. She's worried that her advice got her daughter killed. Yeah, she's probably right. I'll tell you what, I'm going to call Radziwill, and have him bring Dad in for questioning. Oh, you know what... I should leave you alone more often. Good morning. Where's Juan Ramos ? He declined your invitation. He decided to go back home to Colombia. What airline ? Why ? You can't do anything anyway. He killed five people. Yes, yes, let's not go through the mortality list again. I need to know what airline. Private jet out of Kent Island Airport. Even if we get there on time, how are we going to stop them from taking off ? All right, call Hodgins. What can Hodgins do ? I mean, this isn't about evidence. Just give him a call. Bugs, slime, particulates, what's your poison ? Hodgins, just listen. Don't say anything. Just do as I ask. You there ? You told me not to say anything. Look, okay, listen to me. All right, I need you in your craziest most paranoid conspiracy mode to call the FAA and tell them that a private flight to Bogot ? is about to leave Kent Island Private Airport and is carrying aliens or terrorists or, you know... You know what to do. Now, do you got any questions ? Just one. Full-court press ? No holds barred, maximum effort ? Just stop the plane from taking off. FBI. Everybody out of the plane. Hodgins really came through. That plane ain't going anywhere real soon. What will happen to Hodgins if the State Department finds out ? You know what ? that they don't find out The FAA got a call saying Judge Ramos' plane had been targeted by the National Liberation Army, a terrorist organizationin Columbia. And you took it seriously ? The caller used a highly- classified code phrase, which established the threat as authentic. Really ? A highly-classified code phrase known only to a gold-plated asset inside the terrorist organization. If it weren't, I might suspect you had something to do with it. Booth, you seem to have trouble accepting that there is absolutely nothing you can do in these circumstances. Well, Juan Ramos just, you know, flying out of here-- this whole diplomatic immunity thing-- the whole thing just stinks. You should think it stinks, too, Mr. Radziwill. Put together your evidence package. Submit it to State. We'll present it to the Columbian authorities, let them decide whether or not to levy charges. Wait, wait. That's our only option ? Hope that a foreign government will lay charges based on a forensics-heavy investigation done by American law enforcement on another continent ? Unless you can persuade him to give up diplomatic immunity, yes, it's our only option. How long have we got to do that ? About as long as it takes to take apart a plane and put it back together again. Maybe 24 hours. You're the one who said you have to be kept up to date on everything. When I said "everything," I might have been a bit too... You tend to be very literal. Thermal dislocation can be extremely deceptive. Typically, heat causes short bones to move at the ends. These were split in the middle. What ? Brennan ! Whoa. What'd I do ? T-3 and T-4 are behind the lungs. This is why we have to communicate more, because... I have a cell phone, Dr. Saroyan. I found evidence of a perforation in the membrane of her lungs. That could be connected to the T-3 and T-4 vertebrae damage. Exactly what I thought. Could it have been pierced by a rib during the attack ? The ribs were not broken pre-explosion. The vertebrae were pushed apart, so they'd slide across the lung surface. That would cause a tear. No, this is definitely a puncture. Whatever pierced the membrane was forced through the vertebrae. A knife ? Zack ? No cuts on the bone. Something softer than a blade. To reach the lung from the back means moving through the epidermis, dermis, hypodermis, subcutaneous fat and three layers of thoracic muscle fiber and connective tissue, not to mention splitting those vertebrae. That requires a great deal of pressure, suggesting the force of a leg, not an arm. It's as though Juan Ramos drove something into Lisa Winokur's back with his foot. Like a golf tee ? A golf tee ? That makes no sense. I'm not sure what we're looking for. A sharp implement. He has a pen in his pocket. Wait. How would he force a pen... through her back with his foot ? Judge Ramos is five-foot-nine ? Yeah. Why is she the same height as her husband ? Three-inch stiletto heels. We assumed the killer was six feet tall and a he, but what if it was a five-foot-nine woman wearing three- inch heels ? Could Judge Ramos have driven her heel into Lisa Winokur's back as she strangled her ? Judge finds out that the waitress is having sex with both her husband and her son trying to get pregnant, that's motive for murder. Also, before the fire, she has a beautiful silk wrap on. Afterwards, it's gone. That's what she used to strangle Lisa Winokur. Great. It was Judge Ramos. She did it. Very compelling evidence. Excellent, but, you know what ? Too bad. It's useless. Unless... we can find a way to make Judge Ramos waive her diplomatic immunity. How we gonna do that ? Go grab a cup of coffee. I'll figure it out. Get some pie, Bones ? Let's get some pie. Pie. We're having coffee and pie. Cherry pie on Friday. Oh, yeah, baby...that's what I'm talking about. Wow. Hey, love is in the purified and ionized lab air. Why should we resist ? Go. A woman like Judge Ramos who stood up to drug cartels, who always did the right thing, it's hard to imagine her killing another human being. Bones, she's a strong woman. That's why she stood up to the cartels, you know, live on after her daughter was killed. Hey, look, her point of view, Lisa Winokur was threatening her family. So...she snapped. Will she get away with it ? Yeah. I think she will. Okay, we all got together... well, Zack wouldn't help until I threatened him... but the rest of us. The blowback pattern shows that Lisa Winokur's killer was six feet tall... Antonio Ramos is six feet tall. Lisa Winokur had sex immediately before her demise. DNA tests show it was with Antonio Ramos. Lisa Winokur was strangled with a silk ligature. Antonio Ramos favors silk ties. Why are you manipulating the facts to make it sound like Antonio was the killer ? It's okay, Bones. Let her... Let her continue. Because of his broken arm, Antonio Ramos was forced to place his foot on Lisa Winokur's back, damaging her vertebrae. You are fabricating this scenario by misrepresenting the evidence and omitting key facts. It's a bluff. Cops do it all the time. So you think if we frame Antonio, Judge Ramos will... confess to save her own son. What mother wouldn't ? Bones ? No. No. It's no different than lying to a criminal to get a confession. Or having Hodgins call the FAA with a fake terrorism tip. He did what ? Oh, what ? Now, suddenly there's a line here ? You can't allow this. I'm 100% against this. Seeley, you hate diplomatic immunity. Well, I'm against it when it's interfering with my murder investigation, but the world's bigger than that. What are you talking about ? We cheat diplomatic immunity here in DC, we catch a murderer, that's great. They do it in Upper Kamikazistan and our boys end up on a red-hot spit over a slow fire. There's no such place as Kamikazistan. Okay. Bottom line is, we ignore diplomatic immunity and the rest of the world finds out, it's open season on Americans, so-- you know what ? Thanks for the effort, and the fake file, but... Let's just remember, okay, that... we're the good guys. Oh, I'm gonna need that real evidence file, too. Okay. Even if this were true... It's true. My family and I have diplomatic immunity. That's politics. A woman like you, a judge, a prosecutor, who's given up their whole life for justice, you can't live with what you did to Lisa Winokur. What next ? The FBI formally hands this evidence over to me. I present it to the ambassador. He presents it to the attorney general of Colombia. And the State Department gets what it wants, what you've been working for all along... This mess in another country. All parties played by the rules. That's diplomacy. Still, speaking outside of my role as a member of the State Department, the attorney general of Colombia is not a friend to you. No. He is not. This evidence is political ammunition. I mean, there will almost certainly be a trial, and he would most certainly want you in jail, which would mean... The cartels have been trying to kill me for years. In prison, they would succeed on the first day. They'll torture and kill you. Might I make a suggestion ? Waive your diplomatic immunity. And be tried fairly, here, in the United States. What's it gonna be, Judge ? I turn this evidence over to an American prosecutor ? Or Mr. Radziwill ? I waive diplomatic immunity. Well... look at them down there, huh ? Ha ! Probably falsifying evidence. I'm not sure I can totally trust Dr. Saroyan after that. You know, Bones, Cam's a cop at heart. She, uh... she just wants to catch the bad guys. There are a lot of gray areas. Not for you. You did the right thing. Yeah. It worked out, is all. You did the right thing. Uh-oh. Well, shouldn't we do something ? You kidding ? Hodgins being abducted