conference champions, the Middlesex Archers... ... face the desperate and conniving Forest Lake Otters. Right about now, the Otters must be wondering where their mascot went. Lake Forest sucks! Lake Forest sucks! Lake Forest sucks! Archers, ready your bows. Archers, raise your bows. Archers, aim. Archers, fire! Ladies and gentlemen of Middlesex College, aim your weapons! Oh, yeah! Fire at will! Artillery! Fire! Fire! What is that thing? 'Cause it looks real. Male. Some of this costume has fused to the remains. Good morning. I'm Vernon Warner, dean of students. Special Agent Seeley Booth and Dr. Brennan from the Jeffersonian. There is a lot of damage to this body. They had a cannon. More like a blunderbuss, really. Filled to the brim with bric-a-brac and shrapnel. Yeah, look, I suspect that this might be a prank. - A prank? - It's a college. I suspect that one of our less reflective frat houses may have stolen these remains from the, medical school. Beta Delta Sigma. I got missing cadaver report yesterday. Bones, when I was in college, my frat, we stole a cadaver, dressed it up like Caesar and put it on a statue of horse. Would this by any chance be a fraternity of sociopaths? If the Betas did do this, I will withdraw their certification. Stolen cadaver was male, 73 years old. His snowmobile fell through the ice. Donated his body to science. Yeah, snowmobilers and motorcyclists are our main source of cadavers. No. The third molar has not fully erupted. I'd be surprised if he was older than mid-20s. This is not the missing cadaver? I think you'll find your missing medical school cadaver is over there. - Where? - Sitting on the bleachers. - He hasn't moved since we got here. - No, that's just campus security. They're always like that. But I'll go check it out. So if he is not a stolen cadaver, then... He wasn't alive when our students shot him with the cannon, was he? I won't know cause of death until I get him back to the lab. Yeah, she's right. It's your cadaver. He reeks of formaldehyde. Let's get it all back to the Jeffersonian, shall we? Looks like someone took a flamethrower to Sasquatch. This is what he was supposed to look like. Someone finally killed a mascot? - Mr. Vaziri, do you have the X-rays? - Yes. I have never seen so many foreign objects in human remains. Arrows, marbles, jacks, various coins, cutlery. My best guess is a nuclear explosion occurred just as the victim entered a 99 cent store. Well... close. He was shot by a blunderbuss, pelted by an angry mob and then burned. Now that's what I call team spirit. I'm a wisecracking pathologist with a dark sense of humor. It was funny. Yeah. Bones - Season 4 Episode 24 "The Beaver in the Otter" Synchro: ShalimarFox Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- What did they say? Dishonorable discharge? Court-martial convicted me of misuse of authority - and theft of government property. - No Booth has ever gotten a dishonorable discharge. Yeah, no Booth has ever had to save his brother from an insane kidnapper. I'm sorry. I owed you for digging me out of crap my whole life. You're gonna need a job. I joined the navy when I was 17. So a job, that's what civilians refer to as "duty," right? Angela identified the boy in the otter suit. - That was quick. Give me a second. - Are you talking to me? No, I'm talking to my brother. Just one minute. Do your thing. I'll catch up with you later. - Look, I'll help you find a job. - What, me? I save your life, you find me a job. Yeah, seems fair. Yeah. I'm back. The student walk-in dentist was able to provide dental records. I e-mailed you the particulars. The victim is James Bouvier. His friends called him "Beaver," I assume because of his last name. I'm sure that's why. Although, despite the similar sound, "bouvier" means ox, not beaver. Beaver is 23 years old and a member of the Beta Delta Sigma fraternity. That's not a coincidence. Statistically, given the size of the campus, it could be a complete coincidence that the murdered student is also a member of the group of sociopathic young male cadaver thieves. Statistically, maybe. But this is not math class, OK, Bones? Just meet me at Middlesex College in 30 minutes. Don't mention anything about Beaver at these people. - What people? - These people here. They're all potential suspects. Got it? Okay, so who organized the rally last night? That would be me and Gary. That's, Greg Harmalard and Gary Bacon. The bonfire is kind of a tradition. Me and Gary added the whole hanging the enemy mascot element. Molly brought in the band and took care of letting everyone know the where and when details. Well, just an e-mail chain, really. - Whose idea was the blunderbuss? - Me again. You have to understand that we had no idea there was a cadaver in there. It's from the med school? That's what I heard. Okay, who stole the Otter costume from Forest Lake? Me, Greg and Dave. When you stole the costume, was there anything inside of it? Nothing. I mean, there was the dancing acrobat dude, whatever, but we duct-taped him to a pole and took the suit. Where was the costume located between the time you stole it and it was hung on the gallows, blown up and incinerated? Well, we just kicked it under there. It's a homecoming float. Me, Dave and Greg stuffed it with cafeteria leftovers in plastic bags. - The head was a cantaloupe. - Next day, we brought in Dave's dad's truck, hung it up, drove it out to the rally. So are any of you guys members of the Beta Delta Sigma fraternity? The Betas don't build school spirit, they tear it down. So definitely not. Any of you know a guy by the name of Jimmy Bouvier? Also known as Beaver. He's a Beta. He's got a huge bong. Beaver's okay. You know, he's a good time guy. He likes to throw up a lot is all I know. But if anybody was gonna put a cadaver in an otter costume, it... it'd be Beaver. I'll bet he was watching everyone screaming last night and laughing his ass off. This is a commemorative pin from the Chinese Olympics. It was in what's left of the victim's liver. Ball bearing. All this stuff is extremely common. Nails, screws, bolts, washers, keys... What is this? My guess, it's a USB drive. What kind of people do this? Perforate human remains with household commonalities and refuse. Gee, I don't know. Every bomber who ever lived. Did you make that comment simply because I am Muslim? - You serious? - Of course. Timothy McVeigh, Ted Kaczynski, William Ayres, Mr. George P. Metesky, known as the original Mad Bomber. Seems an insurmountable task, this. Each of these could have been the cause of death, and yet we will not be able to trace its... Trace its...? What? ... origin. - This is a bullet. - 22 caliber. A bullet says "I wish to kill you" much more clearly than an Olympic pin. - Can we agree? - Yeah. I'm Robert Hooper, the Beta Delta chapter president. Dalton Abbot; he helped the Beaver steal the corpse from the med school. We don't care about the cadaver. We want to find who killed your brother. We agreed before you guys got here that we'd answer any and all questions you have, truthfully. A conspiracy to tell the truth. Interesting. Eli was the Beaver's frosh. You know, kind of breaking him into the Greek life. What was Beaver like? He was the most popular guy in the house. No, I asked, "What was he like?" Not, "Was he liked?" What? There's a difference. The Beaver was exactly like a great guy who everybody liked. What was Beaver's life like outside of the fraternity? Like Eli said, everybody liked him. Well, except for the faculty. He was on academic probation. But academic probation is the price you pay for everybody liking you. Girlfriend? Or is this one of those bros before hos kind of frats? Beaver was more like a partier. Well, we do know that Beaver was with at least one girl. - Why? What makes you think so? - Scoreboard. - What? - Beaver, one star, one conquest. So do the stars here represent the number of times individual members of the fraternity completed the sex act or the number of girls? The second. Just curious, do you also compare penis sizes? No, only if we're really drunk and already naked. - What? - What? I... We agreed to answer all their questions truthfully. Dalton Abbot. Very successful, according to this. Compensating for something. Sweets, stop psychoanalyzing frat life, just get on with the Beaver questions. Sure, of course. Guys, wouldn't it be more impressive to actually have a single girl want to have sex with you multiple times? Unless your only objective is to impress other adolescent males. - Guys, Beaver's single star? - Molly Briggs. Thank you. Guys, we agreed, for the last time. If Harmalard found out that Beaver was bouncing Molly, he'd kill him. Greg Harmalard? The guy who organized the bonfire? Yeah. Yeah, Molly's boyfriend. He's in ROTC. They like shooting things. Yeah. They keep track of sexual conquests with stars on the wall? - It's emotionally stunted. - Guys, it's a college fraternity. They seem like really terrible people. They're college kids, OK? Their job description is to be bad. It's what they do. Yeah, but still. A community of young men mutually supporting bad decisions? Look, these kids, they go out into the world, they're alone, they've no supervision. They have to be bad in order to figure out what it is. Scientific fact, their frontal lobes are the size of raisins. No, that is not a scientific fact. What they got to do is build their frontal lobes with exercise, OK? And that comes from doing the wrong thing. So, you're theory is, you got to be bad to be good? Exactly. Facts of life, my friend. What transmissions did you get from the brothers? Booth, he is not a radio. He kind of is. That's why I brought him. What I did observe, using my eyes and my traing, is that these 3 frat brothers weren't actually upset about Beaver's death. - How do you know? - Well, real grief comes and goes in waves. These guys had their faces set in sadness the whole time. - They were lying. - I believe you're just guessing. Fine. I'm a Magic 8 Ball. - I think you hurt his feelings. - But... Did you believe him? The bullet Arastoo found in the victim's remains was a 22 caliber. - Light and relatively undamaged. - Low-pressure rimfire cartridge. Which is consistent with ROTC small arms. So, you recognize this pistol? Yes, sir. It's a Beretta U22 Neos, LR with a six inch barrel, ten round capacity, low blade front sights and adjustable rear sights. I'm in ROTC. I know my weapons. You should know this one particularly well because it was last signed out to you. FBI ballistics has ascertained that this gun fired this bullet. - Where did you find the bullet? - In Beaver's corpse. - Beaver's dead? - He's catching on pretty good. Wait, I never shot Beaver. Did you fire this gun at the rally? Yes, sir, I did, but I loaded it with blanks. That was Beaver hanging in the Otter mascot outfit? He's quite adept at putting the puzzle together. - What he was doing in there? - We were hoping that maybe - you'ld be able to tell us. - Look, I told you. - I loaded the gun with blanks. - Did you check the chamber? I think so. Well, obviously, you are either careless or you intended to fire the bullet. Or somebody, you know, sabotaged me. Beaver had to be hanging up there for at least an hour before... No way that Beaver was still alive when I fired, right? I had no idea it was Beaver. I had no reason to shoot him. Except for the fact that he slept with your girlfriend. I don't... I don't want to sound conceited, but look at Beaver. Look at Molly. Look at me. Me and Beaver? Sexually? Do I look like a blow-up doll? Beaver told his fraternal brothers that he had sex with you. Yeah? Well, he lied. Look, I'll give you DNA or whatever you want. And then you can do me a favor and broadcast the results across the campus. Thanks. We don't have anything to compare her DNA to. I have an idea. We're going to collect his sheets off his bed? Yes. And then we will check them for DNA, see if he had sexual intercourse with Molly Briggs. Who's going to check the kid's sheets? Seems like a bad job to me. Gentlemen, raise your glasses. Members of Beta Delta Sigma, I ask that you form in your mind your favorite image of our fallen brother, Jimmy "the Beaver" Bouvier. - Why are they all wearing bedsheets? - It's a toga memorial. And with that image firm in your mind, I say, drink! Excuse me? Why did yout take the sheets from Beaver's room? 'Cause that room is sealed for evidence and you will be prosecuted. Good one, now no one's going to admit to having Beaver's sheets. Then, we'll have to take them all. You can take mine, pretty lady. Yeah, yeah. You heard them, boys. Give them your sheets. I'll meet you back at the lab, okay? Can... Can I offer you anything, ma'am? No. - What do you think? - Yeah, it's nice. Not really going to do you much good here in the wintertime. That's for sure. You're always practical? - Listen, I got you a job interview. - Yeah? An army buddy of mine is looking for someone to head up his criminal intelligence unit. You found me a job in less than 24 hours? - Just an interview. You want my car? - No. Jared, you can't show up to a job interview on a bike. I'm not going to the interview. - Why? - Because I don't want a job. - I'm going on a trip. - You're going on a trip? Where? I've always wanted to see India. Without, you know, spying on Pakistan. I see. So you're going to somehow get this bike to India, ride it around? What if it breaks down? What are you going to do for parts? What am I going to do for parts if it breaks down in India? - That's all you have to say? - Just go on the interview. Would you... You forgot to tell me to get shots and not to talk to strangers. So, were you able to match sheets with boys? Believe me, there was enough DNA on these sheets to paint a very clear picture of life at Beta Delta Sigma. For example, these 2 boys were carrying on a sexual relationship with each other. Those 2 guys are sleeping with the same girl. Although, refreshingly, not at the same time. What about Beaver? - Lots and lots of DNA. - All of it his own. There was no DNA on any of the sheets that could be Molly Briggs'? Vaginal contributions were found on eight of the sets of sheets. None from Molly Briggs. But Dr. Hodgins did find something more than semen on Beaver's sheets. Yeah, I found evidence of vegetable-based Lanol, assorted liposomes, Sepigel, and micronized estriol. - Ointment. - From the stain's position on the sheet and its shape, which was approximately 3 inches long by 1 and one-quarter inch wide... Okay, we get it. ... the substance appears to have transferred from the victim's... penis directly to the bedsheet. Adolescent males will use almost any available lubricant when masturbating. Even estrogen cream? A more plausible scenario has got Beaver sexing it up at a different location then coming home to his own bed naked and, I refer again to the imprint. - Sex with... - An older woman. Yeah. - Yeah, most likely menopausal. - Molly Briggs is 20. Also, I finished my autopsy and the bullet shot by Greg Harmalard - was definitely not cause of death. - He was dead when it struck him? - For at least 12 hours. - So, we still have no cause of death. Well, I got a theory. Kid died of dehydration. Forgot to replenish his fluids. - What are we looking for this time? - You know, photos, love notes... I don't know. Fur, gray hair... Anything that's going to help us identify Beaver's cougar. Beaver, otter, cougar... This case is like a day at the zoo. A cougar is an older woman who prefers younger men. Wouldn't that indicate that every woman is a cougar? Thanks for the insight there, Bones. Okay, what's the, victim's birth date? 11-05-89. I'm Jared's older brother. He should listen to me. I could provide you with several societies where younger brothers are require dunder threat of death to do what their older brothers tell them. - I like those societies. - They're mostly extinct now. Did you give me Beaver's birth date the scientific way? Day, month, year. If you want month, day, year... 05-11-89. Look at that. Next time I ask you a question, just answer it in American. That's all. - Kid had some cash. - Maybe he was a drug dealer. What are those? Some kind of code books? You got that right. Was our victim some kind of spy? It's worse. He was some kind of bookie. - Well, Booth mostly broke the code. - That's right. Column one is initials and nicknames. Beaver had approximately 50 regular clients. Column two is the day of the week. What is the significance of this sequence? "Foot, bat, pig, dimple, fish." Those are sports he took bets on. Football, basketball, baseball, soccer, golf. Beaver had over $2,000 in the suitcase. This whole operation generated $12,000 this year. No wonder this kid did not want to lose academic standing. All right, now, 3 of these people, Zimmer, CC, and 4x4... they all owed him over three grand apiece. - Do you think that could be motive? - I bet those are the 3 guys - Sweets said were faking grief. - Yeah, that is worth looking into. Okay, I found something else in his computer. A month ago, he hacked into the university's computer system, and went straight to the chemistry professor's secure server and downloaded the exam. This guy was a true entrepreneur. Yeah. It was the third time he hacked into the chemistry page. Who was the professor? Professor Marlene Twardosh. Out of all the damages the victim's remains suffered from the blunderbuss, 23 fractures. I discovered only three that occurred before he died. Do any of them offer us cause of death? I think not. Both wrists sustained compression fractures. The right radius, the left ulna and significant chipping to both the proximal and distal carpal rows, and compression of the lateral epicondyles. - What about the third? - Compression fracture here, at the coccyx and the apex of the sacrum. These injuries appear to have occurred at the same time. He fell backwards, tried to break his fall with his hands stretched behind him. Dr. Hodgins had an idea of how to figure out the height from which the victim fell. This should be good. The FBI is investigating student cheating? Who says America undervalues education? Did any of your students do suspiciously well on your last exam? Starting with James Bouvier. Beaver has never done suspiciously well at anything, Agent Booth. He was about to be expelled because he failed my course. Did he show any signs that he wanted to do any better? You mean, begging for mercy or offering bribes and sexual favors? - That sort of thing? - Do you use an estrogen cream? No. I make do with the meager hormones I produce naturally. Why? Did you have sexual intercourse with him? What are you...? I was joking about the sexual favors. Also about the bribes? My God, you people are humorless. Five students failed this exam. It was a tough exam. They got exactly the same score: 37%. What are the chances of that? I teach chemistry. You'll have to ask Professor DeWitt in Statistics. The same five students did extremely well on the two tests preceding this one. - What are you getting at? - I believe Professor Twardosh realized that these students had stolen her tests in the past, and instead of informing the university, she planted a fake test online. To turn her students in? No. That would result in hearings and excuses and tears and parents. I hate parents. Your college experience was with professors. Mine was with students and jocks. What are you getting at here? I believe Professor Twardosh took revenge against unethical students who had no respect for knowledge. - And you approve? - Yes, I do. Beaver was obviously an emerging criminal. Thank you. I may need you to testify at my termination hearing when the university finds out. Can I ask you one question? What floor is your office on? - The third floor. - Over grass? Over flagstones. On my bad days, I consider jumping. You're a forensic anthropologist, correct? - Would it kill me? - No, Professor Twardosh. It would probably just break a few bones. That's good to know. So, I checked out the nicknames of the kids who owed Beaver money. Are those the guys you picked out as not being sad he was dead? Yeah. You're walking pretty fast. So, any of those 3 frat guys set off your psycho-killer alarm? No, no, no. They display a fairly banal mix of social awkwardness, narcissism, inappropriate fantasies, all within the normal range. Even the ROTC guy? Well, like most overachievers, he displays a slight Oedipal neuroses. Will you tell me why you're so agitated? You know what? My brother Jared is ruining his life. He's drinking again? I'm sure he was dried out before his court-martial. Then why the recent urge to self-destruct? I set up a perfectly great job interview for him. But instead, you know what he decides to do? He wants to just travel across India on his motorcycle. Yeah, that's right. Talk about a narcissistic dependence on stupidity! You or him? This is exactly why I don't talk to you about these kind of things. I'm gonna suggest that you're jealous of your brother's decision. I don't want to go to India. You feel trapped here by your responsible nature, your job, your interpersonal relations. - What? - Whereas Jared is completely free. I am free. I am free as a bird. Free to do whatever I want. Yeah, but what you're not free to do is control your brother's life. Control Jared? Good luck with that one. It's not for a lack of trying. Of course, you could always get a motorbike and go with him. Motorbike. A motorbike is used for people who deliver pizzas in Amsterdam. You know, India is large. It's vast. Get a motorcycle. Right. I'd get an American motorcycle. This dummy is exactly the same weight as the victim, correct? 69.853 kilograms, yes. And why are we the only ones here? I... asked everyone to leave. OK, now, I've installed force sensors in the wrists and the back of the spine. We should be able to gauge the height from which the victim fell to within a few centimeters after only a few trials. Why did you ask everyone to leave? - Are we doing something shameful? - No, it's just... last time I dropped something from up there, it bounced and injured... an innocent bystander. But nobody's here this time so... Coccyx test number one, Dr. Jack Hodgins supervising. No. No, no, no. I... No. - But... - No. No. Stop. This is an unnecessary experiment. The height of the fall can be calculated mathematically. That is true, but I decided to humor Dr. Hodgins so we could bond over a project. - Why do you need to bond? - He mistrusts Muslims. Go grab a beer together, but I am saying no to this experiment. Yeah, I got that during the part where you said "No" 7 times in a row. I find that you don't pay attention to the first six. He can't drink beer. He's Muslim! All right. Hodgins and Arastoo have an estimate of how far the victim fell. 1.37 meters onto a hard surface. You know what this means? Yup. Dr. Brennan's gonna stare at the bones until they speak to her. So, rock, paper, scissors to see who stays to baby-sit her? Best two out of three. Damn. Cam? Booth will want to know. I found cause of death. All right. Professor Twardosh was not Beaver's sex partner.</i> Okay, did anyone think that? Honestly? Because I did not. Booth believes that the cringe factor was too high, even though cringe factor is not a valid mathematical construct. Believe me, it is, okay? So, the three boys that owe Beaver the money all have alibis. Four people bought the bogus exam from Beaver. All members of the golf team. At the time of his death, though, they were at a tournament in North Carolina. Great. So all we know now is that golfers cheat a lot. We know that Beaver was killed by being stabbed in the chest. Very small hole. Perhaps an ice pick? It punctured his aorta. He bled to death. We also know that shortly before he died, he fell backward 1.37 meters, fracturing his wrists and his coccyx. So he was stabbed and he fell backwards. That makes sense. Something's bothering me about this. I went through that kid's computer, and there's absolutely no indication that he had the skill to hack into the university's secure server. Yeah, well, he probably got his fraternity brothers to hack in for him. Mr. Vaziri and I will figure out exactly what weapon killed Beaver. - Great. - What are you going to do? - Something personal. - What? Personal. Personal means personal, you know? Not for the public. I'm... I'm not the public. You know, the roads suck in India when they're dry. And they turn into rivers when the monsoons come. Trucks don't even give way to anyone. Will you give the lifeguard thing a rest? The State Department has advised that there's a heightened security concern for anyone traveling alone in India. Then come with me. That way you can watch over me every minute. You know, everywhere you've gone, you've always had the full might of the United States government behind you. Yeah, I know. You were a frontline guy, a fire-eater, and I was just some rear echelon wimp. - I never said that. - You're so worried, come along. Then I'll have the full might of Seeley Booth behind me. Seriously? I didn't think you were serious. I wasn't when I said it... but now I am. Yeah, I'm serious. You want me to come to India with you? Ball's in your court, brother. I'm a freshman pledge. Beaver was kinda like my mentor in the fraternity. When Beaver, uh, your mentor, asked you to hack into Professor Twardosh's files to steal tests, what did you think? At first, I said no. - But you know what? - He was your brother. That's right. He was a brother who was on academic probation. I mean, he was gonna get expelled if he didn't pass the Chem course. Plus, I know it may not have looked like it from the outside, but... Beaver was a great guy. So, I had to help him. Our computer expert said that some info was erased from Beaver's hard drive. Erased by someone who knew what they were doing. That was me, too. JPEG files. I think about 30 of them. - Digital photographs. - Yeah. I didn't see any of them, but before I permanently deleted them, he had asked to put four specific ones onto a USB drive. So I did. Look... I told you everything okay? But if my college finds out that I hacked into the Chem test, they're gonna kick me to the curb, okay? They don't care about brothers. Well, I care about brothers who are great guys, Eli. But more importantly, I report to the FBI, not Middlesex College. Thanks. - What do you got? - We found the hacker, who told Sweets he put some very sensitive images on a USB for Beaver. A damaged USB drive was amongst the shrapnel that Mr. Vaziri removed from the remains. There are four JPEG files on this drive. Two of them are total goners. But here's what I got from number three. Concentrate there. Looks like a face. Yeah, that's Beaver. - Is he being tortured? - Not exactly. That's a sex face. Can you pull up anything else and see who he's with? But this one's almost done. - Is that a cougar? - She could be in her 40s. Okay, print it. We'll see which member of the faculty this one is. There is no accelerated compression of the bone around the wound. So, the shaft of the weapon was uniform in thickness. If there were no lip on the outside, then we'd know it was a projectile that caused the wound. Yes, a one way trip, so to speak. But since there was a lip, we know it was a return trip for the weapon into the aorta and back. As the weapon entered, it was going substantially faster than when it was with drawn. A shaft of consistent width. Someone hammered a nail into the victim then pulled it out? No, not hammered, Mr. Vaziri. Shot. A nail gun. You recognize this woman, Dean Warner? Yes, I know this woman. - Where did you get the photo? - Off the victim's computer. Who is she? Her name is Meredith Warner. He is my wife. We've been trying to track down your wife, and guess what? It's been a week since anyone saw her. You think I killed my wife and James Bouvier? Have you seen the photographs before? Yes, just over a week ago. Which is when I suggested to Meredith that it was a good time to visit her sister in Toronto. Why was it a good time? Because the boy threatened to put the photos of them together all over the Internet if I didn't let him stay in school. Beaver failed his chemistry test. You were going to expel him. Yeah, I declined to be blackmailed. Did the photos ever appear on the Internet? They did not. Is that because you killed Beaver? I have nothing more to say to you except that I did not kill the boy. I'm even a little sorry that he's dead. So, either arrest me and let me call my lawyer or let me go. Okay. Vernon Warner, I am placing you under arrest for the murder of James Bouvier. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to remain silent... It doesn't make sense. I mean, logically, It doesn't make sense. I know. The dean kills the kid with a nail gun, then places him in the mascot costume that's full of leftovers? - It doesn't make sense. - That's what I said. That's what I'm saying, too. It doesn't make sense. - Why did you arrest him? - Pissed me off, Instead of helping us, he starts screaming for a lawyer. Jared wants me to go to India with him. - Indiana? - India, okay? Taj Mahal, cows, tigers, cobras, Slumdog Millionaire. I know. Are you going? - We don't like each other. - So, not going? - But, he's my brother so, I love him. - I'm confused. You are going? I mean, Jared should not go to India alone. - He'll get into all kinds of trouble. - You said he's never been alone. Exactly, you know what? He'll get eaten alive. Well, if you go with him, then he won't be alone. You won't let him be bad, and his frontal lobe will always be the size of a raisin. That's what you said. Makes no scientific sense. Yeah, you said. Got it. I did an inventory of the nails found in the victim's body. There were 36. Arastoo, we know the nail that pierced the aorta was pulled out of the victim. Yes, but I thought perhaps the killer didn't throw it away. Perhaps he simply left it on the body. - One never knows. - One never does. I examined the nails very carefully for marks that would confirm it was shot from a nail gun. A nail gun leaves distinctive marks. Not from the hammering mechanism, you understand, but from the reloading mechanism. Why are you telling me this? Dr. Brennan said to be especially polite to you when the science was difficult. How stupid do you people think I am? - Yeah? - Do you recognize this nail? She's the one you want. Beaver came up to me. I was working on the float. He was always hitting on me. - You didn't like Jimmy? - Not in that way, you know? Why did you, shoot Beaver with the nail gun? Look, everybody went for a coffee. I stayed. Beaver must've been waiting 'cause he shows up and he's all, "Come on, everybody thinks we're doing it. You might as well make it official." And I've been up all night. All night, right? - Working. - So, he moves in closer and sticks his tongue right in my mouth. - That's assault. - Right, that is assault. You're right, it's assault. Go on. And, you know, I've got this nail gun, and I just pull the trigger and... Beaver falls off the float onto his back and he's hurt. He's hurt with this nail sticking out of his chest and he says, "Pull it out! Pull it out!" And I say to him, I've seen on TV, things like this, you leave it in. Leave it in! But he pulls it out himself. You're right. And he dies. Everybody believed that we were sleeping together. Maybe they would believe I killed him. So, I put his body in the mascot uniform before anyone came back. I have to admit, I'm impressed that you picked her out of the crowd. How did you do it? You're not going to believe me anyway. You're just going to say I guessed. Have it your way. I guessed. No, I don't think you're serious. I'd like to know what you saw. Thank you so much. - You're not coming, are you? - You really want me to? Does it matter? You know, I was going to, I really was, but, I think you should go alone. - You think it's a good idea for me? - Yeah, I do... Alone. Our whole lives as kids, I was always standing behind you. Or you had the navy standing behind you. But this time, you know, I think you should stand alone. - You don't need your big brother. - Thanks. So, come as a friend. We both know I'm not your friend. I'm your big brother. Yep. Right. Right, so... I got you something. - It's Grandpa's St. Christopher medal. - No, no. It's a new one. I got you that. It looks like the one Grandpa gave you. No... Grandpa gave me mine when I was shipped out to the Rangers. This one, I'm giving to you. Patron saint of travelers. Kept me safe in Somalia. Let's hope it does the same for you in India. You know, wear it around your neck. I don't know, man. Am I alone if I take a saint with me? You're not alone. All right. Thanks. Your jacket. - How did he take it? - Like Jared. Meaning I have no idea. So... do you... Do you really think you have to be bad to be good? Yeah, I do. Well, I've never done anything bad. - I believe you. - I mean, I've made mistakes, of course, but I've never purposely - done anything bad. - And I believe you. I don't want my frontal lobe to be a dried-up raisin. You know what? We are gonna do something bad now. - What? - Have you ever dined and dashed? You know the concept? We're gonna run out of here without paying the bill. No, that's stealing. That's why they call it "bad." We're doing something bad. You ready? I can't, really. - No! Are you serious? - One... - Two... - No... Oh, my God! Are you serious? Go, go, go, go. Oh, God, we're bad! We're bad! Easy, easy, easy, easy! - Get in the car!