they can find? Don't be such a snob, Bones. Okay, not everyone gets to play in a multi-million- dollar lab, you know, with skylights... It's because, as a society, we feel the need to hide death away. The people who deal with the dead are viewed as freaks. Yeah. I don't know if it's the basement thing, but this guy you're about to meet-- Harry-- he's a bit twisted. You probably think I get some kind of rush when I work, that I'm somehow titillated. Uh, choice of words, Bones, choice of words. Agent Booth. Harry Tepper, meet Dr. Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian. Hmm, I've read her. Hello. She's good. Read your novel, too. The heroine's very aggressive. Harry, you want to...? Okay, everybody, meet Ted Macy. Body was found in a national park. Local coroner wrote it off as some kind of an accidental drowning, but you see, we have to investigate every death on federal land. During my examination, I found he had a crushed larynx. That didn't seem accidental. This is a corpse with skin. She <i>is</i> good. Why am I here? Relax, Bones. I didn't bring you here to examine the body. I want you to see what they found in his hand. Harry, the bone? What is that? It's a phalanx. Finger bone. Figured she'd know that. Yeah, I'd figure any competent medical examiner would know not to compromise evidence. Is this Lysol IC? We use it to decontaminate remains. Are you trying to break down the periosteal surface of the bone, wreak havoc on the marrow? Did you even dilute this? Bones... What?! You've removed particulates and trace elements that could potentially lead us to his killer. Is this your first day on the job? 18 years next month. She's intense. Native American. British Colonial. American Revolutionary. Hey, what are we playing? Dr. Brennan, the destroyer of evidence is here. Okay, I assume that's a joke, so nobody gets hurt. Did Harry really mess up that bone? He dissolved any traces of ingrained particulates on the surface, but we were still able to save some valuable attributes. Like what? Alternating sclerotic and porotic areas on subperiosteal surface demonstrates that whoever this was suffered from tertiary syphilis. Tertiary syphilis. Whoa. Wow, that's the worst. It was a common ailment in the 17th century. Which is where the bone dates from. Say what? We ran a radiocarbon dating test. The finger's over 300 years old. It's a unique find for the area. I'm going to change to French trapper. You can't change yours. Booth, where did they find the victim? They shipped him over from some resort town next to a federal seaside reserve: Assateague Island. That's where the Money Pit is. Money Pit? Legend is, Assateague Island is where Blackbeard buried his treasure. For 300 years, people have been trying to find it. They've dug it out to something like 150 feet, but they've found nothing. Every time they come close, they trigger a baffle that floods the pit with sea water. Booby traps. Cool. The body was found at a dig site. This is the first concrete evidence that the treasure is more than a legend. I'll bet this is from one of the men who buried the treasure. Pure conjecture. Pirate. Pirate? Pirate? It's a pirate. "You can't change yours." Wait, so the victim finds evidence that the treasure exists. Somebody else wants it all for themselves. That's certainly... that's a good motive for murder. I'll be glad to help. That's okay. I-I can handle it. Come on, man, share the wealth. We're looking for answers, Jack, not treasure. Do you really think that treasure exists down there? What do you think? Why are you guys smiling? Pirates! It's a guy thing, sweetie. So, the dead guy, Macy, ran the dig? With his partner, Hardewicke. They were hired by anyone with money to burn. What, people would do that? Sane people look for treasure? Well, isn't that what archeologists do? Archeologists are scientists who use evidence on which to base their explorations, not some pirate movie they saw when they were ten. Yeah, well, that, uh, 300-year-old bone that we just found sort of, uh, changes things now, doesn't it there, matey? What's going on over there? The mayor told me to let him in. Branson Rose is funding this dig? Has been for two years. But I heard he was pulling out. All right, thanks. I'll take it from here. Sure. Who's Branson Rose? The billionaire adventurer. You know, he made his fortune making aircraft for the military. He owns about half the world. He's the guy who has that reality show that goes all over the world and... Still no TV? Why do I even bother? You can't pull out now, Mr. Rose. We got a contract. So you can sue, but I don't think you have the resources to take me on. Mr. Rose, we just broke 200 feet! I've been hearing that for two years, Hardewicke. Get off your asses and load my gear! Excuse me? Mr. Rose, Macy-- he knew it. He felt it. This close! Excuse me. ROSE: Two years, $2 million. There's nothing down there, Giles. Macy died for nothing. FBI! You're all under arrest! Come on, Bones, you don't get to say that. I'm the one with the badge. The FBI's involved now? Oh, yeah. You know, murder on federal land-- we like to, uh, poke around a little. Murder? Yeah, murder. You said it was an accident. That's what I thought. Oh, my God... He found something. Put my stuff back now! What did Macy find that would be worth killing him for? Cync by xxy In 1832, a team of six men looking for the treasure were killed when a shaft they were digging collapsed. Blackbeard's curse, man. A curse? We're scientists. Look at this. 1902. Two men disappeared while digging. Never found their bodies. Oh, that's very cursey. So you believe in pirates? Pirates aren't Santa, Zack. They did exist. They did have treasures, and they did bury it. You know, I had an eye patch when I was six. Who didn't, my friend? Who didn't? It's not necessary to lead me like a child. I'd rather not have any more evidence compromised. You're squeezing my arm very tightly. Sorry. No, no, it's okay. You can give it to Dr. Hodgins. What is this? Soil and water collected from Ted Macy's throat and lungs. He was found floating in his dry suit at the top of the shaft. All right, you know what? We need you to do your dirt thing. You know, match the slime to the crime, make sure that's where he was killed. I'd like to look at X rays of the victim's skeleton. Bossy. Do not go there. In the interest of being thorough, I need to determine if he died at the top or died at the bottom and floated up. I need silt abstracts from both levels. Fine. We'll get those for you. No, no. No. The soil looks like an odd mixture of clay, plagioclase feldspar, pyroxene... I really wouldn't trust anyone else to harvest the samples properly. You just want to look for treasure. I am a serious scientist merely trying to do my job as well as possible. That shaft is over 200 feet deep, you know. It requires an experienced diver. I am a certified cave diver, which means I can go deeper than 200 feet. I dove Mayan Blue, Dos Ojos, Tortuga... Ever dive Naharon? Once. I named Naharon. Well, then how can you say no to me? Okay... but just to collect soil samples. Of course. So, you dive, too? I have the time because I don't own a TV. You wear a rubber suit, then? Accidents happen, you know. Macy and I were prepared for that, but murder? Murder. Wow. Anything I can do to help... Okay, we'll talk about that a little later. Right now, I want to get Hodgins down that shaft. Dane McGinnis. He-he's the best I know. Uh, he's worked for us for years. Agent Booth? Are you Agent Booth? You're going to have to stay behind the yellow tape. I'm Mayor Ney. Your men keep pushing our tourists further and further back. Mayor? Wow. I-I hope you didn't look like that when they elected you. Blackbeard's treasure is what keeps the economy on this little island running. sometimes too intensely. Hey, I'm not ashamed. I've increased tourism 63% since I took office, and I can boost it a bit more if the tourists could get a closer look. It's a murder scene, not a show. Blackbeard's curse. Macy would've wanted to give a little back to the town that he loved. Frank, the police are telling them no pictures. Now, who is this, huh? The Pirate Queen? That's right. My wife, Katie. That's right. Great. Listen, you just tell the tourists that the bad view is part of the curse. Will you please escort the pirate and his wench behind the yellow tape? Thank you. I'm the mayor of this town... So, Dane-- he's, uh, an experienced guy? I've worked with hundreds. He's the best. All right. I hope this guy knows what he's doing, 'cause it's tight down there. Avast, ye lubbers! Whoo! Dane, let's get him ready. You think it's a pirate? It's a 300-year-old finger from the left hand of a male. That's all I'm sure of so far. Worth killing for? I worked a case once where a woman was killed, dismembered and burned because her friend thought she'd taken her favorite pair of slippers. Cheery. Maybe they're right. Maybe this man died burying the treasure. Ironic... stealing all that and never enjoying the spoils. So you believe there's treasure? I believe there's greed. That's the real curse. All right, safety line, air hose. Either one breaks, you ain't coming back up. You got to work on your bedside manner, dude. You know, I don't want to be responsible for some weekender who buys it down there because he thinks he's better than he is. You want to go down, don't you? It's my shaft, okay? I've been working it ten years. But the Feds-- they say it's a crime scene, so I can't help. You're helping me. BOOTH: Why's he need the air line? Why can't he just use the tank? Because around 100 foot down, the shaft gets a little cozy. You ain't afraid of a tight squeeze, are you, Doc? Gloves. Just take it slow, okay? There's a lot of stuff to catch your hose on on the way down. Yeah, I saw the pictures Rose took. Rose. He never went as far as you're going. No one has. Maybe he shouldn't try, you know? People have died down there, not just Macy. I know. My brother was one of them. I'm going all the way down. What's at 200 feet? We just hit 200 last week. You're going to have to tell me. Well, I'm ready. Okay. Your friend better be as good as he says he is. You just feed him that hose. Hodgins, you read me? I hear you loud <i>and</i> clear. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hodgins? It's warm. Passing the first flood trap. We lost our first man there. There's wood here below the limestone. Does he make any sense to you? Oh, yeah. He's passing the site of the first pit collapse. It's tight down here. There's lots of debris. Not sure I can squeeze through. Hey, this guy swims like a squid. Actually, he swims like a squint. What? Never mind. Okay, I'm clear now. DANE: Good picture, too. We can't get resolution like that. Yeah, well, he's a geek who works for the government. You ever find anything down here? Not yet. Ten years of finding nothing, and you keep trying. It's all about the search, man. He's at 170 feet. One-eighty. One-ninety. No one's ever been this deep. He's at 200. Touch down. I am on the bottom. Visibility is surprisingly good. Wait a minute. There's-there's something here. Holy... What is that? Whoa, is that...? Oh, my God. Is that...? I'm amazed you found a complete skeleton. C-14 dating matches at 300 years. Subject is male, early twenties, approximately five feet... six inches. Legs are bowed, result of visible calcium and phosphate deficiency. He had rickets as a child, but his upper body is extraordinarily well-developed. Epiphyseal separation in the long bones. Sunken sternum forms scorbutic rosary at costochondral margin. He suffered from scurvy, as well as tertiary syphilis. What's with the tertiary? Isn't plain all syphilis bad enough? Scurvy, syphilis. Pirate. There is anthropological evidence which supports the claim that Blackbeard executed his burial crews after they were done digging. Okay. Let's say it's a pirate. Yes! Oh! This would be an extraordinary find. And would open up the reality of the treasure. It would be stupid to dismiss anything at this point. But we need to discover why the ossein isn't fully decomposed from being waterlogged for so long. About 50 feet down the shaft, is a layer of blue putty, consisting of silicon and clay. It can be used to form a watertight seal. That would explain the condition of the bones. I took samples of the same blue clay between 200 and 207 feet. Something is buried down there. And these bones were lying on top of it. Macy was killed because of something that he found. Silt in his throat and lungs confirms he was killed at the top of the shaft. After he swam back up with the treasure. Special Agent Booth. I hate to interrupt your investigation, Agent Booth, but there's an angry billionaire in my office, and he won't go away. It's simple. You have something that belongs to me, and I'm not leaving here without it. A day ago, you couldn't wait to leave. Pull out of the island, cut your losses. You remember that? A lot can change in a day. Yeah. For Ted Macy, a lot changed. Look, I'm sorry about Ted, but I'll be damned if the federal government swoops in here at the eleventh hour and steals what I've been trying to find for two years. I fail to see what this has to do with the Jeffersonian. Those bones belong to me. They were uncovered at my site. I was granted a permit to dig there and keep what was found. My attorneys assure me, you have no claim to those bones. Sure, I mean, your attorney wants to go to court for the next 20 years, and buy himself a nice vacation home in Tuscany, but the fact is, when Ted Macy was murdered, your property became our evidence. And it's going to stay that way until we find the killer. I was hoping to settle this amicably. Really? Because, you know, we haven't seen that yet. Nah. This is going to be a headache. He has some very important friends. I don't understand why he's so upset. It's not like he needs the money. But he has partners that do. Macy and Hardewicke were going to split what they found. But Macy is dead. Exactly. Leaving Hardewicke with a bigger piece of the pie. This is from our very first dig together. Oh, we found this-this chest buried under a flood drain up in Smith's Cove in New England. There was no treasure, but, you know, just to unearth something that was that old, had that much history-- we were hooked. Never looked back. You know, I glanced through your company history. I mean, business was pretty slow, since you didn't find any treasure out here. You were getting fewer and fewer clients. Yeah, it's been difficult. Branson Rose was almost your last chance. There's always somebody who wants to look for treasure. Really? Yeah. 'Cause, you know, Branson Rose, he pulls out, and get a lot of publicity, you could end up, you know... sinking your business. Yeah, but Macy found something finally, and we're going to share the find with Rose-- 50% for him, 50 for us. Exactly. Oh, I see. More for me if Macy's out of the picture, right? You're forgetting one thing. Macy was like family to me. Really? Look at this. See that? I got that pulling Macy out of a sinkhole back in '93. He's got plenty of scars on him because of me, too. Hmm. How'd you get all those bruises around your scar there, huh? Oh... The Mayor. How does the Mayor figure into all this? His wife. You saw her, right? Well, Macy was a bit of a hound, if you know what I mean. He was sleeping with the Pirate Queen? The Mayor got suspicious, he came around last week, and I ended up taking the heat for Macy, because Macy's like my brother, and I'll tell you, that scrawny little pirate-- he can kick, too. Lucky he didn't have time to load that flintlock. Charlie? No. Put that down. Leave it there. What are you doing? Zack? Zack, the bones-- what did you do with the bones? Nothing, Dr. Brennan. I left them on the table just like you asked. Where the hell are my bones ? Bones don't just disappear. I thought this was a secure facility. You assured me this was a secure facility. I could be working at Stanford, you know. This never would have happened at Stanford. We spend three quarters of a million dollars annually on security. Obviously that's not enough. I want my bones. Did you find my bones?! Oh! Maybe you want just want to, you know, chill a little? Chill? Yeah. You know, take a pill. Listen, dude, my lab was violated, my bones were stolen, so I think I'll remain warm for a little while longer. Honey, maybe you should focus on your breathing. Breathing. Count to ten. Count to ten. Have a shot of Jack. Shot of Jack. Look, we're doing everything that we can, okay? I promise you, we're going to find your bones, but you have to allow us to do our job. I guess I wasn't helping all that much, was I? I... I'm... Sorry. It's cool. Hey, look on the bright side. I mean, this whole theft thing could be good for us, right? I mean, whoever took the bones obviously had something to do with the murder. We're getting closer. I've ordered all on-duty security personnel to give a minute-by-minute account of their rounds. I want an account of all off-duty personnel, as well. They didn't get everything. I thought all the bones were on the table. All the new ones. I was still examining the original finger bone we found for scurvy, so it was in my room. There is something they don't want us to find on these bones. Everyone knew Macy. Helped Frank get elected. So you would categorize your relationship as just friends? Yeah. Friends. It's a small town. We're all friends. Well, whoever killed Macy wasn't too friendly. He wouldn't hurt a soul-- Macy. He was a sweet guy. The way you're talking about him, it seems like you were more than just friends. Hardewicke told you, right? Like he's such a saint. How involved were the two of you? It was just one of those things, you know. I wasn't going to leave Frank or anything. I guess I wanted to see what it was like to be with a real adventurer rather than a guy who dresses up like one. So, Frank went after Hardewicke when he thought it was him. You think Frank killed him? You saw Frank. Well, yeah. You know, he's a little, uh, a little unstable. When he finds out somebody made a fool of him twice, I... Look, it's Hardewicke and the rich guy you should be looking at. Macy said they were all fighting over the money they were spending. Said Hardewicke didn't appreciate all the work he did, wanted to break up the company. Well, we're-we're looking into everyone. Thanks. Sure. But all this coming up again. Just try not to ruin my marriage, okay? I made a mistake. But I love that stupid pirate, and I don't want to lose him. Well, thanks for talking to me. I'll be in touch. The periosteal surface on the phalanx doesn't have any ingrained particulates that I can recover. The solution that M.E. used probably dissolved anything that was lodged in any surface irregularities. Who would clean a bone before extracting all available information from it? Not everyone is as thorough as we are, Zack. So true, so true. I wonder if there was gold dust on it. Perhaps you should start working with a parrot on your shoulder. You're not curious? Yes. About the facts. There's a small hole along the distal articular facet of the finger. It could be a foramen, but it could be something else, man-made. A weapon? Maybe. See if you can find any possible matches. I wonder if there are any other similar marks on Macy? I'll find out. And don't let that bone out of your sight. Dr. Brennan thought you might have overlooked a weapon of some kind. He wasn't killed by any weapon. He was strangled. The larynx is crushed. It's plain. And C2 through C4 are fractured. That wouldn't have occurred if he were merely strangled. If the victim was shaken while being strangled... The fractures are all left to right, approximately 45-degree angles on each bone. That means the head was jerked to the left and up, making sure that the spinal cord would tear. The larynx was crushed when his neck was broken. I'm always open to being corrected. Why do you think there might have been a weapon? I saw a small perforation in the finger bone, which you decided to put in the solvent. Still angry. I handled it according to protocol: rubber gloves right into the solvent. Something damaged that bone, and it didn't happen 300 years... Wait a minute. I have alternatives that could have caused the hole. This is a disposable acupuncture needle. He was healed to death? This is a filament used for an angioplasty. Hand me the wire. BOOTH: What are you doing? Diminished fluorescence. That only happens if the bones have been cleaned and treated. These bones didn't start out in the shaft. What? Who has got 300-year-old bones? I assure you everything here is authentic, Dr. Brennan. I curated this exhibit for the Jeffersonian myself. Could you please open the case? This is a beautiful specimen. Found in Jamaica. We believe he sailed with Henry Morgan. He's never been on a boat in his life. Absurd. Oh, my God. These bones are artificial. It's acrylic, not bone. You can see the hole where the wire was threaded when the bones were assembled for display. Then where's the rest of my sailor? He was planted in the shaft in Assateague Island to make the whole treasure business seem real, but somebody found out. Who? A murderer. Okay, let me see if I get this straight. The pirate bones you recovered came from the Jeffersonian to start with? Correct. 300-year-old bones stolen from our own pirate exhibit. And then recovered by one of your own people... Dr. Hodgins. ...who brought them back to the Jeffersonian, where they were stolen again? Re-stolen, sir. You have a security problem, Dr. Goodman. And when I find out who did this, you may have a murder problem. But I'm on top of it, okay? You didn't have to come down here, sir. That's what I thought, until I got a call from someone at the Department of Defense. Defense? How do they figure into a murder investigation? Branson Rose, he has friends in high places, and they don't like it when the guy who builds their bombers is unhappy. They afraid he'll bomb them? What is that, squint humor? Because I'm not laughing. Defense doesn't need a reason to go to war, and I'm not about to be their next target. Well, of course not. You're too busy looking for your bones. Let's not make this personal. Rose wants to keep playing in the mud, and his big-shot friends are going to see that happens, unless we get some answers fast. At this point, it appears as if the stolen 300-year-old bones are being used to, you know, salt the shaft. Salt the shaft? Yeah, you know, an investor spends a million bucks, gets antsy when nothing happens, and then, voil? you know, pirate bones appear, and the golden goose keeps, you know... ...laying those eggs. Okay, that is a convoluted metaphor, Booth. It's a hoax, Dr. Brennan, like Piltdown Man. Oh, got it. Why can't you be clear like that? Assuming the bones were stolen... Re-stolen? ...re-stolen so you wouldn't find out they were bogus, how did you? How did I what? From the finger. They didn't get the entire skeleton. Would you like Dr. Brennan to take you through the process? I really, really wouldn't. So who do you like? I like the partner. Giles Hardewicke. Access, motive, ability... Dr. Goodman, the FBI will provide whatever help you need to solve your breach of security at the Jeffersonian. You work the partner angle. Well, my father worked a fishing boat, his dad before that. Heck, me and my brother, we never knew anything but the sea. Hunting for treasure just sort of grew out of that I guess. Any regrets? Sure. My brother. Yeah. That and the fact they might shut us down. Hey, not if we find something. Huh? You know, I thought you were going to turn out to be just another desk jockey who'd read a few books and was looking for something to brighten up his boring-ass life. I'll tell you what, I'd be down that shaft right now if Big Brother didn't have a minimum time requirement between dives. You deserve to be here. You really do. Thanks for that, man. The bones were planted. You don't seem surprised. Eh, nothing surprises me out of that ... pit anymore. Nah. I mean, you dig down far enough, you'll come out in hell. So, uh... if you don't find anything, are you gonna shut us down? Hey, I'm not FBI. I'm just a scientist. It's a crime scene. I'm surprised they let you down there. I'm an expert in silt, plants, and insects-- that's right. I got three doctorates. When you got three doctorates, and you tell the FBI you need more samples, who's gonna argue? One doctorate, yeah, maybe they argue, but three? You want to go back down again, don't you? I could use your help, man. You got the bug, man! Hey, like I said, I <i>am</i> the bug man. Arr! Arr! If you lost the bones, how do you know they're fake? Thieves, they didn't get everything. Ah. Stroke of luck for the good guys. We will find out how those bones were stolen from the Jeffersonian. You still think I did it, don't you? Why were you going to break up the company? Let me guess, Katie Ney tell you that? What makes you think it was Katie? That was a stock part of Macy's seduction technique, and it was very effective. "I risk my life down in that hole while my partner stays safe topside." That's how he positioned himself as the heroic explorer... which he was, by the way, when it came to the ladies. Your partnership was intact? Till death did us part. I'll tell you what. I'm gonna give you guys full access to the books. You don't even need a search warrant. There's not a single way in which my life is better off without Macy. Like I said, I miss the man. The bones were stolen twice-- the first time from the pirate exhibit, the second from the Bone Room here in the Medico-Legal Lab. The security in the lab is tighter, so the camera is continuous, but the camera in the rotunda is stop-action, every three seconds. I started with the lab theft because we know the bones were stolen between 9:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m. Okay. Watch... here. The bones are gone. Notice the time-code. What's that? The camera was turned off. Camera was turned off for one minute and 46 seconds. It would take a lot less time that to enter the room and gather up the bones and escape. Now... Dr. Goodman? Yes? Could I ask, why are we doing this investigation instead of Security? We shouldn't walk too quickly; it would arouse suspicion. Neither would our thief. I'm happy to help, but we do have actual security professionals who... Is there any way to tell if those tapes have been doctored? Yeah. Since they're physical magnetic tapes, not stored digitally. I always did like analog better. Now, I know why. My point is is that I'm only an amateur at this, and I'm sure the Security Department is better equipped and trained... Afternoon, Paul. Best to Susan and Laura. I hope Johnny feels better. Okay you don't want to talk about it. I get it. Sir? Hit your stopwatch, please, Ms. Montenegro. 35.6 seconds. Double that for a round-trip. That's one minute, ten seconds, leaving approximately 30 seconds to bag the bones and get back. Get back where? Oh... ah. Wow, you must think I'm an idiot. I was grandstanding. I can be like that. So we find out what guards were on duty during the two thefts and we might have our thief. In stealing human remains? After 300 years, it's not like he's got a family grieving for him out there. Think of me as a grieving parent. Grand theft, buddy; you're looking at eight years. If I don't kill you. Come on, what's a bunch of old bones like that worth? Nothing. How much you get for them? Couple of hundred bucks. Yeah. So this wire transfer into your bank for ten grand, what's that, inheritance? Who did you steal them for? We didn't really do the name-exchange thing. Somebody approached you? Yeah. Let's see. Okay. Which one was it? Which time? The first time. Him... but he looked better. And the second time? Um... him. Look, guys, I'm cooperating, all right? I will give back the money. I will quit my job, all right? How's about we just call it even? How's about we call the D.A.? You know, you need a better screening process down at the museum. Ironic, given we contract that out to the FBI. The... You think he's dangerous? Grand theft, murder, yeah. The music. Shh. He's down there. That's not music, it's bagpipes. Whoa. Mr. Harde... Maybe we're looking for someone else. The larynx was crushed. Is that going to be your cause-of-death ruling? We gonna have another fight about this? I'm a pretty open guy, Harry, but if you keep pushing like that, it's gonna be me who smacks you around. How do you know that won't work for me just as well? You ruled that Macy died from a crushed larynx. A crushed larynx is fatal, ergo it results in death. You were wrong then, and you're wrong now. See? He likes it. I need to see both sets of X rays, his and Macy's. It's not always about being right or wrong. It's about the dialogue. An intense conversation can be the most wonderful kind of intercourse. Know what? This guy is a pervert. Damage between C-2 and C-4, 45 degree angle, exact same pattern of injury as Macy. His head was wrenched around, probably while the other hand crushed the larynx. That must really frustrate you that I missed that. That's a Special Forces move. Take a sentry down, crush the larynx, so he can't scream. You've done that to people? No. Our murderer is Special Forces. Your Internet bio says you spent time in Special Air Services. Mr. Rose has led a diverse and full life. How did you feel when you found out the dig site had been salted? ROSE: I was disappointed, certainly. Just disappointed? Look, I wasn't irked enough to kill Ted Macy. Now, could we get to the point, please? What is Special Air Services? The S.A.S. is widely regarded as one of the finest and best trained special forces units in the world. See any active service? Mr. Rose is not comfortable discussing specifics. I don't like to exploit my role in operations which cost good men their lives. Now, if all you're interested in is my history, there's a bio on my web site. Great. We just want to know if your reputation is for real, sir. Hey, we'll just contact the S.A.S. They'll tell us. Look... Fine. Don't expect a speedy response. Whoa, Bones. That's assault! Would a Special Forces guy have been able to stop that? I don't know, you kind of got the jump on him there. This one won't be a surprise. You ready? What? This is common assault! Charges will be laid! No way he's Special Ops. It's just PR crap. All right, no more questions. I demand she be arrested for assault! Shut up, Kendall. that I'm taking a woman to court for slapping me? Come on, let's get out of here. You won't get into trouble for this? Three degrees. I'm telling you, salted or not, there's something at the bottom of that shaft. Never got to go all the way down. The bones were laying on wood. I want to see what's underneath. Always thought it'd be me who'd find it. Yeah, they were always pirate-y to me. Let's do this. Let's do it. Okay. Dispatch, 22705. Last name: McGinnis; first name: Dane; middle initial: P. I need to know which branch of the military he served in. Affirmative, 22705. Stand by. Why Dane? He said Hodgins swam like a squid. Squint. He must have said "squint." No, I said "squint," okay? Is this what they call a Hail Mary pass? HODGINS: You receiving? Loud and clear. Man, it's muddy today. Yeah. Usually clears up past the first flood channel at 12 meters. * Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum. * Don't conjure up any ghosts, Doc. There's too many down there already waiting to claim your ass. Ghosts. Right. 22705, Dispatch. McGinnis, Dane, served in the Navy. Rating: Chief Petty Officer, Naval Special Warfare. Oh, yeah. Had to be. What? Guy was a Navy SEAL. So? You were a guide. A Ranger. I was a Ranger, Bones, okay? I was not a guide. Guides, they show you waterfalls, they sell you cookies. I was a Ranger. What's he doing at the shaft? Oh. Are Rangers afraid of SEALs? What? Come on, Bones, no. Rangers aren't afraid of anybody. All right? SEALs are pretty good, though. Hey, Dane. Hey. What's up? We know it was you. BOOTH: Bones, please... Why? You have a gun. What's he got? He's got somebody in the shaft. How far down am I? Is that Hodgins? I can't read my depth display. Hey, is something going on? Is there anybody up there? Why don't you answer me? CPO McGinnis, step away from the air hose. Yeah? Well, I need you to toss that gun into the shaft. Then, toss me your keys. Then, handcuff yourselves to that crane. I take your truck. Otherwise, I am gonna cut this hose, and your buddy's gonna die. Yeah, do that. Bones. Not gonna happen. Feel a blast of cold water. Either a spring or some kind of conduit from the ocean. It's clear, clean water, so visibility is better. You killed two men. I can't just let you drive away. Those guys... putting fake bones in there, making the whole thing into a con job. My brother died down there looking for that treasure, lot of good men did. This was their life. Those men dishonored them. Dane, can you hear me, man? I am on the bottom. You good enough to take that shot before I cut this air hose, Ranger? Pretty good. Just pretty good? Please, I'm working. Looks like a sandy loam down, maybe a little clay. I'll get a sample. I can see where the shaft walls collapsed before. Oh, my God. Holy... Can you see this, Dane? What is it? Why don't you take a look? Yeah. I do, you'll shoot me. Dane! Can you see this, man?! It's a gold coin. Yeah, it's probably something else they stole from your museum and threw in there. This is real! It's a big...! You want to see it, you're going to have to bring Hodgins up. Please. He's down there because he believes. He's no different than you, no different than your brother. Bring him up. Do it for your brother. An original Breen 984 half doubloon, designed by Ephraim Brasher, engraved by Ephraim Brasher, and, hold your breath, gentlemen and ladies, 204 grains. A real, gold, pirate coin. How many more are down there? Branson Rose has agreed to have the museum do the authentication of the entire treasure when they bring it up. There won't be any more. What makes you say that? I was down there. It's not gonna give it up that easily. But the treasure's been located. And I'm sure it's been located before. I'll take that. You think he's happy to be back home? Well, he looks that way to me. Hah. He's not happy. What do you mean? Hodgins is right. He'd be a lot happier at the bottom of that shaft. With the other pirates. Arr!