Well, you're seeing a psychiatrist. Not for therapy. It's an official evaluation, okay? Person who found the body is in the living room. Great. Crime scene first, then we talk to the witnesses. Corpse is going to be in the den. Thanks. What is that? What's what? Your tie, it's staid. Staid? Yeah, boring. It looks like J. Edgar Hoover picked it out. Look, it's something I'm working on, okay? In therapy? Gordon-Gordon says that the, you know, the wild socks and the fancy ties are all just, you know, quiet rebellions helping me suppress other impulses. Isn't that good? You'd think so, right? But you know, apparently, all the other issues have to just rise to the top. Why do you call your psychiatrist Gordon-Gordon? Because that's how he introduces himself, you know. "Hi. I'm Gordon. Gordon Wyatt." Like James. James Bond. Bond. James Bond. Not James. Ja... Jam... Whatever. SAROYAN: We're over here. And you might want to tuck your pants into your socks. The flies get in everywhere. What, no cartoon characters on the socks? Never had cartoon characters on the socks. They were just... Um... Never mind, okay? What do we got here? Three weeks decomp, give or take. Ah, the place was tossed, huh? No forced entry. The victim is probably the man of the house: Terence Bancroft. His wife Clarissa identified the watch and wedding ring. This isn't good for me. Yeah, it's pretty gross. No, not that. There's too much soft tissue for me to tell anything. In fact, why am I here at all? The Bancroft family asked for us specifically. What, they got some kind of pull? The Bancroft Wing at the Jeffersonian? 60 million bucks will buy a lot of goodwill. BOOTH: Typical. This dried crust here at the mouth. When the jugular's cut, the air mixes with venous blood and the negative pressure causes an air embolism. Death is very quick. So just sit there and stop complaining. Bound. Multiple stab wounds. We need photos of these spatter patterns. Bet this statue is worth more than my house. You know, you should ask your therapist about your issues with rich people. You're in therapy? He's seen the socks. SAROYAN: The victim's wife is in the kitchen. (sighs) I was, I was at the vineyard for a month. And Terry was supposed to be at his fishing camp in Idaho, so the house was closed up. And you didn't try to contact him at all during that time? We spoke three weeks ago, um, the day before he was supposed to leave. The cabin doesn't get cell service. I heard the officers talking about a possible home invasion? Definite possibility. Well, Terry supports a youth center on the other side of the Anacostia River. Rough neighborhood, tough kids. I was always afraid to go there, but he said it was because I didn't really know them. Yeah. Listen, I'd like you to put a list of things together that might have gone missing, and give me a call. (whispers): Okay. The Bancroft case? Yeah. Looks like a home-invasion homicide, right? Yes, I'm running dental records now. Cam is finishing up the autopsy. But Booth is pretty sure it's Terry Bancroft? Yes. There was a lot of insect activity. Samples are at your work station. Also, the extension cord used to tie him up and everything that was on top of his desk. He was tied up? His heart was perforated, but there's no blood in the thoracic cavity. He was stabbed after he was already dead. What, what killed him? His jugular was punctured. Multiple stabs are congruent with killers jacked on crystal meth or just plain adrenaline. Why kill him? No sign of forced entry. He probably knew his attackers. (computer beeps) We have a match. Confirmed. Terence Bancroft. He knew his killers. Are you all right? Yes. Yeah, absolutely. I'll get on insect analysis right away. Hodgy? Yeah? Hey. Hi, good morning, Angela. I have blood splatter patterns on my computer, if you need to match them to anything you have here. Uh, yeah, thanks. I'll come take a look after I get through with the evidence from the desk. You okay? Mm-hmm, yeah. Yeah? Want to have lunch later? Okay, yeah. Capture:FRM@MAOREN sync:FRM@team What? Do I get to play? Uh, no, you will be cheering and watching. What fun is that? I am a mad sagger. I-I-I wear my shorts very, very low. You suck hugely at being a girl. Okay, okay, anthropology, anthropology. Oh, okay, think of it as a social ritual in which I impress you with my manly prowess during a game of basketball. You want to impress me? I'm traditional that way. Why don't you just bonk me on the head with a giant club? I'd much prefer you came to the game and ogled my butt crack. You know, it's law enforcement versus public defenders; guys with pony tails and love handles. We're heavily favored. So? Hi, Clarissa. Jack... I... you heard about Terry? Can I come in? Last time I saw you, you didn't have a beard. Yeah, last time you saw me, I couldn't grow a beard. I'm sorry about Terry. It makes everything that happened between us look... Meaningless. At least a lot less important than it seemed at the time. I got over us, Clarissa. Then how come it took Terry getting murdered for you to show up at our door? Where did you get this? I work at the Jeffersonian Institution. I'm on the case. They showed up with the evidence. I don't understand. Why are you bringing it to me? If my bosses were aware that I knew the victim or his wife, they'd remove me from the investigation, and I would really like to help catch whatever son of a ... murdered my friend. So someone introduces us... "Nice to meet you, Ms. Bancroft. "And you, too, Dr. Hodgins." Got it. Jack? Terry and I were... ...having some marital problems, but we were getting through it. That's going to make me a suspect, isn't it? I can't talk about it, Clarissa. MAN: Terry--</i> man, we're really gonna miss that guy around this place. Foot the bill for this place? Oh, you know, he was more than a checkbook. I mean, Terry, he took a personal interest. How personal? Don't even go there, man, all right? Terry, he was one of the good guys. These kids are pretty hardcore, huh? Oh yeah, yeah, you know, drugs, gangs, violence. Any recent arguments or incidents? Well, apparently the night before Terry was gonna head up to his cabin, he caught a kid with a couple pounds of heroin. A couple pounds? The kid was a mule. Yeah, he was running deliveries to Baltimore on the bus. Did you see Bancroft take the drugs from the kid? No. How about any of these kids, did they see it? Sure, yeah, you know, until you ask 'em, and then nobody saw nothing. Well, did Bancroft call the police? Oh, man, come on. We did that, no kid would ever set foot back in this place. Huh. Then what, huh? Flushed it down the toilet? No, no, it's not like that. I mean, Terry, he would always deliver whatever he snagged to the cops. Otherwise, the supplier would think they would get ripped off and then the mule ends up dead. So this... is Julio Diaz' locker. Oh, blood on the kid's sweatshirt. No, no, Julio would never kill anybody. I mean, he might deliver drugs, but he really liked Terry. Maybe Julio's supplier? When was the last time Julio was here? The day Terry took the heroin. All right, look, if it wasn't for Terry Bancroft, this place wouldn't exist. Come on. I need one witness who saw Terry take the dope from Julio Diaz. Just one. Sorry, man. MONTENEGRO: What is not to like? Go watch Sully play basketball. He still hasn't made a move on me. How many times have you gone out? Four or six, depending on how you define "go out." Right. Bumping into each other at the diner does not count as going out. Four. There along the interior cervical vertebrae. Is that shadow a glitch? I don't do glitches. Four, huh? So the question is is this Sully damaged goods or is he just very respectful? Those are my choices? Damaged goods, you run away, very respectful, you hang in. I should just make the first move. No, Brennan! For once can you just pretend that you're the girl? Why is everyone so anxious for me to be a girl? Listen, go to the basketball game, let him show off for you, and see what happens. I don't know. It sounds so passive. Now you've got it. BOOTH: You just don't get it.</i> What? I'm asking for guy advice, you are a guy. What's not to get? First of all, guys, they don't ask for advice and secondly, I'm not going to help you get my partner into bed. Why not? It's not like you want her. Unless... Do you want her? Nah, come on, huh? Bones is, you know... she's my partner. Oh... That is why you need psychiatric treatment, because you have the hots for your partner. I'm not in psychiatric treatment. Okay? It's an evaluation. Big difference. I can tell that Brennan is the go-slow type, but you gotta help me out on how slow, because too slow is worse than not slow enough. Agent Booth? Yeah? District cops got a kid matching your APB down at the morgue. MAN: John Doe number120806, male,</i> approximately 14 years old. His body was found under the Anacostia Bridge on the sixth. That was almost 20 days ago. I-I-I think that's Julio. That's definitely his gold chain, for sure. Cause of death? Single gunshot wound to the back of the head. Execution style. Yeah, if, uh... if Terry hadn't gotten the drugs to the cops, the supplier would've come after Julio. Terry Bancroft got killed for that heroin. Dr. Brennan saw a shadow on the x-rays. I removed the tissue from the bones and found a fungus. Not odd. If you were decomposing for three weeks, you'd probably work up a fungus or two as well. The interior cervical vertebrae. Spell it out, bone-boy. The jugular was cut and the blood pooled here. He was lying on his back for several hours. BOOTH: Anything new? Yes. The victim was killed by the puncturing of his jugular, left lying there for several hours, then the murderer came back. Forced the body into his chair. And stabbed him 14 more times. Oh, to make it look like a home invasion. The blood on Julio's sweatshirt found in the locker was definitely Bancroft's. Well, that doesn't make sense. Bancroft confiscates the kid's dope, kid runs to the supplier, they go to Bancroft's place, scare him into telling them where the dope is, then kill him. Only that doesn't scan. I mean, why murder the kid? 'Cause he was there. 'Cause he cried. 'Cause he blew his nose on a red hankie. They don't need much reason. Well, I don't like it. Doesn't mean it's not true. HODGINS: Calliphora vomitoria.</i> Prepupal stage of the third instar. Does that give us a postmortem interval? 18.5 days. Whoa, whoa, you can be that accurate from flies? DOJ Forensics has new statistical models of maggot growth to pinpoint death within a six-hour window. Hmm. Then I was right. About what? Julio Diaz was killed 20 days ago. 18.5 days ago is after his body was found. Then how did Bancroft's blood get on Julio's sweatshirt? Julio Diaz was dead under that bridge. ???? Peanut! Peanut! Sully's looking good. Hot. You know, Scotty says Sully won't shower with the other guys. That guy's got some kind of an issue. Guys only got one kind of issue, girl. Then I guess we know why they call him Peanut. Ah, in point of fact, it is therapy. What? No. No, it's not. It's an evaluation. No, I've already certified you as fit to carry a gun and go back to work. Okay, then why are we meeting? Well, because you discharged your weapon at an ice cream truck. My provisional certification of your mental health only holds as long as you continue to meet with me. Great. For how long? Till I'm satisfied that you won't start firing at confectioners again. What's your objection to therapy? You know what, Doc? I am not the kind of guy who's got anything to hide. Do you know I often find that when people declare what they are not, it almost invariably turns out that's precisely what they are. Great. Then you know what? No more declarations for me. You do know what you just said is, in fact, the very avatar of a declaration? Avatar? That's great. Can I get a cup of coffee and a, uh... Tea, please. Tea. Let me ask you a question, Doc. Why is it that every time you introduce yourself you always say your name twice huh? (British accent): "Hello, my name is Gordon, Gordon Wyatt." Well, now you're simply lashing out, aren't you? Why don't we talk about the case you're working on at the moment? What? Well, I am trained as a forensic psychiatrist. I might be able to help. Okay, fine. Great. I have a dead rich guy, works with at-risk youth, gets brutally murdered after confiscating a couple pounds of heroin from one of his kids. Interesting the first word you used to describe him is "rich". Ah, second. First description was "dead". Why do you think you have a problem with wealthy people? This case, a perfect example. This guy, he makes up his own rules. What's that word that you used? Entitled. Yeah, entitled. That's what got him killed. Now did this rich guy, by any chance, have a wife? Oh, what, are we changing the subject now? And does the rich guy's wife have a lover? I just told you. The murder has to do with the heroin. The boy the victim took the heroin from also turned up murdered. And is this boy from a modest background? Doesn't get any modester. So is there any chance that you would rather catch the boy's murderer than the wealthy fellow's murderer, so you have decided that they are one and the same? Any chance that you've based this assumption purely on your bias against rich, entitled people? You know what? I did the belt buckle, I did the tie, I did the socks, what else do you want from me? What would you say if I told you that my name actually is Gordon Gordon Wyatt? That my first and middle names are the same? Yeah, baby! WOMAN: See you there? I'll see you at the restaurant. Okay. I'll go get Scotty. (exhales): So, you ready to go? Don't you want to take a shower? Eh, I don't sweat that much. Won't you be uncomfortable at the restaurant? It's a skuzzy bar. I'll be one of the best smelling things there. Next to you, of course. You played very well. Thank you. In fact, you were the best. See, that's why I wanted you to come. You know, to be impressed. It was an impressive display of manhood. Well, thank you. Athletics as an analog for battle. In effect, you were a warrior tonight. Wow. You really were impressed. There are quite a number of ways that men judge their relative maleness with respect to other men. Uh-huh. Muscles. Income. Cars. Attractive mates. Tolerance to alcohol. Hair loss. And, of course, the size of the sexual organ. Oh... save something for us to discuss at dinner. Well... women don't care about that. Dinner? Or-Or hair loss? The size of the sexual organ. Ours or yours? Penis size only matters to other males. See, I was hoping you'd comment on how I shut down the other team's offense. Well, their offense wasn't really all that good. Oh, you know how to hurt a guy. It's not a bad thing. I like it. A little sauce, a little zing. Okay, the flake on the trachea was India Ink. It came from this. It's a scrimshawed letter opener. Wiped clean, but there are still minute traces of Terence Bancroft's blood in the etchings. I need to pull a little con on the wife. Your wife? No, the victim's wife. Why? To find out if she was cheating on her husband. I thought the murder was because of the heroin. Well, it is, but, you know, I need you to come along and, you know, collect some dust or pollen or seeds or whatever the hell it is you do so I can get in and figure out if she's got anything to hide. How will you do that? Oh, got my ways. Come on. Wow, you know, I'm really busy here with the murder weapon. Plus, you found a fiber in the victim's throat. It's actually muskrat. Muskrat, hey, that's a perfect cover. We'll go to the mansion, you go inside and look for anything made out of muskrat. Come on. Why are you dragging your feet? Let's go. I'll... I'll get my kit. Yeah, get your kit. Good evening, Ms. Bancroft. This is, uh... Dr. Hodgins from the Jeffersonian. I was wondering if... Very pleased to meet you. Nice to meet you, Dr. Hodgins. Clarissa Bancroft. Dr. Hodgins, uh, needs to take a look inside in the den, if that's all right. Uh, what are you looking for? Muskrat. How long will Dr. Hodgins be in there? Well, you know, a homicide investigation is pretty invasive. The family and the victim,they lose all their privacy. I understand. Do you? Because, uh... it's inevitable that we find out everything. What kind of doctor is Jack? Bugs. Slime. There's fancier names, but that's about it. You know, don't you? You know that I had an affair. It's best you tell me everything. It ended three months ago. Terry and I were working through it. Separate vacations? I didn't say it wasn't difficult. You can love someone and still hurt them. You need his name? Yeah. Leland Oliver. He's our financial consultant. If you'd divorced your husband... I would've gotten, at most, half of his money. This way, I get it all. Leland knew that better than anyone. That's exactly why I didn't say anything earlier. How did you know Dr. Hodgins' first name? You introduced us. I never said his first name. Just tell him, Clarissa. All right, look, I'm sorry. But it doesn't change anything. Hey, this is not a problem. Not a problem? Not a problem, huh? I ought to arrest you for tampering with evidence. This goes to trial, you're in Ibiza or Antarctica on vacation. Start looking for another job. Hodgins, what is the significance of the muskrat fur? Yeah, Hodgins, what is the significance of the muskrat fur? Muskrats have an under layer of fur; the outer layer is coarse hair. This is muskrat hair. Fur, hair... I doubt our victim's jugular was cut by a muskrat. Is there something going on? You want to tell them? The muskrat hair was colored with a new dye that's just been patented by a menswear company in Canada. So the murderer was dressed in one of these jackets? BOOTH: Wait a second... That one. BRENNAN: The leather bomber with muskrat liner. BOOTH: That's the one Robert Fraiser was wearing. The director of the youth drop-in center. Then we have our murderer. Good job, Hodgins. Not "Good job, Hodgins." He might have blown the whole case. I told him it is not a problem. BRENNAN: What happened? I don't care what he does in his time off, but when he screws around with evidence to get in the pants of an old girlfriend on one of my murder cases, ???? [t:p][n:Watch JULIAN: I already got no proof</i> how the victim got hold of that heroin. Now you're saying I can't put Hodgins on the stand? Why? You don't want to know the answer to that. Why doesn't she want to know? As the prosecutor in this case, I'm obliged to share everything I know with the defense. Just because Clarissa Bancroft and I... Whoa. Good night. Did you not hear what she just said? There are some things she can't know. Clarissa and I were engaged. (scoffs) She and Terry started something up and... it unfolded the way those things do. I haven't contacted or heard from either of them in eight years. Then Terry got killed... And like every other rich guy in the world, you decided the rules just didn't apply to you. Hey, the guy used to be my friend, all right? And Clarissa... You tampered with evidence. The glass and frame were evidence. The photograph I removed was not. I wanted to work Terry's murder. Obviously, you're off the case. He should be off the job. That is not your decision, Booth. I apologize. I will deal with this however you see fit. JULIAN: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,</i> my good friend, Mr. Barron, is going to give you a long speech about what "reasonable doubt" is. He's mostly going to be right. But facts are facts, ladies and gentlemen, and the fact is Mr. Robert Fraiser killed Mr. Terence Bancroft for a few pounds of heroin. They've got anthropologists and psychiatrists and particulate experts and blood experts, the whole weight of the Jeffersonian Institution, all interpreting the facts for you. And I stress the word "interpret". Because you, as the jury, are the arbiters of common sense that gets lost in all the science. Would you describe how the victim was killed? Mr. Bancroft died when a sharp instrument was thrust into his jugular. ADDY: This is a dried fleck of India ink left in the victim's trachea. It matches the ink on a scrimshaw letter opener the FBI found at the scene. Postmortem, the vicious attack on the victim continued. Objection. Categorization of the attack as "vicious" is prejudicial. 14 times a man was stabbed. How many stabs does it take to be vicious, exactly? Sustained. Using a 2-D image from a stereomicroscope, I was able to create a three-dimensional model. These kerf marks are congruent with a double-edged blade, one side serrated, the other not.</i> Yeah, that's the knife we found in the toolbox in Robert Frasier's truck. That would explain the prints found by the FBI forensics lab? It would explain the prints, but not the victim's blood. Yeah, this is the jacket Robert Frasier was wearing at the time of his arrest. BRENNAN: The hair on the left came from the victim's larynx, the hair on the right came from the jacket. And they came from the same jacket? They came from the same muskrat. How did this hair get into the victim's larynx? The larynx and the trachea were both punctured by the murder weapon. And that was most logically achieved by the murderer approaching the victim from behind, putting a choke hold on him, and plunging the murder weapon into his throat. In doing so, the murderer inadvertently stabbed through his own jacket, thus depositing the muskrat hair in the victim's throat. JULIAN: Let the record show that that witness is wiggling his finger through the jacket in a very convincing manner. Objection to the use of the phrase "very convincing manner." Sustained. Why? Why what? Why was Terence Bancroft killed? Did you discover a motive, Agent Booth? I need five minutes, Your Honor. Look, man, I saw Terry take the dope from Julio. I don't see how that's going to help burn Frasier, though. It's called chain of evidence. It'll help, okay? Trust me. I'll say what I saw. Terry was a good man. So are you. Come on, let's go. Terry was, like, "Open that bag, Julio." JULIAN: What did Julio do? He just stood there. Terry went over, took the bag from him. He opened it up-- it was packed with pounds of blast. Tell the jury what that means. Heroin. At least two bricks. And like, everybody knows what happens if Terry catches you holding-- you get sent out for 72 hours. And the drugs? Straight to the police. You believe Robert Frasier killed Terence Bancroft for that heroin? Yes. Robert Frasier turned out to be a junkie. That's why he wore that jacket all the time. Objection. Assuming facts not in evidence. What do you mean? The defendant has every needle disease in the book except HIV. Same objection. Plus, Ms. Julian seems to deeply desire to testify herself. Yes, I would like to testify, because then I'd know what answers I was getting. (laughing) JUDGE: All right, settle down. This is a murder trial, not a night at the Improv. The victim was killed and left for between ten and 15 hours. The murderer returned and forced him into the chair. This is also when he was stabbed 14 times. That ten to 15 hours gave the murderer time to soak Julia Diaz' sweatshirt in the victim's blood, in order to put the blame on either Mr. Diaz or the drug suppliers. But you do not believe that the defendant killed the boy. No, but he might as well have. Objection! I'll hear it. Terence Bancroft intended to give that heroin to the police, in order to keep Julio Diaz square with his suppliers. Thank you. Julio Diaz was 14 years old. Your Honor... The prosecution apologizes, Your Honor. And rests. MONTENEGRO: Wait.</i> You still haven't slept together? I know the problem. (laughing): His religious upbringing? His penis. What's wrong with it? Apparently, it's small. (laughing): Oh... Oh, well, that maybe explains why he hasn't made any moves on you yet. He's insecure. So, I should make the first move, right? Yeah. Take Sully for a little test drive. Maybe he's got unlimited mileage. That'll make up for the fact that he's a subcompact. BOOTH: Hey, Doc,</i> what we're doing here, would that be considered therapy? Oh, absolutely, especially as I'm about to inquire whether you've experienced any outbursts of temper since I requested you alter your dress code. Yeah, one of the, uh, the squints-- Hodgins-- decided the rules, they didn't apply to him. He got entitled and jeopardized my murder case. Ah, and you confronted him physically? Physical confrontation-- that's my main skill. Entitled, you said. Is he a wealthy man? Yeah, like the guy who got killed. The murder victim who... he tried to help a child and then died for it? And your... squint? Yeah, squint. (mumbling): Extraordinary. Your squint tried to help a friend? So they both endeavored to do good. With no clue of the way things are. The way things are as defined by a working-class lad from Pittsburgh. That's right. Pittsburgh, where I'm from, all right, from the streets where you get a sense of how the world really is. Yes, I'm sure that's true, but has it occurred to you that without the distortion of reality provided by a privileged upbringing, there'd be no such thing as the Sistine Chapel, the Taj Mahal or Three Rivers Stadium, home of your beloved Steelers? Three Rivers Stadium was demolished in 2000. It really was a great place, though. I mean, that Lambert... No doubt. The point is... you rebel in your way, your friend rebels in his. We, all of us, have to overcome our upbringings, rich and poor alike. You know what? I'm going to ask you to go back to your bilious socks and your ostentatious ties and your provocative belt buckles. Oh, you're saying if I wear flashy socks, I'm gonna forgive Hodgins? I'm not sure I'm that good, but, well, perhaps I am, hmm. Oh, hey, Doc, Doc, Doc, uh... W-Why is it that the, uh, the belt buckle is provocative? Oh, it's a modern-day codpiece. It forces the eye to the groin. BARRON: What process was used</i> to match the India ink on the letter opener with the flake in the victim's trachea? Hydropneumatic elutriation. BARRON: Which involves dissolving the sample in a solution, correct? Yes. Essentially destroying it? Yes. And how was the muskrat hair processed? Liquid chromatograph mass spectrometry. And did you perform this test personally, Dr. Saroyan? No, it was done by a specialist at the Jeffersonian. And who might that be? SAROYAN: Dr. Jack Hodgins. The same man who used flies to estimate the time of death? Yes. The same Dr. Jack Hodgins who was once engaged to the victim's wife, Clarissa Bancroft? Objection! Assumes facts not in evidence. Sustained. Quite right, Your Honor. The defense calls Dr. Jack Hodgins to the stand, after which, we will be moving for a dismissal of all charges. ???? they found out about Hodgins and Clarissa Bancroft? That's a classic defense move. You just check out the wife for motive, run through the ex-lovers. Well, the judge didn't dismiss the case, which is a miracle. (sighs) "Better you don't know, Caroline." I figured it was something small like a typo in a search warrant but, no, turns out Hodgins had motive to kill the man himself. Eight years ago, maybe, but not now. I've got Angela. Hello. If I might continue. The judge has allowed you 24 hours to come up with additional evidence that has never been seen, heard, smelled, touched or considered by Dr. Hodgins. 24 hours. Hodgins was all over this case. We need something brand-new, or something that Hodgins didn't touch. Both weapons, blood spatter evidence... Trace evidence from the scene, the heroin, the sweatshirt. I mean, we've covered it all. The answer is here, in front of us, just like always. The fungus. SAROYAN: What fungus? The fungus Zack found along the interior cervical vertebrae. Typical cadaver mold. BRENNAN: Let's have it identified. That would usually be Hodgins' job. Not this time. It's my letter of resignation. Your science was dead-on perfect. That's all I care about. I don't need your resignation. He didn't actually tamper with evidence. Dr. Hodgins endangered a case by hiding his relationship with a suspect. I'm saving Dr. Saroyan the trouble of firing me. Well, how much trouble is it? "You're fired!" That's no trouble at all. A child could do it. I appreciate it. So we all agree it's aspergillus? ADDY: But there are 185 strains of aspergillus. Clavatus? Glaucus? Flavus? And they all look totally alike to me. No, no, these two are different. I don't see it. Well, they're both... puddly. Puddly? Well, by "puddly" I mean the hyphae are septate and hyaline and the conidiophores originate from the basal foot cell located on the supporting hyphae and terminate in a vesicle. Aspergillus ustus. You found it. Exactly how much time have you been spending with Hodgins? Pie good? I quit. Handed in my letter to Cam. Idiot. (sighs) Should've got fired. Now... no severance package. I figure, a guy like you, I resign, that puts things right between us. Do we need to discuss it past that? What are we... girls? Piece of pie for my friend. JULIAN: I will remind the jury that they have heard previous testimony from Dr. Clifford Lonsdale, a clinical expert in drug addiction. Why should the jury care about some Latin infections? We found a fungus on the victim called Aspergillus ustus. Is that not very common? The fungus in the victim matches exactly the strain Dr. Lonsdale found in the defendant. What are the chances of that occurring? Incalculable. Which is something I've never said before. Ms. Montenegro, how did this happen? When the defendant punctured the victim's jugular, he nicked himself. Thus introducing the bacteria directly into the victim's blood stream. The fungus developed only where blood from the fatal stab pooled. Here, along the spinal cord. It did not spread throughout the body. Which means? That only Mr. Fraiser could have infected the victim and only within moments of the victim's death. And who found this fungus? BRENNAN: Dr. Zack Addy. And who identified it? BRENNAN: Ms. Angela Montenegro. And who realized the significance of it? I did. BARRON: Dr. Jack Hodgins participated in no way whatsoever? Objection! The implication is offensive. That objection has no standing in law, Ms. Julian. The witness will answer. Despite the fact that I have absolute faith in Dr. Hodgins' integrity and objectivity, in this instance, he was not involved. Then the evidence stands. I don't see how they can do that. Who? Lawyers. Do what? BRENNAN: Be all friendly. SAROYAN: The only people lawyers like are other lawyers. Well, they were married. Well, they have a daughter, second year at M.I.T. Does anyone else see the irony here? Listen up, you people. The verdict is going to come down any minute. Maybe we'll win, maybe we'll lose, but this I do know. You people have got to get your sand together, you hear me? Booth and you scientist- android brainiacs, you got something very special here. But you are losing it-- dropping serial killers off balconies and blabbing suspects' names to vengeful fathers, cutting into heads before their times, getting poisoned, getting blown up because you go grabbing for things you shouldn't ought, taking photographs from frames, getting a perfectly good car smashed to bits for no good reason! Get it together! Start using your oversized heads. This is the real world. Now... I know bug man here handed in his resignation. My official Justice Department recommendation is the following: we win the case, he gets his job back. We lose, Booth shoots him. The jury's returned with a verdict. Okay, let's go face the music. Will the defendant please rise? Madame Foreperson, please read the verdict. FOREPERSON: We, the jury, find the defendant guilty. JUDGE: This court is adjourned. You look happy. Uh-huh. (chuckles) You look really happy. You made the first move. You told me I should. How was it? I mean, I don't mean "it." No, no, I do. I mean "it." I discovered something very interesting about cops and nicknames. Anthropologically interesting? Anatomically interesting. They call the bald guy "Curly" and the fat guy "Tiny." It's ironic. So when they call Sully "Peanut"... He doesn't like to shower with the other guys because he diverges from the quantifiable morphological norm. What? What's that mean? Stands out from a crowd. Do you have a nickname, Booth? Something the other cops call you. Why? What have you heard? Congrats, Brennan. Wow. Those socks, those are amazing. That's right. The socks, the tie, the belt buckle-- all escape valves for my socioeconomic rage. I hate psychology. Well, you know, they help me deal with the day-to-day irritations of dealing with people that are more privileged. I slept with Sully last night. Oh, I thought you already... No. Last night. Oh, it's really none of my business. Except we're partners. Yeah, there's that. And you told me about your socks. Sex, socks-- pretty much the same word. Do we have a case, or are you just visiting? Yeah, I'll fill you in on the way. It's messy.