was stuffed inside a huge truck tire. I believed that. Yeah, that was a good one, but this is a whole new level of weird. I don't believe it. What'd I tell you? How could this happen? Maybe he was rolled up in a carpet. Where's the carpet? Well, rotted away, you know, with the meaty parts. What? It's possible. That would've... that would've taken thousands of years. The bones should be in a pile, but... something is holding them together and... What is with you? Rolled in a carpet? "Meaty parts"! Excuse me? What is so funny? - Nothing. - I should hope not because there's a dead body deservin of respect right in front of you. What happened to him? I did not know she could laugh. What are you doing at the crime scene? Dr. Brennan is suspended from all crime-related duties. - What? - What, for laughing at Booth? - That really doesn't bother me. - We have a date for your father's murder trial. Booth is the arresting officer. You can't work together until it's over. - This is not necessary. - They don't need to separate us. I'm very compartmentalized. Very compartmentalized. Take it up with the FBI, cheri. Now, that sucks. This one looked really interesting. Yeah. Really, really interesting. I'll let you know what happens. You're not going to solve it without me. I mean, there's no use in doing partners' therapy when we aren't partners. - What, you split up? - No, we got split up. - The FBI says we can't work together. - Why? Brennan's dad murdered the deputy director of the FBI. - His trial begins next week. - I should have been informed. Of the trial? Why? Because Sweets did the psychological profile on Max for the prosecution. - What? Why didn't you tell me before? - Why is that important to you? Sweets? No therapy. Didn't i just... listen. Because while it would matter to, say, a normal person, I just figured you wouldn't care. - You're absolutely right. - Dr. Brennan, everyone you work with, - including your therapist... - Former therapist. Is endeavoring to imprison your father. That's wicked stressful. - Booth is right. It doesn't bother me. - No, Booth is wrong. Yes, it does. May I suggest that this is a golden opportunity for you to feel a situation rather than simply rationalize it? I'm fine. If you were fine, you'd be balled up in the corner, weeping, or semi-catatonic. That's fine to you? I'm sorry but I'm agree with Sweets on this one. I think it's important that you know that we know that we know the colder and more objective you appear on the outside, the more pain you are feeling on the inside. - I'm fine. - No, you're not. Well, Sweets, I'm... I'm gonna miss you. It was really a pleasure working with you. Really? You are? I, too, find him intriguing in a non-rigorous, - pragmatically irrelevant kind of way. - I agree with what she said. Thank you for trying to help Booth and me work together. - Thanks, Sweets. - You're welcome, but... honestly, guys... - Will you pick this up, the tab? - Yeah, sure. We can keep working... lame. I thought I was doing a good job. {\pos(194,225)}Bones Season 3 Episode 13 "The Verdict in the Story" {\pos(194,225)}Transcript: <i>ydy.com</i> {\pos(194,225)}Sync: <i>ShalimarFox, IceFre@k</i> {\pos(194,220)}Subtitle: <i>A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==--</i> No offense, but I would feel better {\pos(194,220)}if the famous Dr. Brennan was my scientific mouthpiece. {\pos(194,220)}- Have you done this before? - This is not Clark's first trial. He's a full-grown scientist? I shave, sir. I have a driver's license. I've won a couple of fist fights. I've saved a life. I have lain with woman. I've been hustled at pool, I've defied my father's wishes. {\pos(194,220)}I have broken hearts and I have been heartbroken. {\pos(194,230)}So, by all the markers of this society, I am a grown man. You "lain with woman?" Is he going to talk like that at dad's trial? {\pos(194,230)}Listen, Max, we could have clark list his qualifications for you right now, {\pos(194,230)}but that would spoil the surprise when they read them out in court. {\pos(194,230)}Clark is the last forensic anthropologist {\pos(194,230)}that I'd want to go up against in a court of law. {\pos(194,220)}What about that genius kid at your lab? {\pos(194,220)}The oversized eyes and the toaster head, that guy? I'm sorry if my normal sized head and eyes diminish your confidence. Zack is working for the prosecution. Okay. Welcome on board, kid. - Dad! - Thank you. Are you seriously squeezing my hand that hard? Give Clark his hand back, dad. Thanks. We'll wait outside, Tempe. I still wish you were going to be my scientist. Here. You should wear this tie in the courtroom. Oh, but it-it's a gray tie. Apparently, the color gray tells the jury that you are a serious man with good judgment. Yeah, or that I'm drab. - I can't stop this from happening. - What do you mean? Booth, Hodgins, Zack, Angela, Caroline they're all my friends, but I can't... Hey, listen, I know you love me, all right? I can see it even if nobody else can, so that's something you don't have to worry about. I'll wear the tie. {\pos(194,220)}I hate this. I hate it. {\pos(194,220)}What, strangers on our forensic platform? {\pos(194,220)}Ange doesn't like that we're on different sides. {\pos(194,220)}All of us together and Brennan alone. {\pos(194,220)}Not alone, she's with those african american people. {\pos(194,220)}This is not a competition. {\pos(194,220)}I'm pretty sure the reason they call the justice {\pos(194,220)}system "adversarial" is that it is competitive. {\pos(194,220)}No, it's not a competition between us and Brennan. {\pos(194,220)}It's just an unfortunate situation. {\pos(194,220)}Yeah. Yeah, it's an unfortunate situation. {\pos(194,220)}If Brennan understands that we aren't crazily competitive about it, then... {\pos(194,220)}We'll all come through this with our friendships intact. {\pos(194,220)}Besides, Dr. Brennan must realize that we're going to destroy them. {\pos(194,220)}I'll explain "crazily competitive" to Zack {\pos(194,220)}over and over again until he gets it. {\pos(194,220)}Okay, prosecution briefing in 20, and Caroline does not tolerate tardiness. {\pos(194,220)}Well, I've reviewed all the physical evidence as compiled by Dr. Addy and provided by the prosecution. What do you think? {\pos(194,220)}There are always judgment calls, but... {\pos(194,220)}it holds together. {\pos(194,220)}I may feel better about our position once I do my own intensive examination. {\pos(194,220)}Tell me the first thing that occurs to you when you look at the x-rays {\pos(194,220)}and skeletal remains of the victim. The killer was merciful. That is completely unscientific. {\pos(194,220)}The victim was stabbed several times, set on fire, and gutted. {\pos(194,220)}Where's the mercy? Death was instantaneous. A single blow to the mastoid process. Zero pain. Guts, stabs, burns... all that occurred post-mortem. Mercy. Zack will be the more precise expert witness. Clark will be the more understandable and persuasive. In prosecution, scientific objectivity is seen as a virtue. In defense, we humanize the accused. I accept your logic. {\pos(194,220)}I'm going to put some effort into making Dr. Addy look bad. {\pos(194,220)}I'd appreciate it if the jury didn't see you doubting me. Well, that will be difficult because my father actually is guilty. Dr. Brennan, I need that to be the last time you speak those thoughts aloud. - Why? - Because what we think about the client's guilt or innocence is irrelevant. It's their job to prove your father is guilty beyond a shadow of a doubt. How much time do you need with the skeleton? As much as you can get me. I'd also like to take a look at your case files, if I might. Why? Because you taught Dr. Addy. I'd like to get a feel for who I'm up against. {\pos(194,200)}I'm going to say to you what I always say to you before a trial {\pos(194,220)}because this one is no different than any other trial. - You've never said that before. - What? {\pos(194,220)}You've never told us that a trial is no different from any other trial. {\pos(194,220)}Which suggests this one is different. - Have you no control over these people? - None whatsoever. Look, Caroline, it's Bones, it's different. Let's just admit that. Here's what's not different. Lose the cocky belt buckle. No badges saying, "resist authority" or "the truth is out there." Do not cut your own hair the day before a trial. Ugly up a little; the plain women on the jury hate you. Use your fully grown-up words. Eat. Last time, your stomach was growling louder than your testimony. Then don't put me on first thing in the morning. I assure you I will be totally, awesomely mature on the stand. Ms. Julian... I'm not taking the stand. You have to. Look, I'm not going to tell anybody else what to do here, but I'm not testifying. Booth? Right, okay, listen up, people. Bones, she believes in the system. She finds out that Angela is not going to testify, she's not going to like it. She'd want all of us to do our jobs. Dr. Brennan does seem to have an enviable, if somewhat disturbing ability to compartmentalize. Hey, how... how's that for fully grown-up vocab? Clean and detached, people. Just the way Dr. Brennan likes it. I have no problem. I'll ask Dr. Brennan directly. If she says okay, then I'm on board. See you all in court. Listen, Caroline, you know, when I'm actually testifying, the jury's not going to see my belt buckle 'cause it's below. - This briefing is over, cheri. - Yeah, you see, where I stand, the tie kind of... covers... I am judge Marcus Haddoes. This is my court. When you swear to god to tell the truth, you look at my face, because in this courtroom I may not actually be god, but I sure as hell am the next best thing. You people watching: At heart I am a shy man, I would be perfectly happy to kick all of you out given the slightest excuse. Ms. Julian, opening statement. I'm the prosecutor in this trial, and it's my job to prove to you that Max Keenan murdered FBI deputy director Robert Kirby. My client had motive to kill the victim. Motive, means, and opportunity like many, many others. Deputy director Kirby was a bad piece of work. Corrupt. A cold-blooded killer. He had many, many enemies who wanted him dead. They're going to say that Kirby intended to murder Max Keenan and his family that's them there that beautiful young woman, that fine young man putting the concept of self-defense into your head. The prosecution will produce no eyewitness and no proof beyond circumstantial conjecture and trace evidence. Dr. Temperance Brennan here is one of the finest forensic anthropologists in the country. She's renowned for her integrity, for her professional reputation. She's also the defendant's daughter. Dr. Brennan won't testify on behalf of her father, because you, the jury, simply will not believe that a loving daughter can be objective. That's all. - Booth? - What? - I could so be objective. - I know, Bones. Okay, just... what the prosection called a "bad piece of work." That charming man slit Robert Kirby's throat, gutted him and set him on fire. We'll prove that to you. Ms. Julian and I may disagree on many facets of this case, but I do agree with her the accused is a very nice guy. Point of clarification, I said "charming," not "nice." This is exactly the kind of nonsense that I want to avoid. And you two please keep to your own sides of the aisle. All rise. Get a cup of coffee, people. We hear first prosecution witness in 20 minutes. It might not be good coffee but, hey, at least it's lukewarm. - We're not supposed to talk. - We can't talk about the case. But we can talk about crappy coffee! Put the cup in front of your mouth when you talk. - I didn't see Angela today. - Angela refuses to testify. Why? Probably because she's your best friend. - You're my friend and you don't mind. - I mind. We all mind. Except for Zack. Well, in that case Zack is the only one thinking clearly. I had to give Hodgins permission. - I dunno what's wrong with everyone. - It's not what's wrong, Bones. It's what's right. No, no, y'all cut that out. Court will reconvene in 30 seconds. Good luck, Bones. And remember, I'm the one who gave you this delicious coffee. - Why? - Why? Because I'm the first prosecution witness against your father. Dr. Brennan and I entered her apartment, and we found a large pool of blood. You were concerned with Russ Brennan's life at this point? That's correct. You thought the blood was Russ Brennan's? - That's correct. - And whose blood did it prove to be? DNA analysis proved the blood was deputy director Kirby's. A sharp instrument was inserted here... puncturing the sternocleidomastoid and cutting the carotid artery. It entered the skull just behind the ear, nicked the mastoid, continued through the oropharynx and terminated at the opposite side of the mandible. In order to create a blood puddle this large, the body would have to lay there for between three to five minutes. Three to five minutes? That's about the time it takes to roll the body up in a shower curtain. How do we know the copper pipe is the murder weapon? These are very, very small traces of copper left here in the mylohyoid line of the mandible. And what is the copper pipe made of? As with most copper pipes, it's made of copper. Did you discover any evidence tying the defendant to the murder scene? I found particles of the same soil at the murder scene at the rooftop where the body was burned and at the our lady of angels seminary. - What did that tell you? - That someone transferred those dirt particles from the seminary, to the murder scene, to the rooftop. Who could have done that? The defendant was at the seminary that day. - Are you certain of that? - Yeah. I saw him there myself. What was he doing there? He was impersonating a priest. And you're 100% positive this is the murder weapon? I'm not comfortable with 100%. You're convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that this is the murder weapon? Yes. I am. And is there any evidence at all tying the defendant to this weapon? In 1966, Max Keenan was sent to cook county jail for robbery. He was attacked. Did he defend himself? Yes. Did he defend himself with this? - Yes. - Successfully? I never killed anyone. I just poked them to keep them away. Yes. What was the result of that attack? Well, no one bothered Max again. Anything else? He had eight months added to his sentence. Anything else, agent Booth? The sharpened pipe kind of became a trademark for him. Where was this weapon found? Right here, in this pile of ashes. What exactly is that pile of ashes? It turned out to be the victim's intestines. The abdomen had been slashed opened. And with a body so badly burned, intestines reduced to ashes, how did you identify the remains as those of deputy director Kirby? I've got nothing to say. You're under oath as a material witness, Miss Montenegro. I swore to tell the truth, and the truth is that I am not saying anything. Judge Haddoes, could you... - The witness will answer. - No, the witness will not. - Angela! Answer. - Silence, please. The witness will answer, or I will find her in contempt. Is there a way I could talk you out of that? Why'd you call a witness you knew wouldn't answer? I figured once she got up here and saw your scary face, she'd rethink her options. I'm taking the fifth. Cheri, the fifth refers to the fifth amendment which protects you from being forced to incriminate yourself. Okay, all right, the-the first amendment protects freedom of association, right? Which means that it protects friendship. I'm taking the first, which is even better than taking the fifth. There is no friendship in a homicide trial. This is the federal district court for the district of Columbia, United States of America. When this asks you a question, you answer, or you pay the ferryman. - It ain't gonna happen. - Angie, they aren't kidding around. Bones, now's the time to speak up. - What? - He's the ferryman. The judge is the ferryman. Ange, just so you know, he's the ferryman! I will clear this courtroom if I hear another word. Thanks a lot. I find this witness in contempt. She will be incarcerated until she answers the question posed to her by the people. - Angela, please! - Hey, will you sit down! Sweetie, this is one of those times when I know what's right and everybody else is confused. I mean, shouldn't you be objecting a little more, asking for sidebars and more like that? The jury looks at dad kind of mean. They're having a horrific crime described to them. They have to blame someone. Yeah. Me! No, all they've done so far is establish that a murder occurred. - Everybody knew that before. - They have to establish that you are responsible. - Sounds like they have. - We have to discuss - putting you on the stand. - Absolutely. Put me on. Didn't that lady say I ooze charm? First question you'll be asked is, "did you murder deputy director Kirby?" No, I did not. - I can't put you on. - Well, what? I'm not emotional enough? I would never kill another man. No, because it would be obvious to the judge, the jury and blind martians that your loving family doesn't believe you. We'll wait outside when dad's on the stand. Thanks a lot. So I'm on the hot seat and you guys are out getting ice cream? Kids don't believe their dad, no way the jury does. Next issue to consider... is Russ. - Let 'em put me on the stand. - They think you witnessed a murder. I didn't. I wasn't there. I wasn't there! As an officer of the court, I cannot put you on the stand if I think you're gonna perjure yourself. - You think Russ is lying? - I don't know. - Which worries me. - No, he's not. I've known Russ since he was a child, and I can tell when he's lying He's not lying. You can put me on the stand. I didn't witness anything - that they can use against my father. - Attaboy. Listen, take a few family minutes. I'll see you in court. A country full of unscrupulous lawyers, and you find the one guy with scruples. Dad, Tempe's pretty sure you killed that man. And I don't think she can see how you wear that so lightly. Tempe... I'm ashamed of a lot of things I did in my life. But in this case, my conscience is clear. That's not the same as being innocent. Angela, please, just go on the stand and say that you identified the victim. No. But... I-I want you to do that. Do you think that your father is gonna beat this rap? That has nothing to do with it. Yeah, Brennan, it does. I'm not gonna help send your father to his death. To his death? Look, your old man killed a really big kahuna at the FBI. You think that those guys aren't gunning for execution? That-that's not up to me. That's not up to you. That's up to a jury. That's not the point. What is the point? Friends don't send friends' fathers to the electric chair. Maryland uses lethal injection. Well, the principle holds, sweetie. You think we're going to lose? Yeah. I think you're gonna lose. And I am not gonna help you. What did I do to deserve a friend like you? I obtained my undergraduate psych degree from the university of Toronto, my master's degree in abnormal psychology from temple university and my doctorates in clinical psychology and behavioral analysis Doctorates? As in more than one? I won simultaneous fulbright and rhodes scholarships... More than one scholarship too. Which is what brought me to my current posting at the FBI. No wonder Dr. Geeks can never hang onto a girlfriend. It's Dr. Sweets. I know, Bones. I just like saying Dr. Geeks as in geeks. Do you require a list of my scholarly publications? The defense stipulates that Dr. Sweets is a qualified expert witness, despite the fact he looks like a high school volleyball player. Meet Dr. Geeks. Excuse me, agent Booth. I'd like you to switch seats with Dr. Saroyan. You, Dr. Brennan, please switch seats with your brother. Why? You don't whisper as quietly as you think you do. You know, you do whisper a little loud. - You started it. - Just a little bit, little loud. Thank you. Please continue, miss Julian. Did you compile a psychological profile of the defendant? Yes, over a series of meetings spanning six months. Is he capable of murder? Like, totally. Most definitely. In his own way, Max Keenan is a very impressive man. What do you mean,"in his own way?" Well, Max Keenan doesn't adhere to an external ethical system. He does what he wants. He does what he thinks is right, whether or not the rest of the world agrees. In another time, he could have been a great leader. You mean in a time when people conked each other on the head and lit them on fire as a way of getting what they want. Yes. Is Max Keenan dangerous? When he feels his loved ones are threatened... - Mega dangerous. - In your opinion, if Max Keenan felt that he was threatened or his family was threatened, could he do this? Totally. I mean, indubitably. Without hesitation? Without hesitation, without remorse without guilt. Without hesitation without remorse without guilt. Did you feel threatened by deputy director Kirby, Mr. Brennan? - No. - A sniper-trained, corrupt FBI agent hunting you and you weren't scared? I knew someone was after me, but not who. How did you know someone was after you? I was shot at. I was wounded. So it's fair to say you feared for you life. - Where were you staying at this time? - In my sister's apartment. Which is where deputy director Kirby was murdered. Where his blood was found, yeah. But you weren't when it happened. No. You knew someone was gunning for you, but you left the safety of your sister's apartment? It wasn't all that safe if someone got murdered there, right? No, it wasn't, Mr. Brennan. - Where were you that day? - Job interview. You were being stalked but it seemed like a good time to wander around looking for a job. No, not wander. I went to a specific job interview. What's wrong? I recognize when Caroline's catching a scent. What job? Objection, your honor. Relevance? If the people could have a little latitude the relevance will become apparent. I'm gonna allow it. Answer the question, please. A mechanic's job. And just how did you find out about this job opening? What? A sign in the window, an employment agency, the internet, a newspaper? Where'd you find this job? Objection, your honor! Overruled. My dad got me... the... the interview. Almost as though he wanted you out of the apartment. As if he knew that something was gonna happen and he wanted you out of the way. - Your honor... - Out of bounds, Miss Julian. Jury will disregard. I'm done with this witness, your honor. Cross, Mr. Barron? Did you father say or do anything that suggested he was trying to get you out of the way? No. - Thank you, your honor. - Miss Julian. The people rest, your honor. Will the defense be ready this afternoon, Mr. Barron? The defense requests a summary judgment because the prosecution has absolutely failed to prove their case against my client. Denied, Mr. Barron. Then we'll be ready this afternoon. What are you doing? Dr. Addy, the prosecution is required to share all information with the defense, not the other way around. That better not stain. It's not permanent. What are you doing here? I heard you were still looking at the victim's skeleton and wondered if you found anything I missed. - Not allowed to ask that. - I didn't ask anything. You asked me. I answered. You're not screwing with me, are you? You're just like this. Yes, this is exactly how I am. Your work is very, very good, Dr. Addy. Extremely thorough. Thank you. I am aware of that. Good luck this afternoon. I don't need luck, sport. I'm writing a book. Taking a clinical approach to efficacy and focused outcomes. You shouldn't work well together, but you do. I'd like to study it further. - I don't get it. - He wants to study us. Once a week. Nothing changes. Now, why would we want to do that? I can't think of a good reason. See? That thing that you do when you talk to each other while excluding the third party, namely me, it's an adaptive mechanism, for disparate entities to bond together against their own individual impetuses to dissociate. It's... it's what... - What does that mean for us? - Nothing useful. Tell you what. Why don't we make a deal with him where we allow him to study us. In return, he gives us psychological profiling on demand. Okay. You like that sort of thing, but I don't see the point. I just think he doesn't want to admit that he likes us. - Do you like us? - What? And he wants to spend time with us. Is that true? - You like us? - No. He really likes us. All right, you know what? I'm sorry I made the offer. I take it back. Forget it. Sweets is pretty good in the interrogation room. Yeah, profiling on demand, interrogation backup. Well, to be honest, I was impressed by his credentials. I'll tell him okay. Dr. Brennan, I found something. I do not like the look of that. Why? They look happy. All rise! This court is reconvened. They look smug. I don't like it. Any way clark found something you missed there, pal? I don't miss things. The defense calls Dr. Zack Addy to the stand. Your honor, I beg the indulgence of the court to allow our expert witness, Dr. Clark Edison to appear Pro Hac Vice. Objection, your honor. What grounds, Miss Julian? What's going on? They want clark to question Zack, not the lawyer. - I'm thinking. - Objection denied. Dr. Edison. Good afternoon. Dr. Addy, you identified this as the murder weapon. That's correct. Could you refresh the jury's memory, please? Yes. Striations found on the bone indicated a sharp-tipped weapon without a cutting edge. Also, the diameter of the pipe fits. That's correct, yes. And copper particulates. Can you identify this Dr. Addy? It is the entry wound in the mastoid made by the murder weapon. And this? This is the same wound stained red. Is this what you were doing this morning? And this? It appears to be the same wound blown up to approximately 120 magnification. Can you discern any microfractures in that photo? Yes. You sound surprised, Dr. Addy. - What did you stain this with? - Red food dye. Can you answer that question, please? These microfractures indicate that the weapon went in so deep, that the hilt hit the bone,'causing microfractures. The hilt. Could you please indicate the hilt on this weapon? I cannot. And why is that? There is no hilt. So this is not the murder weapon. Obviously not. You made a mistake. Yes, I was mistaken. Your honor, the defense requests a dismissal of all charges. The prosecution's entire case was built upon the identification of the murder weapon. Your honor, the people will need some time to properly review Dr. Edison's new evidence. How much time? Exactly as much time as it will take agent Booth to find - the actual murder weapon. - I'll meet with counsel in chambers. If you don't come up with a terrific argument, Miss Julian, Mr. Keenan is going home to his family tonight. All rise. Bones, I have a warrant here to search these premises for any weapon or implement congruent with the murder weapon. I could save you some time. No, Zack is gonna be the bone expert on this one. He'll be doing all the looking. Where'd Clark Edison learn that trick with the food dye? - I don't know that trick. - Zack... focus. How you doing there, Bones? When it looked like my father might go free, I got... this is very confusing for me. You liked the idea of him beating the murder charge? Yes. But he did it. We both know my father did it. Wanting your father to come home instead of going to prison, that's okay. But what I do... what we do is put murderers like him away. Okay. You're not Dr. Brennan today. You're Temperance. I don't know what that means. The scientist part of you got sidelined, temporarily. - I still don't know what that means. - Bones, just... Take the brain, okay, put it in neutral... take the heart, pop it in overdrive. Sometimes, I think you're from another planet. And sometimes I think you're really very nice. I found it. What is that? It's a misericorde. A sharp, unedged medieval copper dagger used for delivering a final, fatal blow. Also known as the "coup de grace." I'm sorry, Bones. As usual, I will ask the jury to refrain from speaking to each other about the case between now and when we reconvene tomorrow morning. At which time you will be prepared to remount your defense. Rise. Hey, kid, you did good. You had 'em on the run there for a while. Yeah, well, their case is much stronger now, so... My team... they're, they're really good. Maybe you could brag over them another time, Tempe. You know, maybe I can discredit the weapon. We're past forensics. Now it's about the story. Excuse me? Jurors like to think they know what happened. We did a good job in showing that maybe Max didn't commit this murder, but we didn't give the jury a satisfying alternative. One they can go home to their families and say here's what really happened. They need a bogeyman. And it's dad. Well, at least you guys will always know where to find me. What do you mean, on death row? You should have... you should have run, dad. You should have just taken off. Dad stayed for me. He knew that if he ran, we'd never see each other again. You stayed for me. I would have stayed here forever. It was worth every second... We had together. If I knew the bogeyman, how much warning would you need to make it work? A good story about five minutes. I have to talk to somebody. If the truth can't be proven, is it still the truth? You inviting me to breakfast to talk philosophy? A theory isn't even really a theory until it's challenged. It's just simply a hypothesis. I don't believe that a man should die based upon a hypothesis, do you? If you have a question, just ask it. I have a way to lodge reasonable doubt in the jury. We can't talk about this. Please, you're the person I talk to about things like this. No perjury involved? Just an interpretation of existing facts? An alternate story. You don't know that he did it, your old man. We both know he did it. No, not the way that you define "no." You know, with proof and all that. It's going to be enough for the jury. Jury's are the human factor in trial, all right? You never know what they'll do. You think it's all right to take advantage of that? Brain and heart, Bones. Brain and heart. You found particulates placing the accused at the scene of the murder, the seminary, and the rooftop where the victim was immolated? Yes. Was anyone else present at all three locations? Me. But I didn't kill the deputy director of the FBI. You had motive. He'd fired you that day, and threatened Ms. Julian. By the way, was she at all three locations? Objection. It's just rude to accuse me of murder. I count three people in this courtroom besides my client who had motive to kill Kirby. I'll allow it. Ms. Julian was never at the crime scene so you're stuck with me. And Dr. Brennan. I see where you're going with this. - Was Dr. Brennan at the seminary? - Yes. And your apartment, the same day? Yes. Do you recognize this? Yes, it's mine. So you are every bit as plausible a suspect as your father. Dr. Brennan is hyper-rational. She is capable of rationalizing almost anything. Including murder? It is the danger of the totally rational human being. But did she have a motive? Yes, she had motive. Kirby tried to kill her brother. Thank you. Bones was with me all day. She didn't have time to commit this murder? No, she did not. How did your son, Parker, get home from school that day? 45 minutes we were apart, but we talked on the phone. Plenty of time, wasn't it, agent Booth? Dr. Brennan could have burned the body hours later when you were safe at home. The witness will answer the question. That's a lot of heart, Bones. Your honor... Answer the question please, agent Booth. Could Bones have killed Kirby? Temperance Brennan, I've worked with this woman, I've stood over death with her. I've faced down death with her. And Sweets, he's brilliant, he is, but he's wrong. She could not have done this. I didn't ask you your opinion of Dr. Brennan's character. I asked you did she have time? Yes. She had time. Has the jury reached a verdict? Yes, your honor. So, are you going to charge her? You got to go back to school on this one. That's a fine woman there. Bones Season 3 Episode 13