Yankees off for two days. Which is why we live in the Confederate States of America, I guess, right? Our boys had set up a perimeter along this here creek. If we had been able to get supplies... I hate to rub it in, Duval, but you rebels had more soldiers surrender at Farmville than in any other battle of the war. You could always switch sides, join the winners. What the...? What is this? Oh, my God. Is that a dead soldier? - That's one of them Yankees we killed. - Yankee? That's a rebel yell if I've ever seen one. He's screaming for his mother. That's how you can tell this. General Sheridan, we got dead rebel over here, sir! - Dead Yankee...! - Dead rebel! - Clearly a rebel! - Clearly a Yankee! Is that work or Solitaire? Little brother, look at you. - How are you? - Good to see you. - I thought you were biking in India. - I was. You know what else? - I survived. - Survived. I biked through Sikkim. I hiked to the top of Himachal Pradesh. I learned a few dirty jokes in Hindi. You want to hear one? You didn't get yourself in any more trouble? Not unless you count falling in love. Falling in love. Really? How? I was swimming with elephants in the Andaman Islands, when out of nowhere, Padme swan dives off a cliff, nearly killing both of us. Padme Dalaj. It's a beautiful name, right? I'm thinking of asking this girl to marry me. You... Congratulations. That's... It's my special murder line. Okay, you... you go ahead and save the world. All right, I'll catch up with you later. Jared's only known her for a month. One month. The Confederate soldiers were so hungry, they scavenged seed and corn from horse excrement. Tasty. But who marries someone after a month? I thought you believed in love at first sight. In movies, all right? And not for Jared. Look at this. What is with the red dirt? Well, the pine needles left behind tannic acid, which acts like red dye. - Who are these guys? - He's right. And years of tobacco farming drained the land of nutrient. Which caused the topsoil to wash away... Which left behind ha clay. You're better informed scientifically than your apparel might suggest. As amateur historians, we've studied this battle, the terrain, - military maneuvers. - You don't say. Could you by any chance tell us if that's a fallen Union soldier, or a dead rebel? The angle of the jaw indicates a male. Otherwise, I can't tell anything until we get the remains back to the lab. - OK, we're gonna need a backhoe. - And a cement cutter. And a cement cutter. You really love the heavy machinery. This trauma to the sternum is degraded. It's as though the bone has demineralized over time. Maybe he got bayoneted, and then the clay leached out the calcium. During the American Civil War, diseases such as typhoid fever, dysentery and tuberculosis killed twice as many men as battle wounds. That could be relevant. - It is not. - Why? That was not a Civil War casualty. - Reconstructive surgery. - Titanium screws. Which were not introduced until the mid-sixties. Completely relevant to the matter at hand, I believe. It's going to be very difficult to extract the remains from this clay without damaging the bones. Perhaps we could spray it with liquid nitrogen? - Give it a short, sharp shock. - No. Freezing the clay with gas would make the bones brittle and could destroy evidence. But as an idea, the fast-freezing option needed stating. What happened? Spiders. I don't like spiders, and there are thousands of spiders coming out... I'll go get Hodgins. - I really don't like spiders. - I don't mind them, actually. Bones - Season 5 Episode 13 "The Dentist in the Ditch" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- The spider eggs were on the body before it was encased in the clay. The heat in the lab caused the eggs to hatch, and when you shone your flashlight, they headed for the light. Based on mandibular dentition, the victim is late 20s, early 30s. Dr. Hodgins, I can, still see one in his mouth. These bad boys are Frontinella communis. They're non-poisonous. Yeah, still with those gross spider faces and legs, though. This spider is not found in the area where the body was discovered. Indicating that the victim was most probably offed elsewhere. Any idea how to remove the body from the sediment? Well, I mean, if we remove the moisture from the clay, then it should just fall away without effecting the bones at all. I just need four dehumidifiers. You okay there, Dr. Saroyan? Yeah, I'm just itchy all over. I'm gonna go burn all of these clothes and maybe my hair. Some male spiders are known to actually... to pluck their webs, like a guitar, to attract the females. Someone should tell them, it's drummers that get the girls. We were in Bangalore visiting the Karnataka Belur temple when a pickpocket stole my wallet. Jared climbed onto the roof of the building and tackled the thief. You know, all that hero stuff? I learned it from my big brother. That along with hotwiring cars and stealing cable. - Jared's very proud of you. - What can I say? It's normal big brother stuff, that's all. I'm amazed at how good your English is. It's perfect. That happens when you grow up in Alexandria, Virginia. - I'm third generation American. - Yes, you are. Thank you for setting me up and making me look like idiot. It's normal little brother stuff. So, basically, you went all the way to India to meet a girl who lives down the street from you? Seeley thinks every decision I make is wrong. Like you said, typical big brother. So, what is it that you do for a living? - She's a bank robber. - It's a normal question, you know? She's very glamorous. I thought maybe she worked at some glamorous job. Hardly. I teach grade school. He's got a kid in third grade, Parker. There's no Parker at my school. She's the kid's favorite teacher, Seeley. Phosphate and calcium have leaked from the bones into the clay in several places, making the bones softer and the clay harder. I see you started with dentition. Interesting juxtaposition. Substandard dental work, but top-of-the-line materials. That might help with identification. I've seen that before in people who get their treatment at a dental school. Suggesting that the victim was poor. Specious leap, Mr. Nigel-Murray. Tendonitis in his elbow. The hook of the hamate shows wear from torque, rotational force and repeated tugging. I only have inappropriate comments off the phrase "repeated tugging. " These are occupational markers for many professions, including funeral directors, surgeons, dentists, mechanics. A dentist would most likely have his dental work done by other students, while in dental school. That would explain the work on his teeth. I'd like theories as to what might have caused the initial damage to the sternum. Even though it's been severely degraded by demineralization? I'll have to remove the rest of the clay first. I will get you to praise me, Dr. Brennan. I will have you look at me with admiration and astonishment at my... I'm sorry, were you speaking to me? I was simply... I was running through my knowledge of clay. You think your brother's girlfriend is <i>hinky?</i> Is that slang for pretty or buxom? No, it's just slang for iffy. Iffy is already slang. I don't see the need for slang for slang. The point is, there was just a hinky vibe between me and her. You know what? I don't expect you to understand. The victim's dental records confirm his identity. Dan Pinard. Dentist. Lives alone. - Are they happy together? - What? Jared and Padme. Do they seem happy? You've put a high premium on feelings. - Don't go twisting this around. - You used to think - that people could find true love. - I still do, but this is Jared. He only just got sober. Well, if he's sober, he should be able to find love. - I don't understand the rules. - There are no rules. There's just life. There's just life. Big house for a single man. Looks like he's doing some serious remodeling. Door's open. Hold on. - Hands up. - No, no, no. Okay. Okay, this is not what it looks like. - I'm allowed to be here. - Who are you? Lucas Pickford. My Social Security number is three-zero-eight, one-two... Okay, Mr. Pickford, what are you doing here? I'm Danny's contractor. I live over the garage. He said I could come in any time and use his TV. Danny is dead. He's dead? - That's where he's been? - That's right. He's been dead. I thought he just... met someone. Danny once took off for three weeks and never said a word. Big-screen TV, cold beer... it's not a great motive for murder, - but I've seen people killed for less. - Why would I kill Danny? He owes me money... like three grand. You shouldn't be hassling me. You should talk to his ex. They had a bad breakup. - Right. What's her name? - Chris. But she's a him. I mean, it's a Christopher Chris, not a Christine Chris. He rents a place on Dalgren Road. There's no faster way to clean the skeleton? Oddly, no. Not in a localized fashion. Dr. Brennan seemed very anxious to get at the sternum. Not to come across as in any way needy, but have you ever seen Dr. Brennan, compliment or praise one of us interns? I wouldn't worry about praise, Mr. Nigel-Murray. Strive for... mild approval. Then, back to work I go. Heigh-ho, heigh-ho. Did you... clean the victim's teeth? A small sign of respect for a dentist. If you want praise, I'd concentrate on the sternum if I were you. Something hit him there. Hard. Let's see if we can't figure out what that was and whether it killed him. I worked two jobs to put Dan through dental school. As soon as his practice was up and running, he dumped me. And since Virginia doesn't recognize gay marriage or civil unions, you weren't entitled to anything when he left you. - How is that fair? - It's not. I'm sorry to inform you that we have identified some human remains as Daniel Pinard. Wait. Dan is dead? - When was the last time you saw him? - I haven't heard from him, but... it's got to be a year. All right. Were you... Were you upset when he broke it off? What? Like you said, you didn't have any legal options. Not upset enough to kill. I moved on. I met someone after a couple months, and bygones are bygones, right? Is that everything? Because Danny was a part of my past, and like I said, I've moved on. No. I'd like to ask you, quite a few more questions, if you don't mind. I do mind, so, if you'll excuse me... What do you got there? Looks like an arrowhead. Is that yours? I'm a bow hunter... whitetail deer. I'm gay and I hunt. Get over it. That bow in his truck would generate sufficient velocity for this arrowhead to cause the trauma in the victim's sternum. What is she saying? She's saying you have a choice. Either you come with us willingly and answer my questions or... I arrest you. The damage to the sternum is not the cause of death. So, the ex is off the hook? At a velocity of 82 meters per second, a hunting arrow would not only pierce the sternum and the heart, but would sever the spinal column. I will point out, however, at the angry ex-boyfriend might still have killed the victim, but either he didn't use a hunting bow or he made an amazing shot from the absolute, the limit of the bow's range, which-which would be... very far. I sounded very much like Dr. Brennan then, did I not? Up until the "very far," yes. What did strike our victim in the chest? It could easily have been postmortem. Probably as a result of beingipped into a creek. So, we don't have cause of death. Rhubarb. Rhubarb? The victim was killed by rhubarb? Approximately ten kilos. All right. I'm usually pretty good with following your jumpy little brain, but you've left me in the dust here. If you can acquire for me the rhubarb, I can deliver unto you a skeleton free of clay. Rhubarb! Rhubarb it is. Okay, well, you know, our victim wasn't killed by an arrow. But hey, you know, the good news... our victim's dental hygienist says that he gave her hepatitis C. - The dental hygienist is gay, too? - I don't know. I'm going to ask her. Her? Did the victim have heterosexual relations - with his hygienist? - I don't know. I'm going to ask her. Miss Bryson, I'm Agent Booth. They said Dan is dead. What happened? We were hoping that maybe you would be able to help us with that. Me? How did you work this up without me? When I told Dr. Saroyan that the sternum wound was not caused by a hunting arrow, my brain jumped to different types of arrows, which led me to the image of a giant wasp, which was silly, but which then led me to stinging nettles, which are covered in thousands of little arrows, and on the tip of each tiny little arrow is a drop of oxalic acid, which not only stings, but works very well at dissolving silicates. Silicate causes clay to adhere... And rhubarb is full of oxalic acid. Okay. Next time someone says your brain is a jumble of disconnected chaos, you just send them to me. People say that? You need me to stir? Don't you have lots of spiders to trace? Well, there's over 30 separate breeding grounds within a 200-mile radius of the body site. I'm analyzing the egg sacks to see if I can narrow it down further. I've got some time. And this is so cool. You want to know if I had sex with Dan? You filed a grievance against him requesting the ADA revoke his license because he gave you hepatitis C. No, we didn't have sex. - Dan nicked me during a procedure. - Really? So, he nicked himself and you? - What about the patient? - It was while preparing a syringe. My husband and I tested positive after that. Who believed that story? - Did your husband believe that story? - It happened. How did you really get hepatitis C? Tell you what, before you answer that, this here's a report from the ADA saying that Dan never had hepatitis C. I had an affair. I got hep C. I just... I needed a way to explain it to my husband. So maybe you killed Dan, or your husband did. No, neither of those things happened. On the day Dan Pinard disappeared, he canceled all of his appointments so he could, go see Dr. Hibbert. Only problem is, we can't find this Dr. Hibbert. Dr. Hibbert is the name that Dan wrote in his appointment book when he canceled patients at the last minute. - Any idea who it might have been? - I was already fired. Right. You ran a background check on Jared's girlfriend? You do things like that for people you care about. - Do you do that when I go out? - Look, Bones, you're the one who says not to jump to conclusions without all the facts. But you always say, in matters of the heart... The heart is just a muscle. See? I'm learning from you. Anyways, this whole background check came up hinky. Hinky how? Four years ago, this woman was an escort. Jared's going to be crushed. Why? I'm sure she possesses sophisticated sexual skills, and if she's reformed... She's just reformed? She's a reformed escort. Well, maybe Jared already knows. No, he doesn't know. - How do you know that? - If he knew, he wouldn't be talking about getting married. He wouldn't be saying stuff like that. Look what Vincent did. He turned our victim into rhubarb pie. Fractures are evident on at least half a dozen bones, including possible cause of death. Fracture to the glabellar region on the frontal bone. Head trauma could definitely be cause of death. Tendonitis of the shoulder, broken ribs, knee trauma and a nick to the ankle. - That's all just the right side. - Sounds like he was tortured. He also had Bennett's fracture of the thumb, broken left clavicle, - and his knee... - You know what? These are all common football injuries. Some of the injuries are over a decade old, but others show almost no remodeling, which means... He was still active in the sport. A gay dentist who plays football. Do the significant looks you are exchanging mean that you doubt a gay man can play football and be a dentist? No. I mean, for me, the answer is no. What I'm thinking is that American football is a bastion of testosterone- fueled masculinity. Maybe one too many lingering glances in the locker room got him in trouble. Does that happen often? I mean, with me, it happened all the time. If I'd killed everyone who looked at me lustily, I wouldn't have made it out of school. There's only one amateur full-contact league in the DC area, so it wasn't hard to find out which team Dan played for. They are not unlike mountain rams that butt heads in an attempt to attract a mate. It's hard to believe that brain damage isn't a result. It's amazing. You can even make football sound bad. Come on, ladies. My little sister hits harder than that. Do you want me to get you a skirt? He's challenging their masculinity to enhance aggression. That's coach talk. It's the way coaches talk. Excuse me. Coach, FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth. This here is my partner, Dr. Temperance Brennan. Like to ask you a few questions about Dan Pinard. Yeah, he better be in prison. It's the only excuse I'll accept for how long he's been gone. We found his body. Oh my God. Did any of Dan's teammates or opponents have any problems with him? What, he was murdered? No, no. All the guys loved Dan. Is it possible that someone's masculinity was threatened and that person killed Dan because he was a homexual? Way to ease into that one. That's smooth. No, that's definitely not an issue with my guys. What makes your team so highly evolved? Meet the Cardinals, Agent Booth. We're all gay. Good hit! So, anybody here have any problems with Dan? Disagreements, arguments, fights? Everyone here joined this team because a lot of players don't want us on their teams. We're like family. No one here hurt Dan. - No way. - And you're all gay? I suppose, statistically, we could have 2 or 3 straights who are still in the closet. This is Dan's equipment bag. I found his protective headgear inside. That's a helmet, Bones. There's blood on the inside of the lip. It approximates the location of the fracture on Dan's forehead. The force could have cracked his skull and killed him. Are you sure nothing happened here? One of your guys, they probably could have hit Dan, a little too hard, try to cover it up. What? You lose your insurance, you're kicked out of the league. It was just an accident, right? All right, I'll tell you what. Anybody who's got plans for this weekend, just cancel 'em. Because of blood on a helmet? Because of blood inside of a football helmet. Isn't right? That's correct. I was draining the vat when I noticed these white things floating in the rhubarb stew. Spider eggs, right? No. The boiling water would have destroyed the eggs. - So what are they? - I have no idea. Always glad to sow confusion. This man endured a remarkable amount of abuse. It must have been tough. This ain't England, pal. Being gay in America is still a tough go. I was referring to being a football player. Yeah, I knew that. Four years ago Jared's girlfriend was a hooker? An escort. I believe, in the hierarchy of prostitution, an escort ranks equal to "high-class call girl". And now she teaches grade school? I don't see any other injuries to the bone that could be cause of death. That leads us back to the head trauma. Apparently the rule is: once a sex worker, always a sex worker. It really would have been better if Booth never ran her record. He said it was my influence, that it was the rational thing to do. No, sweetie, he's rationalizing, which makes what he did irrational because he's rationalizing that Jared cannot make rational decisions for himself... You do the same thing all the time. Maybe that's what he learned from you. In order to be fatal, whatever struck the frontal bone had to be pointed enough to pierce the brain. Now, wait a second. Is Booth going to tell Jared about this? I believe that's his plan. What if Jared and this woman are really in love? He could ruin everything. Well, not if, as Booth always asserts, love conquers all. This is going to be one hell of a test case. I ran blood tests on the items in Dan's athletic bag. I found evidence of someone else's blood. Football is a contact sport. There are bound to be traces of other people's DNA on his uniform. This was more than a trace, and it wasn't on his uniform. It was all over his towel. We ran it through CODIS and got a match. 32-year-old man named Cyd Zigler. Zigler is a firefighter and a former marine. He lives in Greenbelt, Maryland. He plays for one of the, the other teams in Dan's league. - One of the straight teams? - Yeah, was a big game. Zigler fumbles, the victim recovers, scores a touchdown, game over. Well, I doubt even a homophobe would kill for that. Yeah, but a fight ensues. So they fought? If Dan won a physical altercation in front of both teams, then there's a certain personality type that might feel impugned enough to strike back. - Go on. - Gay guy beats up a certain type of straight guy, straight guy can't handle it. That's what I wanted to know. Now, did the victim and Zigler have any contact since their fistfight? The two of 'em, they played against each other in a game the weekend before Dan disappeared. Seeley, your message sounded urgent. What's going on? Thanks for the gay insights. You're welcome. You got that big brother look all over your face, like the time you had to tell me the puppy I brought home was a rat. - That sort of happened again. - What the hell are you talking about? There are some things that you need to know about Padme. You ran a background check on my girlfriend? She was arrested for prostitution 4 years ago. Shut up, Seeley. The charges, they didn't stick, but you need to know she was an escort. You just can't see me happy. That's not true. If I were you, I'd want to know if my girlfriend hide something. No, you wouldn't. I have watched you for years. I learned. You would make your own judgment. You wouldn't care what people said. You'd say exactly what I'm gonna say. Go to hell. I called him a fag, the dude kicked my ass, - end of story. - You got a problem with gays? No, that was over a year ago. Look, what's this all about? I'm trying to put together a sequence of events before Dan Pinard disappeared. Disappeared? W-What do you mean "disappeared"? We found your blood on his towel. I-I cut myself during a game... big gash on my leg. Danny used his towel to stop the bleeding. - What do you mean "disappeared"? - He came up to you in the locker room and he presses that towel on your leg? I thought... It was only me. I thought Danny didn't want to see me anymore. I-I called him, I went by his place a hundred times. Nothing. Why do you think he didn't want to see you again? Because, Danny had it all figured... who he was. I wasn't ready. To come out of the closet. For any of it. That made Danny mad sometimes, frustrated. Is Danny dead? You think I killed him. Danny was... The only time I've ever been happy was with Danny. I wouldn't expect you to understand. I don't guess anyone would understand. - Looks like cause of death to me. - Cause of death, yes, yes, but I cannot discern the cause of the cause of death, so to speak. Okay, bugs and slime, pal. Different discipline entirely. There appear to be three separate fractures on the skull. We couldn't see them before because all of the fracture lines connect. The victim was hit three times. Dr. Brennan thinks that the brain was pierced - when the skull was hit. - Brain piercing, sounds very death-causing to me. The beveling on the exterior of the skull suggests that all three fracture points emanate from inside the skull. His forehead exploded from the inside out. Again, very deathy. Wait a minute. What would cause someone's forehead to explode from the inside? I was hoping that you'd say it had something to do with those bulbous seedy jobbers that I thought were spider eggs. I mean... Wow? What wow? So Zigler was a marine. He gets married to a woman, it lasts six years. Why? - Why did it last six years? - Why did he get married? Most likely Zigler was trying to conform to social norms. In many cultures, homosexuality is revered. Anthropologically, it makes no sense for heterosexuals to be threatened by homosexuals because they are removing themselves from competition for mates. So Zigler forces himself to conform, and the dentist comes along and forces, you know, Zigler to confront... Zigler couldn't come to terms with his sexual orientation, so when the victim elicited this flood of unwanted feelings in him, he transferred the self-loathing from himself to the victim. Native Americans believed that homosexuals were of two spirits, held them in high esteem. So what's the problem? It's no problem. I was a soldier. Gay guys saved my life in battle more than once. So are you saying that if a former prostitute saved your life in battle, that would solve the problem with Jared's girlfriend? What? You're going to bring that up right now? It's a rational question. Sorry, Jared's involved with a prostitute? Former prostitute. What? Did you run a background check on Jared's girlfriend? Why is everybody saying that to me like it's some sort of terrible thing? 'Cause it is. I'm just looking out for my brother, so can we just, you know, focus on the case? The fact that the suspect carries in his wallet a photo of them doesn't really jibe with homosexual panic. Thanks, that's all I need to know. Thanks, appreciate it, Sweets. - That was... - I have to go, too. Thank you, for your invaluable psychological insights into the human condition. Do you know what Vincent Nigel-Murray is? He's a genius. But so are we all, except for Angela. Right, and yet, who do you turn to when you need pretty pictures? Dr. Hodgins figured out what caused the fracture to the frontal bone. Vincent found these small particulates floating in the rhubarb stew, right? I identified them as silica phytolith, which is a a razor-thin, clear hard shell which protects seeds. The victim was tossed into the creek bed where his body quickly decomposed. Flooding from the rain washed the clay and debris into that creek bed, which encased the body. In all that muck, three periwinkle seeds became embedded within the victim's skull. It's called floral turbation. Over time, soft can become even harder than hard, like a sliver of grass that grows through cement. The same kind of process that causes tree roots to destroy pipes. So a seedling fractured the frontal bone? Three of them. So head trauma was not cause of death. We have no cause of death. Did she seem disappointed to anyone else? She definitely seemed disappointed to me. The pollen from the egg sack is from hickory pine trees. But they don't grow where the body was. She didn't even want me to help her examine the bones. Okay, you're not listening to me. The-the keening shriek of intern anxiety is interfering with my hearing. There is a slice on the medial malleolus. Yes, duly noted in my report. But you didn't note what that might mean. I would, most definitely have done so, if-if I had the slightest inkling of what it might mean. Whatever caused the nick on this bone must have cut the posterior tibial artery. Oh, yes. Tissue. Um, posterior tibial artery... massive bleeding. Dude, you should totally just toss culpability onto Cam. I need to know if the weapon that caused this left any trace in the bone. Vincent's rhubarb stew completely washed away all the surface particulates. See how that's done? We can sand down the top layer of bones cells and analyze what lies beneath. Thank you. My bad. You can't blame Mr. Nigel-Murray. The nick was on the bone, but I should've realized the implications for the flesh. - And I didn't. - I agree. Then why are you letting him worry that he's disappointing you? Mr. Nigel-Murray should be aware by now that I don't hold others to my level of expertise. Otherwise I'd have no one to help me. How would he know that if you don't tell him? Tungsten carbide, which is a compound used to coat various types of tools. Including dental tools. I distinctly remember saying to you once, "Good job, Mr. Nigel-Murray." - I'm saying it again now. - Cheers. Brilliant, that. One of the suspects was Dan's dental hygienist... Grace Bryson. - Where does she live? - Fairfax, Virginia. Okay, the pollen I found in the sheet weaver spider's egg sack came from hickory pine trees. Don't grow where the body was, but you can find them all over that part of Virginia. Motive, theoretical weapon, spiders. That should be enough for an arrest. According to Grace's statement, she and her husband were at a yoga retreat when Dan Pinard disappeared. The retreat was in Silver Spring. That's close enough to drive back, kill Dan and then return to the spa. Right. It could be both her and her husband. When your gut speaks to you, do you think it could be an increase in stomach acid, due to anxiety? I feel some anxiety. About what? About your sudden abandonment of a belief system. It's making my stomach upset. You are really just... crack a window there. Just get some air. You told me that my father's criminal past didn't matter. That the love between us was real and that was all that mattered. Because I believed you, my father and I have a relationship today. I'm glad I could help out. But I'm anxious because I can't see any meaningful difference between my father and your brother's girlfriend. Can you explain that to me? It's a question of logic, so I'm going to be quiet while you work your way through it. I already told you where I was, at the yoga retreat. But you would have had more than enough time to leave the retreat and return. I didn't. So, can you leave me alone? After Dan fired you, you couldn't find a job. That wasn't Dan's fault. That was the hepatitis. Ms. Bryson, do you own a set of dental tools? I had to buy a set when I was in school. Why? Can we see 'em? Not without a warrant. When did you put in this driveway? - Excuse me? - When were these paving stones laid? A few months ago. Is there something illegal now about that? - What's going on? - Look at the stones. You know, these stones look just like the ones that were at Dan's house. It's the same contractor. Lucas. I met him at Dan's office, before I was fired. He said he had some extra materials left over from Dan's job and he could give me a deal. A scam. Lucas was reselling the supplies that Dan had already paid for. I didn't know that. Was Lucas working on the driveway when you were at the yoga retreat? He was finished by the time we got back. Was the fastest he ever finished anything. We need to dig these up. Backhoe and a cement cutter. The bottom of the paving stones are covered in blood. All the samples I've taken are a match for the victim. He bled out on the ground. Then it was paved over. Behold, Lucas Pickford's grout scraper. He used it for installing the paving stones. - Coated in tungsten carbide. - Tell me it's a match. It is, in fact, a perfect match for the injury to the victim's ankle. Cheers. Brilliant. No, she didn't say anything. I-I discerned a lovely... a little glint of approbation in her eye. I-I admit it. We had an argument. About the paving stones? - Yeah. - Did you call him something? A vulgar slur for "homosexual?" In the heat of the moment, maybe. But you should've heard what he was calling me! Dan knocked me down and he started kicking me. So I grabbed the scraper, and swung it at him to get him off me. Self-defense. Yeah, that's it. I... I'll admit it. It was self-defense. Yeah, except you didn't call 911. No. You just watched him bleed to death, and then you dumped his body in a ditch. If he charged me with theft, I lose my license. My whole livelihood. For what? A few dozen paving stones? The guy attacked me for a few dozen paving stones. You robbed him. You lied about it, and you called him a "fag." To him, that was a big deal. I'm sure Jared wants to talk to you alone. He asked you. I don't want to be in a fight. There's going to be no fighting. I promise, all right? So, you really think I was wrong? I don't know. But I fail to see the point of being right. I've really been thinking about what you said. What if I ruined it for him? What if he was really happy with her? You would never forgive yourself. - Thanks. - On the bright side, - he might totally ignore you. - Great. Thank you. Well, perhaps Jared will think for himself. Isn't that all you've ever really wanted for him? Sorry we're late. Padme, this is Temperance Brennan. This is my brother's partner, slash friend. - Nice to meet you. - Pleasure. Here we are. Think we can talk outside, privately? Whatever you want to say, you can say to both of us. See, we don't have secrets, Seeley. Never did. About anything. I suspect Jared is implying that he already knew about Padme's past as an escort. Great, thanks. I got that. Jared and I have come to grips with... everything. So, the question is: Are you in or are you out? - I'm in. - Good. Good, 'cause I really wanted to know if you'd be my best man. So soon. It's only been, what, a month? What? She kicked me under the table. Pretty sure she was aiming for you. Definitely meant for me. If that's true, I like her. I'd like to make a toast. What is this? It's her new thing. She's really good at it, though. - Maybe we should get some champagne. - No, Jared is an alcoholic. No secrets. When Booth and I first met, I didn't believe that such a thing as love existed. I maintained that it was simply brain chemistry. But perhaps Booth is correct. Perhaps love comes first and then creates the reaction. I have no tangible proof, but... I'm willing to accept Booth's premise. To love. To love. To love.