We know it's a crater, Bones The question is, what caused it? You should ask a geologist I can tell you for sure it's not a meteor You get a look what's inside? Not for long. State Troopers didn't want anyone getting near it until you people got here That's very nice of them But what did it look like? I'm pretty sure it was meat Meat wearing clothes What do you want to do? Let's take a look So what do you think? Dead? Just saying if he fell out of a plane that plane is long gone by now No sign of a parachute What do those shoes look like to you? Loafers He hit the ground at approximately 200 kilometers per hour How can you tell that by his shoes? 124 miles per hour is terminal velocity for a falling human So we're going to go with the theory that this was once human? I've never read about an alien encounter in which the aliens wore loafers How much you want to bet Hodgins has? The crows and critters sure made quick work of him Yeah, But these Calliphora vicina eggs will confirm time of landing Blowflies on aliens Who knew? You're taking a shot at me because I happen to believe that we are not all alone and in an infinity of space? It's not the believing in extraterrestrial life that's odd It's the believing that they're visiting us This guy is wearing loafers Aliens don't wear loafers, people Even if they want to pass unnoticed amongst us? no before taking us over? Oh. Oh, this is harassment You know, it's illegal to mock people for their fundamental beliefs Is the tissue damage consistent with a long fall? Definitely You've seen something like this before? Suicide off the Chrysler Building At least this one didn't hit pavement A human being reaches terminal velocity after falling 200 to 220 meters depending upon air resistance Velocity would be achieved between five and eight seconds depending upon atmospheric conditions body position and clothing He fell from a minimum of 1,200 feet I can run through the math if you'd like - Send me an e-mail - This is I want to say anomalous but I'm going to go with weird - What's weird? - These areas of radiolucency here and here - Extremely porous bones - What's that mean? That means he was ill His right, femoral head shows significant demineralization - Zack? - I'd put him at 130 130 what? - Years - Old? There's an alternate explanation Then that's the one we should go with He was in outer space So he fell from outer space in a pair of loafers Hodgins left too soon Bones 219 www.1000fr.com present Sync:FRM@mzinfo The FAA reports no recent accidents involving anyone falling from a plane, balloon or blimp commercial or otherwise The FAA doesn't have jurisdiction over the entire universe my friend Little green men? Gray, They're gray Not green, Gray Being as you're half alien yourself you should know that If they dropped him from orbit he'd have burned up and his loafers would have fallen off If he wasn't an abductee tossed out of an interplanetary spacecraft why do his bones show that he has spent an extended time in outer space? The only rational explanation is that he was an astronaut Astronauts lose two percent of their bone mass for each month spent in space Our victim's legs hips and lower vertebrae have demineralized over 20% indicating ten months in space Do we do that? The longest shuttle flight was STS-80 17.66 days, in 1996 The longest we know of The man who's spent the most time in space was a Russian cosmonaut That we know of Why do you know that? My knowledge is vast Why did I ask? Anyway, there can't be all that many people who have accumulated ten months in space That we know of Call Booth Tell him to see if anyone's missing an astronaut Meet Colonel Calvin Howard Senior Training Specialist and Crew Liaison in the shuttle program currently working in the National Space Agency in Bristol, Maryland Angela just sent me her work in progress off the partial skull reconstruction She says we expected too much too soon but the shape of the head the cheekbones... Close enough for jazz Oh. Six months in the International Space Station plus a number of servicing missions to both the Hubble and Lansing telescopes Wait. Does that add up to the right amount of bone rot? Loss.Bone loss And... yes Has anyone reported him missing? No. Not exactly Not exactly? We know astronauts are regarded as viable terror targets Their whereabouts? Extremely confidential Bet if you told the Agency you were going to identify Colonel Howard to the press they would be a little more cooperative Yeah. You know, I have been a wonderful influence on you Actually I learned that move from Cam Yeah, well, I went the other way with it, okay? Looked up his wife in the phone book Did my husband die in some kind of training accident? We don't believe so ma'am. No It couldn't have been How do you know that? Because the Space Agency would be all over this You're probably right They wouldn't let anybody else take the lead not even us You say your husband left the day before yesterday? On what airline? Cal flies himself What kind of plane? He has a turboprop Cessna out at McNichol What exactly does a Senior Training Specialist and Crew Liaison do? We're not supposed to discuss these things For the past three years Cal's been training others to go up Because he lost his medical clearance? How did you know that? His X-rays show that he was suffering from a dramatic loss of bone density Must have been hard on the colonel training others to do what he'd love to do No, Cal was a team player He was training her husband James for almost a year Actually it was very hard on him It would be hard on any of them All they ever do is think about going back into space and all we ever think about is getting them back home Is there some kind of rule that astronaut's wives travel in packs? When you marry an astronaut no one really understands, except... Except other people who are in the same situation This is Cal's itinerary Mainly when he intended to call me and... when he'd be back You expected your husband home today? Yeah Yeah. I just need to know if it's still in the hangar or not It's a Cessna turboprop plane registered to Colonel Calvin Howard Thanks It just seemed so odd Those women stick together like a harem What? They support each other, you know? A lot of service wives are like that What about astronauts' husbands? Look, their husbands train for years, Bones Their families invest their entire lives Yeah Are you sure? Okay. Great. Thanks Well, plane's still in the hangar Well, if that's the plane he got tossed out of then it didn't fly itself back If someone simply pushed him out of the plane there might not be any evidence We have to hope there was a struggle Excuse me Could I see some I.D., please? Yeah. Sure. I'll show you mine if you show me yours Right. Here you go That airplane belongs to the Agency Our information is that it belongs to Colonel Calvin Howard - The Agency leased it to him - Well, it's being investigated as a possible crime scene You're Colonel Howard's boss? Yes. Nina Sanborn I carry a rank equivalent to an Air Force general Hmm. Why didn't you report him missing, General Sanborn? Equivalent, I said I'm a civilian Cal was... Colonel Howard wasn't missing He was barely gone a day General Sanborn I know you people are really tight-lipped but I'm really good friends with a very aggressive federal prosecutor who is great at getting warrants Agent Booth? We got the usual fibers hair, particulates No blood? No sign of a struggle? Nothing. You'll have my full report by the end of the day Great. Okay, I need to know what Colonel Howard was working on at the time of his death Get your warrant Agent Booth Dr. Brennan Hey, excuse me, Equivalent- to-a-General Sanborn I got that warrant Why didn't you just tell her that right away? I was hoping we could all be friends Let me see that These are the documents you subpoenaed from the Agency? Yeah, but all the info is blacked out Want me to see if I can get anything out of this? Can you? No. I'd need originals These are photocopies Then why did you offer? Well, why else would you ask me here? You're a conspiracy nut and I thought you'd enjoy filling in the blanks With paranoid ravings? Better than nothing Lansing Telescope - That mean anything to you? - Yeah A multi-gazillion-dollar deep space, multifrequency telescope that keeps needing repairs Why did you say it like that? It doesn't need repairs There's no rust in space The so-called "repair crews" are up there retrieving classified information What classified information? The telescope is pointed up at the planet Pluto Pluto's no longer a planet It was demoted And if the Lansing was pointed away from the Earth why would they need to black out all this material? Can I ask you a question? Yeah What's the deal on proposing to--- you know a woman? I mean, what is the absolute proper way to do it? I don't know. The one time I did it, I got shot down flat Did you do it by the book? Mm-hmm No... We were waiting for the stick to turn blue or not to turn blue and I realized I wanted to marry her if the stick was blue or not Yeah, that's sort of what I did only without the sticks You asked Angela to marry you? Apparently I didn't do it right Do it again Go all out this time, right? With the dinner and the getting down on one knee, the violin Forget the violin Hey, hey with his bone density Colonel Howard sure as hell wasn't going back into space again Yeah, I know, that's why he was training his replacement His replacement? For what? To repair the Lansing Telescope Oh, brothers-in-arms my brother That replacement's the guy who can tell you things the Agency doesn't want you to know Ah Makes you feel small doesn't it? Because the picture's so big? No, because the universe is so big You're not looking at the universe You're looking at an enlarged photograph of Earth You see one thing and I see another thing Personally, I like what I see Agent Booth Dr. Brennan I'm afraid Commander Adams is scheduled for time on the A300 Zero-G You're welcome to talk to him there The Zero-G? The Vomit Comet Makes no sense Man flies eight missions into space and he falls out of a plane? I don't think so Look, you don't know anyone who would want to throw him out of a plane? Look, I don't mean to tell you your work but shouldn't you be tracking down everyone who flew over that particular piece of real estate? We are, but not everyone filed flight plans And not everyone sticks to flight plans And you didn't answer the question I don't know anyone who didn't like and respect Cal Howard All these itineraries-- people keeping secrets even from their spouses Look, sir, I understand you have to ask questions like these but Cal Howard and Jean Marie were a very solid couple Did you ever get drunk together? What? What my partner is trying to ask is if you two were buddies Go out and have drinks and exchange confidences? Yes, that's what I asked Yeah, sure of course, at times So you would have known if his marriage was in trouble? Yes, sir, I would How can you be sure? Because Cal knew when I was unfaithful to my wife Colleen? Right. You guys met her at Cal's place Look... that has to stay between us Strictly between us Cal Howard was my friend, my colleague and my teacher If somebody tossed him from an airplane I'll do whatever I can to help Why do I get the feeling you want to tell us something? Commander Adams prepare to go weightless We're about to go weightless As the plane reaches the apogee of a climb and then falls we will have 15 to 20 seconds of weightlessness That was great Oh, man, you're not kidding I would like very much to do that again I believe you were about to tell us something Cal was talking to the STC The what? Space Travel Coalition It's a privately funded space exploration and tourism group And... did you? Did we what? Did we what? Vomit in the Comet? No, I didn't vomit I'm sure they were trying They can try me any time It was truly amazing She had a little bit too much fun, okay? So what's with this whole thing about space tourism? Oh, celestial joy rides for gazillionaires Selling seats on a spaceship that don't even exist yet And won't be viable for at least another few years That's what they want you to think but these guys are swimming in dough I already bought my ticket I want to see what's going on up there with my own eyes What? These are the victim's clothes? Yes You'd like me to do what with them? Construct a three-dimensional hypothesis of what caused this damage to the clothing Falling from an airplane isn't enough? That would explain the burst seams and pressure tears but this seems to be... Slashes yeah, When Zack gets ahold of the bones maybe you two can figure out if something catastrophic happened to this man You mean before he fell to Earth? Yes Go do your magic Now? Are you certain you can't do what needs to be done with X-rays alone? Do you need continued access to the soft tissue? Why would the body burst vertically when all the forces are horizontal? Ah, so you need more time with the soft tissue to answer that? Not really Please explain to me your reluctance to remove the flesh from the bones I'm all right with it, Zack if it's absolutely necessary even the boiling part... but perhaps you could at least acknowledge that this is a person Was, you mean Was someone's husband, Zack What does that have to do with removing the flesh from his bones? Fine. Do what you have to do Thank you Igor I beg your pardon Dr. Saroyan? Nothing Hey, Bones I ran a check on STC They're part of the tin-foil hat squad What's that? They wear tin little hats Probably to keep aliens from controlling their minds Oh, schizophrenics It's hard to believe that Colonel Howard was part of an organization like that Do they have access to planes? Access? You kidding me? They actually have a "border patrol division" Members fly their own private planes and do bimonthly sky patrols in search of UFOs Do they file flight plans? Bones, you're a genius Look, two nights ago they had planes on UFO patrol within spitting distance of where Colonel Howard's body was found Look, we're not a collection of kooks Just ordinary people with a mission to promote a friendly liaison with the Visitors That's quite a manifesto Until you've had an encounter you couldn't possibly understand You've been abducted? Multiple times Mm-hmm Through hypnosis I've discovered that medical testing was done and follow-ups were required Are there any side effects from these medical procedures? You mean like tin hats? Paranoia outbursts of anger loss of connection with reality? You asked me to come I'm here I run a very successful aeronautics engineering company I'm richer than God Do I appear to have lost contact with reality? Well, what about post abduction syndrome? Similar to post traumatic stress disorder P.A.S. is very real I admit to bouts with it Frankly, it's one of my main motivators When we meet the Visitors face-to-face they will explain so many things to us Including why you were taken And why they put an implant in me Only then to remove it Great - Do you, uh... know this guy? - Colonel Howard, Of course - So it's true that you offered him a position with the STC? - Yes As a method of bringing credibility to your organization? Yes, but you have to understand it was Colonel Howard who came to us Why? He wanted to pilot our suborbital flights Till your spaceships were ready he was going to help you look for the UFOs Laugh if you must, but Cal didn't think we were crazy He'd seen something himself up there, you know And he's hardly the first Quite a few astronauts and military pilots have reported seeing evidence of the Visitors - Colonel Howard told you this? - Yes, he did So trust me, I'd have been proud to be the one who sent Cal Howard back into space Would have been? He changed his mind Six weeks ago That didn't make you a little angry? No, not angry Disappointed Great, Then you wouldn't object to my partner and I taking a look at your fleet of planes? No, not at all Why do you think Colonel Howard changed his mind? They got to him Through his wife I believe They? The Agency They can be very persuasive Persuasive? In my opinion, the Agency would rather have Cal die than have him announce to the world he'd seen a Visitor That's not true The Agency loved Cal They valued him Why didn't you tell us about STC? Because it's embarrassing Cal wanted to get back into space so badly he would even listen to those crazy people Did you husband see something up there? Yes, something that made him sympathetic with Mr. Bahr's organization? Well, obviously you know that he did... or he said he did And you doubted him? It doesn't really matter now You know, that was three years ago It was his last mission And the Agency explained it in such a way that Cal was satisfied Look, it's important that we know the truth, Mrs. Howard Why? Because from what I've seen your husband was a man of principle and if he saw something he wouldn't just back down to save his career with the Agency Even if his wife begged him to He insisted on filing an official report He wouldn't withdraw it - They asked him to? - Yes But he stuck by his story They weren't happy with him but like I said that's ancient history Cal's friend knew about the STC his wife knew Maybe the Agency did as well What, so they killed him by tossing him out of an airplane? That field is less than a mile from the coastline Obviously they were aiming at the ocean and they missed Well, the question is why? It's a big ocean, right? - There has to be a reason - Maybe it wasn't a UFO that Cal saw - Ah... - He could have seen something else Oh, yeah, like-- a death beam or a space baby I was thinking more along the lines of a spy satellite or experimental technology No, Maybe the Agency was afraid that Cal was sharing sensitive information with the SCT Well, regardless our government does not kill people okay, Bones? You were a sniper Wasn't it our government who sent you to kill people? Just saying Mmm something smells good Help yourself Ho! These definitely human bones? 'Cause apparently there are a few types of aliens races, if you will One is quite reptilian widely known as "Grays" Definitely human Another's bone structure's more amphibian These bones are as human as you are Oh, if you only knew how irony-packed that is It's a joke Don't you be coming around to boil me in the middle of the night There's a strange callous formation on his right femoral head Also bone marrow edema in the same spot Healing from a fracture? No. Some kind of tuberous cortical defect I've never seen anything like this before Now you're freaking me out I have to get Dr. Brennan to take a look at this It looks like he was in the initial stages of osteonecrosis What did you get from the tox screen? Excess levels of vitamins D K, E, A and C along with glutamine peptides and creatine monohydrate All the supplements he was taking before his last space mission There's something odd about the texture of this bone Leucine isoleucine and valine He foresaw going back into space This is not bone What is it? A callous has formed over some kind of thick porous substance Careful It's an implant of some kind I never saw anything on the X rays How could that not show up on X rays? What the hell is this? Zoantharia of the order scleractinia Scleractinia has a calcium- carbonate exoskeleton with a porosity similar to human bone Which would make it biocompatible So it wouldn't show up on X rays Wait. So this is coral like from a reef? Suspended in a biphasic hydroxyapatite-tricalcium- phosphate coating Theoretically, the calcium from the exoskeleton would grow hopefully overcoming the loss of his degenerating bone Then this attachment would be...? An electromagnetic device implanted to accelerate growth So it's a combination of human and alien technology Don't say that to Booth But if that's the case then all the vitamins and amino acids he was loaded up with work mainly to ward off infection And he'd need them, too Bone marrow's highly susceptible This is a very risky procedure I got to say it-- Frank Olson He was a U.S. Army scientist in the '50s and an unwitting participant in Project MK Ultra They said he committed suicide but an exhumation 45 years later proved he was murdered You need more Project Paperclip MK Artichoke and who could forget Tuskegee? The government experiments on people and then abandons them or worse What's the point of this experiment? The main obstacle to long-term space travel is bone demineralization If the space program could overcome this one effect their funding would triple overnight Well, there you go Experimental program for deep space fails and the evidence has to be gotten rid of By tossing it from a plane? Why not just have the visitors toss him into the sun? That is a good question No, it's not Sometimes when people try to cover things up it goes wrong, that's all First thing we should do is find out the source of this technology Colonel Reid was Cal's commanding officer on three missions So you were the person to whom he reported the UFO sighting? Oh, for God's sake You see what happens? You people get all secretive about things and... What Cal saw was space junk It was satellite parts a discarded hatch a screwdriver That information isn't cleared Sounded like more than a screwdriver Well, it wasn't Cal just thought we should be able to explain why it was whizzing around space at 25,000 miles an hour and that's all Was Colonel Howard in a cast recently? Last winter said he broke his leg parasailing in the Caribbean All of our astronauts suffer from brittle bones I stepped off a ladder once and my tibia snapped like a twig Why do you ask? Because of this We found it in Colonel Howard's leg We think it's designed to counteract the effects of osteonecrosis Experimental surgery on one of our astronauts? Absolutely not Our efforts to counter bone loss are limited to strength-and-resistance training and supplements I trust you have documentation Follow me Thank you Colonel have you ever seen anything any screwdrivers up there? There's an awful lot up there to see, Doctor Trick is not to let it cloud your judgment Did it ever cloud Cal's? Never, not once And yet he wanted to go back into space so badly in spite of the physical damage it had caused him the pain he was in Let me show you something You see this? That's me And that there, that's Cal 20 minutes I spent out there that day and it is the last thing I think about every night I can imagine... No. All due respect you really can't This was the best moment of my life, counting marriage kids, everything I'm not saying that's good or right but I do know it was the same for Cal for all of us who went up there And we would do anything we could to get back This coral's growth was aided artificially It was seeded with resin beads on glass plates Which makes it rare enough to trace to a pharmaceutical supply house based in Geneva, Switzerland I searched the literature There's a number of clinics and researchers working on bone replacement The doctor most likely to have performed this procedure on our victim is Dr. Henry Pascal In Switzerland? Based in Bethesda with a clinic in Haiti plus he worked for the space agency until 1998 What happened? He lost his funding and turned to the private sector namely the Space Travel Coalition The foil hat squad funds this guy? Booth is going to love that - Why? - Because he doesn't believe in coincidences Cal wasn't on vacation when he hurt his leg He was in Haiti for a convention Can you think of any reason Colonel Reid would tell us a different story? No Please, what what's going on? We found evidence in your husband's remains that he underwent an experimental surgery in Haiti What kind of experimental surgery? To replace his bone loss That sound like him? Yes Was it like your husband to keep it a secret from you? Yes Cal wouldn't want me to worry Cal Howard's skeleton before... and after he fell to Earth Every bone showed trauma His clothing before... and after he fell to Earth Ripped every seam pulled apart If I make the clothing translucent... we can see that some of the clothing damage lines up with the trauma to his skeleton And if you isolate the bone damage caused by a device capable of making robust cuts in a linear path... The guy was chopped he chopped? Yeah. Clothing damage flesh wounds Bone damage He was chopped Ange, tonight you and me reservations at Les Deux Copains 8:00 Wow, fancy Suit-and-gown fancy, baby So leave your mukluks at home What's the occasion? An ax or hatchet or machete makes sharp well-defined cuts These edges are abraded This our guy? Hey, do aliens use any weapons resembling a...? A broadsword? How about a light saber? No, those can cut through any known substance The victim would have been completely dismembered If they existed, Zack Makeup hair done high heels the whole enchilada Only whatever's French for "enchilada" No mukluks. Got it Dr. Pascal Colonel Calvin Howard is dead Not because of anything I did Wow, didn't even blink Colonel Howard sought me out I know how he died? Let's just say it was a really bad fall And what's this got to do with me? Was your procedure a success? How do you define success? Just answer the question That's actually a fair question The results were heartening There were extremely painful calluses growing over your implant I'd very much like to see that And there was no indication of an actual reversal of necrosis The calluses were part of the healing process See, coral resorption is slow but effective as a scaffold for osteoprogenitor cells Incorporating the electrode was speeding the process In my opinion Cal was only months away from having mature lamellar bone No way to know for sure now right? - Correct - Probably to your benefit to terminate your experiment before it went wrong Keep those venture capitalists on the edge of their seats You think I pushed Colonel Howard off a ladder Or out of an airplane Look, you can have all my data my projections everything Colonel Howard goes on the next shuttle mission to repair the Lansing Telescope I'm in every medical journal in the country That mission's a month away Would his body have been ready? At the rate Cal was healing I believe so Did anyone at the Agency know about this? We were going to petition them officially next month Look, you may not like me but I was his savior and he was mine I didn't kill Colonel Howard Somebody's lying to us, right? Yeah, maybe everybody Well, this is your strength reading people's minds telling them they're lying My strength? Wait a sec The trouble is-- no, no,-- you haven't given me anything that I can spring on the suspect to see how he reacts - Like what? - Oh, like a murder weapon or whether or not the poor bastard was dead before he hit the ground Zack and Angela say he was Okay, well, that's something Dead how? Best guess right now a broadsword A broadsword? Like King Arthur? Yes Broadsword You know what, Bones I like the whole alien thing much better. Broadsword? Where do you people come up with this stuff? I didn't say an actual broadsword I said, "Like a broadsword" It was the closest analog I could access No traces from the weapon left on the bone? Traces are left when the weapon cuts deeply into the bone Whatever this was wasn't very sharp Left nothing behind How about shape? The pattern is consistent with sharp-force trauma from a curved blade approximately 65 millimeters thick And if I am late for dinner I will find whatever it is and I will hit you with it Wow, you... you look incredible - You really do - You know what else? I can tell just by looking at you-- you smell great You cannot see smell The victim was struck four times A glancing blow to the head right humerus thoracic, and left femur We couldn't figure out in what order It's almost as though it were simultaneous The blow to the head is what killed him Come on, four hits simultaneously with a broadsword What was he attacked by the knights of the roundtable? 65 millimeters is too thick for a sword Did you estimate a velocity? It was moving at a velocity of approximately 116 meters per second What's that in American? About 260 miles per hour All right, look I'm no expert in broadswords - but I do know... - I know what happened How fast does a propeller turn? At full speed, the tips approach the speed of sound But Howard exits the airplane in flight The propeller is ahead of him and pulling away How could he come into contact with it? There are pusher propellers It didn't happen in the air He was pushed into a propeller? He would've turned into steak tartare Scratch one item off the menu tonight Not if the plane was idling Propeller speeds would decrease to a thousand or so RPMs - Let's go - Where? We'll look for a dented propeller Come on Which you do not need me for Hey You're right, here they come I hope you have another warrant This is for the hangar not the individual planes Then why are your people looking at propellers? Because the warrant includes anything that is in plain sight Plane sight Get it? It's a pun Yeah, and this is not the only hangar we'll be checking out What plane are you looking for specifically? Well, we'll know it when we see it We believe that Colonel Howard was struck by a propeller We're looking for blood stains using alternate light sources You think Cal walked into a propeller? No way he makes a bonehead move like that We surmise he was pushed But why? Here he was this great guy but he was liability to one of you One of us? Somebody wanted him dead That's ridiculous If it turned out that Cal was able to reverse his bone loss would you put him on the next shuttle? The one to repair the Lansing Telescope again Colonel Adams is slated for that mission Colonel Reid? Well, Cal would be my first choice, yes All due respect, James But why send the student when the teacher can go? Look, I take no offense Cal was the best Dr. Brennan Agent Booth Blood A lot of it It was washed down this drain here High-pressure hose Can you tell which plane's propeller may have done this? Not within the parameters of the current warrant Some of these planes have covers on the propellers so we can't see if they're damaged That is your plane isn't it, James? Take it off Take off the cover, James I respectfully decline It's not his plane it's the Agency's Propeller like that wouldn't get you very far Certainly not over the water Which is why you had to dump Cal's body short of the ocean Booth Booth It doesn't make sense The whole thing would take at least two people-- putting the body in the plane cleaning up the blood shoving the body out of the plane Who are you protecting? Mrs. Howard... Is Colleen here? Colleen came to see me off Saw me talking to Cal He was telling me that he was going to be okay in time for the mission He was sharing good news But it wasn't good not to me She slapped him that's all Because she loves me She knew what it meant to me not to go up Cal took a step back just one He fell back into the propeller Why didn't you just say it was an accident? I don't know we panicked Would they believe us? Would they understand? Would you ever get into space? It happened because my friend shared good news with me and because my wife loves me I'm a blessed man How-how are you feeling? What do you mean? Good meal nice bottle of wine You feeling loving? You didn't need to do all of this to get me in a loving mood I don't mean in that way I am madly in love with you, Angela And you are the most amazing woman that I have ever met My life is so much better since we... Oh, my God What? Are you breaking up with me? Why would I get you all dressed up for dinner just to break up? I don't know Because you're... I'm not thinking straight Go ahead You know, I had this all laid out in my mind You are an upsetting woman I'm sorry Please go ahead I believe that if two people care enough for each other the rest of the world disappears to them I feel that when I'm with you I'm prepared to put you ahead of me for the rest of my life Angela Montenegro... will you marry me? Dear man good heart... No Why? I didn't do it right again? But... How? Oh, you're not going to tell me I don't know Hodgins If I knew I would tell you But when you ask me I have to have this... this feeling It has to be... I'll know it when it happens and I hope you won't stop trying I don't know whether I should laugh cry or punch out the sommelier I'm sorry I hope that you choose laugh I don't understand I don't either Look, let's just finish the dessert and go back to your place and make love and maybe it'll come to me While we make love? I said maybe But you love me More than you know You eat yet? I said I'd wait How did you know that James would tell me? Well, man loves his wife He may not be strong but he has a conscience See, I... I can't tell that stuff And I can't tell the difference between coral and bone so guess we make a great pair Hey, speaking of marriage Hodgins is going to propose to Angela tonight What? I guess right now it looks to me like marriage is having someone who'll slap your enemies and then toss their dead bodies out of airplanes