call in the FBI? Well, you know, car's got Virginia plates, it crossed state line. Then there's the suspected gang member, then there's RICO to deal with. What... Bones, do you really want to know? No, I was just using it as an excuse to make conversation and reestablish our connection. What? Well, I read a book about improving work relationships. It's not fair to expect you to tell me everything. I appreciate the effort, Bones. It's like they recreated their country here. Right down to being terrified of the police. Yeah, well, a lot of these people, they're undocumented. They get nervous around law enforcement. What do we got? He ran the stop sign. I pulled him over, he tried to run. Oh, look at this, huh? A <i>Mara Muerte</i> tattoo. It's one of the most feared gangs in the area. No wonder he was chauffeuring a dead body around, huh? Couldn't just join the Boys Club, pal? And I'm here because...? Routine inspection of the vehicle... I found this. Oh! A female. Recently dug up, looks like. Could you hold his hands up, please? We should analyze the dirt on his hands and compare it to the dirt on the shovel and the remains. Where was she buried? ¿Sabes adónde estaba enterrada? Great. Now he's ignoring us in two languages. Well, where's the nearest cemetery? Closest one I know about is Holy Rood, but it's a good ten miles from here. Disculpen, ¿nos podrían ayudar? Es que queremos saber si hay un cementerio por aquí. Señora, no sabemos nada. Maybe your Spanish is a little rusty. They come from a place where getting involved gets you killed. Hey! Hey! Sync:FRM-xxy -=http://www.1000fr.com=-</font> Sync:FRM-xxy -=http://www.1000fr.com=-</font> decomp, insect activity... volatile fatty acid levels in the soil, due to putrefaction... suggests she was buried for approximately six months. Typically, gravediggers are necrophiliacs looking for a little action. Um... ew. Dental exam shows shoveled incisors and striated enamel. Indicating? Malnutrition. Which is consistent with anthropometrics, suggesting the victim is from Central America. The body was found in a Salvadoran neighborhood. In Pikeville, Tennessee, a guy dug up the graves of all these people, because he wanted to make sure their bodies were still there. They weren't. Make a sketch of the face. I'm not sure if we'll find a match. She might have been undocumented. Goodman is an expert in religious iconography. Maybe he'll be able to determine where this rosary was made. Depression fracture on her occipital bone straddling the left lambdoidal suture. Looks like one hard hit congruent with, say, a baseball bat. She was religious. She should have had a casket... a proper burial with her name on a headstone. We are going to find out who she is, and we are going to give her that. Miguel Villeda. Warlord of the <i>Venganza</i> Roja street gang. According to this, you... you are one fierce, fierce guy. Well, it didn't stop your guys from picking me up. They tell you why? Someone took a shot at some <i>Mara Muerteespuma.</i> Not a shot, hmm? A couple dozen shots. A drive-by. Hardly anyone is stupid enough to shoot at those guys anymore. Your name came up. It wasn't my people. So, are you gonna charge me with something or let me go? Extortion, drugs, assault, attempted murder. I could hold you for awhile, if you want to play that game. What's your problem, man? What's my problem? My problem is that somebody shot at me. Shot at me and my partner. Plus, you know, a bad guy got away, so I'm a little cranky about the whole thing. Hmm. Mira, gavacho... I don't really scare that way, you know, the whole in your face staring thing? No? No. Give me a chance, man. I'm just getting start Hmm. So, somebody shot at you, huh? That's rTh. Think about it. When was tt time you heard of a drive-by where no one got hit? Innocent bystanders, mostly. It's not like you always hit what you aim at. Think, just for a couple of seconds, about why the guy never got hit. Ah, yeah, you see? You got it now? You're saying that <i>Mara Muerte</i> did a drive-by on their own guy? A drive-by happens, yeah. And you all hit the deck. And the gangbanger makes a run for it. Okay, I have it on good authority that the guys who shot at our killer were doing it so that he'd have a chance to escape. The victim was pregnant when she was hit over the head. Pregnant? Yeah, five weeks along. Get your hands off there. I ran samples from the body, shovel and burlap through the gas chromatograph, and it all came back full of organic compounds: plant detritus, root remnants, fertilizer. Sounds like stuff you'd find in a cemetery. Yeah, well, I also found this. Fernaldiapandurata, otherwise known as loroco buds. Loroco is an edible flowering plant. It's native to El Salvador. It's grown in vegetable gardens, not cemeteries. She was buried in a vegetable garden? Okay, can you recognize this <i>loco</i> plant? Loroco. I've eaten it, but I wouldn't recognize the plant. It's quite distinctive. I'm also analyzing the dirt and particulates on the shoe you got off the suspect. At first glance, it matches the vegetation we've already found, but with a couple extras I'm still checking out. Okay. Hodgins, suit up. You're coming with us. We're going to the <i>barrio.</i> Field work. Cool. Do I get a gun? You can't arm Hodgins and not me. What is it with you people and the guns? Huh? Look at this. The government bankrupts itself giving tax breaks to the rich so there's no money left to help these people with job training, educational resources, health care. Just look for a garden with the plant. And those who do manage to land a job are working for a minimum wage that hasn't seen a hike in eight years. That's for those who are here legally. The undocumented do a lot worse. What is this? NPR Radio, huh? What, are you two running for office? Over there, a garden. Loroco plant. It's the same approximate maturity that would have yielded the buds we found. Adipocere. It forms on the body in response to moisture on the ground. Trogid beetles. They have a thing for decomposing flesh. I found a couple on the burlap. The rest of the rosary. There's another freshly-overturned pile of dirt over here. More adipocere. Not from the same body? Another body was buried here, but it's gone now. Double homicide. I spoke to the City Development Office. The garden is scheduled to be excavated next week for construction. My guess is we interrupted a gangbanger moving the body of two murder victims. A gangbanger who buries his victim with a rosary? What? You find any gunshot wounds? Nope, just head trauma. ( <i>whirring</i> ) You really like this part, don't you? I like answers, yes. Oh, localized staining on the endocranial surface, indicating... Subdural hematoma. The head wound caused internal bleeding, but death was not instantaneous. She may have been conscious for some time after the assault. But there's no sign of bone remodeling. She died soon after the assault. There's patterning on the ectocranial surface. Whatever weapon was used, it left a mark. Our gang unit's gonna bring in the leader of <i>Mara Muerte,</i> see if we can identify the gangbanger who got away. Why would a gang leader cooperate? 'Cause I'm gonna ask him very, very nicely, Bones. You know that book I'm reading about getting along with your coworkers? It says that sarcasm is never helpful. I could lend it to you, if you want. I found <i>Spodoptera</i> ornithogalli and tetranychus urticae on the suspect's shoe and on the victim. I also found notonectidae and corixidae. It's aquatic fauna typically only found in and around ponds and streams. There are no ponds or streams at the burial site. Yeah, and here's the kicker: There was also evidence of genetic material from a <i>Franklinia alatamaha</i> on his shoe. You're kidding? I'm in shock. Franky Alabama? You don't say. Did you hear what I said about sarcasm? It's a rare flowering plant that hasn't been seen in the wild since 1800. The only known specimen in this area-- outside a specialized botanical garden-- was given to Senator Alan Corman as a gift. Oh, I love going after senators. Whoa, just, you know, simmer down here, Hodgins, okay? We're gonna check out the botanical garden first. Fine. It's at the White House. Okay, you guys should do that even less than normal people. Make sure to keep your eyes open for backswimmers and water boatmen while you're there, and remember, the notonectidae can be different colors. You know... That's a nice try, okay? You're coming with us. I call shotgun. I <i>called</i> "shotgun." What does it mean to a society when the niceties are no longer observed? Okay, look, we got two bodies, all right? One unaccounted for. We've been shot at, and now we know that there's a gang member walking around a U.S. Senator's place. Any theories? Oh, come on, guys. Let's think of it as a puzzle and there's a missing piece. I like puzzles. I find them relaxing. I just finished The Anatomy Lesson. Rembrandt. You're kidding, right? What do you find relaxing? I restore vintage cars. I know what I find relaxing. Everybody finds what you find relaxing, relaxing. Senator Corman is a big supporter of business leaders in Central America. That means supporting repressive regimes that use death squads to silence any opposition from the working people, which are the same people who flee to the States. Okay, that's great, that's good. Okay, let's focus. It's good, 'cause now we have a link between Corman and the Salvadorans. Now you think the Senator murdered two people? I just think we got another piece of the puzzle, that's all. Because of my husband's official work in El Salvador we've formed a bond with the country and the people. In fact, we have several Salvadoran immigrants working here at the house. I've actually sponsored quite a few for citizenship. Citizenship screening would keep out members of death squads. Hodgins... Just because I'm anti-socialist doesn't make me pro-death squad. Dr. Brennan has found evidence that a gang member's been on your property recently. Well, we employ 20 staff members, give or take. All of our staff members are either legal aliens or citizens. Our House Manager is in charge of hiring them and managing them. Do you recognize this man? No. I assume he did something worse than trespass on my property? House Manager... is he from El Salvador? Yes. Agent, you didn't answer my question. We're investigating a death, Senator Corman. You understand why I can't talk about it. Perhaps we could show this picture to your House Manager? Of course. Franklinia alatamaha. It's beautiful. Yes. We're the only people cultivating it privately. Senator, do you have a pond on the property? Yes, on the other side of the shrubs. It's small. Could Dr. Hodgins take a look at it? Of course, be my guest. Logan, come say hello. We have guests. It's our son. He's studying landscape architecture at Georgetown. He likes to supervise the men sometimes. Logan, this is Special Agent Booth from the FBI and his associate Dr. Brennan. What's the FBI doing here? They would like to ask Hector some questions. Yeah. Hey, Hector. Ben, ¿hablamos para tú? Sigan trabajando. Ahora vuelvo. Yes, sir? Hector, I'm Special Agent Booth. Do you recognize this guy? No, I don't think so. It could be José He works here sometimes, as a gardener. Really? I don't think so. José who? José Vargas. Logan, Agent Booth said he was in a gang. A gang? No, no way. José is a nice guy, you know, wife and kid. I found both backswimmers and water boatmen. ¿Usted ha estado plantando recientemente por ahí? No señora.</i> What is it? ¿Me presta una pala? Gracias. Looks like we found the second body. Puparial casings of Tineid moths puts the time of death of this one at about a year. Six months before the girl. Heart-shaped pelvic inlet. Long projections of bone into the rib cartilage suggests we have a male over 60. Anthropometrics suggests Hispanic origins. We reassembled the rosary found on the young woman. The carving of fire in the center piece is an archetypal symbol found in an area of El Salvador since the Chaparrastique volcano erupted in 1787. So this might indicate where the female victim's from. A village called Milagro de la Paz in the southeast of the country. I was there three years ago, identifying victims of the death squads. I finished the sketch of the woman. She was pregnant, starting over in a new country, so I gave her a smile, made her look hopeful. Thanks, Angela. All right, let's clean the bones so we can find a cause of death. I think I just found it. It's a bullet. Looks like steel core, copper jacket. Military issue. Those are the kinds of weapons gangs like. They escape from the death squads and wind up being killed by the same weapons they were running from. I got José s address from Logan. Let's check it out. Thanks. FBI. Make your presence known. Look, he has a family, a baby. Is anybody here? You don't have to be afraid. ¿Hay alguien aquí? No tiene que tener miedo.</i> Of course they're gonna be afraid, Bones. I have a gun. Milagro de la Paz. That's where the victims are from. They had to have been here a few minutes ago-- the bottle's still warm. They're still here. How do you know? They're prepared for this kind of thing. Hiding from death squads, people learned to build false walls. Closet. ay, hold on, Bones. Let's just pretend that I'm the cop for a second. Okay? Just... Yo no sé nada. Por favor, yo no hice nada.</i> What'd you say? That we just want to talk to José That they'd all be safe, they have nothing to worry about. Do you want to be deported? Do you want to see your baby again? Because if he was born here, he doesn't have to go back with you. We can keep him. Booth. Stop. She's frightened enough. Bones, we have a double murder on our hands. But she didn't do it. Just tell her what I said, okay? Tell her we're calling immigration. Tell her we'll get to José No, she's lived with terror and intimidation her whole life. I'm not going to add to it. All right, you know what? You're acting like I'm gonna hurt her or something. I'm just trying to get information. I am asking you, as a favor, not to make me do this. Please. This is interesting. Interesting or horrible? Because sometimes it's the same thing with you. This hole in the sternum. It's definitely not a gunshot wound. It's a sternal foramen. I found the same exact thing on the female victim's sternum. It seemed like a meaningless anomaly... It's a hereditary condition. The two victims were related. Based on their ages... father and daughter? So father and daughter buried next to each other, right? Then dug up. But then father is reburied. Why? The gangbanger was probably taking the daughter to be reburied when the cops pulled him over. This is the stuff that Booth is good at. The murky ways of the human heart, all that. We work the hard evidence. We've used up all the evidence. Okay, okay, let's just... You know what? Let's just pretend we're Booth, okay? Ooh, let me try. The daughter got pregnant from the killer in El Salvador, then came here. He catches up to 'em, they fight... ( <i>laughing</i> ): He joins a gang and then kills her. The father comes after him seeking revenge, and the killer kills him. No, no. The father's death preceded the daughter's by at least six months. I have found something. I can't get this bullet out of the pelvic bone. Oh, wow. The bone started healing around the bullet. See the remodeling? This wound healed years ago. He didn't die by being shot. Tough old bastard. How was he murdered? He wasn't murdered. Metastatic carcinoma. Probably originating in the prostate. So, he survives being shot, but then he dies of cancer? Mega-tough old bastard. Yeah. Anything? Yeah. Immigration has the wife. She got a lawyer from the Salvadoran League of Something-Or-Other and she's not giving us anything about José Are you mad at me? No. But, you know, I could have gotten something back there if you hadn't gotten... all mushy on me. I was uncomfortable with... You always say I'm not a cop. You're right. Especially in a situation like that. It's okay. We're not going to need her anyway. Really? Why? 'Cause I had the gang unit put a lean on Roberto Ortez. He's the head of <i>Mara Muerte.</i> The gang that José belongs to? Yeah. They convinced Ortez to bring José in for questioning. Why would he do that? Ortez's sister is in the can on possession charges. I... I promised him I could make that go away. Can you? I dunno, it's a local beef I'm Federal, but, hey, I'm a cop, and, uh... thank God for bad sisters, huh? He has a collapsed lung, several broken ribs, one arm is broken, the other shoulder's dislocated. But we can talk to him? You can try. Hey, thanks. Wow, your own guys, they do this to you? Hey, geez, I wishIhad my own gang. I don't belong to no gang. I'm a gardener. Oh, a gardener with a <i>Mara</i> Muerte tattoo on his neck who can now understand English and who likes to plant bodies. Hey, maybe that stuff's private. Hey, you know what? You're an illegal immigrant. You're a gang member. You're under arrest for transporting a dead body in a stolen car, and you're under suspicion for murder. I'm gonna call I.C.E. and have you <i>and</i> your wife deported back to El Salvador. I got a son. Forget it. We keep the son. That's my son. It's my only son. You got kids? No. Yes, you do. Difference is, I'm a fit father. I'm not going around murdering guys and... and little girls, burying them, digging them up... Booth? I don't think he murdered those people. ( <i>chuckles</i> ): You can tell if he murdered someone by looking at his X rays. He has the same genetic condition the two victims had. A sternal foramen. They were probably his sister and his father. That true? Hey, you know what, buddy, you want to be on my good side, because I wasn't joking about keeping your kid. Yes. It's my sister, it was my father. Your father died of natural causes. Fine, but... your sister was murdered. Eh, you know what? Forget it. Gang is the only family Jose cares about, you know? Enjoy your trip back home, and have fun explaining to your wife why she doesn't have a baby in her arms. Give us something. Help us to do the right thing for your sister. I cannot. Just... anything. At least you could tell us their names. You want their names, huh? Duarte... was our family name. Maria was my sister; our father was named Augustin. That's all I can tell you. Jose's sister hated him. Hated him? Why? She didn't approve of his associations. You mean associations, like the leader of one of the most murderous street gangs in the country? If she hated Jose so much, why was he moving her body? The burial site was threatened. He wanted to move her to a better place. And his father. Real family guy, you know? I'm not the leader of the whole gang, just the DC chapter. You shot at us so Jose could have a chance to get away. Mara Muerte takes care of its own. Even a throwaway like Jose. Can I ask you something? Yeah, go ahead. Jose's all beaten up, so he won't tell us anything, but you, you don't even ask for a lawyer, but you hardly stop talking. Bones... Hey, I'm the boss, lady, okay? Jose's a <i>subordinado.</i> That <i>retraso</i> not as smart as me. You intimidate him into silence, but you can walk in here to the FBI, say whatever you want and walk away like you own the place. That's right. Look, all I need to know is, who would have the guts to kill his sister. Who cares, man? Come on, Ortez, a sister of the <i>Mara Muerte.</i> It's the most feared gang in the city. She wasn't <i>my</i> sister, man. It had to be somebody else in the gang, somebody more important than Jose. You know what, lady? You think too much. Maybe you need a man like me to get your mind off of things, you know what I'm saying? I can be your adorin' Salvadoran. Look, I didn't know who killed Jose's sister. But I'll tell you what, because I like you so much, I find out who did it, I'll kill him. ( <i>deep sigh</i> ) You been waiting for me? Push that button again, and we can go down together. You think you can intimidate people into doing what you want? Okay, I'll push it myself. How do you handle someone who <i>isn't</i> afraid of you? Just get out of my way. I said, move your ass. I wouldn't... That's gonna hurt in the morning. Bitch! Feel better? Yeah. I really do. You beat up a gang leader? Booth told you that? You did. You got into a fight with a gangbanger. You're mad at me? The guy's a killer, Brennan. Angela, relax. We were in the FBI building. Look, I know you're all about self-reliance and fighting your own battles and standing up for yourself, but now, as your friend, and knowing how much you hate psychology here... you need therapy. I'm sorry I upset you. It's just that I've dealt with him before. With who? People who get what they want through fear. Gangbangers, members of death squads... I know it's psychology again, but you said "him," like, one guy. I didn't mean Ortez specifically, I meant... people like him. On my last trip to El Salvador... Yeah, I remember-- I tried to get you to go to Italy with me. I was in a tent set up by one of the grave sites. I was working with the remains of a young girl, maybe 13. She'd been shot in the head and dumped into a well. This cop shows up, and he might have been a soldier, it's not easy to tell. I thought he was there to guard me, but he told me to stop. When I refused, he called in two others. They put a bag over my head and tossed me into a cell with a dirt floor and no windows. For how long? Later I found out it was three days. But I thought it was a week, maybe more. He came in every day and made me believe I was going to die. He said that he'd shoot me and toss me into a well, and that no one would ever know who I was or what became of me. I promised myself, if I ever had the chance, I'd get even. That doesn't mean I need therapy. I identified the type of wood in the weapon that killed Maria. Am I interrupting a female moment? No. What was the wood? Quarter-sawn cumuru. Definitely not from a shovel handle. What is made out of quarter-sawn cumuru? Very expensive furniture. Senatorially expensive? Most definitely. I don't recognize her, no. Neither do I, I'm afraid. How about you, Hector? Her name was Maria. She used to work as a maid here. She had papers. Fake ones-- probably supplied by our friendly neighborhood gang. Hector couldn't possibly be expected to identify forged papers. What happened to Maria? One day she didn't show up for work. That's all. Did she interact with anyone here besides José? I don't know about that kind of thing. What kind of thing, Hector? I don't know anything. What do you mean, Hector? Was Maria involved with the senator? What? Of course not. No. No, not the senator. Well, tell the truth, Hector-- this is the FBI. Logan. She was involved with Logan. What kind of "involved"? I'd rather not say. Maria's dead, Logan. M-Maria's dead? Yes. Of course that changes things. Maria and I were... What, you were lovers? Bones, what the hell are you doing? How long have you had this bed? Uh, since I was, like, 15. Why? Do you know what kind of wood it is? Curu... cumuru. Something like that. Why? 'Cause Maria's skull was banged in by something made out of cumuru wood. There's dried blood and skin on this post. I caught Maria dancing once, in the hallway. She thought no one was watching, but... I was watching. I had noticed her before. She was, uh... very pretty. More than what these pictures tell you. Logan, I will say again that I do not advise answering questions. You're not under arrest. Perhaps you'd like to check with the senator and see if he'd rather I'd officially arrested Logan before asking these questions, because I'm sure the press would love that. When did you start having a sexual relationship with Maria? Perhaps six months ago. You kept it a secret? Maria was certain that... if my parents found out she'd be fired. Are you aware that she was in this country illegally. I advise you, do not answer that question. Were you aware that she was pregnant? M-Maria was pregnant? Logan, there's no proof that you were the father. No, shut up. Of course I'm the father. ( <i>crying</i> ): Oh, God. What about the father? A powerful man with lots to lose, I mean, why kill her? Why not have her deported in the middle of the night? That leaves Hector. He's responsible for hiring the servants. I mean, one of them gets pregnant, he feels like it's his mess to clean up. We still can't figure out how Maria's skull was fractured by the bedpost. Well, that's sort of your line of work, Bones, okay? So, go have fun. Your top three suspects are Senator Corman, six foot one, Logan Corman, five foot ten and Hector Santiago, five foot six. Maria was five foot one. The bed is a California king with seven-foot posts. And assuming that they argued near the foot of the bed... Given there relative heights, the angle of impact doesn't match. Her skull connects well below where you found the traces of blood. What if they were standing on the bed? Well, it's high enough, but her head struck the outside of the post. How tall would her assailant have to be to fit the evidence? That... that's tall. Seven foot eight. Somebody you'd notice around the house. Let's think outside the box. What do you mean-- like go non-human? No. What else explains striking the bedpost in that manner? I guess... falling. Falling? Maria was a maid. Do you have a schematic version of the room? If she fell backwards... But it doesn't explain the damage done to her skull. Okay, what force <i>does</i> explain the damage? 206 pounds per square inch, which means she would have had to have fallen from a height of... it's no good. I know what happened. She was yanked off the ladder. You mean somebody pulled her off? Yes. The missing 84 pounds per square inch can be explained by a hard yank from a full-grown man. I don't know if it's murder, but someone is definitely responsible for Maria's death. This is not about the gang. The gang had nothing to do with her death. Maria was pulled off that ladder. Who are you protecting? I got nothing to say. What did the senator offer you, huh? Asylum? For the whole family? I know what happened. Your father died of cancer. around the same time, your wife was pregnant. You wanted your child to be born an American citizen, so you couldn't report your father's death for fear of being deported. You buried him yourself. In the garden. When your sister died, you buried her in the same place. When my father died, he said to me, "You take care of your sister." You joined <i>Mara Muerte</i> so you can get fake papers, so she could work for the senator. ( <i>chuckling</i> ): Maria... Maria, she was so angry she would, she'd get so angry sometimes she just doesn't speak to me. She didn't understand what you had to do for her and your family. It was the only way for me to keep my promise to my father. Look at me now, huh? All because I wanted to give my sister and my father a beautiful place to rest. It's near... it's near a pond. It's beautiful, huh? It's all for nothing. My family's ruined. She didn't fall. No, she was pushed. No, Senator, actually she was pulled, probably off that ladder. Pulled? Pulled by who? Perhaps by your son or t senator. Oh, my God. I do not pull maids off of ladders. Mm. Will you please open that up? And, and why would they do something like that? Because Maria was pregnant by your son. What? Even if that were true, that is not how we would handle the situation. Yeah, you'd have her deported in the middle of the night. It would be handled, and not by pulling her off a ladder. Senator, would you mind reaching up? What is that gonna prove? Are you refusing, sir? I'm trained in kinesiology, the study of human movement. Oh, and you're gonna be able to tell who pulled her off the ladder. Absolutely, yes. Oh, for God's sake, Alan, just do it. Just do it. Fine. Well? Was it me? Hector? Si? Would you please pull me down off this ladder? No. No, I won't. Hector, just do as she asks. Hector. How did it happen, Hector? You told her to stay out of Logan's room, didn't you? You didn't approve. You knew what was going on. Hector? If it wasn't you, just pull me down. Maria defied you, she went to Logan's room. You got angry, you pulled her off the ladder. It was an accident. Yeah. It was an accident. I can't believe that worked. Psychology, Bones, is a very powerful force. I gave her $500 and I drove her home. I-I thought she was going to go to a doctor. She was afraid she'd lose her job and get deported. You should have told us. You don't want to know. You don't want to know about any of this. I know my job. I know what you want. Hector Alvarado, I'm placing you under arrest. on suspicion of manslaughter. Booth? Yeah. Message from the Gang Task Force Unit. Uh, <i>Mara Muerte</i> has put a hit out on your lady scientist. Oh, man. You got a response? Yeah, just tell 'em... tell 'em I got the message. Tell 'em thanks. Sure. Señor acepta en tus brazos las almas de tus hijos devotos María Duarte y Augustín Duarte. Que tu Espíritu Santo los ilumine, dándoles bienvenida en tu amor.</i> Padre nuestro que estás en los cielos, santificado sea tu nombre. Véngase tu reino. Hágase tu voluntad en la tierra como en el cielo. Danos hoy nuestro pan de cada día y perdona nuestras ofensas... This is nice of you. Not many people would pay for a funeral like this. Where is Booth? He said he'd come. Are you crazy? This is <i>my</i> neighborhood. You put a hit out on my partner? She's not FBI. I never said anything about FBI. She's my partner, <i>ese.</i> and if anything happens to her I will find you and I will kill you. I won't think twice. Look at me. Look in my eyes. ( <i>gun cocking</i> ) Look at my face. If anything happens to her, I will kill you. This is between you and me. Nobody sees, nobody knows. You got nothing to prove. Understand? You understand?! Uh... Yeah. I thought so. Okay? Now, if you don't mind, I'll leave first because I have somewhere I have to be. I will pay you back for this funeral. Don't worry about it. It's my family. It's <i>my</i> duty. Aren't you leaving for El Salvador tonight? My child is an American. He's... He's not gonna grow up the way that Rosa and I did. Lo regresamos. De alguna manera. She says that we're gonna bring him back. I understand. One way or another, your son will have a better life than you did. Gracias. Gracias. Am I in trouble? You're late for a funeral. Of course you're in trouble. Sorry. I apologize. I... Everything okay here? Where were you?