- He can be grateful later. - What do you mean? You know how people are grateful when you yell fire, but before they're grateful, they panic, and run into walls? You think Sweets is going to panic and run into a wall? Metaphorically. I got it. He's not gonna like it. If there was a mistake - in one of my books, I'd want to know. - What you call a mistake, Sweets calls an interpretation. Interpretation? No, it's an actual factual error. Okay, what exactly do you think, you think we're telling him about? Page 31. And I quote, "Subjects worked together for the first time in solving the murder of pregnant congressional intern Cleo Eller. " Right, yeah. That's right. We worked that other case before that. What did you think we were going to talk to him about? The whole... love thing? The love thing? His conclusion that we're in love? I don't care about that. - What mistake? - Hint: It's not what you think. You disagree with my conclusion that the two of you are in love. And the sublimating energies of that connection are responsible for the energy, vigor and rigor that you bring to your homicide investigations. I just told you, it's not what you think, and you immediately say what you think. That's your interpretation. We recognize your right to interpret. You do? That's your right as a psychologist to get everything wrong. I have circled some typos. Other than that, and the fact that the Cleo Eller murder was not our first case, you're ready to publish. My interpretation of your working relationship is based on the unfolding, interpersonal dynamics of that first case. It wasn't our first case. It's not your first case. Well, then, please tell me all about that real first case to see if my conclusions are still valid. A girl was murdered, and her remains were thrown in a landfill. Well, her name was Gemma Harrington. The case was going nowhere. I was at an early morning Gamblers Anonymous meeting. You snapped the nine. Rack 'em. Booth had a gambling problem before he met me. </i> Well, since I mostly won, it wasn't really a problem. </i> But it took your focus away from more important things,</i> like work. I was getting it under control. - Nice shot, Tex. - Thanks. Right. Okay, on my way. Thank you for seeing me. Victim's mother, Jocelyn, came to see me</i> to tell me that the New York coroner's office was releasing</i> her daughter's remains for burial. She was all upset. Upset why? The police had given up hope of finding her daughter's killer. The case was a split jurisdiction. The girl was last seen in DC, but her body was found in New York in a landfill. The New York coroner was in town, and, I decided to meet with her.</i> I can get you Gemma's file, but you know the definition of insanity is to do the same thing, expecting a different outcome. Okay. Maybe I missed something? How's about you get another point of view? Partner up. You know I don't do that. There's a forensic anthropologist at the Jeffersonian. I read that she solved how Stone Age Hunter was murdered. How does that help? She can solve a 4,000-year-old homicide, maybe she can help on Gemma Harrington. - I could release the remains to her. - You know what? I'll catch up with you later, all right? Forensics don't solve crimes. Cops do. Same activity, same results. Speaking of which, you look like you've been up all night. - I'm fine. - Meaning you won? That's when he said... - What's that scientist's name? - <i>And Cam answered... </i> Which is me. Most methods of removing flesh have disadvantages. I was lecturing on defleshing techniques at American University. Methods which preserve the bone perfectly require patience. Bones was not what I expected. ... works quickly, but the bone itself is cooked, transforming the marrow. The first step is to use conventional surgical implements, being very careful that the scalpel or forceps never come in contact with bone. Any questions? I have a question. Seems to me, if you, remove the flesh, aren't you, destroying the evidence? On the contrary, I am revealing evidence. Thank you. See you next week. Just, one more thing. I mean, isn't all the good evidence in the flesh? You know, like, the poison and the stab wounds and the bullets? The important indicators are written in the bone, if you look carefully. So that's your thing. Yes. I'm the best in the world. You're serious. He thought I was being humorous. That turns out to be true. But you didn't know that yet. Are you a student here? Special Agent Seeley Booth from the FBI. I'm Dr. Temperance Brennan of the Jeffersonian Institution. - Do you believe in fate? - Absolutely not. Ludicrous. - I still don't. - And I still do. Bones - Season 5 Episode 16 "The Parts in the Sum of the Whole" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Booth decided not to provide me with the murder victim's identity. I wanted to see if she could find out what I already knew. </i> A modicum of connective tissue indicates that, depending upon burial conditions, the remains are less than 200 years old. Zack, we have to shift the paradigm. This is a recent murder. - What does this FBI agent want? - Identification of the remains. Apparently, the FBI has had no luck with dental records or missing persons. Pelvis tells us female who has never given birth. Eruption of the third molar indicates adolescent. The fingernails have lacquer on them. Fractures to the pars interarticularis of the C2 indicate a blow to the forehead, which may have caused unconsciousness, but not death. - What are you doing? - We are identifying a murder victim. From this century? I'm taking the clothing. I have asked you before not to be so unpleasant. - Please? I'm taking the clothing. - Why? - You are a botanist. - Yeah, and a mineralogist and a an entomologist, which gives me the same number of doctorates as the two of you put together, because you don't have any. Look, I could find fibers, or spores or other particulates. Cause of death... the sharp, symmetrical traumas to both right and left temporals. You can take the clothing and leave now. Yeah? You can take that femur and shove... Naomi from Paleontology suggests that Hodgins is like that because he needs to get laid. That means engage in coitus. - This is not a good likeness. - Oh, my God. No, this is... This is accurate. - Actually, this is very accurate. - I disagree. In reality, his nose looks like a yam. Could you go over there and just wait for me over there? So, you want to do, a caricature? But an accurate one. It's for my work. - Oh, my God, that looks real. - It is real. Could-you provide me with a face? - That, that's real? - It's a murder victim. Murder? Brennan, I thought that your job was mummies and cavemen. - I mean, how did he die? - She. It's a teenager. Someone or something crushed her skull. Poor thing. Could you maybe just put that away now? Well, the FBI wants to know who she is. But why me? I mean, we've only known each other a month. Well, I interacted with you at your art exhibit because I was very impressed with your command of underlying structure. - You will be paid. - I'm in. - I'm saving to go back to Paris. - How much do you have saved up so far? Whatever you're gonna pay for that skull, facial murder, barf-making monstrosity. Transcripts, interviews, phone logs, timelines. They dropped the body off at the Jeffersonian this morning. - What did you tell them about it? - Nothing. The gambler in you checking out the players. Thanks. I appreciate it. Don't thank me, Seeley. Nobody wants this case anymore. I'm sorry. Traditionally, people disembarked the elevator before reloading began. I'm gonna take that as an acceptance of my apology. But it wasn't an acceptance. It was an observation of social mores. You're Dr. Brennan, right? We met at a conference on decapitation. Never mind. Your victim was 16 years old, biracial. She died between three and four years ago, and her body was left in a landfill for approximately one year. She was born in Southern Alabama but moved north when she was eight years old. She was injured in a pre-1998 automobile, no airbags, when she was 13. - What? - I'm not done. Judging by her ribcage and diaphragm attachments, she was either a swimmer, a singer or an asthmatic, or any combination thereof. This preliminary sketch... gives you a general idea of what she looks like. I'm sorry, but we've been unable to find out her name. Just for future reference, those human remains are forensic evidence. You should be wearing gloves. I will adjust my behavior accordingly. - What is this? - Just watch. She bares a marked resemblance to the sketch I gave you. Gemma Harrington. She's been dead for four years. Her body was found in a landfill 3 years ago. She's the murder victim? Listen, I'm sorry. - Sorry for the victim? - Sorry for holding back her identity. Even though my time and expertise are extremely valuable, I accept your decision to test my abilities. Obviously, I passed with a lot of color. - Pardon me? - It means I did very well. Right. Flying colors. - You passed with flying colors. - Yes. I know. But passing your tests suggests you have something more important in mind. I want to catch this bastard{\ bastard who killed her}. But how do you know he was a bastard? How do you even know it was a man? You know who that is? Judge Myles Hasty. That's a federal judge. Well, I don't follow current events past the industrial revolution. - He killed Gemma. - But why haven't you arrested him? - I don't have enough proof. - Then how do you know it's him? I just know. And I'd like to ask you to help me to catch him. - I won't do that. - Why? I will help you find out the truth, and if the truth is that he killed her, I will help you catch him. But first the truth, then the catching. Look, all I need is the kind of crap that persuades a jury. But it seems to me someone like you could benefit hugely from an association with someone like me. You're being serious. You're serious. I was just kidding. You know, I was having some fun. It is fun. This all happened a year before the Cleo Eller case? Almost to the day. 13 months, less a week. And you didn't argue? Even though he withheld information and tested you. Well, my abilities were outside his experience. He called evidence crap. And she basically called you stupid. We were feeling each other up. Like a honeymoon period. "Out". We were feeling each other out. You want to hear the rest of that story? I only knew Hodgins slightly as a very unpleasant authority on ancient spores and insects. </i> But he was the one who figured out that the remains were in a landfill for a year</i> before being discovered. And that wasn't all.</i> I found a sliver on the dead girl's clothing. The term is nebulous. Wood. I found a splinter of wood. Maple, to be exact. So, your murder victim most likely struck with something made out of maple. Still an observation so vague as to approach meaninglessness. Is he trying to piss me off? You are always angry. You have an anger management problem. I'm in a program. Supposed to snap this every time I get angry. I'd be happy to do that for you. The victim's boyfriend was in town the day she disappeared. Trying out for a minor league baseball team. - Okay. So? - What are baseball bats made of? Maple? Maple. I should've thought of that. I'm not so sure a baseball bat attack would leave behind splinters. Then why posit it as a weapon? Doubts. I have doubts, you see. I am doubtful. Perhaps the two of you could design an experiment. What? No. Wait. Work together? I brought in Gemma's baseball-playing boyfriend for questioning for murder, but I know he didn't do it. - Well, how do you know? - Why, because the killer's Judge Hasty. Feeling isn't knowing. When you know something you can argue fact, not merely make insupportable claims in a passionate tone. You said that in a passionate tone without facts. You see, when it comes down to it, it's all about what you feel. Why are you interrogating the boyfriend if you're already convinced? Because I want to convince you. That's very kind. Can I come in and watch you broil the suspect? Yeah, well, I could broil, but I think you mean grill. I fell apart after I heard that Gemma got killed. Couldn't concentrate on anything, you know? Couldn't hold it together. Some people might say the result of a guilty conscience. I was in DC to try out for a minor league baseball team. My dad was with me, three of my uncles and four cousins. I wasn't away from anybody long enough to kill Gemma, and transport her body to New York City. He has alibis? Tell Dr. Brennan how you did at your tryouts. I did great. What does that have to do with anything? Your tryouts were after Gemma was killed. Yeah, but I didn't know that yet. I thought everything was great. I didn't fall apart until after I found out Gemma was murdered. I still dream about being there when that happened. About protecting her. Psychologically consistent. I'm not well-acquainted with psychology, but anthropologically speaking, men are programmed to consider themselves the protectors of their mates. It was unnecessary to put you through this again. I don't mind coming and answering questions, 'cause it means that you guys are still looking. And I want that. Why are you the deliver of the blow while I am the recipient? Because you grunted when you picked up the bat. Brace yourself. Excuse me. Go back to work, please. Conclusions thus far? No, nothing. The bat did not leave any slivers, even though the suit is more abrasive than the cotton the victim was wearing. A blow like that would have left behind unmistakable bone damage. Have you tried striking Zack in the soft tissue or in the liver? - What? - Yeah, anatomy's really not my thing. That one had some pepper! That would most certainly have caused hemorrhaging in the liver followed by death. Nothing. The bat is so honed and close-grained, it cannot be broken on the soft tissues of a human being. We can try striking his head. What?! Unnecessary. I guess a baseball bat was not the murder weapon. I found something interesting in the victim's X-rays. The bones of the inner ear are missing here. Indicating that they may have been extracted during the assault. Did you set up the UV light source? Look, I'll do it, Zack. Thank you, Dr. Brennan. It's hard to move in this suit. These bone bruisings occurred before death. Possibilities? Recurring patterns. So, either struck repeatedly with the same narrow weapon, or perhaps crushed beneath some kind of grid. Could you please measure the exact distances - between the bruises? - Of course. So, at 6:30 P. M., Gemma and her choir sang here for a group of hoity-toits. I don't know what that means. Shakers and <i>machers</i> you know, and influential types, including Judge Hasty. There was a reception at 9:00 P. M. Gemma was seen at the beginning of the reception and then poof. A year later, her remains were found in a New York City landfill. What are we looking for? The source of the pattern of bone bruising that happened very shortly before she died. Regular strikes approximately 33 centimeters apart, spanning the remains from forehead down to mid-femur. I was thinking something made of maple. A heavy bookcase, scaffolding, a ladder. I gotta tell you. I really am enjoying working with you. - Bones is not my name. - Well, it's a nickname? Yes, I see. I could call you Shoes. Shoes? Why Shoes? Yes, because they are so very shiny. Shoes, they're part of my uniform. The FBI, they just have a way of doing things. Anthropologically speaking, paramilitaristic organizations tend to constrain individuality. That's for sure. But in any group, no matter how restrictive, the freethinkers, the mavericks, the rebels with leadership quality find ways to declare their distinctiveness. You know, I'm a freethinking rogue rebel. Are you seeing anyone? Right to the point there, Bones? Casually, but she doesn't really like my hours. You? A physicist has been asking me out. I was thinking of saying yes. I'd ask you out if I could. Why can't you? Well, FBI rules again. No fraternizing with other agents or consultants. That's too bad. Glad you think so. These stairs. They're made out of maple. The sliver on the victim's clothing could have come from violent contact with stairs. What about the bone bruising? The hypotenuse of the triangle formed by the riser and tread looks to be approximately 33 centimeters. Gemma was probably trying to escape. Down here and the judge... probably dragged her to the exit right over here. There it is. The killer could've driven back here and taken her away without being seen. You think that Gemma Harrington was chased by Judge Hasty? He played football. Then he swung her into a wall or something? No, no, no. - The next part here shows that... - Who's this now? I'm Angela Montenegro. I'm an artist. Who are you? She's a federal prosecutor. On our side. Tell her Angela possesses extremely keen spatial awareness. - And who's this now? - That's Squint. I'm Dr. Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian. Don't bother. You know? Never remember Squints. - That's correct, and you know why? - Why? Because they get all wishy-washy and flip-floppy on the witness stand. So it's better I don't remember the last time they let me down when I meet them again. Here, continue with the flip book there. So the judge tackles Gemma... You remember? Football in college. ... and grabs her ankle. There. All of a sudden, he's got an unconscious girl. And you know, he thinks she's dead. Loads her into his car at the bottom of the stairs, and drives her to a landfill in New York. - Why was he chasing? - Who cares why? Let's see. A judge, a jury, the press, and me. All I need is a warrant to arrest Judge Hasty. Well, maybe if this little stick figure thing was a big computer, lots of bells and whistles, but right now, it just looks like a sadistic children's book. What's the pinch-of-death grip thing that killed the girl? We don't know yet. This won't get me a warrant. I'm a lowly federal prosecutor, and Hasty is a big-shot federal judge. A hoity-toit. I see what's going on here. You've always wanted this office. Tired of sitting out there in the bullpen. Well, I'm not committing career suicide because you're cute and want a window. We should go, yeah. Listen, he is very cute. I do respond to the breadth of his shoulders and his strong jaw line. Guys, guys, okay. Caroline says that we can't arrest the judge but she doesn't say we can't ask him a few questions. Thanks so much for coming down, Judge Hasty. As you pointed out, if I refused, the headline news would read: "Federal Judge declines to Cooperate in Homicide Investigation". What we think is that you chased Gemma Harrington, and she fell down those stairs. Okay. Way to jump right in there. - She was trying to escape you. - Why? - I'm a very nice man. - Did you use that line on her, too? The only words I ever spoke to the girl were "You have a lovely voice". I said it in front of a hundred people. What did you not do in front of a hundred people, Judge? Booth is suggesting sexual impropriety. So I chased her through the opera house. That's very melodramatic. And then what? I pushed her down the stairs? No. She was trying to get away from you, and you tripped her, and she fell down. - And she died? - No. Those injuries didn't kill her. You're making this all up. And she's making you look like an idiot. No. In fact, I am very intelligent. You could have fooled me. You're ridiculous. Is this very bad? I have been wanting to do that for years. You are so hot! That's great! That woman punched a federal judge in the nose! Twice! Self-defense. He was panicking. All right, we got a right. Fire her and cut all ties. - With luck, Hasty sues her and not us. - I can't do that. She should never have been in the field. I'm sympathetic. I have let a pretty face lead me down the path of unrighteousness. Yours, for example. Well, it's not like that. Of course it is. Watching you two together is like being at prom. But it's not highschool now, Booth. It's grownup time. The beautiful scientist is fired. She just doesn't know it yet. That oversight is what you must rectify. My advice? Get her drunk first. Me? I'm trying to estimate the force needed to cause this damage to the skull. Alligator bites have been measured at 2,000 pounds of force. Hyenas at a thousand, sharks at 330. Whatever did this damage was somewhere between a human and a chimpanzee, meaning approximately 250 pounds of force. I just had a terrible thought. We removed the flesh by boiling. What if there were particulates on the bone which Hodgins could identify? But we're not used to dealing with such fresh kills. We must adapt. Could I help? This place is huge. Angela, this is my assistant, Zack Addy. Zack, this is my friend, Angela Montenegro. It's Jimmy Neutron, huh? Boy scientist? - I don't know what that means. - Neither do I. It occurred to me when I did the facial reconstruction that the girl's head was slammed. Well, a door would have crushed the entire side of her head, Ange. Right, but what if it were some kind of protuberance, like a bolt or something? - A sliding door? - Well, I don't know. I'm an artist. I belong in Paris. What about a car trunk with a catch and a latch? How much force would a slamming car trunk generate? Is he doing that in his head? 260 force pounds, give or take. That could fit. I have to go meet Booth. I have a little math problem you can't solve. Can God create a bigger rock than he can roll? Think about it. Drink up, eh? All right? So all we have to do is compare the wounds in the victim's skull with the judge's cars. Let's just stop talking about the case, just for one moment, all right? Check this out. I am declaring my individuality. I am going rogue. You have gone rogue. You can handle your liquor very well. This is nothing compared to the bang I had to drink in India. It's made of fermented cannabis. Here's to bang. To bang. You're fired. What?! Why? Because I drank bang? But that was in pursuit of scholarly research. Why am I fired? Because you assaulted a federal judge. - You thought that was hot. - I did. I did. It was very hot. Cheers. If we don't work together anymore, then we could have sex. I'll call a cab. Hold on, listen. Hold that cab. Listen, I got something to confess. Is it the fact that you're a direct descendant of John Wilkes Booth? I already know that. - Wait. How do you know that? - From your bone structure. Just keep that under your hat, okay, for now, all right? Okay. What I wanted to confess was... See, I have a gambling problem, but I'm dealing with it. Why did you feel you had to tell me that? I don't know. I just feel like... this is going somewhere. Why did you feel like this is going somewhere? I just... I feel like I'm gonna kiss you. You kissed? There was tongue contact. My book is crap. That's why we wanted to come here. We wanted to warn you, so you wouldn't be barking up the wrong tree. How long did this affair last? - Should we tell him? - Yes! Yes, you should. We are not spending the night together. Of course we aren't. Why? Tequila. Hey, hold the cab. Hold the cab. So you're afraid that when I look at you in the morning, I'll have regrets? That would never happen. I went home and went to bed. So did I. We have to tell you something. Zack told me how bad you felt about boiling all the particulates. - I need some coffee. - This is coffee. Thanks. Despite the boiling, I was able to get microscopic samples from the bones. Have I mentioned how excited I am to be working with you? Yeah, you-you mentioned it. Dr. Hodgins found microscopic fragments of steel and traces of lubricating oil. Zack and I compared manufacturer's specs for the judge's trunk to the victim's gaping head wound. One of them matched. - We got fired. - A '56 Bel Air. - What? - What? We got fired? Is this because you slept with Booth? I didn't sleep with Booth. Why did you say that? - Tequila. - What is happening? I got us fired because I punched a judge in the schnozz. I'm never gonna make it to Paris. Angela, I can offer you steady employment reconstructing - ancient remains and tombs and digs. - Really? I've always wanted to go to Paris with an artist. Zack, take all of the evidence to Booth at the FBI. Then we all can go back to our normal jobs. You ever feel like you saw something great that almost happened, then it didn't? - Are you Special Agent Booth? - What are you? The Jeffersonian, right. You must be one of the Squints. I'm not familiar with that term. Squint. You know, you guys... you squint when you look at things. Just like that. This is proof that Federal Judge Myles Hasty murdered Gemma Harrington. What proof? It was immensely stupid of you to fire us. Sorry, but did you just call me stupid? I can only conclude that you are immensely stupid. You fired the Jeffersonian Institution? I don't know what any of this stuff means. Yeah, Caroline made me. Dr. Bones punched the judge right in the nose. - They got the judge. - They got the judge?This is good news. What did I tell you? The girl's head was smashed in by the locking mechanism of a '56 Bel Air. - Here's the evidence. - Oh, more stickman cartoons? Yes, but, you can jazz it up with computers before trial. - Look at the evidence. - If you're wrong about this, my career is over. So, don't tell me to look at the evidence, because you know I will. And, you, reassure me. Cam and I, we did look at the evidence, and we both feel that there is enough here to get a warrant to search the judge's vehicle. He'd better have done this, because irritating a federal judge... very unwise. A small trace of blood, any DNA would be enough to make an arrest. - You fire the Jeffersonian already? - Of course. - Hire her back. - Okay. And push come to shove, you be ready to testify that judge walked into a door or something. I'll have your warrant in an hour. So why are you still here? You're back, baby! You're rehired! - But I've moved on. - What is that, a monkey? No, this is Ardipithecus ramidus kadabba, the earliest known... Okay, abracadabra can wait. All right, we have a warrant for the judge's car. So, let's go. What's the matter? Get your coat. Chop-chop. Is something wrong? I find I'm annoyed with you. Because I fired you and hired you back? It's the government. No, because you got me drunk to fire me, and then have sex with me. No, I got myself drunk so I could fire you, and you decided not to have sex with me, which I accepted gracefully. So, you're regretting that decision? No. I'm not. It was a very good decision. I stand by it. What's going on, Bones? Do not call me Bones. This car's been cleaned, sanded and repainted, and the rug is new. - Nothing? - Nothing. Can I have my car back? I see no reason why not. You've done nothing but cooperate at every stage of this investigation. - That's it? - We don't have anything. - My people should look at it. - Why? - Because we're smarter than you. - I beg your pardon? Do you really think brightest go into law enforcement? They go to the Jeffersonian. Really? Because, the one I met couldn't pick his nose without instruction. The locking mechanism should be removed. Excuse me. You know what? You really need to learn how to speak to human beings. I speak six languages. Two of which you've never even heard of. - You're a cold fish. - You're a superstitious moron. - Get a soul. - Get a brain. What? I'm Agent Booth. What? What is that? - I have no idea. - It's a stapes. - It's a bone from the inner ear. - Gemma Harrington's? I have to do some tests. Anyone who took science should know that. Anyone with a high school education would figure,"Who else's could it be?" Send this to the Jeffersonian. We'll check it for DNA. All right, you know what? That's fine, all right. That's it. Judge Hasty, you are under arrest, pal. - Are you okay? - Here, have a glass of water. It's like... it's like you two missed your moment. And then you punished each other for it. And you know who ends up paying the price? Me. I do. Okay, what happened next? The minute I had the judge in the interrogation room, he started to mess up. Stapes. It was Gemma Harrington's stapes, of course. So, we had proof she had been killed in the trunk of his car. Nice car. That's her locking. We also had testimony from the valet who saw him pull in the back alley. Lie upon lie. Fact upon fact. But I just... I didn't know why. Booth is obsessed with why people do things. What did Gemma see? Why did Hasty chase her through the back of the theater? - But you figured it out, right? - Not me. Me. I noticed the way he touched his nose very gingerly. Now, considering you have no motive, I'm sure you can see there's no sense in detaining my client. I know what happened. When the prosecutor tells the jury, they're going to believe it, too. It had to be something that would've ruined his career. But also destroyed his judgment. You've had your septum replaced. What was it? Cocaine? Crystal meth? Gemma saw you snorting something. He thought he killed her on the stairs, so he went to his car. She regained consciousness as he loaded her into the truck. He panicked and slammed the lid, which... killed her. I just wanted to stop her. Reason with her. Maybe offer her a bribe. - But she ran. - That's enough, Myles. And it was. Judge Hasty will be eligible for parole in ten years. That's the story of our first case. Orry about your book. No, it's not. It's not. What happened between you two? We started to argue. In front of the victim's mother. I was worried that we still didn't have enough evidence to convict. I told her this was definitely not the place to bring this up. - Let go of me! - I will, if you would just... - What the hell? - You are a bully! You grab my arm just like the judge. You use your badge and your gun to intimidate people. The way you use your brain to make people around you feel stupid. You are a stupid man. I hate you. You hate me. Are you ten years old? I'm not your dad. - I will never work with you again. - Who asked you? - You struck him? - I shouldn't have grabbed her. We're sorry about your book. Okay, this is... you... you are totally messed up. I always said that you could never kiss, because then the dam would break. And now it turns out that you kissed. Did the dam break? What does that mean? He still thinks that we slept together. We're not in love with each other. It took us a year after we kissed to be in the same room together, right? Oh, absolutely. Right. No more kissing or anything. If you're not, then how come you haven't been in any serious relationships since you first met? - I don't really do that. - You know, a job, son. One of you has to have the courage to break this stalemate. You. It's got to be you, because you're the gambler. For once, make that work for you. Something to eat? - I could eat. - Okay. Sorry about that book. In his book, Sweets wrote that being abandoned by my parents made me convinced that all meaningful relationships are doomed. He wrote that I got white knight syndrome, because of my physically, abusive, alcoholic father. Hate psychology. I'm the gambler. I believe in giving this a chance. Look, I want to give this a shot. You mean us? - The FBI won't let us work together. - Don't do that. That is no reason... - No! - Why? Why? You thought you're protecting me, but you're the one who needs it. - Protecting from what? - From me. I don't have your kind of open heart. Give it a chance. That's all I'm asking. You said it yourself. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome. Then let's go for a different outcome, all right? Hear me out, all right? When you talk to older couples who have been in love for 30 or 40 or 50 years, all right? It's always the guy who says "I knew". I knew. Right from the beginning. Your evidence is anecdotal. I'm that guy. - Bones, I'm that guy. - I know. I am not a gambler. I'm a scientist. I can't change. I don't know how. I don't know how. Please don't look so sad. You're right. You're right. Can we still work together? Thank you. But I got to move on. You know, I got to find someone who's, who's going to love me in 30 years or 40 or 50.