the NTSB and local police. Usually Booth handles those people. Plane crashes don't belong to the FBI. Why not? FAA stands for "Federal Aviation Administration," the NTSB stands for "National Transportation Safety Board." That sounds federal to me, and FBI stands for Federal... Zack... It's the third time in a row we've investigated without Booth. I don't like it. Why? He mostly ignores you. Ignoring me is Booth's way of acknowledging my presence. It's a guy thing. Here we are. Dr. Brennan? Yes. I'm Ian Dyson with the NTSB. This is my assistant, Zack Addy. At approximately 0400 last night, a private jet with five passengers on board reported horizontal stabilizer trouble 200 miles southeast of Norfolk. Yeager Airport in Charleston tracked them for 30 minutes until they dropped off the radar screen at 0430. The plane tried to make an emergency landing here when it clipped some trees and slammed to the ground. We found another mostly intact body over near the trees. The rest is bits and pieces. What makes this one of our cases? I beg your pardon? We're kind of special. We're elite. We don't sort through just any set of bodies. It was a State Department flight with a bunch of VIPs on board. Is that special enough? I apologize if I've offended you. Usually, we have an FBI agent who mediates our interpersonal encounters. We found another skull. Two skulls. Those, uh, pieces are from two different skulls. I'll leave you super elite types to it. Zack, we don't need Booth to mediate our interpersonal encounters. Pilot, copilot, brings our count to six. Three mostly intact sets of remains, one partial and two fragmented. Obviously, bodies are burned to a crisp. No dermis, very little soft tissue, indications of high-impact trauma; burst fracture of the lower thoracic and lumbar vertebrae consistent with injuries caused by the vertical impact of the falling aircraft. Should I keep talking as though you're paying attention? What do you make of this? A femur fragment. No charring. You think this fragment doesn't belong to the plane crash. What are the odds? A crashing plane falling directly on a human being? One in... ten million. The information that I'm about to tell you must not leave this room. I am philosophically opposed to institutional secrecy in all its forms. Fine. Get out. Two Communist Chinese trade attaches were on that plane when it crashed-- both high-ranking party members. Well, obviously, we shot it down. The FAA and the NTSB can prove that it was an accident. Also on the manifest was an American businessman, a pilot and a copilot. Five people. Dr. Goodman, we found six sets of human remains on that airplane. Not to mention three bone fragments which were not on the plane. Is there any chance those bone fragments were on the plane? What, you mean as carry-on luggage? No, everything on the plane burned. They were untouched by fire. Hmm. And forget about the bone fragments for the time being. The State Department is extremely anxious to find the identity of that sixth person. No one wishes this to become an international incident, therefore this is our only priority. I disagree. For the love of God, why? Because the plane crash was an accident, bone fragments were not. How do you know? Zack found unusual cut marks. Cut marks congruent with dismemberment. People, one hour ago, I received a call from the Secretary of State requesting that the unidentified extra passenger be our first priority. So, now politics are more important than murder? I'm not saying "please." I'm not being reasonable. I'm making the decision. First and foremost, identify that sixth body. Got it, or you want me to explain again? I got it, okay? The plane goes down, kablooey. There's an extra body on board which you really don't care about 'cause you're more interested in these bone fragments that you found on the ground. Exactly. Oh, this all you got? So far. Piece of skull, chunk of vertebra, part of a femur. Not much to go on. These fragments come from a person who was hacked. Hacked to little bits? No, medium-size bits. I'm not sure how it turned into little bits yet. Okay, and I'm here why? Dismemberment, little bits-- it's a murder. FBI doesn't have jurisdiction at a golf course. Well, who does? I don't know. Try the PGA. Uh-huh. You know, you've done a couple cases without me and you miss me. Zack misses you, not me. Zack and I don't even talk. He seems to think it's a male-bonding ritual. Maybe he's right. - No, it's not. Could be. - You told him that so you wouldn't have to talk to him. Well, it was nicer than shooting him. Goodman has ordered me to investigate the other extra body. Well, then you better get on that. Next time you know you miss me, pick up the phone, call me. We'll do lunch or something. I do not miss you. Come on. Say it! I do not miss you! Dr. Brennan, Agent Booth, you have a visitor. No, I don't. You miss me. Dr. Temperance Brennan? - Yes. Special Agent Seeley Booth. I'm Jesse Caine. You're Jesse Caine? You've heard of me? I haven't. Jesse here is sort of an expert on missing persons cases. I've done some writing on missing person laws and investigative techniques. Interagency cooperation, jurisdictional dispute, that kind of thing. I heard about the bones you found at the golf course. I can't really talk about that. I don't mean the Communist Chinese on the plane. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Communist Chinese? The other bones, the fragments. How'd you hear about the Communist Chinese? Those pieces of bone you found on the golf course? I'm pretty sure that's my dad. Sync:FRM-xxy -=http://www.1000fr.com=-</font> Sync:FRM-xxy -=http://www.1000fr.com=-</font> My expertise in missing persons investigation derives from one thing-- my search for my father. He went missing five years ago during a trip to his cottage in Virginia Beach. What makes you think these bone fragments come from your father? You know, there is a question of national security here that is in my jurisdiction. He's not supposed to know about the Chinese. My investigations lead me to conclude that my father was murdered in the area and his body disposed. What do the police say? They gave up four years ago. Because there was no evidence of foul play. The investigation was bungled. The city police didn't have the manpower. The state trooper said it was a federal matter and you guys suggested a private investigator. It was not bungled, okay? Because there was no evidence of foul play. It's a common story, okay? A guy goes in for a pack of cigarettes, he ends up renting out snorkeling gear in Guam. He doesn't know what it's like to lose a parent. You do. You want back down a jot there, buddy? How do you know about that? No offense, Dr. Brennan, but you're a writer, a well-known scientist. It's out there. Plus, you're one of us. One of us? People whose loved ones have simply vanished. In your case, both parents. Okay, how do you know about the Chinese? Do not look at Dr. Brennan, okay? Whether you like it or not, this is an issue between you and the FBI. If body parts are found in roughly the area my father disappeared, I'm going to know about it. Radio chatter, the Internet, the local law enforcement... That's all I'm prepared to tell you. Do you mind if I ask you how many bone fragments you found? Yes, I do. I don't discuss ongoing investigations. She doesn't discuss ongoing investigations. Fair enough, Dr. Brennan. These are my notes from the last five years. Every lead, every clue, every person I've ever talked with is here. And why would Dr. Brennan care about that? 'Cause it will at least give her a candidate to eliminate. He's got a point. My father's medical records, pictures, last known whereabouts, even a connection to the golf course. Also my phone number. But don't worry. If I don't hear from you, you'll hear from me. Pushy. Well, maybe he discovered that being pushy is how you get cops to pay attention. What are you hawking at me for? The Chinese, the plane crash, that's geopolitics. This is murder. Will you help? Well, you know, I guess if you're really asking me I guess I could, you know, budget with my boss to make it look like it was attached to the Chinese plane crash thing. We've made some progress on the mystery passenger. Fill me in. Nasal ridges indicate she was a Caucasoid female, approximately five feet, ten inches. Epiphysial fusion puts her age somewhere between 20 to 25. I have a theory. Femme fatale assassin. Unregistered flight attendant. Young beautiful girl, doesn't appear on the in-flight manifest, group of high-powered politicos... Oh... What? What? Someone on that flight might have been doing his daughter or his girlfriend a favor. You're so sweet, honey. You really are. Oh! You think she was the in-flight <i>entertainment.</i> Yeah. Anything you want to tell us about the bone bits you care about? Supra-orbital margin is rounded, suggesting a male. Yes, and there's signs of osteophitic lipping or polish on this piece of vertebrae. Arthritis? So, middle-aged guy. Weathering and discoloration suggests these bones have been out there for approximately five years. I'm going to ask you guys to help me on this. You mean, after the communist thing? No, immediately. I'm in. You want us to defy Dr. Goodman? I'm in. Not defy, per se. Do both jobs, but... but keep one a secret. I'm in. We get it. You're a rebel. Zack, I need you to analyze the cuts on the bone. I was kind of hoping to keep my job. There's not enough skull here for me to do a reconstruction. If I give you a picture, you could tell me if the skull piece doesn't match? I could construct a schematic and see if the shard fit the general shape of the skull... if I had a picture. Has anyone noticed that I was the first to offer help and apparently, I'm useless? Not true. You're the one that's going to keep Goodman from finding out. I'm in. CAINE: So the bone fragments are the same sex and age as my father. Yes. Thank you. It's a long way from conclusive. Yeah, I know at times like these not to get hopeful. But, on the other hand, you've got to have hope. Even after five years? People are found after decades, Dr. Brennan. After centuries. You've done some of the finding. Booth says you've made a living off of the disappearance of your father. About six months after my father disappeared, I found out nobody was actually looking for him. Next thing I knew, I was an expert in motivating the police-- victims' rights. Becoming well-known is a byproduct of my search for my father, not the goal of my search. You should understand my motivation better than most people in law enforcement. I'm not really interested in bonding over the loss of my parents. Booth is looking over your file now. I wasn't looking for <i>his</i> help. We work together. Booth knows that the bone fragments are evidence of foul play. That's all the motivation he needed. You didn't have to lean on him? Not at all. If you say so. ADDY: One of the bone fragments has distinctive ridge-mark indentations. A knife mark. Yes. Specifically, a carving knife. Well, what about the other ones? The jagged marks? Some kind of machine blade. What? Like a... a jigsaw or a chain saw? ( <i>Goodman clears throat</i> ) Are you suggesting one of the Chinese diplomats was wielding a chain saw? Uh... good one, sir. Very droll. Zack knows much more about this than I do, but we weren't discussing a literal chain saw cut, but, rather, the pattern it leaves on the bone. Right? Zack? You know, blades move in several distinctive ways. Several distinctive ways. Circular, elliptical, segmented Chain saws are designed to cut soft materials at high speed. When cutting hard materials like bone, they create wave-ridge walls by the action of the blade. This pattern's too organized. Too linear. HODGINS: Therefore, no <i>Chinese Chain Saw</i> Massacre scenario. Yes. Fascinating. What has it go to do with the victims of the plane crash? We not only have to reassemble each of the plane crash victims, but figure out how their remains were scattered. Not by being cut up. That's for sure. Now we've eliminated blades. Never freeze on me again. I find Dr. Goodman scary. Well, I'm never trusting any of us again. We're that good at lying, huh? We're going to do much better. Well, you know, I have to admit Jesse Caine's file on his father is both well-organized and complete. Yep. The main suspect is his father's girlfriend. Karen Anderson. No alibi. And, since they were living together at the time of the disappearance, she remains in the house, and has access to their joint accounts. How much money are we talking about? Max Caine, he was a stockbroker. He was worth millions. But, you know, after seven years missing, the courts will declare him officially dead. By that time, she could have siphoned out most of the money. So I say we go visit Miss Anderson, and we'll know pretty fast if she's a suspect. How? How? Subtle psychological indicators. I looked those up on the Internet. Body language, sweat, tonal quality, shifty eyes. Hey, you know what? I don't go poking around your bone stuff, okay? Just leave the human stuff to me. Why has Max's disappearance become a matter for the FBI? Max's disappearance is not an FBI matter. You're an FBI agent. Human remains were found in the course of a federal investigation. Agent Booth is tasked with the job of identifying them. I'd like to eliminate Max Caine as a possibility, and just move on altogether. So this is a pro forma interview? Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Because I know Max's son Jesse accuses me of Max's murder. Why do you think he suspects you? Because of the age difference between me and Max. Because I'm still living in the house. Because, after five years, I dared to fall in love with someone new. And who knows? Well, some people find it harder than others to get over the loss of a loved one. Bones? Psst! What? Jesse got to you, didn't he? The dimples and the sad smile and melancholy, on a mission to find his beloved father. You know all that. Jesse didn't love his father? Max and Jesse didn't speak for the two years before Max disappeared. And that was before I came into his life. What do you think caused the rift? Max cut Jesse off financially. Max thought Jesse was lazy, running around New York doing nothing with his life and, well, Jesse was furious. The hack marks were caused by a Heidel carving knife. And the osteological profile suggests evidence of postmortem freezing. Max Caine disappeared midwinter. What about the jagged cut marks? This is the part that makes me queasy. The victim was frozen, dismembered, and fed into a wood chipper. Then spread over a golf course. Either talk loudly enough so I can hear all the way, or whisper so I can't. Maybe, if we told Goodman what we know, he would authorize a change in priorities. Or he'd suspend us all for defying him. Angela's right. So we're going to drop this, and get back to what Dr. Goodman told us to do in the first place? No. We are going to keep doing what we're doing behind Goodman's back. That's the spirit! Yeah. It's true. My father cut me off financially. So I take it that means you talked to Karen. Anything else you failed to mention? Why didn't you tell us? I know I didn't kill my father, so I'd rather you didn't waste your time on that line of investigation. Too late. So what happened between you and your father? Hmm? About five years ago, I was enrolled at NYU. But all I really did was go clubbing and have a good time. My father was right to cut me off. I was a disappointment to him. But if only he could see you now. I like to think he <i>can</i> see me now. Your father is dead. A dead person can't see anything. Maybe that's true. Maybe it isn't. But, either way, at least I know my dad would be proud. Bones? Tell Jesse what happened to the victim. Really? What? It's just that usually you tell me <i>not</i> to tell people. Well, it can't be worse than some of the things that I've imagined. The victim was frozen, dismembered, and fed through a wood chipper. Bones has figured out what type of wood chipper was used, and we're trying to trace it to the manufacturer and see if one was sold in Virginia Beach. I can't believe someone would do that to my dad. We haven't positively identified the victim as your father. I have our artists comparing the skull fragment to pictures of your dad. Could I see the bone fragments? This is all of him? Yes. I mean, it's all of somebody. He was a big man, my dad. It's hard to believe that this is all that's left of him. How can you get anything from three small bits of bone? It's more than a lot of people get. I know where my dad was right before he disappeared. I know my dad met with a client at the North Star Grill in Virginia Beach. I know he had meat loaf. I know he was supposed to meet Karen at the pier, but he didn't show up. I know she waited two days before reporting him gone. I have a good timeline, and I have three small bits of bone. You don't have any of those things, and I realize how hopeless you must feel. Come with me. This is all you have? Yes. You were right about how little it is. No, I mean this is simply your copy of the official file. Yes. What else would there be? You never tried to hire any private investigators? Did any poking around by yourself? Well, I'm pretty new at field work. Mostly been a lab rat my whole career. Plus, I trusted the authorities would do what the could. The authorities have rooms filled with files like these. Warehouses. I'm the authorities. Booth is the authorities. Did you ever show this file to Booth? No. No. This is where I work. Uh... Which is my cue. Um... uh.. um... Angela, come in. This is Jesse Caine. Hello. Hi. Hi. Angela Montenegro. What's that? Uh.. uh... nothing that can't wait. Is it about my father? You know, as far as I know, which is quite far, believe me, no one has tried to kiss Brennan in this office and lived to tell about it. Angela. Would one of you please tell me what that piece of paper is? It's a, uh... It's a schematic comparing a skull fragment we found on the golf course to pictures of your father. And? It doesn't <i>not</i> match your father. So it <i>could</i> be him? Yeah. There's a pretty good chance. I knew it. Are you hooking up later? I didn't arrange anything. Why not? Because you were right there, hovering. I was not. I was... being your wingman. What's that? I was rendering assistance and enabling where needed. Booth thinks he might be a suspect. Oh, now you're just looking for excuses not to get involved. Plane crash victim number four, Captain Jacob Howard. Pilot, age 47. Height five foot six. Weight approximately 167 pounds. Overlay the photograph. Frontal zygomatic sutures line up. Cranial menengies are in synch. Excellent. That's one more off our list. Victim number five, Shenru Fong. Age 56. Height five foot six, weight approximately 140 pounds. Yes, yes, that's terrific. Except, we knew all of these people were on the plane. What the State Department wants to know is the identity of our mystery woman. I hope I can count on your full energies on this, Dr. Brennan. If I could be completely honest, sir... Toxicology reports came back from all six victims. Pilot and copilot were clean. Our two Chinese nationals had elevated levels of alcohol and Sildenafil, more commonly known as Viagra, and our mystery girl showed traces of alcohol and cocaine. So... will the cover-up start now, or somewhere between here and the State Department? You were saying about being completely honest? Yes, sir. Regarding the bone shards... Ah, the prostitute was six inches taller than anyone else on the flight, and she had occupational stress markers. Let's not call her a prostitute yet, Mr. Addy. What occupational markers? Ah, it's a foot thing. She was a fetishist? Both her cuboid and medial malleolus show signs of wear. You can relax, Dr. Goodman. She wore extremely high stiletto heels. I reconstructed her face from the partial skull. She was hot. What's our next move? I suggest we try to match this reconstruction with escort ads both Internet and print in the DC area. Oh, I'll do that. Was that overly enthusiastic? Thank you for the update. This case continues to be your top priority, correct? If I could suggest... Dr. Brennan has been very clear about your priorities on this, sir. What's that? The only Black Mantis wood chipper in Virginia Beach. I subpoenaed the records fromhe manufacturer and traced it back to the town equipment yard. My people, they, uh, couldn't find any blood residue. That makes sense, if the corpse was frozen. Yeah, not to mention this puppy here has ground up about 10,000 trees, you know. Hey, I figure you can match the blades to the cuts on the bones, right? Or do something I haven't thought of much more, you know, confusing and scientific. Booth. Nobody told me you were working this case. Only two people have had access to this machine in the past seven years-- city maintenance foreman and a maintenance worker by the name of Ray Sparks. Sparks has got ejected, so, what do you say, huh? You want to come with me to go talk to him? Told you. It's a guy thing. Um... Yes, I'd like to come. All right, here we go. Let Angela do the escort matching. I have something a lot more interesting for you and Hodgins. What's more interesting than escorts? I need you guys to run a dispersal pattern test on the chipper. Using what medium? Assume the victim was frozen solid when he was fed into the chipper. No way! The correct response would be, "Yes way." Oh. Yes way. You ignore Zach and make him think you've got some special bond. Yeah, but it works, doesn't it? I'm happy, he's happy. It's not the truth. But it works. Ray Sparks, I'd like to have a word with you, please. Zach wants to fit into the real world more than anything. You're not helping. FBI. Special Agent Booth. He went around the back. No, no. The other way, Bones. FBI. Freeze. Ray Sparks. Hey, I didn't do nothing wrong! Ah, I feel like kicking him. That's normal after a pursuit. We try not to do that. Too many people. How we going to keep this from Dr. Goodman? Ah, he's having lunch with the president of Harvard. What's going on? Why is every <i>guy</i> from the Jeffersonian out here? They're scientists. This is a fascinating scientific inquiry. Oh, my God. They're all out here because you're going to feed something through this wood chipper. Not just something. A frozen pig. Ah... Ugh. The morphology of pig bones is almost identical to human bone. By feeding the pig through the wood chipper, we'll be able to determine the dispersal pattern of the fragments. By comparing the pulverized pig's remains to the fragments we found at the golf course, we'll be able to tell if this is the actual wood chipper the victim was fed through. Liars. You just want to see what happens when you toss a frozen pig into a wood chipper. And here we go. Ready? One! Two! Three! Yeah! Okay, what have we got here? Break and enter, assault, drunk, disorderly. Wow. Yeah. I been keeping myself out of trouble for the past four years now. How long you been a maintenance worker for the city of Virginia Beach? Since '92. You ever meet a guy by the name of Max Caine? No. Karen Anderson? Yeah, I know her. How? She bartends at the golf course. You don't strike me as a golfer, Ray. City land is right across the creek from the course and I, I go to the clubhouse a couple times a week to have lunch. Hey, how'd you pay for that house you live in, Ray? I mean, that's, that's pretty nice. You got a hard time sticking to one topic, huh? My mom left me the house. She left it to me and my brother Frank. Five years ago. Five years ago Max Caine disappeared-- Karen Anderson's boyfriend-- so, you know, you can see how my suspicions might be a little aroused. Yeah, but the thing is... I didn't live in Virginia Beach five years ago. I was in Southampton Correctional Center... doing six months for skipping out on a DUI warrant. Guess I don't need a lawyer, right? There's no way that wood chipper experiment was connected to the plane crash at the golf course. Look... - Don't say anything. Just listen. Your primary job is to do as I say. Failing that, your job is to fool me. You failed to fool me, Dr. Hodgins. I'd have fooled you if you'd gone to lunch as planned. I'll find some administrative ways to punish you. Parking, dining room privileges, budget reviews, that sort of thing, but if it happens again... I got it. No. You don't. You think I'm a kind and fair man. Egoless, balanced, ruled by intelligent reflection. But I <i>do</i> have an ego. I can be vindictive and petty. I will take you down, even if it means striking at you through your friends and coworkers. Now you understand. Ray Sparks was in jail when your father disappeared. He might have acted as a go-between, put Karen in touch with the hit man. One of the things that you lecture about is that the simplest theory usually turns out to be true. Usually, not always. What's the simplest theory in this case? Disowned son realizes that his father may remarry, lose his inheritance... Booth-- are you accusing Jesse of murdering his own father for money? You ever hear of the Menéndez brothers? - I came to you about the bone shard, saying it might be Dad. Hey, look, your father is declared dead, you get your inheritance before Karen Anderson spends it all. Oh, you don't seem too upset about the accusation. Agent Booth, for four years I've been making enemies with law enforcement. Attacking me is a pretty typical response. Booth, is this one of those times when you just poke and prod to get reactions? Now, listen, Bones, we have to treat him like a suspect. He is <i>not</i> a member of the team. Look. I'm like you. I need the truth. I have to get back to the lab. Satellite imagery of the golf course. These three dots show where the bone fragments were found. Can you show me the results of the wood chipper test? The "V" shape indicates the maximum distance from the point of origin a bone fragment could have traveled given similar wind speeds and ambient temperatures. Okay, and remove the plane crash. It's irrelevant to this. The question is... in order to use the guys' pig-grinding experiment, where do we place the wood chipper? I bet the murderer... aimed the wood chipper over the stream. So the evidence would wash away. Mm-hmm. What's that? That is... a small access road for maintenance vehicles. Try putting the wood chipper there. Mm-mm! Sweet smell of success. We should see if we can find any more bone fragments here and here. Are we any closer to identifying our mystery woman? Um... I'm not... I'm not certain. Brennan is still waiting for an update. I saw you come in, sir, and I have an update. I have a list of possible matches on our geisha in the sky. She is Caucasian. Our mystery woman is definitely Caucasian. We've sent a list to the FBI and they're checking it out. Ah. Well, in that case, you might want to turn your attention back to the bone fragments. I came for the file on my parents. You think I might have killed my father. No, it's just... I asked the wrong person to help me, and... What? I just don't think it's healthy, what you're doing. Putting your whole life into this. And I suppose the way you're doing it, putting nothing into solving the disappearance of your parents, I suppose that's healthy? We're searching the golf course for more bone fragments. Amazingly, we found a piece of finger with the nail still attached. And underneath that nail... Polyurethane. The tough stuff. The victim must have been scraping at something before he died. Yeah, I can't identify this bone anomaly. It's full of osteoids. Thick. Maybe part of the mandible. Human. Something odd with the cell structure. Wood chipper wouldn't do damage at the cellular level. It's a nonmalignant bone tumor. I need the most recent bone scans from Max Caine's medical records. Hodgins. It's Booth. The locals just arrested Jesse Caine for attacking Karen Anderson.rs Local sheriff says that Jesse showed up at Karen's house to confront her. He was ranting about the murder of his dad. Eddie tried to throw him out, but the two of them, they exchanged punches... The fact that Jesse confronted him doesn't mean that he isn't the killer. I know. - You know what, he might have done this just to make us think that he was angry at her. All right, he's smart. No poking and prodding-- do you think Jesse murdered his father? No, Bones, all I'm saying is we get into these things, we look into murders, we can't let our heartstrings get all plucked, okay? We got to poke at people's wounds, we're gonna make them bleed a little. We got to make them tell us things that they normally wouldn't want to tell us. We got to be willing to be hard on them, is what I'm trying to say-- even when we know that we're no different than them. You didn't answer my question. Well, I have a opinion. You want to know? If I had to bet, I'd say he didn't do it. Me, too. I'm going off my gut. I mean, what's persuading you? The bone fragments at the golf course, they didn't come from Max Caine. That's great-- you knew that when you asked me what I thought. You testing out my instincts, Bones? Poking and prodding. I learned from the best. Ha. Ha. It's not my dad. No. We don't know who it is yet. How can you be certain? We found a juxtacortical chondroma. A nonmalignant bone tumor. Your father's X-ray showed no sign of such a tumor. Maybe he got it after the X-rays. The X-rays were taken two months before he disappeared. It's a slow growing tumor. It would have taken... years to get to the size and density that we found. Look, I'm gonna see if I can get this assault stuff to go away and get you out of here. I'm sorry, Jesse. For what? Suspecting that I killed my own father. No. I'm not sorry for that. I know what it's like not to know what happened. I know how painful that can be. And I'm sorry for you. If the bones don't belong to Max Caine, who's our dead guy? We can send out a description of the chondroma to area hospitals, see if it leads to any missing patients. Yeah, we can do that. List the pertinents. Me? Are you talking directly to me? Yeah, you can tell because my eyes are looking at you, my mouth is aimed in your direction. But what about our guy thing? If you're speaking to me, then does this mean I'm not on the team? Zack, let's concentrate on the work. Pertinents. Pertinents. The victim died, we don't know how. He was then frozen, dismembered with a Heidel carving knife and pushed through a Black Mantis 1200 wood chipper. The exact wood chipper you fed the frozen pig through. The exact wood chipper that Ray Sparks had access to. But Ray Sparks was in jail. Ray was in jail when Max Caine disappeared. But our victim isn't Max Caine. Well, who else would Ray Sparks have motive to kill? The victim is a middle-aged male... His brother. What motive? They both inherited the house. Okay, you guys, you look at the tumor, and Bones and I will go talk to Ray. Come on. While you're there, look for a large freezer. Why? The body was frozen. Polyurethane is a common insulating liner in freezers. We found it under the victim's fingernail, like he was scratching to get out. The detectives who picked up Sparks say he claimed his brother was alive and well last time he saw him. Yeah, well, he might have been for about 30 minutes, until he ran out of air in here. My guys, they found claw marks on the inner linings on both sides. What kind of person could lock a living human being in a freezer? What is that? - That's a fingernail. His own brother. Hey. Booth got you out. 1,200 bucks bail, and a promise to stay away from Karen and Eddie. We solved the case. And I'm sorry, it's not your father. We identified the victim. His name was Frank Sparks. I'm sorry I couldn't help you, Jesse. How do you live with it? What, the disappearance of my parents? The fact that nobody's looking. I never thought about it that way until I met you. There's a Zen koan. It says that if you want to find something, you have to stop looking. I can't do that. My dad's watching, and I don't want to disappoint him again. Even if you don't believe it, I know your parents are somewhere proud of what you do. It's not rational, but... I love the thought of that. Oh. How'd Jesse take it? Like an orphan. What? That's just... That's a little poetic for you. I didn't mean it that way. I want to ask you a favor. Oh, geez. Another favor. I wonder if you wouldn't mind taking a look at this. The file on your parents? Yeah. Okay. You want to think about it? It's a pretty big favor. You'd do it for me. Yeah, I would. I'm proud you asked, Temperance. Uh, Dr. Brennan. Uh, Angela wants to know if we should order anything for you. Uh, no, I'm not staying. Thanks, Zack. Guess we caught another one, right? All for one and one for all? I'll take a look and see what they didn't give you and I'll get back to you, okay? Back to annoying Zack? All right, look, I know you don't approve, but, you know, it works for us. It worked for him, so... Yeah, I get it. And it... It's kind of sweet. Hey, well,