human remains are being found in devastated neighborhoods around the city. Cadaver dogs are being used to search for 2,300 people still unaccounted for. Makeshift morgues still exist in warehouses, schools and churches throughout the area. Officials are finally beginning to admit what many people have know since the levees broke long ago: many of these people will never be found. You look tired, Mike. Late night? Oh, yeah. Late and nasty. Same kinky creature? Doc, the girl carries a serious perv swerve. Feeling wrong feels so good. Hey, sorry, Dr. Brennan. No, it's fine. Males often bond by exaggerating sexual conquests. Oh, Mike's not exaggerating. This girl is seriously turned on by coffins. Mike'll take her into the cooler in... Doc. ADDY: Some libidos are enflamed by a proximity to death. Who's that? My assistant, Zack. Back in DC. Congratulations on your coffin sex. I've got work to do. Some of the information you've sent for analysis seems to have come from remains that have already been embalmed. The bodies were unearthed by the flooding. They have to be ID'd and reburied. Could fly down there to help, Dr. Brennan. A: tomorrow's my last day, and B: the sex on the coffin thing is not guaranteed. You know, there are reasons they call this The Big Easy-- even after Hurricane Katrina. Dr. Brennan. Meet John Doe 361. We found this one in the Ninth Ward, sticking out of the mud. Good afternoon, Detective Harding. Male, 40s. Badly decomposed. Looks pretty banged up. Yep. Be nice to know if it was hurricane, flood or foul play that killed him. Detective Harding, have you been into the cooler lately? Apparently, some libidos are enflamed by the proximity to death. God, Graham. Thinking about sex in this place should be illegal, if it ain't already. Oh, Sam, I'm going to need X-rays on this one. Uh, looks like there's something lodged behind his teeth. You been working 48 hours straight. You need an evening off. I only have one vacation day left. What are you, doing penance for FEMA? Why don't you let me cook you dinner tonight? I don't know. Come on. I'm a Southern gentleman, ma'am. Your honor will be respected. Yeah. Tell you what, Graham. We'll see what the X-rays tell us about this one and then, maybe... we'll get a bite to eat. Dr. Brennan, your airport shuttle is here. What? No, um... My flight isn't until Thursday. Today <i>is</i> Thursday, Dr. Brennan. What happened to Wednesday? Dr. Brennan? Hello? Are you there, Dr. Brennan? Cync by xxy Cync by xxy Looks like someone stole your earring. Ripped it right out of the lobe. I don't know what happened to me. It's a tough town. We don't have that many cops anymore, and, uh, they were never that good to begin with. Shouldn't insult the ones that stuck around. Detective Harding, I didn't... know who else to call. I need blood samples on this clothing. Maybe we'll get lucky and they won't all come from you. Still hazy on the details? Not "hazy" on the details, I... I don't remember anything. Nothing? Dr. Legiere knocking over a tray of instruments at the morgue. Then... nothing. That was the day before yesterday. I requested a rape kit. No sign of sexual activity, forced or otherwise. Bones, you okay? Booth, I told you not to come. Who's this? He's FBI. We're sort of partners. Guy flies down from DC? You're more than sort of. Yeah, that's great. You remember anything? A tray falling over. Why can't she remember anything? Well, it could be the head injury. Hairline stress fracture on my right distal radius. Concussion, slight fever, torn earlobe. I lost one of my favorite earrings. You're worried about an earring? You should really be worried about losing a whole day. I know, it's stupid, but these earrings were my mother's. Amnesia caused by any traumatic event, injury or drug can erase memories before the event, not just after. Great, we'll just wait for a tox screen. It's gonna be at least 24 hours. 24 hours? Well, most of the labs in the area were destroyed by the hurricane. We'll find out what happened. You just take care of your, uh, partner. Another present from the bayou. I keep asking for a baby T that says "The Big Easy." Oh, we're all hoping for that. For you, I mean. Does our funding allow us to do Dr. Brennan's vacation work? Uh, we're just doing what the Feds didn't. It's the yin-yang of government spending. So we're sneaking? That's what makes it fun. John Doe 361. Well, bad things happened to Mr. Doe. It'll come back, Bones. You don't know that. Head injuries are extremely unpredictable. I'm just being reassuring. Brennan. Regarding the X-rays of John Doe 361. John Doe 361? Yes, you sent his X-rays. I don't remember that. You don't remember? What about the X-rays, Zack? Male, late 40s, mixed race. Anomalies on his spine, which I'm looking into, but the point is, his death was not accidental. I sent you the X-rays of a murder victim? How'd he die? Is that Booth? Yes. You're hopping the streetcar named Desire with Booth? Oh, I love this. Obviously, they're working the murder of John Doe 361 together. Precisely. How did 361 die? The pelvis shows crush fractures. There's also what appears to be a bullet hole in the skull, but there's no exit wound. Okay, keep working on it. You don't remember the case? No. And it's a murder. God, I'm hungry. Well, when was the last time you ate? Oh, my bad. You have amnesia. I think I know a place. All right, so what is the last thing that you do remember? I told you, Graham: Dr. Legiere knocked over a tray of surgical instruments. I want to talk to Legiere. We must have been about to examine John Doe 361. Dr. Brennan. I thought you were leaving today? Peter, this is my friend Seeley Booth. My God, what happened to you? I'm not certain, but the... the bruising suggests Tuesday night. After you left here? I was here Tuesday? What time? In at 8:00, left at 9:00. Don't you remember? You had dinner with Sam Potter. Bones. We have to go back to the morgue, talk to Sam. Who's Sam? He's an orderly. He practices voodoo. Hey, wait up, Bones. You invited me to dinner. Why? You found this in the mouth of a John Doe. Let me see that. That's voodoo? It's gris-gris bag. It's a mojo. This one is meant to silence the dead so they can't speak. Well, usually dead people are pretty much silent on their own. Voodoo embraces the premise that spirits can speak to us from beyond the grave. Voodoo is all about the balance of the forces. That wind, the flood, this death, it's all out of balance now. Katrina was Armageddon for the ones who love balance. Some think it was Secte Rouge that brought it on. What's that, some kind of a gang? The ones who follow evil. Some believe that they purposely angered the sirens who sent the flood. This, this is Secte Rouge. Okay, so that's literally bad voodoo. It's black gum root. There's only one place you can find it: a voodoo shop on Pontchartrain Avenue, run by Richard Benoit. He's a good man. Maybe he can help you. Okay, thanks. Dr. Brennan, a lost day? Perhaps a spell was cast on you as well. No disrespect, Sam, but it's not my religion. Come on, Booth. Voodoo-- who's gonna believe that stuff? It's a religion, no crazier than... Well, what are you? Catholic. They believe in the same saints you do, in prayer... What they call spells, you call miracles. They have priests. Yeah, we don't make zombies. Jesus rose from the dead after three days. Brennan. Jesus is not a zombie. All right? Man. I shouldn't have to tell you that. On John Doe 361, there's a narrowing of the disc space on L2 and L3. Congenital? Unclear. Extensive injuries consistent with a body being thrown around by a flood. Cross-reference what you know so far with the D-Mort records of missing Katrina victims. Hey, Brennan. Why haven't you come home? Pretty soon, Ange. Is Booth there socially? Of course not. All right, what's going on? Hey, Bones has amnesia because a voodoo murderer put a spell on her to keep her from solving the murder of John Doe 361. That's a huge supposition. That's fine if you don't want to tell me. Ha. Voodoo amnesia. It's a good one. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's great. Brennan's fighting zombies in New Orleans. and we're stuck here. Oh, what's that smell? I imagine everything smells in here. Oh... Please just tell me that that car survived Katrina. We used it to evacuate. Did you restore it yourself, or did you use, uh, voodoo? Ah... An unbeliever. What can I do for you? You, uh... You know what that is? This is a dark spell. Forbidden magic, very strong. This is Secte Rouge. I certainly wouldn't make anything like this. But you have the ingredients here. Well, the individual ingredients are not malignant. It is how they are combined and what intention they are used for that makes a spell good or bad. Do you recognize me? No. Should I? Anyone else work here? My daughter, Eva. What is this about? We're conducting an investigation. Eva! What kind of investigation? Is it true that this is the only place a person can buy black gum root? Yes. Most places like this are all gone now. It's not a coincidence. Yes, Daddy? Have you ever seen this lady before? No. Why? We need to know who's bought this lately? Don't they need a warrant? Eva will pull up what you need on the computer. Eva... What you said before. What'd you mean it's just a coincidence? Most places like this where a houngan, a priest, can get what he needs-- they are all gone now. Because of the hurricane and flood. Which occurred because of a lack of balance. Mr. Benoit, are you suggesting that Secte Rouge somehow conjured up a hurricane? Secte Rouge voodoo is much more powerful than ours. No, Eva. Not more powerful. Destruction is easier than harmony, but not more powerful. There are a lot of misunderstandings about voodoo. Yeah, I know that whole zombie stuff puts a crimp in your public relations, I bet. These are the people who bought black gum root in the past month. Graham Legiere, the medical examiner. I tried to get in touch with him. He was scheduled to be out in the field this week. Graham? It's Temperance. What if he's not here? He's probably asleep. He's been working nights. Graham! Graham? Cracker. Hey, that's not funny. I think he invited me to dinner that night, or drinks. Can't remember. Mm-hmm. You know what? Maybe he roofied you. I'm sure he bought the black gum root to look into its medicinal qualities. Yeah, because we all know how effective that is. Voodoo healing is quite effective. No crazier than acupuncture or exorcism. Hey, hey. Easy on the Catholics. Okay? Just easy. Bones. There you go again. Bones! Please. Something bad happened here. They got away. Oh, yeah. Something bad. What exactly were you doing here? It's Graham, isn't it? Tell you what, Dr. Brennan. I'm going to ask the questions. Oh, come on, Detective. She was working with the guy. How closely? What's that supposed to mean? Answer my question, <i>please.</i> What brought you here? Was it a social call? Business? Revenge killing? Look, Legiere bought some black gum root from the voodoo store. We just stopped by to ask why. Why? That's what we came here to ask. You want to look behind me and remind yourselves why I'm a little low on sense of humor? What? That wasn't a joke. All right, she's not wisecracking. She just tends to be a bit, you know, literal. Day before yesterday I showed a voodoo expert a mojo that Graham found lodged in the mouth of John Doe 361. This, uh, voodoo consultation. Did it occur before or after amnesia? The amnesia's real. Graham purchased a rare ingredient at a voodoo shop on Pontchartrain Ave. So Graham made voodoo spells, shoved them into corpse's mouths and pretend to be surprised when he found them? What's that? Split cast, huh? More voodoo, just like the symbol on the wall. Bag it as evidence. Secte Rouge? What do you know about Secte Rouge? If you're done with us, Detective, we're going to go. I'm going to tear this place apart, and if I find one piece of evidence that ties you to the scene, I <i>will</i> take you into custody. Do you really think someone could go into a trance, commit a murder like that and not remember it? No, I don't. But I sure as hell think someone can fake amnesia. That's great. Thank you, Detective. These files are everything you and Graham worked on the day before yesterday. James, meet Agent Seely Booth. Dr. Embry is Graham's second in command. Condolences on your sudden promotion. Um... um... How do you think the job had anything to do with Graham being killed? Bones has voodoo amnesia; Legiere is voodoo-dead; and the last thing they worked on together was a voodoo ritual murder, so I'm thinking there might be some kind of a connection. Legiere's body-- is it, uh, bad as they say? How bad are they saying it is? No matter how bad they're saying it is, it's worse. I just want to mentally prepare myself. I-I start his autopsy in a few minutes. The file I need is John Doe 361. According to the records, these are the only cases you worked on the day before yesterday. Four sets of remains, two were easy IDs, drown victims processed and booted for burial. The other two were both males, John Does 349 and 350. I sent 361's X-rays to the Smithsonian. Well, I'll check again. Can I make a lifestyle suggestion here? Go ahead. You know, "vacation"-- it's from the Latin, <i>vacatio.</i> It means "freedom" or "release." You might want to consider that next time. Learning Latin? This is the opposite of vacation. I mean, the one that you snapped, went insane and totally lost your mind. Oh, thanks for your understanding. Uh, Dr. Brennan. There's no John Doe 361. Then whose X-rays did I send to DC? No, I mean the file is gone. Oh... Okay. I'll hold that. Zack Addy. Zack, it's me. Anything else on John Doe 361? Yes, Dr. Brennan, we found some damage to the pubic bone, some kind of strike marks. Did you get Angela to reconstruct the pattern? Yeah. Hi, sweetie. I'm here. I tried to make a digital positive, but it didn't work. Why? It was voodoo, probably. The extrapolation protocols can't resolve the gradient fluxes in the bone shadings. What's that? That's mumbo jumbo. It's scientific voodoo. Can you do them manually? Off an X-ray? Mm... not really. Can you send the actual remains? They don't exist. That makes no sense. It was probably voodoo. Voodoo? Okay, quit saying "voodoo." Yeah, because, you know it's not a factor. Okay, let me know what you find. Bye. How do we know this is not the guy shoving mojo bags into dead people? Those spells are the work of a sorcerer. Priests-- houngans-- can make healing motions mojoes, but I'm not allowed. But snake shaking-- that's fine? The snake pulls the evil out of the soul, freeing the spirit... I must do what small things I can. The floods washed away too much of what was good. Hey, Bones, how's about while you're a murder suspect, you, uh, act more like a normal woman and less like Lily Munster, okay? Bye. Good snake. Bye-bye. You know, call me crazy, but I'm suspicious of snake man. Oh! That's because you've been inculcated by the mainstream culture's prevailing Judeo-Christian tradition into instinctive skepticism of alternative mores. Yeah. Thanks for that explanation. I've been over every inch of these X-rays. Me, too. There's evidence of particles on the bones, but there is no way for me to know what they are. Probably dirt. Yes, thank you, Zack, but dirt is a meaningless word. It's as non-specific as saying air. You can't see air on an X-ray. What? I never said you could. What? I'm not even talking about air. You can see a space where air might be, like a cavity, but not the air itself. What I'm saying is that, yes, there are flecks on the X-ray that might be dirt, but that doesn't tell us anything. Is it sandy, hmm? Silty, humusy? Is it clay? Is it more organic than mineral? Is it soil? Is it pulverized gravel? What minerals are in it? Are the minerals crystalline? See, these are all details a person cannot get off an X-ray no matter how long he stares at it. Sometimes a person should look for things that <i>aren't</i> there instead of things that are there. You mean me? In dirt? No. Me. On the X-ray. I've been looking for anomalies which exist instead of anomalies which don't exist. Zack, if you are ever going to successfully mimic being human, you have to stop making everything about you, and feign interest in the other guy. Zack! I've noticed that you try to look taller. When? Around Dr. Brennan. I do not. And Angela, because they are both taller than you. You know what? I take it back. Don't take any interest in the other guy. Thank you for your help. So, do you remember anything else that could help us out? It could have been me. You remember that? Look at it objectively. Graham Legiere was killed between 11:00 P.M Tuesday and 3:00 A.M. Wednesday. Not only do I not have an alibi, I... I can't even explain to <i>myself</i> where I was. It could have been me. No, it couldn't. Yes... Wha...? How do you know? I just know, okay? I'd bet my professional career on it. I already did. What? Nothing. What did you do? Bones... stop. This is the last time and place that you want to be rational, okay? Let's just be wildly emotional and assume that you didn't psychotically murder a co-worker who invited you over for dinner. What's that? What? That. Ew... It's another voodoo dumpling? It's some kind of flesh. And these are seashells. Leather, I think. Is that a human tooth? Yes. A canine. Put down your weapon, Agent Booth. Put down your weapon. There's no threat from us. You're holding a gun on me. Yeah, well, you know, my finger here is not on the trigger. It's the best I can do under the circumstances. Holster your weapons. I'm here to arrest Dr. Brennan for the murder of Graham Legiere. Oh, that's not going to happen. Yeah, I'm pretty sure it is. I told you, Booth. Bones, please! Just once in your life will you be quiet? That's good advice because everything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. What is that? It's, uh... I found it on my pillow. Bones! Thank you, Dr. Brennan. What's the probable cause? Traces of Dr. Brennan's blood in Legiere's home, Legiere's blood on her clothing. From the clinic. Is that it? All I'm prepared to share with the federal government. Now, please, step away from my collar. I'm afraid I can't let that happen. Bones! Geez! It's better if nobody else dies while we get to the bottom of this. Uh! Well, you know what? I wasn't planning on dying. Ow! It's not you I worry about. Ow! You're welcome to the room. It's paid for. Were you sleeping with Graham Legiere? I don't... I don't think so. You don't think so? I don't remember sleeping with him, and at the clinic, they said there was no sign of sexual activity. I hope you kept your mouth shut. Okay, Temperance Brennan, Carolyn Julian. She's your lawyer. She's from the US Attorney's office. She's the best there is. You found a prosecutor to defend her? Interesting tactic. I've told Detective Harding everything I know so far. She's a fool? You didn't tell me she's a fool. No, she's a brilliant forensic anthropologist. Well, I have three degrees. I've pioneered research in... What's that? A gris-gris bag. I found it in my hotel... room... I'm assuming the person who left it there is trying to frame me, so the tooth is probably Graham's. Three degrees and still a fool. This interview is over, Rose. I need to speak with my client alone before she gives herself a lethal injection. Of course. Of course. It's nice seeing you again, Carolyn. Okay, Bones, what the hell were you talking to her for? I was just trying to help. You sew those lips together, girl, because there is no such thing as helping the New Orleans police. They just want to close the case as quickly and easily as they can, and you are making it Christmastime for them. Okay, listen, there's no way that Bones could have killed Legiere. I mean, it's just not her. I mean, look at her. I am doing you a favor taking this case, Booth. But as the lady cop says, I'm a prosecutor. And as it stands now, I could try this case in my PJs and still get a conviction. Well, shouldn't you get to know your clients before you make snap judgments? Bones... Fine. Stop me when I get something wrong. Trained in three types of martial arts, two assault charges, registered marksman with the NRA, hunting licenses in four states... You hunt? Only for food. Shot an unarmed man. He was trying to set me on fire. All right, just... just arrange bail for us, Carolyn, so we can get out of here. Sure, sure. Don't want to get this one mad at me. Bones, you just couldn't keep your mouth shut, could you? I can identify this guy. You know, Angela isn't that much taller than me. Spina bifida. He had a shunt from his brain stem down to his heart. It was removed more than a decade ago. We both like Brussels sprouts. You don't like Brussels sprouts. A man can change, Zack. What, a human tooth? Yeah, it was some kind of... some flesh, some fabric; it looked like some kind of shell. Yeah, sounds like to make you forget. Somebody doesn't want you to know what happened to John Doe 361. Booth, I'm not under a spell. Well, you forgot a whole day. The spirits don't need you to believe in them, Dr. Brennan; they believe in you. See you back at work, huh? How'd I get away? You know, Graham got killed. I got away. How did I do that? You know, Bones, all those things that Carolyn mentioned, you know, the martial arts, the shooting, the assaults... it's just you're just the type of woman that fights. Maybe they didn't expect it. Maybe they thought some kind of magic could hold you. I don't believe in magic. Exactly. You're a surprising woman. Sometimes that's enough for getting away. Why are you nice to me? Because. Because they think they get away with it. What? They burn their victim. They blow him up. They toss him in the ocean. They bury them in the desert. They throw 'em to wood chippers. Sometimes, you know, years go by, they relax. Then they start living their lives like they didn't do anything wrong. Like they didn't spend somebody else's life in order to get what they got. They think they're safe from retribution, but you know... you make those bastards unsafe. That's why I'm nice to you. I couldn't do that without you, Booth. Yeah. So, um, you should be a little nicer to me, huh? I really should. I walk in on something? Yeah. Beignet and a caf\, <i>cher.</i> Hospital records. The tox screen was negative. What? That's impossible. No rohypnol, no ketamine? Nothing but a touch of alcohol, not enough to affect a baby. A jury is never going to believe this amnesia story. Well, but it's true. Maybe this is true, too. Legiere tried to rape you. He was a notorious horndog. We claim self-defense, cop a plea, you're out in three years. No, I don't care what it looks like, or how you're reading the evidence, Carolyn, she didn't do it. Could be that's true, Seeley. You vouch for her, that's good enough for me. But, <i>cheri,</i> this looks bad. All you've got on your side is proof you got roughed up. These picture from the clinic, these X-rays. New wrist. The doctor was wrong. He said this was a Colles' fracture from a fall. This break shows surface trauma on the outside of the bone. This was either defensive, or someone slammed my wrist into something. Maybe because you tried to stab him in the heart with a knife. No, think about it. If I'd already stabbed the attacker, he wouldn't have been able to break my wrist. I like this story. What else? There's the mojo bag. I mean, someone was trying to put a forgetting spell on her. Booth. Hey, I can work with that. This is New Orleans, baby. And where's my beignet? Brennan. John Doe 361 is named Rene Mouton. How can you be sure? I looked for something that wasn't there, which turned out to be a shunt channel. Good work. You understood that? All Zack had to do was cross-check with D-Mort. I only thought of it because of Hodgins. I can discern particulates on the X-ray, but I have no way of telling what they are. Some kind of dirt? Okay, everybody, the word "dirt" means nothing here in the lab, scientifically. Any progress on the design that was pressed into the pelvic bone? I've tried three different computer programs. I fed in the information into multiple impact scenarios, but this isn't going to work on X-rays. I need the actual remains. Booth and I are looking for them as hard as we can. Or, better still, you could forget the whole thing and come home. Don't worry. I made bail. Bail? Bail? For what? I told you. Don't worry. The murder charge won't stick. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Murder charge? Brennan, the next plane, okay? The next plane, or I'm coming down there to get you myself. Everything's fine. I'm healing up satisfactorily. Bye for now. Healing up? You know what? This whole state of affairs where Brennan just runs around fighting crime? It's stupid. It's nuts. Don't you agree? Go. Go. I'll be... fine. Brennan will be fine, Angela. She got bail and the murder charge won't stick. What is going on with her? Angela... she started to change the day she met you. What? Well, she sees how you do it. All fun and involvement and pizzazz. Big, you know? Big life. Booth came along and gave her the opportunity, but she got the idea from you. Brennan wants a big life like yours. That's how it looks to me, anyway, but what do I know? I'm a bug guy. Bug and slime. And dirt. Yeah. So... Okay. Hmm. According to Bureau files, Rene Mouton headed up a small voodoo church. By all accounts, he was a very good man. He rescued scores of people during Katrina. Then he just disappeared. Some thought he was just swept away when the levee broke. Why would anyone murder him? You know the chaos, during the evacuation. Could even have been for a bottle of water. Or because he was a priest. The gris-gris box, the murder of Dr. Legiere, your amnesia-- this is the work of a bokor, a Secte Rouge sorcerer. Rene Mouton was a houngan, a powerful and well-loved priest. For Secte Rouge to claim his soul, this would give them influence on all the people that he influenced. Like a chain letter. Or in the real world, somebody who wanted his shoes. No, Booth, it makes sense. What does? Graham and I were on the trail of a broker... Bokor. And he found out, or Secte Rouge did. All right, great. Then we just toss the ring into the molten river and blah, blah, right? Look, in the meantime, somebody here had the ability to hide Mouton's body and files. James Embry. Me. Mike Doyle. Say you wanted to hide a particular body and you didn't want anyone to find out-- where would you put it? If I wanted to hide a body, I'd change the nametag on the coffin. Not Mouton, too young. He's buried and the evidence is gone forever. Female. You know, I find that hard to believe that horny little Mike Doyle is a voodoo sorcerer. Mm-hmm. Me, too. And he's not alone. You said to avoid the police. Not cooperating is one thing, Bones, okay? Concealing a double homicide? We might as well give them an excuse to hang us. Dr. Embry says that you can identify the bag of bones, The skeletal remains belong to a man named Rene Mouton. His skull is missing. Looks to me like Mike Doyle was drugged; a spike was driven through his head during or immediately following sexual intercourse. Well, it appears that Dr. Brennan, Dr. Embry, and Sam Potter here are the three people who could have pulled this off. Sam Potter brought us to the body; we called <i>you</i> in. Who does that leave? Oh, please. There's no security in this place. Anyone could have gotten in here. You said that Mike was having sex when he died. James, he must have been killed by the coffin girl. What? What's her name? Well, I never got her name. Is there a mojo in Doyle's mouth? I don't feel comfortable releasing that... The girl is a voodoo sorcerer. She works for Secte Rouge. Detective Harding, I know this is, you know, sounds superstitious, but... Three ritual murders and a world-renowned anthropologist, who can't remember how she ended up smeared with the blood of a skinned man, crucified to a wall with spikes. Call me superstitious. Excuse me. May I scatter fwan ginea over Mr. Mouton? To purify his remains. No! No more of this voodoo crap. I don't want you contaminating the body. What is it? Ashes from a ritual fire pit. Ashes from a dove's feather, salt mixed with holy water. Okay, okay, you know, we get the idea, just... It should have no effect on the bones, Detective Harding. Fine, fine, go ahead. Whoa! Did you see that? Very interesting phenomenon. The electrostatic charge of the particles reacted with the bone. Angela was unable to recreate that pattern from the X-rays using the best technology in the world. Electrostatic, my ass. That was part of an emblem of a 1959 Caddy Brougham... Oh, boy. What? The voodoo shop guy owns a 1959 Cadillac. He's got a voodoo daughter. You're taking my Caddy? Why? Why? Because we have reason to believe that your Caddy was used in the wrongful death of Rene Mouton. You think that someone did a hit-and-run on Rene Mouton in my Caddy? Yes. Mr. Benoit, does your daughter have a boyfriend? Yeah! This him? Mike Doyle. Yeah. Why? We need to speak to your daughter... by which I mean Detective Harding needs to speak to your daughter. I don't know where she is. Mr. Benoit, right now, she's a suspect in the murder of Mike Doyle. Why would Eva kill her boyfriend? It's hard to explain. She was involved in a hit-and-run. When the body surfaced at the morgue, she asked her boyfriend to help her hide it. He refused, so she killed him. Also, she's a member of Secte Rouge. No, no, no. I bet there are drugs in this shop that could knock me out, make me forget. Eva is downstairs, praying. Eva? Eva, open the door. No! Eva. Booth. Could that be Mouton's skull? Yes. And this could be the spike that she used on Mouton and Mike Doyle. This is the lair of bokor, someone who can call the dark spirits. This is used for ritual animal sacrifice. It was heated to red-hot first, to cauterize the wound so it wouldn't bleed. What, she killed herself because she knew we were coming? No, no, not my Eva. She drove the spike through her sternum? Sternum, heart. Through the chest cavity, through the spine. Can I open this? What? This one holds the soul of Mr. Rene Mouton. I believe this one holds the soul of the bokor. Why don't you just shut up? I would like to release Mr. Mouton's soul, so no other bokor can use it. No, it's evidence. Don't touch it. I raised my Eva to be a houngan, a healer. How could this happen right underneath my nose? Rebellious adolescent? Do you remember how much of this spike was protruding through her back when we first came in? Six, eight inches. Would the fact that the spike was red-hot cause it to go through the body more easily? No. It might even make it harder. Eva Benoit did not commit suicide. Based on what? This room isn't even 12 feet wide. Even if she ran at full speed and her aim was perfect, no way the spike would go through her spine, unless she was pushed onto it. He is the sorcerer. He believes he can bring her back to life. Okay, everyone, just simmer down, okay? You're saying that he murdered his daughter thinking that he could bring her back to life? You find her dead, you stop looking for Mouton's murderer. An inch or two to the left or right, we would have never known it was murder. It had to have been hard pushing her onto the spike, especially if she were resisting. You'd have some wounds of your own. There's your killer. I'd really like to go home now. Yeah, me, too-- all right, my advice, cuff Mr. Wizard here, before he puts a spell on you. What, no written confession? You want a confession? Threaten to release his daughter's soul, he'll tell you everything. Dr. Temperance Brennan. You leave here, you go home, it does not matter. There are powers, dark powers to which distance makes no difference. Easy, buddy. I've noticed that very few people are scary once they've been poked in the eye. Whew! I got in the middle of a battle between two religious sects. Benoit used Hurricane Katrina as a diversion to take the soul of a voodoo priest. And he killed his own daughter. Dark sorcerers suck, man. Oh, but you know, he intended to bring her back to life. There's not really any such thing as spells and magic. What are you talking about? They put a forgetting hex on Dr. Brennan. It wasn't the spell that made me forget; it was the drugs-- rohypnol. Blood test didn't find any. Gamma-hydroxybutyrate? Not a trace. Sodium petathol? Nope. Severe emotional trauma. Honey, even I think you're too strong-minded for that. There were too many delays in doing my blood test-- that, plus the adrenaline of my escape, the drugs were out of my system. They put the voodoo on you, baby. I didn't really mean to call you "baby." You guys, stop. Now. I mean it. You do believe in voodoo? Because even if a small part of you believes in it, then it has a grip. I do not believe. Maybe just a little? No. Good, because, you know, if you have any doubts, we'll just have Benoit send you back one of those little satanic mojo pouches from prison. Booth, objects have no intrinsic power. A person's future does not depend on some thing. Things are just things. They do not have magical meaning or powers. Where'd you get that? What does it matter? It's just a thing. Right? My mother's earring. No, uh... magical power over your future. Does that prove something?