I can taste cherries, a bit of ginger. Plums and cassis. And a hint of dark chocolate. Lovely. In another five years, it's going to be an exceptional wine. Yes, Bruce is a magician with my grapes. Of course, he convinced me to sink a mint into the vineyard over the last two years alone, but, money well spent. You're going to make Virginia the next California, Sean. Doc, wait until you taste the'97. Gotta be the best year we've ever had at Bedford Creek. Wouldn't you say, Bruce? Perfect balance of sun and rain, limestone and gravel. It was a year one dreams about. Now, some sediment is normal, especially in such a big wine. Salut. Cheers. - What the hell is going on, Bruce? - I don't know, sir. Something's in my glass. My God, that's a human finger. It's quite simple. Whatever Agent Booth says, you respond with whatever word or phrase pops into your head. And vice versa. That's ridiculous, I can't properly respond without careful thought. Can't we just make it a drinking game? No. This is a valuable, psychological tool, Agent Booth. When you respond viscerally we can get to the root of your emotional issues and figure out what binds you two together as partners. Donuts. - Beg your pardon? - Glazed donuts. I see 'em right there. - You had no breakfast. You're hungry. - I'm starving. - No, that's not the proper response. - Of course it is. I'm explaining why he said "donuts." The point of the exercise is not to explain, but to respond. - Children can do this. - Because it's childish. - Can we just try it, please? - All right, okay, fine, here we go. Are you ready? - Hunger. - Sex. - Horse. - Cowboy. - Child. - Baby. - Booth. - What, do you think, I'm a baby? - You're a father. - Mother. - Birth. - Happy. - Sperm. - Isn't this getting a little weird? No, keep going. - Okay. Egg. - I want a baby. - Horse. - Wait. Wait a minute. - We can stop here. - I actually found that interesting. - You want to have a baby? - Yes. I do. I just... I just realized it. I should have a progeny, it's... selfish of me not to. - Selfish? - Yes. Don't you need a, you know, guy to...? Just sperm. You'd be a very good donor, potentially. - Me? - But you need to be tested, of course. - What, is something wrong? - Yeah. Okay. You don't just go around asking for people's sperm. Yeah. No, I wasn't talking to you. Right. Yeah. On our way. We got a case. Wait, perhaps we should discuss this. I'm not conflicted, if that's what you're concerned about. - I've made a reasonable choice. - In two seconds over some stupid game. This is a well researched, therapeutic technique, Agent Booth. Really? This happens all the time patients asking for sperm? Yeah... no, well, not this specifically. Which is why I think some discussion is in order. - Shouldn't we go? Don't we have a case? - Yeah. We gotta get going. - This is all your fault. - I know this was surprising, but... You're the one who's always touting parenthood, implying that my life is incomplete because I don't have a child. I know, but this is kind of sudden. - Perhaps you don't want to help me. - Of course I do. - So you'll do it? - I'll think about it. I don't understand. It's a simple request. I'm sure you engage in masturba... Horse. Enough. We'll talk about it later. I'm not asking for you to be involved. All I want is your sperm. That's a good one. "All I want is your sperm." I never heard that joke before. - I don't understand. - Yeah. Okay. OK. Just close your mouth and point us to the body. The barrel's over here. Dr. Granger said it was a human bone, but... that's impossible. This may be an animal, a rat. - That could happen, right? - And you are? Sean Mortenson. This is my winery. And Bruce Hanover, my viticulturalist. The remains are human. The cask has been sealed since 1997. I did it myself. The seal must have been broken when the body was thrown in here. Exposure to air turned the wine to vinegar. - Looks like a purple Smurf. - Pelvic bone indicates a male. More like a rubber purple Smurf. Bones in vinegar leech calcium and will become gelatinous within three days. That is actually cool. This cask is filled with debris, decomposed tissue and organs. It all has to come back to the lab. Oh, God. Bones - Season 04 Episode 25 "The Critic in the Cabernet" Synchro: ShalimarFox Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Liquefactions suggests he's been there at least eight months. Scapula, clavicle. Fat globule. We're all just one step away from dissolving into the primordial ooze. Manubrium and ilium. Rendered brain matter. You got a sock, a belt. Molar, lateral incisor and canine. And this is just goo. I got a grommet, three nickels, and I am guessing a chocolate kiss. Bingo! A chunk of liver, enough for a tox screen. My guess, you'll find a high alcohol content. Tibia. I've decided to have a baby. Capitulum. Wait. Baby, like a small human? Yes. I know I've had no interest in the past, but, neither did you and you seem to find parenthood very fulfilling. Yes. I do. And... you brought this up now... why? I wanted to give you notice. I'll be needing some time off when the baby comes. About... six weeks I imagine. The staining makes it very difficult to see any anomalies on the bones. Is there a father? I'd like to use Booth's sperm. Booth. What do you know? If Booth doesn't work out, I donate my sperm monthly. I have a high IQ, excellent genetics, and motility. No emotional baggage. I'm kind of a catch. - Down, boy. - Weren't we investigating a death? Oh, my God. Dr. Brennan wants to have a baby. I offered my sperm, but she's leaning more toward Agent Booth. You're joking, right? Booth and I discussed it in Sweet's office. He's thinking it over now. Although, I don't understand why he'd be protective of his semen. There are six evenly-spaced cavities along the sides of the frontal and parietal bones. Hand me that grommet you found. Grommet. The grommet. Yes. Right. There you go. Thank you. I could get you my little swimmers at a substantial savings. - Fisher, just scoop, please. - Sure. He had a craniofacial implant. The way they're spaced, they're positioned to secure a prosthetic hairpiece. - Those are not very common. - I'll strain for the rug. If there's a missing persons report on the victim, it would definitely mention a surgical hairpiece. You can also replace the teeth in the mandible and... confirm with dentists. We heard right, didn't we? A baby. With Booth. There's a fracture on the zygomatic. Probably from a blow to the face. The guy is pickled, sweetie. He can wait. You can't just announce you're having a baby and walk away. 15,000 babies are born every hour. It's not all that exceptional. Brennan... this is crazy. Why? I'm intellectually gifted, financially secure. Statistically, I could expect to have an exceptional child. Fine. Yes. Absolutely. But you do know how this is supposed to work, right? You get naked together. You devour each other in a passionate frenzy. Booth would think that would create an emotional bond between us. - Of course that's ridiculous. - I knew you'd understand. Then why use Booth at all? Why don't you use Fisher and his discount sperm? No, Booth has a larger mandible and a more prominent zygomatic than Fisher, as well as a more pronounced ratio between the width of his clavicles and his ilia. So, it's because Booth is hot. Now we're getting somewhere. Statistically, attractive people are more successful. I'm only thinking of the child. Then do this right, sweetie. I am. Emotional ties are ephemeral and undependable. Look at you and Hodgins. You and Roxy. Booth and Rebecca. Booth and Cam. Brennan, I... I appreciate your concern, but I have thought this through rationally. This fracture hasn't fully remodeled. It occurred within a month of death. Possibly from an attack. The victim is Spencer Holt. Missing almost a year. He was a wine critic. Apparently he could destroy a vineyard with one review. Everyone likes a dead critic. I mean there's... we're going to have lots of suspects. Why are you here and why didn't you just send an e-mail? You and Brennan, you're going to have a baby? - She told you. - She told everyone. - It's probably on the news by now. - I'm just donating. - So you decided? - No. I am deciding. I-N-G, ing. I know you. You're going to do it. You want to do it without really doing it. It's still doing it even if you're not doing it the way it should be done. She wants a kid, okay? It'll make her more personable with people. - And what will it do for you? - She'll get what she wanted. - A piece of you? - Look at this. Holt's wife filed for a missing persons report. Now, I have to go tell her the bad news. - Sure. - You done? - Yes. - Thank you. So apparently, Holt's wife was pregnant when he disappeared. - So she's raising the child alone? - I guess so. You know, and no one thinks twice about that. There are millions of single women raising healthy, productive children. There was a domestic disturbance report filed a month before he disappeared. You know, if we go, through with this, and I'm around, and if you need help... I'll have a nanny. I I figured. But, you know, if it's her day off. You don't have faith that I can do it? - What? I didn't say that. - But you think I'd be a good mother? Yeah, of course. I know sometimes you don't think I'm empathetic. And it can be difficult for me sometimes. But I would love my child, Booth, I would. I know. I know that, Bones. I know people disapprove. If you're uncomfortable, Fisher sells his sperm monthly, he's very intelligent and... Fisher? No, you are not having Fisher's kids. You'd be giving birth to the spawn of Satan, I'll do it. No obligation. I don't want you to feel any obligation. I'll do it. Don't worry about it. It's your kid, it's totally yours. - Not worried about it. - I just saying I'll do it. You hold out hope, but in my heart, I've known for months. - What happened? - We don't know yet; - we're still investigating. - He was found at Bedford Creek Winery. At Bedford Creek? - You been there? - I'm the wife of a wine critic. I've had to sit through tastings at half the places in the country. I don't even like wine. Oh, God. I am all covered. I'll get her. Spencer always wanted me to give up my carpentry business. Said I smelled of stain. Ruined the bouquet when he was tasting wine. - Bones, you need help? - No, no, I'm fine. You got to help with the... You like spatial disorientation, don't you? Yes, you do. She likes you. All Spencer could ever talk about was having a little girl. He would've made a good father. Your husband also exhibited a facial fracture that hadn't fully remodeled. Yes. He tried to break up a fight at the wine expo. Mortenson was going after Charles Dunwood. Mortenson from Bedford Creek? He's a real bastard. - He and your husband didn't get along? - No. Mortenson loved him. Spencer gave his cabernet a 99. No one gets that. It was Charlie Dunwood Mortenson hated. Because Charlie made a cheap wine next door and he wouldn't sell out to Mortenson. - And you saw this fight? - No. They all deny it, of course. But Spencer told me about it. There was a domestic disturbance report filed approximately one month before your husband disappeared. - Can you explain that? - Our neighbor heard us arguing. That's all. She called the police. The report says it was more than an argument, Mrs. Holt. I threw some dishes. But not at Spencer. It was just the pregnancy hormones, you know? I would never hurt Spencer. You don't believe the victim's wife? I think that we should check with Dunwood. He might've a different story. What about the owner of Bedford Creek Winery? Mortenson is rich. If he's involved, you don't want to spook him or he's just gonna hire an army full of lawyers to go make our lives miserable. Would you like legal protection? - What? - With the child so you feel secure that I won't be asking for money or support. - No, I don't need legal protection. - But if you do... I don't. I've made an appointment for you at the fertility clinic. They will check your semen for motility, morphology, sperm count. My boys can swim. All right? I have a child, do you rember? This isn't personal. I'd be remiss if I didn't look at an analysis of your semen. It's a very simple process. You just go to the clinic, give a sample. It takes five minutes. They have pornography, if you need stimulus. I get it. You really liked holding that kid, didn't you? I've been thinking about how exciting it will be to expose my own child to early pattern recognition. You know, they like singing and... when you make funny faces at them, too. Yeah, of course. I will make a diverse schedule. When it doesn't contain human remains, Bedford Creek makes an excellent cab. It's very full-bodied. It's like an Australian Shiraz. I only drink diet soda. I'm hoping the preservatives can add some stability to my life. Here's a little pocket knife. And some glass fragments embedded in the fabric from his shirt. There's some scraping on the anterior of this rib. I got a gouge on the third rib and one here on the sternum. - You think he was stabbed? - I can't tell from the incised edges, 'cause the bones are soft and completely stained from soaking in the wine. Man, I can barely get wine stains out of my shirt, let alone a skeleton. But your shirt isn't composed of calcium. Oh, my God. I can clean them. This is weird. Something good is happening. Take a deep breath; I'm sure it'll pass. The approximate weight of the bones is 12. 43 kilograms. I'm gonna need 781 boxes of denture cleaner. Shame about Holt. He was a good guy. One of the only critics who didn't dump on my wine. But your wine sells for three dollars a bottle. That's right, yeah. In a bottle or a box. - It's a good honest drink. - That's good. I didn't know you knew anything about wine. It's good, like the beer of wine. Holt got that. He knew I wasn't trying to be more. Holt's wife said that, he had to break up a fight between you and Mortenson from Bedford Creek Winery. Yeah, it was at the wine expo, in the parking lot. I told Holt to stay out of it. I shoved Mortenson, all right? The guy was in my face. Holt got in the middle, right when Mortenson was taking a swing, so he took the hit. Mortenson walked out. Just left him. What was the fight about? My vineyard's next door to his, and, he thinks I'm an embarrassment. He wants to buy me out. He threatened some bogus lawsuits. My family's been working those fields since 1928. This is my life. So you had no issue with Mr. Holt? Hell, no. You know, if he were alive, I'd pat him on the back. For what? For taking that bastard Mortenson down a peg. - Yeah, but he loves Bedford Creek wine. - Yeah. But I heard he loves sleeping with Mortenson's wife even more. Is that what I think it is? Were you thinking sodium perborate and potassium monopersulfate? Actually, I was thinking Nana Shirley's teeth. More like 781 sets of Nana Shirley's teeth. Fisher says this will remove the staining. Could. I said could. There is no certainty but death and the incomprehensible conundrum that is life. Fisher, have you ever just taken a moment to forget yourself? Watch, like, The Three Stooges and just laugh? Yeah, I never found humor in grown men giving each other concussions with construction equipment. I tried. Tox screen on the remnants of the liver was inconclusive. Rhe vinegar will obscure just about everything. But I did find some inorganic agents mixed in with the liquefied tissue. Might help us find cause of death. I think I found stab wounds on the ribs and sternum. We'll know more if we can clean the stains. It's quite simple. You just ejaculate into the cup. Here we go, Mr. Booth. You look a little flushed. Are you okay? - Sure. Yeah, I'm fine. - Sometimes men can feel awkward. Knowing people out there know what you're doing in here. Thanks for that. You know what to do. You're kidding, right? There are magazines and videos, if you need them. Enjoy. Why are you here at the bank, Booth? You've got a hot doctor friend. Go to her and make a direct deposit like a man. That's impossible. And yet we converse. Look, a pile of porn. Delicious. Give me a peek, Booth. Just a little peek at a booby? Please? What's your problem? You're threatened by a cute, harmless baby? Grow a set! You do want her to have your baby, don't you? Of course I do. It's just, I want her to have a baby because it's what she wants. And you could just walk away like a heartless cad while she changes poo all by her lonesome? It's what she wants! Are you okay in there, Mr. Booth? I'm fine. Just, fine, thank you. Listen, could you just go away now, OK? I don't need your help. You're not a bad looking fellow, and if you'd just keep an open mind... Go back to cartoon land, wherever you came from. Leave! You sure? I'm good at pretend games. That wasn't possible. - Agent Booth. - Sweets! - How you doing? - I'm fine. Turns out that, the victim might have been sleeping with Mortenson's wife? Jealousy, always a good motive. Yeah, that's good. But, I'm more interested in whether you decided to inseminate Dr. Brennan. God, you know, don't say it like that. I'm sorry. I'm interested in whether you decided to provide your semen for her fertilization. Saying it like that is worse. I could go with "baby daddy," but that seems even... I'm gonna do it. I've already made the deposit. That's right. Apparently, I am a god. That's right. Motile sperm count: 28. 8 million. I could start my own country. Okay, then. Well, I'm sure you'll be going through a lot of emotional changes because of this, so if you need to talk... Thank you, but, it's her baby, so it's gonna be her life that's turned upside-down, not mine. - So you're not at all stressed by this? - I'm an FBI agent, and a former sniper. This is not a life or death situation, you understand? Yeah, sure. Well, if you need anything, I'm available. I don't need anything. I am just doing what, you know, anyone else would in this situation, right? Like what? Just... I got a little, you know, anxious at the clinic. - Anxious? - Anxious. Don't get all shrinky on me. No, no, what kind of symptoms? Shortness of breath, lightheaded? - It's normal, right? - Absolutely. Sometimes, donors can feel an emotional attachment, even if they don't know the recipient. In this case, since you and Dr. Brennan... It's normal to imagine things? Well, not pink elephants, but... No, no, no, of course not. Like, baby things. It'd be odd if you didn't. It'd be odd if I didn't. You're my guy. That's all I needed to hear. Thanks, Sweets. Thanks. I gotta go, take care of something. No problem. Anytime. There are tiny fractures near the coronal sutures. We never would have noticed these before. The denture cleaner was an excellent idea, Mr. Fisher. Now if I only possessed rudimentary social skills. They aren't really necessary for your work. I wish my parents were that understanding. You're gonna be a good mother. I would imagine so. Evidence of hemorrhaging on the underside of the fractures. There was a perimortem blow to the head. Okay. Booth is waiting for me. Check the degree of hemorrhagic staing to see if it was cause of death. If Booth is still reluctant... No, he offered 28. 8 million viable sperm in a mere three milliliters of ejaculate. As the feeling of inadequacy makes me shrivel. Spencer Holt was a big supporter of Bedford Creek wines. - He was here for numerous tastings. - Your little boy is adorable. Thank you. Phalanges, dancing phalanges. - Bones. - Right, sorry. So you... were sleeping with Spencer Holt, weren't you? Subtle. Sleeping with him? Of course not. Who told you that? Seems like your husband had, quite the temper. Charlie Dunwood, right? - That is not your husband's child. - What? - I think you should leave. - The bone markers bear - a clear resemblance to Spencer Holt. - They do? Research shows that babies strongly resemble their fathers in the first year of life. The evolutionary theory being that they're less likely to be abandoned if the fathers recognize themselves in their offspring. What? Your kid will look like me, at least for the first year? There's a high statistical probability, yes. Excuse me. I can compare these photos against Spencer Holt's remains. - The maxilla and nasal aperture... - Stop. My husband could come in any moment. So it's true? Sean and I tried. It's all about business with him, but I really wanted a child. Spencer understood, and one night after a little too much wine... I appreciate everything Sean does for me, but Spencer was, you know... Kind? I wish he had the chance to see his child. So does his wife. Maybe your husband found out that you were having an affair, and, he decided to get rid of Mr. Holt. Seems like the kind of guy who likes to get what he wants. Sean has a temper, but he would never hurt anyone. What the hell are you doing? We were just asking a few questions about Spencer Holt. You keep your mouth shut. I told you everything when you found him, and we're not saying anything else without our attorneys present. Is that clear? I tried to talk to Brennan about that whole baby thing. - She won't listen to me. - Neither will Booth. Guess all we can do is board up the windows and hope the levees hold. - It's none of our business. - Exactly right. - That kid is gonna be so cute, though. - Please, we're gonna go nuts. I bought it a little onesy today. I got the results back on the inorganic goo. Contains calcium arsenates. - Arsenic? - Yeah, it was on his clothes and mixed in with the tissue. So, he was poisoned? This isn't a high enough concentration to kill him. Booth said Holt's wife worked with wood building playsets. Arsenic is used in stains and wood preservatives. It's tough to wash off. So Jenny Holt found out her husband was cheating on her, stabbed him, and left us a chemical fingerprint. Spencer traveled a lot, visiting vineyards across the country and Europe, South America. That's why I waited to file the missing persons report. He was missing for ten days. You didn't even talk to him during that time? We'd been having some trouble in our marriage, but we loved each other. You know he was having an affair with, Kim Mortenson? Yes, I knew about Kim, but we would have gotten past it. When the baby was born, we would've gotten closer, like we had been. Did you know he was the father of Kim's baby, too? - What? - Yeah. No, that's impossible. Knowing that he was having an affair is one thing, but knowing he fathered another child while you were pregnant... that would put anyone over the edge. I didn't kill Spencer. I loved him. In your work, do you use stains or wood preservatives that contain arsenic? There are traces, yes. Arsenic was found on his clothes, in his wounds in an amount that could easily have been transferred from the assailant during an attack. Why would I leave my little girl without a father? Why would I do that to her? Where were you for the ten days he went missing? That was months ago. I couldn't tell you. No one could. All of the injuries to the ribs and sternum had silica embedded in them which matched all of the glass shards found in the wine cask and on Holt's clothes. Yes, these injuries to the ribs and sternum... can you connect the impact points? Why, you think Holt's wife was making a design when she was attacking him? There are three main impact points. What if they were a circular pattern? Okay, well, a circumference... the circle is nine and a half inches. What is the circumference of a wine bottle? My guess, nine and a half inches. Yeah, let's see. Yep, nine and a half inches. OK, get some Bedford Creek wine. See if the bottle was sufficient to cause these injuries and hemorrhagic staining at the coronal suture. You know, a watermelon is the same density as the human head. I like the way you think, Fisher. I have an appointment with a fertility specialist next week. I could be inseminated within a month. - Really? - You didn't tell Agent Booth? I promised him he wouldn't have to be involved. Right, exactly, you see, 'cause we have a... an arrangement. Well, I thought that these sessions were meant for you to see how we interact as partners. How does this relate? You're using agent Booth to have a child. You don't see how that might relate to your partnership? Has nothing to do with our work. Let me just organize my thoughts here. It's not like I'm going to be bringing the child along when we interrogate someone. But you might decide to breastfeed. It is healthier. That's true. So, yes, there might be some crossover. I can see that now. I'm sorry. Go on. I think you need to acknowledge that there are some emotional considerations that you might be denying. Like what? There are sperm banks that guarantee high IQs and exceptional physical prowess, yet you specifically chose Agent Booth. Why? He has traits like courage and compassion and empathy that would be tremendous assets to my child. Sperm banks don't catalog those traits. Did you just say something nice? No, I gave an objective evaluation. Because it sounded like you said something nice. How can you two not see what's going on here? What is the big deal? She was gonna have a baby anyway, I mean, with Fisher. What would you have done? What I would have done is not important, but you admitted to feelings of anxiety. You know what, Sweets? You are crossing a line right there. - I agree. - No, I'm not actually. In my position, I could make an evaluation that states that you two are not suited to work together because of interpersonal issues that are not being dealt with. - Ridiculous. - Dreamer. So perhaps until our next session, maybe you should think about some of the things that I brought up today. It's confirmed by the modeling. Yep, the shards of glass found in the cask have the same thatch design as the base of the Bedford Creek bottles. So, we know the bottle was from Bedford Creek. Then we don't have to do the experiment. We have all the melons already, you know, and the bottles... - Confirmation would be beneficial. - We'd be remiss if we didn't confirm. Sorry, Mr. Holt. That bottle was supposed to break. Yeah, otherwise, the injuries make no sense. You're sure a melon has the same density as a human head? Would I waste our time? Give me that. - I enjoyed that too much, didn't I? - It's important to love your work. Maybe she hit him with the narrow end. She was a carpenter. More strength. I was going out to dinner. - Would you like a towel? - Very much. The Bedford Creek bottles, they wouldn't have broken. But it would've smashed his skull. But you said the design you found on the glass confirmed that it was a Bedford Creek bottle. Yeah, but... these bottles wouldn't have provided the injuries that we found. So... after all this, we have no weapon or cause of death? Did you ever think, what if Booth is the perfect father for your child? Not just his stuff, but him. What if you're throwing away the chance to have a family, a real family, because you're scared? Scared? Why would I be scared? I've been to Rwanda, to Iraq. Listen, you said you wanted to do this alone because feelings are ephemeral. So is life, Brennan. We're here one minute, and then we're gone the next. You should know that better than anybody. If you keep living trying to protect yourself, nothing is ever gonna touch you. Sweets said that it's not his job to tell somebody what they're feeling or how they should live their life. Lucky thing I'm not a shrink. The bottles were counterfeits. - Counterfeit? - Even though the design was the same, the glass found in the cask had a lower concentration of dolomite and magnesium dioxide than the real Bedford Creek bottles. Someone's been counterfeiting Bedford Creek Cabernet. A bottle of Bedford Creek sells for over a hundred bucks. So if someone fills counterfeit bottles with cheap wine and ships out a couple thousand cases saying it's from Bedford Creek, - they could make some serious money. - Exactly. Now, I also found that the arsenic compound I thought was from the stain contains parathion. We don't know what that means. It's an organophosphate used as an insecticide. The only vineyard in the area licensed to use it by the EPA is Dunwood Winery. Charles Dunwood. We found cases of this in your warehouse. You were counterfeiting Bedford Creek wine. You charged a hundred dollars for a three-dollar wine. The stupid wine snobs, they don't even know the difference. But Holt did. He found out, didn't he? He was... going to tell Mortenson. It was none of Holt's business. I told him to stay out of it. I need the money to fight Mortenson's bogus lawsuits. I wasn't gonna let that bastard take my place. My family's been there for over 80 years. Is this man a complete dunce? God. Booth, what is it? Why doesn't he just clam up and ask for a lawyer? You, sir, are a boob! Some people, they just feel remorse, and they want to set the record straight. Please! He makes wine a homeless person wouldn't cook with. He never felt remorse about that. Nobody asked you. - Who are you talking to? - What's going on? Nothing, just, go on. I followed him to Mortenson's. He had one of the bottles. It was late and... And you cornered him in the wine cellar and beat him to death to shut him up. Blah, blah, blah. We know. Will you shut up? Shut up! Booth, who are you talking to? So, are you gonna let her have this baby alone? - I didn't say that. - You are! You're going to abandon your child! Night's deepest gloom washes over my tiny frame. No, I can't away. I never said that, OK? Do you understand? I can't walk away. This is my kid. If I can't be involved, I don't want her to have the baby. And the sun shines again! Good man, Boothie! - What the hell's going on here? - You shut up and don't move. You're coming with me. Wait! Stop! You're leaving a helpless child alone with a killer! Stop! - What is going on? - I can't do it. Listen, I have to be involved. If I'm the father, then... I have to be a father. You were seeing something in there, what were you seeing? Stewie, you know, the baby from The Family Guy. You, you saw Stewie... in there? In the interrogation room? - So, what do you say about the kid? - Fine, I won't have a baby. That's it? No, it doesn't matter now, we're going to the hospital. - It's no big deal, OK? - It is. Booth, you thought you saw Luc Robitaille and then the ghost of a dead friend and now a cartoon baby. Trust me, something is wrong. Trust me. They should've the CAT scan results now. They're getting a second opinion. Then the other doctor should've been standing by. - Are you all right, Sweets? - No, no, I'm not. I'm not the level-headed shrink at the moment. I'm just the guy whose friend is in trouble, and I'm having a hard time dealing with it. Okay? I'm sorry. I just need a moment. Sure. Man, just when you think you know what's what. Man, we can't take anything for granted, can we? Why is it so easy to forget that? Ange, when we split, either one of us could've stopped it. - It would've been easy. - I know. It'd be just as easy... to begin again. They think it's a cerebellar pilocytic astrocytoma. God, that sounds bad. Brain tumor. It's usually benign. Usually. They're prepping him for surgery now. So fast. - They didn't want to take any chances. - Go. He shouldn't be alone before he goes in there. I just wanted all of you to know... statistically, he should be fine. This isn't about me. The surgery should take about two hours. I was getting used to hallucinating. I get lonely. You're gonna be fine, Booth. Dr. Jurzik is one of the best. Would you come in there with me, to the operating room? No, I'll see you in Recovery. What are you gonna do, sit in the waiting room and read all those old magazines for hours? I'm not a neurologist, Booth, or a surgeon. Yeah, but you're a genius. That's good enough for me. Plus, you'll know if they're screwing up. I'll ask. I'll let you know when we're ready for that... thanks. Let me just take a look. Excuse me. Can we stop for a second? Can you just give me a minute, please? What's wrong? Listen, Bones, if I don't make it... - Booth, you're gonna be fine. - Yeah, but if I'm not... I want you to have my stuff. You know, for our kid. I want you to. You're gonna be a really good mom. You're gonna be fine, Booth. I'll be right here.