They found the victim in the filtration system. Just,you know,some bones,and nobody knows what to make of them. Look at this- millions of tax dollars are spent to clean and treat tap water and yet people spend billions on bottled water. Well,it's cleaner. Look. Comes from a clean mountain stream. Yeah. Which contains fecal matter from animals. No bones in it,though,is there? Excuse me. Do you know how long this is going to take? Department wants to know when I can get back online. Any way to determine where the body originated? Water comes here through pipelines that travel through five different states. That's why I called the Feds in. Great. How many miles of pipe? About 1,800. Okay. I'm going to need a schematic of the entire system as soon as you can. Sure. Yeah. Bones? Well,swirl treatment sped the rate of decomp. Death was most likely less than three months ago. The sacrum is small- still developing. A kid. A little girl. About eight to ten years old. Okay. Any luck with cause of death? Postmortem trauma makes assignation of cause difficult. Great. "No" would have been just fine. There are bands of discoloration on the ribs. Cam might find out why with a tox screen. I'd like those clothes as soon as I can get them. Lots of crusty bugs and slime. All yours. Zack,spend some time with the teeth. They should be more discolored. Everything okay here? Yeah. Sure. Hey.You know? How's things? You know.Murder and stuff. Just another day at the office. How about you? Same ol' same ol'. Listen,the Bureau's running location checks for registered pedophiles in the area but we can't do much until we,you know,I.D. the girl. I'm running DNA on the hairs I pulled from the skull. There's something funky about it. The roots confirm brown hair. The blond is from oxidized thiols evident in the hair shaft. Her hair was bleached? Right. Come on,what nine-year-old dyes her hair? Well,it may explain why my sketch isn't getting any hits from the Missing Children's database. Zack,look at the remains again with a focus on any physical anomalies that could hamper identification. I've got results cooking,so... Sure,yeah. See you later. Don't you have work to do? Don't you? Right. Right. I should be able to run a tox screen with the tissue left on her clavicle. The scrapings I took from the cheek and eye socket contain propylene glycol fragrance,dyes and lanolin. She was wearing make-up? I was going to use dentition to narrow down the age range but look. She has false teeth? What the hell happened to this kid? The false teeth replaced the missing deciduous teeth. Baby teeth. And the other teeth were veneered. What is she,a midget stripper? Okay,this is the color she would've had from the bleaching. I think the alkaloids would make the color brighter. Okay,so some twisted psycho killer gives this little girl a makeover before he kills her? I hate working with kids. Childhood should be all about swings. Swings? Yeah. You know,how high can I go? If I twist the chains,how fast will I spin? What if I try to jump off before the swing stops? Exactly. I miss that feeling. Yeah. Me,too. I miss organic chemistry class. Those were good times. I miss my first microscope. Great. Yeah. And I miss normal people. Can we go on? Factor in the teeth. Yeah,you know,because this isn't weird enough. Hodgins supplied the types of makeup and that's what we've got. She looks 30. Okay. Run the image against the database now. Oh,my God. That's Brianna Swanson. Who? Little beauty queen who disappeared a few months ago. In the middle of a Little Miss Junior Patriot Pageant. Just nine years old. What do you mean? there isn't even enough of her for me to see? The body traveled through miles of piping and then after three months... She was so beautiful,wasn't she? I always thought someday she'd come back. I even filled out her application for the Junior Miss Starlight Competition. She would have won her division. We're very sorry for your loss. Ms. Swanson, I discovered dental work on Brianna one doesn't usually see on a child. The veneers and the caps? Yes. A lot of the girls have them. Statistically,that's... that's not true. Well,Brianna took some antibiotics when she was a baby that stained her teeth. She was very self-conscious about that so I wanted her to feel good about herself. A nine-year-old is hardly mature enough to make an informed decision about... You were at the competition in Delaware when Brianna went missing. Correct? Yeah. I never missed a pageant. I never would. But you weren't... you weren't with her when she disappeared? No. I left her alone in our room for a minute. When I came back,she was gone. There's not a day that goes by that I don't hate myself for that. According to initial reports you suspected your ex-husband of kidnapping Brianna? Well,he was trying to get custody of here for over a year. David was not fit to be a father. He wanted Brianna out of spite. He tried to drown me in lawyer fees. Was your ex-husband violent with you or Brianna? Not physically,no. But once,when we were fighting, he said that he would rather have Brianna end up in a ditch somewhere than turn out like me. It's the "evening wear" category that gets me. My evening wear is a ratty T- shirt and a mud mask. There's bleeding evident under the mental foramen. There was complete disruption of all ventral ligaments between the victim's skull and the first and second vertebrae. Her neck was broken. Dislocated fracture of the mandible suggests her death was caused by a strong blow to the chin by an object heavy enough to leave markings on her mental foramen. I found fragments of steel in the victim's jacket. There was also an excessive amount of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. I assume that means something. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons are found in soot, pesticides,creosotes,roofing tar... The original police report said Brianna's father was a roofer. Yeah. Interesting coincidence,huh? I'll call Booth. About this? You have a roofing business? Uh... Yeah. I.. I went out on my own when Brianna was born. Thought I could make some more money,you know? Do you use mastic asphalt in your work? Uh,yeah. For waterproofing. Why? Were you working the day your daughter disappeared? No. It was a weekend. What are you guys getting at? We're just trying to piece things together. Damn it,I answered all these questions when Brianna first went missing! This is Jackie's doing.Right? You wanted your daughter back. Sometimes,in a divorce,emotions get a little high you don't know what you're doing... No. I know exactly what happened. Jackie wasted so much time having the cops check me out the case went cold. This is all Jackie's fault. Look. This was my little girl. Not what Jackie turned her into. This is who I wanted back. You,uh... you didn't give her the remains,did you? No. We can't release them. Not before the investigation is completed. I want her buried right. I don't want her funeral to be some disgusting show Jackie puts on. I want to bury her with some love,you know? How's it going? FBI sent over the security tapes from the hotel where Brianna's pageant was held. I'm running them through the body mass recognition program. Maybe we'll find a shot of her leaving with somebody. Could you ever do this to your kid? You know me. I'm all about the swings. Did you bring me something? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. This was in the zippered pocket of what was left of Brianna's jacket. It's treated cellulose. Can you get any details from it? I'll give it a shot. Listen,Angela we've been dancing around this for months now like two pieces of neodymium caught in a magnetic field. Is that good? Yeah. But,if the field weakens,they fly apart. Which is why I thought they should go on a date. Hodgins... You can't say that you don't feel it. Come on. We owe it to ourselves to give it a try. I... I just don't think it would be a good idea. I mean,we work together,Jack. Angela... I'm sorry. You're making a mistake. I'll examine the paper after I go through the videos. Sure. This is the rib cage of a healthy ten-year-old girl. And this is our victim's rib cage. Ouch. This is an X ray of a teenage girl who died in 1872. What caused the deformity? Was it genetic? It was a corset. Tightened a little more each day. Based on the degree of misshaping, I'd say Brianna slept in one every night. That's torture. I imagine it was to give her an hourglass figure which wouldn't be possible naturally until well into puberty. You got to be...You're telling me her mom did this did her? People have done much worse for beauty. Neck stretching,foot binding. Okay,and you're saying that makes it okay? Well,of course not. Any major alteration of our underlying architecture demeans us. You know,we all have aspects of ourselves we might wish were different. Yes. I wanted larger biceps before I became comfortable with my mental acuity. Here...you can see cribra orbitalia,suggesting Brianna suffered from long-term malnourishment. There's no enamel erosion to indicate bulimia so it's more likely she's been on a calorie-controlled diet for at least two years. Oh,it gets better. Oh,how can it not? Her tox screen came back with traces of somatropin tetracycline,and glycopyrronium bromide. Human growth hormone broad-spectrum antibiotic used to treat acne and a chemical mixture that controls perspiration. All with serious side effects. No prescriptions were ever issued. So Mom bound,starved and drugged her. That's heartwarming. Our society puts a premium on beauty common in declining cultures. Hey,guys,you should take a look at this. This was time-stamped a half hour before Jackie Swanson reported Brianna missing. There. She said not a day goes by that she doesn't hate herself. I can see why. If Jackie's willing to risk her child's life to win these pageants... What would happen if the daughter refused to be beaten what you understand is that this was Brianna's dream,not mine. You put your nine-year-old daughter in a corset,Ms. Swanson. Corset. Yeah,Brianna ordered that off the Internet herself and I didn't tighten it up very much. Did you ever think to tell Brianna that she didn't need to alter her physical appearance in order to be loved? Did Brianna disappoint you somehow? No. She was a perfect angel. She won every competition,even her first one. And after that,it was music and dance classes. She was a real competitor. And when she won,it reflected well on you. That way you wouldn't have to deal with your own physical identity. I don't like her. Oh. Let's... play a little show-and-tell,shall we,hm? How about this? Can you explain these? Those there... And,then,that one.My favorite one. Okay,these... these were right before she disappeared. We had a... disagreement. About the pageant? No. About her piano piece- I suggested she use her elbow to hit the last note with her head in her hands give the audience a little smile- it's called dazzle. And she didn't want to do that. No,she didn't want dazzle,she wanted to finish it perfectly. But it seems very silly now. Only now? What happened immediately following this? I sent her up to our room and I sent myself to the hotel bar for a very large glass of rose. And believe me,I was not the only mother doing the exact same thing Great. I'm sure you can,provide me with a list of the other mothers. Blood would have rushed to the injured areas that are evident on her X rays,but there's no evidence of blood flow here or here or here. So she was beaten after she died. The blows appear to be consistent with kicking, but the dispersal pattern is abnormal. Can you tell anything about the shoes?Size? Make? Only that they are quite rigid. Possibly steel-toed. And Hodgins said he found fragments of steel in the jacket. Hodgins asked me out. Is that why you're hiding in here? I'm not hiding. I need advice. What,on a personal matter? Yes. From me?! Yes. But... romance is sort of... This is like me asking you advice on phylogenetic systematics. Phylogenetic systematics? I have no idea what that is. Exactly. Well,I can't ask Cam. Can't ask Cam what? Oh,Hodgins asked Angela out on a date. Brennan! Wa... Was it a secret? It was a secret. I just came to ask if you'd made any progress on the cellulose. Oh,no. Okay. Wait. You can't pretend you didn't hear about this. Fine. What'd you tell him? No. Why? Because it would be a disaster. All of a sudden,you have an opinion on this? You should never indulge in a romantic relationship with someone you work with. Why not? Well,anthropologically? There's an anthropological answer? An efficient workplace is predicated upon a simple hierarchy. Romance undermines that hierarchy. This is like when I had an affair with my thesis supervisor in college. Don't think we have time for that. I say go. What about this hierarchical,sexual... Won't be an issue. It's always fun to flirt in the workplace,but out there, when fantasy becomes a reality,it's a drag. Wha...? The date will be bad? It will be awful. You'll both realize it's not meant to be. There'll be a couple days of awkwardness and then everything goes back to normal. If I were you,I'd go with Cam on this one. Why? Phido-genetic systematics. I have to go to dance class. Jackie Swanson's alibi checks out- she was in the bar when Brianna disappeared. Eh,can't we just prosecute her for being horrible? Is that the dance teacher? Yeah. That's Charlotte Craft. She owns the studio. She also runs the Junior Miss Patriot Pageant. I mean,she's got to be able to give us something,right? I always wanted to take dance,but I was... so gawky and uncoordinated. What,you? Later I understood that the... gawkiness was caused by an asymmetrical development of the iliac crest. Oh,yeah,because,you know what, that's what I would've guessed-the old,uh,iliac crest. Hi. Which one's yours? Hm? Which what is what? Mine? Ours? Ours? Oh,no,no. Whoa.We're not,heh,no,no,that's not... We're... FBI. Oh,wow. Really? Oh.Are you here about...Brianna Swanson? Did you know Brianna? Yeah. Very well. I'm Kristen Mitchell. That's my daughter,Ariel,by the bar,with the gray leg warmers. They...they took classes together were in the same pageants. Sometimes I can't help but wonder what if it had been Ariel who got kidnapped. Why do you assume she was kidnapped? Well,I can't imagine Brianna just running away. Well,these pageants are very competitive,you know. There's a lot of pressure,probably,on her. To Brianna? Uh,no. No way. I mean,she had the face of an angel,but underneath, let's just say she had her sights set on winning that pageant. Why? I don't understand the question. What's the draw here? Oh,my God,the girls,they love it. They get to dress up all glamorous,all the attention, the lights and the music. All right,girls,that's enough for today. Thank you very much. There's enough pressure on young females without... making them prematurely sexualized. I'm sorry, but that is just narrow-minded prejudice. I was in pageants my entire childhood- I loved 'em. and...they sent me to college a full scholarship. Mommy,I'm finished. Hey,hon! Nice job! And good focus. Thanks Well,I hope you find the man responsible. Agent Booth? I've got about 20 minutes till my next class. Okay. Oh,you know,why don't,why don't you go mingle. What? Why me? Because you're a girl. What...? Listen,because it's illegal for me to question any of these kids without their parents,okay? Look,you're a civilian,right? So take your pick. Good point. Behold,the keepers of mystery: the Sphecius speciosus,and his trusty sidekick, the Tibicen lyricen. Ooh...Ah... What mystery? If Brianna Swanson was kidnapped,they didn't take her far. The presence of these two species together suggests that she died within a one-mile radius of the hotel where she disappeared. That whole area was thoroughly searched within hours of her disappearance. Yeah. I think her body was jammed into a storm culvert for over a month until those thunderstorms two weeks ago... Washed the remains down to the treatment plant. FBI forensics should check out the culverts and drains large enough for a nine-year-old girl around the hotel. I'll tell Booth. Hi. Don't come around again looking for a second chance. That was a one-time offer,baby. Really?Hm. No. What?No. N... No,no,not-not really. I mean,it never occurred to me that you-you would... Okay,now you talk. I accept going on a date with you.Soon. Tonight? Wow.That is soon. I don't want to give you time to change your mind. What do you want to do? You asked me. Figure it out. Thank you. I took this at the pageant about a half an hour before Brianna disappeared. Did you show it to the police? No. Why not? Because...he's not some murderous pedophile. He's the 17-year-old brother of one of the contestants. Then why'd you take his picture? Well,to show his parents how creepy he seems hanging around. He could be such a good-looking boy. What's his name? Jeremy Farrell. Look,I know he dresses in black and mopes around but he's totally harmless. I'm gonna need a copy of this picture. Certainly. Is that a real skeleton? Yes. Of a 12-year-old from the Bronze Age. These bones show she'd already had children. What killed her? Having the children. She should have waited to be married before she had sex. You said "sex. " Were you girls in the Junior Miss Patriot Pageant? I came in fourth. If Brianna was there,you'd have been fifth. Must have been hard to lose your friend like that. Brianna was kind of mean. She said Liza had cankles. What are cankles? Where your calves and ankles are the same thing. She took my birthday watch,too. She'd take anything she liked. So,you weren't friends? You had to be friends with her. Why? Because Brianna was the queen. So yours was a cultural structure predicated on the equation of beauty with power. You instinctively align yourselves with someone who holds the greatest potential for societal supremacy. It's...a Darwinian pressure you're too young to bear. Okay.Come on,Bon,up you go.There you go. You have huge muscles. Thanks.Learn anything? Yeah,I learned about cankles. How about you? I found a possible suspect. Cam and Zack said that Brianna was kicked with a steel-toed boot. Looks like my possible suspect just became our primary suspect. Of course,I'm at every pageant. Okay,you see what happens? I make him come. To carry Hailey's changes and the props for her talent competition. Well,you know,a lot of kids his age,they'd just refuse. Okay,so what,so then I'm a bad kid because I'm a good kid? What do you call this look? It's not a look. Emo. It's called emo. No,it's not. It's short for "overly emotive. " No,Mom,no,it's not. Okay?I like these clothes. I like this hair. It's not emo.It's not anything. Do you have a girlfriend? He does. She looks exactly like him. Are you guys,like,real boyfriend and girlfriend? What do you mean? I mean,what,do we have sex? I don't know,you tell me. Why,because if we don't, then I'm some pervert who's got a thing for little girls? The day that this picture was taken did you speak with Brianna Swanson? Yeah. Jeremy. She was picking on my little sister. Really. And,uh,did you argue? You don't argue with a nine year old. You call each other names. Are you wearing the same shoes that you wore that day? No. --Yes. He's worn the same thing every day for a year. Would you be willing to give us those shoes? No. --Yes. Mom! Just this once,Jeremy,do what I tell you,okay? I know you didn't do this,honey. I know who you are under all this. Give the FBI your shoes. Not the shoes. How do you know? First,the caps are plasticized chrome not stainless steel. And they're too broad and rounded to have caused the damage to Brianna Swanson's bones. Tell Cam and Booth. You do it. Why? Because I have a date. Here's the thing,Angela... I know you've been out with a lot of guys. Hey,you have a different girlfriend twice a month. Yeah,so imagine the pressure to come up with a date that neither one of us has ever been on before. So what's up? Are we here to walk a dog or something? I remember what you said about how you used to feel on a swing. Looks like colored dots,but it's so faded. Could this be a candy bar wrapper? I don't think Brianna was supposed to eat candy. There were a lot of things I wasn't supposed to do as a kid,I still did them. I haven't changed much. Bones,is anything on the emo shoes? Not a match. Sorry. What's with the Milk Blast bar wrapper? Milk Blast bar? Yeah. What's a Milk Blast bar? It's about the cheapest,worst ice cream bar you can get. Available only at Red Shed convenience stores. Red Shed,what you need now And how! I thought they stopped making them. I thought I just ate them all. Maybe we should determine how Brianna Swanson got ahold of one. Brianna Swanson? Hodgins found the wrapper with her remains. Yeah,it's Booth. Listen,I need a search for any Red Shed convenience store within a one mile radius of the Hyperion Hotel off 171. Thanks. Look,I wouldn't have laughed so hard if I knew it was Brianna Swanson. Oh,my God --Put your head back. Put your head back. --I'm gonna puke. Head back,head back. --I'm gonna puke,I'm gonna puke. --No,don't. You all right? --Yes. -- Yeah? --Not... don't do it again. --It's fun. I never thought I'd be doing this again. Really?--Really. You know,I had a little dream about it last night. Did you? --Yeah. It ended well,too. I'm sure it did. But you know what? You look much better here. Better than a dream,huh? You're shameless. All right,you better... get... You're going to kill yourself. I wouldn't do that. No? Not yet. What now? Well,they carry Milk Blast bars,that's a start. And these are good. You kidding me? These are God's food,right here. So the FBI forensic units are sweeping the culverts near the hotel. So I figured,you know,while we're waiting, we can just go have a look around. Right there.There it is. --It's well hidden. --Yeah. Big enough to stuff a child's body into. Look at that.What have we got there? It's a pageant medal. Looks like we got our crime scene. Crushing and scraping injuries to the scapula are congruent with Brianna Swanson being forced into a culvert this size in a prone position. The kicks to the back were the attacker's attempt to force the body farther into the culvert where it couldn't be seen. "Little Miss Raspberry Blossom,Culpepper,Virginia... " There were remnants of blood on the medal before I cleaned it. Waiting to see if it belongs to Brianna Swanson. It's dated 1976. I got something. Okay,I don't know if this helps you,but "Lisa Fisher,1976 Raspberry Queen, "Holly Walters,Raspberry Princess, Kristin Madigan,Little Miss Raspberry Blossom. " That face. Kristin Madigan. The mother that I spoke with at the dance school was named Kristin. Kristin Mitchell. Oh,my God. It's like that Texas cheerleading thing where the mother took out her daughter's main competitor. Yes my daughter did win the pageant after Brianna disappeared. It's not a secret. The winner,Ariel,went on to a national competition. And how did Ariel do in the nationals? Very well.Finished in the top ten. Top ten. Wow. That probably wouldn't have happened if Brianna Swanson hadn't gone missing,right? You don't know that. Nobody knows that. Where'd you get this? We found it. At Brianna Swanson's crime scene. Can you explain that? Brianna Swanson was a thief,Agent Booth. Ask anybody. She probably took it out of my bag. Did you report it missing? I'm not saying another word until I get a lawyer. One... two...three... four... And she was kicked twice in the same place here, twice as deep,so,five... six... There's an asymmetry both of force and distance to these kicks. The fracture pattern suggests a slight rotation to the blows. How slight? About 30 degrees. Left side only? Yes. --Hey,it's me.Are you with Kristin Mitchell? -- Yeah. We're just sitting here,you know,waiting for a lawyer. --Why? --Okay,I need to know if her hips are even. Is that slang or do you really mean even? Stand behind her,place your hands on her hips, then move your hands up to her rib cage, gauging if it's an equal distance on each side. That's so not going to happen. You're videotaping the interview,right? Of course. We have to. Okay,uh,then beam me some footage of her walking. Okay. Coming at you,Bones. What was that about? Yeah,do me a favor and beam those images of Ms. Mitchell pacing to the Jeffersonian. Thanks. What's going on here? Where's my attorney?! Okay,try and get a shot of her buttocks and freeze it. Okay. I'm applying a biometric graph. You might as well let her go,Booth. Why? She has very nice,symmetrical buttocks. Well,yeah,I know that,but,um... What's that got to do with anything? Brianna Swanson's attacker has a thoracolumbar curve. Scoliosis. Sure. Meaning what? Kristan Mitchell is definitely not the killer. Thanks. Ariel Mitchell says she showed Brianna her mom's medal the day of the pageant. Brianna- she must have stolen it,right? We're nowhere. Well,we might have found the murder weapon. The murder weapon,okay.Well,what is it? A forestop trammel. A what? Hello. It's from the parking lot at the Red Shed Convenience Store. The FBI forensic team found minute traces of blood on it. We brought it in here to compare the edging with the marks on the victim's chin. And we can see here... It's a match. The angle and force of the blow suggests Brianna fell forward,was unable to break her fall and caught her chin here. Broke her neck instantly. Want to hear about steel? In a minute.So,she was carried from the curb to the culvert? Dragged. Want to hear about the steel? How do you know she was dragged? Remember the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons I talked about? Absolutely not. Turns out that they weren't from roofing tar. They were from asphalt. So what you found in her jacket was from her being dragged? Exactly. Want to hear about the steel? It wasn't from work boots. It's the exact same steel used in tap shoes. It's from another contestant. okay,booth looking for a tap-dancing beauty queen with scoliosis. Great. Got ya. Wait,half of these kids have tap shoes. We just have to examine the symmetry of their hips. I'll go look at the shoes.You do your thing. Ahh!Can I help you? What are you doing there? Excuse me? It's okay. I'm a scientist. Molester! Molester! --What? --Bones. No... What are you doing? I'm not... I'm not a molester. I'm a forensic anthropologist. Okay,FBI business.Everybody just simmer down. She touched me on my rear. No. Back and rear have totally different connotations. Point of clarification.I touched her back. Look,scientist or not,FBI or not she can't just go around feeling little girls. I wasn't feeling like that! That makes me sound like a pervert. She was just touching. I was just... well,examining really. Examining,see?Okay,listen, bud,we're after a murderer here,okay? Dr. Brennan just got a little overly excited... How does feeling little girls solve a murder? One of them is the murderer. Okay,look,I know that's hard to believe. You know what,it's really not. So what do you need? I mean,aside from the touching? If I could just... watch them? Just watch. That was good.That was good. That's her. Oh,dude,not again. I thought you said Jeremy was cleared. We know it's not Jeremy. We'd like to talk to Hailey for a moment. No,I don't want to. This is a special day,Agent Booth. You're upsetting her. Don't be afraid. No,you know,she should be afraid. I didn't do anything. I promise. We know you didn't mean to,Hailey. Honey,what did you do? Yeah,what did you do? Brianna said she was going to buy me an ice cream. But she just made fun of me. She said I was ugly. She said I'd never win anything. That must have hurt your feelings. I didn't mean to push her so hard,honest. Oh,God. Why didn't you tell me? The pageant was starting... I wanted to win... Hi. Hi. We really didn't get a chance to talk today. Yeah. I was avoiding you. That whole swing thing wasn't good enough,right? 'Cause I can do better. It was perfect. It was? Maybe the best date I've ever had. Really? Great. That's great.Thanks. Yeah. That's not great. How can a great date be not great? Because it was supposed to fall flat. That way we'd both know that this wasn't meant to be. And we'd go back to the way we were before. I don't like the way it was before. Look,Brennan is my best friend, and... Zack is whatever the hell he is and when this goes wrong,it... it pulls everybody else into it. And what the great date tells us is that when it goes wrong... It'll go really,really wrong. Yeah. So... we go back,right? Friends. Sure. Friends. Just one question. What if it doesn't end that way? What if it doesn't go wrong? Friends. This is what happened when Rome fell. What,people ate stale donuts? Objectification of women beauty as self-esteem. Well,I think,um you know,some of those kids actually had a good time. The girl in the pink could really dance. But then again,Nero could really play the fiddle. You know,Bones,I like to think that someplace deep inside, people really know what's important. It's hard to believe when you see women trying to disguise or change themselves. I never understood that. Well,no,of course you wouldn't. Why? It's just,you know,someone who looks like... you... wouldn't. Just because of the way you look. I don't understand.What... way do I look? Well,you know,you... you're structured... very well. As are you. You okay? Yeah. It just... I just... I remembered that I had an appointment. Oh,so,uh... I'll see you tomorrow? No. You know,you have all the paperwork from the case,right? No,I was going to stay and do it anyway. So... No,I would... It's our case- I want to help. You don't have to,Booth. Bones,just drop it,okay? I'm here to help. Well,what about your appointment? It's,you know,it's no big deal. I'll tell you what,how about I order some take-out and I ditch these donuts. Sure. --Thai food. --Thai food. Only,this time,I'm ordering extra mee krob because you ate it last time. What?! I thought you were done. Oh,right,I was done.