Give me all of your money. Now. The other ones, too. Hurry up. Something's going on over there. Security! I have a bomb! Everyone get down! Put the money in the bag. Quick. It's a beauty, isn't it? I got the... I got the employee's discount; good tips, too. Shall I get some tinsel? You can do whatever you want, it's your Christmas tree. It's ours, honey, as in you and me. Dad, I'm going to do volunteer work in El Salvador. Well, that means I'm gonna be alone for Christmas. Well, what about Russ and the girls? Your brother is going to Orlando to spend the holidays with his in-laws, and I will be alone, and it'll be pitiful. If I stay, then there'll be two of us alone, which is twice as pitiful. That's interesting math. What if I can get someone else to share Christmas with us? That would make it a real Christmas? Dad, some reformed criminal pal of yours won't make a real Christmas. I'm talking family, a blood relative... an aunt or one of your cousins from Minnesota. - You have contact with these people? - We're MySpace buddies. Come on, honey, please? Well, why do people hate to spend Christmas alone? 'Cause it means nobody loves them. Code 39, code 39, bank robbery in progress.</i> Capital Mutual Bank, corner of 12th and U Street.</i> Suspect dressed as Santa. Urgent help needed.</i> Yes, Agent Booth, 22705. I'm two blocks from the Bank. ETA within a minute</i> All of you... stay down, you hear me? Stay down... and everybody goes home for Christmas. Everybody back. You! Santa! Move into the road. Now! Don't do this. Just walk away. On your knees. On your knees! FBI, man. Do it now! I just answered the call. Burn! Cabdriver is stabilized. Can we hurry this up? 'Cause I have a witness over there. - You didn't throw out your back? - No, I didn't; I'm fine. Do you have a medical degree? I don't think so. - Your pupillary response is fine. - Okay, well, there you go. I'm gonna go talk to my witness now. Thank you. Got him. Hi. I'm, Special Agent Seeley Booth. - Are you okay, Miss...? - Hartmeyer. Georgia Hartmeyer, and no, I'm not okay. I'm covered in... Human remains. - The bomber's bones became shrapnel. - Oh, my God, I got to get out of here. We want to ask you a couple questions. We've to bag her and take her to the lab. Right now? I know this is really hard and you're freaked out, but what you have on there is evidence. It's no big deal. I'm just gonna put this cap over your hair and bag your hands. And I'm gonna meet you back at the lab, I'm gonna ask you a couple questions, and then I'm gonna take you home. All right, I guess, if I have to. What do you got? Recovering bomb fragments... Check this out. Explosives unit guys loaned me these magnetized gloves. These are so going on my Christmas list. That stuff there, is that from the bomb, or is that from Santa? Bomb. Oily pudding residue indicates a homemade emulsion bomb. - Man, you sure you're OK? - Fine. He says he's fine, but that may just be a function of shock. I'm fine. I'm gonna go home, grab a shower and get cleaned up. I'm fine, will you stop worrying about me? - Spinous process. - What? Where? Yes, indeed, that is a definite chunk of Santa. We're gonna need some bags, Cam. I'm sorry, Booth, but you're evidence now. Bones - Season 5 Episode 10 "The Goop on the Girl" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Did you hear anything back on that cabdriver? No, but Cam is in touch with the hospital. I have to remove your clothing now. Why? - Well, there may be particulates. - Particulates. Evidence for Hodgins, and flesh for Cam. You know, the bomber said something about answering "the call." What do you think that means? Many terrorists feel they're acting upon divine instruction. I don't think he was a terrorist; just a bank robber. There's spatter on the back of your collar. Spatter? - I can take my own... - No, don't. - You'll compromise the evidence. - Right. I'm... having Christmas dinner at my place this year with my dad. Considering you've been shunted aside by your own family, I'd... like to invite you. That's a sweet invitation. So, will you come? I don't know. I was thinking about going up to Quebec to see Parker. I really don't care what Rebecca thinks. Well, if you do that, won't she retaliate by insisting upon coming to all your special times with Parker? You have a perfect acromion. Stand up. Off the table. What, is there stuff on my pants? Vascular tissue on your Cocky belt buckle. Right. Slides right off, and we're done. I have to remove your pants. You know, I'm just gonna start reciting some saints, you know. St. Joseph, St. Peter, St. Paul, St. John... Anyone for mistletoe? I'm recovering evidence. - Just evidence, that's all. - Interesting. Bones, I really got to go question the other eyewitness, are we done here? No, you can sit. - There's something in your hair. - Where? - Don't touch. - What? Organic residue... I'll cut it out. What do you mean, cut it out? No. No scissors. Not the hair. Tox results show that our bomber had propranolol in his bloodstream. It's a beta-blocker popular with performers, soldiers and suicide bombers. Snipers use that to calm their nerves. Also, Hodgins swabbed this. Found high concentrations of limonene. It's a citrus fruit derivative. What is that, a nostril? And I have no idea how the limonene got there, unless the guy was snorting orange Kool-Aid. Right. Listen, Bones, I really got to get going to question this other eyewitness. Will you just... Are we doing experiments on Booth? Because if so, I'd like to help. Make fun of the naked guy... knock yourself out. I think we got everything. No. Mandible fragment. Just get it all out. - Okay, there you go... - Agent Booth, you look... How are you? Finished with the hair; moving on to the hands. And thank you for asking, especially given the difficult morning you've had. He was speaking to Ms. Hartmeyer. I'm not used to having evidence that talks, it's a little disconcerting. I'll just get back to work. - How much longer do I've to stay here? - Just a couple more questions. Do you remember how long you were standing outside the bank? I'm not sure... I was waiting for the bus. Do you remember seeing Santa go into the bank? - Sorry. It's being stubborn. - All I know is, I was minding my own business, and this guy just blew up in front of me. Dr. Brennan, look at these white fragments in the nail bed. Most likely dental pulp. - Santa teeth! - Geez. Harvest the nail. Just a quick clip. - I got something here. - Great, join the party. - Where's your chest hair? - I'm highly evolved. His pubic extension is entirely within normal... Enough. What do you got? I'm cataloguing bomb components so we can run it through EXIS, the Explosive Incidents System. Bomb makers signatures are as unique as handwriting. We found this computer chip that sets frequency on a two-way radio, which means this bomb was command-initiated, triggered via an electronic signal from the two-way. That would explain the crackle I heard before bomb went off, and this voice. You know, if Santa had a partner, he was probably monitoring that frequency. He hears me say "FBI," he panics, and he blows up good old St. Nick, but there's no way to trace it back to him. Except for that computer chip. The radio was set to 27.4 megahertz. You guys have a scanner? So, this is the first time I have ever borrowed anything from the Eisenhower Collection. I'm just gonna tune in here to 27.4. ... their pockets. No more! Bring down the tools of capitalist greed.</i> Burn them, like they burned us... "Burn." That's him. I heard him say that. - We expedited tissue removal. - Great, thanks. This is Booth. I need an FCC mobile scanner unit now. Great. Thanks. You want to search for the source of this transmission? It could be the guy who set off the bomb. OK, pants, I need pants... where are my pants? We're not one voice, we're thousands of voices.</i> Democracy has been corrupted by the greed of big business.</i> - <i>Burn it to the ground...</i> - If he's referring to lobbyists, then he's correct. You agree with this clown? And what about blowing up your partner? Because it sounds like this creep was planning on detonating Santa right from the start. That would explain the propranolol. Who blows up Christmas? Who does that? Hear my call. Get off your ass and do something. Get up off your...</i> That's what the victim meant about answering "the call"? Sure as hell sounds like that. Take the next right, will you? Lancelot. Does it look like the frontal near the sinus to you? I have no idea. Seems appropriately spongy. Look, I know you're busy, but I'm in a pickle, Daisy. This is our first Christmas together. And, though I've avoided the holidays ever since my parents have been gone, I feel like I shouldn't put a damper on your holiday zest. - I'm zestless. - You are? I see no point in celebrating Jesus' birth in December when he was born in March. - No kidding. - It'd be like celebrating the Fourth of July in April. Ridiculous. So, what do we do December 25? Would it be wrong to stay in bed all day and have sex? Yes, it would. And what is with everybody today? We were discussing holiday plans. Did Dr. Brennan ask you about Christmas dinner? She did. I said it wouldn't be a Christmas dinner unless it occurred in March. Interesting. Clear off, Sweets. We have to ID our Christmas-in-December bomber. Bye, Lancelot. Colon, end bracket, colon, capital D! Semicolon, end parentheses, "less than" sign, numeral three. - Colon, capital "P." - Dear God. I'm going to yak. This isn't skull. It's minubrium. Seems to be some kind of burn on the interior surface. Get that to Hodgins. Just up ahead. That's it. Right there. Pull over. Santa's cohort is inside that house. These men use explosives. They want to destroy the federal government. Shouldn't we call in backup? 60 seconds of rant, people. Bring it on, bring it down.</i> We don't have any time. Do you hear him? 60 seconds or he's going to sign off. I got to keep him distracted. All right. You're going to pull down the antenna? That's illegal. Well, not when I got him for a Title 97, malicious interference and unlicensed operation. Phone in our location, okay? Check. Here. Cover me. The banks take our money to line their pockets.</i> - What? - Come on now. That's it. You have the right to remain silent. You're a flunky of a corrupt regime. It is my duty to resist you. I should warn you, he's very hard to resist. - Thanks, Bones. - Sure. Easy! - What's this? - Says you waive your right to a lawyer. I know my rights better than any lawyer whose a pawn in the system. Fully aware that's there's nothing illegal about my broadcasts. - Freedom of speech. - You were in the military? - You're trained in explosives. - So what? Explosives and ordnances are part of Basic Training. I don't think that they meant for you to use your Basic Training experience to Rob Banks. You know what? You got the wrong guy. All I do is broadcast my show, go to meetings, hand out pamphlets. Just before he blew up, the robber said that, uh, he answered "the call." My call? From the radio? Some nut listens to me, goes crazy, I'm not responsible. - I never told anybody to break the law. - Right. You know what? Your little pirate radio frequency set off the bomb right before the robber was about to get arrested. - Must have been a coincidence. - Just a coincidence? You should just keep saying that to yourself over and over again, so you can believe it. This is fun. Isn't it fun to meet a new relative, girls? So, you're my cousin, Margaret? My mother was your mother's cousin, according to Uncle Max. It's an uncanny resemblance. You're practically sisters. Why aren't you home for Christmas? This time of year, I prefer to be in Philadelphia, away from my family and all those kids. You don't have children? "Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half-shut afterward." I never got to the half-shut part. What's your excuse? For not being married? I don't have an excuse. - I just have very good reasons. - Like what? I think that marriage is something you need to have a reason to enter into. I never found that reason. I totally agree. "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools learn in no other." You see, Margaret is a big fan of Benjamin Franklin. Yes. He was the smartest man who ever lived. His advice has... never failed me. Actually, the person with the highest recorded IQ is Marilyn von Savant. "Tim was so learned "that he could name a horse in nine languages. So ignorant that he bought a cow to ride on." This isn't gonna work. Listen, family reunions are always awkward. Do you think this is going well? Not really. You seem like a bit of a know-it-all. Nice to meet you. I'm going to El Salvador for Christmas. You both are welcome to use my place over the holidays. "He that won't be counseled can't be helped." I told you to keep to Ben's scientific stuff. All righty. Here's your head. Dr. Brennan and Agent Booth are kind of in a hurry to ID him. No problem, Daisy. I have no intention of letting Santa ruin Christmas. Were you aware of the fact that Jesus was really born in March? I don't care. That Rudolph would have to be a girl, because male reindeer drop their antlers in winter. Okay. I'll be right back. Okay, here he is. The guy who bombed Christmas. Can you hand me my sketch pad, so I can get him to the media? I was just thinking of you. Oh, my God, what did you buy? Gingerbread house, talking reindeer, peppermint bark... I went a little crazy. I know your dad loved Christmas. - You didn't get my present, did you? - Still working on that. Good. I know what I want... Hawaii. The Big Island. - That would be hard to wrap. - No. I want to go there for Christmas. Please don't say no, Cam. Please. That sounds fantastic, but I only have a couple days off. Not with you. With Paris's family. Her mom and dad invited me. They did? I know it's totally last minute, but I found a cheap flight, and the hotel is covered, and all I have to do is pack shorts and bathing suits. You... really thought this through. If I stay, it's just the two of us, and that's depressing. You want to go? It's important? It's important to me. And this way you can do what you usually do at Christmas - instead of worrying about me. - You're not a worry. If that's what you want, then you can go. Thank you. - Mind if I steal her away? - She's all yours. We ran the explosive residue. It's predominantly ammonium nitrate. Also fuel oil, naptha, detergent and antimony sulfide. Any of that unique enough to pinpoint our bomb maker? Not even close. Sweets says the pirate radio guy doesn't fit the profile. He's an extrovert, and we're looking for a lock-yourself-in-the-basement type of fellow. All we know so far is that the detonation pressure was about half a million pounds per square inch. Which is consistent with the damage. You can see blow out to the back, as well as curvature and divoting... all going in one direction, to the rear. So the explosive was confined to the front of the vest. Until we find the rest of the manubrium, it's gonna be pretty tough to figure out specifics. The manubrium doesn't juste get up and walk away. Unless... the bomber's own bones became shrapnel. We checked the scene of the explosion, but not the cab driver, who took the biggest hit. I'll call the hospital. So, I've decided to take you up on your offer. What offer? You inviting me to your house for Christmas dinner? - You forgot you invited me... - No, it's just... No! My dad brought by my second cousin and... - I really didn't like her. - That makes sense. - Why? - Because she's family. I mean, 90% of the time, family just gets under your skin. That's the difference between family and friends. She's unapologetically dogmatic. She lives her entire life based on the quotations of Benjamin Franklin. Maybe she feels the same way about your mania for logic. - Mania? - Okay, enthusiasm. Look, if you ditch this opportunity because a family member annoys you... it just goes with the family territory. That's true. You and Jared can barely be in the same room together. He's a whole other kettle of fish. I'll tell you that. He's just annoying. Somebody saw Angela's sketch on the TV. Says it looks like her son. Name of Holden Chevaleer. Great. Thanks. Get this. Our bomber was an exterminator. That makes sense. Exterminators use orange oil. Hodgins said the bomb contained naptha. Exterminators use it to kill bed bugs. That picture on the news. - It's my son, isn't it? - Yes, ma'am. They didn't say why they were showing it, just that they wanted information. Why? Well, we believe that your son was involved in a robbery at, Capital Mutual Bank. Your son, did he ever use explosives, Mrs. Chevaleer? No, of course not. Holden wouldn't hurt a fly. Well, he's an exterminator. By definition, he hurts flies. That's not what she meant, Bones. Holden is a good boy. We have dinner together almost every night. There's just the two of us, you understand. Any friends? He's very shy. He's much happier working on his projects in the garage. - What kind of projects? - I don't really know. - I like to give him his privacy. - He have any financial troubles? Everybody does. He tried to get a loan, but the bank wouldn't give him one. That must have made him very angry. Well, he isn't perfect. But I know my son. And if there has been any kind of trouble, it is not his fault. Just let me talk to him. He'll tell you, I know he will. I'm afraid that's not gonna be possible. Please. You just tell me what's happened to my son. These just came through from the hospital.</i> Pre-op photos of the cab driver and his X rays.</i> Severe trauma primarily to the proximal phalanges and metacarpals. Pitting and multiple fractures to the palmar side. He was trying to shield his face from the explosion. We think the fragment in his zygomatic arch - may be the missing manubrium fragment. - There. Did the hospital deliver the bone shrapnel fragments? Ms. Wick's works on it. We're hoping they'll give us a better sense. We need Angela to recreate the explosion. As soon as Hodgins figures out the bomb.</i> It's very difficult to work when someone is looking over your shoulder. It's even more difficult to work when you have nothing to work on. Snap it up. This is it. The missing manubrium. Three parallel burns about two millimeters apart. I think we got our initiator. The bomb maker used the base of a small light bulb. Battery on one end, explosives on the other. I'm going to run this through the EXIS database. One more thing. I found this in Santa's 12th rib. - I'm never going to make my flight. - I recommend celebrating in March. Thank you, Ebenezer. You're not going to El Salvador for Christmas? You don't strike me as someone who's flexible about their schedule. I took advice from someone who knows more about families than I do. "He that raises a large family "does stand a broader mark "for sorrow, but then "stands a broader mark for pleasure as well." Well, that's sort of what he said, but without the pleasure part. So an explosives unit checked out Holden's garage, there was nothing. His name doesn't pop up in the system. That's very interesting, but I... Which just confirms that we have to find his accomplice. Nice tree. - Who is this, your sister? - No... - my second cousin. - I'm Margaret. - There's no resemblance. - What do you mean? You're both very beautiful. "Beauty and folly are old companions." - Told you... Benjamin Franklin. - Right, right. Good old Ben, he invented electricity and the hundred dollar bill. Neither one of those things is true. You're right, there's no resemblance whatsoever. Nice meeting you. - Bye, Booth. - See ya. That's my partner. He's FBI. His eyes are too small to be really handsome. I have to admit, I... find him pleasing to look at. I'm busy. What you were saying about my broadcast blowing that guy up... - Can I contact his mother? - Stay away from her. It was a coincidence. No way I could have known in a million years... If you don't feel responsible, why do you want to talk to his mother? I was Army, man. Just like you. I served my country. You don't remember what this country stands for. Maybe it's you who forgot. Freedom of speech. - I have the right to be heard. - Legally. Maybe you should say something worth hearing. Look, it wasn't my fault. You spew the poison out in the airwaves, this happened, you know it. Agent, show him out. Let's go. We ran the details of the bomb against the EXIS database.</i> It's an identical match for a number of devices</i> - all built by the same man. - A guy named Malaki Wallace.</i> He got busted in the '90s for robbing a Western Union office.</i> And using an emulsion bomb with a light bulb initiator. Anything current? No. He's been dormant since he got out of prison. - Prison? - Yeah. It looks like he came back with a bang. You're not listening. I been out of the bombing game for years. - Really? - Really. Yeah, so how do you explain this? Well, I'm always happy to consult. That is a simple incendiary device. Very rudimentary. Right. Was that strictly necessary? See, explosives unit, they found that</i> in your apartment there, Malaki. So, I'm a fidgeter. Bomb making is a compulsive activity, much like arson. The problem is about anything will fidget itself into a bomb given half a chance and readily available household products. Something like this? What is that? - What do you want? - Where've you been for the past 48hr? - Pushing plungers. - Demolition? I'm an apartment super. Sewer line backed up and I spent Monday and Tuesday unclogging the toilets. I got 35 witnesses. The tenants all had to share one Porta Potti. It's not that easy, pal. We have a device with your name written all over it. Naptha, limonene, light bulbs, Whole deal. These guys consider themselves artists, Booth. Teachers. Maybe you have a protege. Someone you passed the torch to? If someone built one of my devices, they probably just got the recipe off my Web site. You have a mad bomber Web site? What can I say? I got fans. And these fans... they subscribe? E-mails and passwords and correspondence, you name it. Right. I found this in the area of the right articular capsule. It's a puncture mark, like you would get from a deep needle jab. Perhaps it's where the bomber injected himself with propranolol. It's unlikely someone would inject themselves deep enough to strike bone. Exactly. I reviewed the X rays of the right scapula and hand. Look at the extensor facet of the glenoid cavity, and the bilateral asymmetry of the second metacarpal. Indicative of pronounced right-handedness. He couldn't have injected himself in the right arm. I ID'd the fragment of wire we got out of his rib. Booth's gonna want to hear this. So someone else injected Santa with the propranolol. Evidently. And the wire in his rib was triple heat treated boron manganese steel. Is that what they used to wire the tubes of the explosives together? No, it's a patented form of steel used exclusively in high-end bike locks. It wasn't part of the bomb. It was what locked Holden Chevaleer into the bomb. Someone locked him into the vest, dressed him like Santa and then forced him to rob the bank. Wait a sec. Patsy. That's why he said what he said. "I just answered the call." The guy's an exterminator, Bones. He meant "the call" literally. He answered a service call. Only his customer locked him into a bomb and made him rob a bank. - This is not good. - Why? Because whoever strapped Holden into the bomb didn't get what they wanted. What if they try again? You looked peeved. I went to wash my hands just now, but there was no soap in the dispenser. It had to be... You look irked. She's mad about the soap. Your analysis of the emulsion bomb included detergent. You didn't actually get permission to recreate the bomb, did you? My God! I needed this so that Angela could recreate the explosion. - You told him that? - Don't let him turn this around on me. I do not want an explosive device in my lab. Relax, I did not connect the initiator... It is perfectly safe. What's that? It's antimony sulfide. It's fine on its own. It's perfectly harmless. He used it in the detonating charge. Hodgins is very authentic when it comes to his reconstructions. We have to pull the evidence trays. Give me a clue here, guys. What are we looking for? It's H11209, biological evidence from witness Georgia Hartmeyer. Got it. It's her fingernail. I thought it was just blast residue, but that stain's definitely on the inside. - Did you have to do that? - It's metallic and sweet. That is definitely antimony sulfide. And it couldn't have gotten there unless she helped assemble the bomb. We just have a couple follow-up questions, that's all. Like what were you doing outside the bank... for instance? I told you, waiting for the bus. I checked. You live on the other side of town. I take the bus to work. You were fired three months ago. I like to shop in that area, okay? That is very interesting, because we checked your credit cards and you've never made a purchase anywhere near Capital Mutual Bank. Gotcha. You got nothing. I didn't blow him up. I swear I didn't blow him up. So, I recreated the scene outside the bank. That's Booth... with the Cocky belt. And this is the cab driver and Georgia Hartmeyer. Now, I factored in everything we know about the bomb's velocity and direction... Including the positions of Booth, Georgia and the cab driver prior to the blast. Okay, here we go. You see the problem? The cab driver covered his face with his hands. We know that from his injuries. But given his proximity, he wouldn't have had the time. Now, I can adjust his reaction times, but even when I go superhuman... and I'm talking, like, Maverick and Iceman reaction times... look at where the bone shrapnel lands. The only explanation is that he was reacting not to the explosion but to the sound of the radio. Now check out the FCC's frequency allocation chart. Now, Owen Thiel broadcast his pirate radio signal - at 27.4 megahertz. - Which is right next to 27.41 megahertz, which is the land/mobile frequency this cab driver used. So Georgia and the cab driver must have locked Holden into the bomb vest. They waited outside of the bank. If Holden didn't do what they asked, the cab driver could detonate him with the cab radio. Only Owen Thiel beat him to it. I'll have Booth look for the cab driver's name on Malaki's Web site subscriber list. All those jokes that I made about Santa ruining Christmas, I suck. At the time you made those jokes, you weren't aware that Holden was a patsy. You don't think that sometimes we forget those bones out there are people? Georgia and the cab driver, flipped on each other the second I got them into interrogation. Apparently they found each other at a debt counseling seminar, of all things. - How did they pick Holden? - The phone book. They called, and as soon as he showed up, they jumped him. Told him if he did what they wanted, they would set him free. Sometimes people are terrible. I know. Cam says that the victim's mother is burying him on Christmas morning. - I heard that. - It was just him and his mom, right? Yeah, guy worked alone. He never had time for any friends. What's wrong? Max told me that being alone at Christmas means that nobody loves you. She's burying her son. Alone. On Christmas. That's heartbreaking. You know, when I say "heartbreaking," you say that the heart is a muscle so it... It can't break, it can only get crushed. Isn't it heart-crushing? - You want to go to his funeral? - Yes. I would. Then... she won't be alone. You know what? Sometimes I think your heart muscle is bigger than people give you credit for. You're being quiet. I promise to text 85 times a day. Why are you stopping? - I don't want you to go to Hawaii. - You're changing your mind? You and me... - we're the closest thing we have. - You can't just change your mind. And family spends Christmas together. - We're spending Christmas together. - You're serious?! - You're gonna have a good time... - What's wrong with that?! Everything. Because that's what we'll be to each other, just two people who don't spend Christmas together. So you want to be two people who spend Christmas together - but one of them is really mad? - I know deep down you care. I just hope not too deep down. - Can we at least talk about this? - No. It's my job to prove to you every day that you are loved in this world. And if doing that makes you angry... - It makes me furious. - Then that's the price I pay. But you will know beyond a doubt that I can't just let you go flying off and not have it absolutely ruin my Christmas. Because right now, the way things are, there's... no Christmas without you. I love you, too. A man died this week. By all accounts, he was a good man. Loved his mother, worked hard, shouldered his responsibilities. He was a man that any one of us would be proud to call "friend". I killed him with this microphone. I killed him by going on these airwaves</i> and sharing my rage with you. Spreading my rage. You can say that it wasn't my fault, that it was a coincidence. I thought about that. Thought about it a lot. But the fact is...</i> the fact is, if it weren't for me, he might still be alive. I'm so sorry for that. And I remembered something that I forgot</i> over the last few years, that God is not only a god of anger and vengeance. Now, my religious beliefs tell me that Christ did not die in vain.</i> That He died to redeem us all. And I intend to show that this good, simple man also did not die in vain. That he redeemed one angry, shouting man. So these are the last words I will ever broadcast. And I hope they're the words you remember best. Peace on Earth. What happened to the "down with Christmas, let's hump like bunnies"? I'm not here for baby Jesus, I'm here for Agent Booth. That explains the antlers. - It was a moment of whimsy. - They look good on you. Thank you. Thanks. So you think that we should feel like big, giant losers not spending Christmas with family? There's more than one kind of family. - Merry Christmas, Hodgins. - Merry Christmas, Angela. That's too much salt there, that's too much salt. "He that would fish must venture his bait." - When are we gonna eat? I'm starving. - Right now. If Booth wants to fish, he'll. What are you trying to say? Honey, families always give unwanted advice. Unwanted advice? You have to stop quoting Benjamin Franklin at me. Why? I have no evidence of this, but I feel that every time you do that, it's not actually communication. I feel the same way when people tell jokes. I never thought of it that way. I'd rather hear what you have to say than Benjamin Franklin. That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me. This is your gathering. Wouldn't you like to say something? Thank you, everyone, for coming. Let's eat. I mean, would you like to say something about Christmas? Christmas has its roots in the pagan festival of Saturnalia, which is traditionally celebrated by intoxication, naked singing and the consumption of human-shaped biscuits. I think what Bones is trying to say here is that we're all just happy that we are all together. - We're all together every day. - Not me. I'm not here every day. It's a different kind of together. To family... friends... lovers... family... and food. You said "family" twice. It's repetitious. It's a good toast. Cheers. Cheers. - What do we do now? - Let's say a prayer. No prayer, not in my place. I always pray. - Just a moment of silence. - Hold hands.