to convince combatants it's an honour to die. For these servicemen, it was. And for somebody to use this place to protest the warjust pisses me off. These lives gave them that right. They should be respected. If they were respected, fewer'd be buried here. - We gonna get into something? - I don't see why. We both wish this place were a lot smaller. Agent Booth, Dr Brennan, right this way. Must've happened in the middle of the night. The place is so big no one saw the fire. - The accelerant was charcoal starter. - We didn't find a suicide note. - A protester would leave a note. - Didrt need to. It's on Charlie Kent's grave. Press was coming today to do a tribute to him. One-year anniversary of his death. - Charlie Kent? - In the National Guard. About to be drafted by the NBA when he got shipped out to Iraq. He gave his life killing a group of insurgents to save his unit. Won the Silver Star. It's male, African descent, approximately 20 to 29 years old. Too early to determine cause of death. - I'm not a pro, but I'm guessing fire. - The White House and DOD want an ID ASAP. - So they can brand him a traitor. - Why so cynical? I'm not. It's a necessary part of the psychology of warfare. Heroes and villains. Without clear distinctions, we'd never be able to fight. Well, I always found being shot at is a motivating factor. Bag these fragments of his clothing. I also want any singed plant life or debris you find. (Zack) I'm on it. What? It's Jamie Richards. We were in the Rangers together. He was hit by a roadside bomb just... outside the green zone. He left a... wife and two kids. - The fact that he was near this... - You believe somehow he's here watching? Yeah. You don't. I get that. I know you think he's a good man. That's... That's enough for me. Zack, I want pictures of all remaining tissue before he's moved. (reporter) The unidentified suicide victim was found at Private Kent's grave today. Services had been planned to honour Kent on the one-year anniversary of his death in Iraq. Ah, I used to love watching Kent play. He could fly. He made 46.4% of his three-point attempts in his last season. - A basketball fan? I'm surprised. - Zack, I'd like you to keep cleaning the bones. Did you see the game against North Carolina? 53 points <i>and</i> 18 rebounds. Zack! - Sorry. Cleaning. - It's difficult knowing he'll never play again. - It makes the war so real. - Which is odd, since fiction got us there. - Shouldrt we stand up to tyrants? - I've waited for the press to do it for 3 years. - I can't believe you took the bait. - Yeah. Me neither. (ringing) Oh! Press Office of Defence. Please ID him. This is the third call in an hour. Hello? Yes. It's a pleasure to hear from you again, sir. Yes. We're very close. I fed his dentals, approximate age, height and sketch I made from the tissue markers into the DOD database. The victim had lamb about an hour before his death. Of course it's overcooked now. - Toasted himself. Who cares what he ate? - Just doing ourjobs, Booth. - Been told to sweep this under the rug? - Can the left-wing conspiracy. - Probably one of your nut-ball friends. - Don't think so. Fabric at the scene was cotton with synthetic polymers - dye, olive green. This dude was wearing a military uniform. He's one of yours, not mine. (Angela) OK. His name is Devon Marshall. - He served in the Guard with Kent. - What? He was there in Mosul, the night Kent was killed. - He was protesting? - Marshall could've had a change of heart. Or it was survivor guilt. The guy who saved his life didn't make it. You can't imagine what that's like. I don't think so. There's evidence of damage on the auditory meatus. Here and here. I'm sorry, but I left my phrase book at home. The opening where the auditory nerves feed into the brain. - So we're talking ear hole? - Yes! - They simplify these words for a reason. - Something was jabbed into his ear. OK, that's clear. But why? There's scrapings in the cranium, and marks on the inside of the parietal and occipital. Whatever was used was pushed completely through his skull. They then set the fire so there'd be no tissue to see what had been done. Exactly. Devon Marshall didn't die in the fire. He was murdered first. Marshall was against the war. He'd look like a protester so no one would expect murder. As far as anyone knows, this is still a suicide. I want the killer to think he got away with it. He's smart. I want the edge. OK, Zack, magnify the marks on the cranium. Call if you match them to any kind of weapon. I'm just asking his mother questions. You could've stayed back, played with your bones. - I know. Just wanted to keep you company. - Company? - Yeah. I'm trying to be more sociable. - Lousy liar. I just think inside you're still military, Booth. You might be too close to this one. - I just want to make sure you stay objective. - I know how to do my job. - I was doing itjust fine long before I met you. - You're angry. Because I have people with opinions on war who don't know what they're talking about! I've been in Sudan, Rwanda. For two months, I sifted through the wreckage of 9/11 helping the families of the victims. All I'm saying is that this is just another case. That's all. It's just another case. - You're not such a great liar yourself. - (sighs) I'm your partner. Let me be your partner. Did he have any troubles since he came back? Any personal problems? Some days... I didn't know him. He used to be very outgoing, happy. But since he came back, all he did was spend time with his little sister - take her to school, help with her homework. He said his job now was keeping me safe, but most of the time I was taking care of him. It was like he was scared all the time. Did he, uh... did he talk, you know, to anyone else that he served with? Just Jimmy. He talked to him when Jimmy wasrt in the hospital. The VA. When he was over there he really believed in what he was doing. He wrote us all the time saying how good he felt seeing the people free. Voting. Because he remembered when his grandpa was a young man... he didn't have the right to vote. When can I have my son back? When can I lay him to rest? Soon, Mrs Marshall. We just want to make sure we have all the facts. I know it's his sister, but it's odd for a man to spend so much time with a 13-year-old. It's still all over you. You want to be around something pure, innocent. Adults want you to relive it. They want war stories like they're entertainment. If they hear you survived, then maybe war isn't so bad - John Wayne syndrome. - You gonna trash the Duke? - You kidding? I love the Duke. - I wouldn't have guessed, "little lady". - Remember <i>Stagecoach?</i> "Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway." - Was that the Duke? It was like Jerry Lewis. - Was not. Just a couple of quick questions, Jimmy. (stammering) I... I... I can't... I can't talk about Devon now, man. - Leave him alone. He's got enough troubles. - I understand. OK? It's... Readjusting takes time. It's different for every one of us. It sure as hell was different for Devon. He's gone, man. Son of a bitch should've never checked out on me like that. That's when Jimmy came back in here - when he heard about Devon. - He was doing pretty good before that. - I can't hold ajob or provide for my family. - Did you and Devon ever argue? - We stuck together. It's what it was all about. Devon would call and Jimmy would go meet him. Middle of dinner, playing with Sarah, it didn't matter. He needed me, Karen. Man, you know what it's like when you return. You got no one but the guys you served with. You and Devon would visit Corporal Kent's grave site? It never should've happened like that. Not to Kent. We would go and tell him that we were sorry. - We needed him to know. - I understand. I don't. How did it happen, Jimmy? It doesn't matter, Bones. - But, Booth... - We'll see you later, OK? At home. He'll be at home next time with me and the kids. - Right, Jimmy? - <i>(whispers)</i> Yeah. - Jimmy didn't kill him. - Now you're a mind reader. - Maybe. Want me to guess your weight? - You do and you could lose a tooth. Stay objective. Jimmy was one of the last people to see Devon alive. Jimmy could've killed him. - I thought you didn't like speculation. - I don't. That's why I took this. Cigarette butt. See if we can pull any DNA from it, match it to anything he left on Devon. - You got what you need. Why give me grief? - Because you could've been tougher in there. - I'm tough. - Most of the time. - Do you always have to get the last word in? - I like to. Yeah. Booth! Son of a bitch. - Hank, hey! How the hell are you, man? - Great. I just got some new wheels. Sweet ride. Hank Latrell, Dr Temperance Brennan. - Oh, the bone lady. - That's me. Booth and I were in the same unit in Kosovo. You gotta come over for dinner. The kids keep asking about you. - I'd love to. I'll call. We'll make it a date. - Great. I gotta roll. I gotta be in court at three. - They can't start without the judge. - I'll call. Hey, call me or I'm gonna kick your ass. (sighs) - What happened to him? - He got hurt. There are signs of additional damage on C1 at the base of the skull. This couldn't have come from the assault in the cranium. - Booth went through something over there. - So I'm not supposed to tell the truth? Truth? It's opinion, Jack. Looks like a dimple in the bone. Could be genetic. - There were no WMDs. That's the truth. - All intelligence agencies thought there were. We should magnify the area to see what else caused it. - Are you defending what's going on? - No. Mistakes were made... obviously. Yeah. Like establishing military bases there, instead of investing a fraction of what this war cost into alternative energy. - Nothing is that simple. - To me it is! - We're ruled by the corporate oligarchy. - There's also discolouration. - You should do scrapings. - Wanna make the world a better place? Shut your yap long enough to hear something other than the sound of your own voice. Hey, where are you going? The scrapings? Huh? Oh, yeah. I thought we were having a good time. A pleasure. You've helped us with casualties we never thought we'd be able to ID. - Someday I won't be needed. - That's what we hope. Captain Fuller, give Agent Booth and Dr Brennan all the help they need. Please. So, this is your third tour in Iraq, Captain? Yes. A National Guard unit can be difficult to lead. Nothing against the Guard, but usually they're inexperienced, short-changed on equipment. But Kent's unit, they were one of the best I ever had. - And Devon Marshall? - Marshall was a good soldier. But after he came back, he seemed to turn against the military. Saw us as the problem. - You must've known men like that. - Some people just aren't cut out for it. - Like Jimmy Martin. - He's had troubles, but he still supports us. Marshall and Jimmy seemed like they had trouble getting over Kent's death. Any idea why it was so tough for them? Tougher than usual? We were on a patrol in Mosul. Intel reports indicated there were insurgents there. We were canvassing the area. Private Campbell stayed in the Humvee as the unit headed to a small house up the street. There were five of us: Kent, Marshall, Martin, Leferts, myself. It was a small house, two rooms. I looked through a slat and saw three insurgents in the back room. One a woman. The men had AK-47s. I sent Kent and Leferts to cover the back so no one could run. I was getting the others into position when one insurgent must've spotted Kent. I heard the pop-pop-pop of the enemy AK-47. Kent made entry to take them out before they could get to the rest of us. Leferts followed 'em in while we kicked in the front door. When we got to them, Kent had already been killed taking out the insurgents. A sight like that stays with you. For two part-timers like that, I guess it was too much. But whatever Marshall was trying to do desecrating Kent's grave, Kent saved the unit. Marshall can't take that away. Devon Marshall was murdered, Captain. God. - Any bad blood between him and Martin? - Not that I know of. We only have the after-action summary of the incident. I'd like to have the full report, Kent's autopsy, the photos of the scene, and any other evidence that exists. You'll have whatever you need. - I thought we'd keep the murder to ourselves. - He's a commander. A decorated officer. - And a soldier wouldn't kill someone? - Now it's yourjob to question their motives? No. It's my job to solve a murder. Yours, too. Treat him like you would anyone else involved in an investigation. You're not in the military any more. I will find out who killed Devon Marshall. That's all you need to know. - How's Booth doing? - He's angry. I think I said some things. - Sweetie... - He wasrt being objective. I just had to get him to focus. - You have to think before you speak. - Why? I can say anything to you without thinking first. Men aren't like us. They're much more fragile and needy. The fact they think <i>we're</i> needy is a testament to our superiority. Yeah. I guess I forgot. Dr Brennan, the military delivered all the paperwork you requested. Kent's autopsy report is careless and incomplete. There was no incision, no x-rays so no way to confirm the amount of bullets he was hit with. The ME marked seven entry points, but the report says there were only six bullets. I could've done better with a Crayola. Medical records are done on the fly in combat situation, not falsified. Booth, the report is a mess. Ange, input these photos and enance them for as much detail as possible. No flesh from Marshall's ear. I sent anything useful to Pathology to see if they can match anything with the DNA from Jimmy Martirs cigarette. - Were you really mad before? - Why? Because of your paranoid ramblings? I'm guessing mad. Fair enough. Can I at least give you some material to read? You could try, but you'd walk funny for a week. I'd better work on these scrapings for Zack. This is a murder. We know Devon would visit Kent's grave, Jimmy said to apologise. He knew something about Kent, Booth. Something these reports will never tell us. So what do you want to do? - I want to exhume Charles Kent. - Exhume a war hero? - Do you have any idea what you're asking? - It's the only way to know what happened. - The report. - Which is sloppy and incomplete. He is supposed to be honoured this week, not humiliated. Doesrt Devon Marshall deserve as much respect and honour as Kent? - I'm sorry, Bones. I can't let you do this. - I'm not asking for your permission, Booth. I can get the court order on my own. I was just kind of hoping for your support. - Agent Booth, I'm Tina Kent. - Listen, ma'am. I'm very sor... It's a Silver Star. - I know how much you hate this, Booth. - Let's just get it over with, all right? OK, I want a full set of x-rays and a clear picture of all fracture patterns. And a tox screen and analysis of any particulates in the wounds. - DOD wants it done fast and out of the press. - It will take the time it takes to do properly. Run scenarios on angles and the entry order of the shots. Yeah. I should be able to give you something. I know we don't see eye to eye on a lot cos politically we live in an Orwellian nightmare... What... what are you trying to say? Just... I'm sorry, man. I really am. I'll need x-rays of L1 through 4 and the left scapula. - He's just a kid. - Anthropologists theorise that wars break out when there's an increase in the population of unmarried men under the age of 25. I'm sorry. I need to create a distance from the victim. It's how I deal. I... I didn't mean... Just, you know, do what you have to do. I'm gonna go do my thing. I should've been with Kent, man. Maybe I could've shielded him, you know? But the captain, he put me and Devon on the front door. By the time we got to Kent, it was too late. - What did you see from where you were? - Oh, no. I don't need to go through that again. - The captain told you. You read the report. - Come on, Jimmy. Please. This is for Kent and Devon. It was the first action we saw. Man, nobody was ready. We were outside the front door sweating in the heat, just waiting. - What's the first thing you heard? - First? The pop-pop-pop from the enemy AK. And all hell broke loose. We broke down the door and made entry. Those people, the Iraqi ones, they were already dead when we got to the back room. Kent, too. Leferts standing over him all freaked. We were all freaked, man. These were real people, you know? - Did you see them firing on Kent? - No. But like I said, it took time to kick in the door and push through to the back room. If I'd got there faster, I... There was nothing I could do, you know? I swear. - Six of the bullets are still in the remains. - I need to see which entries were fatal. - Anything more on Devon Marshall? - Still working on the dimple on his neck. Set up a trace so we can start extracting the bullets. Find anything in the wounds that might have changed the trajectory of the bullets? Not yet. Just residual sesquioxide and silica accumulation. A little decayed organic matter. Probably food that was on the floor. So... - Thank you. - Look, Angela... I run on sometimes, I know. I guess I think if I yell loud enough maybe someone will listen. You have to be careful people don't go deaf. (sighs) You know, what you did for Booth before - showing him you understood - that was good. Everyone hears something like that. I joined the Guard cos they helped pay for medical school. All my life I wanted to be a doctor. It's all I ever wanted. I never thought I'd get sent overseas, much less Iraq. Your service record is exemplary. I survived. That's my achievement. I'm sorry to do this, Miss Campbell. I'm just trying to reconstruct the night of the firefight. I was parked in the alley. The captain told me to stay in the Humvee. Women can't engage in direct combat. He took the unit to the house. The street was quiet. I was waiting. Then I heard the pop-pop-pop of the AK-47. Then Kent and Leferts firing. The captain and the others breaking down the door. Then everything stopped. It went quiet again. Then the captain came back, told me Kent had been hit. He knew I was a med student, so he sent me in while he radioed for a medevac. As an intern, I've seen a lot of horrible things. But when it's your friend... someone you serve with... Yeah. Been in the Guard for years. Didrt think I'd ever get called up again. I mean, I'm 45. There's just not enough men for this mess. Look, Mr Leferts, if we could just... We were 22 hours into a 12-hour detail. You try that when it's 110 degrees out. (sighs) They called me Dad because I was the old guy. Kent was the kid. Captain sent us around back. I was supposed to look out for him. It got like I really was the damn kid's father. Kent was gung ho, you know? Would've fought the whole damn war himself. So, he sees something move inside. Something shines off the light. A barrel, he says. Then we hear people moving around, somebody coming towards us from inside. - Then somebody fires. - What did it sound like? The shots. It was like a pop-pop-pop. Then Kent rushes in, sees the first guy. Blows him away. He wasrt supposed to go in by himself, so I rush in. I take out the last guy, and then it all stops. And when it does, Kent is lying there. I can't believe it! I'm... I'm... I'm staring down at Kent. And then the others, they ask, "What happened, Dad?" "Dad, what happened?" And I'm staring down at Kent like he really is my kid. I'm a lawyer! A damn lawyer. I shouldn't have been there. None of us should've been there. - Their stories don't line up. - You said the events seem consistent. Exactly. We got a group of traumatised soldiers who all say the same words to describe the first shots: "pop-pop-pop". It was rehearsed. - They're hiding something. - That makes sense. - There's something Devon knew about. - And someone else didn't want to get out. - That's all of them. - The way the blood pooled round the bullets, these three were the ones that killed him. These rounds aren't from an AK-47. These are. They didn't kill him. Circulation had stopped when these bullets hit. Wait. The ones that killed him are from an M...14. Those are from our weapons. - Friendly fire. - Oh, God. - Booth... - You know what? Let's find out who did this. Not all personnel carry the same weapons. We have to find out who was issued the M-14. - Leferts was the only one issued an M-14. - So Kent runs in firing. The insurgents fire back. Leferts follows Kent in. Leferts is shooting and he kills Kent. Devon wanted to tell the truth but Leferts has a legal practice - too much to lose. Leferts kills Devon. Son of a... "I shot Kent that night. I'm sorry." "I didn't mean to, but I can't live with it any more." His assistant says he was out of town the night Devon Marshall died. He couldn't have killed him. The murderer's still out there, Booth. Devon Marshall was too badly burned. Hodgins couldn't get enough usable tissue to match the DNA from Martirs cigarette. And the one person who had a motive killed himself but he couldn't have killed Marshall. - ME confirmed suicide? - Yeah. Plus no one was in or out of the office. - He definitely killed himself. - But we still have no idea who killed Devon. (knocks at door) Agent Booth? Mr Kent. - This is Dr Brennan. - I know. I'm sorry I exhumed your son, sir. But we needed... No, please. Thank you. It's important for us to find out how he died. - Do you want to sit? - No. I just wanted to ask. There's conflicting stories. Now the captain says he can't talk to us. I just wanted to ask you to find the truth. My wife and I can't live not knowing what happened to Charlie. We need the truth. Of course. - I can't talk to the family. This is ongoing. - Convenient. Bones! You had no idea this was friendly fire? - If I had, I would've reported it. - There are inconsistencies in the report. You're good at yourjob, but you don't know the first thing about combat. We were taking fire. One of my men was killed. The area wasrt secured. Do you think I count bullets and draw pictures? You've been through it. Does it ever go the way you want it to? Is it ever the way it should be in combat? We have to ask these questions. It's a murder investigation. And I'll cooperate. I don't want more of my men to die either. Now, if there's nothing else... Got something. A splinter pattern. Wood particles blew back into an exit wound from the AK-47s. The missing bullet. He wasrt near wood when shot. He was in the middle of the room. - No. He was on the floor. - Someone stood over him and squeezed off some rounds from an AK-47 after he was already dead. The missing round passed through him and into the wood floor. But all the insurgents had already been killed. They were the only ones with AK-47s. I hate to say "conspiracy", but, my peeps, we've got a conspiracy. Someone covered up the incident by making it look like he was killed by insurgents. Angela, enance all pictures of the aftermath so we can see body positions, bullet holes, damage to the house. I want to reconstruct what happened that night. Look at us. You with a badge, me in the courtroom, both trying to find justice. - That's why we fought. - That's what they told us. - You don't believe it? - Sure I do. You don't look like <i>you</i> do. - You're not gambling again, are you? - No, man. Nah, I've been good. I've been going to my meetings. I haven't even played a game of Monopoly. Hey, listen, Hank. I have this case. Charles Kent. - It's a friendly-fire. - God. Yeah. Covered up. Two other members of the squad are dead. One murdered. Whatever went down must've been pretty ugly. You know, Hank... You know what we did? - Don't go there, Booth. - Was it won'th it? I mean, look at you. You saved my life. I got a great family because of you. - Yeah, but why was it always a secret? - We were given a choice. - They always gave us a choice. - Yeah, but that last time... Well, you knew what was at stake. Yeah... Yeah. You never talked to anybody about it? You've got to. - How about your girlfriend? That doctor? - No, she's just my partner. - You know, look, I got work. I should go. - Sure. - We're on for Sunday dinner, right? - Yeah. See you Sunday. Bye. (Bones) I want to see all the walls. Can you scan them for bullet holes? Single out the ones that came from Leferts' weapon. This is hard for Booth. He's idealistic. It's nice to know somebody that wants to keep honour alive. I feel like Booth thinks I'm taking that away from him. OK, it says, "Insurgent A opened fire when he saw Kent. And Kent took him out." Let's see A again? - You're just doing yourjob. He knows that. - I guess. - Magnify his hands. - What are you looking for? His hands are splayed like he was shielding himself from the rounds coming at him. Cadaveric spasm - the muscles became rigid when he died. - He might not have held that weapon. - What do you mean? Show me insurgent B. I tell Booth we're on the same side. I'm not disillusioning him. It's my findings. But when I look at him, I... - <i>(sighs)</i> I don't know what else I can do. - I do. - Ange. - As a friend, Brennan. Yeah. That whole "friends with benefits" thing, that's not happening. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about being there for him. Knowing when a simple touch is enough. Maybe I could write him a note. I can be very articulate on paper. Zoom in. OK, magnify the blood smear. Well, you can see by the smear he was moved, turned, that gun placed next to him. - OK, show me C. - OK, this is the third insurgent woman, about 40, holding the unexploded grenade in her hand. Magnify her torso. (Angela) Wait, she's lying on a dinner plate. And the serving spoon is next to her. She'd been holding it when she was shot. - And a grenade? - Found anything yet? Yeah. None of these people were armed when Kent went in there. All of the weapons were planted on them after they died. Fuller's unit killed an unarmed family. - Kent shot unarmed people? - They look like a family. About to sit down to dinner. - Any other questionable operations? - None. They did six months without incident. How could it have happened? The woman was going to the back door. Kent maybe thought the spoon was a weapon. - A spoon? - It's dark. It happens. He's inexperienced. He's scared. You only have an instant to make a choice. Kent probably thought he was being attacked, so he burst in. From the spray pattern, he was shooting as he entered. He must've killed the woman first. The others as they rushed to the woman to help. He probably thought they were attacking, too. Leferts hears firing. He goes in. Kent turns, weapon still pointed. Leferts shoots, killing Kent. - All happens in seconds. - But if Kent turned to face him... It doesn't matter. After all the shooting, all Leferts sees is a weapon pointing at him. - He just reacted. - God. So this was more than a friendly-fire incident. Hell of a lot more. You son of a bitch! You covered up the whole thing! - Stand down! - They were innocents! - My report clearly states... - We've taken it apart! We have facts, Captain! - Your squad blew away a family of innocents! - Kent! Kent did! A kid so green he never should've been there. Do you know what that town was like? Our guys were getting blown up every day while we tried to build hospitals and schools. A mistake was made. No one likes it. But you know what happens. If it got out what we did, that neighbourhood, the whole damn city would've exploded. What would you have done? Would you have let the city burn? This can't come out, Agent Booth. Don't make this any harder with an ugly story like this. I don't know what you're fighting for, Fuller, but it sure wasrt my country. - We'll start with obstruction ofjustice. - You have no jurisdiction here. But <i>we</i> do, Captain. We're cooperating fully with Agent Booth. You will not disgrace us, Captain. You will be held accountable. (Booth) Marshall's killer is still free. Fuller placed weapons on the Iraqis, pressured the others to be quiet, but he still has an alibi for the night of Marshall's murder. Zack found discolouration on Devors vertebrae. It's caused by residue left from pethidene, an opiate known as Demerol. Someone jabbed a syringe into his neck, creating the indentation in the bone. He was made unconscious, so the instrument was placed into his ear without a struggle. - A nine-inch surgical curette like this. - It's someone with access to tools and drugs. Someone the army sent to medical school. All done. He was gonna tell. I... It's like the war was still going on. I was just trying to survive. (officer) Forward march! My boy was just trying to do the right thing. Thank you for letting people see that. You can be proud of him. - I would never have expected to see that. - Well, people will always surprise you. That hasn't always been my experience. I've done some things. - I know. - No. You don't. But it's OK. Well, not... not as a secret. It's not. I have to be, uh, honest... about myself. I have to be able to tell someone. You will in time, Booth. You will. I was sent to Kosovo. There was this Serb, General Radik, who led a unit, who would go into villages and, you know, destroy 'em. Women, children, all... all killed because he wanted to ethnically purify his country. He'd done this twice before. I mean, we had facts, proof. 232 people just erased. I was the sniper... sent in to stop him. He was set to leave in a couple of hours. It was his sors... sors birthday. A little boy... maybe about six or seven. I can still hear the music from the party, you know? That song just playing in my head. Nobody knew where the shot came from, but they knew why it came. They said I saved over 100 people. But, you know, that little boy who didn't know who his father was, who just loved him, he saw him die, fall to the ground, right in front of him. That little boy all covered in his daddy's blood... was just changed forever. (sighs) It's neverjust the one person who dies, Bones. Never... never. (sniffs) You know, we all die a little bit, Bones. With each shot, we all die a little bit.