- That'd be you. - That's why I know what killed him. A scared camper drilled him with a Winchester Magnum.338. You're afraid I'm not showing respect to the bear's spirit. I have better things to do than wait around for you to tell me what I already know. The law says I have to send in as much information as I can - age, weight, what he last ate... Oh, yummy. Hot dogs, refried beans... What's that? - Beefjerky. - Beefjerky? He was in hyperphagia, eating everything he could find before going into hibernation. Oh. What? Sherman, this is... Oh, God. - It looks human to me. - Sorry. - What's the deal? - It was found in eastern Washington State. - Where? - Inside a bear. No, I mean... Inside a bear? Autopsy revealed bone fragments in the bear's stomach and intestine. An autopsy on an animal is a necropsy. It's crucial we get that straight. Meanwhile, about the dead human being... What do you need me for? 26 bone fragments. Case bumped to the Seattle field office. - They bumped it to me. Check it out. - Why'd they bump it to you? Bones, I mean, do you really care about the inner workings of the FBI office? They bumped it to you cos you work with me. No, they hoped that you could help ID the body. - From a hand? - Well, they have high expectations. Definitely human. Opposable thumb. Probably male from the size. Uh-oh. - What? - Kerf marks. Marks made from a cutting tool. - Maybe when they cut open the bear. - No. It's not a straight edge. Residual cross-section striae. - Just cos you say it in that definitive tone... - These marks were made from a saw. The hand was already separated from the rest of the person. Somebody was dismembered and fed to a bear? That's one possibility. - OK. Um, thanks, Bones. - Glad I could help. But you're not done. I'll check out the x-rays, see if I can confirm sex and age. - Pack. We're going to Washington State. - I'm not going to Washington State. Again, just cos you say it in that definitive tone doesn't mean it means anything to me. Why is Booth the one who decides? He gets the gun and the authority. He's the one people like. Firstly, he didn't decide that you go to Washington State. I am the one who decides where you do and do not go. - And secondly? - Secondly, it's time to live a little. Connect with other people. Are you suggesting I take this opportunity to have sex with Booth? - Good God. Where's Dr Freud? - I don't understand what you're saying. Which is precisely why I am sending you to the Great North Woods. Come on, now. You've partially digested, dismembered skeletal remains to examine. That should put a smile on your face. The mosquitoes out there are the size of dogs. Pack insect repellent. Being cooped up in a crappy hotel in the middle of nowhere with a $50 per diem is not my idea of a good time either. You only get $50 a day? How can you live on that? - OK, what do you get? - I don't have a limit. I give them the receipts. No, you have to have a limit. We work for the government. I don't have a limit. But it's not fair. It's not fair to the taxpayers. You're like one of those $1,000 toilet seats. I'm treated differently because I have an indispensable skill. Indispensable(!) I do not need you. Oh, so you can determine the origin of the kerf marks and the sex and age of the victim? - You know, you're a smart ass. - I'd say I'm very smart, although it has nothing to do with my ass. You know, I'll tell you what. You can take me out to dinner, put me on your tab. That doesn't seem ethical. You still want that gun, now, don't you? Hm? We'll start with breakfast. (Booth) You know, it's beautiful here. It feels good to be out of the city. (Bones) Yeah. Where murderers feed their victims to bears. (grunts) Whew. - Small-town America. Gotta love it. - No, this is not a small town. Chuntala in Guatemala, 150 people, no running water, that's a small town. I said small-town America, not small-town Guatemala. And I've been there too, by the way. - Where are you going? - To see the sheriff. - How are you gonna do that? - It's an old FBI trick. I'm gonna ask somebody who lives here. What took you to Guatemala? Ecotourism? I went down to shoot somebody through the heart from 1500 feet. I was pretty sure it was human, but I'm a vet, so I called Andrew - Dr Rigby - and he thought it was human too. Officially I'm the coroner here, but I'm a country doctor. I have no training in forensics. This is approximately 60% of the arm of a male, late teens, early 20s, well-muscled. - That's amazing. - You see these marks here? Below the radial tuberosity? You haven't performed any amputations lately, have you? Uh, a few frostbit toes last winter, and a thumb from a nasty Murphy bed accident. - Why? - These are saw marks. That's not good, people sawed up and eaten by bears. I'm gonna send this back to my lab. My people can give a better estimate of when the bear ingested the arm. You got pretty good equipment there, I guess. I'm still on dial-up. - What's the fastest way to ship a human arm? - <i>(all three)</i> Charlie. - Need a hand? - Thanks, but I'm trying to get rid of this one. - These are human remains. - Oh. I have to ship them to the Jeffersonian Institute in Washington, DC. - Cool. They have Dizzy Gillespie's trumpet. - I know. Muhammad Ali's boxing gloves. Abraham Lincolrs top hat. - I work there. - You ever sit in Archie Bunker's chair? I work in a different part of the museum. I'm a forensic anthropologist. - My name's Charlie. - Yeah, I know. Wow. What, you could tell from my, like, skull structure? It says it on your shirt, Charlie. - Where can I find the sheriff? - He's, uh, past the garage to the right. Hey. Temperance Brennan. I'm reading your book. Gave me a few ideas if I ever wanna kill someone and get rid of the body. Well, don't forget, Charlie, the heroine always catches the bad guy. Sounds good to me. (man) These are false-start kerfs, which suggest a handsaw. The cut marks from the breakaway spur here should give me the number of teeth per inch, but to me itjust looks broken. I could work it up into a three-dimensional image, see if that helps. Dr Brennan could do it from this. Not when she was a lowly grad student, Zack. Upload all the digital info that Brennan sent you into my mainframe. And lighten up, Z-man. Somebody cut that guy's arm off, Sheriff. Couldrt be a local. Somebody missing an arm, that's something you notice. - How many people live in Aurora? - 326 in town. Another couple hundred in the surroundings. - Maybe 1200 on the Indian reservation. - Tourists? Hikers. It's beautiful country so they don't realise it's dangerous. On average we lose a couple of people a year. Cycle of life, eh? - Lose anyone recently? - Woman, 29. Ann Noyes from Olympia. Disappeared a couple of weeks ago. Her parents say she was an "experienced hiker". <i>(snorts)</i> - You must have a few resident crazies. - Juvenile drinking, domestics, bar fights. Joyriding. The only felons we have are poachers. They shoot the black bears and sell the gall bladders on the black market. Park ranger handles that stuff. - Can I help you? - Yeah. Thanks. I'm with him. - Suddenly I wish I was FBI. - <i>(laughs)</i> Sheriff Chris Scutter, Dr Brennan. - My first forensic anthropologist. - We need to find the rest of the body. Sherman - Ranger Rivers - traced the bear's route back a week. They didn't find anything. - Is he some kind of an Indian scout? - A Flathead Indian. - But the bear was wearing a GPS collar. - Did he check the scat? You think there's more people parts in the bear crap? We could go with Sherman tomorrow, take a look. Oh, yeah. Now that you've met Bones, you're all about interagency cooperation. "Bones"? I don't think that's any way to talk to a lady. Thank you. Do you have dinner plans? We're working. Thanks for that. All I am saying is, why cut somebody into pieces? Pack 'em tighter, maybe. Say, in a suitcase. How did a bear open a suitcase? I saw a documentary once where a bear got in a car and drove away. That was not a documentary. It was a can'toon. Hello. I'm looking for a Zack Addy. Got a package of human remains. I can sign for that. - Where's Jimmy? - Tahiti, Fiji, who knows? He won the lottery. Is it too much of a line to say, "No, <i>we</i> won the lottery"? It is. Yeah. You know, I take it back. It's just compared to you, Jimmy, you know... - The third nostril. - That whistling sound when he sneezes. (sighs) Unfortunately, it is too soon to ask you to have coffee. - It is? - Yes. Yes, coffee is the third-delivery capper. - So what's the first-delivery capper? - Initial contact, meet-cute, light flirting. Then I'll catch you in another couple of deliveries. OK. Bye. - You bogarted my package. - You panicked and froze, my man, thus the package came into play. Also, incorrect use of the verb "bogarted". We've been looking for that female hiker, but sometimes you never find a trace. They fall into a ravine, the river... So, how do you like the Evergreen Lodge? Very nice. I have a beautiful view of the mountains from my terrace. - You have a terrace? - Yeah. I'm sharing a bathroom. - This is where the bear was shot. - How far did he get before he died? - About 100 yards. - How do you know that's the right way? - Not hard to track a wounded bear. - Ever hear of the bone gatherers? Collecting bones so the dead can make theirjourney to the next world? I'm not even sure I believe in the next world. Doesrt matter what you believe in. You're a bone gatherer. That's a good thing, helping the spirits move on. Thank you. That's probably the bestjob description I'll ever get. (Booth) Over here. - You find something? - Does a bear scat in the woods? I think he voided here and he headed off over there. OK. See if you can find any older samples. - She ain't the squeamish type, is she? - I'm gonna go out on a limb here, Sherman, and guess you don't get a lot of eligible, good-Iooking women coming through town. - Hey. I just finished chapter seven. - This has to go to my... Do you do all the stuff the girl in your book does? I'm uncomfortable discussing that with you. I'm not talking about the sex. I'm talking about the running and the shooting. I mean, if you do do all that other stuff that's great too, for you and, um, whoever you're doing it with. - I'd like to send this to my lab. - Uh, more bones? - No, it's bear scat. - Oh. I can deal with that. - <i>(phone rings)</i> - Brennan. The person who belonged to the arm died a week ago, and the bear ate it one to three days after that. - <i>(Bones) Anything from the saw?</i> - Angela's entering the data. I found something else I can't categorise. Can I beam it to you? OK. Hold on. - Do you mind if I set this up here? - Yeah. No problem. - I'm connecting with the satellite. - <i>All right.</i> OK. I'm linked. - <i>I've been focusing on...</i> - So, who's that? - My assistant, Zack. - Hey, Zack. - <i>Who's that?</i> - The overnight guy. Charlie. You can send me the picture. - Zack, does your boss have a boyfriend? - <i>Not currently.</i> - <i>Are you extremely good-looking?</i> - Yes, I am. - Zack, these are bite marks. - You mean from the bear? Black bears' premolars are small and piglike. - These marks show a double cusp pattern. - Pigs are double-cusped. - Hey, Zack, are you extremely smart? - Yes, I am, Charlie. Pigs have six incisors. These marks were made by four incisors, like a chimp, except these teeth form a continuous arch. - <i>(Charlie) So, what's got a continuous arch?</i> - Humans. We don'tjust have a killer on our hands. We have a cannibal. Zack'll have the odontologist take a look, but I'm right. - A cannibal. You mean a Hannibal Lecter? - I don't know what that means. You're certain a human gnawed on that bone? - Bit, gnawed, removed the flesh. - That's... that's really not good. Are you sure, Bones? You've never seen anything like this before? Of course I have. I did grad work among the Wari'. They have a history of cannibalism. I've seen evidence of cannibalism in some 12th-century Native American sites. - It's not a big deal. - Have you ever...? I've never been offered human flesh before. - Maybe if you had...? - It's an interesting question. I'd have to measure my social inculcation against objective scientific inquiry. - OK, that's sick. - Maybe someone who needs to be rescued. Maybe the young man died and the missing girl, hungry and lost, came upon him. - Needing food, she... - Sawed him up and barbecued him? There's no evidence the hand was cooked. She does not look like a girl who would chew on raw flesh. When survival instincts kick in... If it isn't her, we're dealing with some psycho killer. This is sick. Someone eating raw human flesh is going to get sick. - Teeth marks? - Yes. These drag marks are where the flesh was ripped right off the bone. - Ugh. It's like a zombie movie. - Where is my bear poop? Is it the excrement you're anxious to look at or the courier? - What do you think? - Somebody gnawed on this arm like corn? According to that team that crashed in the Andes, human flesh tastes like frogs' legs. - As though I need a reason never to eat frogs. - I'm gonna make a cast of these markings. We won't get a full dental impression, but we'll get something. Zack. You're needed upstairs. Angela. If we were a soccer team and crashed in the Andes, who would you rather eat? Me or Zack? (sighs) What? (clears throat) - I have a package for a Zack Addy. - That's me. I thought... There was the other guy. That was Hodgins. He zoomed you because you're so beautiful. - Thanks. That's sweet. - L-I'm not being sweet. It's just a fact. - How old are you? - 24. 24. I could just eat you up. Have you diagnosed anyone with a prion disease? Prion disease? No. Some Alzheimer's, yes. Some brain damage due to alcoholism and huffing. Delusions? Erratic behaviour? Violent outbursts? The incubation period for a prion disease can be years. You're thinking the cannibal might be showing symptoms? Dr Rigby, I never said anything about a cannibal. Well, it's all over town. Charlie. The overnight guy. What do you think our chances are of keeping this quiet? I'd say absolutely zero. - I was waiting to see her. - You were waiting for bear poop. I said, "Are you excited about it?" And you said, "What do you think?" - You thought I was excited about excrement? - You have to be clear. What's that? - It's a piece of undigested bone. - Metacarpal. I think that goes with my hand. (Hodgins) Part of a tin can. Elastin fibres. Some kind of sporocarp. Here's something. Hair follicles. Sebaceous glands. It's a layer of dermis. - Pigmentation marks in the microphage. - A flap of skin with a tattoo. We need a tattoo expert. It's fairly simple. Uh, two colours, red and black. - Some kind of native design. - She likes me more than she likes you. - She said I was sweet. - I made her laugh at Jimmy's third nostril. That's pretty good, making a woman laugh at a third nostril. - We have a tentative coffee date. - She said she wanted to eat me up. Zack's definitely ahead on points. There it is. - <i>The skin in the scat has a sun on it.</i> - What is that? A haiku? It's a tattoo. Hi, Booth. Hi. I'm Angela Montenegro. - <i>How you doing, Angela?</i> - <i>Angela, focus, please.</i> It's a Haida sun motif. Good work. Very impressive. 18 to 25-year-old man, Haida sun tattoo on his arm? Hey, Booth, I have kind of a thing for tattoos. You got any? Angela. I'm sorry, sweetie, but what's with that town? You getting any from that hot overnight guy? - <i>Ange, we're trying to work.</i> - Is that town totally wasted on you? Because I take this as a sign from God to loosen up. You know what they say. What happens in Aurora stays in Aurora. Hey. I'm running a missing persons check using the new info on the tattoo. - She seems friendly, your associate. - She's 3,000 miles away. I'd send away for a Russian bride. Adam Langer, 22. Missing ten days from college in Richland. Wait, I know this kid. He used to come up to visit Sherman. Wanted to be a ranger. Look, I've known Sherman for years. I can't believe he had anything to do with this. (knocks) - Hey, Sheriff. - Hey, Sherman. Mind if we come in? - You here about the cannibal? - We can't talk about business. - How's about some tea? - Sure. Oh, yeah. What'd you do that for? Give you a chance to look around, get a sense of the man. The raven spirit. In Native American stories - it has a cannibalistic element. - <i>(thumping)</i> He went out back. Give me your flashlight. - No way you'll catch Sherman in the woods. - <i>(Booth)</i> Just search the place. Sherman, stop. I don't know if a wall of knives is evidence, but it is creepy. Hey. Hey, stop! (Bones) Is there a saw? Yup. We wanna take it, see if it matches the cuts in Adam Langer's bones. And see if this matches the teeth marks. You gotta be kidding me. As justice of the peace I authorise you to open that freezer. Thank you. What kind of meat do you think that is? I sent a bunch of frozen meat by overnight air. I need to know what it is. - You think it's human? - <i>Maybe. It's a funny colour.</i> - Did you catch the guy? - No. Booth lost him. - Whoa. I didn't lose him. - You didn't catch him. - So you two have the night free. - <i>Yes.</i> We can't do anything. Booth has to wait till it's light to look for the guy he lost. I didn't lose him, OK? I... He... Tell her that my flashlight died. - She doesn't care. - What? - Give me that. - It's not safe to drive and talk. - Are you two fighting? - Professional pride. Tell her. Booth wants you to know that he lost the guy because his flashlight died. And because he's an Indian and a park ranger and he's very familiar with the territory. - Did you hear that? - Something about Indians? She says she understands. I need to know about that meat ASAP. - <i>I'll tell Zack.</i> - Give me the phone. - What? - It wasrt even my flashlight. It was the sheriff's flashlight and his batteries, they ran out. OK? - Good night, Angela. - Hey. You have to take that man for a drink. And have a little fun yourself. Fun and a drink. Where do we find that? So, I was surprised to see you here. In your book you never sleep till you get your man. That's not me. That's a character. In real life you have to wait for lab results. - I see. Well, lucky for me. - I don't know. I'm not a very good dancer. Apparently I lead. - So I'll follow. - Hey, Booth. Want a beer? Another beer. I climbed with Adam sometimes. I was freaked out when I found out it was his arm. - You knew Adam Langer? - I taught him how to climb. Man, he was strong. No matter how much I lift, I could never match him. You have excellent definition in your biceps and triceps. Well, thanks. And your waist muscles feel good too. Transverse abdominals. Thank you. So, that meat we sent back to your lab, that wasrt more of Adam, was it? - I can't discuss... - <i>Excusez-moi.</i> Dr Rigby. I can't imagine you and Charlie have a lot to talk about. We were managing. (Rigby) I guess it looks pretty bad for Sherman. I can't discuss the investigation with you. Look, Sherman is a Flathead. The spiritual beliefs of his tribe don't value cannibalism. Anthropology teaches us that beliefs and customs evolve. That's why you still find cannibalism practised today. You can justify the act of eating another human being? I can understand it intellectually. I shouldn't be talking shop, not with such a beautiful woman in my arms. Sheriff time. You think you can match the bite marks on the apple with those on that arm? I'm not comfortable discussing it on the dance floor. - I'm the sheriff. We're colleagues. - Mind if I cut in? - Thought you might need a break. - What happened to your shirt? - Well, we're in a bar. It's a look. - Everybody's pumping me. - Sorry? - For information on the case. - They're only pretending to be interested. - Why? - They're hitting on you. - Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. You're the hottest thing this town has seen in a long time. Check out the competition. Now, that is someone who wants to eat your heart. (Angela) Ooh, very pretty. Lovely. It's a sporocarp called Tuber gibbosum after a week in bear poop. - Thank you for ruining my moment. - It's a mushroom. An Oregon white truffle. A mycorrhizal species that only grows in symbiosis with Douglas fir trees. - Are Douglas fir trees very rare in the woods? - No. - Then you haven't found anything useful. - No. - You wanna get something to eat? - No. - Oh, you're expecting a delivery tonight. - Zack is. - And you're going to zoom him. - Like the Indy 500, baby. - <i>(Booth)</i> You didn't come down for breakfast. - I wasrt hungry. Sorry you had to pay. - I called your room. There was no answer. - Why the sudden interest in my habits? I just thought we were gonna get something to eat, so I waited. My eggs got cold, that's all. Cold eggs. - This is where my flashlight failed. - <i>My</i> flashlight. And how can you be sure? - Cos this is where I was standing. - <i>(Scutter)</i> A shirt button? And I heard him, uh, disappear in this direction. Leaving buttons on the trail. Must be an old fish-chewer trick. You mean a snake eater. An old snake-eater trick. - Were you here all night? - Yes. Did I miss Toni? Yes. - She asked about you. - And you torpedoed me, didn't you? No, I told her the truth. That you were sifting through excrement. You want a war? Fine, because I am the warrior. Zack, I got the measurements for your saw from the Angelator. Now all you have to do is find a match. Say thank you with gifts. - Did you work all night? - Yes. I shaved the truffle. - Is that anything like spanking the monkey? - I found boring dust. - <i>(Angela)</i> Is there any other kind? - It's produced by beetles. The tree the truffle grew on was infested. - That won't impress Toni. - That's not why I did it. I did it to serve justice and capture a cannibal. That'll impress the hot courier. I am back in the game. No way you'll catch Sherman in the woods. He's a park ranger and an Indian. Right there. Oh. He's doing some kind of Indian ritual. - Waiting for us. - <i>(phone rings)</i> The meat samples you sent us were all <i>Ursus americanus.</i> Black bear. - I didn't kill no one. - Why'd you run? You're FBI. Ever hear of Leonard Peltier? Pine Ridge? - Wounded Knee? Indians and FBI don't mix. - He ran because he's the poacher. - You're the poacher? - The meat we found was black bear. No wonder you never caught him. You should look out for a patch of wood infested with <i>Dendroctonus brevicomis.</i> Hodgins says that the bear dug up the arm in a stand of pine-beetle-infested Douglas fir. Say you did catch a poacher, an Indian who shouldn't have to follow white mars law. - Not even a park ranger? - He could show you a stand of trees like that. - Would you maybe let that Indian go? - The saw is 300mm with 32 offset teeth per inch with a wobble factor of 1/100th of an inch. That's a common hacksaw. That won't help us. I'm just wondering if you'll be sending us any more samples. Yeah, uh, even more of the same samples, in case we wanna double-check the data. I'll let you know. <i>(hangs up)</i> - Do you think she'll send more? - God in heaven, I hope so. Japanese pay a fortune for bear meat. Think the gall bladders fix up their pecker troubles. Would've gotten away with it if you hadrt kept the meat. - I'm not admitting nothing. - He couldn't bring himself to waste the meat. This patch of trees is all infested with beetles. According to the GPS, the bear was here seven days ago. - <i>(Bones)</i> Fits the time line. - What are we looking for? I'm guessing a shallow grave that's been disrupted by a hungry bear. Or maybe some kind of satanic Stonehenge circle. We see this all the time. Kids get baked, do their own version of <i>The Blair Witch Project.</i> - I don't know what that means. - It's a horror movie, Bones. - Didrt make any sense. - Scary, though, with the bloody hand prints. I'm gonna beam you some stills of what looks like a ritualistic Indian site. - A medicine wheel of some kind. - This thing legit? What am I, a shaman? Goodman is an expert in Native American anthropology. He'll tell you what it means. Sherman, you're looking guiltier by the minute. Oh, shut up, Chris. You know better than that. (Scutter) Hey, you're a poacher, man. I sure as hell didn't see that coming either. Got something? Waxy leaves means methane gas is leeching from the soil. Like a body? - <i>(Sherman)</i> That's Adam Langer. - <i>(Bones)</i> Oh, there's a woman here, too. Probably Ann Noyes, the hiker. And she's missing her heart. (Goodman) It's a perversion of a Salish medicine wheel. This is the Spirit Chief Chichaumichu. The southern stone should represent strength. The centre of the wheel should represent life force. - This is upside down and inside out. - We're dealing with a cannibal. You could interpret this as a way of taking energy from someone by eating their flesh. Zoom in. Yeah. This is the symbol for strength, the arm. This one is for spirit, the heart. This one for knowledge... and this is for courage. So we're looking for maybe a scarecrow, tin man or a lion? You say two bodies were found? (Angela) Over here. They were dug up by a bear. One showing signs that his arm was eaten by the cannibal, the other missing her heart. There should be two more bodies to complete the ritual. They checked the site. There were only these two. If I've analysed this correctly, it means there will be two more victims. - Both killed by gunshots to the head. - These stellate patterns at the entry wounds indicate a low-calibre handgun at close range. - That's remarkable. - Not really. Based on adipocere formation, I'm estimating the female has been dead for about... A week? - Very good. - Thanks. Well, her clothing matches that of Ann Noyes, and the male is Adam Langer. My people at the Jeffersonian tell me the medicine wheel suggests a perversion of an old healing ritual. He may have eaten the arm for strength and the heart for spirit. Well, that makes sense from a certain point of view. Do they think it's an Indian? - No way to tell. - Look, I'm no policeman, but it doesn't make sense that Sherman would lead you straight to the evidence that proves he's a murderer and a cannibal. Adam was a good guy. He wanted to be a park ranger. - I was a... What do you call it? - His mentor? That's right. His mentor. Taking him out with me on my rounds, showing him the ropes of the job. Well, maybe Adam found out you were poaching so you made sure he wouldn't talk. So I ate his arm and someone's heart for dessert because that's the type of guy I am. You know he fits the description of someone missing an arm. Why don't you say anything? Somebody says maybe they're gonna come and visit. Maybe they do, maybe they don't. Maybe they go see their climbing buddy instead. - Charlie? - <i>(Booth)</i> The overnight guy? - Maybe sometimes they go visit a girl. - What girl? I'm not comfortable saying. Well, maybe, what with the murders and cannibalism, you get past that discomfort. Adam had a thing with the vet lady. So did his buddy Charlie. You know how jealous white people can be. Um, in the interest of full disclosure, I gotta say I see Denise from time to time, too. What? You find that funny? - The apple we found in Shermars cabin? - You get a mould? (Zack) The mould from the apple does not match the teeth marks on the bone. - What does that mean? - It means you aren't the cannibal. - I already knew that. - The point was to convince us. Do we start checking everybody's teeth in town? Not everybody. We consume, we are consumed. We are consumed by greed, by ambition, lust, jealousy. - Dr Randall, if you'd like... - Even regular love is a form of cannibalism. Could you put the dental medium...? The whole perfect idea of love is that two people become one. - Now, that's a kind of consumption. - We're talking something a little more literal. - We need her to bite it. - Why didn't you report him missing? Because I would've had to admit that he and I were lovers. - Why not admit it? - It would've made another guy angry. What other guy? Charlie. And Sheriff Scutter. And Andrew Rigby, and maybe a couple of others. I don't... Well, there's not a lot to do in a place like Aurora, so what you do, you do lots. - Can you bite this? - If I were your cannibal, would I have pointed out that there were human bones in the bear after the autopsy? An autopsy on an animal is called a necropsy. Yeah. There's a reason I get all the guys and you don't. And let me tell you, if I ate Adam, there wouldn't be anything left. (Zack) Here and here. These look like tooth marks again. - OK. - But they're too regular. They're exactly 2.4mm apart. Teeth aren't that exact. It has to be some kind of machine. - She was eaten by a machine? - I don't know. We got a love triangle. Quadrangle, octangle, whatever. - Jealousy, always a good motive. - For murdering Adam Langer. But Ann Noyes? And the cannibalism? We're looking for someone who's insane. The rant the vet had about people consuming each other was wacky. Yeah, but kind of true, don't you think? Hey, Angela. - <i>Zack wants to beam you something.</i> - OK. Hold on a second. See if you can tell what it is. But if you're in a public place, cover your screen. - What am I looking at? - <i>(Zack) Indentations on Noyes'sternum.</i> - <i>(Bones)</i> Magnification? - <i>40.</i> I can't believe both Dr Rigby and I missed these. Good job. - What are they? - How far apart are they? 2.4mm. OK. These marks and the splitting of the bone here were made by a sternum spreader. There's no record of Ann having heart surgery. Rigby didn't miss it. - Moments like this are why I need a gun. - <i>(sighs)</i> Where else do you keep them? Thank you. That is for self-defence, so don'tjust go blasting away in there. What if I have to shoot? What part of his body should I hit? The part that isn't me. Just stay back. - The bodies are gone. - What's he gonna do? - Take 'em into the woods for a snack? - If I were him, I'd destroy the evidence. Step away from the incinerator, Dr Rigby. You don't understand. It's a spiritual right to share the life force. You're nuts. We get it. We don't need the rambling psycho speech on why you did it. You know that ancient civilisations would sacrifice some in order to preserve the strength and... <i>(groans)</i> - What'd you do that for? - Nobody wants that rambling psycho speech. A bedpan? Hm. (drops bedpan) - Why do we have to face her together? - Want this settled? I'd definitely like this settled. - What are you doing here? - It's like watching <i>Clash of the Horny Titans.</i> - Who'd like to sign for this? - Who wouldn't want to sign for it? So the idea is whoever signs for this... - Yes. The act of signing is an analogue for... - She gets it. Oh. Oh. Oh. That is really sweet. Thank you. That is so hot. Why? Why is that hot? - It'd be hotter if she'd chosen me. - No, this is definitely hotter. And to think I didn't wanna come here. This was a fascinating case. You don't often find cannibalism so close to home. Which I find a plus. There are always individuals within a species who are driven to break the basic taboos. - I mean, Rigby actually ate human flesh. - Bones, I just got my steak and eggs. Rigby has a prion disease. He's been a cannibal for some time. - He could use the insanity defence. - The guy <i>is</i> nuts. Is he nuts cos he got a brain disease from eating human flesh, or was he already nuts? Or did he just lick his fingers after surgery? - I should just become a vegetarian. - Or as an alternative, just don't eat people. You know, I'm gonna come back up here this winter. Charlie says the skiing's great. Oh, Charlie. Yeah. The overnight guy. - Yeah. I know who he is. - I bet he's a great skier. His hips and thighs are perfectly developed for strength and manoeuvrability. - That's it. I'm done. - What? No good? Do you want some cornflakes? - Want some? - No.