mystery novel <i>Bred in the Bone</i>, and she's also - tell me if I get this wrong - an anthropologist who works with the FBI to solve crimes? Yes, that's correct. I use the bones of people who have been murdered, or burned, or... blown up, or eaten by animals or insects, orjust decomposed. Well, that's exciting. Uh, Dr Brennan, your book has sold over 300,000 copies. How do you juggle twin careers as a bestselling author and crime-fighting scientist? I do one, then the other. And is the work enjoyable? I mean, the part involving rotten bodies? Enjoyable? Satisfying, yes, like cracking a code, but when you're looking at someone who's been brutally murdered... It's complicated. Cos I just thought, you know, yuck! Doesrt leave you much time for a personal life, does it? It's true I'm more focused on my career right now. Most of our viewers are parents, home with their preschool-aged children. What will you tell your kids about the horrors that you see every day? I'm not going to have any children. - Really? - Yes, really. Do you have any advice for budding authors out there? Well, the first thing they should have is an idea, and then, well, first you need something to write with. They know that. Well, obviously... you need a writing instrument and you need an idea. I'm just not sure which should come first. The book is <i>Bred in the Bone</i> by Dr Temperance Brennan. Next up after the break: Wicker, the new leather. But is it safe for your children? How was I? - We'll talk about it on the way. - On the way where? (man) Tape off the perimeter. The fire department came to put out a burning car. They found a body in the driver's seat. - The licence plate and VIN are missing. - Why is the FBI involved? One burned backpack, child-sized sneaker, plus the rear seatbelt had been sliced away. You think it was a kidnapping? The first 48 hours after a child abduction are crucial. That's why you're here. You ID that victim, that tells me what kid I'm looking for. Shoe size four. It's a schoolbag, but the contents are burned beyond recognition. What about the human remains? The victim was female. Her skull shows combined Caucasoid and Mongoloid features. Also, preauricular sulcus to the pelvis shows the victim gave birth five to eight years ago. The kidnapping victim could be her child. Maxillary molars have been replaced with removable dentures. Lots of gold. In parts of the Caucasus, when girls from wealthy families turn 16, they're given gold teeth as a display of affluence. I'll dissolve a bicuspid in nitric acid and do a chemical workup. - There's something lodged in the larynx. - Part of her tongue? It's not fleshy enough. This is can'tilage. This is Miss Pickering. She's performing a security review for the State Department. One mars security review is another mars witch-hunt. - That would be Dr Jack Hodgins. - It would be, yes. You know us all, don't you, Miss Pickering? Or is it Agent Pickering from the NSA? I don't yet know you as well as I will, Dr Hodgins. Is something burning? Not any more. She's pretty much extinguished by now. Miss Pickering will require a few minutes to perform a routine security review. - I expect everyone to be cooperative. - I'm not swearing a damn loyalty oath. And civil. Ask Dr Chen in Pathology to identify this as soon as possible. - Dr Brennan. - Yes, security check, civil. Zack will grind a segment of the femur for trace element analysis. Didrt I see you on television this morning? How could I possibly know what you watched on television? Booth, I have to talk to you. - Yeah. It was definitely her. - Maybe work your way up to Dr Brennan. - Have you ID'd the burn victim? - I may be jumping the gun... Music to my ears. We should be looking at Eastern European immigrants going back, say, ten years. I can find that out. Angela doing the facial reconstruction? - If this works, I'll buy you a puppy. - Inadvisable. You never told me how I was this morning. I asked, "How did I do?" You said, "We'll talk in the car," but we didn't. - Was it your first TV interview? - Yes. - It was fine, you know, for your first one. - Well, that was a qualified response. What? No. It was lively. - What kind of word is that? - An adjective. Though ironically most words that end in <i>ly</i> are adverbs, like "ironically". OK, what did I do wrong? Maybe next time tell a funny story. Never say you don't like children. I didn't say that. I just said I don't want any. On TV, it's the same thing. The victim's skull was in good shape. No real shrinkage from the fire. I'm running a comparison between the facial reconstruction and the photos in the immigration database. I hear we're gonna get grilled by some mysterious government chick. I've been through this before. It's so we can work on classified cases - CIA, military. - You have something to hide? - Better believe it, bucko. - What kind of something? - The best kind. There. That one. OK. It's a good match. Polina Rozalina Semov. Born 1970, Churdon, Perm district of the Urals. She emigrated to the US in '94 with her sister Maria, married Carl Decker. - They live in Cleveland Park. - Children? Donovan Dimitri Decker, born 1997. He's eight years old. (Bones) Polina and Carl separated three months ago. Separate addresses. We know that Mom's in a drawer in your lab. Let's go find Dad. You arrest someone really small lately? - Car seat in the back. - Oh, I had Parker for the weekend. - How can you do that? - Install a car seat in an FBI vehicle? Bring a kid into this world knowing what you know. I'll bet Parker was an accident, right? Because his mother wouldn't marry you? What? It never occurred to you that that might be a sensitive topic. You could have gone with "very small felon". I'm better for Parker being around. Someday you'll see that. - I won't. - You'll change your mind. - I don't do that. - You will. Yeah, after I see how Carl Decker reacts when you tell him his child has been kidnapped. - We're gonna find Donovan with his dad. - What? Why? Most kidnappings happen by estranged spouses. You're certainly making the whole domestic scene more and more attractive. - This is it? - Yeah, this is the correct address. Just hang back and let me do all the talking. OK? Mr Decker. - Bones, what are you doing? - It's tidy, spartan even. Is that odd for a recently separated man? The guy's supposed to be some super-rational tight-ass geek. No offence. There's no TV, no magazines, no art, no stereo. There's dust on everything. I don't think he's been here in a while. Where are you going? Booth, where are you going? - FBI. - US marshals! US marshals? Forensic anthropologist! That's why no gun. At least nobody got shot. Probably cos she didn't have a gun. Sir, why is Carl Decker's home being watched by US marshals? He's a federal witness under witness protection. He's scheduled to appear before a grand jury in two days. - Is it a mob thing? - Decker designs armour for KBC Systems. He says they knowingly sent defective armour to Iraq. The Justice Department believes him so they moved him to a safe house. Does the Justice Department think Decker is in danger? He thinks he is. They want him to testify, they play along. Does Decker know his wife is dead and his child has been kidnapped? - No, and they don't want him to. - Why? - It might prevent him from testifying. - Nothing can be gained from him knowing. Except he doesn't testify and they don't kill his son. Shouldrt that be his decision? It's estimated KBC Systems is responsible for 30 deaths and hundreds of injuries. It's complicated. His wife is dead and his child is missing. That's not so complicated. - No one's stopping you from investigating. - He's a witness. I need access to him. Decker didn't kill his wife - he was in custody of US marshals, so start looking someplace else. Harsh reality, Booth. Deal with it. - Does he not like me? - I don't know. (Bones) I'll stay on Polina Decker's remains. I'll talk to the victims' families - the ones not under federal protection. You think a corporation would actually kill a woman and kidnap her child? Billions in dollars, plus civil suits if they're found guilty? I've seen people killed for $50. - You believe the boy is dead? - I have to assume he isn't. Why? It gives me something to look forward to instead of dread. Given a choice I avoid dread. - OK. It's logical. - Is it? Why dread something that hasn't happened yet? Yeah. That piece of can'tilage we found in Polina's mouth - antihelix and meatus remnants. - It's an ear? - Chen says it was bitten off. The victim bit off one of her attacker's ears. I heard someone found a fingertip in their chilli once. Dr Chen also found vestiges of earwax. OK, get that wax to Hodgins. See what he can find. - <i>How come I have to learn to ride a bike?</i> - <i>Are you really asking... or just stalling?</i> - <i>Mm, stalling.</i> - <i>Yeah. Thought so.</i> - Why'd you stop? - What are we hoping to learn from this tape? We know Carl Decker didn't kidnap his own child. The mother is dead, and the boy... And the boy might be dead too. I'm just wondering, what is the benefit of watching this? You put faces to names, get a sense of people. You're the anthropologist. What does this tell you? Learning to ride a bicycle is a kind of rite of passage. - It has anthropological significance. - Really? It carries meaning beyond the simple mechanics of learning to ride a bike. - Are you being psychological? - No. Psychology is about the individual. I'm speaking to a set of cultural proxies and mores. What the hell are you talking about? The father is tight. He's holding his arms, touching his mouth. - So he's nervous. So what? - Look at the boy. He's relaxed. He's not afraid. - So then why was the boy stalling, huh? - He's not. The father is. The son knows that on some level and he's enabling his father to reach a level of comfort. - It's a symbiotic relationship. - "Relationship." That's psychology. The boy trusts his father absolutely. He's confident. The father wishes he didn't have to do this, but he's accepted that he must in his role as a father. - <i>(sniffs)</i> - What? Probably felt the same about being a whistle-blower. That's psychology, and it's of no use to us in this investigation. Just push "play", OK? - <i>All right, you ready?</i> - <i>OK.</i> - <i>Be careful.</i> - <i>Don't make him nervous, Polina.</i> Push me, Dad. Let go. Let go. Not yet. Let me go, Dad. Let me go. - <i>(Polina) Not yet. Run along with him, Carl.</i> - <i>(Donovan) I can do it.</i> He's doing it. He's doing it. Be careful. Be careful. How will we get him back, Carl? That's the real question, isn't it, Bones? How do we get the boy back? They left this morning very early, about 5am. Donovan is on the swim team. Oh, my God. - You and your sister were close? - Yes. When Polina and Carl separated, she and Donovan came to stay with me. This is terrible. Can you think of anyone who'd want to hurt your sister? It must be Carl. Maybe he was afraid she would take Donovan away from him. - Would she have done that? - No. Never. - You don't like your brother-in-law. - He's supposed to be brilliant, I know. But he is also cold, angry. Everything has to be just so. - Why did Carl and your sister separate? - Polina said he was having an affair. I thought, "Who'd want him?" But she found credit card receipts from a motel he went to once or twice a week. When she confronted Carl, he was furious, wouldn't talk about it, so she left him. Please find Donovan. Find my sister's boy. I found cracks in the victim's upper incisors. There are also bilateral fractures in the femoral necks. There are similar fractures in the proximal humeral heads. The body went into spasm as it burned? If she was burned alive. I'll have Angela run some scenarios. Angela's in a security review. - 25 addresses in six countries in eight years. - That's weird, right? - What were you doing in all those places? - Different things. Mostly looking. I'm an artist. - When did you last see your husband? - My husband? Yes. Oh. Oh. Wow. You mean that actually took? Really, it didn't seem legal. We were in Fiji. There was a fire dance. You know how those things can be, right? - I really don't, Ms Montenegro. - Right. - And do you like working here? - Sometimes, yeah. Not always. But there's also a sense of accomplishment. And Brennan needs me, so I feel a personal connection there. But the world's a big place. Frankly, I'm emotionally ambivalent on the subject. Was that the wrong answer? I should be more "This is the bestjob in the world." Right? Am I going too fast here? Am I treating you too much like a therapist? Do you want to stop... actually? Cos... we could pick this up later if you're... Yeah. Carl Decker is not only a disgruntled employee, he's... uh... What's the term? As a lawyer, the legal term is "nuts, and a pain in the ass". "Oppositional defiance disorder and paranoia" is what I read. Like I said, nuts and a pain in the ass. Read where? Paranoia - you read that where? You had Carl Decker investigated? He's making damaging allegations against the company. False allegations. Who would kill his wife and kidnap his son? - It wasrt us. - I didn't say it was. Oh, please. We have to top your list of suspects. Look, we have an in-house system for dealing with whistle-blowers. We encourage it. I served in Vietnam, Agent Booth. I saw what soldiers see. If I read you correctly, you know what I mean. Army, 75th Regiment. "Rangers lead the way". I'd never risk soldiers' lives by knowingly providing them with defective armour, and I welcome Carl Decker's appearance at the grand jury, because he is wrong. Carl Decker did brilliant work for us, but he alienated everyone he worked with. You should look for your murderer and kidnapper elsewhere. - Where have you been? - I'm a field agent. I was out in the field. There was a piece of an ear in the victim's mouth, like she bit it off. - The ear may help us. Did you find anything? - A lot. No reason for the attitude. - I beg your pardon? - It's not like you've been doing all the work. - What have you found out? - The victim and her husband had problems. She found motel receipts. I got the motel's security tapes. - Angela can use her fat recognition program. - <i>Mass</i> recognition program. Whatever. Maybe we'll be able to find out who Decker was seeing. Is Angela in her office? The FBI pathologist found no smoke in the victim's lungs. Meaning? The victim was dead when she was burned. There was clotting in the lungs as well. - Troublesome. - If the fire was hot enough... No. For clotting to occur, superheated air would have to be drawn into the lungs. Which wouldn't happen if she was already dead. - Something else caused the clotting. - Angela has the tapes. The broken teeth could be from particularly violent seizures. Epilepsy? There are several causes of acute tonic muscular contractions. - Poisoning, drop in blood sugar... - Is this a good time to speak with Mr Addy? Considering you had to interrupt him to ask, probably not. Take Hodgins. - I demand a lawyer. - I don't need Dr Hodgins, I need Mr Addy. - If I demand a lawyer, will I get out of it too? - We all demand lawyers. - I'll wait. - Why aren't you interviewing me? It won't be necessary. They think my dossier is complete. They think they know everything about me. - They're wrong! - Be happy they're leaving you alone. I'm happy. Don't worry, I'm happy. You know, the ear you found - there's no way it's her own ear? Right? - How could it be? - That's what I'm saying. - What? - It's definitely not her ear. - How could she bite off her own ear? - Chromosome tests make it a male ear. Seizures. Seizures could be due to low blood sugar, electrocution, infection, head injury, brain tumour, a sudden lack of oxygen in the brain. - Electrocution. - What? The broken teeth, the fractures, the clots in her lungs. She was electrocuted. That much damage to the teeth could only result from multiple violent spasms. Dozens. She was tortured. - For what? - To find out where her husband was. - At least pretend to interview me. - Your file is complete. No one has interviewed me in two years. No one has ever interviewed you. Right. Yeah, let's play it your way. Your cousin was appointed to a very high posting in the government. - My cousin with a bad rug? - It doesn't affect his job. It should. It demonstrates a denial of reality. - Appointed to what very high posting? - That's classified. In what part of the government? Or is that classified too? As a potential embarrassment, you were checked out. - What kind of embarrassment? - You're a conspiracy buff. You're paranoid. OK, OK. So you're telling me that my toe-chewing moron cousin was appointed to a secret post in a secret part of the government you can't tell me about, so you compiled a secret dossier on me, but I'm the one who's paranoid. We don't use the word "dossier". What was the finding? I still work here, so... - Harmless. - "Harmless"? I'm harmless? Yes. You do not pose a viable threat. Well, that's just insulting. If you want me to interview you, I will, but I'll only discover what we already know. You are benign. I am not benign, lady. I'm not harmless. - I'm malignant. I'm a loaded cannon. - Thank you. I know things that would curdle your blood, including a formula that does curdle blood. Excuse me. She's wrong. I'm dangerous. Carl Decker is 1.7 metres tall and weighs 58.2 kilograms. - An ultra-marathoner. - Being lean should make him easier to find. - Not him. - I talked to Pickering. - Was it awful? - Actually, I found it... cathartic. - Well, his head's down. What do you think? - No, he doesn't move like a runner. She knows a lot about us. It's creepy. - It's confidential. - Couldrt you get the file? - Probably. - Then it's not confidential. That's him. That's Carl Decker. Fast forward - see if he shows up with anyone else. Back up. Freeze on that guy. Can you zoom in? (Angela) Hm. A secret life can cause marital strife. - He was having an affair with a man? - For all we know, he's meeting a hit man. Doesrt look like a hit man. Print the picture. I'll see if he's in any of the databases. - And when we find him? - Haul him in, check he's got both ears. I'll let you know what happens. - Could we start, please? - Any time. I can do two things at once. Mr Addy, I require your full attention. No, you don't. But I'll give it to you. I need to establish that you are not a threat to the security of this country. I have a degree in forensic anthropology. I study engineering. Are you afraid I'll build a race of criminal robots to destroy the Earth? - Do you have that kind of fantasy often? - Very often. Does it concern you that such thoughts are a sign of emotional retardation? I've been told. I'm working on it. - Can you understand why that concerns us? - Not really. Hypothetically, you have a piece of information... - Secret and meaningful information? - Yes. The security of the country's at stake. - Could I bribe you to give it to me? - No. - Threaten you? - No. What if I made a reasonable rational argument, very persuasive? - Merely persuasive? - Irrefutable. I make an irrefutable argument as to why you should give me this information. Would you? Not without checking with Dr Brennan or Angela first, see what they said. Agent Booth, if he'd talk to me. He probably wouldn't. I'd ask Dr Hodgins but he'd say it was all part of a conspiracy, so I mostly only take his advice... on women. - 480 volts. 350 amps. - I beg your pardon? It's sort of secret information I probably shouldn't tell you. Any other questions? Good. Good work, sir. I only posted his face on the hot sheet 20 minutes ago. My boss is the United States Attorney General. You're not doing my career any good putting me on the hot list. Special Agent Seeley Booth, meet Assistant US Attorney Ken Weeks. I was hoping you'd turn out to be gay... or have only one ear. I get the gay thing a lot because I'm so cute, but the one-ear thing - that's unique to you. You're Decker's Justice Department handler? Carl Decker was my prime witness against KBC Systems. "Was"? Did you get fired cos we caught you on some motel surveillance cam? They lost him. A material witness for a specially convened grand jury, and you lost him? The guy's pretty smart - genius level. Do you have any idea what it's like - to interact with those types of people? - A little. So what made him run? Decker insisted upon talking to his son every day. This morning we couldn't get Donovan. He panicked and ran. The marshals will find him. Doesrt matter. He won't testify after he finds out about his wife and child. Might as well pack up that grand jury and send everybody home. I get the chance, I'll give him the "don't let your wife die in vain" speech. It might work. Do you think this company is capable of putting a hit out on Decker? Kill his wife, kidnap his kid? KBC Systems sent our boys into battle with faulty body armour. In my book, you can do that, you can do anything. - If Decker's smart, how will they catch him? - Forget Decker. Ourjob is to find his son. - If Decker doesn't testify... - We can't assume they'll let the boy live. - Surely KBC won't... - We don't know who hired these guys. KBC, military, disgruntled shareholders, or someone we haven't even thought of yet. - What? - You told me not to jump to a conclusion. - No offence. - You were right. It's just I usually tell you. (Booth) Our relationship has taken a new turn. - 480 volts, 350 amps. - Polina Decker? The voltage it'd take to cause muscle spasms so strong they'd fracture bone. - That's not household current. - They used a generator. Zack, you are smart. Zack! Zack! This guy Decker, he's like you. He's in the whole stratosphere IQ-wise. - What's his IQ? - It's 163. Oh! He's not where Zack is. I'm in the ionosphere. The point is that Decker escapes the US marshals, tries to contact his wife and finds out she's been killed. - What does he do next? - His IQ's not a variable. Intelligence doesn't determine what you do but how effectively you do it. - It depends on what kind of person he is. - Well, you know, he's a loving father, estranged from the mother of his child. - Sound like anyone you know? - Back out of my space, buddy. Zack's right. If you were in Decker's position, what would you do? Bucar four with accessory proceeding to 4413 Elstree, KBC Systems, requesting local backup, possible 1031. - <i>(man) Roger that.</i> - Did you just refer to me as an accessory? You asked me what I'd do if I were Decker. They kill my wife, they take my boy, I go to the source of the problem. I take 'em out. Take 'em out like...? Oh. - FBI. Seward in? - Yes, sir. Secure the building. Nobody in or out. I enjoy your company, but at times like this you give me something extra to worry about. You enjoy my company? (moans) - <i>(man)</i> Make the call. - FBI, Mr Decker. Drop your weapon. Now! Nothing's changed. Make the call, or I'll blow your head off. - He wants me to call his sors kidnappers. - Tell them to release my boy or you die. It's that simple. - You can shoot me after that. - I don't know... - Mr Decker, Agent Booth is an excellent shot. - I'm not afraid to die. - For God's sake, shoot him. - Mr Seward, please shut up. What you're trying to do, save your son, that's not gonna happen if you die here tonight. Be rational, Mr Decker. What you were planning has failed. You have to adapt. Adapt how? All I want is for my son to live. You people just took away his best chance. - <i>(Pickering)</i> Do you know a Lily Marsden? - Yes, I do. - Have you had sex with her? - This falls under your purview? - Lily Marsden is an environmental extremist. - She's in Earth Now. You give money to Earth Now, don't you? And the Sierra Club and Habitat for Humanity, the opera, and public radio. Lily Marsden has been arrested for breaking into animal labs, torching SUVs, trespassing on military reserves, dousing citizens wearing fur with red paint... Dr Goodman, if you have had or are having sexual relations with Lily Marsden, - we have a problem. - Why? Because an illicit sexual relationship gives her leverage over you. This makes you a security risk. I'm a married man, Ms Pickering. I'm faithful to my wife. Please define your relationship with Lily Marsden. I enjoy talking to her. We argue. She's a nut, but she's a smart nut. She's... always interesting. She's never dull. - So you... - Talk to her. It's a bad sign when discourse becomes suspect. - You talk to her? - Sometimes we yell. You want to give me one good reason why I shouldn't charge you with attempted murder? - You think I went after him out of vengeance? - Looks like that. KBC Systems hired people to kill my wife and kidnap my child. Think rationally for a minute. If KBC Systems is behind the kidnapping, Seward would be the person to call it off. A rational human. How did you find yourself amongst these people? We are trying to help. Excellent. Hold your gun to Trent Seward's head and force him to let my son go. There's no compelling evidence that Trent Seward ordered the kidnapping of your son. I personally calculated the penetration tolerances for the combat flakjackets. The company found my calculations to be excessively conservative. 30 soldiers died. Trent Seward will do anything to prevent me from testifying. He or someone working for him kidnapped my child and killed my wife. If you want to get Trent Seward, tell that grand jury what you know. And the kidnappers will kill my boy. With respect for what you're going through emotionally, sir, Mr Weeks is not wrong. This is my son. I love him, and if there's even a slight chance that I can save his life by shutting up, then that's what I'll do. Shut the hell up! And what about the soldiers? Analytically, I understand that many lives outweigh the one... but I cannot trade my sors life. Have you considered that your wife will have died in vain? Shut up. If you had protected Mr Decker and his family properly, we wouldn't even be here. Let's go. The only way that I will testify... is if I see you with my son. Mr Decker, you and Donovan, you have a codeword? Something to let him know that you sent me? "Paladin". Tell Donovan "paladin". Paladin. Defender of the faith, protector. Suits you, Booth. You know what? You tough guys are all very sentimental. I have results on the earwax. I ran the particulates through the gas chromatograph and found the pollen of <i>Eragrostis curvula</i>, known as weeping lovegrass. - Where does one find weeping love? - That's found worldwide. But weeping lovegrass? That's in South Africa. Anything else? Traces of automotive-grade asbestos. The guy didn't have very good aural hygiene. Dr Brennan. - What, now? You've got to be kidding. - Take me. I'll waive the lawyer. I have a few surprises in me. Tell that to your superiors at the NSA. Booth, we're looking for a one-eared South African. - South African? - Does that mean something? There's a number of South African security consultants companies use to do their dirty work in the Third World. They're really mercenaries. - <i>He might be a mechanic.</i> - You can tell that? He had traces of what is probably brake pad in his ear. - How'd that get in there? - <i>Any number of ways.</i> Most likely his hand comes in contact with asbestos and then he scratches his ear. Hello? Are you still there? - I'm on my way over. - What's the matter? Somebody sent me Donovan Decker's finger. An eight-year-old boy? That's consistent with what I'm looking at. You should send this to an FBI pathologist. They'd give me fingerprints and DNA. We know who the finger belongs to. I need more. Like what? You gave me a South African mechanic from a chunk of burned ear. Do it again. Do it better. Do it fast. What? Start. Come on, do what you do. - You're kind of worked up. - You see facts but I see a terrified little boy with his finger cut off. Now, is he even still alive? Blood saturation levels are high. His heart was beating when they removed his finger. OK. - He's alive. That's something. - Who does this? Cuts a finger off an eight-year-old boy? Mercenaries, professionals. They don't feel a thing. - I feel things, Booth. - Never said you didn't, Bones. I'm a professional too. I do better work if I only see the finger and not the child. That doesn't mean I'm like them. I know that, but what I also know is that they made a big mistake sending us that finger. - Because it made you mad? - Because you're gonna use it to catch them. So, you gather up your squint squad. Let's get to work. Did you kick the ball? How far did it go? Backwards? <i>(laughs)</i> Yeah, I can kick a ball. I'm gonna... Daddy's gonna show you on Saturday. I'm gonna see you Saturday, OK, Parker? OK, I gotta go, bub. I love you. I'll see you Saturday. Bye. What have you got? The finger was severed using a hatchet on a wooden surface. - Cutting board? - No. Older, unsealed pine. - I'm thinking a mechanic's workbench. - Why? Traces of lead and methyl tertiary-butyl ether on the bone. - The nail was bitten to the quick. - The kid was nervous. You would be too. - MTBEs have been in gas since the '70s. - But there's lead here as well. Leaded gasoline was phased out between 1975 and 1986. Asbestos from brake pads, leaded gasoline, a mechanic bench, plus the mother was electrocuted by current from a generator. We want an abandoned gas station or a mechanic shop off the grid. You're geniuses. - How do we find that? - I work for the FBI, you idiot. Way to go, Zack. We went from geniuses to idiots in three seconds. - Tell me what you were doing in Cuba. - Only if you tell me first. - I beg your pardon? - I don't know your security clearance. - What is <i>your</i> security clearance? - Check with the State Department. - I'm from the State Department. - Then that should make it easy for you. When you were in Cuba, did you meet with a man... named Juan Guzman? Hello. It's Dr Brennan from the Jeffersonian. You told me to call you if anyone asked about... you know... him. Someone from the State Department named Samantha Pickering. Pickering. Yes, sir. Yes, I'll wait here. - Any more questions? - No. Uh, no. In fact, the entire review is suspended. I'm to wait here until someone comes to destroy my notes. We might have the kid. Polina didn't make any cellphone calls after she was kidnapped, but nobody turned it off. When she left her coverage area, the phone was assigned a new routeing tower. - You could triangulate her position. - To within 75 square miles. There were six abandoned gas stations in that area - five urban, one rural. SWAT'll check them all, but I think it's the rural one. - Why? - Cos I used to do this kind of work. - Rescuing people? - Or being the person to be rescued from. Oh. If I had a choice, I picked an isolated area. This is an abandoned truck repair depot. - SWAT will meet us there. - Why don't we ever take my car? - Do you have bulletproof vests? - No. That's why. The FLIR imagery gives us three adults within the structure. - Boy? - No reading. - Probably because he's small, hypothermic. - Entirely possible, sir. What's the play? I go in first, straight for the kid. You do what you do. All right. - What about me? - Wait outside. - I don't want to miss anything. - These guys aren't like anyone you've met. Please, just be someone you aren't for the next ten minutes and you hang back. Please. (Booth) Ten o'clock! (man) Get down! (man #2) Through the back! (man #3) All secure! - Donovan, don't look at him any more. OK? - No! - Don't look at him any more. It's all right. - No! No! Get away! Get off! Get away! Donovan... paladin. OK? Paladin. Paladin. OK? Paladin. Come on. Come on. (sirens) (Donovan sobs) All right. You OK? You good? It's all right. It's all right. Is my dad crying? I think your dad's crying because he's happy. He's happy he got you back. - Well done. - I hope you're really good at yourjob. - Why's that? - Cos you got nothing else going for you. He's a father himself. Thank God I always had the sense not to let that happen to me. All right, thank you. You think KBC hired the mercenaries? We'll let the grand jury figure that out. We did ourjob. It's not often I get to help save someone. When you catch a murderer you save his next victim. - This is different. - Yeah. Still glad you don't have kids? Yeah. Why? Looking at that boy and his dad, I thought you'd change your mind. No. Still glad you do have a kid? Gladder today than yesterday. - Doesrt make any sense. - Yeah, it's complicated.