black walnut tree back here. We can get 15 grand for one tree. This is government property. The road said "closed" in big red letters. So, we get in, we get the wood, we get out. Is this it? What are you, a moron? This tree is coniferous. Carnivorous? What? It eats meat? No, numb nuts. Needles and cones. Those don't look like cones to me. Oh my god! How could you have hired him? - Your father was the best candidate. - Are you sure? Dad is an excellent liar. He's an excellent science teacher. - I called the school where he taught... - 15 years ago. And after 15 years, they still remember him. They named their lab after your dad. - I thought you'd be pleased. - Well, you were incorrect. - Is there a probation period? - Yes. Well, what would please me is if you terminated him at the end of that time. OK, kids, everybody put on their goggles. Hello? Hi, honey. Okay, ready... aim, fire. - The light refracted. - Yeah, now why is the light visible? Because the Jell-O molecules are close together. - Yeah, but that's not magic, that's... - Max K, the Science Way. Science Squad, meet my daughter, the world famous anthropologist, - I taught her everything she knows. - Actually, I went to college. I have multiple degrees. Well, tell the kids a little something about refraction. Snell's Law states that the angle of incidence is related to the angle of refraction, where V equals the wave velocities through the respective media and N equals... Nifty. That's very nifty. But what was your favorite example when you were a kid? Rainbows. Rainbows. I love rainbows. Yeah, rainbows. She used to make me drive her all the way across town, to the other side of the rainbow because she didn't believe that light came out of the bac of a raindrop. Yeah. So, are there any questions for our scientist? - Me, me, me. - I have to go examine the frontal bone of a dead person's skull. Maybe another time, kids. Gee, dead person's skull. Ain't that a kick in the head. Most likely a wind deposited them there. That seems most likely. The bones didn't come from the ground, they didn't come from the sky, that leaves the wind. People over there need to clear out. Those people over there are looking for the rest of that. They are right in the middle of the masked booby migration path. Masked booby?You're kidding. The Department of Fish and Wildlife does not kid. You just have to give me a minutes, and you can have your boobies all to yourself. What do we got? This one's a portion of the sacrum. Definitely human. There's char marks. Oh, God. You know I hate when you sniff and smell dead things. Fresh burn. Days or weeks rather than months. - I found a hyoid. - He found a hyoid. Dead guy's hyoid. "Guy" as in the sexually nonspecific urban colloquialism or in reference to the gender normally associated with a penis, Mr. Bray? The penis. Similar char marks. Any fires in the last couple weeks? - No. - The body of the hyoid is fractured. - Strangulation. - This man was murdered. We'll need to search this entire area. According to my scientists, your boobies are out of luck. Bones - Season 04 Episode 11 "The Bone that blew" Synchro: ShalimarFox Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Hey, good afternoon, Agent Booth. Wish I could stay and chat, but I gotta go pick up my new employment ID. - Guns of steel. - You work here now? Max? You work here now? I can still make out the accelerant pour pattern victim must have been doused postmortem. I'll have Hodgins run it through the mass spec. - Your dad works here now? - Not my idea. She wants me to fire him. - Why? - This is a crime lab. My father is a bank robber and an accused murderer. Booth's killed more people than Max has and he works here. Don't bring that up. In fact, Dr. Brennan, you've also killed a person. And I'll point out, Max was never convicted. So, in the eyes of the law, he's never killed anyone. - Why are you defending him? - Why aren't you? He is your father. Whose sperm hit whose egg shouldn't determine who works here. He's showing kids arnd the museum. What can it hurt? Let's get to work, please. Nothing definitive on cause of death. We don't have a lot to work with. I did find an anomaly. The victim suffered a compression fracture sometime between 3 and 6 months prior to his death. - Why is that an anomaly? - Compression fractures are normally associated with osteoporosis, but but the sacral vertebrae haven't even undergone final fusing. Not even 30 years old. The fracture must have been the result of trauma. A motor vehicle accident, parachute jumping. It would have been very painful. 20-something with a bad back. You gotta give me something here more to go on. I would love to give you more, but that would involve fantasy, which would be futile. Excellent. I'll check my e-mail. It's your lucky day, Booth. We ran the victim's bone marrow. We got a hit on the Armed Forces DNA Registry. Here's your guy. - Calvin Warren. - Force Recon. Marine Corps Special Ops, toughest of the tough. The kind that parachute out of airplanes and get vertebral compression fractures? You are a genius, okay? Did the Marine Corps say where this guy got to? They don't know. Warren was honorably discharged three years ago. Marines tried to track him down, see if he wanted to re-up, checked his credit cards and bank accounts, - he's totally off the grid. - Would his back be bad enough to medicate? - Yes. - Fine, I'll just order a search of the controlled substance database, I'll see if I can get an address. You guys can go back to your bone play. Can you believe how light this thing is? I'd say six grams. No way these bones were burned in an ordinary wood fire. A wood fire burns at 800 degrees Fahrenheit. Human flesh needs 1,400 to ignite. Why do you know that? My uncle is a funeral director. Crematorium will incinerate a grown man down - to 5 or 6 pounds. - These weren't cremated. The bones would be drier, the flesh would be completely gone. That the burn was hotter than wood fire and cooler than a crematorium. That's a thousand-degree range. I may be able to I.D. the accelerant. I think we need a broader picture of the burn conditions. How are you gonna do that? We could experiment. Is that what you're after here? You'll recall I mostly disapproved of your experiments with Dr. Addy. You didn't disapprove the results. You have me there, Dr. Hodgins. I can't tell if we're doing an experiment or not. Not. See, I... I don't see what the problem is. It's a crime lab. You're a convicted felon. Your presence taints the evidence. But I'm not gonna be around any evidence. Basically, I'm just gonna be firing lasers through stuff. Oh, look, there's the doc that told the jury that I was a sociopath. Hey. Please, sit down, Doc. How are you? Likeable sociopath. So, Cam wants Hodgins to design an experiment to figure out how hot a fire was. Yeah. How hot a fire was that burned a body. - What body? - The bones in the tree-murder victim. Which is a crime we cannot discuss. Yeah, but I know exactly how that experiment should go. You aren't adequately credentialed to design an experiment, Dad. Can I ask what's really going on between you? Tempy doesn't want me working at the Jeffersonian. Why? It's a conflict of interest. We catch criminals, my dad is a criminal. - That would be valid... - Thank you. ... if it were your real reason, but it's not. - Yeah, yes, it is. - No, it's not. - Yeah, yes, it is. - No, no. - Yeah. - No, it's not. No and this can't be resolved between you until you confront the real reason behind your feeling. What do you say it is? Well, at the time you abandoned your daughter 15 years ago, you were a well-regarded science teacher. Now... here you are basically in the same situation. And subconsciously, she doesn't want to risk feeling that sense of abandonment and bereavement again. That is such a load of crap. You are far too rational for that. Exactly. FBI got a hit off the controlled substances database. I just got off the phone with Booth. Cal Warren had a prescription for Oxycodone written by a Dr. Antonia Ezralow, office in Chevy Chase. Could she provide an address? Dr. Ezralow has never heard of Calvin Warren. Plus, she's a dermatologist. Very rarely writes prescriptions for pain medication. So he probably stole her prescription pad. Here's his MySpace page, and I have to say he doesn't look much like a drug dealer. What a waste. Tall, dark, handsome and dead. Too bad he's blocking his address. Well, let's see. This is the house across the street. Now, if I were a house number, I'd be right about here. I crop it so all we got is the reflection. Reverse and resize. Tweak the contrast, find some edges. "3-2-9-4." So he's across the street from 3294, but what street? Well, 1880-ish architecture, square bay front. Let's assume the D.C. area. Check out the lamppost. Yeah. It places us in one of the two where they still use those cast iron modified bishop's crook street lamps. For an artist, you're a good detective. I think you just insulted me. Now, I do a search for 3294 in those two zip codes, and I come up with... Mad skills, babe. The landlord said that Cal Warren worked crazy hours, you know, he kept to himself. Every time the landlord asked him, what he did for a living, - he always dodged the question. - Maybe he liked his privacy. What? So much that he pays his rent in cash? I don't know, Bones, something is weird. It's not right. There's no letters, no photographs, not even a bill. So did you persuade Cam to fire Max? You think my dad should be allowed to work at the Jeffersonian? What, you know, she's just, trying to do you a favor. - Well, I didn't ask for a favor. - Sometimes you don't need to ask. Got a passport. This guy's been to countries I haven't even heard of. What is this? I don't know. It's something you're familiar with? Foreign currency, lots of it. Booth found this in tall, dark and handsome's drawer. It's an RF proximity card. And that would be...? Basically, it's a super fancy key card. You wave the card in front of the reader it logs your infoand the door opens. Any way to figure out what door it opens? Well, if the info on the card isn't too heavily encrypted. I heard you tried to get Hodgins interested in doing an experiment. Let's just say I planted the seed. - What? CIA? NSA? - No. Dupont Circle. Special Agent Booth, FBI. Welcome to the Woodbury School. How are you? What's with all the security? It's precautionary. Our student body includes chdren of diplomats, heads of state, CEOs. - How old is your child? - Parker? He's seven. - Has he been evaluated? - He does just fine. Most applicant families engage an educational consultant. It's not a requirement, of course, but... Mr. Donnegan, I think you got this l wrong. I know it seems crazy, but given the demand, we can only accept the most qualified applicants. Parker's a great kid. The problem is keeping him that way, isn't it? 68% of our students matriculate to Ivy League universities. And it's not because of our electron microscope or AP classes. It's because of our Honor Code. Any violation results in immediate dismissal. Why don't I get you an admissions packet? Actually, I'm... I'm here because of a murder investigation. - I'm sorry? - One of your parking access cards was found in the apartment of a victim, Cal Warren. He's not a parent or an employee. I would know the name. - Maybe we can check your computer. - Of course. No one is issued a key card without security clearance. Thanks. One of our fathers actually implemented the security system. He's deputy director of the CIA. Really? There he is, Calvin Warren. Did he happen to work for the CIA? No, actually, he works for the president. Of the United States? Parents Association. As a nanny. A nanny? 28 grand a year. I didn't pay that much for 4 years of college. If you think it's so ridiculous, why did you save the application? I didn't save it. I just didn't have a chance to throw it out yet. You don't have to be embarrassed. It's perfectly normal to want the best for Parker. Public school was good enough for me, it's good enough for my kid. Of course it is. Probably. What's that supposed to mean? Parker is a bright, engaged little boy. I'm sure he'll do fine in a large classroom. - I did. - Except... - Except what? - Your dad was a science teacher. You're a scientist. Yes, my education was enriched at home. That's what I got to do. Enrich Parker at home. In what academics are you qualified to offer enrichment? Well... Ethe could you grab my bag, please? I am on my way to the Children First board meeting. Thank you. Wexler has the groomer at three. - Excuse me. Elisbeth King? - Yes? We're the FBI. Do you know a Mr. Calvin Warren? He was my nanny. - What happened? - That's what we're investigating. Cal dropped off the face of the earth on Sunday. He was an excellent nanny. Well, how is it that an ex-Special Ops guy becomes a nanny? My husband, Richard, handles defense contracts. The Middle East, South America. There were kidnap threats a couple years ago, he was concerned. He offered Cal $2,500 a week. That's very good pay for a babysitter. Cal was more like a bodyguard. That's what got him killed? Someone after my children? Could we speak to your children? Of course. Okay, so what time on Sunday did you last see Cal? - Why? - Because it's pertinent to our investigation. - Wei shen me ta wen zhe ge wen ti? - Bu zhi dao. - What? - Mandarin Chinese. My father says the Chinese will run the planet in ten years. He figures it'll be useful. - That's very smart. - Okay, well, here, today, okay, I run the world. Bun tyen-shung duh ee-dway ro. He just called you a stupid, inbred stack of meat. Really? I'm sorry, do you ha something to say to me? Dui bu qi. Xie xie. He, he apologized. Good. So, you want to tell me what happened on Sunday? Well, Cal dropped me off at the algebra tutor around 8:00, then took Lexie to check out a new horse. In the afternoon, you had a game against All Saints. Lacrosse. I got this. Let's see. And Cal took you to the emergency room? No. He knew one of the moms was a doctor, so he figured she'd do a better job. Looks like the work of a plastic surgeon. No, dermatologist. Dr. Ezralow. Very competent. The Royce boy was stitched up by the same doctor who said she didn't know Cal Warren. I'm having her brought in for questioning. You think those kids are better off than Parker? Of course they are. They have every advantage: a wonderful school, a successful father, mother committed to charity work. I spend more time with my houseplants than they do with their kids. Children of privilege have always been raised by staff. It's how the upper one percent stays the upper one percent. Assuming quality education and adequate supervision, parents are actually rather irrelevant beyond a certain age. - You're kidding me. - Look at this. They start Latin in third grade. That's fantastic. No. You know what's more important than academic enrichment? A loving environment. You ask anyone. Parker is a wonderful child, Booth. You shouldn't feel inadequate. I'm perfectly capable of raising my own kid. - You're being defensive. - I am not. It's because you only have one child. When you procreate in multiples, there's less pressure. Thank you. I feel much better. This way. Have a seat. I apologize, Agent Booth. When you called and asked if I knew a Calvin Warren, I just didn't put it together with the King's nanny. - So you did know him? - Yes. But just as Cal. My son is on the same lacrosse team as the King boy. Did you have any more dealings with him? I'm afraid not. Actually, no, that's not true. I'm sorry, again. Calvin came along with us one time when I took the, King children up for a ride. - A ride? - I'm a pilot. I own a Senecaive. Cal got sick, and, well, the boys thought that was hilarious. You wouldn't happen to know how Cal Warren got a prescription for painkillers from you? Isn't that obvious? That's why he brought Royce King to me to be stitched up. To steal my prescription pad. I have no further questions, so, thanks for coming in. I feel stupid for not being able to put the face with the name. - I'm so sorry for wasting your time. - No worries. Have a nice day. So you know that thing where you insist that all information goes through you? Yes, and I'm afraid I'm immovable on the subject. And you send out little e-mails summarizing the case so far? Yes, plus I check those e-mails to see if they've been opened. - That's a very good system. - Thank you. Because if you weren't checking, I probably never would have read the e-mail that said Booth questioned a flying dermatologist. I hope you're not trying to get some free lotion. I ran the accelerant sample through the GC mass spec. There were traces of tetra-ethyl lead. - Have we changed the subject? - No, if you hadn't been so anal about the e-mails, I never would've known that I discovered something that wasn't merely interesting but vital to the investigation. Which is tetra ethyl lead? Tetra-ethyl lead was a common antiknock additive in gasoline that went out with catalytic converters and unleaded gas. Does the flying dermatologist drive a vintage car? Maybe. But for sure, the flying dermatologist flies a plane. Aviation gas? The victim's remains were incinerated by aviation gas. I'll let Booth know. Hopefully, she hasn't flown the coop while you were getting to the point. I was just trying to be nice. - You lied to me. - Yes. I wrote Cal a prescription for painkillers. I shouldn't have. - That's the truth. - Yeah, but not this time, Doc. Now that I know that you're a world-class liar, I came just a little bit more prepared this time. Take a look at that there. My flight logs... - for the past year. - Yeah. Oh, looky here, this one here. Right here. Yes, I took Cal flying a few times. Without the kids? This one here is my favorite. This particular flight to New York. You were gone the whole weekend. All right. All right, I'll tell you what you want to know. No, my husband didn't know I was having an affair with the Kings'manny. Would I have killed Cal to prevent him from finding out? No, I would not. Why? Because my husband doesn't give a damn who I boff. Do I know anyone else who might wish Cal ill? Yes. Richard King. Don't stop, this is great. Keep going. Cal told me to sell a stock. He said he had some insider knowledge that, this company was in trouble. I took the tip, made a killing. That's when I flew him to New York to say thank you. And he said "you're welcome" all weekend. What's this have to do with Richard King? It was Richard King's company. - How's that look, Max? - Good, looks good. Never thought I'd be doing another experiment. Dad, what are you doing in here? Max had a great idea for an experiment. Dad, you said you wouldn't touch evidence. He's been very careful not to touch the evidence. You know, your old man, he reminded me why I got into science. - To catch murderers? - No. To figure stuff out in amusing ways. The bones were incinerated by aviation fuel. They just need to know, uh, how strong the wind was basic. So, figure out how big a wind blew the bones... Check the weather charts. Basic, that's very basic. But this is the same wind tunnel you helped me build for the science fair. Right, a basic wind tunnel, honey. You won first prize. I made casts that weigh the same as the bones we found in that tree. All right, now... we put the skull cast into the wind tunnel since that was the largest artifact on the tree. I didn't touch anything. The bone begins to move at wind speeds of 42 miles per hour. Not enough net force to achieve aerodynamic lift. But crank it to 69... I checked the National Weather Service. There were windstorms in that area last week. A strong nor'easter hit 71 miles per hour late last Tuesday. That gives us a 48-hour window for Calvin Warren's murder. We still don't know where he was killed or where the body was dumped. - Wait a minute, I can figure that out. - Dad, you're fired. What? The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The NOAA tracks surface conditions. We can calculate where the bones started out if we can plot approximate mass and reverse the path of that nor'easterly. The heavier remains will still be near the original dump site. - You see, I'm helping. - Oh, most definitely is helping. I'm sorry, Dad, but you're fired. You took part in a forensic experiment. You said you wouldn't, but you did, so now you're fired. He didn't touch any of the evidence. It's okay, kid. Never mind. Nice assist, Mick. Now take him out quick. No, Mick! Pass it! Pass it! Hi, Alexa. How are you? Shouldn't you be like, studying algebra, Chinese or solving the world's problems? I'm cheering for Royce. He's the goalie. I watch football. It's a better sport. It's American. Lacrosse was invented by the American Indian. You can't get much more American than that. - Oh, God, what now? - I'm thinking about this whole insider trading thing. I told you everything. I'm thinking Cal gives you a tip on a stock, you sell it, you make $2 million,$3 million, it raises questions in my mind. How did Richard King find out that Cal spilled insider knowledge? That's right, Bones. I don't know. Well, where were you between last Sunday and Tuesday night? - Who is she? - Don't get jealous, Doc. Just answer the question. I was in San Antonio doing skin grafts on a firefighter with third-degree burns. - You've got your own plane. - You had time to fly back. You really want me to believe that Richard King killed Cal. Cal Warren's remains were incinerated with aviation gas. I didn't kill Cal. You know what, she lies a lot. I don't think she can help it at all. - Here's my lawyer's card. - She's decided not to cooperate. No, I've decided to watch my son play lacrosse. Here's the surface weather for Tuesday night when that nor'easter blew the bones into that tree. Now, that red X, that's the tree. The bones must have traveled along this vector. Now, given the duration of the gust and the terrain obstacles, lift off must have happened somewhere between here... and here. That's on the edge of Queen Anne's and Kent County. Good job, excellent experiment. Don't thank me. Thank Max Brennan. How's it going there, Max? That's the last day with my kids this afternoon. I'm toast. Cam fired you? No, no, Tempe fired me. And don't tell me she hasn't got the authority, because, believe me, I feel fired. Sorry, Max. Can I ask you a question? Sure. You, are you... - Are you sleeping with my daughter? - No. Why? Are you gay? - No. - Is she not attractive enough? - Bones is beautiful. - Is it because of me? Because I killed one man, and we both know he deserved it. Right, just cut it out, Max. I'll talk to her. Probably ain't gonna get anywhere with her, but... - I'll talk to her. - You're a good man. And I want that for her. And now I got to go blow up some soda for some kids. Okay, according to the calculations, the bones must have started out from somewhere in this vicinity. You know something, Bones? It's tough being a father. Parker will be fine. Peer groups and random environmental factors are far more important than family. How's that a good thing? Over here! Agent Booth, over here. This must have been where the... body was burned. You think? Femur, pelvis... sternum. Gunshot trauma to the sternal angle. The buckshot embedded in the anterior surface indicates that the murder weapon was a 12-gauge shotgun. - I thought Cal was strangled. - He was. Strangled, shot and set on fire. Someone wanted to make sure he didn't get home. Hey, Bones, look at the family crest. Looks like that someone came from king's country home. Mr. King, we'd like to ask you a few questions about your nanny. I really don't see how I can help you, Agent Booth. My wife deals with the staff. You own a 12-gauge shotgun? Yeah, several. You're welcome to examine them. Two months ago, Cal gave an investor insider knowledge about your company. - I didn't know that. - And if you had known? I suppose I would have tried to fire him. Tried? I don't think that Elsbeth would have allowed it. Was she having an affair with him? Oh, Bones, such a good one. You two need to learn focus. - Excuse me? - Focus. Focus. Either accuse me of killing Cal because he betrayed business secrets or because he had sex with my wife, and then once you've chosen, then contact my lawyers. I'd go with the business motive. I'm very happily married. Okay, that guy is one cool customer. Cool like a murderer? No. I don't know, okay? I just don't see him losing his temper or taking on some Special Forces vet, that's all. All right, do you think that dog comes with a saddle? Follow me, Bones, will you, for a second? What's going on? What are you doing? Are you going to urinate in the gas tank as an act of vandalism? You kidding me, Bones? I would never do something like that to this fine Italian automobile. Beautiful car. It's Italian, Bones. Just remember that. Italians make the best automobiles. Yeah. There it is. Okay, Bones, give me, one of your little baggies. - I didn't bring evidence bags. - Thanks. Appreciate it. We're not at a crime scene. Why would I bring this bags? You always have evidence bags on you. I've... I've decided I'm gonna leave the Jeffersonian. Why? Because I fired him. - You can do that? - Yeah. Believe me, she can do it. Well, it's all about proximity to forensic evidence. Don't take any offense, but that's a lot of crap. It's about proximity to me. Right? Well, in my opinion, it isn't your father's presence that's causing you anxiety, it's the memory of his absence. I can understand quantum mechanics, but I can't understand you. Well, make it easy. I'm leaving the Jeffersonian. You are? - But I'm staying with you. - What? In my house? No, no, no. Why, is that an offer? No. Would you... Would you want me to offer? No, but thanks for the offer. It wasn't an offer. It was a question. He isn't saying he's literally staying with you. He's promising never to abandon you again. I'm sorry, but if it wasn't for that evidence thing, I'd let you keep your job. That's simply not true. Hey, it's all right. We're good. Nothing I say has any impact. I should get back to work. Oh, geez. Did she leave any money? - About the fractured hyoid... - Yes? I was just remembering about a tapeworm. - I going to need more than that. - There was a tapeworm in the line. The one that went to the beer keg. I was working as a barback a couple years ago. There's no flow from the tap line. First assumption: kink in the line, OK? What else could it be? There was a tapeworm in the line. Eight inches long. - I learned something from that. - Drink bottled beer? The tap don't flow, you assume the line's got a kink. The guy's hyoid is broken, you assume he died from getting strangled. You found a tapeworm? I mean, metaphorically? Yeah, but I don't know if it's a tapeworm. I need Dr. Brennan. I am so your most valuable player. Now, this is the profile of the accelerant we found on the bones. Aviation gas. And this is the profile of the gas we took off Booth's tie. Richard King's car runs on avgas? He could have siphoned it out of his own car to burn Cal Warren's remains. And what is this anomaly? C6H8O7. Citric acid? It's my considered belief that Agent Booth spilled orange juice on his tie. I look forward to seeing him explain that to the jury. Booth, it's Cam. I think you're going to want to getyourself a warrant to arrest Richard King. Fractures on the transverse processes of the C2, both sides, and the spinous process. And check out the occipital protuberance. Oh, yes. Maybe this will help Booth keep Richard King in detention. Cal wasn't strangled postmortem. He was dragged. Strangulation is the kink, dragging is the tapeworm. The pattern of marks is evenly spaced as if it were from a series of connected prongs. What would do that? A choke chain. Richard King's a big strong guy. I don't see him dragging a dead body around on a choke chain. That's because he didn't. The angle of the fracture is 18 degrees. Assuming a standard four-foot leash, whoever dragged the victim is at most five-five. So, you're sure you don't want your attorney present, Mrs. King? - Let's just get this over with. - Okay, sounds good to me. Here's, what I'm thinking. I'm thinking that, your country home is less than a mile from the spot where Cal's body was burned. You had access to the shotgun, the aviation gas... You know how many people work for us, Agent Booth? Every single one of them had access. Yeah, I don't think any of them really would have cared if they found out that, Cal Warren was trying to destroy your husband's company. You have a nice life. I'm sure you got really angry when you found out that it was all going away. You don't understand. It wasn't about the money. I had to protect my family. What do you think? In my professional opinion, she didn't whack him. What? Come on, Cal betrayed them. Come on, Sweets. For once, you're right. - Embrace the win, my friend. - I'm sorry, but it's Kinesics 101. You pushed all the right buttons, but instead of her ego defense system triggering a stress-response state, she went straight into a tacit confession. Right, which means... she did it. No, it means she didn't do it. But she wants you to believe that she did. Why would she want to do that? She's covering for someone. The only honest thing that she said was that she had to protect her family. So we're back to square one. Sort of. Geez. Let me ask you something. I mean, you're a smart guy, you went to private school, right? Yeah. With perfect attendance through sixth grade, might I add. That's great. You don't think that I'm a lousy dad for not sending my son to private school? No, but you'd be a lousy father if you didn't torture yourself about it. Thanks. Hold on. Booth. I reviewed the placement of the shotgun pellet wounds. The trajectory indicates that whoever shot Cal was significantly shorter than Mrs. King. - I don't think she did it. - Right, thanks. You see, we got a court order for your cell phone and your laptop. You know nothing you text or IM is really private. I knew that. Really? Because, you know, we checked your text messages, and, we found one from a couple weeks ago that's a little weird. This one is from the night that Cal was killed. "Bring it over now. Parents both gone." - Stop this, Richard. - No, I want to hear it. It turns out that Alexa, here, had a project due on Ancient Greece. You spent three days complaining about it. - Why didn't you just do it? - I didn't want to. - It was stupid. - Stupid? - How about this one? - "D manny will do it. He can't say no. He works for me." But Cal really did say no, didn't he? Because you paid a hundred bucks to somebody else to do it for you. Someone by the name of Dakota Shearcroft. Oh, my God. Yeah, I think it's a stupid name, too. So what happened? Did Cal catch you? He threatened to tell the school. - Why wouldn't he have just told us? - Cal said you wouldn't do anything. You never do. - He said I had to learn a lesson. - What kind of lesson? They would have kicked me out of school! Zero tolerance. My friends are at that school. I got the gun out of the garage and I shot him. Mom came home and saw. I drove the body to the country house, took it into the woods and burned it. She's my daughter, I had to protect her. No, you did what you always do. Make everything bad go away. It's counterproductive to raise children in a world without consequences. It looks like little Alexa here is going to have to come face-to-face with some pretty nasty consequences. But not the kind of consequences you're going to have to face, Mrs. King. Okay, Parker, this is called the candy mint-soda experiment. You can do this for your dad at home. So, Mom copped to conspiracy to avoid a trial. - She'll spend some time in prison. - How much? Not enough. My opinion, she ruined that little girl's life. What about the little girl? Removed from the family, institutionalized for a couple of years. Then it's back to ponies and tennis lessons? Well, Caroline should charge her as an adult. She's 11 years old, Bones. Yeah, she's old enough to speak Chinese. They don't take that into account. Man, when that little girl killed Cal she killed the best father she had. Well, sometimes it's hard to appreciate what you've got. Look at him, Parker has never liked science before. Are you still thinking of sending him to Woodbury? I torched the application. I'm thinking there's something to be said for middle class. You sure he's going to be all right? Sure. Well, probably. Probably, like, what do you mean, probably? What the hell are they doing anyways? Disrupting the surface tension of a two-liter cola. Right. Is that the last one?All right, put it in the tube. And then we'll both take a step back. Don't fire Max. Let him keep his job. He's a teacher, he's not a janitor. I can't overlook the sanctity of the forensic lab, Booth. Yeah, maybe you can overlook it for me. For you? Yeah. Personal favor. What, like a partner thing? A partner thing. I know you, Booth. You're trying to do me a favor by telling me it's a favor for you. No. No, I... I can't afford that school. I can't enrich Parker, not with the science thing, but... you can, Max can. Do it again. Daddy! Daddy, look what I did! I blew it up! Yeah, I saw little man. Look at my dad! Look at my boy there with your dad. Okay. Yes... - All right.