here, Sherman? You are, Denise. Who's the park ranger? That'd be you, Sherman. That's why I know what killed him. Scared camper drilled him with a Winchester Magnum .338. I get it-- you're afraid I'm not showing respect to the bears spirits. Because I have better things to do than wait around for you to tell me what i alread know. The law says I have to send in as much information as I can. Age, weight, what he last ate... Ooh, yummy. Hot dogs, refried beans... What's that? Beef jerky. Beef jerky? Yeah, he was in hyperphagia, eating everything he could find before going into hibernation. What? Sherman, this is... Oh, God. Looks human to me. - Sorry. What's the deal? Found in eastern Washington state. Where? Inside a bear. No, I mean... Inside a bear? An autopsy revealed more bone fragments in the bear's stomach and intestine. An autopsy on an animal is called necropsy. Yeah, you know, it's pretty crucial we get that straight right off the bat. Meanwhile, about the dead human being? What do you need me for? The bear ate somebody. 26 bone fragments in total. The case bumped to the Seattle field office. They bumped it to me. Check it out. Why'd they bump it to you? Bones, I mean, do you really care about the inner workings of the FBI office? They bumped it to you because you work with me. No, they hope that you could help ID the body. From a hand?? Yeah, they have high expectations. Definitely human, opposable thumb, probably male, from the size. - Uh-oh! - What? Kerf marks. Marks made from a cutting tool. Maybe when they cut en the bear? No, it's not a straight edge. Residual cross-section striae. Hmm, just because you say in that definitive tone doesn't mean it means anything to me. These marks we made from a saw. The hand was already separated from the rest of the person when the bear ate them. Somebody was dismembered and fed to a bear? That's one possibility. Okay, um, thanks, Bones. Glad I could help. But, uh... you're not done. I'll check out the photographs and the X rays, see if I can confirm sex and age. Pack your bags. We're going to Washington state. I am not going to Washington state. Again, just because you say it in that definitive tone, doesn't mean it means nothing to me. Why Booth is the one who decides we go to Washington state? He gets a gun and the authority. He's the one that people like. Firstly, he didn't decide that you go to Washington State. He made a request. I am the one who decides where you do and do not go. And secondly? Secondly, it's time to live a little, Temperance. Connect with other people. Are you suggesting that I take this opportunity to have sex with Booth on a field trip? Good God, where is Dr. Freud when you need him? I don't understand what you're saying. Which is precisely why I´m sending you to the Great North Woods. Come on, now. You have partially-digested, dismembered skeletal remains to examine. That should put a smile on your face. The mosquitoes out there are the size of dogs. pack and set the perimeter BONES 1X04: The Man in the Bear Transcript: cfsmp3 Sync: Narkond, Roberto, Dedek0 You know, being cooped up in a crappy hotel in the middle of nowhere with a $50 per diem is not my idea of a good time either, you know. You only get $50 a day? How can you live on that? Okay, what do you mean? What do you get? I don't have a limit. Just give them the receipts. Oh, no, you have to have a limit. Everyone has a limit. We work for the government. I don't have a limit. But it's not fair. It's not fair to the taxpayers. You're like one of those thousand-dollar toilet seats. I imagine i´m a pretty differently than you because I have an indispensable skill. Right, indispensable... I do not need you. Oh, so you can determine the origin of the kerf marks as well as the sex and age of the victim? You know, u're a smart ass, you know that? Objectively, I'd say I'm very smart, although it has nothing to do with my ass. You know, I'll tell you what. You can take me out to dinner, hmm? Put me on your tab. That doesn't seem ethical. You still want that gun, now don't u-- hmm? We'll start with breakfast. You know, it's beautiful here It feels good to be out of the city. Yeah, where murderers feed their victims to bears. Small town America. Got to love it. No, this is not a small town. Chuntala in Guatemala, 150 people, no running water. That's a small town. I said small town America, not small town Guatemala. And I've been there, too, by the way. Where are you going? To see the sheriff. How are you going to do that? It's an old FBI trick. I'm going to ask somebody who lives here. What took you to Guatemala? Eco-tourism? I went down to shoot somebody through the heart from 1,500 feet. I was pretty sure it was human, but I'm a vet, so I called Andrew, Dr. Rigby, and he thought it was human, too. Officially I'm the coroner here in Aurora, but I'm just a country doctor. I have no training in forensics. This is approximately 60% of the arm of a male, late teens, early 20s, well muscled. That's amazing. You see these marks here below the radial tuberosity? You haven't by any chance performed any amputations lately, have you? Uh, a few frostbit toes last winter, and a thumb from a nasty Murphy bed accident. Why? These are saw marks. That's not good, people getting sawed up and ate by bears? I'm going to send this back to my lab. My people there can give a better estimate of how long ago the bear ingested the arm. You got pretty good equipment there, I guess. I'm still on dial-up. What's the fastest way to ship a human arm Charlie Need a hand? Thanks, but I'm trying to get rid of this one. These are human remains. I have to ship them to the Jeffersonian Institute in Washington, D.C. Cool, they have Dizzy Gillespie's trumpet there. Yeah, I know. Muhammad Ali's boxing gloves Abm Lirahaoln's assaination top hat. I know, I work there. You ever sit in Archie Bunker'chair? I work in a different part of the museum. I'm a forensic anthropologist. - My name's Charlie. - Yeah, I know. Wow. What, you could tell from my, like, skull structure? It says it on your shirt, Charlie. Where can I find the sheriff? He's out past the garage to the right. Hey, Temperance Brennan. I've been reading your book. Gave me a few ideas if I ever want to kill someone and get rid of he body. Well, don't forget, Charlie, the heroine always catches the bad guy. Sounds good to me. These are false start kerfs, which suggest a hand saw. The cut marks on the break-away spur... Here it should give me the number of teeth per inch, but... to me, it just looks broken. I could work it up into a three-dimensional image. See if that helps. Dr. Brennan could do it from this. Not when she was a lowly grad student, Zack. Upload all the digital info that Brennan sent you into my mainframe. And lighten up, dude. You know, somebody cut that guy's arm off, Sheriff. Couldn't be a local. Somebody missing an arm, that's something you notice. How many people live in Aurora? 326 in town, another couple hundred in the unincorporated surroundings, maybe 1,200 on the Indian reservation. Tourists? Hikers, campers...It's beautiful country, so they don't realize how dangerous it is. On average, we lose a couple of pople a year. Cycle of life, eh? Lose anyone recently? Woman, 29, Ann Nuyes from Olympia. Disappeared a couple weeks ago. Her parents say she was an "experienced" hiker. Must have some resident crazies. Juvenile bush drinking, a couple of domestics, a bar fight or two, joy riding. The only felons we have arpoachers. They shoot the black bears and sell the gallbladders on the black market. Park ranger handles that stuff. Can I help you? Yeah-- thanks. I'm with him. Suddenly I wish I was FBI. Sheriff Chris Scutter, Dr. Temperance Brown. My first forensic anthropologist. Please. We need to find the rest of the body. Sherman-- Ranger Rivers-- traced the bear's route back a week. Said he didn't find anything. What is he, like, some kind of an Indian scout? Sherman's a Flathead Indian, but since the bear was wearing a GPS collar, he didn't have to fully utilize his native powers. Did he check the scat? What, do you think there's more people parts in the bear crap? We could maybe go out with Sherman tomorrow, take a look. Oh, yeah, now that you met Bones, you're all about the inter-agency cooperation Bones? I don't think that´s a way to talk to a lady. Thank you. Do you have... dinner plans? We're working. Thanks for that. All I'm saying is, why cut somebody into pieces? Pack them up tighter maybe, say, in a suitcase. How did a bear open a suitcase? I saw a documentary once where a bear go in a car and drove away. That was not a documentary, it was a cartoon. Hello. I'm looking for Zack Addy. I've got a package of human remains. Yeah, I can sign for that. Where's Jimmy? Tahiti, Fiji, who knows? He won the lottery. Is it too much of a line to say, "No, we won the lottery"? It is, yeah. You know what? I take it back. It's just, compared to you, Jimmy, you know... - The third nostril... - That whistling sound when he sneezes. Unfortuny, it is too soon to ask you to have coffee. It is? Yes, yes. Coffee is the third delivery capper. So what's the first delivery capper? Initial contact, meet cute, light flirting. Then I'll catch you in another couple of deliveries. Ok. Tchau. You bogarted my package. You panicked and froze, my man. Thus, the package came into play. Also incorrect use of the verb "bogarted." I've been looking for that female hiker since she went missing. But sometimes you never find a trace. They fall in the ravine, the river... So how do you like the Evergreen Lodge? Very nice. I have a beautiful view of the mountains from my terrace. You have a terrace? - Yeah. - I'm sharing a bathroom. This is where the bear was shot. - How far did he get before he died? - About a hundred yards. How do you know that's the right way? Not hard to track a wounded bear. Ever hear of the bone gatherers? Collecting bones so that the dead can make their journey to the next world? I'm not even sure I believe in the next world. Doesn't matter what you believe in. You're a bone gatherer. That's a good thing, helping the spirits move on. Thank you. It's probably the best job description I'll ever get. Over here. You find something? Does a bear scat in the woods? I think he voided here, and he... headed off over there. See if you can fin dy older samples. She ain't the squeamish type, is she? I'm gonna go out on a limb here, Sherman and guess you don't get a lot of eligible good-looking women coming through town. Hey. I just finished chapter 7. - This has to go to my... Do you do all the stuff the girl in your book does? I'm... suddenly uncomfortable discussing that with you. No, I-I'm not talking about the sex. I'm talking about the running and the shooting. I mean, if you... do do all that other stuff, that's great, too, for... you and, um... whoever you're...doing it with. I'd like to send this to my lab. Yeah, more bones? No, it's bear scat. Oh, I can deal with that. Brennan. The person who belonged to the arm died approximately a week ago and the bear ate it between one and three days after that. Anything from the saw? Angela's entering the data into the holographic display. I found something else I can't categorize. Can I beam it to you? Okay, hold on Do you mind if I place the laptop here? Uh, yeah! No problem. Give me a second. I´m connecting with the satelite. Okay. I´m link. ...been focusing on, Dr. Brennan. - Who's that? - My assistant, Zack. Hey, Zack. - Who's that? - The overnight guy, Charlie. Okay, I'm set up-- you can send me the picture. - Hey, Zack, does your boss have a boyfriend? - Not currently. - Are you extremely good looking? - Yes, I am, Zack. Zack, these are bite marks. You mean from the bear? No. Black bears have premolars that are small and peg-like. These marks show a doub cusp pattern. Pigs are double cusped. - Hey, Zack, are you extremely smart? - Yes, I am, Charlie. No, pigs have six incisors. These marks were made by four incisors, like a chimp, except... these teeth form a continuous arch. So what's got a continuous arch? Humans. We don't just have a killer on our hands, we have a cannibal. Zack'll have the odontologist at the Jeffersonian take a look, but I'm right. A canibal? You mean a Hannibal Lector type... deal? I don't know what that means. You're certain a human being gnawed on that bone? Bit, gnawed, removed the flesh. That's-that's really not good. Are you sure, Bones? You've never see anything like this before? Of course I've seen this before-- I did grad work ong the Wari of the Amazon. They have a long history of cannibalism. I've also seen evidence of cannibalism in some 12th-century Native American sites-- it's not that big a deal. Have you ever...? I've never been offered human flesh before. But if you had? That's an interesting question. I'd have to measure my own social inculcation against objective scientific inquiry. 'Kay, that's sick. Maybe we're looking for someone who needs to be rescued. Maybe the young man died, and the missing girl, hungry and lost, came upon him needing food, and she... Sawed him up and... barbecued him? Well, there's no evidence that the hand was cooked. She does not look like the type of girl who would chew on raw flesh. You'd be surprised. When survival instincts kick in... If it isn't her, then we're dealing with some psycho cannibal killer. This is sick. Someone eating raw human flesh is going to get sick. Teeth marks? Yes, and these drag marks are where the flesh was ripped right off the bone. It's ike a zombie movie. Where is my bear poop Is it the excrement you're anxious to look at... or the courier? What do you think? Somebody gnawed on this arm like some kind of man corn? According to that Peruvian soccer team that crashed in the Andes, human flesh tastes like frogs' legs. As if I need another reason never to eat frogs. We're gonna make a cast of these markings. We won't get a full dental impression, bu'll at least get something Zack. You're needed upstairs. Angela. If we were a Peruvian soccer team and crashed in the Andes, Who you would you rather eat, me or Zack? What? - I have a package for Zack Addy. - That's me. I thought...There was the other guy. That was Hodgins. He zoomed you, because you're so beautiful. Thanks, that's sweet. I-I'm not being sweet. It's just a fact. - How old are you? - Twenty-four. Twenty-four. I could just eat you up. Have you diagnosed anyone rently with a prion disease? A prion disease? No. Some Alzheimer's, yes. Some brain damage due to alcoholism Delusions, erratic behavio violent outbursts? The incubation period for a prion disease can be years. You're thinking the cannibal might be showing symptoms of mental deterioration? Dr. Rigby, I never said anything about a cannibal. Well,it's all over town. Charlie, the overnight guy. What do you think our chances are of keeping this quiet? I'd say absolutely zero. You knew I was waiting to see her again. You said you were waiting for your bear poop. I said, "Are you excited about the excrement or the courier?" and you said, "What do you think?" And you actually thought I was excited about excrement? You have to be clear. What's that? A piece of undigested bone. Metacarpal. I think that goes with my hand. Part of a tin can. Elastin fibers. Some kind of sporocarp. Here's something. Hair follicles. Sebaceous glands? There's a layer of dermis. Pigmentation marks in the macrophage. A flap of skin with a tattoo. We need a tatoo expert. It's fairly simple. Uh, two colors, red and black. Some kind of native design. She likes me more than she likes you. She said I was sweet. I made her laugh at Jimmy's third nostril. That's pretty good. Making a woman laugh at a third nostril. We have a tentative coffee date. She said she wanted to eat me up. Zack's definitely ahead on points. There it is. The skin in the scat has a sun on it. - What is that, a haiku? - It's a tattoo. Hi, Booth. Hi. I'm Angela Montenegro. - How you doing, Angela? - Angela, focus, please. It's a Haida sun motif. Good work, very impressive. 18 to 25-year-old man, Haida sun tattoo on his arm? Hey, Booth, I have kind of a thing for tattoos. You got any? Angela! I'm sorry, sweetie, but what's with that town? You getting anything going with that hot overnight guy? Angie, we're trying to work. Is that town totally wasted on you, sweetie? Because I'd take this as a sign from God to loosen up. You know what they say-- "What happens in Aurora stays in Aurora." Hey. I'm running a missing persons check using the new info on the tattoo. She seems very friendly, your associate. She's 3,000 miles away. I'd send away for a Russian bride. Adam Langer, 22. Missing ten days from a college in Richen Wait, I know this kid. He used to come up to visit Sherman. He wanted to be ranger. Look, I've known Sherman for years. I can't believe he had anything to do with this. - Hey, Sheriff. - Sherman. Mind if we come in? You guys here about the cannibal? We can´t talk about official business. How's about some tea? Sure. Oh, yeah. What'd you do that for? Give you a chance to look around, get a sense of the man. The raven spirit. In some Native American stories it has a cannibalistic element. He went out back. Give me a flashlight. No way you'll catch Sherman Rivers in the woods. Just search the place. Sherman, stop! I don't know if a wall of knives is evidence, but it sure is creepy. Hey! Stop. Is there a saw? Yep. I want to take it. See if it matches the cuts in Adam Langer's bones. See if this matches the teeth marks. You've got to be kidding me. As Justice of the Peace, I authorize you to open that locked freezer. Thank you. What kind of meat do you think that is? I send it a bunch of frozen meat by overnight air I need to know what it is as soon as possible. Think it's human? Maybe, it's a funny color. So did you catch the guy? No, Booth lost him in the woods. Whoa, wait a second! I didn't lose him. Well, you didn't catch him. So you two have the night free. Yes, we can't do anything until I get a determination on that meat, and Booth has to wait until it's light to look for the guy he lost. I didn't lose him, okay? I... He... Tell her that my flashlight died. She doesn't care. What? Give me the phone. It's not safe to drive and talk on the cell phone. Are you two figh? Professional pride. Tell her, please, tell her that. Booth wants you to know that he lost the guy because his flashlight died. And because he's an Indian and he's a park ranger, and he's very, very familiar with the territory. Tell her that. Did you hear that? Yeah, something about Indian territory. Yeah, she says she understands. I need to know about that meat as soon as possible. Yeah! I´ll tell Zack. Give me the phone. Hold on. Plus... What? It wasn't even my flashlight, okay? It was the sheriff's flashlight, and his batteries, they ran out, okay? Good night, Angela. Hey, you have to take that man for a drink. And have a little fun yourself. Fun and a drink, where do we find that? So I was surprised to see you here. In your book you never sleep until you get your man Well, that's not me, that's just a character. In real life, you have to wait for lab results. I see, well, lucky for me. I don't know, I'm afraid I'm not a very good dancer. Apparently I lead. So, I'll follow. Hey Booth, wanna a beer? What you need sheriff? You know, I climbed with Adam sometimes. I was kind of freaked-out when I found out it was his arm You knew Adam Langer? I taught him how to climb. Man, he was strong. No matter how much I lift, I could... I could never match him. You do have... excellent definition in your biceps and triceps. Well, thanks. And your waist muscles feel good, too. Transverse abdominals. Thank you. So that meat we sent back to your lab, that wasn't more of Adam, was it? I can't discuss it. Excusez-moi. Dr. Rigby. I thought rescue you. I can't imagine you and Charlie have a lot to talk about. We were managing. Look, um... I guess it looks pretty bad for Sherman, huh? I can't discuss the investigation with you, Dr. Rigby. Look, Sherman is a Flathead. The spiritual beliefs of his tribe don't value cannibalism, they never have. Well, anthropology teaches us that beliefs and customs evolve. That's why you can still find cannibalism practiced today. So wait, you can justify the act of eating another human being? I can understand it intellectually. I shouldn't be talking shop. Not with such a beautiful woman in my arms. You really think you can match the bite marks on Sherman's apple with the bite marks on that kid's arm bone? I don't really feel comfortable discussing a case on the dance floor. Well, I'm the sheriff. We're colleagues. Mind if I cut in? Thought you might need a break. What happened to your shirt? Well, we're in a bar. It's a look. Sorry? For information on the case. Bones, they're only pretending to be interested in thease. Why? They're hitting on you. - Are you sure? - Yes, I'm sure. You're the hottest thing this town in a long time Check out the competition. Now that is someone who wants to eat your heart. Ooh. Very pretty. Lovely. It's a sporocarb called tririgbosum, after a week in bear poop. Thank you for ruining my moment. It's a mushroom-- an Oregon white truffle. They're a microrisal species that only grow in symbiosis with Douglas fir trees. Are Douglas fir trees very, very rare in the woods? No. Then you really haven't found anything useful, have you? No. Want to get something to eat? No. Ah, you're expecting a delivery tonight. Zack is. And you're going to zoom him. Like the Indy 500, baby. You didn't come down for breakfast, Bones. I wasn't hungry. Sorry you had to pay for your own meal. I called your room, there was no answer. Why the sudden interest in my morning habits, Booth? Well, I just thought we were going to get something to eat. You know? So I waited. And my eggs got cold. That's all. Cold eggs. This is where my flashlit failed You mean my flashlight. And how can you be sure? Because this is where I was standing. A shirt button? And I heard him disappear in this direction. Leaving buttons on the trail. Must be an old fish *** trick You mean a snake eater. An old snake eater trick. Were you here all night? Yes. Did I miss Toni? Yes. She asked about you. You torpedoed me, didn't you? No, I told her the truth. you were sifting through excrement. You want a war? Fine, because I am the warrior. Zack? I got the measurements for your saw from the Angelator. Now all you have to do is find a match. Say thank you with gifts. Did you work all night? Yes, I shaved the truffle. Is that anything like spanking the monkey? - I found boring dust. - Is there any other kind? Boring dust is produced by beetles. Which means the tree the truffle grew on was infested. That's not going to impress Toni. That's not why I did it. I did it to serve justice and capture a murderous cannibal. That'll impress the hot courier. I'm back in the game. No way you'll catch Sherman in the woods. He's a park ranger and an Indian. Right there. . He's doing some kind of Indian ritual. - He's waiting for us. - Brennan. The meat samples you sent us were all Ursus americanus. Black bear. I didn't kill no one. Why'd you run? You're FBI. Ever hear of Leonard Peltier? Pineridge? Wounded Knee? Indians and FBI don't mix. He ran because he's the poacher. You're the poacher? Yeah, the meat we found in his freezer was black bear. No wonder you never caught him. I want a lawyer. You should be on the lookout for a patch of woods that's infested with Dendroctonus brevicomis LeCon. Hodgins says the bear dug up the arm in a stand of western pine beetle infested Douglas fir. Say you did catch a poacher. Say he was an Indian who shouldn't have to follow white man's law, anyway. Not even a park ranger? Say he could show you a stand of trees like that. Would you maybe let that Indian go? The saw is 300 millimeter with 32 offset teeth per inch, with a wobble factor of 1/100th of an inch. Wait, that's a common hacksaw. That won't help us much. Dr. Brennan, I'm just wondering if you're going to be sending us any more samples. Yeah, uh, even more of the same samples, you know, in case we want to double-check the data. I'll let you know. Do you think she'll send more? God in heaven, I hope so. Japanese, right? They pay a fortune for that bear meat. They think thgallbladders fix up their pecker troubles. Would have got away with it, if you hadn't kept the meat in the freezer. I'm not admitting nothing. He couldn't bring himself to waste the meat. This patch of trees is all infested with beetles. According to the GPS, the bear was here seven days ago. That fits the timeline for the arm. What a we looking for? I'm guessing we're looking for a shallow grave that's been disrupted by a hungry bear. Or maybe some kind of satanic Stonehenge circle. We see this kind of thing all the time. Kids come up here, get baked, do their own version of The Blair Witch Project. I don't know what that means. It's a horror movie, Bones. Didn't make any sense. Scary, though, with the bloody handprints. Ang, I'm going to beam you some stills of what looks like a ritualistic Indian site-- a medicine wheel of me kind. is thing legit? What am I, a shaman? Dr Goodman is an expert in Native American anthropology. He should be able to tell you what it means. Symbols, Indian site... Sherman, you're looking guiltier by the minute. Oh, shut up, Chris. You know better than that. Hey, you're a poacher, man. I sure as hell didn't see that coming, either. Got something? Waxy leaves. It means methane gas leeching from the soil. Like a body? That's Adam Langer! Uh, there's a woman here, too. Ann Nuyes, the hiker. And she´s missing her heart. It's a perversion of a Salish medine wheel. This is the spirit chief, Chichayilmaytchu. The southern most stone should represent strength. The center of the wheel should represent life force. But this is upside down and inside out. We're dealing with a cannibal. I suppose you could interpret this as a way of taking energy from someone by eating their flesh. Zoom in. There. This is the symbol for the strength: the arm. This one is for spirit: the heart. This one for knowledge. And this is for courage. So we're looking for maybe a scarecrow, tin man or a lion? You say two bodies were found? Over here. They were dug up by a bear; one showing signs that his arm was eaten by the cannibal, the other missing her heart. There should be two more bodies to complete the ritual. They checked the site. There were only these two. If I've analyzed this correctly, it means there will be two more victims. Both victims were killed by gunshots to the head. These stellate patterns at the entry wounds indicate a low-caliber handgun at close range. That remarkable. Not really. Based on adiposear formation, I'm estimating the female has been dead for about A week? Very good. Thanks. Well, her clothing matches that of Ann Nuyes, and the male is Adam Langer. My people at the Jeffersonian tell me that the medicine wheel suggests a perversion of an old healing ritual. The cannibal may have eaten the arm for strength and the heart for spirit. Well, that makes sense, from a certain point of view. Do they think it's an Indian? No way to tell. I'm no policeman, but it doesn't make sense that Sherman Rivers would lead you straight to the evidence that proves he's a murderer and a cannibal. Adam was a good guy. He wanted to be a park ranger. I was a... what do you call it? His mentor? That's right, his mentor. Taking him out with me on my rounds, showing him the ropes of the job. Or maybe he had found out you´re poucher so you made sure he wouldn't talk. Yeah, so I ate his arm and ate someone's heart for dessert, because that's the type of guy I am. You know, he fits the description of someone who's missing an arm. Why didn't you say anything? Somebody says maybe they're going to come and visit. Maybe they do, maybe they don't. Maybe they go see their climbing buddy instead. Charlie? The overnight guy. Maybe sometimes they go visit a girl. What girl? I'm not comfortable saying. Well, maybe what, you know, with the, uh, murders and cannibalism, you, uh... you get past that discomfort? Adam had a thing with the vet lady. So did his buddy, Charlie. You know how jealously white people can be Um, in the interest of full disclosure, I've got to say I see Denise from time to time, too. What, you find that funny? You know the apple we found in Sherman's cabin? You get a mold? Zack? Yeah. The mold from the apple does not match the teeth marks on the bone. Thanks, Zach. So what does that mean? It means you aren't the cannibal. I already knew tt. The point was to convince us. What do we do now, start checking everybody's teeth in town? Not everybody. We consume. We are consumed. We're consumed by greed, by ambition, lust, jealousy. Dr. Randall, if u'd just like to... I mean, even just regular love is a form of cannibalism. Could you just put the dental medium between your teeth... I mean, the whole perfect idea of love is that two people become one. Now, that's a kind of consumption. We're talking something a little more literal, Dr. Randall. I need you to bite it Why didn't you report him missing? Because I would have had to admit that he and I were lovers. Why not admit it? Because it would have made another guy angry. What other guy? Charlie. And Sheriff Scutter. And Andrew Rigby, and maybe a couple others. Well, there is not a lot to do in a place like Aurora, so what you do, you do a lot. Dr. Randall, if you... can you just bite, please? And if I were your cannibal, would I have pointed out that there we human bones in the bear after the autopsy? An autopsy on an animal is called a necropsy. Yeah, there's a reason I get all the guys and you don't. Uh, let me tell you, if I ate Adam, there wouldn't be anything left. Here and here-- these look like tooth marks again. Okay. Byt They´re too regular That is 2.4 millimeters apart. Teeth aren't that exact. It has to be some kind of a machine. She was eaten by a machine? I don't know. We got a love triangle, quadrangle, octangle, whatever. Jealousy-- always a good motive. For murdering Adam Langer, maybe, but Ann Nuyes? And the cannibalism? No, we're looking for someone who's clinically insane. That whole rant thing the vet lady had about people consuming each other? That was wacky. Yeah, but kind of true, don't you think? Hey, Angela Sweetie, Zack wants to beam you something. Okay, hold on a second. See if you can tell what it is, but if you're in a public place, you might want to cover your screen. What am I looking at? Indentations on Ann Nuyes' sternum. Magnification? Forty. I can't belie both Dr. Rigby and I miss these. - Good job. - What are they? How far apart are these indentations? 2.4 millimeters. Okay, these marks and the splitting of the bone here were made by a sternum spreader. There's no record of Ann Nuyes having heart surgery. Moments like this are why I need a gun. Where else do you keep them? Thank you. That is for self-defense. Don't just go blasting away in there. What if I have to shoot? What part of his body should I hit? The part that isn't me. Just stay back. The bodies are gone. What's he going to do, take them into the woods for a late-night snack? If I were him, I'd destroy the evidence. Step away from the incinerator, Dr. Rigby. You don't understand. It's a spiritual right to share the life force... Look, you're nuts, okay? We get it. We don't need to hear the rambling psycho speech on why you did it. You're an anthropologist. You know that ancient civilizations would sacrifice some in order to preserve the strength... What'd you do that for? Nobody wants to hear that rambling psycho speech. A bedpan? Why do we have to face her togher? You want this settled or what? I'd definitely like this settled. What are you doing here? Are you kidding? It's like watching the Clash of the Horny Titans. Who'd like to sign for this? Who wouldn't want to sign for it? So the idea is whoever signs for this... Yes, the act of signing is an analog for choosing... She gets it. Oh. Oh. Oh. That is really sweet. Thank you. That is so hot. Why? Why is that hot? It'd be hotter if she'd choosen me No, this is definitly And to think I didn't want to come here with you. I mean, this was a fascinating case. You don't often find ritual cannibalism practiced so close to home. Which I find a plus. There are always those individuals within a species who are driven to break the most basic taboos. I mean, Rigby actually ate human flesh. Bones, my steak and eggs. Rigby has a prion disease, which means he's been a cannibal for quite some time. Do you realize when we go to trial, he could use the insanity defense? The guy is nuts. Yes, but is he nuts because he got a brain disease from eating human flesh, or was he already nuts the first time he ate flesh, or did he just lick his fingers after surgery? I should just become a vegetarian. Or, as an alternative, just don't eat people. You know, I'm going to come back up here this winter. Charlie says the skiing is great. Oh, it's Charlie. Yeah, the overnight guy. Yeah, I know who he is. I bet he's a great skier. His hips and thighs are perfectly developed for strength and mauverability. That's it. I´m done. What?