it's where Texas turns into Oklahoma. Oh, great, right in the middle of a jurisdictional pissing contest. Look, I'm out of water. Give me yours. Are y'all FBI? FBI Special Agent Seely Booth. This here is Dr. Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian. - Welcome to Oklahoma, ma'am. - Welcome to Texas, ma'am. Guy, welcome to the United States of America. - Where are the remains, please? - Oh, right here. Hardly any flesh left. It's very dry here, so I'm guessing the time of death was some months ago. How do you think they died? They left Oklahoma, hit Texas, then died of despair. Nope, they're definitely Oklahomans. If they were from Texas, they'd had sense to carry water. That wouldn't show up in the bones. No clothing. Might have blown away. Maybe a young couple, some kind of suicide pact? Sub-pubic angle suggests two females. - Lesbian suicide pact. - Definitely Texans, then. The victims were Pygopagus, or some would say Illeopagus. - What? - Greek? - Conjoined twins. - What's that? Siamese twins. The point of attachment is posterior. Joined at the ass. Definitely Texans. - So what do we got here, Doc? - It's a federal case, boys. The FBI will take jurisdiction. Conjoined twin births occur once every 85,000 births. The same frequency as hermaphroditic births. Oh, Mr. Nigel Murray, we've so missed your insights. - Thank you. - Why weren't the remains dispersed by scavengers? The depression in the earth suggested that that they were buried in an extremely shallow grave. The remains were spotted by an oil survey team from a helicopter. The question is, what exposed the bones? Well, there was a sandstorm in that area eight days ago. Sustained winds of 60 miles an hour, gusts of about 80. Their molars have not completely emerged and root development is incomplete. Indicating that the victims were between 19 and 21 years of age. Guys, hello? ID'ing them is not going to be a problem. How many sets of conjoined twins can there be? Over the last 500 years, approximately 600 sets. Over 70% women. I did not expect him to know that. Well, all facts are useful. It's just the context that shifts. I bet I could just go search for missing Siamese twins and find them in, like, ten minutes. By all means, give it a shot. The victims had two separate spinal columns fused distally at the lower sacral level extending to the pelvis. No other vertebral anomalies. Neither one of them could've survived the death of the other. So murder-suicide. Suicide-murder. - Or vice-versa. - That was vice-versa. Soil beneath the skeletons was full of weirdness. Quite a bit of decomposed cotton. We didn't see any fabric. Wow, it's decomposed. It's fairly cheap stuff, too. I think they were wrapped in a sheet. Naked, wrapped in a sheet. Sweets will've something to say about that. Also I found soil-dwelling mites: Genus Ameronothrus. Nearest place they could've picked up soil mites was hundreds of miles away. And decomposed popcorn. - They were killed at the movies? - I have a theory... The circus. Kind of stole my thunder there. But, yeah, yeah, the traveling circus. I found them. Already? - The circus. - The circus. The circus. "Abracadabra" was first uttered to cure hay fever. Conjoined twins wrapped in a sheet? According to Hodgins. It would help to know how they were wrapped. All the evidence is gone with wind. - No other clothing? - According to Hodgins. The murder didn't want anyone to identify them from their clothes. They're conjoined twins. You might as well buried them with their driver's licenses in their hands. Wrapped naked bodies often indicate a careful burial, or of course, sexual assault. You know what? That's creepy. We got to get going there, - Where? - Texas. That's where the circus is. Circus folk are extremely tight-lipped and close-knit. - They won't tell you anything. - How do you know? I... you know, I've read articles. You're the worst liar I have ever met. You read articles? Even I know he's lying. Okay, I'm adopted. You know what? My story isn't important here. No, it's very important. Go ahead. I... when I reached the age of majority, I tried to find my birth mother, a psychic who worked the circus and carnival circuit in Florida. Bio mom was a carney. You know what? Let's stay on track. The point is no one would talk to me. - Were you wearing a suit? - You'll be wearing a suit, they won't open up to you, either. I'm just trying to be helpful here. I suspect Sweets is right. I studied a carnival for six weeks as research for my cultural anthropology dissertation, no one would tell me anything. Even though I became quite adept on the high wire. Fine. If they're going to talk to their own, we will go undercover. - What? - If we're joining a circus, we'll need an act. I am quite adept on the high wire. No, we'll have a knife-throwing act. - I can't throw knives. - I can. I had the best knife skills in the Rangers. We're going to join the circus. We're going to join the circus. Bones - Season 04 Episode 12 "Double Trouble in the Panhandle" Synchro: ShalimarFox, IceFreak Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- OK, so we're going to talk to the twins'mother here in Ft. Worth, then we'll pick up our mobile home. And we'll join the circus right outside Waco. - "Our mobile home"? - Yeah, we're circus folks, Bones. We crisscross the country in a mobile home. I'll have the field office here paint up something special for us. Is that all you need to get a job at the circus, a mobile home? You know what? It's going to help. It's showy, we're show people. It's always possible that we'll talk to the girls'mother and solve this whole case tonight. - Right? - I hope not. What? I should've never let those girls leave this home. Worst thing that can happen to a mother, isn't it? Finding out that you outlived your child. - Unnatural. - Except for societies with infant mortality rates. My understanding is you tried to sue the circus several times, Mrs. Van Owen. It's Mrs. Hicks. Dell Hicks here is my husband and my lawyer. - Dell helped me sue the circus for... - Loss of income, alienation of affection, civil rights abuses, animal abuses, improper hiring, emotional distress, mental anguish... - Any of these go to court? - It's just a matter of time. - You really hated that circus. - They stole my daughters. I'll do anything to get back at them for that. - When did you last see your daughters? - Four months ago. They told us to butt out of their lives. Jenny did. If one of the girls wanted something, it was the same as both of them wanting it. If Jenny wanted something, then they both want wanted it. Didn't matter what Julie wanted. I took a look at their remains, and I had to wonder if you ever considered having them surgically separated? It was too dangerous. I disagree. So did Jenny and Dr. Muir. Well, Julie and I thought it was too dangerous. Your daughters disagreed on whether or not they should be separated? Dr. Muir's office here in Fort Worth? I'm sure you understand that my responses to your questions about the Van Owen sisters is is somewhat tempered by patient privilege. Well, they're murder victims, right? Patient privilege no longer applies. Ah, yes, of course. I've never had a patient murdered before. You thought that the twins could safely be separated. - Yes. - I agree. As did Jenny. But Julie and her mother disagreed. She and her... ambulance chaser husband tried to sue me. - So how did you leave things? - Well, in the end, it didn't matter what the rest of us thought. Julie and Jenny were going to have to come to an agreement. I wonder if they thought they could continue to work in the circus if they were separated? Well, they both loved the circus. Jenny told me once that they had some ideas on how to expand their act. Sounds like Jenny was the bossy one and Julie was a little nicer? They were like any other sisters. They had distinct personalities and strengths. If there's anything else I can do to help the FBI... Yeah, tell you what. Why don't you send, the records to the FBI in Washington. - Why can't you simply take them? - We have another appointment. Thank you for your cooperation. The FBI did a wonderful job with this trailer. Okay, just lose the Katharine Hepburn voice. I'm just trying to find my character, you know, acting. Well, don't. It sounds ridiculous, okay, Bones? What's my name there, Wanda? It's written right there on the side of the truck, which "high wire" is not. It's just sometimes you get irritated and you say "Booth" without thinking. I don't do anything without thinking, ever... Buck. Buck and Wanda and their Knives of Death? - Never heard of you. - We worked the Pacific Northwest, Canada, Alaska. I guess that makes you the beautiful assistant then? Wanda, yes. I'm also quite adept on the high wire. I got to admit, it would be nice to have a knife-throwing act around. Well, folks, they love a little danger. - So what's your thing? - Our thing? Yeah, your gimmick. You know, cowboy and Indian princess? Pirate and kidnapped princess? Jack the Ripper and princess? - We're Russian. - Or Cowboy and Indian princess thing. No, no, the Russian thing sounds good. - It does? - Yeah. OK, yeah. We're Russki. All right. Well, you do the first show for free, and if I like you, then we talk payment. You... you ain't seen nothing yet. You two ain't the first of May, are you? - No. In fact, we are not... - We are no first of May. We're no first of May. This is Lavalle. He's our 24-hour man. Lavalle, meet Buck and Wanda Moosejaw. They do a barber act. Moosejaw? - What are you, Indian? - Canadian. He will show you where to park your digs. - You can get ready for the show. - They any good? How about that? Being able to splinter a post don't make you any kind of a showman. Oh, we're show people, all right. You will be amazed. - Russian? You had to pick Russian. - I know. Brilliant, right? - It just popped into my head. - You know what? Don't pop things, Bones. Sweets, what the hell is the first of May? A newbie. A rookie. Why would a little person be referred to as a 24-hour man? Oh, having a little trouble with the lingo? He is the advance person. He goes to town ahead of the circus and sets everything up. If you like, I could e-mail you a lexicon. I would certainly appreciate that. Sure. Can I offer a piece of advice? That's why we called you, Sweets. Don't try too hard to be their friends. Act like you're more interested in each other than any of them. All right? They will come to you. Okay, thanks. So... sex, right? Oh, good idea. Okay. Okay, well, I think what we need to do is get a syncopated rhythm going that takes advantage of the natural frequency of the springs. Are you this spontaneous during real sex? Yes, I am. What do you think? Let's just hope they're as good outside the trailer as they are in. I'll give them good marks for staying power. - I don't know what that is. - I can try to balance. - Getting settled in, Moosejaw? - Yep. Nice tent. Very... - It's a piece of crap. - Right. Let's just pray there's no wind or rain. Hate for it to collapse on paying customers. - There something we can help you with? - Aim me at the Van Owen sisters. - The Van Owen sisters? - Yeah, sisters, jugglers, Julie and Jenny, joined at the hip. Literally. Yeah, funny. How do you know them? I worked a carney up in Alaska last year. Nice kids. Said they were coming down here to work at Bingham's. I'm afraid you missed them. They... they moved on... Well, when was it, Lavalle? After Petersburg, wasn't it? Julie and Jenny don't work here anymore. - Where'd they go? - You know what? I think I got a note in here somewhere from them that they left. "Thanks for everything. We loved working here, and we love all of you, "but we've decided to take another direction in our lives. "You'll always be family. Love, Julie and Jenny." - Doesn't sound like them. - It sounds like Julie. - Not Jenny. - Well, maybe they were forced to leave under duress. Listen to the five-dollar words the target can use. She likes to read the dictionary. Tough girl, Jenny. Yeah, the rubes sure loved them. Them quitting probably hurt your box office. Sweetheart... I got nothing but trouble at the box office. I'm sure we'll run into the girls somewhere or another. I mean, there's not many circuses anymore, right? Food's ready in the mess tent. If you two can drag yourselves out of your trailer, I'll introduce you to the rest of the gang. "Duress"? - Real smart. - What? Why? - Just because I'm in a carnival. - Forget it. Doesn't mean I can't read books and have a good vocabular... Is it more impressive that they can do that joined at the hip or less? Twins die an average of ten years apart, even when they are genetically identical. Not helpful. Ah, X-rays from the twins'doctor in Dallas. Okay, notice the antemortem bone lesion in the carpal capitate, suggesting a stab wound on the hand. Did you see the video? They were juggling machetes. Found particulates of magnesium carbonate on both girls. Do you have any fascinating trivia on that subject? One man's trivia is another man's wisdom. The chalk used in flooring, fireproofing, cosmetics, toothpaste and laxatives. Obviously, we are on the lookout for a clean-toothed, eye shadow wearing, constipated contractor. Brennan sent a photograph of the note the twins left at the circus. How long will it take you to analyze it? I found something pretty interesting just by looking at it. You said Jenny was the left-handed twin. - Yes. - Correct. The smudges and the slants on the letter indicate that the note was written by the left-handed twin. On a standard keyboard, there are over 3,000 words that can be touch-typed with the left hand alone. It's not typed; it's handwritten. How many can be typed with the right hand? 450. Thank you ever so much for asking me. Please don't encourage him. The point is, "Jenny" was signed with a right hand, while "Julie" signed the note with a left. This note was obviously not written by them, guys. It's fake. Can you look at them? Clowns. The psychiatric term for fear of clowns is coulrophobia. It's not fear; it's hate, okay? Big difference. - You mind? - Sure, have a seat. Buck, Wanda, this is Magnum the Strongman, and this is Madame Nina. - Oh, are those your legal names? - Is Wanda yours? Buck and Wanda... they knew Jenny and Julie. I miss those girls. We all do. - Not the clowns. - Why is that? The girls were trying a new act. They borrowed some of the clowns' equipment without asking. - They should have stuck to juggling. - They were trying to save the circus. They wanted more time in front of the audience. Not Julie, she wanted to spend more time with her boyfriend. - Julie had a boyfriend? - But her sister was literally right beside her all the time. People can't help who they fall in love with. When you fall in love with an outsider, that's the end of circus life. - Who was it? - He was a gillie. - What's a gillie? - A gillie's an outsider. So, one of the girls had a boyfriend. You're sitting on my clothes. Sorry, but it's kind of tight in here. Which is why you shouldn't throw your underwear on the floor. - They fell. - No, don't blame gravity for a lack of tidiness. Is there only one bed there? Can we please hit rewind? One of the girls had a boyfriend? - Yes. - Only one of them? I mean, how did they, you know, when they were... - I don't see physically how they... - Okay, look, that's not the issue. Just take that image out of your mind and pretend that they are separate individuals, and ask yourself if you found anything that suggested a relationship. Yeah, sorry. Still working on the mind picture eradication thing. Did you find anything on one of the sisters that you didn't find present on the other? Yeah, actually. Yeah, I did. Residue of polyelectrolyte polymers under the fingernails of Julie, and not Jenny. It was polyvinylpyrrolidone. What is that, makeup? It's not makeup; it's hair gel. Seems that Julie was running her fingers through someone's hair. - Julie was the one with a boyfriend? - Can you identify a brand? No, but it would smell a lot like sandalwood. Smooth sure Power Hold. It's definitely on the list of possible products, yeah. Dr. Muir was wearing a ton of hair gel that smelled just like sandalwood. What? Son of a barber, OK? I know my traditional hair products. So, Julie was having an affair with Dr. Muir? If we leave now, we can question them and be back in a couple of hours. No, not in this thing. And we have a show. We can't be late. We're not circus performers, okay? We solve murders. Yeah, we're undercover murder solvers, and if we don't make it back in time, we'll blow our cover. Tell you what, I will search for a faster vehicle. All right? Oh, but first, I got to go scavenge, you know, some Russian costumes because somebody said we did a Russian act. It was a great idea. Dr. Brennan, if you do have to perform, any chance that you could set up a Webcam so we could watch? You know, to see if we might be of any help with the case, I mean. Yeah, absolutely. Anything to help. - You bring our real clothes? - Yes, they're in the bag. Where did you learn to drive this thing? You're kidding me, right? I'm a cop. We should really talk about our act. Two complementary fractures on each of the victims'craniums. Like their heads were cracked together? - Interesting fact. - Yes, but is it pertinent? Indeed. In the fraternity of forensic anthropologists, these are known as "kissing fractures." Heads knocked together is the cause of death? Little known fact. There were actually six men known as the three stooges. So, we're going with the three stooges as the cause of death. Such would be my inclination. I'll let you pass that nugget on to Dr. Brennan when you tell her about the fractures. I already sent off the girls'medical records. I'm not sure how else I could help you. I want to run my fingers through your hair. - Why? - To prove you were in a sexual relationship with Julie VanOwen. And running your fingers through my hair will prove that? I tell you what, look Dr. Brennan up on the an internet. She's getting very famous for this kind of stuff. You're not gonna understand this. - You had a threesome? - Absolutely not. I dated Jenny first, and then I fell in love with Julie. Jenny didn't really like that. That's why he recommended separating the twins. That's not true. My recommendation was totally objective. Maybe their mother found out and sued his life away. Which is the only reason we kept the relationship a secret. Relationship. - Sexual relationship? - How? Well, when you were... I'm trying to understand. - When you and Julie... - The girls had separate genitalia. A fair amount of privacy could be achieved by an eye mask and an mp3 player turned up very loud. Julie liked the kings of leon. Jenny liked maroon 5. The american medical association is going to take away your license. - That's a motive for murder. - We should arrest him. Wait. On what charges? Definitely positive for the whole suspicion of murder thing, but, you know, the other thing is just, it's a little confusing. Can you go faster? We'll miss the show. We're making great time, bones. All right, relax. All right, a little help there. Phone's ringing. I'm kind of busy. Okay. Should we talk about our act? We need costumes. We don't need the russian costumes. We're dropping the act. What? You can throw knives. I saw it. I know I can, but we caught the bad guy, all right. We don't need to go undercover. What are you doing? Digging for loose change? Got it. Special agent seeley booth's phone, dr. Temperance brennan speaking. Dallas field office. It's for you. Yeah, of course it is. It's my phone. Then ask'em what they want. What is this about, please? They say that all of Dr. Muir's alibis checked out and they can't hold him for murder. He didn't kill the twins? He couldn't have driven all the way to the texas/oklahoma border during that time. Now can we talk about our act? - I do know a few words in russian. - Oh, no. Vincent provided me with the approximate forces it would take to cause the kissing fractures to the twins'skulls. Approximately 300 pounds per square inch, which is, by the way, the same as a pit bull's bite. - Were they attacked by a pit bull? - Not a likely scenario. See how this works, mr. Nigel-murray? A kind of mental winnowing process? Okay. Scenario number one. Whiplash. No. No? There'd be evidence of trauma in the vertebrae as well. Excellent mental winnowing. Okay. Scenario number two. A fall. The rest of the skeleton would have showed evidence of a fall. Scenario number three, they are assaulted separately by a weapon. That's possible. - No, actually it's not. - Why not? Because the wounds are absolutely symmetrical here. The possibility of an assailant striking them separately at the exact same angle with the exact same force... It ain't going to happen. Okay, well, the heads could have been conked together. There'd be evidence on the soft tissue of the face. There was no soft tissue left. What if the blunt instrument was soft? Like a pillow? Oh, wait a second. Clown props. - I'll call booth and Dr. Brennan. - Nice. When cortez conquered the aztecs, clowns were among the many treasures he carried back to clement VII. Thank you. - You ready? - Yes. Ready to throw knives at beautiful woman. - Not at, I hope. - Right, no, of course. Around her. Wow, wanda. You look... You too, boris. You make beautiful natasha. Man, you, you act like it's the first time you've done this. We like to keep things fresh. So I've seen. Okay, so... I stand against a board, right, with balloons all around me and then you pop them with your razor sharp knives? Right. Unless we do our actual job and find the murder weapon. What's with the moustache? - I thought it'd add a russian flair. - It looks like a small animal. There's a giant plastic ice cream cone, giant plastic shoe, giant plastic phone, giant plastic... - You mind telling me what you're doing? - Or what, you're going to play tough? You're clowns, right? I throw knives. - Let's kick his ass. - Bring it on, bozo. Uh, we're just looking for a prop that's all. Buck here is going to knock this nose off my face with a knife. Why does everyone think the clown stuff is there for everyone? This is our stuff! Let's kick his ass, you guys! Traditionally, clowns are fun loving and anarchistic. You are rigid and humorless. Let's kick both their asses! You better have your biggest ass-kicking shoes on. Stop! Y'all want to have a clem, that's your business, but after the show. Tumbles, I'm serious. All right, let's go, guys. Not so funny now, hey, tumbles? That's enough, moosejaw. We're lining up. You two damn well better be ready. I'm ready. How about you? I'm ready. - Oh, god! Bones - My eye. You okay? I'm okay. Well, we can't do the show now. What? No! The show must go on! Says who? Ladies and Gentlemens, and children of all ages. Welcome to bingham's circus of wonders. The most sensational, death-defying one ring spectacular on Earth. They're clapping for us. Smile, Boris. And wave. Show them your knives! Come on. Where's the buck moosejaw I married? - I got props. - Props? For what? Props. Objects for you to throw knives at. No, no. You are going to stand against the board still. I am going to throw knives around you. But not too close. That does not sound like a very good act. I'm sure the crowd is expecting a lot more than that. There is no act. Remember? There's just me trying not to kill you. What... you said you were very good, trained in knife skills by the military. I am very good. But it's you I am concerned for. Well, if you say you're skilled then I have no reason to doubt you, do i? You know it's not good for the barbers to fight before a show. Those things are sharp. Let's just get through this, all right, mrs. Moosejaw? Okay. Look at that. The clowns are using those fake barbells. One of them could've clocked the twins and smashed their heads together. The bar joing the foam weights together is too short. The fulcrum wouldn't give any of them sufficient force to cause the kissing fractures. But they're clowns. They have their ways. You're up. And now, direct from their triumphant tour of europe and the far east, bingham's circus of wonders is proud to present the razor sharp skills of the most thrilling, the most breathtaking, the most dangerous knife throwing act in the world. Boris and natasha... and their russian knives of death! What's up with brennan's eye? An eye patch. That's very rakish. Plus she only has to be half as scared. Bones, just keep your arms outstretched like... This, Okay? Be very, very still. Shouldn't the balloons be closer to my body? Not if you want to live. Natasha's balloons are no match for boris's knives of death! Boris, moya lyubov, spare the life of your lyubov. Definitely. Are they sure they know what they're doing? You really are as good as you said. You should try a blindfold. Yeah, says the half blind woman. Is it me, or does she seem a little too into this? There is, of course, a sexual component to an act of this sort, - the knife representing... - we get it. Dr. Brennan is showing remarkable trust and willingness. Be careful! She's only got one eye left! Well, how about that?! Let's hear it for them, folks. Boris the brave and the knee-knockingly lovely natasha! Come on, boris. Let them hear it, folks! They loved us. You were great. Superb hand-eye coordination there, buckie. I could have killed you. Therein lies the excitement for the spectators. ... super strong, mighty magnum! - Oh, my god. - What? Magnum, look! He definitely has the upper body strength to swing the foam barbell hard enough to cause those fractures. Check out those arms of steel! Hey there, big guy, you got a minute? For what? I want to ask you a question about my friends, Julie and Jenny. No, this is getting old. I told you, they were here, they left, that's all I know. Check with some other circuses maybe. They're dead but you knew that, didn't you? Dead? What are you talking about? Their heads were smashed together. Weren't they? Geez! - That guy is strong. - He is called the strongman. - Help me get out of this. - I'm trying to get out! Look, I wanna put a bolo on this guy right away. Magnum the strongman, real name: norman von gluck. Well, of course he's big, he's a strongman. He's wearing a tank top that says "magnum"... shouldn't be too hard to spot. Mr. Nigel-murray has found some additional bone anomalies. - Can you explain? - "Anomaly" from the greek "anomalos." I'm thinking we could move this along a bit faster, mr. Nigel-murray. I found slight longitudinal fractures along the distal ends of all four lower leg bones and stress fractures on their cuboids. Fractures to the lower legs and feet. Did the guy torture them first? Rubber hose to the feet? That wouldn't be consistent with the injuries, which are isolated to those specific areas. Can you send me the x-rays? - The x-rays... - They're on their way. I was more than capable of telling her that. I was afraid you'd start talking about wilhelm conrad and the discovery of the x-ray. November 8th, 1895. He made an image of his wife's hand... I rest my case. By the way, we all loved your show. Oh, thank you. Did you hear the cheering? It was all for me. Booth was undeniably good. However he's not very imaginative as far as the act goes. Look, there is a difference between imagination and tempting fate. I am just asking for a little flair. - Flair?! You want flair then... - Can I ask about the eye? No. I was thinking that I could wear a hat of fruit and then you could slice through each fruit, while... Bones, it's over. No more undercover act. It's over. We have to go question the other performers. Right. You two want to explain what happened with magnum? - He trapped us in the net. - For no reason? - We asked him about the twins. - Asked what? If he knew anything about how they died. - You want us to take care of this? - Settle. - Who are you people? - Fbi special agent seeley booth. Dr. Temperance brennan of the jeffersonian institution. Okay, the van owen twins were murdered. Our prime suspect right now is magnum. He had the requisite strength. Magnum never killed anyone. People, can you please come back now? - Tell them to come back. - None of us are gonna help you. Don't you care what happened to the twins? You aren't one of us. You don't get it, do you? How could you? You're gillies. No, no, we're not gillies, our act was good. Yeah, you're gillies. Right. - We have no case. - We will when we bring magnum in. We have no definitive forensics tying him or anyone else to the murder. You will when you get back to the lab, you'll find evidence. The bonius maximus will have his initials on it or something. I really was pretty good on the high wire. I'm going to try it. No, up there now? Wait a second, bones, no! You'll fall, it's too high! - There's a net. - You got no depth perception. You have a patch on your eye. You won't be able to see! But no, it's more a case of feel, Booth I could do it with my eyes shut. You shut your eyes and I will shut mine'cause I am not watching. My teacher said I was one of his best students. This is crazy. Look! No, I told you. I'm not gonna look, i'm keeping my eyes shut. This is absolutely... oh, my god! Bones, whoo! Wow, you are fearless! My feet! I'm not in shape for this. Look at you, you're doing great! You think maybe you could ride a bike on that thing? And maybe spin a ball on your nose at the same time? Ow! My cuboids! - Your what? - The cuboids are the bones in my feet. You all right? Yeah, I'm fine. Oh, my god! Bones, are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. - I know what happened. - It's obvious, you lost your balance. No, to the twins. They weren't murdered. The stress fractures to their fibulas and cuboids, they were caused by walking on the high wire. And the kissing fracture, their heads snapped together when they fell into the net. That's why there was no other trauma. A conjoined twin high-wire act? Henry said that Jenny wanted to be famous. Their act would have been completely unique. Well, that's a first. Yeah, covered up an accident by making it look like a murder. I didn't kill the them. I didn't kill them. I loved them. I would never hurt them. We know. I buried them. They needed a proper burial. Don't say anything, magnum. You asked them not to go on the high wire, but that's exactly what they wanted to do. It's probably the only thing Julie and jenny ever agreed on. When they dropped to the net, the force of the fall snapped their heads together. An accident like that, their mother definitely would've sued. The circus would never have survived. You know, I'm going to have to arrest you for interference with a dead body. We're sorry. Aren't we? - Sorry. - We're going to get you a good lawyer. Just don't bring them into this. I don't want to see the circus die because of me. What you're going to have to explain, is why you wrapped them in a sheet because that's something a woman would do out of respect. You'll also have to explain how you forged their handwriting on a note. I will. Thanks. Well, I'll just call up the dallas field office, - and have them pick him up. - Think he'll run again? No He won't run. They're gone. Yeah. - We slept through it? - Yeah. "Boris and natasha and their russian knives of death." I guess we all got it in us, huh? The desire to run off and join the circus. We did it. Buck and wanda were damn good. Buck was more dashing than you. I mean, Buck drove a motorcycle. - Wanda was funner than you. - How? Well, she let me knock off a rubber nose from her face with a knife. You would never let me do that. You're way too rational. Where do you think they are now?