that this is a coincidence? A one in 78 chance. It was on top. It's not really speaking to me. I see a sick man in a hospital. He takes refuge in a dream life. You're there in the dream, and you're helping him to create that dream life by telling him a story. You're both so happy in the story, so happy, it's almost sad when he awakens. No offense to you and your psychic, but I just got off a flight from Guatemala. I want to go check in with Cam and then shower and change. The man whose life you saved is really excited to see you again. I don't save lives. They are already dead when I get to them. I'm pretty sure you saved somebody's life. A man with the heart of a lion. Booth has a lion heart. I do not like cats. That's consistent with the person you were before your brain surgery. I don't own a nightclub, I'm not married to Bones, you are not a singing bartender, and I hate clowns. Can I go back to work? When our sense of reality is challenged, you know, really challenged, it can some take time to regain our footing. It's been six weeks since they put my brain box through the blender, OK? I am back, baby! Special Agent Seeley Joseph Booth. Have you been in touch with Dr. Brennan since you were released from the hospital? She's, you know, in Guatemala there, digging up Aztecs. Do you miss anything about the alternative life you experienced while in a coma? The clothes. I miss those clothes. They were great clothes. - I'm certifying you as fit for duty. - I am fit for duty. - That's what I'm saying. - What I'm saying to you is you don't have to certify me, pal, because I told you, I'm back. In fact, you had amnesia, slurring of speech, identity confusion, headaches, irritability and double vision. So, yeah, as a psychologist, I do have to certify you for duty. - Why... why are you arguing? - I'm not arguing. This man was lost. You brought him the light that showed him the way home. Without it, he would've died. Booth was in a coma. She read him the book that she was writing. When he woke up, he thought that they had a whole different life together. He thought that they were married. - He thought that for days. - You were joined at that time. You're still joined. Nothing either of you is saying makes sense. - Were you pregnant? - What? No, of course not. I mean, in your book. No, I deleted the book. I'm tired, I'm gonna go check in at the office and then go home. Nice to meet you, Ms. Harmonia. Underneath the icy exterior beats a very warm heart. Her life is at a very critical turning point... ... between great happiness... That's Death. - Would you care to hug? - Why? Okay. I'm good with that. - Welcome home. - Thank you. What did Booth do while I was gone, solve boring, normal murders? He hasn't been reinstated yet. The doctors told me that he'd be fine in a couple days, that's why I went. Sweets is examining Booth today. Fingers crossed. I'm happy to see you, too. I'm happy personally and professionally. You know, unsolved murders have gone up 1,000% since you left. I find that hard to believe. Rough estimate. Welcome back. Thank you. Look at that. I'm reinstated on the day that you come home. That's the weirdest coinky-dink ever. It's not even the weirdest coinky-dink today. If you were reinstated, why are you dressed like a furniture mover? Sweets, he just, cleared me, so I came straight over to tell you. - What took you so long to recover? - Don't worry. Nothing's wrong with me. I'm 110%. You know there's nothing more than 100%, right? Listen, guys, there are a bunch of bodies buried under the Teversham Fountain. - How do you know that? - Avalon told me. - Who's Avalon? - Avalon is Angela's psychic. See, even superstitious Booth doesn't believe in psychics. That's interesting, because she says that you two were linked in a very profound and spiritual manner. Really? Well, she also says that in your weirdo alternate shared life experience thing that Brennan was pregnant. It's odd that neither of you mentioned that. - Let's go check it out. - What? - No. Why? - Six weeks, Bones. I'm going stir-crazy here, OK? Let me suit up. - Can I at least take a shower? - Yeah, I need to shave. So, this ground-penetrating radar can really see things? Yeah, a lot clearer than a psychic. - You're dressed very oddly. - What do you mean? This is regulation FBI. What about the garish socks and the gaudy tie? What, you don't remember? You resist regimentation with these tiny symbols of rebellion. I remember. I remember, okay? Let me just... re-acclimate myself at my own speed here. - What is that? - Nothing. `Cause there's nothing here, there's no such thing as a psychic. In my coma dream, you were pregnant. Sweets said that your dream was nothing more than your comatose brain processing what I read to you from my book. Wait, the point is, how did the psychic know that if she isn't psychic? She was right. What, about us being linked in a very profound manner? What do you see? It's human remains. Lots of human remains. Bones - Season 05 Episode 01 "Harbingers In the Fountain" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- - What's that supposed to be? - Bones says dead people. At least eight, maybe more. Is there any chance these are very old remains of settlers or Indians, who should be left in peace? Yes, except for that. - What's that? - A plastic disc. She wants to start digging, I want to go question the psychic who sent us here. I did not hear "psychic." I heard "anonymous source." Just get Bones the warrant that she needs so she can start digging. You are keen to get back to work. - Got something to prove, cherie? - It is plausible that Booth feels the urge to prove he's no longer brain damaged. You can start. I'll get the warrant in ten minutes. Yes, we're back. You're the one who told me never to look happy at a crime scene. Right. We'll look happy after we find out who did this horrible crime and get them behind bars. All right. It's very hard for me to explain my process. Well, you're going to have to do better than, "I'm a psychic." You're the man that was in the coma, aren't you? Would you pick a card, please? You're worried, you lost something. Ms. Harmonia, I really don't need a tarot card reading right now. What I need to know is how you knew that those people were buried - under the Teversham Fountain. - It's all in the cards, agent Booth. You can't argue with what's in the cards. You never lost anything in that coma, agent Booth. You gained something. So the remains are all in the soil beneath the layer of gravel. Ten years ago, they renovated the fountain. They raised it on hydraulic lifts, sunk a series of shafts, mucked out the clay, laid down a layer of gravel, and then poured cement over that. So it's reasonable to assume that the bodies were tossed down the shaft before the gravel was dumped. I've got samples of the soil, the gravel, scrapings from the cement and this. If we're lucky, it's something the murderer left behind. You might as well head back to the lab, start analyzing your samples. Oh, my God. This is like climbing down into a grave here. Isn't this great? Us back together again, chasing criminals. Yeah, pit full of mass murder victims, what's not to love? As soon as I get this skull free, I'd like you to facial reconstruction. Does the fact that Avalon was right make you rethink her abilities? Ange, I've met dozens of shamans and medicine men, so-called holy people over the years, and I've never seen any hard evidence that they were in touch with any spirit world where the laws of physics don't apply. Until now. This is actual evidence, Angela, not some mumbo jumbo from a deck of tarot cards. First drink since the brain operation? And since, you know, getting back to work. I'm honored. An auspicious occasion. - So, what do you want? - Just want to share a drink, you know, with one of my closest and dearest friends, who, you know, I can trust with, certain things. - God. - What? There's lasting brain damage? Something you haven't told anyone. Are you hearing voices? Seeley, if you're hearing voices, that's really serious. Nice. Thank you. I know. I'm not hearing voices, OK? Relax. I just... Well, I did forget that I wore goofy socks, so we can do one for that? The things that make you a great cop have nothing to do with the socks. What's really on your mind? All right... That, place that I went to, you know, in my coma dream... It was just, Bones and I, it was so real... You're in love with Dr. Brennan. What I'm wondering is, am I the same guy? A sweet, kick-ass FBI murder-solver with hard fists and a lion heart? You're still him. My advice, for what it's worth: forget the bruised brain and go with your lion heart. Right. Right? Yeah, and tell Bones how I feel. Yes. Except, be sure about your feelings, because if you crack that shell and you change your mind, she'll die of loneliness before she'll ever trust anyone ever again. Right. - What time is it? - It's early. What are you doing here? I... I hate this part of the case. Where you're doing stuff, and I'm just at home doing nothing. - I have something for you to do. - Right. It's, the disc we saw on the GPR. Look at that. Minidisc. Definitely'90s technology. - Don't you want to go to breakfast? - No. I got to get this to my people so they can find out the manufacturer and get it to Angela so she can get the information she needs off this. But no one is awake, except for you and me. Avalon Harmonia is her professional psychic name. Born Stephanie Susan Janes, no criminal history, no known criminal associations and, in my professional psychological opinion, not a nut bar. Law abiding and sane does not explain 12 buried skeletons. She thinks that she's psychic. She really does. If she's not psychic, then she's involved. I don't believe in psychics. Well, neither did I... Do I. - Present tense. - She got to you, Sweets? Okay, check it out. My dad's watch goes missing three months ago. I have no idea where it is. She tells me it's in the pocket of a jacket that I forgot I owned at the unclaimed goods at the FBI dry cleaner. Booth, how many fingers am I holding up?</i> Yeah, brain damage joke. That's real funny. - What do you got? - What I got are multiple degrees in botany, geology and entomology which allow me to discern vital clues... like this one. What's that, a graph of Russian wheat production in 1955? It's a microspectrophotometry scan indicating that the fabric we found with the remains is lint-free, static-resistant polyester.</i> It was designed for use in fire-hazardous,</i> oxygen-enriched atmospheres. U.S. Navy refers to them as "poopie suits."</i> - Right, you mean for submarine crews. - <i>Exactly.</i> Now, my conclusion is we have uncovered the anonymous grave of the crew of the super secret stealth submarine Hawkfish, which disappeared in the late'90s.</i> The U.S. Government denies the very existence of the submarine...</i> The way it works, Booth, is that I'm impatient and curt, while you somehow keep the squints motivated and productive. - Right, I'll keep that in mind. Thanks. - Good. Hiya, Bones. There's no sign of any violence on any of the skeletons we found, - except for this one. - Could the victims have drowned? No, drowning leaves diatoms in the marrow, and Cam didn't find any. Why? Hodgins said they are a submarine crew. Preliminary histological analysis shows that the victims were of both sexes, encompassing Mongoloid, Negroid and Caucasoid features and ranging in age from the late teens to the early 70s. - That is a bullet hole. - No. Micro-fractures indicate that the projectile was moving much slower than any bullet. Also, I can't feel any beveling on the inside of the skull. But there's very slight beveling on the outside. He was killed from the inside out. Awkward. Awkward, awkward. Very awkward. Angela, what is awkward? The casing on the minidisc that you found at the dig was cracked, so there was damage. I did what I could, but... I got this one frame off the corrupted file. - What's so awkward? - This isn't the awkward part yet. "Glen Echo Car Rentals." And a license plate. I figure you have 12 bodies and this vehicle holds between 12 and 15, so... Ange, you shouldn't feel awkward about this. You should be very proud of your excellent work. Now comes the awkward part. - Why did you make a picture of her? - This isn't Avalon. This is a facial reconstruction of the first fountain skull. Hello, Seeley. Hello, Temperance. Nice to see you two together. - This is an official visit. - Am I in trouble? We just need you to explain a few things, that's all. We're still trying to identify the 12 victims under the fountain. You see, Dr. Brennan and her people were able to give one of them a face, and we need you to take a look at it. Oh, no. This can't be. It can't be what? It's my sister. - Avalon told me she had no family. - Obviously telling the truth. Her sister's been dead for ten years. You'd think it's something that would show up in the cards. Well, the future consists of the culmination of a near infinite number of variables. Turning over a card has no effect at all. Well, then how did the cards tell her where her sister was buried? Well, I'm certain that her knowledge of her sister's remains did not stem from pictures on a card. You're gonna have to work late tonight. "Hello, Angela. You look so pretty today." Thank you. And hello to you, too. She's being you and herself. I don't know why. What do you want Angela to work on? "Harbingers of a New Day." Glen Echo Car Rentals, it went out of business, but we find this guy who rented this van to the Harbinger group, the group never brought it back. - Some kind of cult? - Exactly. And you know what? Angela is gonna get to work on the Internet and find out information. Yes, sir. On my way. You bet. All right, I'm sorry, Ange. You know, it's... first case back. It's been a long day. Maybe I got something to prove. Sorry. You look... you look beautiful. Would you like me to kiss you on the forehead, too? Sure. ... an ordered, clean society, where we will no longer live amongst the poisons</i> and pollutants of this modern world. I managed to get a partial video file off the minidisc. This... is Tom Fargood. El Supremo. He sold places in a secret undersea facility he called Harbinger. So these people are all nuts? Not at all. People pay a fortune to visit the giant, underwater hotel in Abu Dhabi. Yeah, Dubai. There's another one in Istanbul. Key West, Sweden. So where did Fargood locate his new Atlantis? - A secret site in French Polynesia. - Buried under a fountain... it's a bit of a come-down from Bora-Bora. I count 14 people in this video. We dug out 12 from under the fountain. Look at this. - Is that Avalon? - No... that's her sister. - How do you know? - Because... ... that is Avalon. Look like they were pretty close. Her sister ended up in a mass grave that she led us to. Not sure that adds up to "pretty close." It was my idea to join Harbingers. It cost every cent my sister Jenny and I had from my parents' insurance. - How much did Fargood get from you? - Almost a million dollars. What motivated you to join Harbinger? Jenny suffered from MCS. Multiple chemical sensitivity. Allergic to the whole world? Fargood put these gold seals on our diplomas whenever we passed part of his training. This day was how to use a speargun to hunt fish. Fascinating. I need to know how you knew where your sister's body got dumped. I think you're hiding something. It rankles me. I'm rankled. I suppose this whole time you thought your sister was living in a Yellow Submarine? The Harbinger's facility, yeah. Why would she go and leave you behind? You did something that got you expelled, didn't you? What was it? I went to an outside doctor for my headaches. It wasn't allowed. We're gonna need a list of all these people's names. And the name of the Harbinger doctor. There never was any underwater facility, was there? He just killed everybody for their money. My sister... was killed for money. I'm Dr. Leacock. As you can see, I'm a little pressed for time. We're here about Tom Fargood and the Harbingers of a New Day. - Okay, he knows them. - Would you like to come with me? Fargood wanted me to be the physician in his underwater utopia. I declined. Why, because you thought it didn't exist? No, I believed it existed. But the idea of spending the rest of my life underwater babysitting a bunch of people who are allergic to the 20th century? I'm more useful here. So, they all suffered from MCS? Yeah, pesticides, power lines, incinerators, gas stations, fresh paint, even perfume made them sick. These people are canaries in a coal mine when it comes to pollutants. I always thought they'd head down there, move into some renovated Russian submarine, then come up and, you know, live happily in grass huts on a motu. Was I wrong? Maybe you've heard of the 12 human skeletons that were found under the Teversham Fountata. Oh, my God, are you serious? If you still have the medical records, it would be helpful in positively identifying the victims. Of course. How... Dr. Brennan is a forensic anthropologist. She's still trying to figure out the cause of death. If they had MCS, it should show up fairly obviously in their bones. Do you have a warrant? - Do we need one? - This is a state-funded clinic. I have to abide by the letter of the law. - I'm sorry. - Right. We'll be back. Can I ask... how you connected me to the group? You see, we have our own rules. Dr. Leacock was right to require a warrant. Right, and I was right to tell him that we have rules too, right? Yeah, you know what? - I'll have it for you in the morning. - Great. Thanks, Caroline. You're the best. Don't touch the bobblehead! I'm working, everything's great. Look at me, I'm fine, my brain's feeling good, so bye. I've been informed that your brain still thinks it's in love with Dr. Brennan. Great, Cam ratted me out. No, I found out through Avalon. - You told Cam? - Great. She finds your watch so now you believe everything that she says? Okay, you just admitted that you told Cam you're in love with Dr. Brennan. You know what you're looking at? I'm pretty sure you haven't been this close to one in a long time. - It's a PET scan of your brain. - Then I was wrong. This is called the ventral tegmental area. This is the dorsal caudate body. Now, these two areas have been proven to be linked to romantic love and sexual arousal. If this is your version of dirty pictures, it's really not working for me right now. This... this scan was taken before your operation. The green and blue colors indicate very low activity. Same scan while you were in the coma. Just lit up like the 4th of July. You were dreaming of being in love. Of being married, right? Same scan... three days ago. Before your operation, you were not in love. After your operation, you were. Conclusion: your feelings are not real and will... fade away, like every other symptom of your coma. Now, I think you and I both know that Dr. Brennan's hyperrationality is really just a cover for a very vulnerable and sensitive core. Great, so we're talking about Bones' brain, too, here? So, if you breach those defenses and it turns out you don't really love her... I left you hard copies. Based on the Harbinger video, Avalon's names, and Dr. Brennan's analysis, this is most likely Louis Lampcov. The man with the hole in his skull. The only victim we know died violently. My 3-D imaging suggests that a shaft shot from a speargun through the soft palate would've caused the wound. I know how everybody else died. Not Mr. Hole-in-the-Skull, but the others. That's the crystallized calcium oxalate you found in the soil. Right, minute amounts in the soil layer beneath each and every body. Is it poisonous? No but we had to ask ourselves what processes might result in crystalline calcium oxalate. - Liver or kidneys. - Kidney would do that to plain oxalate - which is derived from glycolate. - Glycolate's poisonous. Glycolate is a conversion of glycoaldehyde via the aldehyde dehydrogenase in the liver. A poison that isn't a poison until it's metabolized? - Ethylene glycol. - That's antifreeze. Sweet to the taste, easily disguised, administered over time which gives the kidneys time to crystallize the stuff. Virtually untraceable. Unless some brilliant bug and slime wonk finds it in the soil. And that, ladies, that is why they call me King of the Lab. - Nobody does that but you. - The early symptoms of ethylene glycol poisoning: fatigue, nausea, headache. Indistinguishable from MCS. Dr. Brennan's gonna want to confer with that Harbinger doctor. Is that true about the King of the Lab? That only you care? Yeah. I always thought Jenny was alive and happy somewhere. Some psychic I am. I don't know if you're psychic or not. Then why would I send you to the fountain in the first place? Remorse. Neurosurgeons are telling me right here that this part of my brain shows love, and this... What? Let the neurosurgeons have your brain. They know about your brain, they don't know jack about your heart. Here. - Cut the deck. - Come on, what is this? Cut the cards. All right, fine, I'll cut the deck. She's in terrible danger. You gotta go to her now. I'm still a cop. I know when someone's looking to escape. So chain me to the railing. Do what you gotta do, but you better go to her now. Go to her now. Go to her right now. Go to her now. Now! Go right now! Hello? Dr. Leacock, it's Dr. Brennan with the FBI. Dr. Brennan, come on back to my office.</i> Lock the door behind you, please. This isn't the best neighborhood.</i> There's been an interesting development in the Harbinger case. It appears that the victims were poisoned. Is there any chance that what appeared to you to be MCS was actually a result... He's shredding the Harbinger files. You all right? - You okay? - I'm fine, I'm okay. - Your arm... - Oh, God. No, don't pull it out. Don't touch that! Easy, I gotcha. - He tried to kill me. - All right. - Thank you. - Easy. - The ambulance is on the way, okay? - Keep pressure on the wound. I got it. Just relax. Just trust me, all right? I'll take care of you. I got you. I'll take care of you, I'm right here. I'm not going anywhere. That's a lot of blood. I'm fine. This is Bones'blood. - That's supposed to be good? - She's fine. They fixed her up and sent her home. - I should've been there for her. - You were there. You killed the bad guy dead. I know you hate that, but it always makes me a little glad. Does that make me a bad person? I guess that closes the case. None of the remains have been identified as Fargood. You think the bad doctor was working for Fargood? Used to be that my hunches were good enough to keep us working a case. Cheri, they still are. That means our little psychic friend is still a suspect. And change your shirt. Hello? Ms. Harmonia? I'm down here. - How are you feeling? - They gave me medication, so I feel how I imagine people of average intelligence feel all the time. I came here to see if you'd run away. I'm here looking for clues. - Something I might have missed. - What, in your cards? Because that is a waste of time. You say that after I sent Agent Booth to save your life. You knew where the bodies were buried. You knew Dr. Leacock would attack me. You were an abandoned child. The world scares you so you wrap it up neatly in bonds of reason, education and proof. All riddles are solvable to you. Except for one. Yes. The riddle of how you knew where your sister was buried. The riddle you can't solve is how somebody could love you. Well, I'm beautiful and very intelligent. The answer to the question that you're afraid to say out loud is... yes. He knows the truth of you. And he's dazzled by that truth. I'm pulling up Web sites containing the words "harbinger," "utopia," "undersea" and "MCS" and running them through my facial recognition program. Fargood's arrogant. He'll think he changed his modus operandi, but it'll only be superficially. What, so you think these keywords won't work? No, not specifically. By the time we finish a more general search, you'll have to shave. Why is facial hair the marker of an adult male? Why not height? I'm tall. Right, keywords. Fargood targeted a group of people who were sick of the world, literally, and promised them a new life, right? A life without suffering. Sick of the world, of course. - You know who you're referring to? - People who are in pain, who lost hope, who are sunk in existential despair. That's not literal enough, Sweets. You're talking about old people who have nobody else to turn to. Angela's right. The bone structure is a very close match. We're trying to figure when you changed your name from Fargood to Gallo. I have no idea what you're talking about. You're selling shares in a very exclusive retirement community. Very sound investment in your future. I recommend you buy. We won't be doing that anytime soon, because a significant number of people who put down their nonrefundable deposits, they died before they moved in. Probably from ethylene glycol poisoning. I want a lawyer. And I won't be drinking anything from that glass. You want my DNA, get a warrant. There's no point in getting your DNA. We have nothing to compare it to. Excuse us. Alexender Gallo's identity is bullet proof. - I am certain that's Fargood. - She is certain. That's good enough for me. We gotta keep him in custody, or he's going to run. Good enough for you is not good enough for a judge. That man poisoned 11 people and used a speargun to kill a 12th. - We gotta find a way to hold him. - Don't arrest him till shift change. - Right. - Why? - We'll lose him in the system. - FBI stall tactics, Bones. Thank you. Do not thank me. He'll be out of here in 24 hours. And even if you prove that Gallo and Fargood are the same man, I don't see a shred of evidence prooving that he killed those 12 people. I need proof that before he was Gallo, our bad guy was Fargood. So, I need the van. What are the chances of finding a vehicle stolen ten years ago? And I need this. You want us to find a ten-year-old stolen van - and a speargun all in the next... - 12 hours, tops. - You gotta be kidding me. - Go. Perform miracles. Even miracles aren't going to help. We can't prove that Fargood and Gallo are the same persons. - What is that? - Avalon's Harbinger certificate. Remember she said Fargood applied these seals himself? The saliva on the seal is how we get Fargood's DNA. - But how do we get Gallo's? - Human nature. Human nature, Bones. You found Tom Fargood? - That's what we need you to tell us. - Only if you're up to it. Why wouldn't I be? All these years you thought your sister left you without saying good-bye. - And really this man murdered Jenny. - And then buried her in a mass unmarked grave. Why are you trying to make this harder for me? Is that Tom Fargood? Is this the man who murdered your little sister? - You killed my sister! - I got her. You killed my little sister! You sit there so smug! That is sneaky. - Is sneaky good or bad? - Good, if it holds up in court. Next time, make it look more like you're taking advantage of a situation, not scripting it. Don't keep me hanging, people. Are Alexander Gallo and Tom Fargood the same person? Perfect match. Well, your facial expression suggests that you are dissatisfied. You proved that Gallo is Fargood, fine, but now you gotta prove that Fargood killed those people - and dumped them under that fountain. - Charge him with murder, give us time to find the speargun and the van. What are the chances of that happening? - A million to one? - We don't have all the variables, so... You're not being precise, you're simply illustrating the difficulty. Everything maybe adds up all the time in the lab, but in real life, sometimes you lose one. What do we do, kill him? Still an earshot, cherie, still an earshot. Fargood is going to get away with mass murder. - I don't want to talk about work. - What do you want to talk about? - You all right? - Not really. I just... I have something that I want to say to you from inside my heart. Blood is in your heart. The idea that the heart is the seat of love and strength of character is ancient but metaphoric. I mean, in reality, these qualities are based in the amygdala, - which is part of the brain. - Ever since I woke up from my coma I been wanting to say something to you about you. Why didn't you say something earlier? Because I wanted to finish this case. You know, to make sure that I'm back. That, that I'm me again. Does the fact that we didn't close the case give you doubts? We did the best that we can. Hold on. You... - You don't think I'm fully back? - No, I know you're fully back. - You do? - You're wearing your socks. No, he hates... Do not kill the clown. You hate clowns. You do not think they're funny. Right. Before my coma, I shot a clown off an ice cream truck. Well, I'm... sure in a few weeks you'll hate clowns again. Be back to normal. - Yeah, a few weeks. - Well, what did you want to tell me? That I love you. In a professional, you know, attagirl kind of way. "Attagirl kind of way"? Well, right back at you, Booth. I love you, too. Attaboy. You two got a moment? What's going on? I thought I'd give you the honor of arresting Mr. Fargood,</i> Alexander Gallo, whatever you want to call him. Arrest both of him. - We didn't have enough evidence. - For murder. We didn't have enough to charge him with murder. But murder isn't the only crime in the world. It just seems like around us. Grand theft auto regarding the rental van? Fraud by wire? That man sold people a luxury hotel under the sea. If he can't show it to us, then he defrauded them. - Illegal wearing of the uniform. - Those poopie suits were Navy issue. These are just federal crimes, mind you. I've got the District Attorney coming up with his own list. - What does this add up to? - About a 100 years, give or take. He should be convicted of murder. Luckily, you two have me to pick up the slack when you fall short. That's right, you should kiss me. What's wrong with you, Seeley Booth? On what charge? A whole bunch of'em. I'm sorry we couldn't get him for killing your sister. Sometimes you gotta just settle for the second best situation. I'm sorry, too, for how we manipulated you into scratching his face. It was rational. And yet, irrationally, I still feel bad about it. The cards say only your top layer is rational. Underneath, you're as crazy as I am. - And that's a compliment. - Doesn't sound like one. This is usually when we go and get a drink. You two are going to keep doing things as usual. Sometimes you gotta settle for second best. By the way, my cards tell me this all works out, eventually. - Really?