It's gonna be fine. Come on Booth. Come on, Booth. No... Oh, come on... The carbon isotopic composition of the collagen shows a value of minus 16%. Supporting the theory that the deceased was born in Provence, France. In the 16th century. It's time, Dr. Brennan. The metacarpophalangeal joints are smooth, showing dexterity. - Perhaps a musician. - That's enough. We're going now. I have remains to identify. He could have a family. He's 500 years old. - They've probably adjusted by now. - I'm not going. I've already made that clear. It's Agent Booth's funeral, Dr. Brennan. Losing a loved one is... A partner, Sweets. I lost a partner. Someone close to you. The funeral allows you to grieve, so you can come to terms with his death. The Arunta Aboriginal tribe in Australia grieves by burning down their village and moving to a new one. That seems no crazier to me than gathering around a hole in the ground. - Being hostile won't... - Brennan, a word. Excuse me. Professional psychologist. Look. I know how you see things, and I respect that. But, I need to ask you a favor. I have to go to the funeral. I'm not going to be able to get through this alone. I've been crying for, like, days. I really need your shoulder here. I need my best friend. I knew Seeley Booth. He was a good man who earned my respect and affection. And I don't like many people. Booth had a selfless commitment to his work, first in the military and then the FBI. Two weeks ago, he made the ultimate sacrifice, giving his life to save his partner. And, in that brave act, he showed us what greatness we are all capable of. That woman was aiming at me. I would have happily taken that bullet. I know. May God's mercy and love shine on Seeley Booth as he takes his place beside the Lord. If there were a merciful God, why wouldn't He have saved Booth? Stand by. Port arms! At ease! Port! Aim! Excuse me. Hey! What the hell is going on?! They appear to be fighting. Bones. Nice shot. What? After I got shot, the Bureau faked my death so I could finally get that guy. - I don't care. - Look, I drove him underground. He said that the only way we would ever see him again is at my funeral, so... - I don't care. - Who is he? What part of national security don't you understand, Hodgins? National security. Catchall phrase for, "We can do anything we want." I knew I shouldn't have gone to that funeral. It was a waste of time, just like I said. Wait. You thought that my funeral was a waste of time? It was a lovely service, Booth. Thank you. You know, I expected to see more people though. I always imagined a lot of ex-girlfriends crying. - Yeah. Me, too. - You guys are pathetic. Just know I won't be attending your next funeral. I'm telling you, you were supposed to know that I wasn't really dead. I swear! That's why I thought you weren't crying. Informed by who? I gave a list of people to the Bureau to inform that I was not really dead. If they didn't tell you, it's not my fault. Dr. Brennan is actually upset because she had to face strong emotions that she'd rather deny. Striking Agent Booth indicated the depth of your feelings for him. It was a passionate act. - Thank you. Did you hear that? Passion. - Yes. Passion, because anger is a passion. Anger at being manipulated. - Dr. Brennan. - Forget it. Someone left a package for you. It's a mandible. Look at that, huh? Two silver screws. Silver screws as in... Silver Skeleton? As in... - Gormogon? - That's speculation. - Tooth marks. - Someone's been snacking on that. Snacking as in cannibalism? Evidence of cannibalism does not necessarily mean... Bones, it's Gormogon. Has to be. Oh, God. Who has he eaten this time? Bones Season 3 Episode 15 "The pain in the heart" Transcript: <i>swsub.com</i> Sync: <i>ShalimarFox, IceFre@k</i> Subtitle: <i>A²S Team</i> --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- This is the fifth known victim in the Gormogon murders, all of which have been subjected to ritualized cannibalism. - He has apprentices? - Yes. One at all times, to help perform the murders, dispose of the bodies, eradicate evidence. His mission, it seems, is to construct a complete skeleton out of the bones of his victims. I've seen enough. Bones, I'm thinking here. Thinking about what exactly? Well, it's a pickle. Platform is a crime scene, but we need to access it to investigate the crime. A cake-and-eat-it-too situation. Is it a cake or a pickle? - It's Schrodinger's cat. - That I understand. Cakes and pickles meant nothing to me. Are you paralyzed by the paradox, Booth? I'll make this easy. What do you need first? - Identity. - Let's go, people. Whoa! Hey, easy. All right... Whoa! Whoa! All right, you can't... All right. There you go. Okay, the tooth sockets may contain enough tissue to check DNA. Zack, there are markings on this bone that need to be checked out. It appears to have been boiled. I'll see if I can pull any mineral traces that can help us determine the water he used. Okay, I give you all permission to do whatever it is that you squints do. I'll... just... Call me. Let's go. I need to talk to you! What the hell, Bones? I'm in my house, in my bathroom, in my bathtub. How the hell did you get in here anyway? That fake rock by your front door wouldn't fool anybody. Why are you wearing a hat that dispenses beer? Hot tub plus cold beer equals warm beer. Hat equals solution. - So why are you...? - And that cigar? Very unhealthy. What the hell do you want now? 'Cause I'm not really feeling too relaxed. You should've told me you weren't dead. I already explained this to you. The Bureau has to vet everyone when there is a security issue. - I was following protocol. - Protocol? - Yes! - We've been partners for three years, and you've broken protocol before, sometimes putting my life in danger. Which makes sense because you clearly don't have any real concern for me. - I took a bullet for you! - Once! That only goes so far. Would you like a towel? Fine. What is it that I should have done? What did you want me to do? You could have called me. Did you really think I need to be vetted by your boss? - Don't you trust me? - Of course I do. Then why wasn't I told? It must have been something that you said. No. I don't know why you weren't told. But you said that I should be. I mean, aren't you curious why I wasn't? Yes. Do you want me to find out why you weren't told? If it's important to you. Fine. I will. The next time I die, I promise that I will tell you. - I'll look forward to that. - Me, too. What are you reading? It's a novel. It's a graphic novel. Just so you know, I find your lack of puritan modesty very refreshing. The marks on the mandible definitely indicate that the bones have been gnawed on. But not with teeth. The markings were made by someone wearing dentures. A toothless cannibal just can't cut it in today's competive serial killer climate. - How do you know he wore dentures? - Zack found traces of polymethylmethacrylate, monomer, and tetra silicic fluromica on the mandible. I'm going to go out on a limb here and assume that's what dentures are made of. But not normal commercial dentures you get from the dentist. The main ingredient is polymethyl methacrylic. - These dentures were homemade. - I got our victim's DNA results back. - Is it the lobbyist? - Yep. Gormogon's last victim. I was wondering when some part of him would show up. - What's that sucking sound? - You know what? This is my house. Okay? You come into my house, there's no telling what you're going to hear. Dr. Saroyan, regarding the denture medium, if we recreate the process... It could tell us a lot about Gormogon's resources. If you want to do one of your experiments, just say it. We want to do one of our experiments. Go! Make plastic cannibal dentures. You should place the jawbone in this skeleton. Why? Because it keeps alive an interactive relationship with the killer. That's why he provided the screws. You know, we give him something, he reciprocates. Did you see me on TV? No one has mentioned that I was on TV. Look, how would he know if we added the jawbone to his skeleton? It's his obsession. He has some way of finding out. Which is another reason to do it. Okay, both of you are purposely not mentioning my appearance. For all we know, Gormogon is dead, and we're not on the list of people who get to find that out. There's a cry for attention. - Bones broke into my house last night, - There was a key! all angry, because no one told her that I was dead. - And I was just following protocol. - Broke into your house? - There was a key. - And barged into my bathroom. - What were you doing? - He was drinking beer and reading a comic. I was taking a bath. You read comics and drink beer naked? Wait a second. Bones burst into my bathroom, all right? And I'm weird for being naked? This thermoplastic has a melting point of approximately 1,800 degrees °F. This would work better if we created a paste from the monomer and polymethylmethacrylate powder. That would entail the use of complicated cosolvents to allow copolymerization without substantial phase separation. The monomer's melting point is far below the polymethylmethacrylate. So you didn't tell her to leave? You just sat there naked? It was my own bathroom, okay? What do you wear in the tub, floaties? Ready for the monomer? Yes, I believe so. The mold is over there on the side table. Why don't you get the mold, and I'll mix in the monomer. No, I'll mix it in. Please hand me the monomer, then the mold. Since when did I become the assistant? Since I became the uncontested king of the lab. I'm all right. I'm all right. I'm okay. Oh, my God! Zack? OK, a medical team's on it's way. I'll get the burn kit. Is he okay? He's in shock, Bones. Look at his hands. Zack? - Is Hodgins okay? - He's fine. Just a few minor cuts. Don't worry, they're gonna fix you up. You're gonna be good. That would be impossible, Agent Booth. The damage is... We'll make sure we get you the best doctors. The cartilage is destroyed. In addition, the trapezoid and hamate on my left hand... How about a little optimism here? I know that I can still be quite useful. Mentally, I'm still exceptional, and with prostheses... How are you, Zack? Quite severely injured. - Are you all right? - I'm okay, man. Anything you need, Zack, just ask. Do you know how this happened? I just added the three grams of monomer. That doesn't make sense. There were no dipoles like amide or carbonyl in the monomer, were there? - No, just simple phenylethene. - That's what I thought. - And the PMMA was... - Hodgins, he has third-degree burns. The doctor said you should rest, Zack. She's right. Hey... we're gonna figure this out, okay? And you won't be alone, Zack. One of us will be here all the time. That's not necessary. Yes, it is, because we... love you. I'll take the first shift. And I'll write us a schedule. I'll get you whatever you need to keep your job. We'll get through this. Thank you, Dr. Brennan. A simple monomer wouldn't explode. It just wouldn't happen. Isn't the FBI handling the analysis of the explosive residue? Excuse me if my faith in the Bureau isn't absolute. So you don't trust Agent Madison? I'm just getting my own results to double check. I'm sure he's fine, but I'm independent. You suspect that there could be a conspiracy within the Bureau? Do I hear a little 'tude, young man? No. No, no. But why would there be a conspiracy in this case? Totally 'tudeless question. Prominent public figures being murdered and eaten. Evidence that secret societies are being targeted. Societies that have great influence in the halls of power like the Bureau. You don't think that's a bit extreme? You went on Larry King to talk about this case, and TMZ, because you know how big it is. And to get your piece of it. I'm a doctor. I'm merely studying the case like you. Right. Oh, man, I should have known. What? You expect me to tell you the answer, Agent Madison? It's tricyclic acetone peroxide. That's not bad. It reacted with the molten thermoplastic, and... boom. The containers must have been switched. Zack thought he was adding a monomer he had made himself, but it was actually a volatile explosive. Yes, I'm busy. Cancel all my patients. You don't have to tell them anything. - What are you doing? - A word. - I'm on the phone. - Hang up. I'll talk to you later. Tight grip you got there. It's gonna get tighter. So go ahead, tell her. - Tell her what? - Tell me what? - Now. - What? Fine, I'll tell her, OK? I sent my list to the Bureau, they sent it to Sweets. You were the one who decided not to tell Dr. Brennan that I was still alive. He's the one that you should have slugged, so do it. - Go ahead and do it now. - What? You chose not to tell me? - Yes, it's true, technically. - Technically! Okay, I reviewed the list and I decided, knowing Dr. Brennan as I do, that she was, able to handle your death. Slug him. It was a national security issue. The fewer people that knew Booth was alive, the safer you would be. I think that was a good choice. - Awesome. - You do? Yes. You knew that Booth's death was something I could deal with `cause I can compartmentalize. Wait a minute. Why are you mad at me then? `Cause you should have told me personally. Oh, I should have just ignored national security concerns, broken the law and told you? Yes. You know I'm very trust worthy. - Yeah, but Sweets... - Sweets made a professional decision. He knew that I could process your death and move on which is precisely what I did. There's got to be other stuff going on here? - What? - Transference, paranoia. Come on. When I offer her a piece of pie, you say it has deeper meaning. - I don't like pie, Booth. - Apple pie. - She doesn't like baked pie. - I don't like my fruit cooked. Changing the subject is a way to avoid your feelings. My feelings? Okay, now you're attacking my feelings? There's something in the Gormogon vault I think you should see. Slug him. You know, I think it's interesting psychologically how Agent Booth's constant efforts to persuade you to enjoy fruit pie could be interpreted as a kind of seduction. Whatever you two are talking about, just stop it. Zip it. Let's go. You think I don't recognize an experiment when I see one? You experimented on us. - Beg your pardon? - Not telling me Booth was alive, you wanted to quantify our reactions for your own research. You took advantage of us. Booth and I agreed to let you observe us. We did not agree to be used as lab rats, so you better cut it out. Why are you talking so fast? Because if Booth hears why you did what you did, he'd beat you up. Don't you think that'd be an overly aggressive act? Not at all. So you better not do it again. Let's go, Bones. Where are you? On our way. Security had the entrance to this wing locked and the vault itself was secured. The skeleton... - Where'd it go? - We don't know. I came to see if the screws matched the silver in the skeleton, and he was gone. There's security cameras and sensors covering every inch of this place. - They all failed. - All of 'em? When Zack's explosion set off all the alarms, every security camera in the building failed. The door to the loading dock was unlocked. Someone stole the skeleton. Ten minutes before the explosion? Everything is working perfectly. Fast forward, Hodgins passes Zack the container of tricyclic acetone peroxide. I thought it was the monomer. The explosion occurred at 12:03 and 22 seconds. At 12:03 and 22 seconds... - Aren't there any backup systems? - All dead, too. - Where were the guards? - There was as chemical accident. That takes precedence over any other security issue. All personnel went to secure the lab or to secure any point that went to the museum proper, there'd be no loss of life. During that time, the vault and the skeleton would be unsecured. Yes, until the security system was brought back up at 12:18 and 41 seconds. The explosion was a diversion set up by Gormogon. He's here in the lab. It's an inside job. Gormogon works at the Jeffersonian. Either Gormogon or his new apprentice. That is a totally freaky thought. It's Booth. I need a full forensic team sent to the Jeffersonian mobile labs, computers, analysis, the works. No, their equipment could be compromised. Hair, prints, anything? Not since you asked five minutes ago, no. Dr. Saroyan, please don't bother the techs. You have a problem, you see me. It's my people you suspect here. I want to make sure you're doing your job. After all, you're a prosecutor, not a forensic. You have been breathing down our necks for two hours, cherie. Why don't you go get a latte or something? You shouldn't be here anyway. This is my department. I know, and you have full security clearance and complete access to the lab and the vault. Are you saying I'm a suspect now? I'm saying someone's gonna put your name on the list. You were a cop. Wouldn't you? You've got over 30 agents here. Find something. The Medico-Legal lab has over 100 employees. Yeah, all their records are being looked at, including yours and mine. You're just having coffee? Don't you want pie? - I'm fine. - You always have pie. - Can we stop talking about pie? - Because of what Sweets said? I'm just going pie-less, okay? Can we talk for a minute? I have a profile of someone I feel could be Gormogon. No pie? You always eat pie. Stop with the pie. Will you just sit down? All right. You've been spying on us? - More experiments? - What experiments? I'm just being thorough. The dynamics of our work environment play a role in how I treat you and Booth. Can we just get on with it? Who is it? I believe it's Dr. Hodgins. - What is Dr. Hodgins? - Gormogon. He thinks Hodgins is Gormogon. Hodgins exhibits clinical paranoia as well as a rationalized feeling of superiority. Paranoia. Yeah. He's consumed by numerous conspiracy theories. My observations today, he's even suspect of the FBI, with whom he works closely. It's all supposition. There's no concrete evidence. - No. Go on. - Booth! What? Hodgins knew all about the secret societies. He figured out the patterns Gormogon used that led us to the vault. - Yes, he was doing his job. - Or justifying himself. He had access to all the chemicals Zack was using. - He could have changed the labels. - He and Zack are friends. I also had access to the chemicals Zack made. Why am I not a suspect? Well, you have a reverence for life that belies the cold calculations of a killer, and the emotional connection you share with Agent Booth. No, I don't have time for this. No. Don't you know by now you can't rush her? We're trying to catch a killer. I thought it best not to waste time. Look, he's just trying to help, Bones. Well, his opinions won't get you a conviction. - He doesn't have any evidence. - Yeah, but he's a profiler with a great track record. - Who? - Sweets. Sweets says that Hodgins is the killer. That makes sense. - What? - Well, it throws suspicion off him. - Who? - Sweets. You think that Sweets is the killer? He shows up right after you find the Gormogon vault, when Gormogon's at his most vulnerable, and in therapy he plays you two like a cheap piano until you ask - for his help with the case. - Wait. Nobody plays me like a cheap piano. We all trusted the "brilliant, young profiler." I got him security clearance because he was going to help us. He was here. He had the opportunity to switch Zack's chemicals. Except he's not a chemist. He's the only one we can't account for after the explosion. Great, now we sound like Sweets. We have no evidence. I was a cop for ten years, Dr. Brennan. I can smell it on him. I'm sorry, but we need more than your gut feeling. Well, then find it. 'Cause trust me, Sweets is your boy. Dr. Hodgins, knocking would be appreciated. Right. Sorry. So, rumor is, one of us is a suspect. Who is it? - I can't say. You know that. - Of course not. And since it's a rumor, it might not even be true, right? Do you have a legitimat reason to see me, or... are you just here to squeeze me for information? I've found something. Zack said he thought the mandible had been boiled. To remove tissue. I pulled trace elements from the mandible and ran them through the mass spectrometer to see what the bone was boiled in. It was tap water. But, see this spike here? - Lead? - Yes. I thought the city had to replace all their lead pipes. They did, but individual homeowners didn't. I focused on neighborhoods with the highest lead levels. Older homes are the worst offenders. This neighborhood matches the level of lead found on the victim's bone. Isn't that your house? Yes, it is. But there are other people that live Yeah, of course. I'll pass this along to the investigators. Good. Is there anything else? I could have fudged the facts. I could've left my neighborhood out. Yes, but that would have raised suspicion if someone had double-checked your results. If you need me, I'll be at my station... helping. - This is a surprise. - Yeah. Hey, Sweets, where were you after the explosion? I was with you. No, you were with us when the explosion occurred. I mean after. Let's see, I ran to call 9-1-1. Where? In your office. Why? Then what? Then I went to the door to show the EMTs where to go. You didn't come in with them. No, I find it's best to stay out of the way of the professionals in those situations. Oh, I'm sorry. - I forgot one thing. - What's that? I went down to the vault and I stole the Silver Skeleton because I'm... I'm Gormogon's apprentice. That's a confession. You know, I can lock him up for 72 hours. You'd lock me up for sarcasm? I think you should. Wait, you guys actually think that I'm Gormogon's apprentice? Somebody is. That way, I lock you up check out your story and not worry about you running off to Bolivia. - This is fierce wretched. - Better safe than sorry. - Yeah. - No, you're projecting. You have a reasonable hostility toward Gormogon. But you have no outlet for those feelings, so you're using me... Am I gonna have to break out my cuffs? You know what? You are gonna need your cuffs. 'Cause I'm not about to make this easy for you. Hi... How's Zack? Well, he's in a lot of pain, but he won't let me push the painkiller button. He's scared of polka dots, but screaming agony is just an interesting phenomenon. Drugs give me bad dreams. Oh, hey there, Zack. I'm walking somewhere, and suddenly someone takes me by the hand. And I look and it's a skeleton. And the skeleton's on fire, and my hands hurt. Take the painkillers, sweetie. I've been thinking about the explosion, Hodgins. No one could have switched the chemicals. I locked up the container when I left the room. I had the only... key... You... would know, but... you... I'm afraid the painkillers, while pleasant, dull my intellect. Sometimes your friends gotta step in... Dumb it up for you. Don't you think it's time to go home? Sorry, Cam, I... seem to be a bit anxious. Don't worry about it. It's going around. Hodgins came to talk to me, and I almost jumped out of my skin. What's keeping you so late? Looking at the tissue we used for the DNA tests... the victims' DNA alleles in the roots were destroyed. And the marrow alleles were altered. I rembered when I first looked at the jawbone, it seemed lighter in color than I expected. - It was treated with ultraviolet light? - I think so. - Who would do that? - We would. Standard procedure for skeletal remains when we put them away for storage. We have over 10,000 sets of remains waiting to be identified. What better place to hide a skeleton? How do we sift through 10,000 sets of remains? I'd like to welcome all of Dr. Brennan's grad students to Limbo. It's Modular Skeletal Storage. I don't like the moniker "Limbo." Over 10,000 lost souls remain here, Sweetie, unidentified, waiting. It's a good name. Let's just go with it. Each of these boxes contains the skeletal remains of one person. In this case, a skull, two femurs, five vertebrae, miscellaneous phalanges and three molars. What we want you to do is conduct an inventory, making sure that what's in the box corresponds not only to the card in the box - but also to the computer record. - Does it count toward our final grade? Listen, Brennan's grad students, what we're trying to do here is catch a serial killer, not get a gold star from "teach." We think that he's hidden the remains of one or more of his victims here. Bones tucked into boxes where they don't belong. And I think it's fair to say that if you help us catch a serial killer, that - you'll pass your precious course. - That's not necessarily true. If anyone else shows up down here indicating an interest in what you're doing, either tell Ms. Montenegro or shout for Security. Why? Because serial killers get mean when you get close to catching them. This is just creepy. Well, it's the natural order of things. We all end up this way. Thank you, cherie, now you've made it creepy and depressing. I found an extra femur in one of the boxes - and an extra fibula in another. - You sure? The remains in the box were of a four-year-old child. The femur was from a man in his mid-40s to early 50s. - And the fibula? - Also from a middle-aged man. It had recently been boiled. Three other people found extra bones, as well. I found an extra manubrium, a male ulna and a humerus in a box of female remains. Okay, lay out all of the extra bones anatomically. It's already done. Over here. Nice job. I'm third in my class. I'd like the names of the two students in front of you. 45 to 50 years old. Fibula and femur show a height of approximately 180 centimeters. - How tall is that in English? - Approximately 5'8". Have Dr. Saroyan take DNA samples and compare them to all of Gormogon's known victims. - You suspect something, don't you? - I have no facts yet. My opinions are not relevant. Let me make the call, cherie. Give me some of that big brain of yours. Someone removed the mandible from the skull. - It's the one that was sent to you. - I can't say that with certainty. Dr. Saroyan should see if the DNA matches. Didn't you hear her? Get this up to Dr. Saroyan. Now. Dr. Brennan, I think you should take a look at this. All of the canines have been removed from these skulls. Just the canines. I want the security tapes from this room for the last six months. The room isn't covered. - Why not? - It's Limbo. I need to reexamine the mandible Zack was working on before the explosion. Of course you do. It's the lobbyist that disappeared. DNA's a match and so are the dentals. Dr. Brennan's gonna want to take a look at the markings on these. What's that? More cannibal teeth marks on the bone? Gormogon went after this like Henry VIII after a chicken leg. These appear to have been gnawed on, too. They'll probably match the denture marking Zack found. They won't. You haven't looked at them yet. Zack said these markings on the mandible were made by artificial dentures made from polymethyl methacrylate and other polymers. And...? They were not made by artificial dentures. Zack should've known that. He made a mistake. It happens. Not often. I heard Zack was wrong about the dentures - No. - What do you mean? - Cam and Caroline... - He knew they weren't artificial. Any first-year student would know that. The dentures were made from real teeth. All canines. Canines are a symbol of the wolf which appears on the Gormogon tapestry in the vault. Certain ancient sects revered the wolf as a symbol of freedom... as a representative of the forces that will deliver us from persecution. Okay, enough about the wolf. What's going on? Zack lied. Why? He... he took... the teeth from bone storage and he made Gormogon's dentures. Zack has complete access to the lab. He arranged for the explosion himself. It's Zack. He's the killer, Booth. It's Zack. "The theory of conditional expressions "is a non-profound generalization of propositional calculus." What's it say after Boolean forms? There's a little thing that looks like a Japanese stool, then a B with a tail, then a fat fish. This makes sense to you? It doesn't to you? Cam? We need the room. I'm sorry, but I have to ask... are you absolutely certain? Because... I did not see that coming. You looked at the mandible. You had to know I'd see it eventually. I didn't foresee the extent of my injuries. I was going to sneak out of here, but... Your friends never left your side. And you intended to steal the jawbone and add it to the silver skeleton. But you designed the explosion. You must have known exactly how big it would be. Hodgins argued with me. He stood too close. The delay allowed the thermoplastic to reach the boiling point. And as a result, the explosion was three times more powerful than I calculated. You must have known how badly you'd be injured. Yes. - Who's Gormogon, Zack? - That's not what he's called. Then what is he called? The Master. - And you're his apprentice? - I need a name. I can't tell you. The apprentice is expendable. I'm expendable. Who is he? Zack responds to logic, Booth. Really? 'Cause I'd love to hear the logic of killing and eating people to change the world. The Master's logic is irrefutable. Irrefutable? I saw him choking a child at the bottom of a pool. If you knew what I know, you'd understand. You'd be proud of me. I've always been proud of you, Zack. I've never met anyone more rational or intelligent. But there's a fault in your logic. With all due respect, you aren't cognizant of his logic. Assumption number one: secret societies exist. Accepted. Hodgins has been explaining this to me for years. Assumption number two: the human experience is adversely affected by secret societies. Accepted. Assumption number three: attacking and killing members of secret societies will have an ameliorating effect on the human experience. Accepted. All of your assumptions are built upon a first principle, Zack. To wit: the historical human experience as a whole is more important than a single person's life. Yes. Yet you risked it all so you wouldn't hurt Hodgins. There's... You are correct, there's an inconsistency in my reasoning. Bones, I need a name. We know. He first approached me three months ago at a symposium on burning plasma diagnostics. I need to know who this guy is. I need to go get him. Now. I don't know his name. I've never known his name. But I've been to his house. I was blindfolded when he first took me there, but I remember every turn he took and I was able to estimate his speed so when he brought me home, I found it on a map. It's in Benning Ridge, on a street called Savoy Crescent. It's a big place. Almost as big as Hodgins' house, but run down. There's a flight of stairs at the back, outside. There's a blue door. It will be locked, but there's... a key hidden in a crevice to the left of the door just above eye-level. You will see a hallway. If he's found someone, you will smell meat cooking and that's how you'll know you're getting close. One last door and you'll have to be fast. He'll be at the bottom of an incline in the floor. He'll have a knife. He's very fast and he's very strong. - Did you get him? - Got him. - Who was he, Booth? - Nobody. Am I right? He was nobody. An invisible man angry at history for not seeing him. For a nobody, he sure wrecked a lot of lives. Zack confessed to killing the lobbyist. - Stabbed him in the heart. - He never ate anybody? No. - So how did this happen? - Logic. No. I'm sorry, cherie, that might cut it with you eggheads, but this happened the way this always happens. A strong personality finds a weak personality and takes advantage. I hope we fry the guy. That's not gonna be necessary. Good riddance, I say. What'll happen to Zack? I cut a deal. He pleads guilty, cooperates, and we find him non compos mentis. That way, Zack is moved to a secure psychiatric facility instead of going to prison. No, it won't stand up. Zack isn't actually insane. Sweets, you're going to give this one to Bones, you understand? I understand. Good. I probably could have spent more time with Zack. You know, get him to see the world a bit more. All those things I say about secret societies, and conspiracies... I never knew he was listening. - I should have gotten him a girlfriend. - You know what? The hell with Zack. He's an adult. He made his choices. People are who they are. There's nothing any of us could have done for the guy. We love Zack. Well, he killed someone. And he deserves to be locked up for the rest of his life. I feel I must point out that what Dr. Saroyan just said is obviously her way of handling grief. She doesn't mean it. Quite the opposite, in fact. I knew the day I met Zack, he'd cause me pain. So what do you got there, Hodgins? This is, uh... Zack's favorite stuff. What are we going to do with it? Where he's going, they may actually let him have it. Oh... I got him that. Yeah, thanks. He waved that in my face every day. The pocket Kama Sutra. I gave him this, so he'd stop asking Booth sex questions. I got Zack this before he went to Iraq. Hey... I drew this for him. It's interesting that all of his favorite things are objects you people gave to him. I never gave him anything. Brennan, he totally loved you. I mean, as much as he was capable. But I never gave him anything. Angela. "Dear Mr. Addy..." "It is my pleasure to offer you the post of my intern in forensic anthropology." "I chose you from hundreds of applicants because of your knowledge, your desire to learn, and because I feel you will find a home here." I think you gave him something great, Bones. Bones Season 3 Episode 15