on the corner. There's a lot going on, in case you haven't noticed. These girls, they're with me-- Dr. Temperance Brennan, Angela Montenegro from the Jeffersonian. - I need ID. - Check the RI-5 list, Homeland Security. She's their forensic anthropologist. - They're clear. - Thanks. Come on. God, what's that smell? Burnt flesh. Are there a lot of injuries? Four known dead, 15 injured. Oh, my God... Details. Whatever you have. Not much. Witnesses said they saw a Middle-Eastern man, mid-30s, pull up to the cafe, and the car just blew. The vehicle's registered to Hamid Masruk, head of the Arab-American Friendship League. If you know who it is, why do you need me? Because we're hoping we're wrong. Masruk is a White House consultant in Arab relations had lunch with the president just last week. You remember Agent Gibson, Homeland Security? Dr. Temperance Brennan and Angela Montenegro. If Masruk was involved in a terrorist attack, it means we have a huge national security problem. - Not to mention a very humiliated president. The press is already running with this. - If you think I'm gonna alter my... - Not at all. Maybe it's not Masruk. We need to be sure. Booth says you're the best. I need surgical gloves and masks for the retrieval team, sterile medical bags and vegetable oil. Vegetable oil? The oil will loosen the seared body parts stuck to the metal. It's no different than a steak on a grill that sticks. It's okay, you know, I trust you. Should I photograph the scene? Focus on 30-meter radius from the blast. Okay to pick up? Ya know, that's okay to be upset. I wish this is the worst thing I've seen. You know, uh... I don't think I can... Sorry. Well, if you can't either... I'm cool. Zack, I need two more evidence bags. Facial epidermis and the fingertips are completely decimated. We're not going to be able to ID anything from the flesh. It's basically carbon. We're missing the lower left leg and the lumbar spine. - Here's C2 and the right ischium. If Smokey here had access to the president why would he attack a cafe? Smokey? It's how I deal with stress. Targeting everyday places causes panic, people stay home, the economy is crippled-- it's Terrorism 101, man. Take samples from the clothes, see whatever you can find, traces of cologne, laundry detergent... anything that we can link to Masruk's home. I'll grab any particulates that can identify type of bomb. Isn't that the FBI's job? You trust the FBI? You realize those guys are gonna suppress whatever they need to cover their asses. Found a portion of the clavicle. - Are you even listening? - No. They have a separate division, you know. That way their hands are always clean. In 1974... Jack! We're trying to work. Someone seems really defensive about the FBI lately. You realize Booth is just another government stooge... This has nothing to do with Booth. I don't enjoy having squints on my team any more than you like me on yours. But, you know, we're supposed to be working together. Okay? Sure. So what do we do? Group hug? Agent Gibson here will be overseeing things for Homeland Security. I'll try not to be in the way. We don't need to be overseen. That's really not your call, Bones. How soon can we get the DNA match? That'll take days. I can get a match much sooner than that. I have all we need. You're gonna be able to ID him from that? Asking stuff like that is "in the way." Remove any flesh and particulates you can, and then macerate him. If that's all right with you? Don't touch the table. Don't touch the table! This is my lab! I'm a scientist, a doctor. ah, so I've heard. Would you be able to do your job if someone was looking over your shoulder all the time? We do, ok! I developed a tolerance. Sorry, but I don't understand the advantage of compromise. It's a terrorist attack, Bones. It's bigger than you and it's bigger than me. - The job is the same. - No, it's not! We're dealing with someone here who devalues an entire culture, terrorizing people by using God to justify mass murder. You're making it personal. That doesn't help. It is personal, Bones. All of us die a little bit on one like this. All the trace evidence has been stripped. Hodgins scavenged as much as he could. Okay, let's get started. What the hell are those? Dermestes maculatus. Flesh-eating beetles. It's how we clean the bones of burn victims. Gibson. Yes, sir? Yes, sir. The president wants to know how long the ID is going to take. Why don't you ask them? Episode 1x02 : The Man in the SUV Transcript by cfsmp3... Subtitles by Eyedol... Only for www.forom.com {\a6}You've made a mistake. {\a6}It can't be my husband. My brother was no terrorist. He hated those people. You can read his speeches, talk to anyone. We aren't making any accusations. It's all over the news. It's all anyone's talking about. {\a6}We can't control the press, Mr. Masruk. {\a6}How about your men? {\a6}They've searched our house. {\a6}They've talked to our friends. {\a6}Until we can identify the body, {\a6}we have to conduct a thorough investigation. So identify the body. The longer you wait... Do you know what it's like for us? His body was fragmented by the blast. We're still retrieving pieces... {\a6}I understand how difficult this is, not knowing. I'll work as quickly as I can to get you what you need. That's why I asked for his history, where he grew up, any injuries from his youth, medical records... Of course. I brought you what you asked for. Thank you. {\a6}We lived just like you. We came to this country because we love it. We are Americans. It can't be Hamid. It can't. My husband was not a terrorist. {\a6}Could be a perchlorate. {\a6}Wouldn't that be used in a bomb? {\a6}Yeah, but this is a crystalline structure-- aluminum based. {\a6}Okay, I'm back. {\a6}How are we doing? {\a6}We have his detergent brand, cologne, shampoo. {\a6}He died a well-groomed man. Thanks. {\a6}The bones done yet? {\a6}I'll check the beetles. {\a6}Dr. Brennan, whatever you have there... {\a6}It's a piece of paper, that's all, with some writing on it. {\a6}Hard at work? There's a shocker. {\a6}I just saw his wife. She gave me his medical records, photographs... apparently he was ill. They were testing for lupus. Which would explain the face... It must've been painful. Look, I... I know that you needed help out there-- at the crime scene... and I wanted to, but... It's okay. You see it. I don't anymore. I don't know what's worse. You holding up okay? His wife doesn't believe it was him. I've got to give her an ID. Whatever I can do. Yeah, I know. And about this weekend... Angela, I don't know. Oh, come on, Brennan. I know this great club. - They play trip-hop and trance. - I don't know what that means. It doesn't matter. We'll grab Booth... I think he likes you. God, if I were you, I'd buy a ticket on that ride. Look, I'm going to be very busy this weekend. Even after the ID, I have these... Remains from World War I? That's what the Institute pays me for. I've got hundreds of these waiting. And they can't wait one more weekend? They've got relatives. They've waited long enough. It's not that scary, Brennan. You have a few drinks, you move to the music... You might even smile. The bones are clean. I've got to run. You hang around! I may need you. Comparing remains to details provided of Hamid Masruk, age 37, of Afghani origin. Texture of pubic symphysis indicates age of bone consistent with Masruk, as is height. Complexity of the cranial vault sutures matches a statistical probability of Eurasian descent... - Good. - Too bad we can't tell why he did it. Isn't that what we all really want to know? Uneven growth patterns in the vertebrae indicate malnourishment as a child. Consistent with the diet where Masruk was from. Probably evident on the calvarium? Why don't you reconstruct the skull, check it out? My first cranial reconstruction. Evidence of multiple fractures to the bottoms of the feet consistent with methods of torture used in Afghanistan and consistent with Masurk's history. I'm convinced. We have a statistical match. - So Masruk is the bomber? - Yes. What about the skull? You're having the kid reconstruct... This is an educational institute. He wants to learn. Is that okay with you? For a forensic I.D., we have what we need. Now, I'd like to get this data to Booth as soon as I can. I'll take it. No, I don't think so. I work with Booth. That's my deal. Dr. Brennan, I have jurisdiction. Then why don't I destroy my notes and let you guarantee the identity of the remains. It's best to just ride it out... like an earthquake. Bones! - Did we have an appointment? - No, I... It's him. Masruk is the bomber. I guess the wife didn't know the husband very well. Hi. Sorry. Tessa, this is Brennan. Tessa Jankow, Dr. Temperance Brennan. Oh, hi. I've heard a lot about you. Really... - Tessa's an attorney. - Mm, corporate. Keeping the fat cats fat. I was just studying a cranial fissure on a corporate attorney last week. Of course, he was... dead, so... Interesting. Thanks. Well, the Bureau. I was just heading to the Bureau, Santana called, said, uh, something about the bombing, and I thought you were at the lab. Maybe, uh, you should come. Sure. See you later? What is so funny? I just never figured you'd be in a relationship. Why? Do you think something's wrong with me? No, not wrong. You just have alpha male attribute usually associated with a solitary existence. Oh, me? You're solitary. - No, I'm private. It's different. - And we weren't talking about me. - I was. Well, I wasn't. Look, I'm happy for you. Relationships have anthropological meaning. No society can survive if sexual bonds aren't forged between... What the hell are you talking about? - Booth! - Yeah? - You got that I.D.? - Yeah, it was Masruk. Oh, that's too bad. He killed four people and injured another 15. The report came back from Ballistics. Now, the explosives were placed underneath the car with a trigger connected to the odometer. Masruk was murdered. So Masruk wasn't a terrorist. Somebody tried to make him look like one. Any leads on who did it? That's why we're paying you Booth! We're very sorry, Mrs. Masruk. I told you Hamid was the victim, but you wouldn't listen. You couldn't imagine an Arab who was a peace-loving man. - That's not true - No? We must investigate everything, Mrs. Masruk. We must turn your house upside down because we believe</i> your husband was a good man. Is that the truth? No, they searched your house because Muslim extremists have declared war on the United States. Preliminary findings made your husband a suspect, which we are required to... - It's not Bureau policy to target or profile any ethnic group. It wasn't our intention, but I can understand why you may feel offended. - I can't. - Bones... What? She's been a part of a criminal investigation, that's all. Her rights haven't been violated. It's unfortunate that her husband's ethnicity is a factor, but to say that it isn't would be disingenuous. I have to apologize for Dr. Brennan. It's fine, Mr. Booth. Honesty is always a welcome relief. So when can I bury him? When can I give him peace? There are certain body parts that I'm still examining. Others are still seared to the surface of the wreckage. I'm sure Mrs. Masruk doesn't really need to know the details... If I can retrieve more remains of her husband, Muslim law requires that I do. I spent some time in Iraq identifying bodies. I'll give you whatever I can so that he can be purified for burial. Thank you. Is that all? One last thing. A few calls were made to, uh... his cell phone from your house, minutes before the blast... Yes. We argued. It was a family matter. My final words to him were words of anger. I'm very sorry. That must be very painful. You looked very happy in that picture. Thank you. If there's anything else that, you know, you can think of, just give us a call. I think she's having an affair. Personally. She was having an affair! I'm sorry, but that's an offensive assumption. All the signs are there. You can't make wild accusations about somebody's personal life based on a feeling. - It's more than a feeling, okay? That photograph is evidence just as solid as the markers that you squints pick up looking at your little bones. The evidence I find is empirical. What you consider evidence is merely conjecture. She dyed her hair, she lost weight, you know? She shoved a little Botox in her forehead, and she's still feeling guilty over the last fight she had with her husband. You are an insufferable, arrogant... man. Oh, so only a woman can know a woman I thought women wanted us to understand them. Not really. A magician never wants to reveal her tricks. - We're having a private conversation. - I'm not here. So you think you know women just because you live with some sexy lawyer? Unbelievable. You live with a sexy lawyer? She has her own place, okay? He thinks just because Masruk's wife started working out, had a little makeover, that she's having an affair. - How long were they married? - 11 years. I'm with him. There is no concrete proof. - Boobs perkier? - Mm-hmm. I don't believe this. If you're so sure, then why didn't you confront her? Because if she or her boyfriend were involved, she would warn him. - Very good. I'm a constant surprise. All right, great. I will be in the lab getting us some real data. So... How many nights a week does "Sexy" sleep over? How's it coming? The ethmoid and sphenoid fragments won't piece together. Zack, I'd like to return the remains to the widow before her demise. I'm doing my best, Dr. Brennan. The integrity of the bone seems to be compromised. I don't know if it's from the metal fragments from the blast. I examined the chemicals used in the explosives. The perchlorates I found can have a degenerative effect. Not this quickly. Excuse me. Unusually soft bone tissue... You know, this has nothing to do with the blast. I owe you an apology, Zack. Do you have his medicals? Stiff joints, facial disfigurement... There's a disorganized trabecular pattern here that his doctors wouldn't have been able to see. It could be a degenerative disease. I don't get it. How does his medical condition figure into the murder? Now it's a murder. Before, it was terrorism, because we didn't have all the facts. You don't overlook anything when you're looking for the truth. Check for lupus and Paget's. Do you have enough tissue? - Yeah, I can manage it. - If those come back negative, he might have been exposed to a toxin, which would mean his brother was, too. He's exhibiting similar symptoms. I'll get the brother's medicals. I graduated top of my class, Rhodes scholar the youngest member inducted into the Academy of Physical Sciences, but she still makes me feel like a cretin. She apologized to me. Yes, I am a Christian. But Hamid is a Muslim, and Sahar... I converted. Hamid could never accept it. Religious differences cause too many problems. Seems to be a consistent fact throughout history. Please. I tried to make peace with my brother, but it was difficult. There was more than religion between us. Sahar mentioned that there were some, uh, family problems. Yes I can understand how, uh, delicate they can be. Did she tell you any more than that? No, but, I mean, if you have, uh, any other information that could help us in the investigation... It's not my place. We're just trying to find out who killed your brother. Sahar was seeing another man, but I can't believe she'd hurt my brother. Do you know who this other man is, or is it just a feeling you have? I've met him. Ali Ladjavardi. He worked with Hamid at the Friendship League. I wanted Hamid to confront Ladjavardi. Did both you and Hamid have contact with Ladjavardi? Yes, once. A meal. I brought Hamid to meet him. Sharing a meal is a gesture of peace. I was trying to save their marriage, but Sahar and Ladjavardi were not going to stop their affair, so I told Hamid to repudiate her. I'm sorry? In Muslim law, it's a method of divorce. It's called Talaq. I still respected his traditions. You and your brother seem to share a medical condition. - Why is that important? - We don't mean to embarrass you, but Dr. Brennan is just trying to figure out the condition. It's routine, part of the investigation. - Have you seen a doctor? - Yes. He believes it's a genetic disorder we share. He was going to call Hamid's physician to discuss it. Would you mind if we saw your medical records? Of course not. If I could be helped, I welcome it. Apparently, they live together a few days a week. But he was very clear that she has her own place. Should you be intruding into their lives like this? - Oh, yeah. Absolutely. - We're negative for lupus and Paget's. When you're done, I'll do a scraping for environmental contaminants. I found these: shiny flakes that caught onto the torn edges of bone. Bottom line, I still think Brennan has a shot with Booth. But she says she's not interested. Methinks the lady doth protest too much. Maybe she protesteth just enough Please. She's been sleeping alone for months. She has enough pent up sexual energy to power a small midwestern city. This looks like gypsum. It wouldn't cause any organic damage. It was probably used to insulate the explosives. Bet the FBI doesn't know that yet. I'm going to go check out this girlfriend. I'm not proud of the affair. I admired Hamid. But Sahar and I are in love. I can't change that. You worked with Hamid. - You had access to his car. - That's ridiculous! You also had contact with his brother, Farid, who said you were less than friendly with Hamid. Have you ever been in the middle of a messy relationship, Agent Booth? Or are you a perfect man? I'd prefer to ask the questions, Mr. Ladjavardi. And I have the right for an attorney. Have you called the number I gave you? Of course, you know, I would never deny anyone his rights. Mr. Ladjavardi... I'm Special Agent in Charge Santana. We're sorry for the inconvenience. You're free to go. Thank you. - You're finished. - What the hell was that all about? He was a prime suspect. He's a mole for Homeland Security. They planted him in the Arab-American Friendship League. He admitted the affair. Maybe, but Homeland Security says he's clean. They do not want his cover blown. - But, sir... - Do I look like I'm discussing this? Come on. You want me to drive? No. Why? - You're angry. - I'm not angry. Yeah, you're furious. You're going to kill somebody. I am not angry. Believe me, you do not want to see me angry. That's the last thing you want to see. This is me accepting reality. Okay, my mistake. My superiors, they make the decisions, Bones. All right? They don't think them through, that's really not my problem. If I were you, I'd be mad. Homeland Security is preventing you from doing a proper investigation of a murder case. I'm a grown-up. I'll deal. You know that thing where you ask for the strength to change the things that you can and the wisdom to know the difference? Not really. Well, that's a good thing. Who do you ask? - For what? - For the strength and the wisdom? God. And it works? Can we talk about something else? Sure. Tessa? Tessa? No. - Why do you want to talk about Tessa? - Why? Why not? I'm sorry. We won't talk about Tessa. I prefer if we would just stay on point and talk about things that you like to talk about like dead people. Dead bodies. Sure, sure. You've killed a lot of people, right? When you were a sniper? Maybe we shouldn't talk at all. Right, 'cause you're angry. I'm not angry. Not. We'll find out who killed him, Booth. We've got Hamid's body. You can always count on the dead. When Booth sends over the brother's medicals, I want them matched to Hamid's. I'm starting on a tox screen. Farid said that his doctor suspected a genetic condition. Maybe we're overlooking something. What is that? We used the trace elements we recovered to try and rebuild the bomb. It might give you another link. Isn't the FBI working on that? Yeah-- this is just for fun. To see who's better? Maybe. A little. Yeah. Good luck. Ta-da. Nice job. No wonder you had such trouble with the reconstruction. Look at the spread of the trabecular pattern in the bone. Microscopic fissures, like cracks. - I knew that. - I don't think so. Can we focus? The spread was too rapid for any organic bone disease or genetic condition. It's definitely a toxin. Is there any surviving marrow to test? I'll try and find some. Let's do it. The marrow's degraded. I can give you basics, but that's it. Well, according to these tests, the liver function was impaired. His body was trying to get rid of whatever was poisoning him. There is trouble in paradise. I beg your pardon? Tessa does not feel secure in that relationship. - I think she's threatened by you. - You talk to her? She didn say much, but even though she has a phenomenal figure, she was chowing down on a fat-free muffin. And she was reading a book about unsolved FBI cases. She's obviously feeling insecure. She's spying for you? Even if you have nothing in common, it's difficult to sublimate intense sexual attraction. And we hear it's been a while. Okay, stop! He is there for the taking, honey. Okay, I couldn't get his medical records. - What? - Uh, nothing. Trying to track down the doctor. Don't need him. It's definitely a toxin. - But we can't determine what kind. - Too bad the liver is cooked. That could tell us everything. I need subtitles walking in here. The liver is like a filter. It would contain evidence of any toxins in the system. But we don't have the liver or any of the flesh left. But we do have the beetles. They ate Hamid's flesh and whatever organs remained. And as we all know, you are what you eat. So you can I.D. the poison from the beetles? You can't kill them. They have names. We have to, Zack. Some. In Thailand, they're sautéed in peanut oil. We're going to have to run a simulation. I need you to input the skull and give me a face. You got it. And no more talk about Booth. You shouldn't have gotten involved. - But that's what friends are for. - Please, Angela... Hey, whoa, where did you get this? I'm building it-- theoretical construct of the bomb based on the particulates we gathered. This isn't your job, the Bureau's doing this. Got it! They were poisoned by dioxin. A very pure form. It would stay in his system for years, cause cancer, diabetes, heart attack and the facial cysts and bone degeneration we saw. Give me the saturation levels. Angela can use it in the simulation to give us an approximate date of ingestion. - How much would it take to poison them? - Just a little slipped into their food. Like at that lunch they both had with Sahar's lover. Impressed? Dioxin levels were 5,600 parts per trillion. Speed of bone degeneration is an 80% increase over baseline osteoporosis. Date of death was... I remember that one, thanks. Run the scenario. I will never get used to this. Chicks with toys. Poor bastard. Match it to his INS photograph, see how accurate you are. Good work, Angela. Probable date of exposure... about four months ago, I'd say first week in June. Let's go pay a little visit to Mr Ladjavardi. I thought you were told to stay away from him. Yeah. And, as an FBI agent, I cannot disobey my superior. But you're not an FBI agent. Hey! Hi. How you doing? What the hell are you doing here? - You had orders. - No, not me. I... I just have a couple of quick questions for you. Look, I'm not involved in this. - Sahar won't even talk to me anymore. - Yeah. I wonder why. - I'm calling Santana. - Yeah, I don't think so. I'm warning you. I wouldn't threaten her if I were you. Look, I just want to know where you were in June, first week, to see if you poisoned Hamid and Farid. - Subtle. - I'm leaving. That's it. Told you. She doesn't like to be touched. I didn't poison anybody. Then tell me where you were in June. In Utah, for training with Homeland Security. I didn't get to D.C. until August 12. Check with the department. All right. Thanks. The insulation they used is gypsum-based, with plaster and lead mixed with asbestos. Pyrobar. It's a fireproof tile developed in 1903 by the United States Gypsum Company. It was only used for a few years. So it probably came from the building the bomb was constructed in. We find the building, and we find the bomber. How about this? Sahar wants out of the marriage. Hamid refuses. So Sahar poisons him so that she can run off with Lajavardi. Doesn't make sense. When someone dies, the first suspect is the spouse. Well, at about Hamid's brother? Did she poison him, too? Why not? He's pushing his nose into their marriage. Suddenly, Sahar is facing a devout Muslim and a fundamentalist Christian. And, you know, nobody allows divorce, and she's pushed to murder. - That eschews logic. Come on, Bones! Just work with me here!. It's what we in law enforcement call <i>positing a scenario</i>. And don't use the word <i>eschew</i>. What if you and Tessa were going to break up, but you didn't want to? - Which I don't. - Well I'm <i>positing a scenario</i> Tessa wants to break up, an you don't want to, so she poisons you. And then, just to make sure, she blows you up with a bomb. - Why would Tessa do that? - Exactly. Thank you. 'Cause Tessa and I... that's a bad example. You're a couple in love, right? Why do you keep bringing up Tessa? I mean, why? What's the big deal? Is it so odd for you that I have someone in my life? We were talking about couples. It's a natural segue. You know, you have to quit using the word <i>segue</i> and <i>eschew</i>. All right? They sound French. You keep changing the subject. I get it. You're sensitive about you and Tessa. Why aren't we talking about you and your boyfriend? I don't have a boyfriend. You just said that as though it's a good thing. And you know what? It's a very, very, sad comment on your personal life. Look, you're angry again. Brennan. The bomb insulation was made from Pyrobar, which was used by an architect named William Allard. He was known for developing the Woodley Park neighborhood around 1910. Hang on a second, Zack. - The bomb was made in Woodley Park. - That's where Farid lives. Okay, hold on. No wonder we couldn't get his medicals. He already knew what was poisoning him. Just stay in contact with your boys, and tell them we're going to need them. Listen, Bones, we're heading into a very unknown situation. I think it's best that you just stay in the car. Okay, then, you know, if you have to come in with me, then you stay behind me. Fine. Just be careful, all right? Okay, anybody asks, that door was open. Stay right here. FBI, Farid! Show yourself. Clear. Can you get me Hodgins? Farid was making something here. I've got melted plastic, bottles of chlorine... Dioxin. That's how you'd make it. Bones! The insulation. Farid definitely made the bomb. He killed his brother. - Stay with me, Hodgins. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hamid must have been killed because he found his brother making dioxin. All right, that's probably how they got contaminated. Come on. Mechanic's Guide for Hamid's SUV. Page on the odometer... dog-eared. He wasn't a Christian. Deceit in the service of Allah is holy. The Koran? No. An Imam's twisted interpretation of the Koran, so that mass murders don't have to feel guilt. He's made another bomb. It's out there, right now. I'm convinced. What's the dispersal rate for a bomb packed with, say, two liters of dioxin? A homemade device similar to the car bomb? That could be 300 to <i>500 meters.</i> If the victims weren't killed, they'd develop cancer, blindness, lesions, diabetes... Today's day is marked. Call Homeland Security. They'll secure the apartment. There's a convenience store across the street from Farid's apartment. The owner saw him get on to a bus and head downtown. We're not sure what bus. Booth is checking with the <i>FBI now.</i> If you find anything... I know. It's just these bus schedules are totally confusing. Yeah. We saw his datebook. He had 5:30 circled. Just check anything that has anything to do with 5:30-- begins, ends, whatever. Yeah. I'm not going anywhere. Angela's checking, too. I still don't understand why Farid would kill his brother. Because both of them were developing symptoms, man, and people were going to start asking questions, and then Farid would have been exposed. He had a mission to accomplish. How the hell does he think he's bringing about a better world by blowing people up? Fanaticism and logic don't go hand in hand. It's almost 5:30. Come on, Angela. Anything between Woodley Park and downtown. Three movies start at 6:00, there's a lecture at Fuller Hall on birds. I can't imagine that will be crowded. And a peace conference at the Hamilton Cultural Center. There'll be speeches by Arab mo</i>derates and a congressman. That looks like the one. Peace conference, Hamilton Cultural Center. That's it. That's got to be it. Okay, Gibson, just get your boys over to the Hamilton Cultural Center. Just keep them back when you get there. You understand me? If you spook this guy, he'll blow himself up before we can take him out. - Thanks, Angela. - Bye. Bye. - You know, you don't have to come. - You've got to be kidding me. {\a6}We'll start down here and we'll make our way upstairs. Welcome to the Hamilton Cultural Center Peace Conference.</i> We would ask that all delegates check in at the orientation...</i> located at the east atrium before... for the keynote speaker address. There are too many ways in. Where are the reinforcements? Aren't there always reinforcements? - They're downstairs tying up the horses. - Sarcasm doesn't help. Ok they're mobilising squad team and additional agents, but it takes time. If Farid has the bomb, spots them, that could be bad. - If you see him, will you shoot? - Well, he might not have the bomb. You don't believe that. I'm not taking out a target, Bones, unless I'm sure. Is that how you make it easier? Calling him a target? You know, you really picked an odd time to have this conversation. Booth. Farid? There! That's Farid. I'm not sure. Look, his walk is labored from the dioxin poisoning, and the parietal bones in his skull match his picture. His back's to us. What if you're wrong? This is what I do, Booth. Do you really want to wait? He's carrying something heavy in his camera bag. See? The actual weight is causing his shoulder to... - No, I can't. - He has all the markers, Booth. - I need a face. I need a face! - Farid! On the ground! He's going for the bomb! I told them to tell the press that it was an undercover operation. But it would be a Rose Garden ceremony. That's an honor, right? I thought you FBI guys liked your medals. There's no pleasure in taking someone's life. It's nothing to celebrate. You saved so many people, Booth. Don't forget that. Want another drink? Shouldn't you be getting home? Tessa will be worried about you.