This is the only one found whole. - He's in good shape. - 1500 years old - he shouldn't look this good. Which is why we're here. We authenticate the finest set of Iron Age remains ever found, or dash the hopes of a thousand scholars. Let me know how it turns out. Dr Goodman, this is prestigious. Arert you going to be a part of the team? - I have an institution to run. - Didrt you used to be an archaeologist? Yes, Mr Addy. Thanks for reminding me. X-rays, pictures - we'll do this without touching the skeleton as much as possible. - Kid gloves? - Latex should be all right. - Zack, were you being metaphoric? - I decided to give it a shot. Which is also metaphoric. I need a receptionist. I can't have just anybody waltzing in here. Take a look at this. - A bunch of red circles? - Each circle is where a body part was found. - Is it an airport? - Los Angeles International. - Pathologist says remains are in bad shape. - So they punt it to the FBI? Airports fall under federal jurisdiction. Nice use of the word "punt". I can't go to LA. I have an Iron Age warrior to authenticate. Iron Age warrior? When was the Iron Age? - 1500 years ago. - Fresh body bits are a little bit more urgent. There are more fresh bodies than perfect specimens from the Iron Age. When you say that, it's just to bug me, right? - Do we have to go through this every time? - Exactly. Booth can'tjust say, "Pack your bags, we're going to LA." Yeah, the whole Ice age warrior thing. Iron Age. And that's not the only thing. Homeland Security has asked Dr Brennan to identify three bodies in... - I'm not allowed to say. - The point is, Dr Brennan is in great demand on several pressing cases and she's needed here at the museum. - Why should I send her to California? - Sexy case in Hollywood? How much more good press could the Jeffersonian get? But, Dr Goodman, you said the Iron Age warrior was of the highest priority. I can step in on that case. You pack your bags. This car doesn't feel very FBl-y. Bones, this is a 1966 Mustang. It's a classic. What goes better than that with the FBI? How come on the rental agreement, you made the guy write sedan? Come on, we're in California! - Look. Palm trees. - You know, I'd like to drive sometime. - Our contact is Special Agent Tricia Finn. - I'm an excellent driver. - OK, Rain Man. - I don't know what that means. I'm always going to drive. Me behind the wheel and you on the grandma side. I'm not above telling Deputy Director Cullen what kind of car you rented. Do you want us to do something orjust stand here and watch? - I'm getting a feel for the fella. - A feel? No bugs on him. Havert been for over 1,000 years. - There may be spores and pollens, correct? - Probably not. Dozens of pollens have been discovered from the Cretaceous era. When was that? 65 million years. That was a pretty good comeback. We have to be at the top of our game. We all know you'll say, "I'm unable to authenticate with confidence." - Why? - When you declare something authentic, you risk being proven wrong. That doesn't happen if you equivocate. As head of the Jeffersonian, he'll place the reputation of the institution over everything. I'm an archaeologist. My findings will be congruent with the facts. With all due respect, you used to be an archaeologist. I have no idea what's going on between you two right now. - Agent Finn, why was the body removed? - Call me Tricia, Dr Brennan. It was removed because parts were visible to arriving flights. Here's a map of the crime scene. There's a marked cone at the location of each body part and each photo corresponds to a cone. That's how they do it in your book. - She got that from me. - This is not a dismemberment. Are you sure, Bones? This is Los Angeles. They're showy. Is it possible the parts were ground up in a landing gear, then dumped on landing? The dispersal rate is wrong. It looks to me like the body was pulled apart by a pack of dogs. - More likely coyotes. - Coyotes? - We got coyotes everywhere. - You know that? - No, I thought coyotes were a cowboy thing. - I'd like to see the remains now. (Bones) I need the dirt, silt, pieces collected with the body parts sent to the Jeffersonian. You know what I like? When there's no flesh on the bones. Just a personal preference. - There's not much left anyway. - You know, Dr Brennan, as a screenplay writer myself, I'd be happy to help in any way I can with your movie. - Excuse me? - They're making your book into a movie. Say something, Bones. All I know is I'm supposed to meet some big movie producer while I'm here, if I have time. Does the pathologist need any access to the remaining soft tissue? No. He got everything out of it he could. So my screenplay is about this FBI agent who is on the trail of a former boyfriend... - Oh... Um... God. - It's OK if you have to leave. - This is not good. - Thanks for that insight. No. I mean, the architecture of the skull has been radically altered. By rotting and being eaten by coyotes and having the face ripped off by you? No. By surgery. Lots of surgery. I'm not sure I'll be able to tell who this was. - Are you getting the feed, Zack? - Yes, I'm looking at the x-rays. I'm going to have the bones cleaned, but there's still vestiges of flesh. - Hodgins got the clothing remnants and silt. - Are you there, Ange? Hey! Is it sunny, sweetie? Tell me it's sunny. It's sunny. I sent you the entire skull. - You want a reconstruction? - If you can. If I can? Have I ever failed you? This one's different. You'll see what I mean. Zack. - I'm here. - I make this a young woman. - Early 20s from the look of the x-rays. - Cause of death? I see evidence of stabbing. One hit to the sternum, two to the costal can'tilages. - Estimated time of death? - Body was in the open for a week to ten days. The marks on the bones suggest carnivorous feeding beyond insects and rodents. - Coyotes. - They have coyotes? - Yes. - That'll explain the dispersal of remains. A pack of coyotes finds the body, pulls it apart and spreads out to eat in solitude. - The teeth are veneered. - The jaw has been broken and reset. Same with the right leg. You seen any movie stars? - No. Why? - Apparently it's a contest when you go to LA, in which the winner is the person who sees the most celebrities. - You have a whole skull, right? - Yes. - So why is this going to be so difficult? - You'll see. Ange, on the Iron Age project, Goodman does this thing, Hodgins isn't going to like it. - What thing? - He theorises in a way. It sounds like he's making stuff up. It's hard to explain, but it's going to irritate Hodgins. Honey. You're in California. Forget the Iron Age. Say these words: Sky Bar. Go there tonight. Tell me everything. Dr Brennan, one of these x-rays shows two dark clumps near the pelvis. Behind what's left of the spleen? I got a list of missing persons of women in their 20s. Oh, do I really have to be here for this part? - Think she swallowed that? - Could be she was a drug mule. - It's an implant. Breast implant. - Those come with serial numbers. We should be able to identify our victim in a couple of hours. Unlike other burials in which the remains were found in a semi-fetal position, this fellow was found on his back, arms at his sides, with a piece of antler on his chest. - Do you actually need me here? - The antler honours him as a hunter, although his weapons tell us he was a warrior. He was in his mid-30s when he died. He was 1.8 metres tall. - There's the Hollywood crime to sift through. - Six foot one? A big man for his time. Feared by his foes, respected by his neighbours. - You encourage that much conjecture? - His bones bear the marks of battle. His weapons are of good quality, well used. He was old for a warrior, yet how did he die, Mr Addy? Looks like tuberculosis. A proud man. It's not the ending he would have wanted. Yet he was surrounded by family and friends. - A good death. - Oh, please. You're describing a scene from <i>Lord of the Rings.</i> - I liked that movie. - He was buried with respect. Weapons, jewellery. His family did not stint or pilfer. - Have you found any spores or fungi? - Yes. They correspond both with the time he lived and the geography in which he was found. - What? - I'd like details. - A written report? - Yes. Our findings will have to bear scholarly scrutiny from our peers. What's his problem? - My hotel doesn't even have a pool. - You're welcome to use mine. - The breast implant lead went nowhere. - What about the serial numbers? They were stolen six months ago. Victim must have got them off the black market. - There's a black market in breast implants? - We have the name of the doctor. Who uses a black market breast implant? Back alley plastic surgeons use them. They're not even real doctors. - Are you writing the screenplay? - What screenplay? - The one based on your book. - Maybe the producer I'm meeting will tell me. OK, guys, let's turn our attention back to the murder victim. I'd like to visit Dr Boobs. If implants were stolen from him, he won't know anything. Because it's the only lead that we've got, Finn, and leads are great for screenplays or even, say, if you're working a real case. (Booth whistles) I have something for you. - <i>(sighs)</i> Is it chocolate? - No. Then I find my interest has flagged. Nice. Who is it? It's the Hollywood murder victim. Oh, my God. I see what Brennan means. This womars had a lot of surgery. - What's with Goodman and Hodgins? - They're guys. They should lay 'em out on the table and measure. - Lay what out on the table and measure? - OK, awkward moment. Let's just say they have different approaches. And they're guys. OK? - I'm a guy. - You're more highly evolved. This girl didn'tjust change her face, she changed her skull. This'll make Brennan nuts. - You know one thing. - What? She's gonna be beautiful. Why go through all this pain and not end up beautiful? Do the names Michael Jackson or Joan Rivers mean anything to you? One of them. The other I'll look up. Every culture nurtures ideals of beauty toward which people strive. Fine. But in the future, people will look back upon the surgical alterations of the nose or breasts with the same horror we regard binding of feet or bronze coils to extend the neck. You want to speak up cos it's hard to hear every word in this quiet waiting room? It's barbaric. It's painful. It's wrong. This murder victim may never be identified cos a glorified barber with a medical degree had the arrogance to think he could do better than evolution. - Know what producer you're meeting? - My publisher didn't give me a name. - I don't know what a producer does. - Nobody does. But it's really important. - Dr Kostov will see you now. - You can remain here, Agent Finn. Yes, sir. - You recognise this, Dr Kostov? - High profile, double lumen, full C saline. It's from a shipment of implants you reported stolen six months ago. You're returning one implant to me?! - I found it in the remains of a murdered girl. - Any implants been recovered? Yeah. Three weeks ago. A faulty one had to be removed by a surgeon out in the Valley. - From whom? - A Heidi. - What's that mean? - LA-speak for call girl. LAPD can tell you what agency the girl was working for. - You have the most beautiful bone structure. - I can't take credit. It's genetic. - How old are you? - Why do you want to know? It's never too early to watch problem areas - the jaw, the little pouches beneath the eyes. - Do you mind? - You touch her, she'll break your arm. - She thinks what you do is... - Barbaric. No. Don't look at me. I like my face the way it is. - <i>(Angela) I'm having a bad time with the skull.</i> - Did you fill in the surgical scoring? I can't be definitive. All the usual indicators have been modified. I reconstructed three facial variations. She had her cheek bones shaved, her chin changed, herjaw reconstructed. That's just her bones. We don't know what she did to the soft tissue - her nose, her brows, her cheeks. Start with her basic architecture and go from there. The basic architecture is what I can't find. - Make a best estimate. - Did you just tell me to guess? No. I said make a best estimate based upon your experience and expertise. OK. Well, dress it up however you want, but it's still a guess. Look, my experience and my expertise don't extend to this. A facial reconstruction might not be helpful. Angela, I told you it'd be hard. Just do what you can. OK, Bren, you're being a little edgy and tart with me. And all I'm trying to do is tell you the truth. What this young woman did to herself, it's as if she completely removed her own identity. Who hates herself so much that she not only changes her looks, but her core architecture? If we don't know who she is, then how will we catch the person who murdered her? - Is that your way of apologising? - Yes, Angela. I accept. I love your guts, sweetie. (Bones) According to LAPD, a black market breast implant from the same shipment - was in another girl from Aphrodite Escorts. - <i>(Finn)</i> Missing anyone? We're not looking into your business. We're just trying to solve a murder. - I haven't heard from Rachel in two weeks. - Is that unusual? I prefer to ask the questions my own way, Agent Finn. Thanks. Rachel booked out at a one-week rate. She knows to check in if the client wants to extend the contract. It's time to worry. Do any of these women resemble Rachel? If I had to pick one, this is the closest, but not really. - Rachel have a last name? - Rachel wasrt even her real first name. She goes by Rachel LaChance. Rachel went to Vegas with a long-time customer. I need his name. Miss Bardu, it's always the same story. Beautiful young woman, somebody wants to meet her, somebody can't have her, somebody dies. Dr Anton Kostov. An assembly line nip-tucker in town. - If that's all? - Do you have a card, Miss Bardu? We provide a law enforcement discount. Do you have any idea what Rachel looked like before plastic surgery? Which time? The skull is in extremely good shape. Cranial measurements are congruent with ancient Saxons, Celts, and pre-Aryans. - Which matches the location of the find. - I used Saxon tissue depth for the markers. However, every skull requires its own unique demands. Are you certain of your calculations? More certain than I am on Brennars Hollywood hooker case. This is a Pict. "Picti" actually means "painted ones" in Latin. The Romans feared them. Very little is written about them or by them. - Fierce warriors falsely reported to be small. - He's a Pict. So what? The Picts are from the far, far north of the British Isles, far above Hadriars Wall. The remains were found at an archaeological site in southern England, near Wales. - A Pict can't go for a walk? - His remains are an archaeological anomaly. This is unique in that no Pict has ever been found this far south before. If we remove the clothing and take a closer look at the bones... - It's a face. Maybe Angela got it wrong. - Hey! Or Zack screwed up the measurements. This Pict business sounds like one of your stories. Enough. - Are you trying to get fired? - Science is no country for storytellers, baby. Kostov knew Rachel as a patient and she knew him as a client. Kostov wasrt the victim's only plastic surgeon. These are ten-times magnifications of the jawbone surgery. - Kostov doesn't do work this sophisticated. - So she had more than one plastic surgeon. Zack Addy. I live to serve. This facial surgery, the edges of the bone are almost scalped as if the blade simultaneously cut and applied torsion. You need to know if this is sanctioned by the American Medical Association. You think Kostov is performing illegal surgery? It won't help us discover her identity, but it might help us catch her killer. - That's the point, Bones. - What? - To catch the murderer. - I'm sending you a catalogue. Soil samples, pollen, particulates, etc, that were on the body parts. Nothing too surprising except for e-glass fibres. - She didn't pick that up in a field. - It's marine fibreglass. The victim was on a boat before she died. Also, look. It's a fingernail. Probably hers. I sent it to the FBI crime lab to run DNA tests. That's zirconium, not a diamond, so I guess she wasrt a high-class prostitute. All the perturbations are consistent with recent surgeries, except for fractures in the right tibia and fibula, which indicate traumatic compression. The victim had her leg crushed, probably in a car accident around age 13. - That's my cellphone! - I analysed the molars. Oxygen and strontium in the enamel indicate early childhood in New England. The dentin suggests six to ten years in Southern California. Miss Bardu, hi. I reconsidered your offer. - Can I have one of your ladies? - You're ordering a prostitute on my phone?! Did Rachel ever do a two-on-one special? - The old two-on-one special. Classic. - What's a classic? - Just send whoever she worked with most. - You're ordering a hooker to my hotel? - Did you say hooker? - How come I never go on these trips? You have looser daily allowances than I do. Well, have fun. I have to get up early tomorrow. - Why? - I'm meeting that producer. Oh, you're one of those guys. - What guys? - Those guys who say they just want to talk. I do just want to talk. - I'm an FBI agent. - OK, I get the drill. What am I playing? No, really, Leslie, I... I really am an FBI agent. I just want to ask you some questions, that's all. - About what? - About your friend Rachel. I'm sorry, but I think... I think she's been murdered. This can't be happening. God. Rachel was so nice. She was really an actress. You know, the way I'm really a singer. We all say we're something different than what we are. None of us want to be what we are. - Do you know Rachel's real name? - Candice. Candice Hayden. But I doubt that was her real name. She said she was from Stockton, but I said I was from Coeur d'Alene and was lying. Know why anyone would want Candice dead? We see things we shouldn't all the time. We know things about powerful people they don't want us to. Did Candice have anyone in her life? Nick... for a while. I forget his last name, but he played some kind of terrorist on <i>24.</i> He got killed in, like, four seconds. - Nick know that Candice was a call girl? - No. Not at first. And when he found out, he was really mad. He smashed out all the windows of her car. I'm sorry, miss, but you're gonna have to leave. I don't know what your problem is, but this is my little sister. I'm visiting from Coeur d'Alene. I asked her here for a drink, which is taking a long time. - I'm sorry, sir. But we have strict rules... - You might want to have a little respect. And check on those drinks for us, OK, pal? - Yes, sir. - Thank you. Thank you. So we're just gonna sit here and have a drink? - That's all? - That's all, Leslie. Have a drink. Enjoy the view. Pretend we belong. And later, catch a murderer. Agent Booth, can I have a moment, please? Um, have I done something to offend you? I'm not really into this West Coast "in touch with your feelings" thing. Yeah. I'm really good at my job. And I've been nothing but cooperative and helpful to you, but you just freeze me out. Mm-hm. I know you've nothing against working with women cos you're partners with Dr Brennan. So your problem must be with me. Look, I don't have anything against you. I just don't like the way you view the FBI. - What do you mean? - This is a proud and noble job, but you're using it to get to something else. My advice: Write your script, get an agent. Hell, have a little plastic surgery. But quit using my FBI as a stepping stone into something that you think is better, because in my book there is nothing better. I'm here with Penny Marshall, one of the most prolific "hyphenates" in Hollywood. Actress, producer, and director of such hits as <i>A League of Their Own</i> and <i>Big.</i> Her latest project is <i>Bred in the Bone,</i> a thriller based on the novel by crime-fighting anthropologist Dr Temperance Brennan. - OK, so how did this all come together? - I have no idea. Well, my brother Gary gave me the book and I liked it. Then this bidding war started. And I usually don't get into that kind of thing, but... - That's gotta be a thrill for a first-time author. - I wasrt actually there. You must be a big fan of Penny's films. So which one's your favourite? Well, I enjoyed her humorous treatment of the time-space paradox. Big! That's very funny. Time-space paradox. Penny, who is gonna write the script? Don't I get to do that? - We'll talk. - <i>(phone rings)</i> Cut, stop, whatever you say. Brennan. Well, I want to come with you. I have to go cos we have a suspect and I have to go. Would you look at that... passion! Pretty good chance one of these leaping losers is our killer. - You always think it's the boyfriend. - He loved her. He found out that she was a prostitute. I'd say anyone who plays this stupid game is capable of murder. Well, then we've got this case sewed up. Why don't you just go and arrest them all? Excuse me, guys. Ladies. Ladies, gentlemen, excuse me. Please. - You're excused. - Anyone who isn't Nick Harvison get the ball. God, she was so sweet. I thought about getting back with her, even though... You broke all the windows in her car? What would you do if you found out your girlfriend was a prostitute? - When did you last see Rachel? - Sandra. Her name was Sandra Cane, at least as far as I knew. - When did you last see Sandra? - About a month ago. I was tending bar. - Did you speak to her? - No. No, I was working. So was she. But I didn't kill her. How could you not know what she was doing for money? Did you know her at all? She said she was modelling. The thing about Sandra is that, as pretty as she was, she was just never pretty enough. She'd be all black and blue and then she would heal and she would look beautiful. I mean, really beautiful. And we'd be sure something was gonna break for her. Then, of course, it wouldn't. And then she would be back in front of that mirror. And no matter what I said... Look, I never knew her. I never understood her. I'm probably the last guy you should be asking about her. - He's an actor. Of course he's convincing. - I don't know. He doesn't seem to work much. He's playing volleyball in the middle of the day. Just an observation. - I have an announcement. - You are unable to authenticate the skeleton? - That is correct. - Told you. Given the inconsistencies between the specimers geographic location, physiognomy and artefacts, I cannot authenticate the find. Is this because of how I made him look? Cos there's an amount of subjectivity involved in recreating a face. A certain amount, yes. But the fact is, he displays Pictish features. For all we know, this skull doesn't belong to this body. Even though it looks like the head is attached to the spinal cord. We could go in and look. Confirm the authenticity. I decline to continue the investigation. We'll restore the remains in the interim. I knew this was gonna happen! (Angela) Hodgins! Because we have been colleagues on this, more than superior and subordinate, I have allowed you to be insubordinate. But I warn you, Dr Hodgins, that is over. - Do you want my letter of resignation? - You know what would be better? Put them on the table and measure. Right? OK, look. Everybody just turn and walk away. If you want me to resign, just say so. Miss Montenegro is right. You think you just won something. I'm telling you, Goodman was the bigger man. Isn't it against your ethical code to have sex with a patient? - Do you even have an ethical code? - Sex with patients is frowned upon. That's why he said the implants were stolen. No way to prove he installed them. I did not know Rachel was dead when you visited. And I did not kill Rachel. I made her beautiful. You mean, you took what was unique about her and destroyed it. - You have a serious neurosis on this. - Do you have a boat? Four boob jobs a day, 20 grand a pop, of course I have a boat. That's all you get without a lawyer. And what do you do, huh? Pay him in hair plugs? - Still working on the murder weapon? - It's not a knife. It may be a screwdriver. - Why are you being mean to Dr Goodman? - I'm not mean. I'm critical of his process. - Why are you being so critical? - He should be looking at the facts. Is the skeleton authentic or not? That's all. Instead it's all a mishmash of conjecture. I think he's forgotten how to do the science and won't admit it. Why a screwdriver? There's more torsion than a flat-bladed knife could bear without snapping. It twists without breaking. The killer would have to be strong, even then the blade would snap. - Brennan said that about the jaw surgery. - What? I don't know. I do bugs and silt, but she said the words "torsion" and "twist" and "cut". This is the type of situation where people say, "Oh, my God." Pretend you're a person and say it. Oh, my God. Scenario one: Prostitute gets breast augmentation for sex, threatens to tell on him. - Plausible. - Scenario two: Jealous boyfriend. - You know the rest. Which do you like? - Neither. - Cos there's no evidence. - Unless you counted volleyball. - Sounds like you're getting ready to quit. - Quit? No. The Deputy Director wants me to hand the case over. We're supposed to give Agent Finn what we got and go home. You don't even like Finn. You think she's an idiot. The whole case is a bust. It's a blank. We don't have anything. We checked her apartment. No pictures. We don't know what she looks like. It's like she lived on the world instead of in it. Cullen is calling you back cos he thinks I'm at a dead end. You have to tell him he's wrong. Is he wrong? We're looking for someone who grew up in New England, moved here eight years ago, her leg was crushed in an accident when she was 13, she was on a boat shortly before she was murdered, we know some of her names and some of her faces. That's all your stuff. Usually by now we know more about my stuff. - We have separate stuff? - By now I usually have a feel for the person. What they wanted, how they felt, what was going on in their lives. With this girl, nothing. She thought she was ugly. She did everything she could to make herself beautiful. And all she did was make herself more invisible. Everybody in this city thinks they're ugly. And nobody is. I'm starting to get why you hate anonymous death. We are born unique. Our experiences mould and change us. We become someone. To have that taken away by murder, erased from existence against our will is... - Evil? - Unacceptable. These bones you bring me, I give them a face. I say their names out loud. I return them to their loved ones and you arrest the bad guy. - I like that. - So do I. I feel like we should be arresting these doctors, because whether they killed her or not, they still erased her. - Well, maybe I can hold Cullen off for a day. - It's not good enough. - You're welcome. - <i>(phone rings)</i> Brennan. The murder weapon is a larger version of the surgical implement used on herjaw. You compared the wounds to the marks left on herjaw? That's brilliant, Zack. It was Hodgins. Hodgins quoting you, so it was us. Go, team. But get this. According to the National Plastic Surgery Association, only one surgeon does this procedure. - Tell me he's in LA. - He's in LA. Dr Henry Atlas, Rodeo Drive, Beverly Hills. Go. I'm ethically bound to ask you for a warrant before revealing any of my patients. Let me try this then. The jaw procedure which Dr Brennan described to you as... Was my innovation, yes. There's an adage in my business. You can't alter the bone. I've proven it incorrect, given the right patients. - How many have you done? - Perhaps half a dozen. If you get a warrant, I will release the names of my patients. - Do you use special operating instruments? - Yes. I designed them myself specifically. - Have you patented them or shared designs? - Not yet. He's waiting to have enough success stories to cash in. - He's gonna be short one success story. - Let's see what we got here. Oh, Sandra Cane, Rachel LaChance, Candice Hayden. Any of these women ring a bell? As I have reiterated... I have a search warrant here to collect your surgical instruments. You'II... you'll shut me down. You will cost me a fortune. The only ones we require, Dr Atlas, are the ones you designed yourself. She told me her name was Susan Shepherd. Brilliant. (knocking) You wanted to see me? You are a very difficult and stubborn man, Dr Hodgins. Right now, I'd like nothing more than to fire you. In my position, very few people tell me the truth any more. I find I enjoy it in some perverse way. - You admit you bailed on the authentication? - Yes. - Seriously? - But not for the reasons you think. True, we might be able to authenticate the skeleton by taking him apart, destroying him. If he's a fake, fine. Nothing lost. But I think he's the real thing. You do know he's been dead for 1500 years, right? I am an archaeologist. This is what we do. We step outside the facts and tell ourselves the story of an individual or a culture. And if the story I tell myself about this man who lived 1500 years ago is true, if he was laid to rest by people who respect and loved him, don't I owe it to them not to let the pure scientist desecrate his remains? Or you could be rational and say you were waiting for imaging technology to improve to the point where it wasrt necessary to disassemble him. Ah. Yes. - I suppose I could say that. It's less... - Sentimental for the pure scientists. I've got the murder weapon. We have the murder weapon. We have trace evidence from your boat. We have testimony from your staff that you argued with Susan Shepherd before she died. So what you need now is a confession. Your patient list is what's known as an A-list, right? Oscar winners, supermodels, super agents, moguls. So how is it that a call girl makes the grade? - You can answer that, Henry. - I did Susars procedure pro bono. - Why? - Because she volunteered. - She was a guinea pig. - How did you meet her? Oh, come on. Susan just didn't walk into your office, did she? Oh, just tell them, Henry. Through another call girl, one I used regularly. Sometimes these girls from the high-class establishments start to have expectations beyond the professional. She thought you were gonna marry her? Something along those lines, yes. So I made a change. I started requesting Susan. - Did you trade plastic surgery for sex? - Obfuscate, Henry. We did each other favours. Went fine for a few months. Until Susan wanted you to marry her too? No. In my opinion, Susan became addicted to plastic surgery. I refused to do any more procedures. That's what my staff heard us arguing about. What was Susan like? She was a girl next door. Simple, healthy. The girl before Susan was the opposite. She was very flashy. She had diamonds in her incisors and fingernails. - Bones, didn't Hodgins find a fingernail? - Yes. With a fake diamond in it. - Susan was the girl-next-door type? - It wasrt her fingernail. Jealousy, like I said. So what was the name of the escort before Susan? The flashy one, the one who thought you were gonna marry her? Tell the man what he needs to know, Henry. She thought Atlas was gonna take her out of the life. He wanted the girl next door. You were right. Jealousy. Ah, it's an old story. I bet your 1500 year old friend back home heard a version. Leslie thought Rachel was stealing her man, so she killed her. - What did she ask you? - What? She asked you something after she was arrested. What? She asked me... if I thought she was beautiful. One more thing. The bureau searched for girls injured in car crashes in the upper Northeast ten to twelve years ago. - Daughter's right leg was crushed. - Allison. Her name was Allison Holmes. Her father and her brother are still alive. Somewhere in Bangor, Maine. - We'll return the remains. - Thanks, Booth. Well, Bones, you do your thing and I do mine. - Look at her. - Yeah. Pretty little thing.