Naomi and Zack slept together about a month ago. Since then, she hasn't return a single call. Oh. You working on anything interesting? Me? Yeah, yeah, a three-dimensional model of an Etruscan burial crypt. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. - You? - Yeah, oh, God, yeah. Very exciting, very exciting. Some, uh, silt profiles. God, Etruscan burial crypts are so boring. Oh, man, I know. I mean, silt profiles? You know what we need? A murder investigation. Brennan and Booth are out front right now waiting for Zack. What, there's a case? Why didn't you say so? Zack! You've got to go. Oh, she really bolted. Doesn't look good for Zack. Come on, Zack. Shake it off, huh? Be a man. You okay, honey? She said, "Take a hint." But when I asked, "What hint?" Naomi said if she told me what hint, then it wouldn't be a hint anymore. - It would be a statement. - You know what's good? Throwing yourself into your work, huh? You really do hate slime profiles. Have a little compassion. I understood the individual words, but I do not comprehend her meaning. Did you tell Naomi that? Yes. She said, "Ask your friends, if I have any." You know, Hodgins is right. Let's not keep Booth waiting. Somebody is decomposing as we speak. Get out there and bring us home a case, buddy. We've got a dead body in a prep school out in the sticks. Good morning to you, too. You're successful with women, right? I mean, they like you. Okay, look, it's a very prestigious prep school. There's a lot of rich kids. I thought it was good to start with "good morning." If a woman said to you, "Take a hint," what would it mean? Can we just concentrate on the job? Suspect has been located. Need assistance... Thank you. Now I know the sheriff out there. She's mostly okay. But the school's got a lot of pull in the county, and she's probably just trying to scrape the whole case off on us. Look, what I'm trying to say is, it's not just a crime scene, but it's a political situation. So when we get out there, you follow my lead, and you pay attention. You call after every sexual encounter, right? Because that's the good thing to do. Look, is is a work mode. This is a work zone. You do not talk sex at work. First, you tell me I'm too task-oriented, then when I say "good morning," you say that I should concentrate on the job. Okay, look we got about a 45-minute drive. Hmm? What do you say we pass it in quiet meditation? Finally! Can we talk yet? - No. - Why not? Because when we're at a crime scene, I do all the talking. My crime scene, my rules. what's with all the security? I told you. This is not a regular school FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth, and a forensic anthropologist. Dr. Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian Institute. plus one crack assistant. I'll need to see some ID, please. This reminds me of where I went to school. You don't get much farther from the real world, that's for sure. Whose kids go to school here is actually classified information. Agent Booth, Dr. Brennan, I'll lead you to Mr. Sanders, our head of security. Can you just aim us in the right direction? We'll find it. All outsiders are to be escorted, sir. "Omnia Mea Mecum Porto." What's that mean, huh? "Regular people stay out"? "I carry with me all my things." Hey, Seeley, how's it going? Karen, congratulations on being elected full sheriff. Very impressive. Agent Booth, I'm Leo Sanders, head of security at Hanover Prep. This is Headmaster Peter Ronson. Where are the human remains? Dr. Temperance Brennan and her assistant, Jack, uh, something. Zack Addy. Could you show me to the remains? Even though the school was mostly empty during the two-week break, it's impossible to... I don't know if you remember me, but we worked together on a case-- bunch of bones found in the culvert, about a year ago. I remember the bones in the culvert. You know, Bones, being nice to the locals, remembering their names and such, it wouldn't hurt. Our two-week term break ends tomorrow. I'd like to get this tidied up, so the students never know what happened. But we don't know what happened yet, that's why I'm here. Did anyone touch the body? I doubt it. it´s pretty grisly. Not big on small talk, is she? Dr. Brennan's very focused. Where are the remains? Bones? Is that a student? It's a secury campus. Got to be student, staff or faculty. Video first. I don't want your flash disturbing the crows. Yeah, that'd be a shame. Disturb the human flesh-eating birds. You want to increase the perimeter here? Gentlemen. Give my forensic anthropologist some room. Your forensic anthropologist? Agent Booth, if you decide this is a suicide, it becomes my problem, correct? Actually, the person who decides if this is a suicide is me. Let's give the bone lady some room. You know, I'm glad we had that little chat about being nice to the locals. I don't like sheriffs. They're elected into office, which means their goal is being reelected, not finding the truth. I got video, Dr. Brennan. Go to stills. Can we just get him down from there? There's a lot of work to do before we get to that. - You want to step back, please, sir? I'm the headmaster here. And this is a crime scene. Step back. Oh... I'm gonna need an evidence bag. Heads up. I'm going to need a bigger bag. Episode 103: Boy in a tree Transcript: cfsmp3 Synchro: narkond I make this a male. Approximately 5'6", 130 pounds. From the looks of the sternum and skull, I'd say mid-adolescence. Say, 14 to 17. high cheek bones, you think maybe Asian? I'm getting more of a Hispanic vibe. There is a significant crematogaster ant colony in the tree that fed on the body, as well as tabanid maggots. I'll give you a time-of-death estimate when I figure out who ate what when. Check for insect pupa and larva, see what kind of medications and/or drugs might have been - ...in his system. - He was wearing this. Catholic boy. One-by-two forceps. What is that? Cochlear implant. Looks like the birds were trying to get it. That would set a boy apart from the others. Being deaf. Get a serial number. I'll get X-rays and 3-D imaging of the entire skeleton. I didn't talk to anybody in high school. I didn't kill myself. That wasn't a high school. It was an experimental eugenics program. How hard can it be to find out which one of your students is missing? We can't just call parents and say "We found a rotting body. Do you know where your child is?" We can do a full roll call tomorrow. All of our higher-risk students are accounted for. Higher-risk? The ones with personal bodyguards. What are our options vis-à-vis publicity, media? Not my concern. There are students here we really don't want the whole world to know about. It's obviously a suicide. It's not as though we're asking you to for ego the glory of catching a murderer. Excuse me, I´m Sorry Booth. We'll have the identity of the boy in the tree within the hour. That was fast. You know what a cochlear implant is? Hearing aid? No. Not exactly. It's a much more sophisticated piece of equipment, - ...which is surgically... - Can you identify him through the serial number. That's correct. But the interesting thin is that... You can fill me in later. Wait, no, but the interesting thing is that his... That's correct. What? That is interesting. Are you drunk or something? We'll catch up later. Wait, wait. I'm not completely certain the boy's death is a suicide. Well, we'll grab some Chinese food and you can fill me in later on all the boring details. Sorry. Death is very upsetting to a community as tight as ours. Well, you're famous for keeping your students safe. But you can't held responsible if a troubled student kills himself. We all agree that suicide is the only feasible conclusion. We understand each other Hmm, we sure as hell do. I'll need a complete enrollment list, including teachers, staff, students. That's extremely confidential information. Luckily, I'm good at keeping secrets. What do you mean it's not a suicide? - Hold on a second, sir. - What the hell is that? We can't have just anyone step into the forensics area, and contaminate all the boring details. The boring details? Do not push me, kid. "Boring details" was my signal for you to stop talking. Okay? - I want my own card. - Well, I want my own gun. Last time you had a gun, you shot someone. He was a bad guy. Okay, look, who's our victim? All the boring details? Let it go, Bones. Move on. Don't call me "Bones." We traced the cochlear implant to Dr. Maurice Ledbetter at Cedars-Sinai, who placed it in a boy named Nestor Olivos. "Nestor Olivos. Student visa. Son of a Venezuelan Ambassador." What else? You want all the boring details? Let it go, Bones. Don't call me "Bones." The boy's hyoid bone is broken. Strangulation death, the hyoid is always broken. In adults. This was a boy. His hyoid is flexible. Unbreakable. Well, maybe the kid's got some kind of Venezuelan brittle bone syndrome? Im just trying to help. So you're saying he was murdered. No, I'm saying I don't know what happened to the boy, because I don't have all the facts. How hard can it be? A kid hanging from a tree-- obviously, it's a suicide. Sir, is Hannover Prep stirring the pudding on this? Of course they're stirring the pudding. Every mover and shaker in this town is connected to that damn school. Apparently, the very future of this country is at stake. I'd like to declare it a murder, just to shake those little... not going to declare it a murder, just so you can shake things up. The evidence is ambiguous at best. Well, unambiguize it. Please, Dr. Goodman. Look, you're very experienced within your field of bones and such, right? Doesn't your gut say "suicide"? I don't actually use my gut for that, sir. She really, really doesn't. Like all of us here in Jeffersonian, Dr. Brennan prefers science to the digestive tract. What about your gut? My gut says it stinks. If he smells with his gut, what does he use his nose for? All right, all right, all right. In order for an investigation to occur, you, Dr. Brennan, have to declare it a murder. Without an investigation, we can't find out if it's a murder, but there'll be no investigation unless Dr. Brennan declares it to be a murder. Shall I send for a philosopher? They're saying it's my call. You see? It's how you talk to these people. My official finding is that Nestor Olivos... is a victim of a homicide. ( over radio ): * Let it go *</i> * On a highway... Thank you. For what? For going with my instincts in there. No, I did not back up your instincts. I bought time to find the facts I need to tell me what happened to Nestor Olivos. What's with you and the private school? They thought we understood each other. That's bad? Understanding each other? I don't like people who think they're better than other people. Some people are better than other people. You know, what you just said right there that is un-American. All men are created equal. Either you believe that, or you don't. And some people are smarter than others. There's no use being offended by the fact. What are we going to tell Nestor's parents? We tell them that their son was found dead, we're looking into it, sorry for your loss. And we are. What? Sorry for their loss. It's sad. Try to remember that. I'm not a sociopath. You're bad with people. No use being offended by the fact. Hanging from a tree at the school? I'm afraid so, Ambassador Olivos. We will provide you with full details when Dr. Brennan finishes her investigation. Will you need us to identify Nestor's remains? That won't be necessary. When was the last time you heard from Nestor? A few days after his holiday began. He went with a friend to Nova Scotia. We received an e-mail. Could we have a copy? It'll help us determine exactly when the victim died. Your son. We're very sorry for your loss. There was nothing to suggest in the e-mail that Nestor s unhappy. Certainly not enough to... We would like to take him home. We must petition the church to bury him in consecrated ground. Nestor was an altar boy. They will bury him properly. When will you release him to us? That's up to Dr. Brennan. What did Naomi mean when she said, "Take a hint"? Ooh. What did I do wrong? It's not what you did wrong; it's what you didn't do. Where do you learn this stuff? Some thins you learn by doing: Riding a bike, driving a car, pleasing a woman... I can't ride a bike or drive a car. Or apparently, please a woman. I need specific instructions. A list of techniques to implement or a sequence of moves. Im not really the guy to talk to about that. Why not? You've slept with, like, 10,000 women. Because our relationship is all about what's up here. What you need to do is talk to someone more... earthy. As a school psychiatrist, I'm bound by patient confidentiality. In the absence of a warrant or permission from his parents, I can't divulge the specifics of my meetings with Nestor Olivos. I can tell you that he was at extreme risk of suicide. There are no indications that Nestor was taking antidepressants. I can only make recommendations to the parents. You think this boy was depressed enough to hang himself from a tree? He was alienated by culture, by language, by his handicap, by his own social awkwardness. Yes. Thank you for coming down, Dr. Petty. As we suspected, suicide. A depressed and lonely boy hangs himself over the holiday. So how's the son of an ambassador go missing for two weeks and nobody notices? As far as the school was concerned, Nestor was vacationing with his roommate. The school requested and received a waiver from Ambassador Olivos. I was in Venezuela last year. It's very unstable politically. It's true the family received threats and we were cognizant of that. But you are seriously suggesting that some kind of Venezuelan hit squad assassinated a student at Hanover Prep? Like the doctor said, it's a simple case of a depressed boy ending his life, not a Tom Clancy novel. Yeah, we'll start with Nestor's roommate tomorrow morning. It's your investigation. Hey. I'll say this she's tall. Dr. Temperance Brennan, meet Sid, the owner. Hey, bone lady. The sign says "Wong Foo's." I'll get your meal. But we didn't order. No, Sid knows what people want better than they do. Nestor's bones are completely normal, not brittle in any way. You know, this is kind of my little getaway place, you know? The grooves the rope left in the branch when Nestor was hanging are too deep for his weight. Please, everyone, come on, sit down. Eggs, larvae, waste-- all indicate that the insects which fed on the body are indigenous Which means he died there aproximately ten to 14 days ago. I'll have the seven-organ soup. You don't order. The guy just brings it. He didn't void. Usually somebody that hangs themselves, the flood gates open. Bodily fluids everywhere. There was plenty of effluent in his clothes, but they're all post-decomposition. As the body swells, it bursts from internal gases. How's guy the ow what you want? The guy has a knack. The guy's name is Sid. It was birds who ate his eyes, ears, and worked their way into the skull. Birds pecking at the soft tissue at the throat-- could that crack the hyoid? No, it's a stress fracture caused by the rope against his throat-- not postmortem. You put a sensitive adolescent in a high-pressure prep school, add social alienation, cultural differences, pressure from high-achieving parents, it could be suicide. It's not a suicide. Because Booth thinks that prep schools turnout entitled criminals. We all went to private school. none of us are criminals. In fact, we fight criminals. We're crime fighters. No, You´re...I'm just saying it's not a suicide. I'm a big believer in instinct. Finally, a squint with an open mind. You have no idea how open-minded I can be. What's with these pictures? This is a restaurant. People come here to eat. Wat's the matter with you people? Booth, what the hell did you bring in my place? I had nothing to do with this This is exactly what I wanted. This is amazing. The guy definitely has a knack. Ooh. So you do take orders. course we do. But it's always better when you leave it to me. Booth. All right, I'll take care of it. You're saying the boy died ten to 14 days ago? Hey, bugs buzz, but they do not lie. Hodgins is very good at using insects to ascertain the time of death. How do you explain an e-mail that was sent seven days ago from Nova Scotia? See? Look at that. It stinks. Go ahead: smell it. You know you want to smell it. It stinks. Don't, don't smell that. No, no, you've got to taste it. - I can smell it from here. -Ang, it's so good. Mm.oo That's really gross. You and Nestor were roommates for three months, correct? Yes, sir. And you invited him to spend the vacation with you? We have a summer home on Cape Breton, plenty of room. Then Nestor decided to go back home to Venezuela. What did the other kids say about Nestor? Nestor was different. He used to be deaf, so he kind of talked like... Some kids called him "retard." Tucker, please don't say "retard." I never called him that. He went to church every Sunday, even though nobody made him go. People thought that was weird. Did Nestor have a girlfriend? He said there was a girl he liked, but he never told me who. You know, Tucker, you're lying to a federal agent. Careful, Agent Booth. An e-mail was sent to Nestor's parents from Nova Scotia saying what a great time he was having. The only thing is that Nestor was already dead. Was it you, Tucker? I'd prefer he didn't answer. No, Dawn, if it was Tucker, he has to admit it. You know the dodge. You backed him up so he could be with a girl? Tucker! I know, I m sorry, but he begged me. What girl? I told you I don't know. I thought Nestor made her up. I sent an e-mail. That's all. Dr Brennan, can you spare a moment for the Venezuelan ambassador? Thank you. Is there something I can do for you? I understand that you are very good at your job, Dr. Brennan. But I think that you are not a mother, correct? No, I'm not a mother. Please, watch this. All a mother wants to know is that she has raised her child well. That he will grow up to be a good man. I will never see this. I will never know. The day Nestor received his implant... Nestor? The first day that he could hear... And the first thing he heard was my voice. His mother's voice. I told him I loved him. The child who has lived through this miracle would never take his own life. You're a scientist. You need more than a mother's reassurance, fine. My husband and I have many enemies. That is why I sent Nestor to Hanover. They promised us that he would be safe. What if they failed? They would not want to admit it. They would do everything they could to buy as you towards suicide. I promise you I will find out the truth. Thank you. Swan dive, cannonball, cherry bomb-- no matter how he jumps, The hyoid does not break. What about added weight? We figure an adde strain of 90 kilos to snap the hyoid. 90 kilos is just under 200 pounds-- the weight of a muscular man. What? The Venezuelan hit-squad fantasy thing? For one thing, it's nuts. And another, your guy would have to be about 20 feet tall. I'm out of alternative scenarios to explain this hyoid break. I want to take another look at Nestor's room. What exactly do you hope to find? Stay here. Yeah, right, that's gonna happen. You all right? Are you? Check his ID. His name's Tovar Comara. He's security at the Venezuelan Embassy. If he is security, why'd he run? What we would like to know is what Señor Comara was doing in Nestor's room. I asked Señor Comara to go to Nestor's room to prove a point. That suicide was not the only possibility. To prove that an outsider can get to your son? The school informed me that Nestor's death was most certainly suicide. That anything else was impossible. We proved them correct. I failed to escape without being detected. The school lied to you, Ambassador. Dr. Brennan already declared your son's death a homicide. I apologize. I was misinformed. - I won't be pressing any charges. - Thank you. Please excuse me. Do you think Nestor was killed by outsiders? Not Venezuelan insurgents. They would make a statement, not fake a suicide. This hanging... Huele malo. Sure, you know, someone says, you know, it smells in a Spanacceish , and all of a sudden you're, like, "Hmm, interesting." What are we looking for? Talked to Nestor's teachers, the few students that he hung out with. He was a loner. Well, I mean, he went to his classes, but, you know, mainly he just stayed here in his room. That's it, so I figured, you know, we'd come here, and you, uh, do your little anthropologist thing, huh? Okay. He liked music. Heavy percussion, low frequencies for the most part. The stuff he probably liked before the implant. He could feel the vibrations in his chest. After the implant, he started... enjoying stuff with more melody. He was... growing. He enjoyed it. Enjoyment is the opposite of suicide. You've decided this isn't a suicide, so you're collecting evidence to support that. By closing your mind, you're missing important indicators. Oh, yeah? So then why'd he throw this away? I mean, it's flute music. That's reason enough. But where's the case? These aren't organized. Well, you know, girls, they organize alphabetically. Guys are more organic-- you know, good stuff up to the left; crap... bottom right. Look at that. Well, I mean, if he hated it, why'd he reburn it? This isn't a CD. It's a DVD. I should've known. It's a 15-year-old boy. - It's just porn. - Wait. - That's our hanging victim. - This is pretty kinky stuff. I need to know where and when it was shot, what kind of camera, anything else that might help. I'm gonna need stills and a close-up of the girl's face. Thanks a lot, Booth. My seven-organ soup is repeating on me. Well, you ordered it. You should have left it to Sid. Let's see what the school has to say about this. That was not wild and kinky sex. It was very, very basic beginner stuff. Just so you know. Angela, you got any bicarbonate? We've seen this kind of thing before. Kids recording themselves having sex? Young people are more jaded than they used to be. Sometimes they'd swap these tapes. Surprised to see Nestor. But not so surprised to see the girl? How is that relevant? You know what's a better question? What makes you think you get to decide what's relevant? :D of a high school. We need to see all of the sex tapes you've confiscated. Absolutely not. Well, I'll just get a warrant, and in the application for a warrant, I'll include your admission that you allow your students to swap homemade sex tapes. The headmaster is not refusing to provide you with the tapes. "Absolutely not" sounds like a refusal. When we confiscate the tapes we immediately turn them over to local law enforcement. Sheriff Roach knew about this? No need to issue a warrant; we're cooperating completely. Was the girl also a student here? Given your hostility, it's time we bring in a lawyer to advise us. Or you take my advice. If you don't answer my questions, I'll take you down to FBI Headquarters in handcuffs. He'll do it. He doesn't like you. Fine Agent Booth, Her name is Caen Destry. Nestor Olivos? I knew him. He's kind of famous since he died. Poor kid. To take his own life. Were you romantically involved? No. Camden is to young to date seriously. Too yong? Tell me when you've seen enough to start telling the truth. Oh my God! I can't believe this. Oh, my God! Where did that come from? Really, Mr. Booth, I must protest. I'm tired of being lied to, so excuse me if I'm indelicate. Let's start over, shall we? Did you know Nestor Olivos? Were y romantically involved? Why would he do that? Why would Nestor tape us? I loved him. So let me just get this right: - I'm the tactless and insensitive one? - Okay, the girl lied to a federal agent during the investigation of the death of a boy that she said she loves. You know what? These kids, they all lie. That school they teaches that they're special. That they're above the rest of us; well, they're not. You´re the least objective person I've ever met. Thank you. It's not a compliment. Aw, come on, Bones, you know something's wrong here, right? The school, the tapes, now sheriff Roach. All this mess you're uncovering, it smells, yes, but it doesn't add up to murder, not logically. Maybe if you look for more than the facts... Maybe if you opened your mind, we could find out the actual truth. Brought you the tapes. How many? All of them. What do you think, I'm with holding evidence? I'm thinking Hanover Prep gets you elected, and you look the other way when you see these tapes. Kids having sex? There's no law against that. Let's hope that's the worst thing that we find. You were right about the school serving pudding. Stirrin the pudding. It means... Melodee Destry. That's... that's Camden's mother. Is that... is that Nestor Olivos she's with? Nope. That's Nestor's roommate, Tucker Padison. How long did the sexual relationship cotinue? A couple of months. I don't know. Tucker is the underage victim of statutory rape. When did it end? That was the last time. Why Nestor's bed? Why not your own? It was only ten feet away. - I don't know. - It was because you knew exactly where the camera was pointed. Mrs. Destry gave me money, you know, to keep quiet Nestor said, "How much do you think she'd pay to keep her husband from seeing a tape?" Nestor set up a drop and got $5,000. He said we should do it again but, just before vacation, I told him that I was going to tell my parents, even if it meant getting kicked out of Hanover. The next thing I know... he killed himself. I figure it was my fault. Tabanid pupal casings show the boy ingested a heavy dose of ketamine before he died. Kids call it "Special K." So somebody dosed him, right? That explains why he wasn't struggling during the hanging. Or-- a wild thought-- he took it himself for fun like most kids do. I had sex with Naomi in Paleontology. You mean actually in Paleontology? No, at her place. I thought it went great, but I could be wrong. Because, apparently, what I think is wild and kinky is just basic. And, since she never called me back, I'm wondering if it's because I lack imagination in the sack. You know what, Zack? I'm thinking this is more of a guy-guy conversation. Yeah. I was wondering. Dude, minty burp is still a burp. Yeah, well, who took me to Wong Salmonella's? All right, you know what? Just go back to Sid. Let him bring you your meal, the heartburn will disappear. Heartburn? What? Hodgins has heartburn because stomach acid is rising into his esophagus. The ketamine, plus choking, could have caused Nestor to regurgitate. The rope would hold the gastric juices in the upper throat, weakening the hyoid. Digestive juices are basically hydrochloric acid. Sometime, when you're not busy, I wonder if I could ask a few questions about sexual positions. If you even try, I'll take out my gun and shoot you between the eyes. These marks here and here-- that's scoring consistent with hydrochloric acid. I don't like where you're going with this. We need to run a few scenarios through the Angelator. Replace the values for the hyoid bone mass with theseliding soefficients. That will replicate bone deterioration as the hyoid is being digested by stomach acid. I'm applying a timeline and running it fast forward. This will show it in measured time. The body decomposes, and the gastric juices, trapped by the noose and Nestor's esophagus, actually digest the hyoid over time. Wait. There. The hyoid cracked. 196.3 hours. Just over eight days. The finding is congrue with suicide. I do not accept that. It's a fact. I have to amend my "Cause of Death" report. Then you'll stop my investigation. The school's trying to cover up a murder, and you're helping them. Honey? Did you ever just believe something? Despite the evidence, just know it was true? No. I've hoped things. I've always known the difference hope and fact. All that's left of this boy is a tableful of bones. Now everyone he's ever known has an agenda: his parents, his school, even the cop investigating his death. You know, I'm the only one who cares about the truth of what Nestor's life came to in the end, good or bad. And I know the truth is more important than anything else. You know, or you hope it's true? Suicide is the most rational, logical explanation. What I believe doesn't matter. What makes me sad don't matter. Look at this face. He did not kill himself. Angela, I need a little more proof than a nice drawing. I can do that. Okay, this is not from the DVD. It's a quick snippet that was on Nestor's hardve. dri Somebody tried to erase it, but Zack and I got some of it back. Angela, zoom in on that necklace. A little sea horse? Come on. What kind of blackmailer does that? It's sweet. It's a clueless kid in love. That's your evidence that he didn't commit suicide? A sea horse? The kid doesn't give a gift because, you know, he's in love. He does it 'cause he wants little loving. Rerun that. That cynicism you affect, Booth? It's your way of hiding a deeply romantic nature. There. Stop. Play again. - There. She rolled her eyes for the camera. - What? No, I didn't see it either. Play it stop motion. Zoom in. There. Slow motion. How did you see that? Wait. That girl knew the camera was there. She looked right at it. Camden isn't a victim. She's in on it. You don't roll your eyes to yourself. You do that for someone else, not Nestor Olivos. What do we do now? This is where a public school education comes in handly . Divide and conquer. It was the playground motto. Would you help me, Camden, is if you told me why Nestor killed himself. Then we can close the murder investigation. Why is Tucker here? Oh, Tucker-- he said some things. What things? Well, what Tucker told us doesn't make you look good. I believe him, but Agent Booth says it was only fair to hear your side. If your stories match up, I'll be able to drop the murder investigation. You know, I find it hard to believe that it was your idea for Tucker to seduce your mother. It wasn't. She hit on Tucker. No, wait, wait. Can they do this? They're fishing. Don't say a word. I wasn't fishing. Were you fishing? No, I wasn't fishing. Tucker was all Stacy´s mom about it. I just sort of gave him permission. It was funny. Please stop this. Stop it. Mom, deal with it, okay? You're the one that's the perv, so... When my mom gave Tucker money to keep him quiet, we got the idea to blackmail her with the tape. I was mad at her, I guess. And Tucker said it was my turn. Nestor was rich, lonely, Catholic, and he had a thing for you. And he was cute. People didn't notice because of the way he talked, but he was really cute. I liked him. We made the tape and showed it to Nestor. It made him really upset. Really upset. Because you threatened to show it to his mother? Or because it broke his heart. I still can't believe he killed himself. I'm really sorry he did that. What Camden did was wrong, which she's acknowledged, but she can't be held responsible for an unstable boy's overreaction. I said I'm sorry. Yeah. Camden Destry, I'm place you under arrest for the murder of Nestor Olivos She's adtted to blackmail and attempted blackmail. That's all. Nestor was going to go to the headmaster expose you so you dosed him with kademine and hauled him up into the tree. The DNA traces in the rope will prove that. Plus, you've already confessed to the motive. If I cooperate, and tell you everything Tucker did, do I get some sort of deal? That depends on what else you got. The headmaster and thad of security will both lose their jobs over what happened to Nestor. The sheriff will resign. The two kids who killed your son are both in custody. Thank you. We're very sorry for your loss. Ambassador Olivos? You told me that all a mother wants is to know that she's raised her child well. That your biggest regret is that you'll never know if Nestor would have grown up to be a good man. But he was a good man. He died because he was trying to do the right thing. Very impressive, Temperance. You got that one right. When you're with someone, the gymnastics aren't what matter. It's who you are. It's in your intentions, and in how much you care about the other person. you don't want to help me, just say so. All right. I'm going to l you let on a secret. This is a female secret. Go to Naomi and tell her that you don't know anything about lovemaking. Sex, yeah. Lovemaking, you're a blank slate. You'll do anything she wants if she just introduces you to the secrets of love. She'll be more interested in that than if you were the most imaginative lover on the planet. That is totally counterintuitive. Just do it, Z-Man. Reap theenefits of my sexual wisdom. Oh, no. This i't going to work. I mean, this is my place. Sid? As long as they keep it down on the subject of rotten corpses and bodily fluids, I have no beef at all. Okay, that is amazing. I... I had heartburn. I asked Sid to bring me something, and now the heartburn's gone. I mean, it's gone. Man, I love this place. Okay, fine. New rules. That counter is mine. That booth is yours. Everything else around here-- right?-- mine. Right? Mine. M-I-N-E. Mine. I've been thinking about your whole "something stinks" aptitude. Oh, yeah? I think you have a subconscious knack for reading body language. Stress in the voice, other subtle yet discernible indicators. It's not mysterious, but it is impressive. And, in the future, I will try to accord it an appropriate degree of objective worth. Thank you, Temperance. I appreciate that. So, uh... what part of "This is mine" did you not understand?