Seeing patterns where none exist is a symptom of schizophrenia. - Why, what do you see? - Michael Jackson doing his... - I don't know what that is. - Come on, you don't see anything? It's like when a kid looks up at the sky - and sees the clouds... - I get it. Your mind forms patterns from random information. Booth, I have... a lot of work. Right, no. I just wanted to... bring by the pizza so you could eat. It's important that you eat. I will... ... see you Monday? Nothing? Come on. King of Pop? This Is It? "Thriller?" No? All right, I'll see you Monday. Bye, Booth. Strange question, I know, but I got to ask. Are you by any chance pregnant? No, I haven't had sexual intercourse in quite some time. - Do you want to know why I'm asking? - You're holding a home pregnancy test, I assume it's positive... and you're worried about losing the most important person in this lab. Very modest. I'm asking because Michelle was here earlier this afternoon, and the only other two people, besides me, that use that bathroom are you and Angela. - Angela is currently sexually active. - Very true. - With Wendell. - Very active. And even if they used condoms, Wendell is young. His sperm is likely to be extremely motile. You are so cheering me up right now. Dr. Saroyan, I was hoping I could pick up those, strength deployment inventory results from you. - You didn't hand them out. - I was going to, but there was... real work that needed doing. Next week, for sure. Okay, but these aptitude tests will help you as an administrator to put the right people in key positions... - You're not listening to me? - No offense intended. Angela, quick question. Is this your home pregnancy test? I beg your pardon? Are you pregnant? Please say yes. Don't look at me. I'm so sorry. I... thought we were alone. You know, you don't have to keep it a secret from me. If, you know, you're pregnant, I mean, I can be happy for you and Wendell. Wait a minute. Why are you asking me? Well, it isn't mine, and Dr. Brennan doesn't make life choices without a Boolean flowchart, so I hoped it might be you. I'm not crazy. I'm not... crazy. What was that all about? Well, what makes Cam crazy? - When I do experiments. - And... Michelle? Sixteen. Really? Cam, these guys won't let me leave. What's going on? Everyone in this facility is confined to this facility. I'm in charge of this facility. Not tonight, Dr. Saroyan. Please secure the exits. - Who are you guys? - I am Mr. White from the General Services Administration. The people we order paper cups and pencils from? What's going on? Hello. Your government requires you to figure out... how this person died. Until you do, we are all locked in here together as a matter of national security. Even me? He's just an FBI psychologist. No one in, no one out, by order of the federal government. Now, you have till dawn tomorrow to fulfill this task. What possible incentive do these people have to comply with your orders? Perhaps the fact that you're all paid by the federal government. Threats aren't gonna work for you tonight. Fine. How about patriotism? Professionalism. Scientific curiosity. Take your pick. But the sooner you people figure out what killed this individual, the sooner life gets back to normal. Bones - Season 05 Episode 12 "The Proof in the Pudding" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- What do you want, Sweets? Working out, building up a sweat.</i> I'm in the lab. - Why are you whispering? - A bunch of government guys came in. They sealed the place up. They brought in a body. - They won't let anyone come or leave. - What... Slow down. What government guys? They said they're from the General Services Administration. They're in charge of promoting efficient government operations, like leasing office space and buying paper in bulk. - It doesn't make any sense. - Who else is there? Doctors Brennan, Saroyan, Hodgins, Angela, me. They knew to come when the techs were gone for the weekend. Why won't they let me leave? I'm a psychologist. - Look, I'll look into it. - What should I do? No destructive testing is allowed, not even the smallest sample. These remains will leave in exactly the condition in which they arrived. My men and I will observe, and no one enters or leaves the premises. Now that you've kidnapped my lab and my people,  you could tell me why. You have not been kidnapped. You've been seconded by your government to do your patriotic duty. Your "no samples" restriction will severely limit our insights. We want only cause of death. There're a number of sample in here which you may examine. But they, too, must not be harmed. Identification of these remains is priority zero. Excuse me. Is there any way I could just... persuade you to... look at these and guess cause of death? Guess? I need to get home to kill Michelle. So any of you guys, you like hockey? Knitting. Modern dance? Ultimate fighting? Saw a flicker from you, pal. I got you pegged. Mr. Ultimate Fighter here. Look at this. It's the chief. FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth. Right. I showed you mine. You want to show me yours? - You can call me Mr. White. - Right, from the GSA. So why'd you lock up my people? That information's classified. And... they're not... actually your people. - I want to go inside. - That's not gonna happen. You timed this, didn't you? So I wasn't in there. Do you need help getting home? This guy, look at him. Definitely water polo. Thanks for that. - Booth, you find out anything? - Listen, can you talk? - Is anyone else there? - Only the good guys. All right, put me on speaker. This is weird. - How do we know they aren't terrorists? - Look, they're not terrorists, okay? They're standard federal issue agents. Why would the General Services Administration bring in a body? Standard federal issue cover-up. This is the first time I have ever been as paranoid as Hodgins. You're FBI property. If anyone's gonna lock you up, it's gonna be me. Why are they letting us use cell phones? Why? Because whatever they're doing, these guys think they're untouchable. Male, from the subpubic angle. Last phase development at costochondral junctions. Older than 39 at the time of death. This L4 vertebra shows evidence of having been badly compressed. Not even two-thirds normal size. Poor guy was in agony. Spinal degeneration, osteoporosis. Disease, steroids... hard to tell what caused it without doing a bone sample. Bone graft. Looks like, a repair to a screw hole. I count three. Metal plates. Indicating multiple corrective surgeries. Which could help us positively identify these remains. No, Mr. White told us to regard identification as a zero priority. I'm not as good as you are at doing what I'm told. Thank you. We can't check DNA or take bone scrapings for mass spec. Samples, particulates... these should go to Hodgins. Fire in the hole. You said "fire in the hole" to warn me that you intended on startling those men. I'm not really the good soldier type. Calcification on the left radius. Could I suggest that cause of death probably won't be found in the extremities. Check out this skull. - That would certainly be fatal. - Blunt-force trauma? Or high-velocity gunshot. Was that you? Who knew you could yell like that? - She scared the guards. - I find that so hot. That's all for you. There are very distinctive marks on the remaining frontal bone. Like a metal grid scratched across it postmortem. No tests that degrade the samples. - I'm too young to be a grandmother. - In some cultures, you're old enough to be a great-grandmother. But not this one. I've been cogitating on the problem of how to... date these bones without compromising them. I'll take one and compare it to dated bones. - Where are you going? - To bone storage. It's in the basement. So, this guy's GSA ID said, "Mr. White. " - That's it. - You recognize him? - I hate these covert guys. - Right. I'm going in. - You aren't. - Why? It's unprofessional in terms of interagency cooperation. - I wasn't serious. - You're going to help me? - What? Are you serious? - Why? Not stopping you is not the same as helping you. But I'll help after, when you're in some nonexistent CIA prison, whatever. Thanks for the support. There's a reason I'm the boss when you're plainly the better FBI agent. - I'll note that. - I'll look for answers. - If I can muddy the water a little bit. - OK. Thanks, boss. Why it's so important you get in there? They're my people. Now you're going to prove that you're a better man than I am? That you care more about your people? How am I going to get anywhere with Temperance if you keep making me look bad in comparison? Hodgins says they're listening to everything we say.</i> - Is that true? - Forget that. Just ignore it? Talk normally? Go ahead. Give it your best shot. I made some observations. The big guys barely glance at each other, but they're ready to respond as a unit easily. They've either been partnered up for years,</i> or they've been through some pretty hairy situations together.</i> Right. So it's an active unit. Also, they don't respect Mr. White. When he's not looking, they flick their eyes toward each other. - They don't like working for him. - Exactly. But they treatvthe body on the gurney with great deference. Fallen comrade. - That was my first thought. - Attaboy, Sweets. Who do you think we've got here? Jimmy Hoffa? There. Another cloth fiber. It could be, like, D.B. Cooper, that hijacker. But we're not supposed to conjecture about the identity of the victim. We're not supposed to investigate. This is America, baby. We can conjecture all we want. He does have a good brow line and nice, strong jaw. Whoever he was, he was good-looking. You should do a reconstruction. Hair. It's probably human. They're going to know what I'm doing? So what? Just tell them we need to see what the, victim's skull looked like before the damage. Did you find anything? The victim died within months of the Limited Test Ban Treaty. That was in 1963. You look like you're about to explode. Is there, by any chance, a nick on a right rib somewhere near the third thoracic vertebra? Most likely caused by a transiting bullet. Hodgins, you're vibrating. One of the fiber samples turned out to be pink wool. The bad back. A nick from a transiting bullet? Wait. Pink wool, as in Chanel? She never left his side. Severe head wound. Oh, my God. This... is President John F. Kennedy. Why would they bring us JFK's remains after all these years? Because people have a thirst for the truth. And other people want to make sure that truth is never proclaimed. - Which are these? - I've been considering. In what kind of casket was the president buried? - Mahogany. - That's a good casket. How could his remains be completely skeletonized? If the casket was compromised and allowed in oxygen and moisture, skeletonization could have occurred. It's naive of us to imagine that Kennedy's remains were actually ever interred at Arlington. The hair I found? No cuticle or cortex. It's synthetic. As it happens, after JFK was shot, the funeral home tried a cosmetic fix with wig hair, wax, and a metal mesh holding it in place. The mesh would explain the crisscross patterns on the skull. I can't confront Michelle about something this big over the telephone? What? The fact that you may be investigating the murder of the president of the United States? The fact that she's pregnant. Are you all right? You know, I can tell you. Those are a couple of big guys. Did you figure out who that guy is yet? Hodgins and Cam are convinced that it's John F. Kennedy. The 35th president of the United States who was assassinated on November 22, 1963. I know who JFK is. Also, Cam is certain that Michelle is pregnant. Usually, that would be big news. But right now, it's not so much. It's JFK? Wait. Was Hodgins the first to say that it was JFK? - Then it's not JFK. - Hodgins is an excellent scientist. Mr. White. - How'd you get past the guards? - Sniper training. It trained me how to walk really, really quietly. You are now restricted to the building, of course. Damn. Who saw that coming? Awkward. Awkward. Very. - What's awkward? - About Michelle... I'm going to call her right now, and tell her that I need to talk to her as soon as I get out of here. - About the pregnancy test? - She lied to me. She told me to my face that she wasn't having sex with that boy. She lied to my face. It's my pregnancy test. I'm sorry, Cam. I would have told you sooner. But Hodgins was in the room, and... Thank God. - No. I mean... - It's okay. You all right? I'm a... I'm a bit in shock. Does Wendell know? No, no. Only you and I know. And, I mean, really, shouldn't Wendell be the first to know? But I figured that you... you need to know. Because I was freaking out about Michelle. Thank you. - Any luck finding out what's going on? - Nobody knows anything. It's locked down pretty tight. You know who these guys are? They took me down in a classic Secret Service protocol.</i> Secret Service? Do yourself a favor.</i> Don't tell any Reagan jokes or mention the Bush shoe incident. They get mad. You've contacts inside the White House? Of course I do.  I'm insulted you even asked that question. Do I have any contacts in the White House? So, Wendell should be the first to know, but you should be the second and since I told Cam, I should tell you. Do I say, "Congratulations"? I don't know. I mean, it's not the right time. - It's not the right guy. - Well, you know, Wendell, he... He might rise to the occasion, you know, he's a good guy. No, I didn't mean that. I mean... A baby. I mean, you're linked to that person for the rest of your life. Like, way more than if you're married. I mean, you're linked through another human being. A soul. I'm gonna say: "Congratulations". Not for today. But for how you're gonna feel about this later on. Well, I might not even keep it. You're going to keep it, Angela. You always wanted kids. Lots of 'em. I'm gonna go get the others. That is not JFK. Kennedy was on steroids to treat Addison's disease. Wrecked his back and adrenals. Well, that would create a more Cushingoid appearance. You are not permitted to identify the victim. In order to recreate what happened to the skull, we need to encase it in flesh. It's totally nondescript, as you can see. You know who I kind of see? Ricky Martin. Alex Trebek. James Garner. I see Booth. - You think that looks like me? - Yes, I do. I'll be in the bone room, looking at the skull. If it was JFK, Angela's facial reconstruction would have shown us this? No. Facial reconstructions are not photographs, Booth. There's a wide latitude for interpretation. There. This could be the point of entry. The semicircle is beveled, - wider on the inside than the outside. - That was the entry? If the victim was shot from the rear, yes. The beveling is usually like an arrow, pointing toward the shooter. As to the exit, we're missing some skull fragments. - Maybe they were held back on purpose. - Possibly, but it's much more likely they were pulverized and scattered by the bullet impact. Forensic techniques in the early '60s were relatively primitive. Check above the right temple on the skull or a fragment from there. Suddenly you're an expert on ballistic? That's where JFK's exit wound was. Why do you know so much about the Kennedy assassination? I'm a trained sniper. How quickly you forget. Well, you were right about the exit. It doesn't mean it's the president. People get shot in the head all the time. That's true. Or perhaps Angela can re-create the situation under which this wound occurred. Or she could re-create JFK's shooting so we can rule him out. I requested this animation from the Justice Department. I found a right-rear entry with an exit in the right parietal region. - Kennedy wounds exactly. - Right. So his head went back and to the left. Look, heads do all sorts of crazy things when you shoot 'em. Since this is based on the official record, I can't believe it. Here we go. You think there's no way the president of the United States gets murdered in public in broad daylight and the truth gets covered up? That's right. It doesn't happen. This is America. The highest form of patriotism is to be skeptical of the official truth. That is why the First Amendment, free speech, is first in a Constitution you would die to protect. The lone gunman version isn't possible. The guy in front, Connolly, gets shot 1.6 seconds after Kennedy - Piece of cake. - With a World War II Italian rifle that was older than Lee Harvey Oswald? Come on. I'm sorry, but have you ever shot a rifle? If I had one of those guns right now, I'd show you right now. - You're on. - No one is allowed - to leave the Jeffersonian. - No, we don't have to leave. I know exactly where to find an exact replica of the rifle - here, at the Jeffersonian. - Great. Lee Harvey Oswald's rifle is in the Jeffersonian? No, no, but the FBI used an exact replica to re-create the assassination. We've got that down in storage. They said we have to stay in the library. The janitor's closet is in the library. All right, a couple years ago, right, I check out the claims of this conspiracy group that says that the Jeffersonian was a Masonic construction. They said that there was a passageway. It turns out to be true. Check this out. There's a fake wall in the janitor's closet, - covers a ladder. - So, what, we just sneak in one by one, hope they don't see us? - You got a better idea? - Sounds good to me. So I used the fact that Mr. White was eavesdropping on us to sow the seeds of discord. What? You know, I lodged in his subconscious that his men - don't respect him. - These guys are pros. You didn't lodge anything or sow any seeds. Hope Hodgins' map is accurate. Okay, so the JFK investigation stuff is over there. I'm gonna say something that's gonna make you think that I'm as paranoid as Hodgins. - This feels like a test to me. - Who's being tested? I don't know. The men in black suits? Dr. Brennan, Dr. Saroyan, you. - Me? - Yeah, maybe even me. It just feels like a test. I can't be more specific. Is that it? "01033." This is it. There it is. Is that the actual weapon? It's a perfect replica made by the FBI. Perhaps the most hated weapon in United States history. Yeah, I've done all I can do, so I'm gonna leave the premises. Sorry. That's impossible. You can't stop me because I'm an American. So, I've got rights. I'd rather not hurt you. Nice job with Bush and the whole flying shoe incident. I want to compliment you on that one. You want to try me instead of some bigmouth scientist? I thought so. Come on. That Bush comment to him? You're lucky he didn't paralyze you for life. Easy. Here's the entry wound close up. A little circumcircular geometry. Perpendicular bisectors reveal the center. And our diameter is... 6.5 millimeters. Same caliber as Oswald's rifle. Guys, guys, listen. I'm gonna need some science jibber-jabber to distract these guys. You know who can do jibber-jabber? Who? - Me. - Perfect. My lucky day. Come on. You want my permission to shoot a cantaloupe? - Yes. - With my sidearm? You took away Agent Booth's firearm. You want our best work? This is what we do. This experiment is essential to cause of death? Because you have forbidden us from taking samples in order to estimate the osteoconductivity of the oblique taphonomic remodeling pertaining to the mid-sagittal plane, encelphalametric transaction or translation, if you will, of the intermatrix can be deduced by correlating the force-displacement values with the osteogenic- and geogenic-hydrogel-nanocomposite we placed inside the surrogate. Which is the cantaloupe. You understand me perfectly. - How many bullets? - Just one. - We'll be watching. - Bring your popcorn. Good work. I placed the rifle where Booth could get it. The president's limo was traveling approximately 4.5 meters per second. - How fast is that? - Ten, eleven miles per hour. When the lights flash green, it'll be the correct speed, and Booth can fire. Ready? Go! 20 minutes after this operation ends, your career in the federal law enforcement is over. Hey, Mr. White, enough. None of your results will survive. All this was for nothing. 1.6 seconds exactly. Case closed. Oswald made the shot. He was a lousy shot. You're one of the best. With none of the nerves an actual assassin would experience. In the lab, no wind, no distractions, aiming at fruit. I mean, come on. You barely made the shot. I hate to admit this, Booth, but he's making a pretty good point. All he's proving is he made up his mind. Oswald shot Kennedy. We just proved that. Simple entry wound here. If you look closer, there are microfractures radiating from the exit wound which suggests, it wasn't an exit but an entrance. Reverse beveling. I'm sorry, it's true. If this is another entry from a completely different angle, then logically, there was a second gunman. Two shooters. You know what that proves to me? Only that there were two shooters. Those remains are not John F. Kennedy. Why is it so important to you that this not be President Kennedy? If it was him, he was killed by two gunman. Yes. And if he was killed by two gunmen, the government lied; they covered it up. Throughout history, governments have lied with impunity to other governments and to their own citizens. Booth, does, does this have anything to do with the fact your ancestor was a famous assassin? John Wilkes Booth who killed... You promised you'd never mention that. No, you told me not to! I never promised! But I promise now! I promise now! Did you find anything? Did you hear about this committee that's trying to exhume JFK? - Why would anybody want to do that? - <i>To see if modern</i> forensic methods can tell us anything about the circumstances of his death. He believed in the Warren Commission all the way up to the day he died. And Bobby Kennedy was suspicious right up until the day he was killed. What does that have to do with our friends here? All I was able to find out, are parties</i> very interested in the outcome of that congressional hearing. Booth, are you being held against your will? - I can get out if I wanted to. - <i>That's not the question I asked you.</i> I asked you is an agent of the FBI being held by persons unknown against his will? Yeah, we all are. Then I find, on behalf of the FBI, I'm annoyed by their arrogance. I'll have Brennan's analysis of the entry angles up in one second. You're gonna have this baby. I don't know that yet. When you do, I've been thinking. You're gonna try to raise this kid on your own. Wendell is a very decent guy. - He's a great guy. - I know. But he's a struggling grad student, and you're gonna minimize his responsibilities for his own good. Geez. Regular Nostradamus there, Hodgins? Predicting the future? Says the woman who consults a psychic. My point is, I'm your guy. What? I'm your guy. I love you. I love you. And I want to help you in whatever way I can. If you want to move in together, if you want to get married... I'm here for you, and for the baby. In whatever role you need. There's calcification on the left radius. You keep returning to the victim's arm. The victim didn't die from a little calcification. Even I can tell that two bullets to the head probably did him in. You two don't understand: Booth is a very patriotic man. He believes this is the greatest country ever. Being the best doesn't mean being perfect. It's naive to think that a country the size and influence of the U.S. doesn't pursue secret agendas. The Kennedy assassination wasn't a secret agenda. It was a black stain. A dark moment in history. Do you know how many people Booth has shot for his country? Approximately 50. That's a lot of blood to have on your hands. It's the kind of thing that would keep a person awake at night. And Booth did that because he trusted that it was right. And who did he trust? The government. If they lied about the murder of a president they can lie about anything. Your work is done. Thank you. - We're not finished. - The good news is, - you all get to go home. - Our results are inconclusive at best. There's still unexplained calcification on a radius bone. In an hour, you'll find that this never happened. But if you didn't want the truth, then, - what was this all for? - I have no idea. Wait. One more piece of analysis and we get the whole truth. The whole truth isn't the point. Please, pack the remains up for transportation. For future reference, you might want to inform your bosses we don't do half-truth here. What is this? You aren't pregnant. When I thought it was Michelle, I retested the sample. I just got the results. It's a false positive. Thank you for this. So, you found cause of death. You think it's Kennedy. What's left? - There are loose ends. - How long to tidy up them here? The big man always comes through. Always. - Those remains ready for transport? - Yeah, there's a problem. I'm gonna give you time in order to find out the truth. Mr. White. How are you? What are you doing? Your job is to protect the president. My job is to solve murders. What have you got, feeb? Good old American classic on that one, pal. Oh, my God. Man, you Butch Cassidy'd 'em. That was totally ninja. Maybe some anger issues there, but you kicked ass. Stand down and drop your weapons. This facility is officially under the jurisdiction</i> of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.</i> Oh, man. 10 sec earlier, I would have been the hero. - Is that pudding? - Yes. I adjusted the specific gravity with a thickening agent - to assure the test's efficacy. - But pudding? Something happened. One of these bones sank and the other one floated. In the pudding? Yes. The heavy bone is healthy. The one that's still floating is riddled with osteomyelitis. President John F. Kennedy never had osteomyelitis. Come here. You really didn't want this to be JFK. You know, you kept looking because of me. Thanks, Bones. I've been speaking with Mr. White from the General Services Administration, and we've come to the conclusion that any reports we all write should be carefully worded. As in, there shouldn't be any words in there. No words. No words. Hi, Temperance. You look great. Thank you, Andrew. It's nice to see you again. Did Booth describe to you how I came crashing in through the front doors to rescue you? No. I would have liked to have seen that. I was able to take those guys down because they were not working as a team. Because Sweets here was able to put a worm of doubt in White's brain. Thank you, Booth. But I'm pretty sure that the whole thing was part of some kind of test. - Who was being tested? - It wasn't a test. It was the government trying to figure out if modern forensic analysis could solve the greatest mystery of all time. Yeah, but the victim turned out not to be Kennedy. What if the only part of Kennedy that wasn't Kennedy was that floating bone? Maybe I was being tested, you know, after my brain surgery. - Or me. - Come on. If they were testing anybody, it's me. They think I'm a conspiracy theorist. Or maybe they were testing me to see if I could run a lab in a professional manner. Well, you do realize that all these tests... everybody failed. Not me. I figured out the truth. There's a congressional committee suggesting that Kennedy be exhumed. You mean we were some sort of dry run? And that's why we couldn't mark the bones. Except they weren't Kennedy's bones. They weren't Kennedy's bones. So, can I get you a cab? I'm not pregnant. It was... a false positive. That must be a big relief. Everything goes back to normal. How it was before. I want to thank you for... Forget it. I'll never forget it. Were you aware that JFK had scarlet fever in childhood? Hodgins informed me of that fact, yes. Scarlet fever can cause osteomyelitis. It's very rare, Cam. It can happen in approximately one in a hundred cases. It's statistically unlikely that it was Kennedy. You're a good person. I will never forget what you did for him. I'm oddly energized. I should be exhausted, physically and emotionally, but I feel like I could work all day. Right, you should get home and get to sleep before you fall over. - Head to the pillow. - I forgot where I parked my car. Shall we? We shall. You know, you must think I'm crazy for being so happy that it wasn't JFK. I'm very impressed. You wanted the truth, even if it was going to hurt you. I learned that from you. Really? I mean, sometimes you have to go with your brain over your gut. That's nice. But I prefer that you <i>always</i> go with your brain over your gut because your gut cannot think. Your brain can't digest a breakfast burrito. Just saying, to each their own. - To each their own?