Right, you, usually just e-mail me these, sir. Yeah, well, since I heard Dr. Brennan was here, I thought, I would say hello and ask her if there was anything she needed from us suits upstairs. No, thank you, but it's nice to see you again, Agent Hacker. It's Assistant Director Hacker, Bones. Andrew is fine. - Andrew, cool. - For Dr. Brennan. I'm still your boss, Agent Booth, and since we're at work... Sure. I just want you to know I realize how busy you are being an author and scientist. Loved the last book. Not everyone can make crushing someone to death charming. Thank you. The Bureau is grateful for all of your help, and I hope that you're pleased with him. He's the best we've got. I don't know about that. I agree. That statement is impossible to quantify since there are no other agents partnered with forensic anthropologists, let alone one with my abilities. You know what? You're raining on my parade. Agent Booth, would you mind if I had a quick word in private with her? No problem. He probably wants a signed copy of your book. It happens all the time. No need to be embarrassed. Director Hacker wants to have sex with me. He said that? Wait, it's... ... and it's Assistant Director. Well, he said "dinner," but the implication was clear. OK, all you got to do is just turn him down, you know, be very polite, and nobody gets hurt. He's charming, good-looking. Why would I turn him down? Because he's my boss, okay? It would just be awkward. I'm the guy who's got to report to him, Bones. The victim seems to have fried. Local cops think a radical environmental group did it. Last week, they torched a Hummer. Sign was the same... "Big energy is killing the planet. " Seems to be a poor way to get sympathy for your cause. - You think? - Yes. - So, the plant have security tapes? - Your people are getting them now. First responders said the vic looks like a beef jerky. Dr. Brennan, do you have a moment? I'm at a crime scene. I called, but I guess you didn't get my messages. You know what? This'd better be important. Daisy and I have been talking, and she'd like another chance to prove herself as your intern. And good-bye. I'm going to focus on Mr. Jerky. I'm aware of your concerns, and I'll be the first to admit that Daisy is very unique. OK, let me guess. No sex until you give her what she wants, right? Am I right? I realize she has impulse control issues. She can't stop talking. She has no sense of personal space. I've been teaching her some breathing techniques, - and I'm confident... - Guys, I got a dead body over there. Yes, I have to work. I've never seen a burn like this before. Small stature, I estimate late teens, early 20s. If anyone's interested. I'd consider it a personal favor, Dr. Brennan. Personal favors are kind of like penalty shots. You kind of have to take 'em. Unlike dinner requests from your boss, which you are totally open to decline. I will give Ms. Wick a 24-hour probationary period. Thank you. Thank you very much. This victim wasn't electrocuted. That's what I thought, but the plant engineer - said if there was a power surge... - Smell. - It smells like Christmas. - It's frankincense and myrrh. This victim died over 3,000 years ago. This is an Egyptian mummy. Like a mummy? Like a real mummy? Well, a real mummy that appears to be covered in fresh blood, and given the trajectory, it's an arterial spurt, most likely from a stabbing, and this is a lot of blood. I doubt whether whoever it was survived. If it were a stabbing, the mummy had to be directly in front of the victim. So what are you saying? The mummy killed someone? Bones - Season 5 Episode 05 "A Night at the Bones Museum" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kujathemas, Dark_Chii Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Booth hasn't found any victims who were stabbed, no hospital or emergency room admissions. Okay, well, he also checked the National Stolen Art File, and there were no reports on missing mummies, but he's checking with individual museums and curators now. If this mummy wasn't stolen from a known collection, it means it might be the product of an illegal tomb raid. That makes it a priceless anthropological find. Yeah, but is that worth killing for? Well, it's a motive I can easily understand. We've to identity the mummy to determine why someone would kill for it. You are so brilliant, Dr. Brennan. Thank you for giving me... ... another chance, and I swear I will speak in a more modulated tone and then only when asked. That's wise. Cam is running DNA and tox screen on the blood. Booth questioned those ecoterrorist freaks. They said they found the mummy when they went Dumpster diving. They thought it would be a good symbol. He said their story holds. I identified flakes of natron. It's a naturally occurring sodium carbonate decahydrate. It was used as a drying agent during the mummification process in the second century B.C. - Permission to speak? - Well, that lasted ten seconds. Tissue condition confirms the mummy is a daddy... male. They let the females putrefy prior to mummification to discourage necrophilia. - Ew and good. - Thank you. The weave pattern of the linen suggests this was a top-notch embalming. We may be talking about a pharaoh or a prince here. Someone cracked open his chest cavity. An area of compaction in the mummified tissue suggests something was stored in here. I forgot to raise my hand. I'm sorry. And judging by the margins of the fractures, the thoracic area was opened quite recently. Perhaps to remove whatever was stored inside. Buried treasure inside the mummy's chest? - Pretty good motive to kill. - I love ancient remains. I really do. There are particulates imbedded in the compaction. Yep, I'm on it. This could be a groundbreaking find. We could be honored by the American Anthropological Association. Most definitely. Our picture on the front of the journal. I would love to see my mother's face then. There seems to be a separation between the C6 and C5 vertebrae. Some kind of wooden shaft is connecting the head to the spine. Let me see. Hi, this is Special Agent Seeley Booth with the FBI, Dr. Malloy. This may sound a little strange, but we recovered a mummy that may be evidence in a homicide investigation, and... Okay, and you're sure that one hasn't disappeared? Okay, great, thanks. - Agent Booth. - Assistant Director Hacker. I just got a call from a Nobel Laureate who claims you dragged him out of bed to ask if he's missing a mummy. I assumed it was a crank call. No, no, investigating a potential homicide, sir. - And there's a mummy involved? - Preliminary report. So there is a potential mummy-related victim out there. Yeah, Bones is looking at the old guy for clues. A mummy. Damn, you field agents have all the fun. Good luck. By the way, did Temperance mention that I asked her out? Yeah, I think she may have said something like that. I wanted to make sure there's nothing going on between the two of you. I wouldn't want to get in the middle. No, nothing whatsoever, sir, strictly professional. - Are you sure? - Yeah, positive. All right, then. I'll let you get back to pissing off Nobel Laureates. Okay, so you're spying on Daisy. No, no, I'm just staying close in case an intervention is required. - This screen is so awesome. - I know, isn't it? I thought you fixed her. I... it's a process. Karloff was a genius. You could feel the mummy's pain, you know. He was dead, Sweets. He felt no pain. Emotional pain... that never dies. - Cheery thought. Thank you. - It's true. Database has no match on the blood. Hodgins found some 3,000-year-old bugs, so he's all weepy. I hope Dr. B. can get the mummy to talk. Research, I assume. Yes, sure. Imhotep is looking for the reincarnation of his ancient lover. - This could be a motive. - What are you doing here, Sweets? He's Daisy's trainer. If she attacks, he can put her down. He was decapitated. Can you do a facial reconstruction? Perhaps we can match his face to an Egyptian coffin painting. The Mummy, 1932. You don't know who Britney Spears is, but you know this movie. It's the film that made me want to be an anthropologist. Although I prefer Chaney's Mummy to Karloff's. There's an extra metacarpal on the ulnar side, likely caused by the high incidence of inbreeding among Egyptian royals. It could just be a single gene mutation. Or it could be one feature of a syndrome of congenital anomalies. Bring up the X-rays of the forearm. There, the ulna is bowed. Antley-Bixler syndrome... a recessive congenital disorder characterized by malformations of the skeleton and the skull. Flat forehead, elongation of the parietal and occipital regions. Oh, my God, he's 18th Dynasty. - Excellent, Ms. Wick, excellent. - I try, I do. Dr. Brennan, are you okay? Yours and mine... - I identified the mummy. - I helped! It is a find that is certainly valuable enough to kill for. I love this part. "And yet I shall awaken memories of love and crime and death. " Of course. Sorry. His name is Anok, the Boy with the Bleeding Heart. He was the second son of the Pharaoh, and according to legend, Anok's older brother, Meti, fell off his horse, and Anok trampled him to death to ensure that he would ascend to the throne. Anok insisted that his brother's injuries were the result of the fall, but the Pharaoh didn't believe him, and he went into a rage and he cut off Anok's head. He became the Boy with the Bleeding Heart because his grief was two fold. Grief for the death of his brother, and grief for the loss of his father's love. And what does this have to do with the murder? Anok is supposed to be here on loan from the Egyptian government. He's going on exhibit Friday. But I should have let Dr. Brennan tell you that. - Why wasn't he reported missing? - I don't know. I... I've called Booth. We have to talk to the curator. Why are you here? I was just watching the movie. So, I'm like some kind of experiment that you need to supervise? - No. I just thought if you needed me... - Do I look stupid? Because I'm not, Lance. In fact, there's lots of people who think I'm scary smart. Not about men, apparently. Her lab is upstairs on the right. Now, the Anok exhibit opens on Friday, so there's very little chance that Dr. Kaswell just let Anok get up and walk out of her lab. Of course not. Reanimation, while extremely entertaining, is impossible. Cellular death is cellular death. Listen. When was the last time you saw Dr. Kaswell? I guess a day or so. She's just been behind closed doors with Anok while I've been helping out with the dioramas, which have been a nightmare. In one scene, they painted a group of female musicians, and they have toes. Toe differentiation in Egyptian art didn't happen until much later, particularly in women. I know, right? It's fascinating. Dr. Kaswell? She hates to be disturbed. Just try the... - It's locked. - She's always here at this hour. And she would never lock herself in. - We should get the key. - Of course. Look at that. It's a mummy's coffin. Beautiful, isn't it? I can't believe she's not here. Look. It's blood. Let me get this thing out. I got it. Please, be careful with that. It's priceless. Geez! Dr. Kaswell! That would have been my guess. The FBI has locked down the Egyptian wing, looking for evidence. I can't believe Dr. Kaswell is dead. I just met her a couple months ago at a party. - She seemed nice. - She was pleasant, but an unexceptional anthropologist and obviously quite careless. Perhaps, but it's sad nonetheless, Dr. Brennan, to lose one of our own here at the Jeffersonian. - Of course. - Truth be told, we kind of flirted - with each other... - Not appropriate, Dr. Hodgins. Dr. Kaswell's blood's a match for the spray we found on the mummy. There are some metal flakes at the injury site. - You say the word, I'll take them. - One moment. The weapon appears to have penetrated the eye and then entered the frontal lobe. There's damage to the superior orbital fissure and sphenoid. It must have lacerated the internal carotid artery. That would be consistent with the arterial spurt. Given the injuries, the killer must have used a narrow, blunt-edged instrument. The metal shavings might help us identify the murder weapon. Speak, Ms. Wick. I used phenolphthalein and hydrogen peroxide in Anok's open chest cavity. You can see blood traces in the compaction and evidence of a blunt-edged instrument used to gouge out whatever was hidden in his chest. I extracted some metal shavings for Dr. Hodgins. Perhaps the murderer used the same weapon that killed Dr. Kaswell to open Anok's chest. Dr. Kaswell had been studying this mummy for weeks. She must have known what was inside his chest. The Egyptian government wouldn't allow any invasive examination of Anok. - And there was nothing in her notes? - Her notes were missing. So, you were overseeing the exhibit, Mr. Turnbull? Administrating. I was the go-between, coordinating things with Dr. Kaswell and, of course, the Egyptian National Museum. The Egyptians lent Anok to the Jeffersonian. He survived 3,000 years in the Egyptian desert, but he couldn't make it two weeks in DC. Dr. Kaswell's notes were missing. I assume she took notes. Of course. She had to turn them all over to me, so that I could give them to the Egyptians. That was part of the deal. We're gonna need all the notes that she gave you. Of course. Did she mention finding anything in Anok's chest? Chest? No. No invasive examinations were approved by the Egyptians. It's not uncommon for different departments to vie for funds for exhibits, is it, Mr. Turnbull? No, but... as you can attest, Dr. Brennan, scientists usually don't kill for them. Sure. I'm just curious... was anyone angry at Kaswell because she did get the funds? I know that Dr. Wheaton was upset. He's head of Ancient Rome Culture and Artifacts. Why was he upset? He wanted the funds to exhibit some new finds in Roman portraiture. But Alex is a good man, a friend. I mean, he's a Little League coach, for God's sake. Did he and Dr. Kaswell ever have words? Everyone has disagreements. Well, not everyone winds up dead. Heart like a marathon runner. She probably would have made it to 90 if this didn't happen. This poor woman. You know, she gave me a lift last month when my car broke down. Maybe there really is a curse. Messing with mummies... clearly not a good idea. When I was in Rio, some kid graffitied a mummy in the National Museum. The next day, choked on his own tongue. Seriously? "Death shall come on swift wings to he who disturbs the peace of mummy." I guess I'd be angry too, if someone pulled my brain out through my nose and stuck it in a canopic jar. The urine of a redheaded boy. We need so much more than that. From the swab of Dr. Kaswell's eye. A redheaded boy peed on her eye? Not exactly. See this? The tool used to stab Dr. Kaswell left traces of iron and carbon. And, to a lesser extent, silicon, manganese and phosphorous. - Any of those things scream "pee"? - Not that I'm aware. Ancient metal workers turned iron into steel by accident. They accidentally carburized the iron while heating it over charcoal, thus turning it into low-grade steel. But they thought that it was the mode of quenching the molten metal that hardened it. The redheaded boy pees on the molten metal. The iron turns to steel, and our ancient metal worker figured that the little redhead did the trick. It's an instant old wives' tale. Wait. I didn't know they had redheads in Ancient Egypt. They didn't. It was Ancient Rome. Our murder weapon was forged in Ancient Rome. Dr. Wheaton's department has a very extensive collection of Roman tools. Chisels, lathes, planes, files. Eggheads killing each other over exhibits no one really wants to see. The King Tut exhibit was immensely popular. Bones, the only thing that regular people learn from going to a museum is how to sleep standing up. All right? Pretty simple. So, I did a little checking on Hacker, by the way. 42, never been married. Just in case you're interested. Late marriage is often an indicator of a discerning, goal-oriented individual. Why is this a problem for you? Because he's my boss. And if you're gonna go out with Hacker, then you guys are gonna talk about me. - Why would I talk about you? - Because I'm what you've got in common. If you're concerned that I'd discuss any perceived shortcomings... Shortcomings? What shortcomings? Honestly, Booth, Andrew and I are attracted to each other. I'm sure neither of us will think of you for a second. Trust me, Agent Booth. I had no quarrel with Dr. Kaswell. Really? Because, according to witnesses, you were arguing with her in the middle - of the Titan exhibit. - He means Titian. Titian was a 16th century Renaissance painter from the Italian school. - Titans were ancient Greek gods... - Okay. I yelled at Dr. Kaswell. Leslie was gloating because she got the funding and I didn't. I'm human. I got angry. So stealing her beef jerky man was just some way of wrecking her exhibit and seeking revenge, but things got out of hand, and before you... A gouge is missing, Dr. Wheaton. An early steel scalprum. I don't know where that went. I've been asking the candidates. They have access to these tools for research. 25 centimeters long, blunt end. Two centimeters wide. - That could be the murder weapon. - Where were you Monday night? Here. Working. I don't have to say any more. If you have evidence, arrest me. I have work to do. Isn't it weird that 3,000 years ago, Anok was a real guy, 24 years old, like Sweets... living his life and falling in love? Yep. But he didn't know his afterlife was going to consist of being dissected and analyzed, like what he really is... just a mere mass of chemicals. Yeah, that was the romantic notion I was going for. Thank you. Dr. Brennan wanted me to check on those swabs from the mummy's chest cavity. - Not that I'm trying to rush you. - Is everything okay, Daisy? I can't believe you asked that. Lance and I had a little disagreement. He's overbearing and untrusting, and I'm evaluating the future of our relationship. You're so good to ask. - We're close, aren't we? - Look what I found. Three different particulates within the chest cavity. We got crushed mammal bone, kermes insect and woad legume. - Animal, vegetable and mineral. - Actually, that would be two animals and a vegetable, because bone is organic, not a mineral. Oh, my God. The three particulates are totally different, but they're actually the exact same thing. Woad, kermes insect and bone were all used by the Ancient Egyptians to make paint. I learned this when I was in art school. Bone for white, kermes insect for red and woad for indigo. So we just can't make out the colors anymore because of decomp? Brennan thought perhaps the compaction was left by a canopic jar. No. They didn't paint those. They weren't important. It would have been like painting Tupperware. Yeah, but something was painted. - What would have been painted? - And why did somebody hide it inside his body? It must have been important, and it needed to last forever. So, if I can scan the cavity and find out where the paint seeped into the different tissues, I might be able to reconstruct what was in Anok's chest. This is Azita Jabbari from the Egyptian National Museum. Turn off that light. What? Wait a minute. We just disco... We have not authorized any invasive or investigative procedures on Anok. Ms. Jabbari wants her mummy back. "The Boy With the Bleeding Heart" goes back to Cairo today. Unless you would like to start a feud between our two governments. Anok is a national treasure on loan to your country. According to our agreement, we can revoke the permit at any time. I understand your government's concern, but he's safe in our Medico-Legal Lab. The low humidity and temperature in the lab are optimum conditions. With all due respect, you have no legal grounds to keep him. Yes, we do. He's evidence in a murder investigation. Whoever killed Dr. Kaswell stole something from inside the mummy. Any idea what was inside that was worth killing for? Have you examined the CAT scans? What CAT scans? A few days ago, I granted Dr. Kaswell's request to perform CAT scans on Anok. The films should be in Dr. Kaswell's files. Dr. Kaswell's lab was searched. The files are missing. Then ask the young man who worked for Dr. Kaswell. He sent the request. "I work for Dr. Kaswell at the Jeffersonian Institution, "and I'm writing to request autobiographical information on the man who funded the exhumation of Anok's tomb." I checked with the museum. You never worked with Dr. Kaswell. - That's why I'm here? - That and other reasons. She was murdered, so start talking. Technically, I did not work for her, but Dr. Kaswell did agree to be my doctoral advisor at the antiquities graduate program - at Georgetown. - Very impressive. Thank you. I'm very bright. Okay, Bright Boy, let's just stay on point, shall we? As soon as I got to D.C., Dr. Kaswell said that she did not have the time for me anymore, that she was too busy prepping the Anok exhibit, but I knew all about Anok. I wrote a paper on him as an undergrad. It pissed you off, that she wouldn't let you help? Okay, yes, but not enough to kill her. I signed up as a museum intern so I could prove my value to her. You thought if you helped her with her work, she might change her mind about advising you. It was my idea to do the CAT scans on Anok. She thought it was an excellent suggestion. So, you saw the films? No, I didn't even know if she followed through, but I would have killed to see those images. - Excuse me? - But I didn't. Usually all you find in a mummy's torso are pounded perfumes. That's all I've ever found. Once a sandwich, but of course, it was stale. You found a sand...? You're joking. That's funny. A sandwich, because it's highly unlikely to find one in a mummy. Did I tell you that Anok has six fingers? Also highly unlikely, so perhaps there is a sandwich in him. You know, no joke... I have an uncle with four toes. Frostbite or lawnmower? You are good. Lawn mowing accident. He was watching a playoff game while cutting the lawn. No regrets. It was a great game. So, what do you want to eat after this appetizing conversation? Booth likes to get the meatloaf. He has them take out the hard boiled egg, because his mother used to tell him it was a human eyeball. I got to say, you and Booth, it's an unlikely partnership. I prefer not to talk about Booth, if you don't mind. It's fine by me. You're a far more interesting topic. I'd like to know the story behind your guitar. Not many FBI directors have a Stratocaster in their office. I'm impressed. You know the Stratocaster. I had a victim who was beaten to death with one. But it still played. It is an excellent instrument. Sorry. I'm so sorry. They need me back at the lab. You're investigating a murder. That tends to take precedence over meatloaf. Friday night dinner on me? Sure, and I will then reveal the secret of the Stratocaster. All right. - Bye. - Bye. Why you don't tell me you were on a date - when I texted you? - It was just drinks. Celibate seeking crumbs. Spill. He's Booth's boss's boss. His name is Andrew. Wait. This is his boss's boss? Was Booth upset? Yes. I don't know why. Brennan, this could screw up the natural order of things. And Booth wishes that you were going out with him. I drink with him all the time, but with Andrew, there's the potential for sex. And not with Booth? You said there was something important you wanted me to see? Yes. The paint residue was found inside the compacted area in Anok's chest. Now, I laid a grid over that area. Next, Hodgins inspected each section of the grid for chemical residue, assigning values based on our color differential. It was kind of like paint by numbers. Okay. Anyway, bone for white, kermes insect for red, and wode for indigo. Okay, now I reshaped, refined and cropped the edges. And finally, I removed the grid. Hieroglyphs. A negative impression. Because they were left by the object that was hidden inside the chest. Very good. I know, right? Next, we take the object out and we look on the bottom. And we have the positive image of the hieroglyphs. Amazing, but many of these characters are incomplete. Well, some of the paint residue had faded too much - and couldn't be retrieved. - But if we can decipher this, - it could tell us what was inside. - I know. Sex. Print this out and send it to Dr. Babajanian in Ancient Languages. Come on. Be a pal. I need a vicarious thrill. Please? I was looking for Daisy. Haven't seen her. Looks like you're making carpaccio. This is Dr. Kaswell's brain. God, I'm sorry. I'm having some serious problems with Daisy. - Can I ask your advice? - No. - Really. - Really. I have a 16-year-old, and believe me, when it comes to dating advice, I am batting a red hot zero. You've been through this, a million times yourself. Did you call me old? Is that what it felt like? You see? I can't help it. I alienate every woman I talk to, no matter how pure my motives. All right, give me a ballpark. No specifics. I don't want specifics. The woman I love won't speak to me. You are an excellent shrink. You can help people, but Daisy's not people. She's the person you love, the person you have to trust. If she's gonna screw up, let her. It'll show her you have faith in her. - That's superb advice. - It was kind of good? I thought I was taking care of her, but you're right. I was just insulting her. - Thank you. - No problem. And now we're done. Done. You're crushing me, and I think you're getting brain on your suit. Brain. This just gets more and more interesting, doesn't it? It was a friendship hug. And an uncomfortable one. You need something? A courier just dropped off the memory chip from the CAT scan machine Dr. Kaswell used to image Anok. - Angela's looking at it now. - Thank you. You don't need to spy. I'm fine. And I don't need those stupid breathing exercises. I'm sorry. I never meant to... I'm busy. I have a murder to solve. And I'm sure you have ink blots to show somebody. There's the embedded object. Based on the density of the image, it's most likely Nile stone. - What's that? - Can you enhance it? It's crystalline in structure. It's a corundum in the trigonal crystal system and the hexagonal scalenohedral class. - A mineral of some sort? - If the CAT scan were in color, it'd be red and really expensive. A ruby. A giant ruby. It's where Anok's heart would be. Anok's bleeding heart must refer to the ruby. A stone that size worth a fortune. Only someone who saw the scan would've known. Dr. Kaswell's grad student... He's the one that requested them. Booth cleared him, he was working on dioramas. But Jabbari knew about them, too. She gave permissionto have them. And she tried to get Anok taken away before we finish investigating. This is insane. I have devoted my life to preserving my country's antiquities. You knew about the CAT scan. You had access to the mummy. I didn't know about it, and if I did, I would have insisted on security. It is a national treasure. I am holding you responsible for losing it. Where were you three nights ago when he was murdered? In Los Angeles. There was a fund-raiser. I know it's tacky, but the ambassador wanted me there. I am sure that counts as an alibi? You said you found hieroglyphs. I would like to see them. An expert from the Jeffersonian is studying them. I'm one of the foremost scholars on ancient hieroglyphs. These are incomplete. We know. They are remnants from the paintings on the box that contained the ruby. This is a signature. This is a message from the Pharaoh's wife. - A note from his mom. - Exactly. "My heart bleeds. For my guiltless son." Guiltless. She didn't think that Anok killed his brother? No mother wants to believe that. That hasn't changed. This could change history. We now have the ability to determine Meti's cause of death. I can have his remains brought from the Natural History Museum. - I would like to assist. - Of course. - How's that gonna help? - It won't, but it could exonerate Anok. There can be no time limit for justice. Dr. Kaswell's killer is out there now. We're running out of suspects. You'll do it. You always do. I'll call New York. How's the case going? Not solved yet. But, you're not here for that, are you? I wanted to say you're doing a great job. Truly exceptional. Sir, if we would just kill the compliments and say what's on your mind, I'd appreciate. Right. Let's drop the agent/boss thing for a minute. It's been a while since I've met someone, you know, special. And, I don't want to make a fool if she is only going out with me 'cause I'm the boss. Right. Listen, sir, Bones doesn't feel the pressure to act or do or say anything that she doesn't want to. And no one, no one can make her. That what makes her... Bones. - Okay, thanks, really. - No problem. Next time you're at the Founding Fathers, you should try the meatloaf with the egg. You'll like it. Tastes nothing like a human eye. Maybe we missed particulates from the killer on the mummy's linen wrapping. He was found in a Dumpster, so he'd be covered in particulates. But we'd be looking for something non-dumpster related. Of course. Never give up. - Was I too hard on Lance? - Focus. But you're a man. Lance is so cute, isn't he? That'd be a question for a woman. Someone that cute isn't malicious. He can't be. You don't need me for this conversation, do you? Wait. I think I found something. A probative particulate? A grease spot. Most likely a fingerprint. - What's this? - What does it look like? An egg. And when was the last time you recently talked about an egg? He asked me what was good, and I mentioned that you liked the meatloaf. Right there. You said you weren't going to talk about me, and you did. But I... I didn't mean to talk about you. I told him I didn't want to. But I like that story and I guess it just popped out. I don't need him knowing about my mother's meatloaf. Why are you so upset? Because... what goes on between us is ours. Come on, you must've told a lot of people the meatloaf story, right? So, I got a print. Your people run it through the database. - You get a name? - Alexander Wheaton. The Director of Roman Antiquities. You want evidence? We found your evidence. This is ridiculous. I didn't kill Dr. Kaswell. You were in the building, your fingerprint was on the mummy. There's been some kind of mistake. I would never have touched without being gloved, and Leslie never have allowed it. Wait a minute, I know what happened. What happened, Doc? I'm all ears. I did go to see her that night. I'd been a jerk, jealous about her getting the money. We'd been friends for years, I wanted to apologize. We made up, and she wanted to show me Anok, scientist to scientist. She opened Anok's coffin and the mummy slipped. I reached out to stop it. - It was just a reflex. - Did she show you the CAT scans? But she swore me to secrecy. It was such an important find, I wasn't going to betray her trust. After you saw them, the mummy vanishes with your fingerprint, your friend dies, and these scans, they just disappear. They were in her notes. She showed them before she submitted. The scans that were supposed to be submitted to Dr. Turnbull? He was the administrator. They'd be in the notes he turned over to you. - He deliberately withheld the scans. - Destroyed them is more likely. Turnbull's spot is number ten. He probably put Amok in his car, and he took off with it. I can't imagine anyone destroying an artifact like that, especially a scholar like Turnbull. I was going to call himabout my work with Meti. Steven Turnbull's vehicle here? - That's right. - Shut that off there, will you? Can you step out of the car? You could be destroying evidence. Oh, man, another drug dealer? It's not my fault. I do a good job, so word of mouth, it gets around... Is he a regular customer of yours? - He saw my ad at the Laundromat. - At the Laun... No wonder you have nothing but drug dealers coming to you. Stand over there. Over there, Rodney. Take a whiff. Smells like Christmas. I saw the CAT scans. I was going to sneak in, take the ruby and close him up again. But Leslie came back. We argued. I lost my retirement in the market. No one even knew that ruby was in there. She shouldn't have gotten in the way. It was her fault. What you doing? My work. Dr. Brennan and I found cause of death for Meti. - He's actually... - Look, I should've had more faith in you. I knew how important this was, I want you to get everything that you want. And anytime you don't, it kills me. Really? By looking over your shoulder, it makes people think that you can't do things. And you can. You're brilliant. Certainly well above average. Brilliant. You know, Dr. Brennan was very impressed by you. She said that? Unsolicited. You're so beautiful. And I promise that if you ever fail in the future, I will do absolutely nothing but just give you a hug. That's the nicest thing you ever said to me. And I really do love the breathing exercises. So... do you want to be my Lance-a-lot again? You know that drives me crazy! We're not supposed to be down here yet. You're with me. This is my find. You're not gonna get into trouble. Don't step on that! Why? God, this is so cool! He wasn't trampled by his brother? Meti suffered from osteogenesis imperfecta. Otherwise known as brittle bone disease. Meti's fall from his horse killed him. Anok was innocent. His mother was right. So it only took 3,000 years for someone to hear her. I'll tell you what. If I was Egypt, I'd throw you a party, too. I have to speak. I hate these things. What are you talking about? You're great at these things. Listen, you changed history. How many people can say that? You can. Every arrest you make changes history. You make the world safer. With your help. So, Andrew... I thought you were going to take him. That's what he told me. I was, yes, but... you and I, this was our case, and I guess... what goes on between us, that should just be ours. Isn't that what you said? Come on, you two. The ambassador is about to speak.