wrote to the then-curator of the Jeffersonian Institution, Professor Daniel Payne, to aid in the evaluation of specimens Hoover thought to be irrefutably human. This was the result. Despite this early disagreement, the FBI and the Jeffersonian have forged a mutually beneficial, if someone tense relationship, which survives to this day. Thank you. Thank you, Dr. Brennan. Are there any questions? Yes? How much money have you made from your book? I don't really know. I haven accountant and an agent... That's not really the kind of question we're looking for from an anthropology student. Yes? Did you get your agent before or after you wrote the book? People, Dr. Brennan is an accomplished forensic anthropologist who writes books on the side. I have a question regarding the role of the FBI in your book. Who do you base brilliant and insightful Special Agent Andy Lister on? Oh, for God's sake. 'Cause, you know, pretty sure it was me. What are you doing here, Booth? Local police got an anonymous call saying that there were human remains in a field behind a mall out in the suburbs. I did an anthropological profile of the suburbs as a grad student. The whole notion of a created community; a modern utopia with its own mores and rules-- it's fascinating. Fascinating to who? - To whom. - Whom... You gotta be kiddin' me. What? My publishers gave it to me. Gave it to you? Yeah. Book sales are pretty good. It's supposed to be a nice car. - Gave it to you?! - Yeah! Well, why'd you park crooked? Well, the guy said to always park it like that. He's wrong. Makes you look like an idiot. How about I drive for once? No, I cannot show up at a crime scene in that. Why?! Because it would detract from the gravity of my FBI presence. Especially if you parked crooked. Why is the FBI involved in the search for human remains behind a suburban mall? 'Cause this boy is missing. A child. Yeah! Anonymous call came in a couple hours ago. No sign of him yet. How do you know it wasn't a prank? You have to come right away! There's, like, a dead kid here, all ed arotty! It's in a field behind Clayton Hills Mall. you better come! That ring is true. Why anonymous? Kids come here to party, misbehave... Adolescents and pre-adolescents tend to seek out their own space to establis their own society; to counter parental influence. You mind if I make an observation? No, of course not. In your book, the cops come off as very one-dimensional. Why is that? You mean two-dimensional. One-dimensionality exists only in theory, as a mathematical value. Okay. Really looking forward to your next book. PDid you bring the thermal imager? I don't think we need it. It mak me look like e Great Gazoo. I don'know what that means, but we definitely need it, Zack. How's it going there, Darth? Anything on Saturn? Aw, please tell me you've seen at least one Star Wars movie. When I was seven. And leave Zack alone. Can we please hurry up? It's stuffy in here. I should be able to see any heat residue released from decomposing bodies. Party Central. Because suburbs are so homogeneous, adolescents tend to rebel in predictable and uniform ways: Fire, ilcit substances, wayward behavior... You think that wayward behavior would include abducting a six-year-old child? That's pretty extreme. Adolescents are more likely to drink alcohol and listen to culturally inappropriate music at high volum I'm picking something up. Oh, my God... What? Why'd you stop? You can turn on your flashlight. Aim it over here. Bones 1x05 A boy in a Bush Trancript: cfsmp3 Sync: Narkond Before proceeding with maceration, any general observations? Zack? Epiphyses fusion puts the age at approximately six to ten years though the stature suggests younger. Good. I concord. Cause of death? Blunt trauma to the chest. Are you all right? He... he's so small. That's all. Go on with your work; I'm okay. The remains were significantly degraded by insect and animal activity-- mostly dog and rodent. Despite the condition of the body, he's been dead only 36 and 48 hour These were found a few yards from the body. Noce thatithey are in perfect condition. What does that tell you? The victim wasn't wearing them when he was killed. Which suggests he was sexually assaulted. I'm done. I think we have a match. The clothing matches. It's Charles Gregory Sanders. On behalf of the FBI, we're extremely sorry for the loss of your son. And I have a few questions, I mean only if you're up to it. You have two other sons? Foster sons...though I try not to make the distinction. Sean and David Cook. They are brothers. I live right next door. Charlie was your own? Yes...Charlie was mine. What about Mr. Sanders? We divorced shortly before Charlie was even born. He works overseas. He doesn´t even send child support. You mind if ask how you afford this nice neighborhood? Child Services wouldn't allow a single mother to foster if she worked... I live off the proceeds of a generous trust fund my parents set up long ago. And the day that Charlie disappeared, all three boys went to the park. It's two blocks away. It's a very safe neighborhood. They walk farther to school. We all keep an eye out for each other around here. People are good neighbors. Take an interest. Mom? In here, Skyler. This is my son Skyler. Dad told me to bring the boys back. We've got to go on a job. There's nothing to do here. Our video game's broke. Sean, David, This is Agent Booth. He's going to find out what happened to Charlie. How you gonna figure it out? Oh, I'm in the FBI. We always figure it out. Boys, I mean, if it's all right with your mother, maybe I could help you out with your video game. This are invitations to a banquet. You called a special meeting to invite us to a party? Don't think of it as an invitation, consider it a summons. It's for donors. Meet and greet, press the flesh, butt-kiss... I don't like it any more than you do, but these people fund our rrch, and all they want in return is to rub elbows with a scientist every once in a while. Can't make it. Yeah, me, neither. I have a date that night. You don't even know when it is. yes, Mr Addy? What kind of food will there be? When I said you should think of this invitation as a summons, I understated. It's a subpoena. A grand jury subpoena. Ignore it at your own peril. You´re not gonna fire us if we don't go. No, not fire you, but I can move your parking spot to Lot M. Enjoy the shuttle ride. The shuttle smells like feet. I know when I'm beat. I'm in. What the hell? It's a party. Do I have to wear a tie? Formal wear. I've arranged for a limo to pick us up from here. Not me. I'm not afraid of parking or feet. Wait... you drive me to work. You can't just think of yourself. Repercussions and consequences, Dr. Hodgins. I'm your boss and you will go tthis banquet. Do you know what you're doing? I can fix anything. Cool So, you guys, uh... you guys have girlfriends? - I do. - Her name is Leila. Leila? Leila... I thought you were going to ask us questions about Charlie. Yeah, so which one of you puny mortals wants to challenge me first? Oh, me! You about to clean the bones? Yes. I'm warming up the boiler now. Something wrong? These are the smallest remains I've ever worked on. That's a valid observation, Zack, but it's not helpful to the investigation. Sorry, Dr. Brennan. I was at Waco. Br Davian compound. I helped identify children who had been killed in the fire. 17 of them. So, you're saying I'll get used  it? No...I'm saying you'll never get used to it. We're primates. Social creatures. It's coded into our DNA to protect our young, Even from each other. So I'm always going to feel terrible? What helps me is to pull back emotionally. Just... put your heart in a box. I'm not good with metaphor, Dr. Brennan. Focus on the details. Details-- yeah, I can do that. No trauma to the skull, no compound fractures. Charlie was not beaten to death, or dismembered. It helps not to refer to the victim by name. Green stick fractures on ribs four, five, six and seven, and the sternum is snapped transversely from the tip to the xyphoid. Okay, what does that indicate? The victim's chest was struck by a heavy, blunt object. Are you completely certain we've learned everything we can from the body at this stage of decomposition? I've been over everything at least three times. Smell the mouth. Anything behind the typical smells of decomposition? Some kind of chemical? Chloroform? Something used to render the boy unconscious? Take samples from the mouth, jaw, sinuses and... what's left of the esophagus. Kids make it harder, Zack. All right, look, you beat me bad! No wonder you don't have a girlfriend! David! It's okay, Mrs. Sanders. That's all right. No, I do have a girlfriend. She pretty? Nah. She's butt-ugly. She's got one glass eye, and ugly back teeth. Now, was Leila with you the day that Charlie disappeared? Uh... yeah, actually. We stopped and played some video games at the arcade. That must've been before you and Charlie went to the park. You didn't go to the mall that day, David. Sean? Don't ask Sean, Mom. You met Leila at the mall, didn't you? You left Charlie with Sean at the park. Well, just for a few minutes and ten they came back to the mall. David! Sean let go of his hand for a second Charlie was gone like that! And then we came straight home! Charlie wasn't taken from the park, he was snatched from the mall. We've been looking in the wrong place Come on Son. What's with the rubber band? Methyl oxide vapor in this chamber will bind whatever compound Charlie breathed in before he was killed. Ouch! It's an anger management tecnique, right? The key there is management. This is what I'm doing. Managing my anger. There'll be a color change. Red for pnictogens and chalcogens and blue for halogens. I get that you're a little off-kilter. Mad at the government, conspiracy of dunces-- all that. Maybe even furious that you've had to mount a littly's jawbone inside a box to find out what killed him. Wh I don't get is why going to a banquet makes you angry. Halogens it is. I'm going to scrape off the particles and see if the mass spectrometer can identify what type of halogen. Anger is only turned inwards. There are 20 surveillance cameras taking stills every two seconds throughout the mall, including access corridors and parking lots. I concentrated on the ones aimed at the public concourse. Okay, 10,000 people a day go through that mall. How we going to find one small kid? Angela designed a mass recognition program to apply body types to skeletal remains. Endomorph, ectomorph, mesomorph-- that sort of thing. I modified it to scan two-dimensional images. In this case, we're looking for body masses roughly congruent with Charlie, Sean and David There's David. You're actually one of them, aren't you? One of who? The squint. You look normal, and you act normal, but you're actually one of them. This whole mass recognition program was Brennan's idea. I'm completely normal. Really. Yeah. Maybe before you got this job but, well... I see Charlie. Whoa. That's him, all right. Oh God Ang... are you okay? These are probably the last pictures of this little guy alive. Why is he alone? Why isn't anybody with him? Sorry. Max resolution is X-40 by 480 pixels per inch He's not alone. Someone's calling him over. Can't you just zoom in? The fewer pixels that make up an image, the more the picture degrades once we zoom in on it. Did that sound too squinty? Any way to enhance it? Well, I wouldn't bet a date with Colin Farrell on it. I know him. He's funny. Funny is Will Ferrell, sweetie. Hot is Collin Farell. Look, the kid was definitely moving towards someone, all right? He wasn't struggling, he wasn't trying to get away. You know, I wanna add the neighborhood kids...Skyler and Nelson to the list of possible suspects. I have one other angle, but our bad guy is still obstructed in it. Who the hell are you? Are you thinking of leaving the Jeffersonian? I'm not really this person. What person? I'm not like you. I'm not driven by the need for justice and all that. I'm a good-time girl. We have good times. Cracking jokes over murdered skeletons is not good times. I know it's harder on you than it is for the rest of us. No, it's not. Why? Because you look at their faces. We look at everything else. It's more clinical for us. For you it... it's personal. When we see a murdered child... Honey, I...I'm...No offense. I'm really not up for one of you "It takes a village" anthropology lessons. This is the longest I've ever had a job. That's because of you. If this is about hours or time to do your own art, then... Just let me work on it, okay? I'm an artist. I used to draw naked guys. Now I draw dead guys. Just don't decide anything without talking to me. Of course I won't. I'm afraid Angela might quit. Amazed she stuck it out this long. Why? Oh, because she's human. I'm sorry, Bones, it's just that, you know, uh, Angela didn't get the same training that the rest of you got on, uh, Planet Vulcan. I don't know what that means. She's more sensitive. - Who's more sensitive? - Angela. She like puppies and kitties and ducklings and, you know, Jell-O shots, and, you know, dancing on bars. I know that. She´s my best friend. And Angela's not the only person in the world who likes baby animals. I never got the big attraction. I rest my case. She's more sensitive. We cross-referenced the length and density of Charlie's leg bones with other children his age. The victim, I mean. The thing to do is concentrate on the details. Let's do that. We found some abnormalities. They're bowed and abnormally short. Also, the victims bones show freezing of the joints at the hip and knee. What you saying Charlie was crippled? The victim was disabled, yes. His mother never mentioned that. The ribs are broken in two places, which is not typical of blunt foce trauma. How do you explain that? I attribute it to his medical condition and the corresponding brittleness of his bones. I agree. What is that condition? It looks like scoliosis. A bend in the spine. I think it's more than that, Zack. There are multiple calcified lesions on the posterior thoracic vertebrae. That plus Charlie's short stature and the asymmetric length  his legs. Margaret Sanders may not be Charlie's biological mother. What? Test the bones for X link type of hypophosphatemia and Coffin-Lowry syndrome. Whoa, whoa. Okay, hold on. USimmer down, just back up to the part where she's not his mother. Dr. Brennan is having me check for hereditary genet defects which are always passed from mother to child. If Charlie had one, then Margareth Sanders is not his mother How can you say that? Charlie suffered from a hereditary genetic disorder called hypophosphatemia. Charlie's real mother would have the same disease. You do not. Never say I wasn't Charlie's real mother because I was. Biological mother, then. Mrs. Sanders, you are not Charlie's biological mother. You want to explain that to us? I can't have children. That's why my husband left me. So, I took in foster kids. - Like Sean and David Cook? - And Carlie. Though his name was Nathan. I got him as a baby down in Pittsburgh. Ten days old. His mother was arrested on drug charges, and Child Services brought him to me. Three weeks I had him. Then the charges was droped. And you kept him? I gave him back. But it nearly killed me. I stayed in touch. I bought him things. Formula, a stroller. I wanted to make sure he was all right. Nathan what, Mrs. Sanders? Nathan Downey. His mother was a drug addict named Jeannine. Christmas Day, I found her dead on a kitchen floor. A needle stuck in her arm, and I could hear Charlie crying upstairs. So, I went up. And you took him home? I look him in the eyes and I promised him I would never leave him alone again. And he spped crying. I expected every day for Child Services to come looking He would have ended up back in the system anyway. I meant to keep him safe. And love him. And now, he's dead. Okay, I had to arrest her. The story checked out-- the overdose. She confessed to kidnapp Margaret Sanders did nothing more than respond to the anthropological imperative. She saw an orphan and reacted. This is not a National Geographic study, okay? This is the suburbs. Why would she kill the boy? She obviously loved him. There are situations, right. The kid gets sick, he doesn't turn out to be what she wanted. I bet that you could give me a dozen examples of societies that have kild their own young. Well, what about Sean and David Cook? Where do they go now? Back into the system. Do you have any idea how bad the foster care system is? Do you? What do you want to do, hmm? Do you want to kidnap them, the way she kidnapped Charlie? I want you to let them go home Margareth Sanders. It's not gonna happen. Try redigitizing and resizing. I did. The extrapolation protocol got confused by the spread. You know Hodgins better than anybody else. So, why is he so bent out of shape about this banquet? What makes you say that? Because every time someone mentions it, he starts snapping that rubber band around his wrist. I mean, what makes you think I know Hodgins better than anyone else? You're roommates. I live above his garage. But you see a lot of each other. Not really. He drives you to work. I've never been up to the main house. The main house? It's at the opposite end of the driveway on the other side across from the pond. Okay, anything on the identity of Charlie's abductor? I can't clear up this image any more than it is. Tell Booth what you told me about living in Hodgins's garage. There's a bedroom, living room, kitchen, another bedroom, a then, two bath... Great. Quite a garage. Can we focus on the case? How many cars does he have in that garage? Including the antique ones, about 12. And a boat. Zack has never seen the main house, because the tennis courts and the pond block the view. Well, he must be one of those Hodginses. Who are those Hodginses? The Cantilever Group Hodginses. Oh my God The same Cantilever Group that generates more GNP than Europe? Get this. They are the single biggest donors to the Jeffersonian Institution. Ha. Makes Hodgins your boss. What do you guys even talk about when he drives you to work? I mostly sleep. Hodgins mostly yells at the radio. Okay, if you can't see the guy's face, maybe you can grab a reflection That's a workable idea. Oh, I'd say thanks, you know, if you didn't say it like it was some kind of a miracle. Chem lab mass spectrometer identifies the particulates in Charlie Sanders' mouth as fluoride. - I recognize that look. - What? You're writing another book. When you write, you get this stunned look on your face, like you stuck a fork in a toaster. Am I this one, too? You weren't in the last one. Fluoride? At what concentration? It's too high for toothpaste. Put together a list of... Put together a list of anything that could conceivably contain fluoride at those levels. All right. Do you have time for this? Oh! He gave me a car. Nice! Who? My publisher. Now I feel like I have to earn it by writing another book. Fight coercion in all its forms. You don't write the book, I don't go to the banquet. Solidarity. Angela has a face for the abductor. I looked on both cameras. This one offered up more reflective surfaces. Right at the door. Olhe isso. The abductor's face. By polarizing the image, the computer can interpret the spaces and the dark gaps and fill in the missing pieces. Wait, that doesn't look like an adult. When I repolarize the image... Sean Cook. The victim's foster brother. Where were you taking Charlie, Sean? I brought him to the mall to see David. I know you brought him to the mall, but we got a picture of you... leading him out of the mall. Have you seen much of this ki of thing? I'm a juvenile prosecutor. I wish I could say kids killing kids was rare. Where were you taking him, Sean? When can I talk to Margaret? After you answer my questions. Can he do that? Lie to a kid? We're after a child killer, Dr. Brennan. If the child advocate in there doesn't complain, I sure as hell won't. What's the point of having a child advocate if he doesn't advocate for the child? I get the impression you're confused as to what side you're on, Dr. Brennan. Sean. - You know what that is? - A scar? Yeah. I got it, uh, when I was playing soldier with my brother, Jared. Did it hurt? Yeah, it hurt. But it was an accident. You got any scars? My dad did it with a cigarette. He shouldn't have done that. Margaret didn't do anything like that. I love Margaret. What I nd to know is if Charlie had some kind of an accident. Sean? Maybe we can just take a break. Sean? He's not being aggressive enough. Foster kids are powerless. They're treated like garbage. You're in a position to do something about it and all you say is, "He's not being aggressive enough?" Dr. Brennan, you know this boy may very well have beaten a child to death with a rock How long have we known each other? Do people really ever know each other? How come you never invited me over to your house? Oh, I didn't pick up that kind of vibe off you. I thought we were close-- all of us. What else don't I know? Is Zack from another planet? Oh, come on, that one is obvious. You're rich. You single-handedly own the Cantilever Group. Don't deny it. I know. Who else knows? Zack. Booth. Don't tell Brennan. Why don't you want us to know that you are actually our boss? I don't want to be anybody's boss. I never did. Please respect that. What's up with Angela? It's... job pressure. Fluoride at lower concentrations is used in tooth paste, instant tea and is added to our drinking water, which, I might add, can cause a range of conditions, brain damage... Which has nothing to do with the case at hand. The concentrations found on our victim might come from wood preservatives, paint thinners, car wax, or various other industrial products. Okay. Did Angela say anything to you about quitting her job? No. But we hardly know anything about each other. Bones. I thought you'd like to know... Sean and David are in emergency care. Pulled some strings, you know, to make sure they... they get to stay together. That's good. Thanks. It's the best I could do. Yeah. I understand. Oh... you know, you say you understand but you don't, not really. I mean, if you don't like the rule, you ignore it, right? I can´t have that And if you wto do this... - Do what? - Work on cases. You know, with me, outside the lab. If you want to do that, I need to know that you will respect the law. Tell you what. If I can't respect the law, I can at least respect you. Oh... Yeah, that'll work, too. It kind of comes out of nowhere, but... Look what you did. It's a pencil. I'll get you a new one The victim was killed by trauma to the chest, but the ribs are broken in two places, not just one. Probably because of the brittle bones, because of the... his disease. Well, that was my assumption, but there's another explanation. Whoa. What's the other explanation? Compression. Wait. Charlie Sanders was crushed to death? Yes! Green stick fractures, vertebral and sternal. See? Hey, Sean Cook outweighed Charlie Sanders by what, maybe 30 pounds? How could he have crushed him to death? Angela, we need to run some scenarios through the Angelator. Angela! Booth! Zack has been informed that if he tells anyone who I am, I will kick him out on the street like a stray dog. Sadly, there is nothing I can threaten you two with. Yeah, that's a shame. What I want out of my life is to come in here and sift through slime and bugs. Unfortunately, my family is one of those who secretly run the world. Paranoia and delusions of grandeur, all in one package. You call it paranoia, I call it the family business. Please, coulyou jud  stop?! The reason that I do not want to go to that banquit is because the other members of the ruling elite will make a big fuss about seeing me. My secret will be out, and my life-- this life, that I love-- will be ruined. I'm asking you, please. Please just let me be Jack Hodgins who works in the lab. Charlie was three feet four inches tall and weighed 58 pounds. E Sean? Sean Cook is 1.4 meters tall and weighs 31 kilograms. His brother David was five eight, 150 pounds. 1.75 meters, 68 kilograms. At first, I thought the break to Charlie's sternum was caused by blunt trauma because it only ran along one fault line. But, when Booth broke my pencil, I realized there's another way to cause the same type of injury: compression. Well, Hodgins found no particulates that suggested crushing. Body weight. There has to be enough weight on the victim to stop the abdomen from moving so no air can get into the lungs. Prolonged pressure caused the sternum to snap in half and the ribs to break. Sorry. Sorry. I entered real-world variables, taking into account Charlie's size and the amount of pressure...in the way that it was broken. What did you end up with? 86.2 kilograms. What's that in American? 190 pounds. Way too much for either of the Cook kids or Margaret Sanders. I put the neighborhood kid, Skyler, at about 160 pounds. Well, it can´t be him, either. We should be looking for a full-grown man. You have to get Sean to tell you where he took Charlie when they left the mall. He won't talk to me. Let me do it. Uh, no. People are not your strong point, Bones, and besides, he's not gonna care how many facts you put in front of him. Could you just go with me on this one, Booth? We're trying to catch a killer. Let me help. When was the last time you even talked to kid? I know what to say. - Do you remember me, Sean? - The museum lady the one who's so smart. Yeah, I'm pretty smart. And very modest. Oh, believe me, she is being modest. Smart enough to know that you didn't kill Charlie. You don't have to say anything, Sean. Just listen. They give you a garbage bag to carry all your stuff like they're telling you everything you own is garbage, and then you have to go to a new school in clothes that smell like garbage bags. All the regular kids know you're a foster kid. How do you know what it's like? They bounce you from place to place and it's never home. Sometimes the foster parents are nice. Like Margaret? Yeah. And sometimes they separate you from your brother. It must have beennice with Margaret, staying with David. We got bunk beds. At night, I knew David was there. I knew he was guarding me. Margaret's nice. You'd do almost anything to stay with Margaret, right? The man you took Charlie to, the man who hurt him, he's noticed that. He didn't know that he'd hurt Charlie, but he did. And then he told you that Margare would blame you-- that she'd hate you, but this man is lying to you, Sean. I can make sure that you´d go back to Margaret. How? You work at a museum. I have a friend at the FBI. If I ask him to, he'll make surethat you and David get to live with Margaret again. Dr. Brennan you can't make promises like that. Yes, I can. He will do it. My friend will make it happen. Oh, man. But you have to tell me-- who hurt Charlie? I'm gonna need your help to keep the promises she made to that boy. Hey, I-I-I, I can't promise... Mrs. Charlto my people and your people are gonna have to make this happen. What if Margaret doesn't want me anymore? Charlie wasn't her biological son either. Charlie wasn´t her biological son either. Charlie was just like you Someone that Margaret chose to love. I don't think we should let that man take you and David and Charlie away from Margaret, do you? We should stop him. You and I should stop him. She did it. She´s got his name. Edward Nelson you´re under arrest for sexual assault and murder of Charlie Sanders - Boys. - Mom. We have him cold. The insecticide he was using on the termites matches the fluoride concentration perfectly. Skyler's dad admitted everything. Don'tell me. He said crushing Charlie to death was a mistake. He never abused Sean Cook. He just used him to get near Charlie. It played out just like you said. He had Charlie out in that field. Some teenage kids, they come by. So, he knelt on Charlie to keep him from crying out. Sean got scared. He ran back to his brother. Charlie was small and weak. His sternum collapsed. You think he abused any other kids? Yeah. Probably own son. You report that to Child Services? Try to get the kid some help. And I'm sorry. For what? You have personal experience in the system. I was a foster child until my grandfather got me out. Yeah, when you said, um, they'd take you away from your brother, I kind of had the feeling you weren't talking about David Cook. Booth... I'll tell you all about it one day. But tonight, I have to get dressed for a party. Okay, Bones. By the way, there's a huge ding on my passenger-side door because you told me  not to park it at an angle. Okay, that's just mean! I... You're mean. All right. That is t a tuxedo, Dr. Hodgins. I am not going, Dr. Goodman. You are going. When we arrive, the donors will all bering wearing name tags. What do we talk about? Your work, of course. Zack's work consists of removing flesh from corpses. Hodgins dissects bugs that have been eating people's eyeballs. Leave me out of it. I am not going. And how do you see your job? I draw death masks. Is that really how you see it? Don't you? You are the best of us, Ms. Montenegro. You discern humanity in the wreck of a ruined human body. You give victims back their faces, their identities. You remind us all of why we're here in the first place. Because we treasure human life. Oh, for God's sake. What happened? Apparently, all Angela needed was to hear her job description in a deep African-American tone. Mr. Addy... Dr. Goodman, we need Hodgins in the lab tonight. F.B.I. needs this analyzed by morning. Uh, I-I'm gonna get right on it. Wait a minute. What case file is this? Am I supposed to know about it? Booth mentioned it to me earlier today. That's good enough for me. Fine. You're off the hook, Dr. Hodgins. Let's not keep the limo waiting. Thanks. You look nice. Better than nice. You look, uh, very... Thanks. Bones, how did you know I was going to keep your promise? What promise? To get Sean and David back with Margareth Sanders. Maybe I was lying to cat the bad guy. I learned that trick from you. The end justifies the means. Booth. I knew you'd back me up. I knew you wouldn't makee a liar. Hmm. How'd you know? Because you want