Wendell has the most potential and he's next on work ethic. Plus, you know, he's somewhat normal. That's what you like. Vincent is the most intelligent. Well, that's what you like, so you should hire him. This person's gonna be your right hand man. I've decided to take your opinion into account as I make this decision. Really? I'm making an effort. Well... This is Sergeant Nakamura. Nake, my friend Nake with the sake! - How's it hanging? - I'm afraid they are not hanging well. - What's wrong? - My sister has not returned my calls. - It has been five days. - OK, look, We all know how overly protective you are of Sachi. - Your sister... - You're a cop like me, Booth. She calls every day. Something's wrong. - So, why are you telling me? - 'Cause I'm in Tokyo. - Sachi's here in D.C.? - Almost two months. She told me she called you. She has not called you? Just relax, all right? 21-year-old girl probably doesn't want her brother's friend cramping her style. If I fly in, can you help me look for her? I'll tell you what. Just text me her information, I'll track her down and I'll make her call you. Okay? I promise. - Detective Frame. - Hey, Rick, it's Booth. Listen, I'm looking for a little interagency cooperation. - What do you need? - Has there been any action on a Japanese national, legal entry named Sachi Nakamura, female, age 21? Give me a minute. - When were you in Japan? - A few years ago on an exchange program with the Tokyo police. Nak's a great guy, man. He and his sister, they made me feel like family. But he's overprotective? He worries. Every parent does. But he's her brother. Raised his little sister after his parents died. That makes him a parent. I got a hit on your girl. A car registered to her was found abandoned near Tillbrook salt marshes.</i> Salt marshes... that's a pretty popular place to dump a body, Booth. Yeah. - Hey, I'm Special Agent... - Booth. Yeah. Detective Frame told me to wait on you before I had this vehicle towed. - That was nice of him. - I'm Officer Lisa Kopek. Car is registered to Sachi Nakamura, 311 Ring Road, here on a work visa from Tokyo, Japan. I printed her visa photo. - This is blood on the upholstery. - Yeah. - Any sign of the girl? - No. - Damn. - Yeah. Checked her residence, it's empty. Looks like it's been that way a couple days. Also no sign of her roommate, Nozomi Sato. Ms. Sato's here on a lapsed student visa. I got a request in for cadaver dogs. Bones, what we usually do here is wait for people in rubber boots. I see something... I... I just got these shoes, so... What is it, a body? No, it's some kind of mask. Bones, come on, get out of there, let's go. What? There's flesh in the mask. Human head. - Is she serious? - Yeah, always. This mask appears to be Japanese in design. Bones - Season 4 Episode 23 "The Girl in the Mask" Synchro: ShalimarFox, Reborn Subtitle: A²S Team --==All-about-Subs.fr==-- Based on the weak prominence of thearcus superciliaris, the victim is female. The head was decapitated between C5 and C6 vertebrae. Judging from decomp and discoloration, I'd estimate the head was in the pond a minimum of four days. Can you confirm decapitation as cause of death? Nope, victim was in the water too long. The blood leached out. There's trace lodged deep in the striae. The blade could have transferred particulates from the ground into the wound track when it was withdrawn from the bone. Sweetie, Booth is in your office. He's got some people with him. Thanks. Just when I thought it couldn't get worse. Bones, this here is Sachi Nakamura's brother Ken. The honor is mine, Dr. Brennan. May I present to you... I know. Dr. Haru Tanaka. The Emperor awarded Dr. Tanaka the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun for Dr. Tanaka's paper on "Investigation of Second, Fourth " and Eighth Sternal Rib End Variations related to Age Estimation." - It was brilliant. - I am honored to meet you. Everyone in the field accepts that you are the best. Yes, I know. I told Ken and the doctor they can aid in the investigation. That is against protocol, Booth. Bones, this could be his sister. I would enjoy working with Dr. Tanaka. - You gonna be okay with this? - I am fine. There is a contact wound inferior to the mandible, exiting slightly anterior to the Bregma point. That would be consistent with a gunshot wound. Bones, maybe you should just jump ahead and I.D. the victim. Maxilla and zygomatic onform to her photograph. The palate is fractured but appears parabolic with a straight suture across the palatine bone indicating that she was a native Japanese speaker. Did your sister have any kind of distinctive facial scarring or dental work? When Sachi was eight, she fell doing gymnastics; broke her jaw. It was wired for two months. Impact fracture from a fall. Remodeling of the jaw suggests that it occurred prior to puberty. I feel comfortable identifying the remains as your sister. - I'm very sorry. - Thank you. If you would excuse me. Nak, listen, I have agents looking for Sachi's roommate. There's a chance the roommate may have seen something. Yes. Good. - I'm sorry, Nak. - You have a child. You know it was my responsibility to keep her safe. She was 21 but still a child. All right, come on, let me get you back to the hotel. - You get some rest. - Not until we find who did this. I hear you. But we need a lead, something we can go on. She was going to move back to Japan. But the man who took these pictures said he could make her a model. There's something. Right? This is like one of those big-eyed paintings they sell at the mall. - The mask is based on anime design. - Japanese animation. So, someone had it out for a cartoon character? No, this is original, not representing any of the well-known characters: Sailor Moon, Faye Valentine, Motoko. The mask could have been used by the killer to dehumanize the victim, allowing whoever decapitated her to distance himself from the ugly reality of her death. You are entering the realm of psychology, a field of unverifiable speculation. Perhaps I can be of further help to Dr. Brennan. Sometimes I hate hard science. I know that seems immature, but that's just how I feel. - So, any guesses? - We don't have enough evidence yet. No, not the case. The doctor. Dude or dudette? I don't know. Now, remember, Nak, this is my investigation. You're just a tourist. Just a tourist. Micah Strutt. - How can I help you? - I'd like to ask you a few questions about Sachi Nakamura and Nozomi Sato. Sure. They were the roommates, right? - Nice kids. - When did you see them last? Must be about a couple months now. They came in for a shoot. - "Pappa Puffs." - Yeah. - The girls worked there. - You made them pose like this? Me? No. That was their idea. They convinced their boss to do some advertising, but he went postal when he saw the proofs. That old jerk fired them for this. The 21st century, who cares about a little skin, right? He does. That's his sister. I feel like someone slipped something into my coffee? Fashion is the way the Japanese youth rebel against traditional social roles. What is with the, "amaloli" girls? I never expected to see the, "Sweet Lolitas"here in the States. The culture follows the youth. It's just innocent role playing. - Usually. - Nak... I see. Excuse me.