Immigration! Freeze! Freeze! You,stay where you are! You got him? LAREDO,TEXAS Dr. Brooks to Labor and Delivery. Dr. Brooks to Labor and Delivery. It's kind of eerie, i't it? It's not eerie. It's profound. The chances of identical triplets is one in 200 million. That's why we called you in,Dr. Hood. I'm Ray de la Pena,Special Agent with Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Hi. Uh, this was supposed to be just another illegal alien bust. And now it's what,stolen babies for sale? Well, that's what we thought. Problem is,we have no missing persons or kidnapping reports on these particular infants. Why is that, hmm? Why is no one anywhere screaming out for you? ere's no heartbroken mom out in that hallway? No distraught dad crying with relief? Unless someone wants to keep the existence of these three babies a secret. Not three babies,Agent Young. Four. We found this diaper bag next to the truck. It was dropped by someone who wasn't apprehended in the raid, and inside it,we found these. Identical quadruplets? I'm gonna have to run some tests. Maintenance to Pedes ICU. I tested the nuclear DNA of all three babies, Rachel. Oh, it's a perfect match. It's pretty much what you'd expect from, um, identical triplets created from one fertilized embryo. Created? Then I did a similar test on the mitochondrial DNA, the DNA material outside the nucleus of the egg. You know what I found? These three babies have mitochondrial DNA from three... different mothers. I'm lost, guys. Identical babies from three different mothers. Isn't that impossible? In nature,absolutely. There's only one way identical nuclear DNA can find its way into the eggs of three different mothers. Somebody put it there. Can one of you guys please tell me what the heck's going on here? Agent de la Pena,what you picked up in your routine bust yesterday... is three cloned babies. Cloned? Did you just say cloned? A cloning operation this sophisticated can only mean one thing. Geppetto Hood, there's a fourth baby out there. Who the hell is Geppetto? Geppetto is the criminal alias of a black market geneticist which we tracked down a while back in Seattle. And this Geppetto got away? Rachel,we have to find this baby. And when we do... it's gonna lead us directly to Geppetto. www.1000fr.com presents Capture:FRM@ÏÄ·ç Sync:FRS@Ð¡¸£</font> eleventh hour.s01e13 This is unmanned drone footage of the raid on the truck. Interviews from detainees confirm that the quadruplets were the only infants in this load of illegals, and they were all with this young couple right here. We'll get a Persons of Interest bulletin out on the two of them right away. Yeah, well, while you're at it, send out a public health bulletin to hospitals and local health facilities. This infant may need urgent care. What makes you say that? Well, clones of other species exhibit a lot of quite severe problems. There's no reason why humans should be different. Yeah, but the three that we recovered seemed to be healthy enough to me. Yeah, so far. Let's just keep them under observation. I mean, they could have pretty maj problems if their, uh, DNA comes from someone who's older. How do you mean? Well, it's kind of ke an old shoelace that snaps each time you use it. Um, doesn't matter how many times you tie it up. It's gonna keep on breaking. These babies may be starting out with the human cellular equivalent of that old shoelace. That's the reason why ethical scientists don't want to get involved in human cloning. Among the items found in the smuggler's truck was a prepaid cell phone. I had someone at NSA run a matrix on all the calls made by numbers dialed by that phone. The phone called a number in the Mexican port of Tampico. That number made a few calls to a prison in Washington state, where our old friend Lea Muller is doing time. Lea Muller-- she connected to Geppetto? One of her key operatives. Geppetto is definitely back,Hood. She never went away. She's learned from her mistakes, and this time,she's got it right. I don't believe it. What? Lea Muller died last night. ALICE,TEXAS Neli. Oh, my God. What are you doing here? I came to see my sister. Oh. Precisosa. Last night,when Cristofer was asleep, I was alone with her. The moon was so bright and clear, so I named her Espy for Esperanza, 'cause I have such hopes for her. You can't keep this baby! Esperanza. She has a na now. Cristofer, talk to her! I think she's doing the right thing. No, No. You must give this baby back to the people you took it from. I can't do that. She's not yours! Listen to me,Hermanita. We both know some very bad people spent a lot of money to get this baby. They will hurt you to get it back. Don't you see?That's why I can't let them have her. I'm going to save her from them. I didn't want to bother you, but we have nowhere else to go. We have no money. Get what you need. For Esperanza? For Esperanza. His name is Val Tambor. Those chocolates tested positive for cyanide. We're watching a murder in progress. And here's the information from Tambor's Nevada license. Wait a minute. The Val Taor who came to visit Muller isn't the Val Tambor whose photo  on file with the Nevada DMV. Stolen ID. Original. Well, at least now we know what he looks like. Geppetto is planning something big. And she's more than capable of covering her tracks. Which means she'll kill anyone who tries to stop her. Carla. Hi. Please.What do you want? The baby. Where is Neli? I haven't seen her since she went back home! Oh. That why you tried to shut the door on me? No! Come on. Come on. Shh, shh, shh,shh. Come on. Come on.Let's get up. -No. -me on. I know. I know.I know. Shh. That hurt, didn't it, huh? Just tell me what I want to know. I don't know where my sister is. That's the wrong answer,darling. What's wrong? Shh. Shh, shh. I know that man. He works for them. -No, no, no, no! -Oh, my God, Carla! No! No! Ray, I've got something. An anonymous witness called in a murder involving the license plate of a car rented by whoever's using the Val Tambor identity . It's a live crime scene not far from the border. Geppetto's getting desperate... And desperate people make mistakes. So, our victim was a legal resident in this country. She had a job. She paid her taxes. This wld look like a burglary gone bad if it wasn't for the connection to Lea Muller's death. Yeah. Detective,this might be your guy. We think he's a hired killer. Okay. Look familiar? That's our couple. The patient's pain level is at nine out of ten. The prognosis,pending blood analysis, is at ree weeks to six months of life. The patient understands this and is prepared to pursue treatment. It's me, Geppetto. How sweet of you to call. We've been missing you. The sister won't be a problem anymore. Did she have any information for you? She was tough,but I'm right behind the nanny and the missing baby. They're on foot, and there's only so many places to hole up in on this road. Well, we're ready here. Don't hesitate to call ?? And hurry. The patient is running out of time. Understood. Did you know that I passed Phase 1 testing to get hired at the Bureau? ?? Let me guess. You want me to tell you how I passed Phase 2 of my FBI recruitment test? You just read my mind. ?? Any luck finding out who the couple in the picture were? ??... yeah. The woman's name is Neli Gamarro. She's our victim's sister. Turns out she had a job here in the US as a nanny until she was deported two years ago for overstaying her visa. Well, Geppetto's network tends to use very young, very vulnerable women as egg donors,surrogate mothers-- women who have no idea what they're getting involved in. So our Neli is running for her life, trying to make a break from Geppetto's organization, along with the babies. Yeah. Explains why they ended up in the smuggler's truck. Financial tracking checked out Carla Gamarro's purchases over the last couple days. Any idea why a single woman would spend $280 on baby gear? What was Carla's time of death? Roughly 2:00 P.M. yesterday. Then what was she doing using the same card on a motel room 40 miles up the road last night at 8:00 P.M.? Which room? Same credit card paid for a pizza to be delivered to room 5. Well, let's check it out. We'll go in the front door. You watch the window in the back. You got it. -Hood. -Yeah. The door's open. Looks like whoever was here is gone now. They definitely left in a hurry. Get out of my way. Get out of my way. Get down. -Get down! -Okay. Federal agent! Freeze! Ray, look out! Get out of the car! -Get out! -Oh, God! ?? -Get out. -Get down.FBI. damn it! You guys okay? Very funny. You do realize this is really going to help your application at the Bureau? Take it easy, Ray. Well, I managed to bleed our bad guy. We got a sample from where he hit the bathroom wall. We'll run it through the NCIC's database. Could have been you in there. You don't get rid of me that easy. Agent Young, I'm popping the trunk. What do we got? Well, our bad boy's definitely an assassin. This is even more interesting. We're looking at the contents of Carla Gamarro's medicine cabinet, cleaned out by her killer. Look at this Injectable vials of Pergonal and Lupron. -Fertility medicine? -Yeah. It's used to increase egg production during ovulation. For egg harvesting? There's no pharmacy labels, which is kind of unusual for compounds like this, but from the expiration date, I'd say she had them about a year. -It's the right time frame to make Carla eligible to be an egg donor. -Yeah. She must have been involved in the cloning operation with her sister Neli. He cleaned out her medicine cabinet to hide her role in the whole thing. First Geppetto takes her eggs, then she takes her life. I'd say she's definitely after our missing baby and whoever's with her. Yeah, and I don't think this missing tool kit's going to slow him down much. We got to find Neli before he does. GOLIAD,TEXAS Thank you for the ride. I wish we could pay you. You sure you want to get off here? I could take you guys to the doctor. Baby doesn't sound too good. Thank you. Neli, come on. He's right,Cristofer. Espy isn't doing well. She's got a fever and she refuses to eat. These people are after us,they're just waiting for us to slow down,or make a mistake. If she dies it will be our fault. Our fault! I'm walking back Carla Gamarro's financials. How does this sound: two wire transfers totaling $6,000 from an account in the Cayman Islands? Yeah, that's in the ballpark for a paid egg donor. The account is held by Jennifer Hammer of Houston,age 38 and single. Could be infertile,feeling lonely and for a shortc to a child. So adopt. ?? straight-up narcissists,looking to replicate themsves at any expense. Why would you even think of cloning yourself? That's twice as many problems. I guess some people just can't get enough of themselves. Hey, what is it? Hmm? Is something bothering you,Hood? No, I'm fine. ?? ?? ?? Sorry to bother you... -?? ...but you are a nurse,no? Yes. My baby girl needs help. We have no money. We can't go to the hospital. Uh, yeah? Uh... I could get in so much trouble for this. Please? She has a fever. I don't know exactly how high. Her throat is inflamed and there's congtion in the lungs. It's definitely an infection. Now, if it keeps up, you'll need antibiotics, but right now she needs flds. Just use a medicine dropper and squirt a little in her mouth every few minutes, and give her something to help with the fever. Thank you. Well, if you do that,you'll be doing everything we'd do in a hospital. -Do you understand? -Yes. And if she gets sicker, you need to take her to an emergency room. Promise me you'l do that. I promise. Gracias...gracias. Carla Gamarro's test results confirm that she was an egg donor for one of the clones. That means Jennifer Hammer's payment to Carla links her directly to Geppetto's operation. That'll make it easy to get a court order to test her DNA,if it comes to that. Right. Geppetto, it's me. Had a little setback involving some federal agents. Jacob Hood was there. Really? Well, Jacob Hood is a very stubborn individual. I could have had him. Our security is still very tight here. We're just waiting for word from you that you have the child. You may have to maintain a little longer on your end. My patient may not have much time left. I've been in touch with my sources in Mexico. Neli's boyfriend h a cousin who's a construction foreman in Victoria, Texas. He may be their next attempt at sanctuary. I don't see that working out too well for them. Next time you bump into Jacob Hood, I'd consider it a personal favor if you'd take care of him. Dr. Hood, Agent Young, I'm Jennifer Hammer. It's nice to meet you. Thanks for agreeing to talk with us. Can I ask:is that your mother? -Yes, it is. -A very striking woman. With a personality to match. Oh, really? She's still alive? Yes, uh, but she's been ill. I am lucky enough to have full-time care for her, so she's here with me. Still,still I know that must be very hard for you. Not as hard as it is for her. Well, I'm surprised the FBI is interested in where we keep our money. Offshore accounts are hardly financial exotica. My family has investments in many parts of the world. The Cayman Islands is a well-known flag of convenience. And a well-known tax shelter. I thought you were with the FBI,not the ?? We're kind of one big family called the government. I need to ask you about two specific transactions you made last year: wire transfers to the account of a woman named Carla Gamarro. Offhand, I don't recall any such transfer. But I can have my accountant look into the notation of that payment. Would it help your memory if I told you that Car was murdered yesterday? Probably to keep her quiet about being an egg donor. That's what you paid her for,isn't it? -Egg donor? -Yeah. The thing is,we're really not interested in you. We're after the people who actually did the cloning. It'll help this all go away if you tell us everything you know about a scientist known as Geppetto. "Geppetto"? As in the Pinocchio story? No, as in the story of a woman who paid to have herself cloned. I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Big mistake, Ms. Hammer. Maybe. Maybe not. Doesn't really matter. What do you mean? Well, we found out verything we needed to know the moment we came in. Jennifer's eyes are a very nice shade of brown. And her baby's eyes are blue. They're six months old, so they'll stay that way. Um, that means they couldn't have come from Ms. Hammer's DNA. Your mother's eyes are blue. FBI, did you say you were? That's right. Offhand, I'd say you don't have the build. Your neck isn't thick enough. But you'll do in a pinch. Oh, yes, you'll do. Thank you. You don't have to answer any of their questions, Mom. First of all,you call me "Pete." That's my name. Second of all,try and shut me up. I don't get many visitors and those that do come, I catch looking at their watches as soon as they sit down. -Sick old broad, that's me. -Mom... What can you tell us about your illness? Well, it's no secret I'm dying. Cirrhosis of the liver. In my case it's caused by viral hepatitis, not boozing. I'm not saying I won't take a drink now and then. How about you, sweetie? I like a glass of Italian red. Or three. I hear that, honey. My daughter here, she seems to think I have a good chance at a transplant. I let her think so, but I read the list every day. I'm way too old and that doesn't make me a priority. What would you say, Pete, if someone were to tell you they could grow you a whole new liver? One  that would kind of neatly sidestep the main problem with organ transplants, tissue rejection? Your body would accept it more readily because essentially,the organ would be genetically identical to your own tissue. What would that be worth? You couldn't put a price on it. Well, right now,the state of the art doesn't really allow us to grow a whole organ in the laboratory. We still need the protective system of the human body for that. So, it can't be done? Oh, it can be done. Yeah, has been. If you need a particular human organ with a specific DNA pattern, it is now possible to grow a whole person just for the body part. And that's what we believe your daughter has done. See, right now, we have three little babies who we believe were cloned with your daughter's help in order to ow an organ to help her beloved mother. I am going to call our attorneys right now. So... You're saying Jennifer committed a crime? Well, the problem is, uh, cloned babies are people. No matter what their origin. And some organs can't be removed without killing a person. If you remove the organ, in order to put it into someone else, the donor is going to die. And that, last time I checked,was murder. You leave. I want to talk to Dr. Hood in private. Now. It's my fault, Dr. Hood. I'm responsible for everything. For the cloning. Everything,whatever. I'll shoulder the blame for any and all crimes committed. Well, supposing we could accept your confession... How can you help us? How about a name? We're listening. GenVictus. A company our family suddenly made a very large investment in a year ago. Jennifer probably thought I didn't notice. I was wondering when I saw it, and now I know the reason. I want you to know, I would never endanger the life of anyone,particularly a child. It certainly wouldn't be the first time I'd known someone go to extraordinary lengths to help someone they love. I'm sorry for you, Dr. Hood. Me? Why? ?? ?? We're an industrial agricultural cloning company. We clone a dozen animals a week here. This is one of our two-year-olds. Gaining weight nicely. You plan on growing the next Triple Crown winner in a laboratory? No, the last one. The last five, actually. We have an extensive library of genetic material from prizewinning stallions and mares. We only clone prov winners who are already profitable semen donors and broodmares. Seems like it's working out for you, Mr. Price. Well, a single stud fee can go for tens of thousands of dollars. It only makes sense to create a brand-new, genetically identical animal, after the original can't produce any more equine joy juice. We, uh, charge a fee for cloning and then take a royay on ery successful mating. And it's not just horses. We're working on cloning our sixth species here. -And it's all legal? -According to the FDA. Your clones have an unusually low rate of defects. What's your solution to that problem? Well, that's a bit oa "secret sauce" question. We call it the Pinocchio Effect. Let me guess: you've found a way to lengthen the telomeres the way, uh, lying lengthened Pinocchio's nose? You seem to know your way around DNA, Dr. Hood. Yes, that's exactly what we've done. Every time a telomere divides,a little bit breaks off and that means there's a little bit less the next time it reproduces. Yeah, it's part of the natural aging process. Doesn't have to be natural forever. Well, I'd certainly be interested in knowing how you developed that technique. Uh, it was before my time. Hmm. Ever hear of a scientist who uses the name "Geppetto?" That's a funny name for a scientist. Quite a coincidence, given the name of the technique responsible for your company's success. You know, I'm sure our legal department would tell me that we're getting into the area of proprietary information here. Jennifer Hammer placed a great deal of money with your company. Can you tell us why? Have you done any genetic work for her? Our lawyers gave me very specific instructions on what to say and what not to say. So, again, that information is not at my discretion to disclose. I'm sorry. Not as sorry as you'll be when we come back with a subpoena. You notice you mention Geppetto and people clam up? Whether it's to protect themselves or protect their profits. Or both at the same time. Hood, I've located the Pinocchio patent. The name on the application is a "Dr. Miranda Cochran." Tracing her yields only a few biographical facts. Dates on her undergradand doct at Massachusetts Academy of Technology, but not much more. She added an MD at Los Angeles University, and then she just disappears. Falls off the grid entirely. It doesn't add up. Anybody who invented something so promising should have a massive trail of articles in the scientific press. I'll contact the school. See if they have a picture of her. Ya, ya,it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Hood, the academy sent us a freshman yearbook image of Miranda Cochran. I'm gonna age her up to her 50s. Rachel,that's her. Miranda Cochran is Geppetto. Federal Building Houston,Texas Ladies and gentlemen, today the FBI officially announces an addition to the Ten Most Wanted List: Dr. Miranda Cochran,AKA "Geppetto," has been identified as the head of a criminal enterprise and involved in at least three murders in two states. She is also wanted for wire fraud, money laundering and repeatedly violating FDA regulations regarding scientific experimentation on human subjects. The FBI has instituted a $50,000 reward for any information leading to the capture of Miranda Cochran. Now, I'll take any questions you have. We're not gonna be able maintain much longer. And if we can't maintain, you can't get paid. Relax. This is your last call, Geppetto. It'll all be over in a few hours. My patient is ready. Just make sure she has my final payment. I'm kind of a stickler about that. Cristofer.Hey,where are you,bro? Relax. I'll come pick you up,no problem. Just tell me when and where. Okay. Well, you should be happy. Most agents work their whole career for a Ten Most Wanted case. Well, I'm not really an agent, so I don't care about stuff like that so much. What's on your mind, Hood? And don't say "Nothing." When I was, um, holding that child, that cloned child-- I had a feeling for a second what it must be like to be Geppetto. Godlike. And it made me dizzy. I mean, if this is really where we're headed, if, if we're really going to be playing God, then I don't want a part of it. I mean, there have to be boundaries. Have to be. There's just going to be moral chaos out there. Hopefully the Bureau making this public will help. You know a lot of cases are still solved average caring citizens making a call. So... we wait. ?? -Where's Rudy? -I don't know. He said he would be here. Shh.oh,it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. You'll feel better soon. Uh, Crtofer! What is it? What's the matter? She's getting worse. She's burning up. We need help! ?? several tips linking this hotel room seven blocks from here to our Ten Most Wanted felon,Miranda Cochran. Subject is in her late 50s and incredibly creative at evading capture. She's had practice. ?? ?? in the last week and a strong short punch. Any questions? -No. -No. All right,let's check com links before we mount up. -FBI! -FBI! FBI. -Clear. -Clear. Clear. Clear! We have somebody who saw her kind of wait in line at the service elevator in the last half hour. -Okay.?? -all right. She beat us again. She left in a hurry. Look. These drugs tell a story,Rachel. Cytokine inhibitors. Anti-tumor necrosis factor. Insulin. What are they used for? Well, taken together, they tell me that Geppetto's patient's suffering from a form of pancreatitis. Not liver disease like Pete Hammer. And with pancreatitis,the body's digestive juices attack the organ. It's very painful,normally fatal. There's only one cure. Let me guess. A new pancreas. Makes perfect sense. I mean, you can transplant a pancreas from a child to an adult fairly easily. There's a possibility that Geppetto was planning to use more than one organ at the same time. Explains the number of, uh, donors. Hood. You can't live without a pancreas, right? No. Not a chance. Help us! -Please! -What's the matter? She's burning up. -Is she going to be okay? -We're doing everything we can.Excuse me. Es mi prim Rudy. FBI hotline.May I help you? Hood, I just got a hit off your health alert. It's from a hospital less than 20 minutes from here. Our baby showed up in the ER. Hola, Cristofer. Ah, ah, ah. Don't be stupid. You're gonna take me to that baby. Or I'll blow a hole in your belly big enough to pass a burrito through. Fancy running into you here, Wayne Swafford. Yeah, that's right. We ID'd you from a little blood smearing left behind when you sucker-punched me. Did you know Wayne, that in Texas they execute more murderers than any other state? Help us nail Geppetto and I'll make sure that doesn't happen to you. You're gonna let me go? After a long-?? prison sentence... of course. -Do you have the child? -I've got her. We're en route to your locale. She's perfect. You know she wanted me to kill you. Well, I must be doing something right. FBI! Nobody move! You can wake up now. It's all over. Is it done? Yeah, I'd say it's done. This time you were the patient. Miranda. So... ...you cloned those babies for yourself. Alys the savior. Jacob Hood. Would you mind calling me Dr. Hood? I don't really know you. By the way,the baby... she's safe. She's with her mother. You would sacrifice a talent like mine for a cloned infant. She has a name:Esperanza. And, yes, I'd sacrifice your talent for an insect. I create life. Only so you can destroy it. I could teach you everything I know, if you help me. That's quite an offer,Geppetto. But, um... I'm going to have to say no. You see,unlike you... I have a soft spot for human beings. You're a coward, Dr. Hood! You play at being a good man. But you'll never be great. I can live with that. Miranda Cochran... ...AKA Geppetto, you are under arrest. How is she doing? She has none of the genetic problems you were worried about. What she does have is a very bad case of the flu. Her seizures were febrile seizures-- very scary,but also fairly common in babies with high fevers. If it hadn't been for the care she received from these young people, it could have been a lot worse. Your three baby sisters are doing just fine, too. And we're finding very good homes for them. So something good come did come out of Geppetto's work. You do realize she's a very special baby, don't you? I know I broke the law, but I also know I did the right thing. I mean look at her. She's alive. And she's safe. Oh, by the way, um, apparently,it turns out catching a Top Ten Most Wanted Felon's some kind of big deal. You both helped with that, so thanks to the FBI, your, um, immigration and your adoption papers are not going to be a problem. So you're going to be able to stay here, all three of you as a family. Is that okay? Mm-hmm.