That was almost twice as fast as the last time. That little guy is gonna save a lot of lives. Here's your reward,dude. Get to chill with your buddies. Get in there. Dr. Miller, has he been getting the required amount of sleep? Mm..hmm. This is nice work,Bruce. You've exceeded our most optimistic projections. - By a large margin. - Well,how fast - can you be ready for clinical trials? - To collate and quantify the data,we're talking months now,not years. Now,if this thing ramps up as it should, Belton Pharmaceuticals is gonna let you write your own ticket. Everything okay? Yeah,just a question down at the lab. I better go. Don't want to fall behind schedule. Sacha,what have you done? Where did he say to meet him? Right here. Dr. Hood, Special Agent Young,I'm Henry Brooks. I appreciate you taking the time to see me. - Colonel Brooks,isn't it? - That's right. With the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. DARPA,the folks who really invented the Internet. Tell me,Dr. Hood,what do you know about the Warfighter Enhancement Program? Well,I gather there's a great emphasis on miniaturizing some of the 80-plus pounds of gear carried by the average soldier, enhancing the strength and flexibility of battle armor. That's only part of it. We're also working on how to improve raw human physical and mental performance in battlefield situations. Hardware,software. Now wetware,too? Working on the soldiers themselves. Could be,um,controversial. Well,we think we mostly do a good job in balancing the scientific ethics with the need to find new ways to protect our troops in wartime. Mostly. Not always? We've had an incident in one of our primate studies. The contractor is a biotech start-up called Belton Pharmaceuticals. The head researcher is a neuroscientist named Bruce Nesic. The results were off the charts... until this. The chimp attack left traces of hair and blood everywhere, including on the victim. Now,local animal control authorities want him destroyed, but we have millions of dollars invested in this particular animal,and we need somebody on the ground in Nevada... yesterday. I don't get it,Colonel. Why not use your own people? I don't have that kind of infrastructure. Besides,anybody I could send is already too close to this research. Their objectivity could be compromised. It's very simple,Dr. Hood. Finding out what happened in Nevada is essential for the national security of the United States. Okay,I'll look into it. Thank you. Hood,watch this. The guy's got as much security as the President. Hey,where are you going? That man's agency was responsible for the world's first breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, GPS,unmanned aircraft, other things you've never heard of but you'll be using every day in ten years' time. Odds are,the science that that man makes happen will have more impact on the future than the President. How is the veterinarian doing? Dr. Miller is still unconscious. She's stable,but just barely. There were no signs of a break-in, so that means Sacha would have had to open his own cage and all of the others,too? Well,like us,chimps are very ingenious, even devious. Back when I was doing my grad work, I heard of a young male who picked his handler's pocket, hid the key for hours, and then freed himself. This is Sacha. Looks docile enough now. Too docile. He's been sedated. Well,yes,we thought it best,given what has happened. What exactly is the nature of the research you're doing with Sacha? he's been given a drug cocktail of neurotransmitters and endocrine compounds to enhance the mind/body performance by speeding up the chemical reactions in the brain. It is our hope that by using this regimen, along with others like it,that we can improve the fighting abilities of the soldiers. That's where Enhanced Warfighter funding comes in. You are right. Now,we know that Russia and the Chinese have similar active programs, but we believe that we can leapfrog what they're doing by years. Any theories on what provoked the attack? Well,at first I thought maybe Sacha had contracted an infection of some sort,so I began running a series of tests,the results of which we'll know in a few days. But to be frank,Dr. Hood, I think it was sabotage. Really? Why? Some of the surveillance files from the time of the occurrence are missing. Who was the last person to have access to the files? Rudy Callistro. He's a veterinary technician. He was Sacha's hands-on keeper. Now,when all this happened, everyone who works here in the lab was greatly affected, but Rudy just disappeared. It adds up. Deep background checks on the personnel here turned up blog comments hit me on animal rights Web sites. I had him flagged for priority questioning. We'll need to see everything else you have on him. And I'd like to see your lab records,please. Uh,going how far back? Um,start of the project. You realize that's been about five years? I mean,it's going to take quite a while just to print out the stuff. No need to kill any trees. I'm all about the bandwidth. Come on,man... over here! Put it up,put it up,put it up. Good shot,good shot. Watch out,watch out. Pass it out,pass it out. Sorry,man,you okay? Yo,Pierce,relax,man. Nobody's trying to foul you on purpose. Hey,Kevin. Dr. Nesic. I came looking for you the other night, but you weren't in your bunk. I was probably out taking a walk,trying to relax. What's up,Doc? It is time for your next treatment. Can I just shower first? Of course,I can wait. Hey. - Hi. - I just got a hit on a property held in the name of Rudy Callistro's sister. Get this. She was arrested for throwing red paint at a celebrity's fur coat at a fashion show. - So,runs in the family. - Property's less than an hour from here... we should check it out. Maybe that's where he's holed up. What I don't understand... why he would harm the chimps if he loves animals so much? Well,I say it's all about the missing video. Maybe that was his idea alone admistering some kind of drug or... or goading the chimp. I mean,can't you just see this footage all over the Internet in the next few days? It would be a huge public relations victory for the animal rights movement. Sometimes,Rachel, you have a very dark view of human nature. You know,some cultures,even ones that eat meat, treat their animals with much more respect than we do. In Japan,there's Wagyu cattle. Feed them beer,sake,massage them every day. Forget the cattle. I need someone to do that for me. Mmm. We're in the right place. All of these species are... commonly used in animal testing. - Rudy Callistro? - Who wants to know? We're from the FBI... we need to talk to you about Sacha. Whoa. Get back here! Hey! If I have to shoot you to get you to stop,I'm gonna be really pissed. Ow. What the hell did you throw at me,anyway? Ground beef heart... it's cheap, and if the animals don't eat it, it goes to waste. That's just great. Give me your other hand. I don't know,Doc. Last time,I couldn't sleep for a week afterward. A common side effect. It will diminish over time. That's not all. I'm tense all the time. I get these headaches, and the meds you give me aren't really helping,either. If it's all the same to you, I'd rather just skip this treatment. I understand, but we're at a crucial stage of the sequence. In fact, this may be the last one. I really just want to go home. I thought the whole point of this posttraumatic stress disorder therapy was to make it easier for me to spend time with my family in-between deployments. This is... it's just taking me away from them. Kevin,you know the stats. The whole point of all the treatments is to reduce conflict on the home front. Tell me that doesn't interest you. Yeah,but I didn't sign up to be a damn guinea pig. Why did you volunteer for this study? - For my wife. - Then,why do you want to quit at this point in the game when we're so close? Okay,Doc. I'll take my medicine like a big boy. So you went to work for Belton in order to sabotage the lab? No. I was only there to gather information. Laying the groundwork for a new Equal Rights Amendment that includes all species. The way science is treating animals... it... it's criminal. Sometimes. But you're diabetic, right? How'd you know that? Your fingertips. From,uh,testing for blood sugar with a, what,portable glucose meter? The discovery of insulin,which makes it possible for diabetics like yourself to live with the disease,was made possible by animal testing. Without the sacrifice of those animals,you'd be dead. Rudy, what do you think happened at the lab? It's obvious,isn't it? Nesic is the Dr. Frankenstein of the animal kingdom. He takes peaceful primates and turns them into killers. - Why did you run? - 'Cause when it all went to hell,I knew that Nicicould find some way to blame me for what happened. Did you steal the surveillance video? - No. No. - Download any files? I never accessed the system and I never took anything. Okay. Let's say we buy your story. Is there anything you can remember that might help us to figure out what's going on with Sacha? Yeah. I did notice something. You know chimps exhibit handedness just like people do,right? For picking up items like seeds or raisins. Some prefer the left-hand,and some the right. Well,Sacha was a righty. But in the last few days,he switched. He went totally ambidextrous for,for feeding himself, and he even began to favor his left hand. Three... two... one. Did your screening for pathogens turn up anything? Not yet. Did you also test for T. gondii? Toxoplasmosis? No. Toxoplasmosis? Yeah,it's a parasite that infects the mind of its hosts and can alter behavior and things like handedness. But there are no felines or rodents at this facility. And they're your most common carries of toxoplasmosis. Well,it could have come in contact with any number of species during transshipment. You may be right. That could help explain Sacha's actions. We'll test for it. Whoa. Sacha's gone. Let's go,lock them down. All right, come on,now. All right,put that up,put that up. Oh,yeah,yeah. All right,come on,come on. You all right,man? No,I'm out. Hey,Kev,Nick's hurt. Come on. Hey,Kev, get your stuff on,man. Hey,Kevin,let's play some ball,man. Come on. You'll never get away with this... Kevin? Daddy! Hey,hey,buddy. What are you doing here? Honey,I thought you only came home on weekends? Why aren't you at the base? What's wrong,Kevin? - Are you okay? - I got a killer headache,babe. We got an aspirin or something? Stronger the better. Are you hung over? No. Just my head hurts,that's all. Jackson,honey,you just keep watching TV,okay? Mommy and Daddy need to have a talk. I haven't been drinking. - I just had to see you. - Kevin, the therapy you're getting is supposed to help you be with us. You need to get - back before they think you're AWOL. - Just wanted to see my wife and kid. And my head hurts. From those treatments. The ones that are supposed to be helping me. Damn it! Kevin,your hand. It's fine. Did you see what I just did? Yeah,you punched a hole in the cabinet... Not that. I... I just,I... I threw a left. I should have thrown a right. I'm a righty. You shouldn't have thrown a punch at all. It's these stupid treatments. Abby, I'm sorry. It's just... I know. I'm sorry,too. I can't pretend to know what it was like to be in combat. I don't know what you saw out there. But I'm glad to have you here. At home. Thanks. We'll be in touch. Animal Control has every available officer doing a grid search for Sacha. Let's hope they turn something up. Does the data check out? I've only really seen the tip of the iceberg. It's going to take a while to sift through. You know,the Bureau is not without its resources. We have a entire department devoted to data analysis. As talented the,uh, government's programmers may be,Rachel, not many criminals are found by running linear regression on their credit card purchases and porn downloads. Analysis softwares are written to spot common denominators of falsehood. If you're looking for anything specific,you can't really use generic data sifting code. I get it. Instead of relying on electronic intel you need to put your own eyes on the target. Do your own legwork. Exactly. Only in this case I get do it sitting on my ass. Check left,I'll check right. Gary,you go down the embankment, check the drainage pipe. Remember the missing chimp can hide high or low. Copy that. Special Agent Young,FBI. What've we got? Single victim,took a bad beating. His tranquilizer gun's been fired, so he probably put up some kind of fight. We've got compound fracture to the ulna, defensive wound,most likely. Got broken collarbones. Both elbows hyperextended. - Extensive facial contusions. - Okay. Same injuries as the chimps at the lab, and Dr. Miller,the veterinarian. You think Sacha could be responsible? Well,it's possible. Fully-grown chimpanzees are up to five times stronger than a human being. Hood. Over here. The Animal Control Officer's tranq dart did hit Sacha. But the chimp must have attacked before the drugs could take effect. It looks like the officer inflicted Sacha's fatal injury - while defending himself. - Where's Sacha? Well,Dr. Nesic,I believe Animal Control and County Coroner are having an interesting jurisdictional debate about the body. Seeing as how a chimp shares 98% DNA with a human. Who should get the corpse? I'll take Sacha back to the lab with me. He's the property of Belton Pharmaceuticals. And we have not completed our research. I'm sorry,Dr. Nesic. This is a criminal matter now. It's out of your hands. Faster! Faster! Faster,Mommy! More! More! Contents of the bowel was very interesting. I was afraid you'd say that. Sacha's large bowel was empty. Just what you'd expect after a sudden death. His bowel should have evacuated immediately upon dying. But there was no signs of defecation where the body was found. Anything in his system would have left at least a trace where he died. More likely a big trace. Which means Sacha was killed somewhere else. His body must have been planted there after his death. Also means Sacha couldn't have attacked The Animal Control Officer. Then who did? Dr. Hood,we're about to cut into his skull. Just one moment. I have to see what was inside his skull. Kevin,baby,you've been in there a long time. Are you coming to bed? Congratulations,Hood, you've got me staring at monkey brains. Well,they're worth staring at. Well,no paramecia... rules out toxoplasmosis. Most of the brain structures look normal. See the,uh,amygdala here. It's pretty much the same in chimps as it is in humans. It's the center of the fear response. The fight-or-flight reflex. When the senses tell it of a threat, it responds by sending alarm signals to the,uh,other organs... the pituitary,adrenal glands... they flood the system with adrenaline so you either run away or you fight your attacker. Or an enemy soldier. That's not all. The amygdala helps regulate handedness. All of Sacha's new behaviors... his aggressive reactions, his change from right to left handedness... all would tend to indicate changes of that part - of the brain. - So Nesic was messing with the amygdala? Yeah,somehow,Nesic managed to make Sacha's two amygdalae twice their normal size. Which speeds up reactions. It's like when you sneeze. When you sneeze every muscle in your body involuntarily convulses. By giving the amygdala the size and heft to take over the entire system,I mean dealing with total force, you're kind of turning the urge to... to violence into the equivalent of a sneeze. Something you can't control. The result? The subjects... the-the chimps would respond to any perceived threat, no matter how small,with overwhelming force. That's one hell of an unintended consequence. I'm not so sure it's unintended. Come on. All right. Bring it up. Bring it up. Hey,check it out. Gentlemen! Anyone know of the whereabouts of Kevin Pierce? It is very important that I speak with him. Nobody? For a three-day leave at the Hard Rock Casino, all expenses paid? If he has gone AWOL, you could save him a lot of trouble. You would be helping him. We're not stupid,Doc. Sergeant Pierce does need help. And whatever you've been doing to him, it ain't working. That's right. Mm-hmm. So you here to play? Or just hog the ball? I know that you think that you are watching his back, but you are screwing him. You are screwing yourselves. Nesic's data is perfect. Too perfect. What do you mean? Let me show you. Hood? Minibar... expensive. Oh,don't worry,Rachel. Live a little. Now this... is what data looks like. It's a group of far-flung points on a graph. Can I use your phone charger,please? Thank you. If we were to draw a curve on this data, it would look something like this. See,the phone charger represents a line that encompasses a general rule. We call that an average of all the data points. But Nesic's data doesn't look like that. Nesic's data never leaves the curve. That... is statistically impossible. You're saying he fit the data to the curve, rigged it to say what he wants it to say. Well,he's definitely hiding something. The question is what? We need to get back in his lab,now. This is Special Agent Young. I need the Megahut to send Entry and Exit people for T-3s. - I'll give you the address.  - T-3s? I absolutely love,that for once, you have no idea what I'm talking about. The Entry and Exit specialist should be here any minute. So,Hood,I've been meaning to ask you... How exactly did you get this gig? 1986 World Series. Excuse me? Mets versus Red Sox. I'm a Mets fan. And,uh,one of my classmates at Princeton was this,uh, annoyingly button-down history major from Boston. So he had tickets for the games, but he had no way of getting there. I had a 1979 VW Passat that I'd modified to run on vegetable oil. So,we,um,inevitably,declared a truce,and,um, we ended up driving up to,uh,Fenway. We watched game five. Then we drove down to the city, and we saw game six at Shea Stadium. By the time we got home to Princeton, he and I were pretty much friends. He went on to become an officer in the Marines, and earn his law degree. And become director of the FBI. That's exactly right. One day,he gives me a call,asking for a favor, and before I know it,I'm spending most of my time - with people like you, - Hey! in places like this... Don't worry. You ever get into trouble with the Bureau, I got plenty of dirt on the director you can use to get out of it. Here we go. Agent Reed,sorry for the short notice. No problem. - Thanks. - Any time. Rachel,tell me this is legal. Please,we've got the FBI and DARPA behind us. I'm pretty sure we can get the breaking-and-entering charges thrown out. - Six? - So? There are only six primate cages. Nesic had extensive histories on seven experimental subjects. What are you looking for,exactly? Well,we've seen how numbers can be manipulated. I'm looking for hard,scientific evidence. He must keep the blood and tissues samples somewhere. Hood,I think I've got it. The samples are in here. Rachel... subject seven's blood chemistry is... all wrong. He's got type AB... and only one primate has type AB. Subject seven is a human being. Hey. There you are. Hi,Abby. Dr. Nesic? Is something wrong with Kevin? I don't know. I was hoping you could tell me. Oh,God. Kevin may be having extended combat flashbacks. I've seen it before with soldiers suffering from PTSD. I told him he should go back to the base. You've seen him then? Is he here? I need to get a hold of him. No,Kevin's not here. But I can tell him to call you when I see him. Good-bye. I apologize. This wasn't on my radar. It turns out the company Nesic's working for is running another defense-related study 20 minutes up the road from your location at Nellis Air Force Base. They're testing therapies on a sequestered group of return combat troops who suffer from PTSD. Any indication which one might be subject seven? One of them,a Sergeant Kevin Pierce, left the facility without permission after exhibiting strange behavior. It sounds like our guy. Dr. Hood,Agent Young, if you need anything else,you just ask. We will. Thank you,sir. Thank you. We need to get to this air force base,now. I think it was Pierce that attacked the animal control officer. He probably approached him in what seemed like a threatening manner. Pierce would've responded autonomically,as if programmed, his nervous system taking over to deal with any perceived threat. So maybe Nesic staged Sacha's escape to hamper our investigation. When the animal control officer was attacked,Nesic saw an opportunity to end the scrutiny. He killed Sacha and planted the body and then went off the grid. That's true and appears out there is a danger to himself and anyone who crosses his path. Nesic's out there,too. I'm gonna order a 24-hour guard for our injured veterinarian. She's the only witness we've got. We come from all different units, different areas around the country, but we all got the same story. When I came back from over there, it was like,like the world was moving in slow motion, and I was still in combat speed. So when they offered this study,I jumped on it. You know,anything to help me fit back in. - Has it helped? - Maybe. We mostly just sit around watching videos, filling out psych tests. But your friend,Pierce,got special treatment. Yeah,they hit him hard,man. I mean,drugs, endurance tests. I mean,he was hurting. Always seeking for painkillers. He even started shifting the hand he dribbled with playing ball. You know,he went from right to left. It was weird. This is very important,Private Vasquez. Sergeant Pierce is not in trouble, but we need to find him for his own good. That's the same thing Nesic said when he came looking for him. Nesic was here? When? Last night. Looking for Kev,same as you. We didn't tell him,jack,though. What makes you think we're gonna tell you? Before being assigned to Dr. Hood, I spent six months as an FBI component of Task Force Eagle in Kabul,Afghanistan. I worked with guys like you,everyday, doing sensitive site exploitations, looking for intel and what the bad guys might be up to. I'm not one of them,and neither is he. I believe that you've all been victims of a scientific fraud. Dr. Nesic has already aborted one failed experiment, and I believe he's trying to do the same with Kevin Pierce, and any one of you could be next. That's why I think you should tell me. There's a park near here. You know,a couple times when things got rough, he'd go there,decompress,chill out. Thank you. Yo,Joey,we've got your stuff. Hell,man,that ain't Joey. Look at what we got here. This is a place of business homes. We don't need any suspicious looking characters bringing the cops around. Did you hear a word he just said? You need to leave,buddy. My phone died. Do either one of you guys have a spare cell phone battery? Are you kidding me? Hello? Hello? Hey... hey,baby,it's me. I didn't recognize the number. It scared me. I had to borrow a phone. I just called to tell you that... it's almost over. What? What's almost over? What's happening? Where are you? Why did you leave? I had to leave,babe. I didn't want you to get hurt. Who's going to hurt us? I am. What? Nothing. Kevin,Dr. Nesic stopped by today. He wants to talk to you. Yeah,I got something to say to him,too. You're not in some kind of trouble,are you? When are you coming home? I can't come home yet,babe. Not until I stop it. Stop what? The war? You're home now,Kevin. I know where I am. I'm not crazy. It's okay,Jackson. Come to Mommy. Hey... is he still awake? Put him on,okay? Daddy. Hey,Dad. Hey,buddy. You remember when I used to sing you to sleep when you were little? Huh? I'd sing,Twinkle,twinkle,little star How I wonder what you are Up above the earth so far Like a rocket powered car. Good night,pal. Now remember,if we find Pierce, we need to approach him in a nonthreatening manner. Try not to... you know. Hood. A nine millimeter casing. Oh,God. They're alive. Barely. This is Special Agent Young. I need an ambulance at Desert View Park, 415 Ryder Street. Hey,Hood,blood and tire tracks. I think Pierce took their car. He could be anywhere. Not anywhere. He was hurt. Private Vasquez said he was seeking painkillers. He'll be looking for a pharmacy. Freeze! Put your hands up! Hands where I can see them! Unit five-David,requesting backup. Subject in sight. Turn around! - Pierce,stop! Hood... - Don't. The slightest move could set him off. Let me do my job. Rachel... Put the gun down. Trust me. Listen to me,Kevin. We're not here to hurt you. We know what they've been doing to you. We're going to make it stop. Who the hell are you? My name's Jacob Hood. I'm a scientist. Oh,like Nesic? No,not like Nesic. Nothing like Nesic. Sergeant,Can I ask you a question? I want you to answer very carefully. What do you want to happen here? How do you want this to play out? I need... ... to make it stop. I have to keep them from doing this to anybody else. Well,in order for that to happen, you've got to focus. First you have to let these men go. If you kill them,it's all over. There won't be anything I can do for you. I think I understand what's going on in your head. Every nerve must be screaming for you to go into action. The urge must be uncontrollable, but you're gonna have to damp it down somehow. Use the part of your thoughts you can control and think it through. Think about where you are. Think about what your options are. Make a choice. FBI. This man is now in federal custody. Stand down. I repeat,stand down. It's okay. It's over. No. It's not. Not until you see this. Hello? Kevin? Sergeant Pierce isn't coming,Dr. Nesic. But he was,um... kind enough to let me have the missing video. What are you doing here? When he broke in,he just wanted to destroy the lab and free the chimps,but they attacked him. So he fought back. Dr. Miller was working late,em,heard the commotion. What are you doing?! Stop! Well,you know results. Congratulations. You found a way of turning off the conscience. Soldiers with no moral or ethical compunction about killing, able to act,react... lightning efficiency. Say that without the... smug,self-righteous sneer, and it sounds like a heroic advance to me. An advance? Really? Don't think you've given much thought to the long-term implications of this? You think someone like Pierce will ever be able to reintegrated into society? Do you even care that you may have destroyed a young man's life? I'm trying to save his life. Save all of their lives. Do I have to remind you... every day soldiers die in the field. My work will help them to survive. Oh,he'll survive. No thanks to you. He's in federal custody. Dr. Nesic. You can tell the caliber of a man by the way he faces up to his mistakes. The bad ones always make it worse by trying to cover up their tracks, and it's the cover up that brings them down. Get him out of here. Hands behind your back. I love you. I love you,too. Love you. Thanks for talking me down. I just gave you a little encouragement. You talked yourself down. Nice work,Dr. Hood. Nesic is going to jail and Sergeant Pierce is going to get the therapy he needs to undo what was done to him. Whatever it takes. But the program's going to go on,isn't it? Of course. If it didn't,it would mean I wasn't doing my job. Super-soldiers are coming. Nesic just bent the rules too far, even for us. You know,some people refer to DARPA as a hundred geniuses connected by a travel agent. Truth is,we're always on the lookout for number 101. Oh. Thank you,Colonel,but,uh,I got a job. Anyway,I prefer to tackle problems created by the world at large rather than problems created by my employers. Well,suit yourself. But if you change your mind,don't hesitate to get in touch. Let's leave it this way