You know, we don't need it. We got plenty at home but around way out of here, okay? Just soon down, Troy! Okay. Daddy! What's the hell was it! Dude, I think you might have more than ten items. We'll be out of here in just a minute, pal, okay? Daddy! Uh, that's not the point here, is it? - Daddy! - Settle down, buddy. It's more about the principle of the thing, pal. Principle. You got to be kidding me. - Daddy! - Guess manners don't run in the family, do they... - Pal? - Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy! So, you ready to try this? Isn't this the kind of thing I have you for? What if I'm not around? Or what if you're in a situation you can't think your way out of? You've been with the Bureau for over two years now. This is something you need to know. If you say so. Good. Okay. - Feet shoulder-width apart. - Uh-huh. And remember, align your front sight with the rear sight. - Gotcha. - Focus on the front sight. That's it. Aim at the bad guys, and don't shoot any old ladies. Okay. Hood, that was a criminal. Could have been a misguided kid. Bad home life, not a lot of options. I mean, why can't people try talking to him? Okay, okay. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm serious. Stop messing around. Oh, come on. Who doesn't hate a poodle? What is it? Looks like something or someone is messing with Texas. What do you mean? An epidemic of sudden violent outbreaks in a small community, all committed by people who have no criminal record whatsoever. What turns upstanding citizens... into violent criminals? www.1000fr.com presents Eleventh Hour 110 Austin Texas Capture:·ëÎµ Sync:´óÏºÃ× É½Ê¯ mzinfo</font> Mommy! Hi. You this boy's mother? - Sure I am. - ID? This is a release form for a minor into parental custody. Please sign here and here. Okay. -All right. - Thanks. Time to go home, baby. You know, this is for the best, Troy, at least now you don't have to keep going back and forth to your daddy's place. I miss Daddy. Honey... Daddy keeps telling us that he's gonna change, but sometimes, people can't change, no matter how hard they try. Okay, let's go home. Sorry I'm late. Dr. Hood, Agent Young. Gill Strickland... I'm an epidemiologist with the Texas Center for Infectious Diseases. Well, so far, it seems that we have 23 cases of what you'd call aberrant behavior. Now, that's your folks, uh, disrobing in public, walking into traffic, running around Costco, saying they're the president. And the violent behavior? Nine cases that all started about the same time, so we're thinking they're related. - What's your hypothesis? - We got a group of unrelated people behaving strangely for no apparent reason. They test negative for drugs. Their psychic come in fine just a few hours later Best thing I can come up with is encephalitis. But you're not sure or we wouldn't be here. Encephalitis is a swelling of the brain caused by, well, lots of things. Um, viruses, bacteria, even parasites. It makes it hard to test for with any accuracy. But psychosis is one of the symptoms, isn't it? In extreme cases, I've seen it manifest with some odd behavior, some confusion, but we're talking about folks violently attacking complete strangers. I've never seen that. Especially not in individuals with, uh, no prior history of antisocial behavior. The worst part is, there's no pattern here. I mean, all these cases seem totally random, and you know that's the toughest sort of crime to prevent. Have you tested for, uh, rabies? Distemper? Yeah, no positives. And we're sure it's not drugs? We tested them for everything we could think of, and we got zip. Plus, we got no history of substance abuse in any of the perpetrators. Actually, Gill, that's not the case any more. Says here you served six months in 2005 for buying Roxicodone with a fake scrip. No, I'm clean now. I haven't had so much as an aspirin in 16 months. I had to do it. For my wife and my baby boy. And I need to see them. Is Ashley here yet? Can I see her? Your wife came by about an hour ago to pick up your son. She wouldn't see me. Guess not. I've been staying with my brother up in Cedar Park. I've been going to my meetings I've been... making progress. Greg? Why don't you just try telling us what happened? It was like... it was like I was outside myself. It was like when I used to party, but more intense. I don't know, that guy behind me in line was being such a jerk, and I... I was so tired, and Troy was... he was grinding my last nerve, and I... don't know. I just... I just lost it. Mr. Filmore, I've seen a lot of addicts like you. You get sober just long enough to work your way back into your family, and then you tear them apart all over again. That's not true. They tested me, and I'm clean. Right. Okay. Um... The truth is, there have been other cases of unexplained behavior in the area, and we don't know what caused it. When that doc came to take my blood, I heard him say, "Encephalitis." Mm-hmm. That's fatal, right? Right? Yeah, it can be, but just because you test positive today doesn't mean it won't come up negative in one or two days' time. Encephalitis is, um... it's basically a symptom. It can be caused by any number of underlying issues. Just be straight with me, man. Does me freaking out in that supermarket mean I'm going to go die? We don't know yet. Rachel? You okay? Yeah. Why wouldn't I be? Well, he's having a tough time. You could have cut him a little slack. Hood, in my experience, addicts are all the same. For every one that breaks the cycle of dependency, there's 1,000 more out there ruining lives, destroying families, committing murder. Okay. Well, um, the only thing our 32 victims/perpetrators have in common is they come from this area, three of them from a five-block radius. The answer's got to be here somewhere. Well, this environment is hot; it's humid. Low ground. Plenty of open pools and fountains. Ideal habitat for mosquitoes. Which can carry Encephalitis. True, but despite what the media says, mosquitoes are far more likely to infect birds than humans. Hey, little buddy. Your mama home? - May I help you? - Sorry to bother you, ma'am. We're just gonna be doing some work out here tonight. Got to replace some malfunctioning pressure gauges all through the neighborhood. Will there still be water in the house? Sorry, no. Not till we're done working, ma'am. The Department of Water and Power is sorry to inconvenience. Here are some earplugs. We'll get finished up as soon as we can. Okay, buddy. Okay, let's set up and start digging. To us, it feels like mosquitoes exist just to make our lives miserable, but the truth is, we're their second choice. They'd much rather be feeding on birds. Viral encephalitis is primarily an avian disease. A mosquito bites an infected bird... it becomes a lifelong carrier. Passes it along to every other bird it feeds on. And then, those birds get bitten by other mosquitoes. And then, those mosquitoes pass it on to more birds, and so on and so forth, but generally, a bird population develops an immunity to the local mutation of the virus, and it doesn't get affected anymore. So, we're looking for new birds? Uh-huh. Any new flocks appear lately? Mm-hmm, society finches. They're migratory. Flocks have been showing up since the beginning of the month. Right around the time our unexpected behavior started. Well, finches are known carriers of encephalitis. Have you tested these? Yeah, we sample all incoming populations for infectious diseases, including encephalitis. These guys just tested negative a couple of hours ago, so they're set for rerelease in a... tomorrow. So, we're saying now it's not encephalitis? Yeah, that's what we're saying. Dr. Hood! Dr. Hood. Agent Young. I'm glad I caught you. Mr. Strickland, is everything okay? I wanted, uh... second round of tests came in on the 32 perps. No positives for encephalitis. Not rabies, not dis... distemper, nothing. People want to hurt me. Excuse me? You came here to help them. To make me look like an idiot. Idiot! He's hallucinating. People are talking. Mr. Strickland... Who's talking? I could hear them. Mr. Strickland, there's no one else here. Just stay calm. And we'll get some help for you. Oh, please don't. They're coming for me. Mr. Strickland? I got to protect myself, I got to protect myself! Mr. Strickland! Calm down! Shut up, you bastards! Bastards! Leave me alone! Leave me alone! You bastards! He's dead. What the hell is going on here? This is where Mr. Strickland was staying. Thanks. You guys know who's going to settle his bill? No. But you all work for the government, right? He was state. We're federal. Thanks. I'll have Strickla's autopsy report in a couple of days. And I'm going to ask for his medical records and any recent purchases he made on his credit card. Rachel? - Sunscreen? - And bug repellent. Containing DEET. A known psychotropic in high enough doses. Yeah, we used military-grade DEET at Quantico. Made some of the recruits sick. Scary stuff. And effective. Maybe it's not the mosquitoes causing this mass psychosis. Maybe it's what people are using to keep them away. Could it be a bad batch? I'm more worried about this. Hmm, what's a nanoparticle? A nanoparticle is, uh... it's a tiny, tiny piece of... Well, just about anything, right, and, um, cosmetics companies like them because they're, uh, easy to absorb and they make their products feel less greasy. Problem is... Sometimes they can be so small, the particles travel right through the skin directly into the body itself. So, if this lotion made DEET into nanoparticles... Whoever's using this could be absorbing it at much higher doses than intended. Excuse me. Excuse me. Is there a problem? Can I help you? I'm Agent Rachel Young of the FBI, this is my colleague, Dr. Jacob Hood. We'll need receipts for all purchase made of this product in the last month. We've only been selling that item for three weeks now. Great, then mining your sales records from your system won't be too difficult, will it? It's a test product. We're the only ones in the Austin area who carry it. So far it's been a pretty good seller. The state police will be here soon. They'll need to take all remaining stock into custody. The manufacturer pays us to sell this stuff. I can't just stop selling it until I check with my corporate office first. How does corporate feel about people trying to kill each other with their bare hands on store property? Get this product off your shelves. Now, please. I miss Daddy. I know you do, honey. Do you miss him? Of course. But the most important thing is we'reonna be fine. Just the two of us. Like peas in a pod. Now, let's put in some earplugs for the noise outside tonight, okay? Those workers might be here pretty late. All right, sweetheart. Good night. How many houses we got line on after this one? Two more confirmed. After that we're flying blind. Until we get a lead on that distributor. Yeah, yeah, I bought some of this stuff. I never got a chance to use it, though. That's not what you wanted to hear, huh? I'm sorry. Better than if you lied to me. Hmm. I've made my amends. I'm done lying. I've recommended you be released, contingent on regular drug tests, okay? I don't know what to say. Don't say anything. Just don't make me look bad. That's a promise. - Hey. - Hi. Greg Filmore bought the sunscreen, but he didn'use it. Any luck with the receipts? Looks like "Sun-N-Shoo" is not the common nominator. - You're positive? - Yeah, cross-referencing the booking records and the grocery receipts, only four of the 23 people brought in for erratic behavior purchased the product. Hang on. Looks like they all bought something else. What? Travis Springs bottled water. Travis Springs? Didn't Strickland have a bottlef Travis Springs when he went crazy? Hi. How's it testing? Uh, it's a little acidic. Gonna have to up the filtration. Uh, excuse me, but - who are you? - FBI, Mr. Driggs. We're here to ask you a few questions about your operation. I didn't know the feds had an interest in bottled water. Well, we do when the people who drink it are going crazy. What are you talking about? Not exactly the mountain spring I was expecting. Bottled water is one of the least regulated industries in the country. It's mostly just tap water. So, this is the same thing that comes out of the tap in people's homes. At a buck 50 a bottle. Not a bad markup if you can get it. ?? And what comes out of the tap that's got all kinds of crap in it: fluoride, ammonium, chlorine. Nitric acid. And how is your water any different? I filter out the chemicals and restorit to its pure state. My water is as clean and refreshing as a mountain spring even if it didn't start out that way. - What is your source? - The county reservoir. They're doing another chlorine burn to kill off bacteria this week. Keeps the tap water clean, okay, but it tastes terrible. Just another reason why people drink bottled water. How often does the treatment center do the chlorine burn? several times a month during the rainy season. The rain can wash all kinds of nasty contaminants down into the reservoir. Which is very good for business. Excuse us a second. What is it? Chlorine, uh, kills bacteria. Which for drinking water, it's a really good thing. But chlorine is also really good at, um, combining itself with whatever it touches. So, there's a possibility that some kind of, uh, chemical combination is what's causing all this psychosis. Excuse me, can you get me a sample of your filtered water and your source water, please? Sure. Okay, well, I'm going to go test this water. All right, I'll be next door checking out Gill Strickland's paper trail. I'll let you know if anything turns up. That sounds good. Agent Young. Just one bottle of Travis Springs? Are you sure? Okay, got it. What? Get away! Hood. What's going on? If Krauss is correct, then we appear to be living in the worst of all possible universes. But if Dyson is correct, then the universe is receding into the threshold of the unknowable. But if Witten is correct, then all matter will dissolve into nothingness. Hood. The universe is dying, and we're l... alone. Hood. It's me. Rachel. You're not alone. Stay back! Don't come any closer! They told me about you. Don't come any closer. Listen to me. Right now you're not yourself, Hood. Don't come any closer! Stay away. -Please.... -Hood. Ah! I just want to help you. Hood, Hood. Hood, I just, I just want to make sure you're okay. Jacob. Jacob, look at me. Rachel? I'm right here. Rachel? I'm not alone? No. No, you're not. I'm not alone anymore. Good morning. Morning. You had a rough night. Doctor said you'll be fine. Whatever, uh, came over you, um, passed through your system within a few hours, same as the other victims. Wow. Here. Oh, bless you. Yeah. So, there were three other cases picked up by Austin PD last night, right around the time of your... -My freakout? -Yeah. Your freakout. Do you remember anything? Well, I was in the shower and suddenly everything went really, really weird. I mean, it was... I think maybe there's something in the water that was coming through my mucous membranes, my skin, because the onset was so fast. It was, like, pow! Okay, but if it was in the water supply, then wouldn't it have affected the whole area? Well... excuse me. It's, uh, most definitely not in the reservoir 'cause I tested the water last night. But I don't know about that. -Why? -'Cause last night I found out that Gill Strickland's hotel bill showed that he only purchased one bottle of Travis Springs. I'm thinking that he was refilling it in the sink. You were taking a shower, he was drinking out of the tap. It's got to be the water. But if it's in the tap water, but it's not in the reservoir, then... Then something's happening to the water in between. In the pipes. We got to get on this. Rachel. Yeah? Did I do, uh, anything... or say anything, you know, weird last night? Not really. Except the break-dancing. Nice to have you back, Hood. Thank you. Good to be back. Stop! Someone's been digging trenches here. This is a new development. Why would you dig up pipe on a brand-new house? You wouldn't. But this might help us find out why. I'd say it's from a water pipe. What are you doing here, Gre Daddy! Hey, buddy. How you doing? Come here, Troy. Well, I... I wanted to see you and Troy. And, uh, look, I wanted to say that I'm... What, Greg? You're sorry for being in jail? I just, I just need you and Troy to know that you don't need to be afraid of me. Okay? Stop, Greg. Just... stop. I filed for a restraining orr. Please, just listen. Even the FBI said... said it wasn't my fault. But... God knows in the past I've given you reason to be real mad. I know that, but I'm clean, Ash. For 16 months now, I got my, my plumbing coany up and running... And what? What, Greg? And I want to come home to my family. To my life. Th's all. They said it wasn't your fault? You've seen the news-- all kinds of people acting crazy lately. Ash. I can't do this again, Greg. Keep away from us. Or I'll the police. Ashley. Nice family. Do what we say, you might get to see them again. If our victims didn't have clean backgrounds, what would you say these random outbursts point to? It's a no-brainer. Drugs. But these people aren't drug users, Hood. You're not a drug user. Remember the Salem witch trials? Yeah, sure. Uh, puritans, repression, teenage girls freaking out and seeing witches. We read The Crucible in tenth grade. Well, some historians now believe that those, uh, bewitched girls were actually eating grain tainted with a naturally occurring hallucinogenic compound. -So they were tripping? -Maybe. Are you saying there's some kind of hallucinogen in the pipes? Well, I'm saying that the most logical explanation is usually the right one. And if people are acting like they're on drugs, -then chances are... -They're on drugs. Whether they know it or not. Hey, I thought we were done talking. You're not under suspicion, Mr. Driggs. But we need your help. Do you have any small scale -filtering equient here in your office? -Yeah. I test our samples every couple of hours. That's much more often than the water treatment plant. Well, that's very good. Um, can I borrow an Erlenmeyer flask? Right over here. Great. Thank you. That's very helpful. And, um, a funnel, please. Thank you. Some filter paper-- -ashless, please. -You got it. Jatorial closet. -Yeah, can I... -Sure. Thank you. Perfect. Mind if I sit down? -Bleach? -Yeah. Six percent solution of sodm hypochlorite or half the percentage used in the chlorine burn. Take our water pipe. Add the chlorine. Stirred, not shaken. What's it doing? Hopefully, it's making whatever happened to the pipes after the chlorine burn happen for us now. That ought to do it. If the chlorine did manage to pull some kind of drug out of the pipes, whoever drank the water or bathed in it immediately afterwards would have been affected by it. Now, whatever's in this solution is what will have been ingested by our victims, including me. If there are drugs in the pipes, why would all the victims' drug tests come back negative? Because plastic is so good at leaching onto other substances, altering the compounds. Now, chemically speaking, what we get out of this won't be exactly the same as heroin or cocaine, but it will be similar enough to get you high. But different enough to fool a drug test. Exactly. Phencyclidine. The pipes were embedded with PCP. Rachel, it's not like I'm an expert on street drugs, but didn't PCP go out of style with Deep Purple and Pet Rocks? Well, angel dust is off the market, but PCP is making a major comeback. Street gangs make it into pills or soak marijuana in it, then distribute via existing cocaine connections. So, if the pipes were a way of transporting the drugs, how'd they end up in the ground? Probably a mix-up. Drug-laced pipes somehow got swapped with the real ping. And White Tail Hills got itself a bad trip. The question is... how much more is out there and how can we track it down without anyone else being affected? We start by shutting down its method of delivery. Who are you calling? The reservoir pumping station that services White Tail Hills. I'm gonna have 'em shut off the water for the development ASAP. Hey, Greg. Who the hell are you? Someone who's missing something valuable. And this place? This is the lost and found. You buy a flat of three-inch pipe schedule 40 recently? Why? Because it's ours and we want it back. I don't know what the hell you're talking about. You're the only plumbing supplier in this crappy little prefab paradise, Greg. -You know what that means? -No. -It means you're lying. -No, I'm not. The drug traffickers must be digging up pipes, looking for their merchandise. But how do they know where to dig? Grab Greg Filmore's case file from my bag, will you? Got it. Now, he said that he lived with his brother in Cedar Park. Right, but on his paperwork, he listed his address at 131 Columbia Street, White Tail Hills. That's where we got the pipe sample. That's right. Somebody is digging up pipe based on the police reports of erratic behavior. With all the chlorine burns at the water treatment plant, we can be sure those pipes already had a big percentage of the PCP flushed out of them. They need to reclaim their merchandise as quickly as possible. Well, Greg Filmore listed his place of employment as Kingston Plumbing and Pool Supply. What is it? Hold on, hold on, hold on. Yep, it's an ID stamp. Suppliers put them on pipes in case a pipe fails inspection. K- I. Kingston. Where are the rest of the pipes? I told you. Those pipes are just what the manufacturer shipped us. The, the truck pulls up and I take what they give me. One pipe looks the same as the next. Now, that's it, man, that's it. 2,000 feet of pipe per pallet. We've taken 78 feet of pipe out of the ground. You want to tell me how much you think is left? Uh, 1,900. Close enough. So what I want to know is: where's the rest of my stuff? I don't know, man. I swear to God I don't know. You're lying! Where's the rest of my damn pipe?! I don't know. Isn't that the truck we saw at White Tail Hills? It sure is. They were working near Greg's house. Keep your head down and the door locked -while I check this out. -Well, Rachel... Hood, it's best you stay here. You got to believe me, man. I got no idea what you're talking about. You got a wife and kid back in that crappy new house, don't you? You don't start talking, it'll be them sitting here. Maybe this will help you remember where my stuff is. Spin him around. Sit up. I don't want to do this, Greg, but we're talking close to $20 million worth of product. My PCP! I don't know nothing. I don't know nothing! Found it, boss. Here you go. I'm done asking you nice, Greg. Give me his hand. No, no, please. Hold still. -This is hot enough to melt metal, Greg. -Rachel. What do you think it'll do to your hand? Do you ever listen to advice? Screw you. All right, now, hold him. Rachel, they're going to kill him. I already called for backup; that's all we can do. -We're outgunned and outmanned heavily. -Hold still. I don't want to sit here and watch him die either, but your safety is my priority. Chlorine. Where is our pipe? What are you doing? Shh... Perfect. I don't know nothing, man. That's not the answer I'm looking for, Greg. Hood. It's really not. It's possible to think your way out of a problem. No more. Now, I'm gonna give you one more chance to tell me where my stuff is! I don't know, man, I swear. Where's our pipe? What the hell is that? Go check it out. -Give me your jacket. -Why? 'Cause I want to tear it apart. Come on. Antifreeze-- propylene glycol-- is a non-toxic humectant. Put it over your nose and mouth. It'll protect you from the chlorine. Come on. Let's go. Greg told me he wasn't responsible for what happened at the supermarket. Well, he told you the truth. He just drank the wrong water from the wrong tap. Could have happened to anyone whose house was fed by those pipes. Believe me, I know. Mrs. Filmore, in my line of work, I, I don't tend to be very forgiving when it comes to substance abuse. But I was wrong about your husband. He was clean and he's going to stay clean for you and your son. We'll leave you two alone. Thank you. Hi. How was your phone call to the FBI? Well, the Bureau's concerned you're turning into a rock star-- doing drugs, trashing your hotel room. Well, what can I say, Rachel? I'm a wild and crazy scientist. Any news on the case? Did they find the rest of the drugs? Yeah, they tracked down the four missing pallets of PCP-laced pipe near San Antonio. Speaking of which, was that your first time? First time what? Getting high. On PCP? Yeah. Don't tell me. You didn't inhale. Or better yet, to be a true scientist requires experimentation. What is this, cop humor? I'm not a cop. I'm a fed. What's the difference? Uh, we don't get paid overtime and we're special. Agents, that is. So... Special Agent Rachel Young, when are we going back to the shooting range? We are never going back to the shooting range. Why?