Please make her feel at home. Thanks,harry. Uh,welcome to west bev. You can have a seat right there. Y. He can I just say that I was the new girl up until. right now,so I totally know how you feel. Well,I guess you weren't very good at it 'cause now I got the job. That's cute. Uh,you want to tell us a little something about yourself,kimberly? Well,why don't you just take whatever the old new girl said about herself and just make it better. Well,that's tough,because the old new girl is from kansas, and it just doesn't get any better than that. There's no place like home. Right. Okay. so let me just talk about myself without feeling totally awkward. Don't worry,everyone in this class has had their awkward moments. I'm kim. I'm from las vegas. I wear size eight shoes. I have three piercings,but I won't say where. And I like tacos. Great,I also like tacos. Welcome to the school. Any piercings? Moving on. This has always been one of my favorite experiments. You'll be paired off into couples,all with different socioeconomic backgrounds. By the end of the experiment,you'll have taken care of your real care baby and also managed the family budget that you are each given. Uh,that's women's work-- I mean,whoever I get paired up with better recognize. mike,you'll be paired with navid. What? That's right. You are a same sex couple,and navid is the breadwinner. Um,I usually go for blondes. With boobs. Annie and ethan,you are married. Annie works. Ethan is a stay-at-home dad. do I have,like,a hobby? Your hobby. is your baby. Your unique wireless I.D. Will track your baby care. The baby must be fed,burped,rocked and diapered around the clock. If you shake the baby,do not support the baby's head or mishandle it in any way. It will register as abused,and you will fail. Half-birthday? Mm-hmm,it's the six month mark between you know how when you're a kid and you're all like,", I'm four and three quarters," or,"I'm five and a half"? It's like every single milestone is such a big deal, and then at some point, you just stop counting all those little in-between markers. Yeah,not me. I will always celebrcelebrate my half-birthday. You are a very strange girl. Yeah?Well,I'm a strange girl who's gonna have the most rockingest half-birthday ever. Come on-- psycho at a cemetery? How awesomely perfect. Okay,tell me you you're into hitchcock. I don't do horror movies. Why,are you scared? you scared,you scared? No.I just think they're stupid. sometimes that's the beauty of them. clearly,you just haven't been initiated properly. Well,uh,maybe you can initiate me the right way. Okay. Okay,um,since I am a high-powered attorney, the teacher says,you can take the baby during business hours. No,don'T.don't you have day care at your fancy office? No. No,I don'T. So,uh,hey,how'S. how's my nephew? Your nephew is a girl. that's what I meant. um,I think you guys have things in reverse. First,you date,then marriage,and then a baby, but,you know,whatever works for you. No,me and ethan,not so much. He is in rebound city,plus I take my relationships seriously, and from what I've seen,clearly he does not. I need a guy who's dependable,who I can count on,you know? I feel you. well,hello,stranger. ,hey-hey-hey,what's up? Not much. I just haven't really talked to you in a while. How you been? Sit. So? So,how's mommy dearest? You know,desperate to be dina lan and making me suffer for every second that she's not. How you holding up? I'm fine. Yeah There's just a lot of. talk going around,you know? I hear this talk,and I worry about you. Yeah,well,that's all it is,is talk. Rumors. Good,good. The only problem I have is her. She's the one who got me kicked out of the play. She's the one running to principal daddy with lies. Today after school,she's auditioning against me for a movie. How messed up is that? Weird. Whatever. Okay. I just. you know,I hear things,and I know things. And I see you putting eye drops in your eyes,and I. all right,it's called allergies,naomi. Can we not do an intervention in the quad? Seriously,I'm fine. Let's do five minutes on you. Um,ethan and I broke up. My parents are getting a divorce-- my whole world is just basically a disaster, and I don't know,I just kind of need my best friend right now. I'm sorry. Okay,I've just been really wrapped up in auditions. I'm here. always. How about we hang out after school today? Pinkberry and shopping? Ragging on our parents? Good times. all right,wish me luck. I need a lot of it. Good luck. Hey,in fact,it's been. it's been a while,but,um. switch? Switch. It has been a while. For lu for luck. Now,you're definitely gonna get it. Great,so I'll get the invitations printed, and I'll call you when they're in. I think it's gonna be the best fund-raiser we've had yet. I have no doubt. I want to thank you both for your help. Thank you. I'll see you soon. Talk to you soon. Harry,can I talk to you for a second? Sure,yeah. It's about our son. I mean,you know,do you think about him? Do you wonder what he looks like,what his interests are, Yeah,yeah,but that. I'm just trying to figure this all out. I mean,I'd like to know that he's okay,but. knowing that he's okay isn't good enough for me, so I've decided to do something about it. Which is? I want to hire a private investigator to find him. Please,please don't kill me. I am so not ready to die yet. I haven't even been to prom. ,I. I haven't been asked,actually, but I heard that rick bartley's gonna ask me,and I. he'S...he's rick bartley. You...you wouldn't want to take that away from a young girl in her prime,now,would you? Please don't kill me. I'm not,um. please don't kill me,I'm not ready to. I haven't even. I haven't even gone to. Okay. Damn it! Please don't kill me. That was great,annie. Thanks for coming in. Thank you for having me. Sure. You can go now,annie. Right-- leaving. Hi,adrianna. Ready.adrianna? I'm ready to rock it. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync: »ð¼ý¼ý</font> 90210 Season1 Episode07</font> Hello. We've only just been broken up for a few days, and you already have a baby with someone else? That's impressive. Yeah,we're just doing a project for miss wells' class. ,you two are doing that project? That's cute. Yes,we are married for the project. This is our baby. How nice for you. I don't care. I've moved on. Ethan and i are over,and he is more than welcome to have as many babies as he wants with whomever he pleases. Well,I am off to meet adrianna. You guys have fun. Enjoy your little baby. Bye-bye. And. awkward. You okay? Yeah,good times. You know,it's not like you guys are gonna stay broken up,right? No,actually,we are. Yeah,well,I've been here six weeks, and you guys have already broken up and gotten back together three times,so. that's the point. I...I can't do it anymore. We've been through this so many times, and it didn't even hurt this last time. I don't want to be in a relationship where I just keep breaking up with the person. In this room. I'm painting this wall black. Just one wall? Yeah. I think it makes a statement. Well,what's the statement,I ran out of paint? You know black's my favorite color. I like that,but,uh,what about kelly? She doesn't strike me as a "wall painted black" kind of girl. That's the beauty of paint,right? You can just paint over it later. Man,so you're staying here by yourself for two weeks. You aren't scared to be here all alone? I need you to relax and just. embrace the awesomeness of this situation. Me,your girlfriend,has a house all to herself. Point taken. So,uh,this is definitely gonna become the new party house. I think I'm gonna charge a cover. You gonna charge me? You'll work it off. I like the way you think. But right now,you're gonna lay back, take off your shoes and get ready for something you've never done before. In my hands,I have the three greatest horror movies ever. We're gonna have a major movie marathon,my friend. You have some nerve accusing me of doing. I have some nerve? - Tabitha,you have some nerve. - Hey,what's going on? Harry,it's my pool,and I'm going to do what I want when I want! Did I miss a segue here? Your mother flashed the gardener again. I never flashed mauricio. I like to swim naked. I like know it feels when the water glides off my ass. Why should I give that up? Mom,mauricio comes once a week. Do you have to swim naked at that exact time? Harry,don't be such a prude. I'm letting my freak flag fly,and there's nothing you can do about it. Yeah,and-and speaking of odd women,omen,uh, tracy was at school today,and she completely blindsided me about. about? About wanting to hire a P.I.To find. our birth son,and she wants my okay. Did you give it to her? No. I mean,I don't know how I can stop her if she wants to. Just time-out. I get the feeling the only thing holding you back is how you think I'm gonna react. No,that is not the only thing. I mean,that's a big thing,but. the kids,too. Do you want to find him,harry? Yeah. I do. I was thinking that I could write a letter,register with the adoption agency, and someday,if he wants to find me,or us,he can. Okay,well,I think that sounds like a good plan. You. are amazing. Yeah. Tomorrow? Um,that's kind of sudden,isn't it? I thought you guys were going to scope the place out first. I'm so glad you came by,naomi. Gosh,every time I see you, I think it's such a shame you're not trying to be actress like ade. you've got such a look. Although,you know,I prefer when you wear your hair straight. So much prettier. So,is adrianna here? She must be celebrating. She got the movie. that's incredible. She must be so thrilled. We are. Especially after she botched her last couple auditions. It's about time she got her act together. So,you don't have any idea where she's at? I mean,I was supposed to meet her today after school. I called a few times,and she hasn't answered the phone. I'm a little worried,so,I. ,she probably just got so excited about getting the part,she forgot. Yeah,she's just. she's off celebr ing. It's an homage to the texas chainsaw massacre, and the character of captain spalding is a total satire, but at the same time,he's terrifying. Can you believe that rob zombie directed this? Dixon,wake up! The call's coming from inside the house. How long have you been sleeping? I don't know.I was asleep. What time is it? 11:30. 11:00. My god,I got to. I got to go. Glad you enjoyed the movies. Look,if-if I don't want to watch one movie, what makes you think I'm gonna sit through three? E? I-I got to go. I got to go. Grandma,you don't see me. You just forgot to take your blue pill. Did all the blood rush away from the part of your brain that allows you to tell time? I was just,um. sneaking in. Were you with a girl? I want all the deets. Don't worry.I won't tell your mom and dad. Thank-thank you so much,grandma. I meant,I won't tell them if you were with a girl. They know you're not home. Your mother's halfway to calling the police. Dixon! I am so furious with you! Where have you been? Hey,your mother was freaking out. Silver made me watch a bunch of whack-ass horror movies,and I fell asleep! I'm-I'm sorry. I wasn't doing anything fun. - Trust me. - Still unacceptable. Can somebody shut that baby up,please? I'm trying! Harry,relax. He fell asleep. It's not like he spent the night in tijuana with a couple of laker girls and a goat. I really hope I get the wording right when I repeat that line to my future therapist. Annie,the baby. I can't find her. Some parent you are. Hey,this cannot happen again. It won'T. Where was your cell phone? It-it died. Dixon. so,uh,where was it? In the bathroom. corner. Under my jeans. Nobody puts baby in the corner. no. Good night. Hey,how's it going? Missing my sis? Feeling a little blue? Actually,I,uh,already started dating. Okay.That was fast. Yeah,well,did you think I'd stay on the market forever? Kind of,but that's great. You should bring one of the lucky ladies to the hollywood forever cemetery tonight. They're showing psycho. Yeah,great. No,I'll do that. I'll bring one of the,uh,lucky ladies to the cemetery. That I will do. See you. Cool. So,did you get in trouble with the rents? Yeah. they're pissed. So pissed that they insisted on going to hollywood forever tonight just to make sure I make curfew. All right,well,look,um, last night I was trying to show you something important to me. A house of a thousand corpses is important to you? I was trying to share something that I like with you. All right,all right. I'm sorry. It wasn't intentional,all right? Yo,be careful. What?It's not real. I don't want to fail. Show me one person who's ever gotten lower than a b in health class,and. I don't even have to finish that sentence,because it has never happened. So,you guys are coming tonight,right? Not only is it the most kick-ass movie ever to show at a cemetery, but they also have a jnny ramone tribute statue that I am dying to see. Yeah,me,too. Shut up.You're making fun of me. So,you guys want to ride together,or just meet there? I. uh,yeah,I suppose we could both go, you know,as parents,with the baby with us. Yeah,yeah.It's,uh. it sounds like a-a plan. Great.Let's do it. Hey,wilson,go long. Hey,no,don't go long! Hey,it's a baby! I know it's a baby. So the concept of the totalitarian authority in orwell's book really coined the now ever-so-popular term "big brother. " What does totalitarian mean,mr.Matthews? You look wiped. Late night? Yeah. Very. Someone knows how to party. No,I was actually on baby duty. Baby duty? Kimberly! Once again. Am I boring you? I did see the movie. Not the same thing,and the questions on your test will reflect the book, not the movie. So,if you'd stop wasting my time,I could maybe. excuse me,mr.Matthews,but if I'm here, and you're here,doesn't that make it. nice reference,spicoli,but didn't you graduate in 1982? Thank you.I'm here all week. And you're going to be here at lunch,too,'cause you just got a detention. So,debbie and I have lked,and we have decided to go forward with this. Yes! Hold on a second,trace. I'm-I'm not into the whole P.I.Thing. I mean,we're not chasing somebody down here,so. you know,we're gonna have to write a letter to the adoption agency. yeah,whoa,whoa,harry. I already hired a P.I. What? What the hell did you do that for? Look,I've waited for 22 years. Besides,you know,I just kind of figured that you'd come around, so I went ahead and did it. Come on! Tracy,that's not what we talked about. You come on,harry. I know you. You want to know how he's been doing. This has been killing you. Tell me I'm wrong. Okay,yeah,I feel bad about the whole thing,but you should not have done this. Now,look,harry,I get it. This whole thing is a shock to you, but I've been dealing with this every day since I was 19. Yeah. I'm sorry about that. It's really nice to finally hear you say that. hey,it's okay. Yeah. Y.'S oka whoa! Tracy. I'm going to pretend that that never happened. I'm sorry. Yeah. I hear this is where the party's at. Uh,that's right,so you can sit down and pour yourself a tall glass of shut up and don't speak for the next hour. Does that come in diet? 'Cause I'm kind of watching my figure. And that ends the conversation portion of this detention. I know you love my company,but this is getting a little old,mr.Matthews. The fact that I made out with you in the fifth grade makes me want to cut my tongue off. Do you have a girlfriend? That's none of your business. Are you gay? You seem kind of gay. Yeah,about as gay as yo dad. My dad's dead. Hmm,well,I think your dad's about as dead as I am gay. Touch? Yeah,good luck with that. Starting to see why you got kicked out of your last school. You two sound like my mom and my old soccer coach. Before the unpleasantness. Mr.Matthews,do you have a second? Yeah,I do. I'm stepping out for 30 seconds. George,I'll give you a dollar if you keep your trap shut, and two if you learn how to read. I can read,mr.Matthews. I'm ignoring you. So. detention.Bad kids, any idea where a girl can score some party favors? I waited for you last night. I'm happy you got the part,but why you didn't call me? You heard? Isn't it awesome? I was driving over to see you and then I got the call that I got the part and so I had to call my mom, d th anen I had to go home and celebrate,and it was just. that's not true,adrianna. I was at your house last night and you weren't there. Why are you lying to me? Can you just take one minute and be happy for me? I got the movie! Looks like our lucky necklace switch worked! I think you can have it back now. What-- wh-wh-wh-whoa,what? Are you kidding me with this?Really? I know this lipstick container,adrianna. Are you kidding me?What do you care? - It was yours. - It was mine. Not anymore. I experimented and I stopped. Like you supposedly did. Give me a break,naomi. No!No,I won't give you a break. Okay,I'm your friend. And I may come off as annoying or whatever you think I am, but I care about you. And I'm worried about you. I'm fine. You're not fine. And don't,don'T. don't walk away from me. I can help you,okay? I can help you deal with this,but you got to let me. my god. my god! Okay,you're right. All right,I'm using,but it'S. it's not like I'm addicted. I could stop whenever I want. I'm just like,I'm just under so much pressure from my mom to get a stupid job. I finally work super hard to get something and I'm gonna get busted. I'm gonna get kicked out of school. I'm gonna lose the movie. I'm gonna lose no,no,no,no. - Everything! - No! - No,you're not. - Give it to me. - What? - No! Just give it to me. Stop whatever you're doing! Where'd you find it? The coke was in the lipstick. We'll cop you on the police report. What the hell,harry? Isn't there a better way than busting kids? It's a little extreme,don't you think? I don't want drugs on this campus. And neither do I. But you get one chance to earn these kids' trust. What,are you defending drug dealers? Not everyone is a dealer. Naomi? Please. These kids have rights. They don't have right to bring drugs to school. This isn't china. It's beverly hills,all right? This isn't cool,harry. Not interested in being cool. Or in your opinion,mr.Matthews. That was brutal. Big time. Those weren't her drugs,ethan. I know. Come on,adrianna. E alone. Did you see her get busted? They took her down to book her. Yeah,well,her dad will get her out of it. Yeah,and then what's her dad gonna do to her? She's probably gonna get suspended no matter what. Maybe even expelled. She shouldn't be in this situation,adrianna. You need to step up and admit the drugs were yours. Says who? Says me. I saw her take the drugs from you. Well,for your information,naomi's the one that initiated me into the c&c club. C&c club? Cocaine and champagne. Yeah,but she grew out of it,'cause she realized how stupid it was. You can't just let her take the rap for you. What do you care about naomi? You're already practically dry-humping her boyfriend. Ex-boyfriend. And she does care. We both care. Now,if you care about naomi-- you'll prove it. Mom,what are you doing? I'm doing what I should have done a long time ago. I'm acting like your mother instead of your sister or your friend. You kidding me? Dad,she's tearing my room apart! If I wasn't bailing you out,I'd be doing it right along with her. Great. You guys! There aren't any drugs here. I don't do drugs! Well,you just got caught red-handed. Come on,mom. You know I don't do drugs. What is this? No,I know that you dabbled with adrianna over a year ago. What I don't know is if your father leaving has made you start again. That's nice,tracy. Why don't we just lay off the digs and deal with the issue here? This is the issue,charles. You don't think there's consequences for what you did to this family? Okay,stop! Daddy,you can fix this. You can get me out of this. Can you just make it go away? I don't think you get how serious this is. I may not be a to. Sit down. What? Sit down. You're doing this to get attention? No. You're doing this 'cause you think you're gonna get your mom and me back together? No. Well,I'm not just gonna be able to write a check-- not for this. This is gonna go on your permanent record. You're gonna have to be drug-tested,make court appearances. Listen,if there's anything that you want to tell us,you should. Now. God. I know. Look at this. I'm in a lot of trouble,ade. I know. I'm sorry. I. I thought your dad would be able to get you out of it. Yeah. Me,too. Apparently he can'T. Well,maybe he can figure something out. He's got to figure something out. Look,I-I want to help,but I. but what,ade? I mean,no offense,but this should be you. I don't think you're grasping how totally screwed I am right now? I could go to jail. You won't go to jail. You don't know that. Look,I-I need you to tell them that the drugs were yours. It's gonna suck. I'm sorry. I'll lose my movie. No. You'll get another one. Okay? You'll get another one when you're clean. Babe,you got to get help. You really have to stop. You need to go to rehab. Hey,maybe it could be a good career move? What do you know? Sadly,that's probably true. Look,I had your back. You've got to have mine now,okay? We're going to my dad's office to meet with his attorney. Come with me. Maybe he can help you,too. Okay. Okay,yeah. My mom is totally gonna freak out. Give me an hour or so to explain everything. Of course. You'll meet us there? Yeah. I'll see you in a bit. I'm really sorry. We're gonna sort this out,okay? Okay. Mom? There's my star! This cake is just symbolic-- so I don't want you eating it or anything. Calories. Hey,mom,can we,um. you did it!You saved us. Could we talk? We were about to lose the house. We were gonna lose the house? Well,I didn't want to frighten you or put pressure on you or anything,but,yeah. I mean,I've been literally packing the last few days when you weren't home. But we're good now! And it's only up from here. Bigger and brighter. 'Cause all of our problems are solved. All because of you,baby. It's crazy,right? couldn't sing. Wasn't handsome. But still became a rock star sex symbol. Now,that was a cool guy. This is jnny ramone? Thought it was howard stern. All right,all right,take my picture with it. Lv All right,come here.Get him in there. Yeah! All right. I mean,I guess they were pretty influential to a lot of bands that came out after them. You know?I heard a green day cover of one of their songs. Well,look at you.You're a ramone fan? Well. you like them and I like you. So,you know,I downloaded a couple songs. Okay,that was really cute. Can I just say I have had the day from hell, and you have completely turned that around. Honestly,I was a little nervous. I just,I've just heard a lot of horror stories about people meeting online. ,I do it all the time. Yeah? You are so cute. I'm so used to guys not looking like their pictures. Like at all. Well,you are quite attractive yourself. Honestly,prettier than your pictures. Really? Yeah. You're right,though.I totally need new headshots. You're an actress? In L.A.?That's rare. Really?God,I find there are actors everywhere. Yeah,no,I was,I was. never mind. Um,would I have seen you in anything? Well,I was a corpse in csi,but I look all dead, so it's not a very good example. I was in a commercial. O-m-g! This is the funniest story. So it was for this medicine,and I didn't know what it was. I thought it was like a vitamin or something, but then they tell me what it is. And at first I didn't want to do it because I didn't want everyone to think that I had herpes. But then I just did it, because it was a national commercial and I was all,"whatever! Cha-ching! " Now,did you have to,uh, do a lot of research to get into character for that or. What do you mean? You know,'cause. 'cause. do you want to grab a seat? Yeah! It's good that we got here early,'cause we can scout a good spot. And there are hitchcock fanatics. I hear some guys actually dress up like their mothers. You would never catch me in a dress. But you have such amazing legs. Thank you. What's up,half birthday girl? I see dead people. We didn't get you a gift. We figured that our presence was gift enough. Yeah.It'll do. Naomi's off the hook. Adrianna's gonna admit the drugs were hers. That's great. You know,it was,it was really cool of you to still care enough about naomi to help her. I'd be there for anybody who was important to me. Ethan ward-- never fails to surprise. Hey,uh,I think I'm gonna get some drinks. Anybody want anything? I-I'll go with you,man.Let's do it. Thank you. Okay,why does this suddenly feel like a double-date? Chill,it is not a double date. Okay? We're going to have fun; it's going to be awesome. What's up,guys? Very cute couple. Funny. Happy half birthday. Why,thank you. Why does this baby only cry whenever I'm holding him? Dude,have you looked in the mirror? Your hair,it looks like a medieval weapon. This relationship is not working. All right,here,take,take the baby. ******** Dude,you're the caretaker. Come on.You're my bitch. Okay,so just one thing. You cannot make out with dixon while ethan and i are sitting there or I will kill you. Okay,okay. Well,then,I'm gonna make out with him over there,so just shut your eyes. Look away,okay? She kissed you? Yeah,but sweetheart,I want you to know that this was all her. I-I didn'T. harry,,my god,she's an even bigger nut job than I thought. Sweetheart,you understand that this woman has issues. Well,she's about to have some even bigger issues. See,I knew you'd be pissed. I just wish she was out of our lives. Yeah,so do I,but. She's in our lives. Yeah. I miss kansas. I miss my friends. I know. I know. Hey,well. at least you're not six feet under. She kissed you? Okay,everybody,we'll start the movie as soon as it gets dark. And so,they make you put all these special talents at the bottom of your résum? like it matters. I mean,they take one look at your head shot and decide if they're gonna hire you or not. Seriously,who cares if I do gymnastics,you know? You do gymnastics? I used to. I can still do the splits. Wow,that. that is good news for everybody. Wow,that is good news. Hi,I'm kim. Hi. I'm jacqueline. You ryan's girlfriend? No,uh,she's not my girlfriend. Who's this? Uh,this is a student,a very annoying student who was just leaving. So what do you do,jacqueline? I'm an actress. In L.A.? Really? That's rare. Omg,he said the exact same thing. Don't you guys know L.A. Is the capital of hollywood? Omg,I didn't know that. Good luck with your career. I loved you in the herpes commercial. Thank you. Charming student. Popcorn? If she confesses,if the drugs are hers, it should help,but you know there's no guarantees. What I think we can do is. I understand,mr.Owens,but. Adrianna is going to be here if we just give her a few more minutes. Naomi,please let him finish. Okay,all that said,if your friend doesn't confess and this ends up on your record, it is,it's gonna be harder for you to go to college, to get a job,and you may have to go to jail, which in your case would be a juvenile detention. Happy half birthday. Thank you. What the--? Told you it was good. Maybe one day I'll be in a movie. that's projected on the side of a mausoleum. One can only hope. Dude,I'm telling you,that is so her. Look at her-- blonde hair,the angelina jolie lips. Can I get you a coffee or. Yeah,yummy. So,because it's a first offense, and because of the small amount, I may be able to get you probation. But it's going to be stuck on her record. How could you be so stupid,naomi? I know you're upset,dad,but she's coming. She said she'd be here. She promised. I'm a little disappointed in you,matthews. I mean,that's your type-- self-absorbed and stupid? No,listen. That was incredibly inappropriate. ,that's how I roll. listen,I don't want to assume anything here, but I've been through this with students before, so if you're having any kind of feelings. I'm your teacher,you're my student,and I'm a lot older than you. I mean,I'm not a lot. dude,chill. I just didn't want you to catch her stupidity. I hear it's contagious. And I hope you didn't think I had a crush on you because. gross. Gross,exactly. Yeah. Get over yourself. I am going to be right back,okay? ,okay. Hey,I need to talk to you. Your department made quite the scene today. We did what we had to do. I've already made contact with one of the smaller dealers, but you know we're after the supplier. The supplier is not going to come anywhere near school after that bust today. Wrong. We did this now because then they'll figure the bust already happened, and now they're safe. And harry,we've been over this. Don't make contact in public with me again. Let the precinct do their job and let me do my job. I wonder,like,how and when our baby was made,you know? Your dad never had that conversation with you? I mean,like,overseas or something. o,then we'd be like brangelina. You can totally get that. It's not like this is a date or anything. Well,I don't know,we're watching a movie, we have a baby to take care of. Whoever it was can wait. Okay. This is ethan. Leave a message. It's complicated. And you're right,you know,about this not being a date. Yeahi know,that's why I said it wasn't a date. Yeah,right,I. even though,I mean,it kind of,kind of feels like a date. Yeah,I know,right? It's not. No,no,it's not. 'Cause if it was a date. I'd do this. my god. Did you guys see that? Scared the crap out of me. Yeah. You should have seen your brother. What a wuss. Hey,but I wasn't the only one who jumped. ***** I jumped,man,I jumped. Yes. no pulse. Get th epi. I don't know what happened. I cannot believe you did this to me. You were the one person that I thought I could count on, that I could trust. It was you,adrianna,you were it, and you can't even do so little as pick up your freaking phone! Amazing,way to go. This friendship is over. We're done.