There's plenty of room at the top. I found out who's moving into that little dutch colonial down the street. - Who? - Her name is Helen Bishop. She's divorced. Really? What do you do, just kiss women all the time? Women you aren't married to? Of course not. When I came over that night, you know, I was there. I'm married now. Transcript: swsub.com Synchro: Hutch Season 1 Episode 4 New Amsterdam How fast were you going when Mr. Adams jumped from the car? Se-sev-seventy-five? And-and where was that, in your driveway? How far had Mr. Adams gotten in the lesson?</i> Back, backing out? It's not <i>Lenny Bruce</i>... but it's good. But this is better, it's funny. This guy used to be an accountant, did you know that? Really? He's not anymore, is he? Your wife is here, Mr. Campbell. Thank you, Hildi. Lunch date, good idea. You married folks, must be nice to spend some time together. Hello lovely. You can do better than that. Trudy, you know the fellas, Ken, Paul, and Harry, of course. You'll notice only men coming out of there. I know, you all work so hard. - How's Jennifer? - Good, swell actually, considering she's still at the phone company, nothing I can do. That's not true, you could give her a baby. You're all in on it together. Nice to see you all again. Do we have a lunch date? Because Hildi, she can show you the book. No, but I'm taking you away. I don't think taking you to lunch is part of my job. Do you have something today? No. I thought you'd be happy to see me, I called Hildi and asked if you were free, it will only take a minute, I promise. I'm sorry, that's great, where are we going? It's a surprise. Don, I'd like you to meet my wife, Trudy Campbell. Don Draper, nice to meet you. Congratulations, you're a very lucky girl. I know, most of my friends can't find a good man. Believe me, I'm the lucky one. Yes you are. He's essential to the process around here, I think we're almost as happy to have him as you are. I don't think that's possible. Well, maybe you're right, nice to meet you. He's so nice, not at all like imagined. 1500 square feet, two nice bedrooms, I don't know if that includes that maid's room. Have to be a pretty small maid. ...and it's on the market for 32, but Elaine, the realtor, says we can get it for 30. Lovely... you know that I want to give you everything. We don't have to pay for the whole thing at once, we can get a mortgage. I make $75.00 a week, now, I know you're not good at math, but that's $3500 a year. You'll make more. Eventually, but if we put ten percent down, that's an entire years salary. Sweetheart, we're not in this alone, we're a young couple that needs a little help. Did you see the sink in the master bathroom? It's the same one they have in the pierre. Hello. Mr. Draper... didn't expect to see you back here. Well, we're, uh, screening a television commercial, it will probably look better when it's breaking up "<i>Bonanza</i>". His work is wonderful, he's perfect for Menken's. So he keeps telling me. Well, I'll let you see Miss Menken out. How are you? I'm fine, my family is fine, the weather has been spectacular. Rachel, listen... What are you doing? I don't know, I don't want it to be like this. Yes, well... We both know how we'd like it to be. Can we at least have lunch sometime? I really can't see a reason for that. "Church bells rang out," "and the air was filled with flying birds," "what a joyous parade it was back at the palace," "no king could command anything finer." "The end." The end. Again? Daddy ll see you in the morning. Helen, come on, I know you're in there! Damn it, Helen, Open the door! Excuse me, miss... I know you can hear me, miss! Look, can- can I use your phone? I'm her husband, I'm supposed to see my kids, and I- I know she's in there, I just called from the gas station. No, I'm sorry. Are you serious? I'm sure you are who you say you are, but I don't let strange men into my home. Can I come in? Of course. I'm really sorry, I'm so embarrassed. I don't know what you're talking about. Yes you do... I was at the window. Did you let him in? Yes. He's not a bad man. Do you want some coffee? It's a joke really, Dan hardly saw the kids at all when we were married, he works in Manhattan, life insurance, now all of a sudden, he can't live without them. Of course, if he does die, I'm set. I'm joking. What happened? I'll tell you exactly, he had a lot of friends in the city, there was poker, and tennis, drinks at the river club, turned out none of them were men. I'm.. I'm sorry... I really just meant tonight, what happened... Please, I figure I might as well say it, that's what you've all been guessing anyway, right? We haven't all been doing anything. Okay... The strangest part of it is that, I think he's angrier at me than I am at him, of course, my father got a lawyer, an army buddy who just hammered the hell out of him. I've always loved that house. Hello. He has to go right upstairs and have complete quiet for a while, he works so hard. I should get back, my kids are asleep. Boat's in the water, and your cousin sarah, had her baby, named it after your uncle Skip, I think that's nice. Everything's already in the trunks, I do hope you and Trudy will be making it out to the house this summer. We'll try, I'm not sure I'll be able to take the time off from work. Work? I still don't understand what you do. I'd hate for you to miss the Blackberry's. Run into you at the club, you're working, at a restaurant, you're working, taking people out to dinner, wining and whoring, no job for a white man. She's made such a nice addition to the table, so nice and appreciative. There's a lot more to it than that. Advertising, really? See, if someone were to tell me there's a lot more to the law, I'd believe them. I can't explain how business works to you. Trudy found, an apartment that she likes. Did she, where abouts? 83rd and park, very nice. Are you sure you want to be that far uptown? It's not that far, dad. It falls off after 79th. No darling, they fall off after 86th, it's a very nice area. It is... And well... It's actually kind of expensive, so... we're going to need help with the down payment. Really? Yes. No, I don't think that's a good idea. And why is that? I just don't think it's a good idea. You thought it was a good idea to help Bud, when he hit that girl on her bike in montauk last summer, what did that cost? I presume it's your profession that is responsible for this lapse in your manners? I'll pay you back. It's not about the money, Peter, you know that. Why is it so hard for you people to give me anything? We gave you everything, we gave you your name, and what have you done with it? Did you have a nice visit? They're very keen on us coming out to Fisher's island this summer. Can they help with the apartment? I didn't bring it up, my dad's been having some health problems. Sweetheart, what's wrong with him? Nobody knows. Walter, how's it going? Never had much luck, unless I'm playing against Campbell here. He's known for losing gracefully. You know our director, Salvatore Romano. Did you have a good time in the city last night? When I come into town, I like to just do my business and go home. Unwind with the psalms. No man should have to live out of a suitcase. What do you fellows have for me? Well... We take for granted the things we need the most, water, oil, electricity, steel, I was thinking about the last time you were here, looking out this window at this incredible city and saying... "It's all steel." New York city, brought to you by <i>Bethlehem Steel</i>, city of Pittsburgh, brought to you by <i>Bethlehem Steel</i>, city of Chicago, Detroit, St. Louis, full page ads in targeted markets, newspapers, trade publications, throw in a few billboards so your employees can brag to their girlfriends. They're kind of plain, aren't they? Reminds of those W.P.A. ads before the war. Walter, you've been doing this long enough, you know we could throw this artwork away in a minute, but the sentiment, the idea, it's so basic, you feel like you already know it, you just haven't thought of it lately. Cities... are made of steel. Bethlehem Steel! I might be wrong, but these feel like ads for cities! You're making our company look like a middleman for another product. Well, would you prefer an I-beam on a plate, with a pat of butter on it? No need to get cute, Don. ... Just making a point! Steel is not something that you can buy at the supermarket. But it is a commodity. I'm surprised, I believe this is fairly close to what we had talked about. We talked about a national strategy that would involve the virtues of this essential commodity. I believe it was more specific. Walter has expressed himself... Now walter, if this does not meet your expectations, I'm sure Don can find something that does, right Don? I hate to be a pain in the ass, but, if they didn't just lay there so flat, I don't know maybe it's because I'm not from a city, they... just... bother me! Look, if we can persuade you to stay in town another 24 hours, back at the <i>Saint Regis</i> of course, it would give us a chance to come up with something with more impact, get you tickets to a broadway show, there's a new one, "<i>Bye-bye Birdie</i>". I don't like birds either. Well, something else then. Pete, I think Sal can show Mr. Blythe out... Walt. Sorry about that, they are good drawings. No, the W.P.A. was a very respected style... 20 years ago. What the hell was that? Come on, Don, that's not the first time someone's been unhappy, give it a haircut, he's a second time guy anyway, I could feel that. And I could feel he was sentences away, I'm that kind of guy. He didn't like the idea. Someone hadn't prepared him to like the idea, an idea he was extremely enthusiastic about three months ago. I'm sorry I didn't lower his expectations enough. You do your job, take him sailing, get him in a bathing suit, leave the ideas to me. I have ideas. I'm sure you do, Sterling Cooper has more failed artists and intellectuals than the third Reich. You know what, I have good ideas. In fact, I used to carry around a notebook and a pen just to keep track. Direct marketing, I thought of that, turned out it already existed, but I arrived at it independently, and then I come to this place, and you people tell me that I'm good with people, which is strange, because I'd never heard that before. Draper residence. Betty? Helen Bishop, are you busy? No, I'm just finishing up dinner. Of course. Listen, this may be truly rude, but I was wondering, I'm supposed to be stuffing envelopes at Kennedy headquarters tonight and my sitter just canceled, and I hate to back out because, well, you know, New York state is so important. I didn't know that. Anyway, I was wondering if you could come over and watch the kids for a few hours. Right now? You know what, I shouldn't of asked. Well, let me just get dinner on the table, I guess Don can watch the kids. Really? Gosh, that would be wonderful, take your time. You're a lifesaver, truly, I can't tell you how much I appreciate this. Hiroshima, I know. Cleaning lady and babysitter are one. Stop. It's charming. That's beautiful, Glen. Except he could wake the baby. Glen, stop that now! You remember Mrs. Draper? She's going to take care of you while I'm gone, no ironing. Ironing? I give him five cents a piece, he loves doing it. There you are! I swear to god, I am so exhausted when I get home from the jewelry store that I just kick these off, and I never know where they end up. You, Glen Bishop, in bed after "<i>The real McCoys</i>", no discussions. You look very nice. I keep the place poorly lit. I guess there'll be a lot of nice men there. Yes, I guess so, although it's mostly women. Have you seen the candidate? On the news, he's handsome, but I'm not sure who we're voting for. I'll bring you back some literature, I'll be back before 10:00, I promise. You gotta get that lux soap campaign over to <i>Sterling Cooper</i>, Janet Leigh and Natalie Wood, now there's a day at the office. Is that an orange? I'm telling you- you boys, you've got it made, martini lunches, gorgeous women parading through, in my next life, I'm coming back as an ad man. Well, there's slightly more to it than that. I'd keep that to yourself. I met his boss yesterday, you should of heard the nice things he said. He's not my boss. Well isn't that nice, to be appreciated for what you do. We have some great news. Already? Honestly you two, it's not that, we found an apartment. Well that's exciting too. Yes, well, unfortunately it's a bit out of our price range right now. I've been looking in the neighborhood, - and it seems very well priced to me. - What's it going for? 32, but the realtor says we can get it for 30. - Around here? - 83rd. - But... - How many rooms? Five, two bedrooms, two baths, a terrace... I don't know, I'd have to look at it first. Thank you! Sir! I'll take Tom or dad, you got me? It's very generous for you to even consider it, but I think we'd rather wait. For what? Start your life already, you're gonna be a rich bastard on your own someday, waiting's a bunch of bullshit. - Tom cat! - It is! Your confidence is really... well, it's swell, but honestly, I'm not sure it's a good idea. I am! Pete, this is an investment for me and you, And my jellybean over here, of course. Thank you! You're gonna love it, we'll be so happy there. I knew they'd help us. I know you did. Come on, you can't possibly be angry with me. I'm just not sure taking that kind of money is a good idea. He's not paying for the whole thing! It's still a lot of money, and I'm not sure what it means. It means we get the apartment. Do they get to tell us where to put the furniture? They're not like that, you would of taken money from your parents. - That's different! - Why? Because, that's my money, I'll get it eventually. So this is my money. Sweetheart, he wants to help, it makes him feel good. Well what about me? Well, what about me? You always get what you want, don't you? I got you, that's all I really wanted. Excuse me, can we turn on park? I need to meet a client downtown. Hush, it will only take a sec. The armory... When are they gonna tear that dinosaur down? I'll be right back. I'm in here! Glen, I said get out! Young man, what is wrong with you? This room is occupied! What do you have to say for yourself? Look at me, that was very bad! You know better than to walk in on someone like that- that room is private, extremely private, well that's all I'm trying to say. Now look at me. Don't you think you owe me an apology? Well? I'm sorry. Well good, that's not the way to behave, okay? Now, it's all right, I'm not angry anymore. You're pretty. Well, thank you dear. Really pretty. That's sweet of you to say. How old are you? Well, I'm the same age as your mother, how old is your mother? She's 32. I'm 28. Your hair is so beautiful, you look like a princess. Well, I don't know about that. Can I have some? What? Can I have some of your hair? Glen... no! Just a little piece? You won't even miss it. Now off to bed with you, and no radio. Good evening gentlemen. Walter, I'd like you to meet my cousins, Charlotte and Wendy. Ladies, it's a pleasure. We were hoping you were Pete's friends. You must be the man of steel. Will you look at that, you could lose a nickel in those dimples. I thought your cousin Wendy was a redhead. No, that's my cousin Doris, she wasn't available this evening. Well, I think we can make do with this branch of the family. I'm glad you decided to stay over. So am I. Bottle of champagne for the table, and another round of these, plus one. You know, I had some thoughts about your campaign today. Did you? Well, I was trying to express the essentialness of steel, and I thought, "<i>Bethlehem Steel</i>", " the backbone of america", what do you think? Unbelievable! Did Draper tell you to try and sneak this one by me? No, I was... Campbell, get off the clock. We have two lovely ladies here, the only backbone I'm interested in now is right here. So... tell me, Wendy, what do you do when you're not lighting up rooms with your smile? I'm an actress, and I take some classes at hunter. Do you? I would of thought you slept all day and bathed in milk. How was it? It was nice, very quiet. In case you're interested. Thank you. I'll be sure to look at it. I can't thank you enough. I hope that I can return the favor sometime. Please, don't even think about it. Looks pretty familiar. Well, I wanted to maintain our original strategy, but I think the word play achieves what you're looking for, the idea that from the acorn, that is <i>Bethlehem Steel</i>, comes america's great cities. I know this isn't the idea you want to sell me, so don't sell it so damn well. Excuse me? The backbone idea, Campbell pitched it to me last night. I like it. What backbone idea? "<i>Bethlehem Steel</i>, the backbone of America," wasn't that it? Right. It's concise, strong, and frankly, I like that you were so enthusiastic about it, you couldn't wait to tell me. Thanks again, boys. Pleasure to make you happy, Walt. Hope your visit to New York was productive. I'm warming to the place. Nice work. I told you I had ideas. Yes you did. Good one, enjoy it. You know what I think? I think I did something good, and you got the compliment for it. Listen Pete... I need you to go get a cardboard box, put your things in it, okay? You picked the wrong time to buy an apartment. Everybody out... now! Remember Pete Campbell's last day? It's today. What happened? While I was breaking my neck trying to fix the hash he made yesterday, he was out at the St. Regis pitching copy... His copy! That little shit. It was hard to see her, all alone like that, supporting herself with that sad little job at the jewelry store, frozen food. I mean I know she gets some kind of help, but still, she looks so exhausted. She tries to put on a brave face. Honestly, I think she's jealous of me. I've seen it before, I was in a sority. I mean, seeing happy families all around, but I don't know what I can do, I mean, I can't just disappear, I live there. Of course, my real concern is those children. I mean, the baby won't know the difference but that poor little boy. The person taking care of him isn't giving him what he needs. You know? Gentlemen, please. You really love that thing. You were cute back then. Pete Campbell? On his way out. Sorry to hear that. Well, can't be avoided, I'm afraid. I wish I could agree with that. He's a junior account executive who brought his own idea to a client, in a bar! There are rules. There are other rules. What's the problem? New York city is a marvelous machine, filled with a mesh of levers and gears and springs, like a fine watch wound tight, always ticking. Sounds more like a bomb. How much do you know about Pete's family? Nothing, except they put out a mediocre product. His mother is Dorothy Dikeman Campbell, the Dikemans owned pretty much everything north of 125th street, which I don't know how good your geography is, but that's a fair chunk of the island. So they're rich, so what? Well, no... His grandfather dropped it all in '29... panicked. Some people have no confidence in this country. What's your concern then? Well, I don't want Dorothy Dikeman Campbell standing on the dock at Fisher's island this summer, talking about how badly Sterling Cooper treated her son. I don't think any of us want that. We lose him, we lose our entree to Buckley deak, the Maid stone club, the Century club, dartmouth, Gracie mansion sometimes. It's a marquee issue for us. See my point? Absolutely. He's more valuable to the agency than I am. Don't fool yourself, there's a Pete Campbell at every agency out there. Well, let's get one of the other ones. You're going to need a stronger stomach, if you're going to be back in the kitchen seeing how the sausage is made. Thought it was a big watch. You handle the words, you know how much we want you here with us. No doubt about that. Don's a big boy, Burt... Aren't you Don? Well, thank you, sir. There you go! I'm glad we're all better now. what you did... is totally unacceptable. I realize that. I want you to be very clear about this, you were fired. I wanted you out, Cooper wanted you out, and you would be if it weren't for this man. He thought you deserved another chance. That's right, he fought for you. I don't know what to say. Say nothing. You're here, because of Don Draper's largess. Thank you- thank you so much. Now, I know that your generation went to college instead of serving, so I'll illuminate you, this man is your commanding officer, you live and die in his shadow, understood? - I won't let you down, Don. - Jesus, Campbell! Don't ever say that. I bet daily friendship with that bottle attracts more people to advertising than any salary you could dream of. That's why I got in. So enjoy it. Doing my best here. Enough! You don't know how to drink, your whole generation. You drink for the wrong reasons. My generation, we drink because it's good, because it feels better than unbuttoning your collar, because we deserve it. We drink because it's what men do. What about shaky hands? I see a lot of that too with you boys. No joke. Your kind, with your gloomy thoughts and your worries, you're all busy licking some imaginary wound. Not all imaginary. Yeah, boo hoo. Maybe I'm not as comfortable being powerless as you are. Pardon? You know, you shouldn't compete with Pete Campbell. - I'm not. - Yeah, you are. Not on a personal level, but for the world. I don't know, maybe every generation thinks the next one is the end of it all. I bet there were people in the bible walking around complaining about kids today. Kids today, they have no one to look up to... Cause they're looking up to us. Of course, if you're not going to have live-in help, that back room can be used for any number of things. I don't think we'll be having live-in help just yet, do you sweetheart? No, I think we'll be managing on our own for now. I'm so glad you could come. I'd like you to meet Mrs. Clifford Lyman, she'll be one of your new neighbors, and she's on the co-op board. Of course, you know these two. Where's the nursery at? Thank you, Tom. Now, I don't want to hear that again. Mrs. Lyman, Trudy Campbell, so nice to meet you. Well aren't you darling, the two of you. A pleasure. Now, I know I shouldn't ask, but I have to, your mother in-law was just telling me that your great-great grandfather was a farmer with Isaac Roosevelt, is that right? Yes, that's true. That was Nicholas Dikeman, right? On his mother's side. Can you imagine, orchards on 204th street? He's buried at the church of the intersession. My goodness, wait until I tell my husband there's going to be a Dikeman living in the building, he'll be so thrilled. Sweetheart, tell Mrs. Lyman the story about your great-great aunt getting in that fight with the british soldier and the hessians. You tell it dear, you tell it so much better than I do. Well, I think it was his great-great aunt, or great-great-great, I'm not sure, but it was before the revolutionary war,