Of course not. I know, I'm grown up, but Dick, it's me. I don't know what you're talking about. it's Adam... Your little brother. Go home, get undressed and look at yourself in the mirror. Really evaluate where your strengths and weaknesses are, and be honest. I always try to be honest. Where'd you get the tv? Someone gave it to me. And you took it? - All better? - Yes. Transcript: swsub.com Synchro: Hutch. Season 1 Episode 6 Babylon Dick Whitman, you watch where you're going, you're gonna break your neck. You gonna cry or get up? I'm getting up, uncle Mac. Good, there's someone who wants to meet you. What are you afraid of? There was lots of screaming. Always is. The lord has given us a blessing, you have a new brother. He ain't my brother. Of course he is, you got the same daddy. Isn't he beautiful? I named him Adam, after the first man. Daddy! Are you all right? Happy mother's day. This is fascinating. It's better than the hollywood version. Certainly dirtier. Well Joan Crawford is not what she was. And honestly, I found her eyebrows completely unnerving, like a couple of <i>Caterpillars</i> just pasted there. Her standing next to Susie Parker as if they were the same species. Well, some men like eyebrows, and all men like Joan Crawford. Salvatore couldn't stop talking about her. To think one of the great beauties, and there she is, so old. I'd just like to disappear at that point. It makes perfect sense. I promise you, bets, The first sign of crow's feet and I'll put you on an ice flow. Would you, will you be my gal in the iron mask? Did you have a nice mother's day? It was lovely. And my mother was at least two years older than whatever Joan Crawford says she is, and she was still very fetching. I'd like to think that she'd stand up very well as a prediction of my eventual appearance. Bets, don't... No melancholy. I'm allowed to be sentimental on mother's day. But it's your mother's day, not hers. I'm just saying, my mother looked handsome... Actually vivacious and positively cheerful right up to her end. It's good remembrance. Doctor Wayne suggested a book which says it's part of the mourning process. Doctor Wayne? I do think it's helping. So you're cured? I don't know how they tell that. When their vacation house is paid for. Don't deride him. Mourning is just extended self pity. In New Guinea, Pygmies grind up their ancestors and drink the powder in a beer. And a model culture at that, Pygmies. Did you know Michel Angelo was painting the Sistine ceiling when those people were still living in caves, discovering fire? I didn't know that. Well, it's true. Introduction to basic anthropology. What about advanced reproduction? How are your studies progressing in that? Completed. I got an "A" actually. - You did? - Yep, I did. I flunked the whole thing. Well that's because you got caught cheating. Get the light. And I want you so much. I thought about it all day. Me too. No, I mean it. It's all I think about... everyday... your car coming down the driveway. I put the kids to bed early. I make a grocery list, I cook butterscotch pudding. I never my let hands idle... Brushing my hair. Drinking my milk. It's all in a kind of fog because I can't stop thinking about this. I want you- so badly. You have me... You do. Don, you remember Nick Grodis from <i>Olympic Cruise Lines</i>. Nick, did you ever add that second deck of portholes? Yes, but those rooms get pretty wet. This is Urin Bensul Hi from the Israeli administery of tourism. It is pronounced Uraum. - Of course. - And this young lady is Lily Meyer. Pleasure to meet you. And you. caviar blinis, mal tal's... We're thinking of a land of exotic luxury. We'd like to think that if Beirut is the Paris of the middle east, Heifa can be the Rome. It's an exciting idea. Of course, we should keep in mind that Paris has the Eiffel tower and Rome has the Coliseum. Grandtel avenue is about to have a Hilton. Olympic is charting a most luxurious liner, all along the wonderous ports of the Israeli riviera. We are going to visit mr. Van Berg down the street, but some of us find his humor to be kitsch, we thought we would try a traditional way as well. Sterling Cooper doesn't like to think of itself as tradition. Maybe that is the wrong word. My english is not so good. Glamour, like glamorous, that's the word. We saw your awards. We were impressed with your work on Rio de Janeiro. You're not thinking of, putting a 150 foot statue of Jesus in Tel Aviv are you? Cause that's how we sold Rio. This book has been on the best seller list for two years in the states, and is soon to be a major motion picture starring Paul Newman. America has a love affair with Israel, and we would like to bring the two parties together. Well, you certainly saved me some leg work. All I have is the Bible. Let's stay away from that. So, your ideal tourist, what's his yearly salary? Whatever you make. They always say that. Well, look who's here... A couple of angels. Do we have lunch today? No, darling, we're going to get Margaret a haircut. A haircut? I like your ponytails. Of course, it makes you look young. I like your hair, daddy, it makes you look old. We just have to find the right place. Ginger? I cut my own hair. You picked her. Don't you two make a handsome couple. Honestly, I don't go for handsome. Mona. Margaret. What brings you below 59th street? Margaret, say hello. Hello, mr. Draper. Mona, aren't you lucky, mother and daughter on the town. Where are the girls getting their hair done these days? By girls you mean Bridget Bardot, cause that's what I'm seeing. As long as she can pit a hat on it for church. You are going to love this man. I will make you an appointment, come on. Bye, Don. Roger, sweetheart. She used to love being in my office. A haircut is the least of Margaret's problems. She's dated what, two boys? One of them joined the service, the other one committed suicide. She doesn't want to go to college. Doesn't want to work. Not interested in charity. I don't know what we did wrong. We gave her everything she wanted and she's still useless. You're being too hard on her, she's a young girl. When I was her age, I rode a tramp steamer from bar Harbor to Hilton head. I bet it was a yacht. Someone still has to sail those things. I think Margaret reminds you of you, you're both spoiled... zip. Come back to bed. I can stay here all afternoon. You don't have to go back to work, I do... zip. Do you like the pearl necklace I gave you? It's gorgeous. Aren't you even gonna have any of this? Look, we've got <i>Oysters Rockefeller</i>, beef Wellington, Napoleon. We leave this lunch alone, it will take over Europe. I don't like eating in here. Food that close to the bed reminds me of a hospital. If you had your own apartment, we could go to your place. You could cook for me. Don't you like things the way they are? Are you kidding? This has been the best year of my life. Do you have any idea how unhappy I was before I met you? I was thinking of leaving my wife. I am just getting tired of all... The sneaking around, aren't you? Roger, I know as much about men as you know about advertising, and I know that this sneaking around is your favorite part. You know, I have a lot of favorite parts. I'd like to get you a little fourth floor walkup somewhere, with no doors, no windows, and lock you up for a week. That's tempting... But I like hotels, and you leave with what you came in with, and the little soaps, I love those. I wish I knew what you wanted, Joanie. I love this Roger, but a week is a considerable length of time, and I have my own world. I go out and I have parties, and I have friends over. Male friends. Yes. I don't want to hear this. Carol and I have this nice little rotation. Carol... the disaster. I've known carol since college, and she's been a good friend, and she's bright, and she's neat. So you think you'd be lonely? I think it would be half as much fun alone. You could get a bird. They're fairly neat for animals. If you had your way, I would be stranded in some paperweight with my legs stuck in the air. Wait, wait-wait, you're just gonna paint that picture and go, huh? Can't we... Just enjoy this? I mean, we both know I'll eventually find a more permanent situation, and you'll find a new model, the 61's are coming out soon. I hear the fins are bigger next year. Whatever you want, red. I see why they want the guns. It's tough to compete with Bermuda only three hours away. Helps if they stop blowing up hotels. Kill me, you busty Jewist. Maybe we should try and exploit the danger, instead of fighting it... travel as adventure. Or how bout this? Average American family of three standing on the shore, suitcases in hand, the red sea parts before them. On the other side waits a gleaming four star resort, "shouldn't you see the promise land?" Take religion out. They've got plenty of stations of the cross traffic. I've skimmed this research, and the whole thing's pretty red. These communes, kibitzes, it's positively soviet. Except the daughters of the American revolution are shuttling this book up and down fifth avenue. It's a good story. They start in these prison camps... Real prisoners, then the next thing you know, they're in the desert, armed to the teeth, cutting their way through the enemy, dying for the cause, and then they have a government. A commie government. Made my mother cry. So, we have a quasi communist state where women have guns, and it's filled with Jews. Well not completely filled, let's not forget that there are also Arabs. They've got oranges. As far as I can see, the biggest thing this place has going for it, the people are good looking. The Jews there don't look like the Jews here. Have you been to the diamond district? All right, I have to make a couple phone calls. Let's pick this up later. Peggy, will you get me a private line please? Right away, mr. Draper. Donald Draper, line two. I debated not taking the call. I'm glad you did, I need to see you. I don't think that's a good idea. It's business. Meet me for a drink. I'm busy this evening. I wouldn't of called if it wasn't important. I should still be able to talk to you.</i> Give me credit for that. Lunch, tomorrow. Lunch. The tea room at The Pierre... 12:15. Message received. It's so muggy tonight. Did you just get a library card? I rarely see you read anything that doesn't have a manila folder wrapped around it. You should clean the gutters. This weekend. Is that good? Well, there's less action than I thought. I thought it was a romance. You know, the first boy I ever kissed was Jewish. How did that happen? My friend, Deirdre Shaw was friends with a Jewish girl, Beth Goldsilver or something. Beth invited us to a mixer at her Synagogue in lower mareine. Surprised your mother let you go. Well, it was a fundraiser for charity. Those poor skinny people in the boats. This boy danced with me all evening, David Rosenberg. He was very good looking, but there was something about him that was gloomy. Was he a good kisser? Let's just say he had more practice than I did. Yeah, I'm sure he was very disappointed. Please, the only reason he picked me is because I wasn't part of the Synagogue. In fact, the next day on the school bus, Beth told everyone I was necking with David Rosenberg. The looks they gave me. They were all blondes by the next summer. Honey, it's hot, and I have to read this book about the desert. Of course, go ahead. We should get an air conditioner up here. Yeah, we'll see. Hi, Fellas, come on in. Did you see this? Someone broke into the Yankees equipment locker in Cleveland yesterday, swiped Mickey Mantle's pet glove. They should of taken his bat. Should I wait for you to have your breakfast? A day without orange juice is a hell of a long day. Hey look man, no hands. "Belle Jolie." I've been looking at the work of our esteemed predecessors, I'm not heartened. They make more colors of lipstick than Howard Johnson has ice cream flavors, but their sales are in the crapper. These names... Passion flower peach, tropical bourdois red, look ethel roserburg pink. Wear it to the chair. Did you know that lipstick was invented to simulate the flush in a woman's face, after you treated her right? If you're gonna quote the research report, don't start with "did you know." Research, I'm stumped. I'll be honest, I don't speak moron. Do either of you speak moron? Let's throw it to the chickens. Okay girls, come on in. Come on in ladies, gather around. Settle down. What no lunch? No dear, this is better. Belle Jolie wants us to tell them what we think about their new line of lipsticks. One way glass. Doesn't it seem weird to you? It should be two way glass, right? I don't care what they call it. Beats the hell out of x-ray specs. It's called brainstorming. That sounds intimidating, is it like a test? There are no wrong answers. You just be your pretty little selves. Grab a lipstick, grab a mirror, and sit down. And remember, the mirror could be your best friend, or your worst enemy. Has no taste. Ugly dress. Horrible wig. They're brainstorming. I wouldn't expect more than a few sprinkles. I love it when they do that. My little blowfish. Anybody mind if I take off my pants? Red one's for me. How many lipsticks do you own? Gee, I don't know. I'd have to go home and count. Do you match your lipcolor to your clothing or to your accessories? I know, that seems like a loaded question. It is unloaded and I insist you curb your editorial comments. Sometimes I match it to my nail polish? Good answer. Go ahead. Do you change your lipcolor with the seasons? You, stand over there. At what point do we start running electricity through the chairs? We should of put a man in there, so they'd take it seriously. Good, I was afraid I'd missed it. I want to stand and salute that. what's with the mouse ears over there? Thanks for coming. - Can I get you anything? - No. - How have you been? - Fine. Fine, tired. Doesn't show. I'm in the middle of spring inventory. I hope you're not gonna tell me that the grand plan  for remaking our store has a hitch in it. You look beautiful. I thought you had urgent business to discuss. Anything for the lady? Nothing for me, coffee. - Irish coffee? - Coffee. Business? Turns out Israel tourism is considering becoming a client, and I'm having a hard time getting a handle on it. And I'm the only jew you know in New York city? You're my favorite. Jesus, Don, crack a book once in a while. I have, it's all sentimental. World War II trivia, oranges... Kids in blue and white hats. They're doing the movie of "Exodus" with Paul Newman. Paul Newman, that's nice. Now I have two reasons to see it. Damn it. You're usually so put together. I'll say one thing about Israelis, don't cross them. Well those people at the meeting were definitely zionists. Zion just means Israel, it's a very old name. I'm sorry, I'm not an expert on this, and something feels strange about being treated like one. I just want to know something about it that doesn't come from some administrative propaganda. Well here's some more World War II trivia, they just arrested <i>Adolf Eichmann</i>* in Argentina last week, have you seen his resume? Okay, I deserved that, but I'm talking about tourists going to Israel. I don't know what I can say. I'm american, I'm really not very Jewish. If my mother hadn't died having me, I could have been Marilyn instead of Rachel, and no one would know the difference. What is the difference? Look, Jews have lived in exile for a long time. First in Babylon, then all over the world... Shanghal, Brooklyn, and we've managed to make a go of it. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that we thrive at doing business with people who hate us. I don't hate you. No, individuals are wonderful. That's not what I meant. I don't know... A country for those people, as you call us, well seems very important. Why aren't you there? My life is here. My grandfather came from Russia, now I have a store on fifth avenue. I'll visit, but I don't have to live there. Just... Has to be. For me, it's more of an idea than a place. Utopia. Maybe. They taught us at barnard about that word... Utopia. The greeks had two meanings for it, utopos- meaning the good place, and utopos- meaning the place that cannot be. I have to get back to the office. I better not see this on my bill. Okay, girls, playtime's over, time to put down your lipsticks, and head back to your desks. Thank you for your cooperation and your lips. These go in the closet. Well now we have to count he shades they tried, can you bring me those tissues, dear? Here's your basket of kisses. Basket of kisses... that's cute. Who told you that? What do you mean? Where'd you hear that? I just thought of it. Isn't that what it is? It is, sweetheart. Which color did you like? I didn't get the one I liked, someone took my color. Why didn't you choose another one? I'm very particular. As opposed to the other girls? I don't know... I don't think anyone wants to be one of a hundred colors in a box. I think that's enough complaining. Why don't you head back to your desk, Peggy? Bet you wish you could put that in a glass and drink it. Peggy, clear the rest of my afternoon, would you please? You have the sliders Ketchup people at 3 o'clock.</i> Have a box of cigars sent over to Jim King with my apologies. I'll find out what he smokes. Good girl. - You got a minute, chief? - Just. You don't mind, do you? Use a glass, freddy. Your girl full of surprises. Pretty Peggy Sue. Peggy? If you say so. I try to avoid eye contact to avoid being blinded by the earnestness. Actually, she really stood out, brainstorming wise. Brainstorming? Sorry I missed that. What was the line? "A bucket of kisses." "basket of kisses." bucket sounds better. If you like them wet and sloppy. Point is, while the rest of the hens were busy pulling out each other feathers, that one saw the benefit, not the feature. - Really? - Yeah, she said she didn't want to be one of a hundred colors in a box. That's interesting, isn't it? It is. It was like watching a dog play the piano. It's me, Barbara can you talk? She's still sleeping, thank God, what's on your mind? I think I might of met somebody. You're not sure? That's good. He has some serious limitations. Does he work in the store? No, he doesn't work at the store. Well, he has a job, doesn't he? Yes. Then what's the problem? Would daddy like him? Daddy would hate him. So, he's not Jewish. Who cares what daddy thinks. He's not your boyfriend anymore. You're 28-years-old. You work 60 hours a week,</i> the last thing you want is to end up like aunt Rosie, lying to your nieces about how many engagements you had. Aunt Rosie wasn't lying. Please, there was no max the communist. Does he have all his hair? More than he'll ever need. Is he funny? Sometimes, after a couple. So he's a schecker, daddy will hate him. I do feel this attraction. I want him, and I want to ignore everything else about him. It's 1960, we don't live in a shadow, we can marry for love. I'm not sure people do that anymore. Why do you always have to be so cynical?</i> Because sometimes... Things come... good things, but there's no future in them. You're a modern woman, Rach, forget the wedding. Believe me, I'd do anything for some romance right now. Peggy. Hi, Joan. Mr. Rumsen would like you to put your industrious little mind towards coming up with copy for <i>Belle Jolie</i> lipsticks. I don't understand, they want me to write something? Whatever you said in that brainstorming session, apparently knocked their socks off. My gosh! I don't know what to say. You will of course continue to cover mr. Draper's desk. Any writing you do will be on your own time. Do I get a raise? No... Congratulations. More work and more responsibility. I guess you'll be entitled to some dinner money. That's swell. Maybe I should go and thank them. I'm not really dressed... tomorrow maybe. No need. They wanted me to tell you. They were very specific about it. You know what they say, the medium is the message. And here I was just wishing for a man to help me with my yard work. Sorry. That's what I get for being domestic. Let's get this off. God, hold that... The thought. Hi, Roy. Hi beautiful, what's shaking? Busy dance card, huh? This is my friend, Don Draper. Don, this is Roy Hazlett. Pleasure. Ian's playing down at the Gas Light. We're gonna go support him, pass the basket, you in? That is if dad will let you out. Well, that sounds like fun, Don, - We should go down for a while. - Come on, it will be a kick. What do you say, afraid you'll miss 531? I think I'm gonna stay here. I'll wear a skirt and nothing else. What took you so long? One of the media buyers ambushed me in the elevator with tickets to the ballet of all things. I told him I had plans but he insisted we share a cab across town anyways. And I couldn't shake him. Which one was it? George Asbury... he's a hound. It doesn't matter, they're all just boys. The poor bastard probably couldn't help himself. The way you glide around that office like some magnificent ship. Well, I don't want to be a distraction. Shall I... order horse blinders for the rest of the office? You didn't? I sure did. What am I supposed to do with it? The store lady said you can do anything but put the cage on the radiator. You're terrible. Well, you can't blame a man for trying. I just hate the thought of having to share you. You don't have to share me now. Joanie, you smell so good. I've been thinking about this all day. Mona is looking at a weekend in old saybrook with the in-laws. There's not enough liquor in the world. Roger... Sorry. "Mary Catherine Cahill," "a daughter of Harriet M. Barr" "and Archibold W. Barr of Stoneyton, Connecticut," "and Kevin Mark Duncan the III," "a son of Beatrice Hoslinger" "and Kevin Mark Duncan jr. of Manhattan," "were married last evening at the episcopal church of the heavenly rest." He travels around the country, and collects miniature replicas of monuments... Washington memorial*, Bunker Hill*, Mount Rushmore*, and then, he sticks them up his ass. Symbolism intended. Place to put your coats. Switch seats with me. No way. Can we get a round over here? Jack Daniels, scotches. Sounds like a great idea. Anyway, turns out, spanish cat and I were mucho sympatico with the direction that we talked about going. - With the theater of the people thing? - Conscious drama. Not the soloist bullshit kept alive by the middle class, with season tickets to Dick Van Dyke* and Mary Martin*. I bet Don here can tell you first hand, Broadway's the birthplace of mediocrity. Maybe it's born there, but I think it may be conceived right here. "And take up residence in Rye, New York." Thank you. So what do you do, Don? I blow up bridges. Don's in advertising. No way. Madison avenue? What a gas! We all have to serve somebody. Perpetuating a lie, how do you sleep at night? On a bed made of money. Isn't this an education? You hucksters and your tower created religion of mass consumption. People want to be told what to do so badly, that they'll listen to anyone. When you say people, I have a feeling you're talking about thou. And I have a feeling that you spent more time on your hair this morning than she did. You two want to head to the urinals and poke it out? So, Roy, if you had a job, what would you do? I'm starting a theater, right here in the village... it's a cooperative. Midge is gonna get in there and paint some flags. I said I'd think about it. Last night, I dreamed of making love to Fidel Castro, in a king size bed at the Waldorf Astoria. Viva la revolution, he roared as he vanquished my dress. Outside the window, Nikita Kruschev watched us, plucking a chicken. Take off your shirt! Take your shirt off! I should go, too much art for me.