Management gets all the perks. Why are you here? I'm gettin' married on sunday. I'm your boss, not your boyfriend. We can say anything we want. I get it. Don thanks again for the home run. I love to come through. I Don't make plans... And I Don't make breakfast. There's a plate in the oven. I'm living like there's no tomorrow... Because there isn't one. Transcript: swsub.com Presynchro: Hutch Season 1 Episode 2 Ladies Room You should get him to put another egg in it. - Roger. - Darling, one egg is good... Two eggs are better. Tell the, uh, lieutenant, please, that things are getting a little dry around code 29. Am I wrong? All clear in no man's land. Roger, you've expressed your desire for another drink, no need to take the orders. Right away, sir. Wine list? And I'll have another one of these while I'm waiting for the list. Another egg. Well, I am having fried chicken. As long as the egg comes first. My nanny, belva, made fried chicken. I used to take it to school wrapped in wax paper. His sweet belvedere, he really loved that woman. Had another nanny originally, german girl, round face, enormous bosom. My parents got rid of her after the Lindbergh baby. We thought about getting a nanny. We have a girl that comes in as sort of a house keeper and sometimes babysitter. I let her take the children to play group, sometimes the park. Belva raised me. I turned out just fine. Didn't have to go to a psychiatrist like some people's kids. Oh, what's the big deal? Margaret is practically the last girl in our building to go. Sixteen-years-old, wouldn't get out of bed. I tell ya, I can not wait until that girl is another man's problem. What about you, Don, did you have a nanny? I can't tell you about my childhood, it'll ruin the first half of my novel. Don doesn't like to talk about himself. I know better than to ask. An add man who doesn't like to talk about himself... I think I may cry. It's not that interesting a story, just think of me as moses. I was a baby in a basket. To moses and Don Draper... Couple of princes. If the gentleman will be patient. I'll join you. I think I may know more about your wife than I do about my own. Maybe your wife is just a better drinker. Entirely possible. Mona, can you help me here. I've seem to grow a set of thumbs. Do you ever have that when your hands go numb? Want me to touch you up? I think you'll have to. Look at those lips. I bet it's not hard for you to hold on to a man like that. Don't smile, it'll make it harder. It's hard to hold on to anything right now with the children and running the house. I Don't know if I told you, but my mother died three months ago. I'm sorry... There are other ladies waiting to use the mirror. Those purses get any smaller, we're gonna starve. I loved seeing you like that. Well, you were sitting on my good side. No, I mean, the way other people see you. When you're with strangers you know exactly what you want. Well, I'd like to think I always know what I want. Um, slow down. I have to put that in my diary. Lobster, Newberg, and Gimlets should get a divorce. They're not getting along very well. Once you rounded the corner on number two, I took it for a case of nerves. He's your boss. He likes you. Toujour means he likes me. When he gets us to the four seasons, then we'll know he trusts me. He seemed very forth coming. He was stoned on martinis. I Don't know... It all seemed like an invitation to-to confide. Well, maybe it's just manners, but I was raised to see it as a sin of pride to go on like that about yourself. You're so reverent. Did you have a nanny? I've never asked you that. Why? What difference does it make? I Don't know. We've never talked about it. Did you? No, of course not. So your mother and your father are responsible for all this? I'll have to thank them someday. Jesus, bets, it's like politics, religion, or sex... Why talk about it? I see your point. Who's in there? Peggy, next step is accessories. $35 a week minus 6.75 for fica. Can you believe it? Maybe it's the fumes from the rubber cement on that envelope, but there's nothing to be happy about here. Although, you never forget your worth. For two weeks, I've been telling people I have a job in manhattan. Look at you, you're indomitable. You'd never know you were the very bottom of the food chain. Bridget, are you okay? Thanks to the precision valve corporation for the next 18 months, Gillette is the only company on earth that can spray deodorant out of a can. Modern deodorant for a modern man. He prefers jet travel to train travel, vodka scotch, and likes to get his news from the radio, not the paper. Harold hill, give it a rest. Oh, do not puncture or incinerate... Sounds dangerous. Hey, I got a dud. How is it a guy as big as you, Ken, has no basketball skills? I'm sure more research is need. You should try it out. Who smells bad in here? Oh no, come on. Come on, Kenny. Knock it off! Just pretend it's prom night. You can be the girl. Stop! All right, close your eyes. Mr. Draper, I was buzzing you. Mr. Cooper is waiting. I always thought it was Sterling who was responsible for the navy attitude around this place. Brazerre account... Just figured out we can't sell 'em to men. So much yarn, so little time. So roger mentioned this nixon thing? Yeah, he mentioned it. I just assumed it went away. It didn't. The last I read, Nixon was running without an agency. Make no mistake, we know better what dick nixon needs... Better than dick nixon. And what does Dick Nixon think he needs? What he already has... Ted rogers, brains behind that checkers broadcast. See the problem? He dodged a financial scandal by standing with his wife and begging for his dog. An admission wrapped in a distraction... I'd say they know what they're doing. Dogs are winners. Well, they think they're set without us. Why chase a girl that doesn't want to get caught. You have a problem with Nixon? I Don't vote. Hear-hear, but politics aside these last eight years have been good to us because they've been good to Proctor and Gamble and united fruit company, etcetera. So whether Dick Nixon likes it or not... We will give our people what they want, agreed? I said cut it out! Be my pleasure. Goodie. Assemble a team. Start files on contenders. Simington, Kennedy... Who knows, maybe Eleanor Roosevelt will throw her feed bag into the ring. Don, you still on for lunch? No. Don't tell me that's lunch? I've got a lot of work to catch up on. I do that sometimes. Saunter over to the pie cart, egg salad, and the worst cup of coffee in the world... Thirty-five cents. I've been meaning to try it. It's okay if you like ptomaine poisoning. Well, too-da-loo. Secretary, one. Copy-writer, zero. It wasn't that. I bring my lunch, at least until after the first of the month. Get your things. That sandwich is making me sad. It's a postcard from Campbell on his honeymoon. Niagara falls. "Greetings from the wettest place on earth." I say we skip lunch all together and try on those narrow sweater sets I saw at lord and taylor. Do you want me to sit outside the dressing room and hold your purse? What he's trying to say is, can we buy you lunch? I Don't know, we hadn't planned on eating. Come on, three on two. I know you all like to be out numbered. It's two on two, I'm married. You still have to eat lunch. What do you say, change of plans? They do smell nice. What's that? Postcard from Pete Campbell. He's on a honeymoon, right? Niagara falls. He hasn't left the room, apparently. Shall we? so, Peggs, you part of our nations' military- industrial boyfriend- girlfriend complex? Excuse me? He wants to know are you taken, you kept, or merely browsing? She's browsing, and like most of us she's disappointed with the selection of merchandise. Perhaps, I can interest you in a 42 long. That's not his suit size. She blushes. No I Don't. You know, maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but you are the subject of much debate. Money riding on the outcome. Money for me? Now there's even a third possibility... Paying you. We should be getting back. I'll get the check. My goodness, thank you for lunch, boys. Yes, thank you. Hmm, take the rest of the afternoon off. We could go to the zoo, see what the animals are up to. Um... I should get back to work or shopping. Guess you Don't seeing any money changing hands, Kenny. You'll see... My persistence is my charm. That was delicious. You enjoy yourself with the hitler youth? Oh, well it was kind of last minute... Easy... See that Draper takes a look at these? Certainly. You can look too. Three of the last pta presidents are from the kindergarten class, I say you go in there and lay some ground work. I will not have Marilyn Keckner dictate the agenda. The woman is obsessed with nutrition. Although, you wouldn't know it to look at her. Francine, you're terrible. I ran into Juanita cabet at square dancing and I found out who's moving into that little dutch colonial down the street. Who? Her name is helen bishop. Is she an old lady? Divorced. Really? Nine-year-old boy and a baby. That's awful. I know. All on her own? I know. Can you imagine worrying about money at this point in our lives. Well, obviously, that's not the worst of it. No. No, it isn't. It is too quiet in there. Ernie? Sally? We're playing space man. Sally Draper come over here this minute. If the clothes from that dry cleaning bag are on the floor my closet, you're going to be a very sorry young lady. Make sure your brother hasn't climbed out of the play yard. Juanita it might be bad for real estate value and she'll mark... One divorcee? Bobby! oh my God! Are you okay? what's that? What? That. Oh, that's a television. Since when do you have a television? I Don't know. I think it's been about ten days. It's been so amazing I sort of lost track. I seem to remember a woman wasting a good piece of a beautiful afternoon reciting this diatrave against television that should've ended with her banging her shoe on the table. Don darling if you wanna ask the question, just ask it. Where'd you get the tv? I got it. Same place you got that wig? Someone gave it to me. And you took it? Have you seen this thing called "people are funny?" oh jesus, Don. All better? Yes. Sit at your places. Daddy! We went to the hospital. We got lollipops. They're fine, Don. What about you? A little sore, a little embarrassed. Sorry they couldn't get ahold of me, we had to carry Freddy Rumsen out of ratazys. Oh there was nothing you could've done. Daddy, use a fork. How's the car? Not bad. Uh, thank God I was only going 25-tops. I hate the way you drive, you know? I'm finished. Can I go watch Shirley Temple story book? Yes, both of you. So what happened? I Don't know really. It all happened so fast. At 20 an hour, it's not that fast. It's stupid. Was it Sally playing with the radio again? I've warned her. no, she was fine. She was just sitting there-no. It was my hands. It happened again. Jesus. Betty you have to get this taken care of. That doctor patterson is not through. I swear when we walk down park avenue, I could hear the quacking. I know you said that. This doctor was nice. He was older actually. He was from rochester. Has two children that are ten years apart. Okay, you've given me his credentials. What did he say? Well he said I could go to New-York and run the di tests. And I said that I already had and that the results were negative and he even called doctor patterson. So? They said there was nothing physically wrong with me. Then I told him what happened and he said that I should see a psychiatrist. Doctors must love that they now have an answer for I Don't know what's wrong. He said it could be a nervous condition. Nervous about what... Driving? So we'll go down to he grand union parking lot. We'll practice your 10:00 and 2:00. He seemed very concerned if you wanna know. But that's their solution. Why not open the hood and poke around. So? So... I left. What else am I supposed to do? Well go to a doctor, another doctor-a good one! I'll get a specialist from Burt Cooper. His name's on a wall over at Saint Vincents. Okay. And leave the dishes for the girl. Seven... Eight... Nine... Ten... Eleven... Twelve... Ninety-eight... Ninety-nine... One hundred. You know I do worry about you, burty. I know. When you brought it up I was shocked. Although I realized that that's what Doctor Patterson was trying to say in his own way and... It doesn't have as much of a sigma today. I just Don't know what they can possibly tell you. Doyouthink I need a psychiatrist? I always thought people saw psychiatrists when they were unhappy... But I look at you... And this... And them... And that... And I think, are you unhappy? Of course I'm happy. Well that'll be 35 dollars... You're welcome. Whatever you think is best. Good. Act of God... Sorry. Someone threw themselves in front of the train. Ah, suicide. Okay, boys... What do we have? Gentlemen, the aerosol can is nothing less than space age. It's steel, it has exhaust... It's even shaped like a rocket. Certainly an engineering marvel. Right guard. "It works in my suit... Or yours." we'll punch the yellow of the moon so it pops behind him. We're looking for new worlds, and with that search comes any number of gadgets. It's not just some random association. This thing is shiny. It's explosive. It's from the future... A place so close to us now, filled with wonder and ease. Except some people think of the future and it upsets them. They see a rocket, they start building a bomb shelter. What? How do you get there? I Don't think it's ridiculous to assume we're looking for other planets because this one will end. I thought we had something here. Who is this moron flying around space? I mean, he pees in his pants. Brass tacks... who buys this? Some woman. Your girl or your mother will pick this up walking through the grocery store or the druggist. We should be asking ourselves "what do women want?" I Don't know, but I wish I had it. Maybe a chesty alien girl also wants to get into his suit. I'm not asking what do women want in some bull crap research psychology way. I'm asking, what would make a woman look at this man's deodorant and say, "I want that"? Well, I've stopped trying to figure out what they think. Maybe I should stop paying you. Well, I always thought women liked the way we smell. That explains a lot. I feel like we're close here. I mean, this one? The can's right-side up but the guy's upside down. No. Let's bring it down to earth. You think they want a cowboy. He's quiet and strong. He always bring the cattle home safe. You watch tv. What if they want something else? Inside, some... Mysterious wish that we're ignoring. How'd it go? I've still got my novel. I'm sorry. Buy me lunch? Samuel, that drape, man, it's sadder than a map. Well, it's lightweight and it tells me I'm at work, but you sure can talk, mr. Kensey. Sixty cents. What are you doing? Keep the change. You figure the place out yet? What do you mean? How it runs. I know the copywriters tell the art department what to do. And I know the account executives tell the copywriters what to do. What? No one tells the writers what to do except for the head of creative... Your boss. It's all on Draper. Don't think that just 'cause he's good looking he's not a writer. Dig. This is the media department. They're where 90% of where the client's check goes. They buy space... Newspapers, billboards, television, and my favorite aging whore, radio. That's the whole shakedown, actually. All you really need to know. They Don't sell ideas or campaigns or jingles, they sell media... at a 15% markup. Creative is just window dressing. It's thrown in for free. Really? Accounting... They keep track of how much we're spending versus how much we're taking in. And since we're buying futures, if you ever, ever see, um, the man upstairs go in there, grab the lifeboats, baby... We're going down. Account management. Where prep schoolers skip arm-in-arm, "wizard of oz" style, joined together by their lack of skill and their love of mirrors. Account executives are all good at something, although it's never advertising. Submitted for your approval, one peter campbell. A man who recently discovered that the only place for his hand is in your pocket. You watch it? Have you seen it... "the twilight zone"? I Don't think so. I Don't like science fiction. I'm gonna pretend you didn't say that. Mitch in media says CBS might pull the plug. I'll kill myself. And here we have the creative department. The talent. Home sweet home. Like the art department downstairs, they put us far enough away from the elevator so we can't sneak out. You know, there are women copywriters. - Good ones? - Sure. I mean, you... you can always tell when a woman's writing copy, but sometimes she just might be the right man, for the job, you know? You must be very creatively satisfied. Let's not lose our heads. Sterling coop is positively cro-magnon. I have a friend... I'm not even gonna say what agency... But all they do is smoke mary jane and play darts, and honestly, I think they're the best store on the street. You like ukrainian food? Oxtail dumplings? We still have a lot of work to do. I think he's still in there. Ah, got it. Thanks for lunch. Sorry about your copy. Thanks for reminding me. I can never get used to the fact that most of the time it looks like you're doing nothing. Fix you something? 4:30? Close enough. Coop is gonna want a carbon with your hand-picked team for Nixon on it, and I warn you right now, it includes pete campbell. I should go to Niagara falls for two weeks. It does wonders for your career. Niagara falls. Boy, redefines lack of imagination. Ahh, that's where you've been. Let me ask you something. What do women want? Who cares? You mentioned the other night that your daughter had been to a psychiatrist. I'm sure you must be mistaken about that. You know what? I am very comfortable with my mind. Thoughts clean and unclean, loving and... The opposite of that. But I am not a woman. And I think it behooves any man to toss all female troubles into the hands of a stranger. We had one head shrinker in the army. A gossip. Busting with other people's thoughts. Hasn't changed much, just costs more. You can't shoot at them. We live in troubling times. We do? Who could not be happy with all of this. Jesus, you know what they want? Everything. Especially if the other girls have it. Trust me, psychiatry is just this year's candy pink stove. It's just more happiness. People... Are... Funny! Beauty and the beast. Hey, daddy. Hey there, cold lamb sound good? Yeah. Someone started on a train. In the office. Because of a good day or a bad day? You know, when I told you you had everything... I was wrong. Oh my God! White gold, it's got one of those tiny little faces that you have to be young to see. Oh, Don its beautiful. The guy at the store set the time but he was english so it might be six hours off. Did you look at Sally's face? I think she has a bruise. I didn't see it. On her cheek bone under her eye. I thought that was ketchup. What if she had gotten a scar... Something permanent? I Don't wanna play "what if." I'm just saying, if it had happened to Bobby it would've been okay because a boy with a scar is nothing but a girl... so much worse. Nothing happened! I keep thinking... Not that I could've killed the kids but... Worse. Sally could've survived and gone on living with this horrible scar on her face and... Some long, lonely, miserable life. Don... What's happening to me? Do I need to see someone? I Don't know. I guess so. Whatever you want. 11:00 am, did you get fired? Brought Betty into the city to see the doctor but, uh, honestly I think I'm the one not feeling so great. I called in sick. Don't bring that here. I'm serious, Don. Don't talk to me about her. That makes me feel cruel. You're right. Sometimes. I can't decide if you have everything... Or nothing. I live in the moment. Nothing is everything. It sounds more like you live in the village. Actually I live in the hall. I lost my key. I had to, um... Spend the night abroad. Could you be a gentlemen and break into the fire escape so I Don't have to. Is Draper in yet? He's not coming in today. He's not feeling well. I'm leaving. Don't tell anyone I was here. No it's, peggy! Hello? I Don't think I can go out to lunch today. Mr. Draper's not coming in. That means you can go out to lunch. Have you never worked in an office before? He could call. It's my second week-another time? I did enjoy the tour the other day. It was eye opening. I didn't think your eyes could be any wider. That's clever. I guess I'll go to the cart. You want something? What? The office is gonna empty out any second, we could push the couch in front of the door. Paul! Do you belong to someone else? Shit! I Don't even like to sit in dons chair. I think we've misunderstood each other. There is someone else, right? Yes. I hope you know that covering your typewriter's office code for I'm done for the day. I'm not feeling so swell. Neither am I. Look at these letters you typed after lunch. Taraho indiana has two "r's" and an "a" and an "e" at the end? I gather you missed homerow by a hand or you were out drinking with the junior account boys again. I wasn't drinking. I Don't like your tone. I'll redo these right away. Look at you all in a snip. Are you gonna watch me? What is wrong with you? Honestly? Why is it that every time a man takes you out to lunch around here you're... You're the desert! That's terrible. It's constant from every corner. I'm from bay ridge. We have manners. Why can't they just leave it alone? Because men always bother you all the time- they follow you down the street. Well, not exactly. Look dear, I Don't know you that well but you're the new girl and you're not much so you might as well enjoy it while it lasts. Of course. Don't be that way, I'm just offering some perspective that's all. Thank you, joan. I'll save my thank you's till you correct that correspondence. I Don't know why I'm here. I'm... I mean I do. I'm... Nervous I guess- anxious. I Don't sleep that well. And my hands... Well they're fine now. It's like when you have a problem with your car and you go to the mechanic and it's not doing it anymore. Not that you are a mechanic. I guess a lot of people must come here worried about the bum. Is that true? It's a common nightmare people say. I read it in a magazine. My mother always told me that it wasn't polite to talk about yourself. She passed away recently. I guess I already said that. Can I smoke in here? We're all so lucky to be here. It's 7:30. I have to go to roys reading. I have to be there to acted surprised when Jack Kerouac doesn't show. Lock the door when you leave. If you're gonna go home, take a shower you stink. It's cause I'm the man. You seem to forget that sometimes. I'm lucky they aren't all like you. I take that as a compliment. What do women want? Well one of the things has to be not being asked something like that. What do women want? You know better then to ask. Give me a pen. Jesus. What do women want? Any excuse to get closer. Thank God. There's that ego people pay to see. I'll have the filet of sole. Excellent. Cream spinach or cream corn? Spinach. Fried potatoes or au gratin? Au gratin... With tomato juice to start. I'll have the goulash. Very good, sir. Vodka gimlet. Old fashioned. How was your day? Fine. You know I work with doctors, they'll say anything you pay them to. Of course dear but dinner in the city... I'm glad I'm hungry. I saw an interesting thing in the journal american. Apparently the phone company wants to start charging people for unlisted numbers. Well, that doesn't seem fair. Some people agree with you and they're giving aliases to ma bell, they call it anom-de phone. Isn't that smart? Of course most of them are pornographic. The best one... Pat magroin. Oh my God! I'd believe they would print that in the journal american let alone in the phone book. This is nice. I'll be right up. Hello? Sorry to bother you so late, it's Don Draper. Oh hello, mr. Draper. No, no it's not to late at all. Glad to hear that. Well? Well, I had a very interesting hour with your wife this afternoon. She's a very anxious young woman. I think you're doing the right thing. On the next "Mad Men"... Peggy, when I came over that night, you know? I was there. Miss Mankel, no one at this table has ever been to your store. A wrong I will personally correct this afternoon. Draper, who knows anything about that guy? No one's ever lifted that rock.