I was thinking of leaving my wife. They call a girl like her a lobster, all the meat's in the tail. If it is kennedy, nixon will lower himself to the occasion. It's going to be kennedy. My mother used to say, "you're going to get stout." Tell me more about that. I miss her. I'm living like there's no tomorrow, because there isn't one. Transcript: swsub.com Synchro: Hutch Season 1 Episode 10 Long Weekend Running in the house. Grandpa's here, and his aunt Gloria. If I leave, can you keep your mouth shut? Elizabeth, are you hiding your sugar bowl from me? Gene, I think I have some packets from the Howard Johnson. Daddy, have a saccharin or nothing. Where is your sugar bowl? Do you want to wake up with a cold leg like grandpa herman? Diabetics don't live long, and sometimes they lose their legs. Hey grandpa. Good morning. - Good to see you, Gene. - Don. This is my friend Gloria. I heard you might be joining us. It's good to have another woman around. Give betty a break. I live to serve. Hey, you heard that, right? I have a witness. She's a hell of a sport. Don, will you help me with the suitcase? We're only going for the weekend. I can't get it out of the closet. Honestly, it's unseemly. I can imagine everyone at the club. Was she waiting at the funeral, unbuttoning her top button like at some sadie hawkins dance? She seems like a perfectly nice lady. What am I supposed to do with this? Fill it with hay? How far do you want to go with this? Oh, I'll say you talked me out of it. She's a vulture. Her husband was a failure. When he died they found out he cheated on his income taxes. And her kids, louise never married. Two more years and she'll be hanging out at funerals too. Huntley, he was my brother's age. - He was always funny. - Birdy, your father was married what, 40 years? The man can hardly fix himself a cup of tea, let alone do laundry. All he needs is a housekeeper. A housekeeper goes home at night. Let him have it. And that fake smile. You've been looking forward to the beach. Let her cook. Let your father put some stones by that wall so we stop getting water underneath the deck. I guess I won't have to worry about talking to her. She never stops. Just get through today. I'll be there tomorrow afternoon. We'll go to that place with the lobster rolls. Just come now. You hate the way I drive. Well, my father taught me. Half the office has cleared out. kennedy, kennedy, kennedy, kennedy, Do you like a man who answers straight?</i> A man who's always fair? we'll measure him against the others and when you compare. Looks like a maple ad. It's incredible. Happy days are here again. I'm just wild about Harry. It's light. It's fun. Doesn't cloud the mind with, I don't know, issues. It's catchy. Catchy like it gets in your head and makes you want to blow your brains out. The president is a product. Don't forget that. I would like to talk to you for a moment about dollars and cents.</i> Your dollars and cents. Now, my opponents want to increase federal expenditures</i> as much as $18 billion a year. How will they pay for it? There are only two ways. One is to raise your taxes. Turn it off. The other-- An ad made by a public relations team. Message received and forgotten. We should give this to Franz for some music. Nixon's campaign song in the key of E. Ethal, go get the ice pick that nixon guy is on tv again. Should've never been this close. I'd say we could run them again, but I don't think you want to see them. I've seen them, which reminds me, you people aren't watching enough television. It is your job. The shows and the ads. I was just wondering, there must be any number of people harvesting mud on Johnny kennedy right now. Have we heard anything? We hear things. Nothing useful. He's a womanizer. That's not gonna hurt him. Women find out about that it'll push him up to the top. Nixon is still ahead in the polls. Should've never been this close. Why do we need to attack when there's a story to tell? Kennedy, <i>nouveau riche</i>. Recent immigrant who bought his way into harvard, and now he's well bred? Great. Nixon is from nothing. Self-made man. The abe lincoln of California who was vice President of the United States six years after getting out of the Navy. Kennedy, I see a silver spoon. Nixon, I see myself. If we were to run a critical ad, there are obvious benefits. When you run an ad that's positive you're only convincing the people who are already voting for you, but when you run an ad that's critical you get a shot at the people on the fence. There are a lot of people on the fence. Gentlemen, whether the nixon campaign wants it or not, we have to produce a spot that aims a howitzer at kennedy's balls. I want to hear ideas... after the long weekend. I agree. Let's go down swinging. If we can switch to a conversation about paying clients, Mencken's is coming in today to sign off on the roll out, father and daughter. I get the feeling old Abe Schminken can kill this whole thing. Of course, the checks have cleared already but- Don, I want you to go in and ride bareback over Paul here. Done. And, Don, I want you on your best behavior. - Excuse me? - I know she bothers you. Miss Holloway, may I? I really need to get to the bottom of that. Yes, I would like to get a look at those. Margaret and Mona are off to block island for labor day. Gone for the weekend along with every other wife in town. We can go anywhere tonight. We can see a Broadway show and sit at any table at the colony with our clothes off if we want to. How about a movie? Have you seen <i>The Apartment</i>*? I went last week with Mona and Margaret. I hear Shirley MacLaine is good. Please. A white elevator operator, and a girl at that? I want to work at that place. I bet you do. The way those men treated that poor girl, handing her around like a tray of canapes. She tried to commit suicide. So you saw it, huh? Red, that's not how it is. Look, it was crude. That's the way pictures are now. Did you see that ridiculous <i>Psycho</i>*? Hollywood isn't happy unless things are extreme. It didn't seem that extreme to me. Are we actually gonna get in a fight over a movie? You know, Mona had a dream once where I hit the dog with a car. She was mad at me all day, and I never hit the dog. We don't even have a dog. Why don't I call you later? Call me soon because we can go anywhere. The new atrium will make the store brighter and more vibrant. The aisles will be wider, spotlighting these new chrome display cases. Over here will be a new restaurant. Elegant tea room. Modern classic signs and champagne linens. A tea room, nice, but 30% of my ground floor is devoted to the restaurant business? Lunch and shopping, a day of indulgence. That's what ladies like. Yes, I saw that in the chapter here. It's much longer than the little schedule. It says we have to close our doors while it's getting nailed together. Three months of construction during which time we build enormous anticipation. It's like a movie premiere. The new Mencken's. You will have a line the first day. Even if you have to pay people to stand in it. We'll do whatever it takes. Mr. Draper, my daughter's presence here should let you know that I am not against change, and let us assume that this is the most amazing idea in retail since "Buy one, get one free." I still don't understand why we have to throw out the baby with the water. Can't I keep what I have and just build on it? Honestly, the unpleasant truth... Is you don't have anything. Your customers cannot be depended on anymore. Their lives have changed. They're prosperous. Over the years they've developed new tastes. They're like your daughter. Educated, sophisticated. They know full well what they deserve and they're willing to pay for it. Why would I want to own a store that I wouldn't want to shop in? Mr. Mencken, I don't know if that's true. You had no problem abandoning that second floor hosiery store on 7th avenue for your present location, and that's a story you'll be proud to tell your grandchildren. The only problem is they won't care. As much as grandpa likes that marble palace, I can promise you they won't. They'll look at it and they'll say, "Grandpa, it must've been hard back in the olden days." And it was. Everybody's jumping to forget it. Excuse me. This is not some phony story you people print in your fourth of july circulars. My father actually started with nothing and he made it into everything we're talking about. Who here can say that? I meant no disrespect, sir. None taken. This is the plan, daddy. As you can see, it wasn't just thrown together. It does seem very well thought out. It is. Pleasure to finally meet you. I hope you two know what you're doing. Looks like we both get to keep our jobs a little while longer. Don't screw this up. I think he likes me. I guarantee you there is nothing about you he likes. What about you? Daddy, can we? This place reminds of a czarist ministry. No matter what the decision, you don't feel it was yours. Fortunately, I have no idea what you're talking about. He's very good. persuasive. Yes. A little dashing for my taste. Carol, it's 10:30. Did we have lunch? 'Cause even I can't leave this early. No- I need to talk to you. Why aren't you at work? Don't tell me you're late again. Do you need to see Dr. Emerson? - Good grief, Joan. - Then what? You walked 12 blocks in a heat wave, and I see you didn't take my advice about the dress heels. You know how mr. Aldridge has had me reading the slush pile? Yes, writing the rejection letters. You told me. It's depressing. I'm so stupid! This morning in the submissions meeting, the editorial director asked why we haven't responded to this poet from Yale, Marlin Rice. Mr. Aldridge tells him we never saw it. Then the director asks me, and I cover for mr. Aldridge. I said that I had read it and rejected it. Then they made mr. Aldridge fire me. Honey, that's awful. He was really sorry about it. - Of course, that S.O.B. . - I know. I'm going to have to ask my dad for money again. It's humiliating. Stop it. You shouldn't be embarrassed. There's never enough money. You always seem to manage. These men... Constantly building them up, and for what? Dinner. Jewelry. Who cares? We need to go out and shake all this loneliness. All I want to do is sit in the movies and cry. No movies. Let's look for some actual bachelors. Empty their wallets. - I hate Manhattan sometimes. - Don't say that. This city's everything. Where's howdy dowdy at? What can I do for ya? I just got off the phone with Brett Rowley at <i>Dr. Scholl's</i>. Don't tell me they're coming in again about the exercise sandals. Did you tell 'em summer's over? They're not coming in... ever. - They're going to the <i>Leo Burnett</i>. - What? Why didn't he call me? Probably because they were disappointed with the creative. Rowley called it dull and humorless. - And what did you say? - What could I say? I've never lost an account before, especially one that was here before I got here. So you really put up a fight? He had very strong feelings. He said some unpleasant things. Which you don't remember or I'm sure you'd tell me. The day you sign a client is the day you start losing them. Are you going to tell Sterling, or should I? Unless you think it can wait until after the weekend? I'll take care of it. Were you buzzing me? My intercom was making a funny sound. Leave it. You wear <i>Dr. Scholl's</i> inserts? I thought we all had to. Take them out. Get rid of this, please. We lost <i>Dr. Scholl's</i>. Where? Leo Burnett. Campbell enjoyed telling me it was something to do with creative. Thought I should tell you. Make sure the ink is dry on that raise. That fat piece of shit. He's a cigarette ash. Chicago, what a joke. Small time. Sorry, maybe you're from there. I know I didn't drop the ball on this. Sales are steady. Probably didn't help that our billings crept up for no apparent reason. Eventually, an accountant is gonna read the mail. If you're trying to cheer me up, it's working. The day you sign a client is the day you start losing 'em. You don't really believe that. You know what my father used to say? Being with a client is like being in a marriage. Sometimes you get into it for the wrong reasons and eventually they hit you in the face. Damn it. Are we supposed to cry about this? So we lost an account. That means we'll just have to cut back. Let's go fire somebody. Labor day weekend. Between now and monday we have to fall in love a dozen times. Betty's at the shore. I'm headed down tomorrow. What do we work so hard for? To have enough money to buy fabulous vacations for our family so we can live it up here. Give me tonight. You owe me that. I can use you as bait. There's a casting call at 4:00. Double-sided aluminum. If Freddy Rumson's brain works the way I think it works, slow and obvious, I think we should go down to casting and see who's on the couch. Remember, Don, when God closes the door he opens a dress. What do you have there? Precious cargo? Mr. Rumson has me trafficking the <i>Belle Jolie</i> patch. Aren't you a busy beaver? Hey, I'm talking to you. If you want to see the proofs, you'll have to check with mr. Cosgrove. It's his account. Look at you. Minister of protocol. So, has Draper talked to Sterling yet? You'll have to ask him. I'm asking you. You should talk to him. What's wrong with you? Excuse me? I'm just trying to do my job and you're making it very difficult. Peggy dear, I think I understand what this is about, but you're not being professional right now. I cannot believe I am in this conversation. Think this is easy for me? I don't know. I don't know if you like me or if you don't like me. I'm just trying to get along here, and every time I walk by I wonder are you going to be nice to me - or cruel. - Cruel? What am I supposed to say? I'm married. Yes, I know, and I heard all about how confusing that can be. Maybe you need me to lay on your couch to clear that up for you again. That's some imagination you've got. Good thing you're a writer now. What do you need me for? It's incredible. I mean, we're just hanging out in the art department and you two wander in. - We thought it was casting. - I wish it was. I'd definitely pick you two. You have such an exquisite look, the bones of your face. And your sister, my goodness. You two look very different when you pay attention. I have an older brother. My neighbors growing up had a dairy and one of the cows gave birth to two calves that were attached at the back, then they cut them apart but they always wanted to be together. Is that what happened to you two? Do you like ukrainian food? Let me ask you something, Draper. Do any of these men have anything else to do? I just wanted to make sure the girls were, you know. Matching? Exactly. Well, there you have it. Double-sided aluminum as envisioned by <i>Sterling-Cooper</i>. Look at you. - Roger Sterling. - Eleanor Ames. What a great God that made two of you. What a sweet thing to say. Mirabelle. This is Donald Draper. He's our creative director here. What a pleasure to meet you. Well, honestly, I think we're going to send everyone else home and use our authority to say that you two are the new faces of Cartwright double-sided aluminum! My god. thank you. I think this calls for a celebration. Come on upstairs with us. One drink could be fun. One last question. How many birthdays have you had? Twenty. How about her? You're coming, aren't you, Don? Aren't you two a pair of bookends. What do you say, Draper? Shall we cast 'em in bronze and mount them on the credenza? Oh, my. Everything he says means something else too. Did get warm in here. They shut the air off at five. Rochester, get her an extra ice cube or something. Mirabelle, what's your special talent? Singing? Dancing? Baton twirling? I ride, mostly just dressage. She has a wall full of blue ribbons back home in Winchester. I have a few awards myself. Look at your skin. It's translucent. It's see through. Can I touch it? I don't see why not. After all, I do work here now. That tickles. Soft as a lamb's ear. You gotta feel this. I'm talking to you, Eleanor. Do you love your sister? Of course. Why don't you show her how much? Give her a kiss. Right now. Why do people always ask us that? My God, because it's a beautiful thing. I should be heading home. Wonder boy, have a great night. You know what? I think we should go, too. Come on. Nobody's going anywhere. Do you want to dance? That's nice. Dance for us. I don't dance. Sure you do. look at that. I feel like I'm stuck somewhere between <i>Doris Day</i> in <i>Pillow Talk</i>* and <i>Midnight Lace</i>*, and what I need to be is <i>Kim Novak</i> in just about anything. You're prettier than <i>Kim Novak</i>. What a rut. 1960, I'm so over you. Zip. Shalimar? Too much? You never say die, do you? What's the point? Carol, sweetie, it's not that bad. Tomorrow's another day. I know. - I'm okay actually. - Good. No water works. Mascara. I'm just so happy right now. Okay, are you on the Gilbey's already? No. I just love this, you know, being with you. We do know how to have fun, don't we? Joan... I love you. I really do. You. That first week in college I saw you walking on the commons and I thought, "Who is she?" Then college was over and you came here, and I followed you. You need a roommate, I moved in... Just to be near you. I did everything I could to be near you, all with the hope that one day you would notice me. Joanie. Think of me as a boy. You've had a hard day. Let's go out and try to forget about it, okay? Of course. Good, because I'm starving. They seem to be having a lot of fun. Down the road. Do you got any gum? No. No, I don't. Listen, I should get going. Over to the left there. There you go. Don't make me use my spurs on ya. Easy. Right over there by the trough. I really should go. Eleanor? I'll be right outside. Let her go. Listen, - let me call you a car. - I should wait for my sister. I mean, I've been around the block a few times, but her... I bet all you're thinking about is going around the block, huh? I don't even think I can get out of the driveway. Please, just wait with me? I like your office. It's really fancy. Mirabelle, love that name. Listen to that. I haven't heard Margaret laugh since she was seven. - Who's Margaret? - My daughter. I think I like Mirabelle better than Margaret. I wanted to name her Margo like the wine. I lost that battle. I'm sure she would've hated Margo almost as much as she hates Margaret. Why is she so angry? You're only a little older than her. You're not angry. Don't be sad. I just wish I could talk to her without her rolling her eyes. Of course, she's right. I have nothing to say to her. I'm sure that's not so. Girls love their fathers. You have such beautiful skin. My God. I just want to eat it. I want to suck your blood like Dracula. Aren't you two the sweetest for walking us up. You should be roommates. He seems to be a delightful young man. You don't teach at Fort Hermosa? No. We were just sitting next to each other at the bar and it seemed to be working. Kelly, you know what we need? Ice. Now where is that Gin hiding? Just so we're clear about what's what, the redhead is mine. So, Franklin, you're into language? Yes, well, it's kind of hobby of mine. I do carpentry. I'm building a dry sink. I love language. Words and their ways. Well, this is just bad speech. I collect it. There's this polish janitor in our building. His name is Stash. Stanislov. He's locked me out of my office on more than one occasion. One time, he described his bride as not speaking real good english. I cherish that gift. Put that in a book and sell it. Well, this is a party, isn't it? I was wondering if I could impose on the professor for one more teeny favor. I never say no to a beautiful girl. The light fixture in my room is out. Could you change it for me? I'm up to that task. We don't have a lot of men around here. It's not that dark. What are we gonna do? Whatever you want. You're married, aren't you? Yes. Yes, I am. You kiss like a married man. Your own way. No talking you out of it. - Is that good or bad? - It's good. Tell me what to do and I'll do it. Maybe it's this office, but you are selling too hard. Eleanor! Hello, Ellie! Where are you? Something's wrong! Your friend, something's wrong. I knew I shouldn't have asked him to do it a second time. Oh, jesus. I feel like there's a tank on my chest. Call an ambulance and then leave. Is he okay? Leave. Right there. Mirabelle. Mona. Your wife's name is Mona. How ya doin'? All these years I thought it would be the ulcer. Did everything they told me. Drank the cream. Ate the butter. I get hit with a coronary. Son-of-a-bitch it hurts. Well, you're talking, that's good. That's not what the doctors think. Do you believe in energy? What do you mean? Like the thing that gives you get up and go? No. Like human, energy. I don't know a... A soul. What do you want to hear? Jesus... I've been living the last 20 years like I'm on shore leave. What the hell is that about? It's living, just like you said. God... I wish... I was going somewhere. He's doing great. Mona. Mona. I love you so much, Mona. - God, I love you so much. - I know. Sweetheart, I know. Listen to me, darling. Margaret is outside and she needs to see you. No. I can't let her see me like this. Roger... I'm getting her. My goodness! All this from selling toilet paper. Mr. Cooper, where is everyone? My roommate just gave me the message. Out. It's the middle of the night. I'm not leaving you here. You should go. Thank you. Suit yourself. Miss holloway, Roger Sterling has suffered a heart attack. What? He survived it and he's currently being hospitalized. Now we need to immediately send a telegram to every one of our clients assuring them that business will not be interrupted. - Of course. - This is the master client list, names, addresses, and I'll read them out and you compose the telegram, huh? "Kyle McElroy. "President, Alpine Real Estate." it's me, Bets. Were you sleeping? Not really. The kids are in bed with me. Gloria and my father made such a big deal about having separate bedrooms. Listen, Roger had a heart attack. What? Don, that's terrible. Is he going to be okay? The doctors basically say they don't know. Mona's with him. She must be a wreck. It's good that you're there. About tomorrow... No, I understand. Well, what happened? He was at work. He just keeled over. It was awful, actually. Well, if the kids wouldn't be so heartbroken I'd come home now. I don't want to be here. You should've seen the two of them in the kitchen tonight. She was making some pot roast with a ketchup. My father started hovering behind her, watching, like he used to do with my mother.</i> How can he pretend that she never existed? I still pick up the phone sometimes to call her. I don't know, Bets. I know people say life goes on... And it does. But no one tells you that's not a good thing. Why is that? I don't know. Stop thinking about that. I can't. I try. Do you want me to come up there? No, there's nothing you can do. Give mona my love. And, don, make sure you eat something. How's he doing? - Not great. - What happened? I don't know. Public and politician wants you to believe</i> that richard nixon is quote, experienced.</i> They even want you to believe that he has actually been making decisions in the white house.</i> But listen to the man who should know best,</i> the President of the United States. I just wondered if you could give us an example</i> of a major idea of his that you had adopted</i> in that role as the decider? If you give me a week, I might think of one. I don't remember.</i> At the same press conference, President Eisenhower said... No one can make a decision except me.</i> I know it's late-- I'm sorry. I got the telegram. Let me in. Are you okay? No. You look terrible. - Can I get a drink? - Of course. Are you happy with the doctors? I can have my father make a call. I don't know-- he's rich. They seem to be taking care of him. Is he okay? You can tell me, I'm not moving the account. He's gray and weak. His skin looks like paper. I'm sorry. He's your friend, isn't he? What's the difference? You don't want to lose him. Don, don't! What good is that gonna do? Is this like some solar eclipse? It's the end of the world, just do whatever you want? - I don't know. - You do. You're exhausted. You need sleep, that's all. I just need to sit down. Sit with me. Why? Because I feel like you're looking right through me over there. I'm not. I don't like feeling like this. No one does. I remember the first time I was a pallbearer. I'd seen dead bodies before. I must've been 15-- my aunt. I remember thinking "They're letting me carry the box." "They're letting me be this close to it." "No one is hiding anything from me now." and then I looked over and I saw all the old people waiting together by the grave, and I remember thinking I... "I just moved up a notch." Never heard you talk that much before. - Rachel-- - What do you want from me? You know. I know you do. You know everything about me. I don't! You don't want to do this. You have a wife. You should go to her. Jesus, Rachel. This is it. This is all there is, and I feel like it's slipping through my fingers like a handful of sand. This is it. This is all there is. That's just an excuse for bad behavior. You don't really believe that. No. Not unless you tell me you want this. Yes, please. Miss Holloway, I know it's none of my business, but you could do a lot better. He's just a friend. That's not what I'm talking about, my dear. Don't waste your youth on age. Could you-- lobby. Do you want one? No. You told me your mother died in childbirth. Mine did too. She was a prostitute. I don't know what my father paid her, but when she died they... Brought me to him and his wife. And when I was ten-years-old... He died. He was a drunk who got... kicked in the face by a horse. She buried him and took up