- Because you're married. - So you're missing here? - Are you asking if I miss you? - What's your name? - It used to be Dick Whitman. I didn't want to go to her wedding, but I did. The least you can do is not come to mine. You're not even giving Jane a chance. I wanna take you in that bedroom, And give you a go round like you never had. I wanted to inform you that you're now the head of accounts. - Excuse me? - We're making you head of accounts. Spectacular. Synchro: zelda-zelda Season 3 Episode 12 The Grown-Ups I've got your hot cocoa. Wonderful. I just got back from lunch, and Mr. Pryce wants to see you. - It's instant. - It's from the diner. - How you can tell ? - You can tell because they use water instead of milk. It's warmer outside. It's ridiculous. The building will take care of it. They always do. Sorry about that. This really is hitting the spot. Come in. Have a seat. I believe I have what is rather disappointing news. It's been decided that Mr. Cosgrove will be made senior vice president in charge of account services and you will be made head of account management. Really? This is not to ignore that you've distinguished yourself and been of great service to the company. What is it based on? Our billings are neck and neck. I think I've done a lot with what I was given in this arbitrary scheme. It's become apparent taht you are excellent at making the clients feel their needs are being met, but Mr. Cosgrove has the rare gift of making them feel as if they haven't any needs. I see. I improved your title. And you tell your clients there'll be no need to be deprecating. - Bert and roger know about this? - This is under my authority. And I have to commend you on taking it as well as you have. I hope this was a difficult decision. It was. There you go. - Where are you going? - I don't feel well. Why did you pick that place? I don't know why a lunch counter is any better than eating at your desk. You could've joined me for a drink. I can drink at my desk if i want to, and i'm not out $1.25. I'm sorry i'm not asstimulating a lunch companion as doug. It's duck, and I work most lunches. I don't like his aftershave. I can smell it on you and I can smell it in the bathroom in the morning. What's wrong with him? Nothing. I don't even know why I'm weighing in on men right now. I think it's good that you're being picky, finally. Well, there's nothing around but married ones, I mean, we can't all throw caution to the wind. Duck's not married. Then why are you with him? Well, this is me. - Are you working late tonight? - I don't know yet. Van cleef. How very Janie Siegel-Sterling. They're blue and they're new. She's trying. You always take her side. I do not. She started giving me advice, "don't go to bed angry. Let them do what they want. Dress sexy". And all I kept thinking about was daddy. It's disgusting. Doesn't she know that? That she ruined my life? Your father had a part in it. You don't think i know that? Brooks is different than your father. I don't want to get married. Everything's pointing to the fact that I shouldn't, and everybody knows. Brooks knows. His mother knows. Do you know what she said to me? She said in India... if the wedding doesn't take place at the appointed hour, they burn the bride. Just because she went to india, doesn't mean she's not an idiot. And jane... if she's coming, I'm not going. She's coming because your father's coming and he paid for everything. You're having the wedding. The bride will not be burned. Turn those earrings into a tea service or something. - Aren't you listening to me? - I am, and you're babbling - like a little fool. Go to your room. - What? You heard me. You want to act like a child, I'll treat you like one. Would somebody get that? Daddy. Are you alone? - Yes, what's wrong? - Nothing's right. My bridesmaids are supposed to give me something blue and something new - or mommy. She should know that. - Who? I don't like her, daddy, and I've told you I don't want her to be there. - Honey, put your mother on the phone. - He wants to talk to you. Keep Jane under control. First of all, tell the bride that everything is copacetic. We both agree that she's nuts and she should shut up. Your father said that he's sorry, that jane will stay out of your way and that we're both tired of the drama. He said all that? I'm not playing chicken anymore. If she wants to cancel the wedding, I'll take the deposit out of her inheritance. - He said the wedding's off. - Fine. You men that. You are not worried about India ? - Why are you doing this? - Do you want to cancel it or not? No. Then go eat something. I'm not taking that dress in again. Why did jane get her such an expensive gift? - I didn't know they saw each other. - Of course you didn't. I forbid it. I can't wait to get her out of here. Is everything okay? Goodbye. Yeah, goodbye. Get in here now. I didn't know you were home. I overdid it at lunch, as did you, I heard. I'm sorry, sweetheart. I just wanted to make amends. I got her a beautiful present. Why the hell are you even talking to her? You're screwing things up! I'm tired of the awkwardness and i'm trying to be nice. I don't know what kind of world you live in, but - I am the good person here. - You're not good because you didn't listen to me and you really upset her. Everything you do is for her. I'm yourwife. And guess what. I live here and I get to do what I want to do, so stop trying to tell me that you know better. You'd better not have locked that door. Go away! Or what? You'll commit suicide? Peter, what are you doing home? I got fired. What happened? Lane told me kenny is senior something of something accounts and i'm not. I'm account something. I couldn't even hear him. All I saw was his froglike mouth flapping. So did he ask you to leave? No. I have to ask this, but did you lose your temper? No, i didn't. That's good. That's very good. Do you rember if he said anything about how much they want you to stay? No. That's good too. So it didn't come up. Stop it with the ellery queen. - I'm going to call duck. - No, you're not. They would have fired you if they wanted to fire you. You need to wait and see how it goes. He basically said I care too much about my clients and they notice it. How could that be bad? You hold all the cards. It's going to be fine. I thought you had left. I'm here. I see. Well, thank you. I've done it before. Go back to bed. - Do you want anything? - No. I'll be in in a bit. It's got to be 100 in here. You ask the building for heat, you get heat. Mr. Herman on line one. - Can you give me a minute? - No. I'm right around the corner at the elysee, room 531. I'm in the middle of something. Peewee sweetheart, it's been three weeks. You can get room service. I think they have a Monte Cristo sandwich. You love that. I'm having lunch with kurt and smitty. They're a couple of homos. Tell them you have plans. - It's kind of short notice. - Come on, creative, be creative. I have to go to the printer. I know a nooner when i hear one. You're disgusting. I was hoping to catch you on your way to lunch. Too late. I found out yesterday that head of accounts is going to kenny and his haircut. I heard. - Can you turn that off? - Not really. - Were you consulted? - After the fact. What does it mean? It's not good. I know it's not good. There's no future for me here. How did you do it? You made your job up. I didn't. I looked at other agencies, saw that they had tv departments and wondered why we didn't. There's no such thing in the accounts field. - There's marketing. - That's a research job. - Is this official? - Yes. I'm afraid we can't hire Mr. Charcot. Well, at least you had the guts to send me a memo. He's far too expensive. Salvatore Romano is gone. There is no one in charge of the art department. I haven't heard a complaint from any of the clients. Jesus! It's hotter in here than in my office. That's because you're overexcited. Do you want me to walk you through a delivery schedule? This is Walter Cronkite in our newsroom and</i> and there has been an attempt, as perhaps you know now, on the life</i> of president Kennedy. He was wounded in an automobile driving from Dallas airport into downtown Dallas</i> along with governor connally of texas</i> They've been taken to Parkland hospital there where their condition is as yet</i> my god, how much have you been smoking in here? Sorry about that. I'm, uh, glad you ran over. Me too. I don't understand. I can't run my department without an art director. Do you want to call Saint John? Bert Cooper still has a say around here. Quoi ? If they wanted to fire you, they would've fired you. I'm gonna die at this desk, unnoticed. Do you have any idea what I've done for this company? - What are you doing? - They shot the president. What? ...top of the president's car was down</i> they drew their pistols, but the damage was done.</i> The president was slumped over in the back seat of the car, face down.</i> Then governor Connally, after slumping to the left for a moment,</i> lay on the floor of the rear seats. - Oh my god. - Is he dead? What the hell is going on? Every person listening at this moment has flashed back</i> to that day in april, 1945, when Franklin Delano Roosevelt... excuse me, chet, here is a flash from the associated press, dateline Dallas.</i> Two priests who were with president kennedy</i> say he is dead of bullet wounds. There is no further confirmation, but this is what we have</i> Is he okay? They just said he died. Who were with president kennedy say he is dead of bullet wounds.</i> There is no further confirmation. This is the only word we have</i> indicating the president may, in fact, have lost his life.</i> It has just moved on the associated press wires from dallas.</i> The two priests were called to the hospital to administer</i> the last rites And it is from them we get the word that the president has died, that the bullet wounds</i> inflicted on him as he rode in a motorcade through downtown Dallas</i> have been fatal. We would remind you there is no official confirmation</i> of this from any source as yet. Just moments before you brought the flash,</i> I had word from the hospital that the vice president,</i> Lyndon Johnson, and his wife had just left the hospital...</i> Did you give me a hickey? - I don't think so. - I told you I don't like that. I get questions from my mother. Listen. There was a news story that was on right before you came in. It's been distracting me. You didn't seem distracted. I just want to see what's going on. What's going on? ...it was only on october the 24th that our ambassador to the united nations, Adlai Stevenson,</i> was assaulted in Dallas leaving a dinner meeting there.</i> From dallas, texas, the flash, apparently official:</i> president Kennedy died at 1:00 p.m. Central standard time, 2:00 eastern... - Jesus. - Oh my god. What happened? Vice president Lyndon Johnson has left the hospital</i> I've gotta call my kids. ...to where he has proceed. Presumably, he will be taking the oath of office</i> shortly and become the 36th president of the united President johnson is under heavy guard...</i> it's ruined. It's over. It's gonna be ruined. ...five-year-old boy and myself were by ourselves on the grass there on palmer street.</i> I asked joe to wave to him. All right, sir. Go ahead and tell it. As he was waving back, he was... the shot rang out...</i> - where's your mother? - She's not feeling well. He was slumping down and the second shot went off and just knocked him down. I can't stop crying. No, sir, I did not see the man who did it.</i> I...all I... all i did was look why are the kids watching this? What am I supposed to do, Don? Am I supposed to keep it from them? ...that it hit him and he went all the way down in the car.</i> Take a pill and lie down. I can handle the kids. ...fell on him in hopes there wasn't a maniac around.</i> I'm sorry I can't help you more, but I won't forget it.</i> Turn this off. I'll make us some dinner. A polaroid picture taken by another witness, Mary Norman of Dallas,</i> showing the president slumped over in the car.</i> Just as mary started to take the picture,</i> the president came right even with us,</i> two shots, we looked at him... You two, look at me. Two shots rang out and he grabbed his chest.</i> Everything is going to be okay. We have a new president and we're all gonna be sad for a little bit. And then on monday there's gonna be a funeral. Are we going to the funeral? ...shots rang out, but by that time the motorcade had sped away.</i> ...fair play for cuba, a pro-castro organization, where he had been arrested </i> on disturbance of the peace charges. He denied</i> he was a communist, said he was a marxist and claimed there was</i> quite a difference between the two. Police in Dallas have just announced...</i> you should get ready. It's almost 2:00. Really, don? ...gunpowder traces on both hands, indicating he'd recently used a rifle.</i> The type of weapon that killed Mr. Kennedy yesterday.</i> As we told you a short time ago, oswald has refused...</i> he's 24 years old. In washington, the body of the late president lies...</i> Come on, betts. Are you sure they haven't canceled it? In "the times" they were doing that. I'm not gonna call roger to find out. If we go in and it's off, we'll grab dinner or something. I can't sit in front of the tv all day. Fine. ...ailing Mr. Kennedy stricken by a stroke two years ago--</i> just stay here until Carla comes. ...greatly increasingly failing health for the last--</i> after the terrible news had reached us... Can you see bags? I don't understand this. And here we are... Lyndon Johnson, more of the same. Nobody voted for him. It felt for a second like everything was about to change. You should get your coat and your scarf. I know it's far, but I really feel like walking. Why are we going? Because it's your boss's daughter's wedding. It's business, Pete, and there's a system. You always say that. It's one thing to go to this wedding and act like I don't hate them. It's another thing to go and act like the President hasn't been murdered. Maybe they'll cancel it, but we have to show. - Have you been drinking? - The whole country's drinking, and not to celebrate some spoiled brat's wedding. We are mourning together with his widow...</i> They'll never cancel. You know why? Because they're happy. You should've heard some of the things people said yesterday. Like what? What did they say? "The man made a lot of enemies," things like that. That's awful. I don't care what your politics are, this is America. You don't just shoot the President. Chet Huntley was talking about Jackie and those kids, how she just lost that baby, and Harry Crane was looking at his paperwork, calculating how many commercials weren't going to be aired. I'm not going. You can go and say I'm sick if you think it's that important. ... Demonstrates the internal threat that can never be underestimated.</i> No, you're right. Our sympathy for the Kennedy family is no less </i> that it is for the millions of people who have sustained equal losses </i> in the fight for freedom. I got a call from Leona, the girl I used to work with at the phone company. My friend Francine called me. Don couldn't get through. The system was completely overloaded. It's annoying that people think the operators were watching tv. They were as frustrated as anyone. The maitre d' has reorganized the seating. If you are at an even-numbered table, take these first six. If you are at an odd-numbered table, the left side of the room. Maestro, do you mind? Thank you. Look, everybody, grab your plate and come on up to the front here, sit wherever you feel like. And please feel free to have the prime rib and the fillet of sole. Help yourself. I mean that. There are no waiters. Three months after Roosevelt died, we bombed Hiroshima. That's how we got over it. I say we hang Lee Oswald and then we take care of Texas... Hell, the whole south. What did everyone think of the sweetbreads? You were right, mommy. Okay? Problem solved. Hardly. They just told me the cake's not coming. Shit. I have to say on some level Harry has a point. I think he wanted attention. He obviously didn't fit in. Congratulations. You are so beautiful, like Natalie Wood or something. Daddy, I really wish you could've gotten to see the ceremony. It's okay. We understand. We're honored you're here. - I heard the church was packed. - Those weren't our guests. Have a seat. Just... sit anywhere. I'm so happy for you. I would like some legal representation,</i> but these police officers have not allowed me to have any.</i> I don't know what this is all about. - Did you kill the President? - No, sir, I didn't.</i> How would you know that's what a monster looks like? Naturally, if I work in that building, yes, sir.</i> - Did you see "The Times"? - He lived in Russia. - I thought he just visited. - Would you visit? I'm just a patsy. There you are. What are you doing here? They're about to interview Oswald. Hey, somebody go buy a cake. Has the gentleman been identified? I need you out there. I'm about to give my toast. I've heard your toast a million times. The President is dead. And I'll tell you something else our table has no one at it. I consolidated the tables. Would you keep an eye on her? Absolutely. We'd better get back in there. This toast is going to be much shorter than it was supposed to be. Obviously, we're all in a different mood. Can someone get my wife out of the kitchen? I have something very nice to say about her. But while we're alone... ...I want to say something nice about my ex-wife. You're a lioness. And thank you for resisting the urge to eat your cub. This could've been an awful day, but here we are... Not watching tv but, together, watching the two of you. To Margaret and Brooks Hargrove. The adults, we all wanted to be strong for you, but your spirit your love, your hope is giving us strength. And I promise you now if you can make it through a day like today, marriage is a cakewalk. To many years of happiness. Cheers. We invite the father of the bride and the bride to share the dance floor. Sorry about that. Now if there are any other fathers and daughters... You know what? Everyone, please, join them. Do you want to dance? I don't know. Want me to teach him how to dance? He's a great dancer. She's happy. That's because she doesn't know his net worth just dropped by half. Stop it, daddy. Everything's gonna be fine. How do you know that? You'll see. Why do you keep looking at that woman? What are you talking about? - Are you ready? - Did jennifer fall in? She'll be right out. See you tuesday. He was so handsome, and now i'll never get to vote for him. You want me to cut you out of that dress? I'm making a phone call. Hello. So what's new? It's incredible, isn't it? Yes. Margaret got married today. That's right. I forgot. Poor thing. I wish you could've seen it. Oh my god, what a disaster. I'm sorry. Yeah, she pulled through. They pulled through. I pulled through. I can't believe how quiet it is out there. Not everywhere. Greg just called. He's working the night shift at the E.R. People are still getting sick. Car accidents are happening. Babies are are being born. Well, i'm glad he's not home. I had to talk to you. Nobody else is saying the right thing about this. My god, you're really upset. What's that about? Because there's nothing funny about this. Well... - Hang in there, red. - You too. Bye-Bye. Goodbye. Put him on a standby of indeterminate length, will you?</i> Let me have it. I want it.</i> Being led out by Captain Fritz. Clearers are pushing. There is Lee Oswald.</i> He's been shot. - Oh my god. Oh my god. - What happened? They shot him. The police were walking him through the building and some man shot him. What? Detectives have their guns drawn. What is going on?! There is no question about it. Oswald has been shot.</i> Don, please leave me alone. What happened? Nothing. Go upstairs. The family, incidentally, asked that there be no flowers</i> But there nevertheless have been flowers.</i> People either didn't hear or chose to ignore it.</i> And one room or two rooms in the white house</i> have had to be set aside to... To host. I'm going out. - Where? - For a drive. Let me drive. I'll get the kids. We'll all go somewhere. That's a good idea. No. I need to clear my head. I'm so glad you could see me. Where does your husband think you are? I don't care. He's been lying to me for years. I couldn't be in that house. Then I saw you yesterday. I didn't know you were going to be there. I hoped you would be there. Derby day... It seems like 100 years ago. And then this morning, seeing that man shot to death... what is going on? It will be okay. We've lost a lot of presidents and we're still standing. I wish I could believe you. I can't believe anything right now. Have you thought that there are other ways to live? Listen. I'm not in love with the tragedy of this thing. It's not "Romeo and juliet." I want it to happen. I have three children. I'll know more when the primaries start to shake out in spring, But I can leave the campaign right now. I don't want you to do that. You don't have to answer me now... But I want to marry you. I don't know what to say. You don't have to say anything. I told you. But if you search your heart, You'll know that I can make you happy. I should go. I wish I could take you to the movies right now, Some theater that's playing your favorite movie. "Singing in the rain." Well, just think about that. ...it was made possible by a special equipment,</i> it will move at one fourth speed, so we would like to show you in slow motion</i> the shooting of Lee Harvey Oswald now.</i> They just stood there. No security for the most wanted man in America. He didn't even have a trial. Just throw him over the mob. You can see the two detectives, one in a light suit, one in a dark, bringing Oswald out. The camera changes its length, for a close up of Oswald.</i> The shot has been fired, you cannot hear it</i> in this version of the tape. Oswald falls</i> and the man with the hat moves in on him and he's grabbed by the man in light.</i> - Do not go in to work tomorrow. - No, of course not. It's a national day of mourning. You're going to go on Tuesday. That's another happy thought. Those people don't care about you. And honestly, what's the difference? What are you saying? You did everything they asked you to do,  but You don't owe them anything. You should start gathering your clients. They'll follow you wherever you go. The only other president buried there is William Howard Taft.</i> Though of course, there are many other heroes of perhaps</i> lesser renown. Francine has the kids. I don't know where to begin. What? I want... To scream at you. For ruining all of this. But... Then you try to fix it and... There's no point. There's no point, Don. You're very upset, I understand. I know it's painful. But it's going to pass. I don't love you. Betts, don't. - You're distraught. - It's true. But I don't love you anymore. I know that. Stop it. I kissed you yesterday. And I didn't feel a thing. You'll feel better tomorrow. You'll see. You can't even hear me right now. You're right. Morning. - Morning, daddy. - Morning. Where are you going? I have to go to work, I'm sorry. It's cold outside. I'm fine. What are you doing here? I don't know. Aqua Net. It doesn't shoot till after Thanksgiving. We'll be ok. What do you have? What are you doing here? The bars are closed. My roommate invited over half the building so they can watch TV and write condolence letters to Jackie. Then I went to my sister's and my mother was crying... and praying so hard. There wasn't room for anyone else to feel anything. The funeral has already started.