I'd appreciate it if you'd refer to Irina Derevko by name. Derevko listed him among former contacts when she was debriefed by the NSA. Yes, I've heard the name myself. Sloane had dealings with him at SD-6. I'll talk to Irina, see what she knows. Sorry about the... Don't be silly. After you turned yourself in to the CIA, you listed Luri Karpachev as one of your former contacts. He was murdered yesterday - we believe by Sloane. Karpachev's body was found without his wallet. Presumably Sloane has more insidious ways to pass the time than picking someone's pocket. What might he have been looking for? Why haven't you tried to convince Sydney to leave the CIA? You and I know better than anyone. She should leave this life while she has the chance. Sydney can be stubborn. Where she got that from is anyone's guess. But she refuses to resign as long as Sloane is still free, which brings me back to my question. What was in Karpachev's wallet? A key card to his home safe. In '93, Karpachev came into possession of a Rambaldi manuscript. Sloane must believe he kept it in his safe. - But he's incorrect. Karpachev sold it. - To whom? Ilya Stuka, a former contact of mine, living in Bangkok. What is this manuscript? Rambaldi's study of the human heart. As you know, immortality was one of Rambaldi's obsessions. - Where does Stuka keep it? - I don't know. But I could find out, if I were allowed to meet with him. Kendall won't risk letting you out again despite your cooperation in India. What if the prize were worth it? Sloane doesn't know you're in CIA custody. He thinks I'm in hiding as he is. If Sloane believes you've surfaced, obtained the manuscript he's after, he'll wanna meet with you, negotiate a purchase... - Which I'd be happy to do. - And we could grab him. And give Sydney her reason to get out. OK. The key, obviously, is balance, right? So don't worry so much about the puck and just make sure your feet are planted on the ice and then, just a nice follow-through. - Show-off. - Yeah. A little bit. Bristow's got the puck, she crosses the blue line, she's at the top of the circle. She shoots, she scores. Oh, my God. What was that? - I didn't say I was completely incompetent. - But you've done this before. No, I told you. I haven't skated since I was five. - No, I don't believe you. - Swear to God. My mother took me. - Well, you're better than you should be. - Sooner or later, we're gonna have to have - a conversation about my mother. - There's nothing to talk about. Sydney, there's nothing to say. We both know what happened. - What is there to say? - I think a lot. Nothing I wanna talk about. - I'm sorry. - Don't be sorry. Don't ever be sorry for her. Hello? Yeah. OK. - I have to go in. - Of course you do. It's your day off. All right. I'll see you later. Yeah. My name is Sydney Bristow. You asked for me? Yeah. Have a seat. First off, I need your thumbprint here and here, please. These are just confidentiality agreements. They just forbid you from disclosing anything that we might talk about today. If you do so, it's a felony. Thank you. Are you familiar with the name Vladimir Progrowski? No, I'm not. You ever see this man? No. Last month you were in France with Agent Michael Vaughn. Do you recall seeing him use the payphone? No. Did you see Mr Vaughn purchase cigarettes? Mr Vaughn doesn't smoke. I understand. No, I didn't see him buy cigarettes. Are you and Mr Vaughn intimately involved? That's none of your business. Yeah, I know. It's sort of an awkward question. What is this about? I'd appreciate a little context here. You haven't even given me your name. I'm Mitchell Yeager. I'm Counterintelligence - threat analyst. That should give you a little context. I've been sent here to investigate Michael Vaughn. It's come to our attention that over the past three months Mr Vaughn has been in contact with a number of unapproved foreign operatives. He's also actively pursuing contact with Mr Progrowski, who happens to be a former KGB assassin, known to have ties with at least three terrorist organisations. Wait a minute. There absolutely... is a reason for this. - I'm sure that's right. That's why I'm here. - This is crazy. What are you saying? Agent Vaughn is working for someone else? - That he... Who... He... - Miss Bristow, Mr Vaughn doesn't know an investigation of this magnitude is taking place. And I will remind you that speaking to him about this is not only a criminal act, but will force us to consider you as a suspect as well. So I'll ask you again. Are you and Mr Vaughn intimate? You suggest that we allow Irina Derevko, a known terrorist, to make contact with Arvin Sloane? Sloane is searching for another Rambaldi manuscript. Irina believes it's now in the possession of an associate living in Bangkok. I'll serve as her escort, we'll recover the manuscript and use it to bait Sloane. I doubt I'll be able to convince Washington to authorise it. Our intel would have to be convincingly precise and right now all we know about this manuscript and where it might be comes only from Derevko. We may never have a better chance to get Sloane. Remember, without Irina's help the operation in Kashmir - would have been an embarrassment. - Jack, when the hell did we switch places? Derevko could be using those operations just to convince us that she's trustworthy. I've had 20 years to reflect on that woman's ability to deceive. Trust me. If she lies to me again, I'll know it. Stuka works out of a nightclub in Bangkok. Why? Did Kendall approve the op? Yes, we have a jet standing by. Oh, this is Marshall Flinkman. He worked with us at SD-6. Hey. How you doin'? You're Sydney's mom. That's really cool. Cos your daughter... Awesome, by the way. Kendall insists you be injected with a subdermal tracking device. I'll have a receiver that will allow me to follow your movements on site. You won't even really know that it's there unless, you know, we put it under your thigh or somewhere else where you might sit on it, then you'll have a "Princess and the Pea" moment, where you feel it but you don't really... You know that... "Princess and the Pea"? My mother... - Put it behind her shoulder. - Oh. OK. The thing is it might hurt a little bit cos it's small, but it's not really that small. Wow. You're tough. Has Mr Vaughn made any large purchases recently? Not that I'm aware of. Has he changed his cellphone more than once in the past six months? I've answered that. No. Why are you asking me the same question twice? We've traced four cellphones back to Mr Vaughn since October. I was hoping that you would have noticed that. I didn't. Do you have private access to his laptop computer? Excuse me? You know, while he's sleeping or in the shower, or, you know, out of the house. We don't live together. Yeah. I understand that. What are you asking me? There's a decryption program called Xenon and we have reason to believe that Mr Vaughn has downloaded this program to his personal laptop computer, - and if he has, he has broken the law. - That's insane. Well, maybe it is. Then we need confirmation either way. You want me to check Vaughn's computer. We simply want you to make a little disk image. We want you to make a copy of his hard drive and bring it back. Listen to me. There is not a chance that he is a traitor, that he would be collaborating with an enemy. You know, I knew your mother. About 20 years ago, met her with your father. We used to go to a lot of these agency functions, you know. She was a charming, very disarming woman... who wasn't what she seemed. It is a mistake, Mr Yeager, to confuse Michael Vaughn with anything regarding my mother. She killed his father. I will not spy on Michael Vaughn. Miss Bristow, what is your priority? National security, or your new boyfriend? - Weiss. Have you seen Vaughn? - That's all I am to you. - Just a conduit to Vaughn. - I'm just... Have you ever seen Vaughn and said "Hey, where's Weiss?" - I'm just looking for him. - I haven't seen him. I just got called to the briefing room. You know what this is about? - No. - All right. - See ya. - Yeah. See ya. Let her go. Play with me instead. Stop it. Why not? You know me. I love games. - Drop the gun. - Do it. You bought a Rambaldi manuscript from Karpachev. - I don't have it any more. - Where is it? In Hong Kong. I traded it for opium rights. To who? To Chang. Once we get the manuscript, how do you intend to let Sloane know it was you? Word will get back to him that I was in Bangkok. He'll know it was me. I did not see that fourth man. If you hadn't fired... I remember the first time you introduced me to Sloane. You were both working at the CIA. He came to the house for dinner. You were true friends. Yes. We shared a similar unsentimental patriotism... and a devotion to our wives. But Sloane changed and... It was Rambaldi that did it. I'm not sure what it is - he never told me - but Sloane has a personal connection to Rambaldi. I lived for years with the same obsession - to find a higher meaning in Rambaldi's work. I never understood how you managed to avoid getting caught up in it. I had something neither of you did. Sydney. I never thanked you for everything that... for raising our daughter. We land in four hours. Get some rest. Did you hear about your mother? The operation they sent her on... - Yeah, with my dad. - How'd you find out about it? - My dad told me. - What was it? Courtesy or was it part of... - No, he just told me. - Isn't that weird to you? That they wouldn't involve us at all? The decision to reintroduce Irina Derevko to the world, and we're not consulted? We can't be a part of every operation. Well, this one we should have been. I wouldn't read into it. Yeah. You mind if I use your shower? No, you don't have to ask. OK. What I'm about to tell you, you can't tell anybody. Swear to me. I swear. OK. Sydney. This is gonna sound insane. But she works for the CIA. - Come on, seriously. - Fran, think about it. What bank sends their employees on that many trips? It's a cover job. It's not even a good cover job, it's insane. Those trips? They're top-secret CIA missions. Come on, Will. I'm telling you I have seen her in action. She is like Schwarzenegger. She's like the old Schwarzenegger. She's amazing. So what does that mean? I mean, are you CIA too? No. - No, I'm an analyst. - Really? Hi. Morning. Where is everybody? Sydney just went to work. Francie left about 20 minutes ago. - You OK? - No, actually, I'm not. I had this dream that I told Francie everything I knew about the agency. What do they have you working on? Analysing drug trafficking through the Panama Canal, and I'm reading humint data, and then downloading information off the KH-11 satellite. - Exciting, right? - Yeah, I guess. Why? Well, it's common to dream about work, have anxiety over keeping it secret - especially in the beginning. - Really? - Goes away, though. - The excitement? - No, the dreams. You must allow us entry immediately. Our mandate to search this location has been approved by Beijing. Any noncompliance is a breach of your agreements. I'm sorry for the delay. Only this morning did we learn that an inspection team was coming to the palace. We're investigating reports that precursor chemicals have been stored in several official buildings. - If you are suggesting we are hiding... - That will be for the inspectors to decide. We are only here to conduct the interviews. I'm sorry. Let's go. Did you speak to Will? He was a little freaked out this morning. - What was that? - Just work stuff. Come here. Are you keeping secrets from me? What? - Answer the question. - I'm sure I am. We just started dating. Of course there's things that I don't feel comfortable... That's not... I'm not talking about us. What, work then? Yeah, there are certain things, under protocol, that I'm not authorised to talk about with anyone. And that's it? There is something you don't know about me. I don't like it when people question my loyalty. It makes me insane. This isn't about loyalty. I never said anything about loyalty. When you ask me if I'm keeping secrets, the suggestion's pretty clear. And you know what? Secrets will be a problem between us. After everything we've been through, you should know that. This is the key to my apartment. I was gonna give it to you tonight at dinner. Obviously an inappropriate move. Vaughn. Barnett's waiting for me. - You made the right decision. - That disk is blank. I didn't make a copy of Agent Vaughn's hard drive. The fact that I doubted Vaughn's motives makes me sick. You should be aware that by choosing not to assist you are implicating yourself in Agent Vaughn's activities. - Don't threaten me again. - You may be prosecuted as an accessory. I understand. Understand that there are consequences to your actions. There are consequences. That's my point. Ask yourself. Would you betray someone you love? Well, I guess we have an answer to the intimacy question. - Mr Sloane. - Yes. It seems Irina Derevko was seen last night in Bangkok. - Where? - At a club with llya Stuka. Sark made contact through one of Irina's email accounts. He took the bait? He wants a meeting to discuss the purchase of the Rambaldi manuscript. Can we trace his message? No, it was sent through anonymous remailers. I'm going to set up the meeting in Panama, ostensibly between Irina and Sloane. Jack, you make this happen, you can have my job. No, thanks. I'll need Delta Force. You'll get whatever you need. Dad says you're going to Panama. Do you think there's a chance you'll get Sloane? I wanted to see you because... it's going to be dangerous setting this trap. I hope it goes well. But there's no guarantee. So whatever happens, there's something I need you to know. Sydney, I love you. - Mom. - You don't have to say anything. I'm pretty sure I haven't earned very much and that's OK. This was just something I needed to say. Mom, you're coming back. I hope so. Did you have any trouble accessing the KH-11 satellite images? - Was anyone suspicious? - No. I use them in my reports. Nobody was suspicious. The first image you saw... see it in your mind. - Do you see any markings? - No, I don't think so. Wait. There are two sets of numbers at the bottom right-hand corner. Read them to me. X8471. GY79863. What are they? The orbital location of the satellite and its operational controls. Good. I'm gonna count back from five. When you wake up, you'll have no memory of this conversation. All you will remember is that tonight you had the best sex of your life. Five... four... three... two... one. Based on our agreement, tomorrow morning you and two Delta Force guards will be dropped off here. If Sloane follows the plan, he'll drive north to meet you. Won't he be suspicious if I don't have the Rambaldi manuscript? Sloane is smart enough to know that you would never bring it with you at first contact. He'll expect you to have it close by. CIA will be tracking you on satellite back in Los Angeles, in contact with me and the chopper waiting ten blocks away. When the call is made the team will surround the vehicle and ambush Sloane. - Pretty straightforward. - I think we've got a shot. There's one thing. - The tracker you put in my shoulder. - You want it removed. If they discover I've been tagged, it's over. We both know that. Of course Kendall would have me court-martialled for this. Kendall is not as smart as you are. Got it. You OK? This is nothing. We need to be up early. Yes. We should get to bed. Yeah, we should. Hey. You know that thing we're both involved in that we can't talk about? I know a guy from the Farm who works with Yeager and he's about to file a formal charge against Vaughn: mishandling classified intelligence. - What? - Yeah. I need to talk to him. No, no, no... whoa. You do that and you're breaking six different laws. - He needs to know this is happening. - But his phone is probably already tapped. Agency cars are equipped with GPS navigators. - Can you access the system? - Yeah. - I found his car. - Roger that. Keep me posted. What are you doing here? - Sydney. - I asked you a question. - What's going on? - Don't tell me it was nothing. - Are you following me? - You just bought something. - It's research. - Research? What kind of research? It's something private, something just for me. Who do you think you work for? Nothing is private. - You're being investigated. - What? When they find out I've told you, I'll be a target. So don't lie to me. Sydney, I am not disloyal. Then why do they say you've been meeting with high-ranking FSB officers? An ex-KGB assassin? They have you in Istanbul, Prague, Cracow, without authorisation. Vaughn. If there is some explanation for what you've been doing the past four months, I need to hear what it is. Right now. - They're at the location. - KH-11 has 'em on screen. There's a limousine approaching from the southwest. I see it. It's Sark. Delta team, stand by. I realise the plan was for Mr Sloane to meet with you here but for security reasons, I'm afraid that's impossible. If you get in, I'll take you to him. Only you. Why isn't she getting in? - Where's Sloane? - Close, I assure you. - Then bring him to me. - That's not an option. - Then our deal's off. - So be it. Tell her to get in the car, dammit. We'll track her to him. It's a big car. - I believe there's room for all of us. - That wasn't the plan. Get in. He's letting her take the guards. How did she pull that off? Now I understand why you were asking about secrets. Yes. There is something I haven't told you. It hasn't been easy, accepting the idea that my job requires me to... collaborate with my father's killer. The fact that she happens to be your mother didn't make it easier. So I've been investigating her, on my own for the past six months. I couldn't wait for the agency's red tape so I contacted everyone I could, anyone who knew her, who ran in the same circles. I... I retraced sat phone records that were logged... while your mother was with you in India and Kashmir, tracked recorded conversations between your mother's former lieutenants to see if she signalled them when Kendall gave her access to Echelon. I don't understand. You wanted us to work with her, you encouraged it. Because I believed your father was right about her having a secret agenda. I wanted to see what she was going to do. I mean, I did all of this on my own. I paid for this myself. I had freelance agents retrace every step of every hour she's taken outside operations since her surrender. I've surveilled prison guards who were assigned to her cell block, the kitchen staff that prepares her meals. They told me you downloaded Xenon. I downloaded that program to read KGB files. I had to find out if she was deceiving us again. I mean, I could not sleep at night knowing I was doing nothing, that somehow I was helping her. We are visually tracking a moving target. Delta team, stand by for go code. - We've lost downlink. - What the hell? Get back on line. Sir, someone's hacked the signal. - Are the codes good? - Yes. Thank you. Jack, we're blind. You're gonna have to follow her from your end. - Activate the tracking device. - I can't. Send in the team. Delta team, go. Repeat, Delta team, go. We've got 'em in sight. We're tracking. Stay with that car. Lost visual. Got 'em again. We're going to head 'em off. We got 'em stopped. Stand by. - Check the Rambaldi manuscript. - Get me the Rambaldi manuscript now. Step out of the car, please. And did you find anything? Nothing. She's clean. - Do you have the book? - It's coming. It's coming.