I was sworn to secrecy, but I couldn't keep it from my fiancé. And when the head of SD-6 found out, he had him killed. That's when I learned the truth. SD-6 is not part of the CIA. I'd been working for the people I thought I was fighting. I went to the only place that could help me take them down. Now I'm a double agent for the CIA. My handler is Michael Vaughn. Only one other person knows what I do, another double agent inside SD-6. Someone I hardly know. My father. Rambaldi was a 16th-century inventor who seemed to have had a psychic vision of technology. This book seems to be an instruction manual. The work we're doing here, trying to figure out who Rambaldi was, what he was working on... ...is becoming an obsession for me. I'm not sure I'm a believer. - Mr Vaughn? - Yeah, I'm late for a meeting. You'll want to cancel. We figured out how to read the Rambaldi document. I have the page with me. I'd like you to see it. OK. Who is Sydney Bristow and why should our time be spent on her? She's a double agent, senator. A CIA asset working undercover as an operative of SD-6. Last week, we came into possession of that drawing from a manuscript belonging to Rambaldi. Rambaldi. Miss Evans, we've been all over this. Look at the partially decoded text. Rambaldi wrote it in reference to the woman in the drawing. Sir, I understand your reluctance to invest our resources in this matter - but I strongly suggest... - Dr Evans. What do you need? Vaughn, I'm back from Brazil. I did what SD-6 wanted. Got surveillance photos of someone they think might be The Man. I'll forward them to you as usual and wait for further instructions. Who the hell are you? Carson Evans, DSR. We have authorisation. National Security Agency's investigating Bristow? Department of Special Research. Because her picture was in a manuscript? - That's special access only. - I'm her case officer. The loop is closed. Orders from the DCI. I don't care. If the NSA know something, I should, too. We should, sir. Unless you already do. Close the door. I got your message. If this is about the photos, I encoded them. - Forget the photos. - They might identify The Man. I nearly got eaten by dogs trying to get them. - You're investigated by the DSR. - DSR? Department of Special Research. It was created to investigate Nazi interest in the occult. After the war, an order was signed empowering them to investigate fringe science, parapsychology, remote viewing. Why do they want me? They want to know why you're in the Rambaldi book. - It seems ridiculous. - It is ridiculous. - Your picture... - It's not mine. - They don't think so. - They're wrong. They took my files. They're gonna bring you in for questioning. - I wanted to give you a heads-up. - The drawing is 500 years old. Millions of women have looked like that. My mom did. - Maybe it's of her. - They don't think so. She's dead. They believe the woman in the picture is still alive. I don't understand. The DSR partially decoded text from that page. - And? What did it say? - Look, they didn't tell me. Apparently Rambaldi refers to future dates, indicating the woman is alive. The DSR is referring to this text by name. They're calling it The Prophecy. I wanna stress at the outset, this is not an interrogation. You are not the subject of a criminal inquiry. Our purpose is to gather information and I'd like to note how much we appreciate your cooperation. - Do you have any questions? - Yes, just one. Are you not going to tell me what this prophecy says? - I think we've been over that. - Yes, we have. Just not to my satisfaction. Dr Watterson? Yes. - Agent Bristow? - Sydney's fine. Question one. What would be the next picture in this series? D. Study this figure. If it was rotated 180 degrees, it would look like which of the following? C. What is the next image in the series? - Love the tech stuff. - Haladki? It's like a thermometer. The heat from the eyes tracks brain patterns. What are you doing here? My department got tapped to facilitate cooperation. Q and seven. You're in a forest. You come to a river. Do you cross it? Agent Bristow? Would you cross it? I don't know. It depends. If you need anything, I'll be in my office. What is going on in this picture? The mother is teaching the girl to bake. And what feelings does this picture evoke? The girl doesn't like it. She wants to go and play. - We need to cut this short. - What is it? Sorry, need-to-know only. Would you come with us? Why? We have some physical examination we need to do. Excuse me? General tests. MRI, lumber puncture, blood work. - What's going on? - No, I don't think so. - Agent... - It'd be better for you... I have answered every question, but that's as far as this goes. If you wanna touch me, you have to tell me what this prophecy says. You don't have clearance for that information. You are wasting your time taking this Rambaldi thing so seriously. There are real threats in this world. I have work to do. You move out of my way, or I will make you move out of my way. Thank you. They're just letting her leave? - Third-row seats? - Yeah, behind the Lakers bench. - Wait. Near Kobe? - Yeah. My friend has a contact. He scored them free of charge. - I'll be sitting near Kobe Bryant? - Yes. Are you asking the right roommate? As is sometimes obvious, I know about wanting somebody you can't have. For a few hours, you can forget about hating Charlie. Sounds good. Can I ask you guys something? I dreamt about a fortune teller. - He had a prophecy about me. - What was it? I don't know. That's the word he used, prophecy. Does that sound good or bad? - Prophecy? - Yeah. - Definitely bad. - Yeah, bad. - Who cares? It was just a dream. - I know. Enjoy your breakfast. See you, guys. Using all resources, we've finally tracked down the enemy who we no longer have to refer to as The Man. Thanks to the photos from Brazil, we have confirmed his identity. - Alexander Khasinau. - He received the Sark communiqué reporting on the loss of the manuscript. Decorated former lieutenant colonel of the KGB. He is a power broker for the Russian mafia, dealing with rogue states and the international arms bazaar. - We're facing the Russian mafia? - As a source of financing. But in terms of tactics and reach, his organisation operates on a different order of magnitude. - So, what's next? - Nothing. After being identified, he moved his base to an undisclosed location. He knows he's a target. The next move we make must be made with extreme caution. So, no mission? Actually, I do have to ask you something. It's a personal favour. The last few days haven't been good for Emily. When you came to the house... ...I hadn't seen her spirits that high in a long time. If you wouldn't mind calling her or perhaps pay a visit, say hello? - Of course. - Thank you. When we know the right move to make with Mr Khasinau, we'll make it. I want Khasinau dead. The Alliance doesn't know what it wants. They're meeting in London on Tuesday to resolve whether the Alliance should invest the resources to find and kill him. It makes sense. Members of the Soviet Bloc control five of the 12 votes. They're cold warriors. They prefer the paradigm of détente. They'll reject going to war. These five men are cowards. All of them. Of the seven remaining members, there are four who will vote in favour of aggressive action. - So three men control the outcome. - He sent men into this facility. They stole from us, they killed some of us. There should be no vote. - What's your strategy? - Edward Poole. Oversees SD-9. It's one of the three swing votes. I'll start with him. - Hello? - Edward? Arvin. Good to hear your voice. Yes, Edward. You, too. How've you been? I think we've all been better. I'm seeing you on Tuesday. That's why I'm calling you. Your position on Khasinau. Shall I assume that you'll support a declaration of war against him? I am flattered you would think me so forgiving. But Khasinau must pay for what he's done. Even if I have to take care of it myself. Good. Glad to hear that. Unfortunately, the Alliance is nearly split on this issue. Now, as far as I'm aware, there are two swing votes left. Oskar Dunst and Jean Briault. So, Edward, it's up to you and me to take the appropriate action. What are you suggesting? I have personally seen what Khasinau is capable of. And I will not let his aggression go unanswered. So, what I'm suggesting, Edward, is that we do whatever must be done to ensure that this declaration of war be ratified. Yes, I was going to wait and present this at the meeting. What's that? Under the circumstances, I think I should come to Los Angeles. I have some intel you should see. - Good. - I'll be there in the morning. OK. Arvin's such a sweetheart, asking you to look in like this. I would have come, but I didn't want to bother you. Not at all. You know, I really liked meeting your friend, by the way. Will? - Yeah, he's a great guy. - He thinks you're great, too. He and I are just friends. - He's cute. - He is cute. I know it's been a while, but I still feel guilty about dating again. Must be especially hard, doing what you do. It is. It's difficult sometimes. I mean working for my husband. - Well. - This has been difficult for Arvin. My illness. I look just like everyone else, and I usually feel that way. The fact is, I won't be alive next Christmas. - Don't say that. You don't know. - I do. For a long time, I ignored the pain. Then, one morning over there, I... ...I collapsed. I woke up in the hospital. The doctor told me. Cancer. He said if I'd seen him in the beginning... ...I probably could've survived. But there's a fear, like nothing I've ever felt before. It comes over you when you know that there's something really wrong. For four months, I did nothing. I was so terrified of what I didn't know. So terrified that I was paralysed. The longer that went on, the more terrified I got. Wanting to know the truth, but being too afraid to find the answers. Go ahead. Run all the tests you want. What I'm about to tell you, you may find difficult to believe. Arvin, I know that Jean Briault is a friend. Yes. He's a friend. A friend of yours. But not of the Alliance. The other man in the photo is your friend, Jean Briault. This only means that Khasinau and Briault know each other. This... Nothing more. On the left is a brokerage account in the name of Briault's wife. On the right, a holding company that Khasinau uses to launder money. Five deposits in excess of $45 million were made into the account in the past three months. Arvin, I would not have made this trip if I did not truly believe that Khasinau had infiltrated the Alliance. And that Briault was in his pocket. No. I was in Chile with this man under Allende. He recruited me. On the other hand, Briault's always seemed a good man. He has served the Alliance well. So maybe we should just... gamble. Do nothing. Just play it out and see what happens. If this vote goes the wrong way because a member has been bought, it would be the end of the Alliance. But Briault, as you know, is a famously cautious man. The hit would have to be carried out by someone who had access. Someone that Briault would agree to meet alone. A friend. If the hit occurs, yes. No. This can't be right. There's another explanation for this intel. So, I appreciate your coming here with this information, but... ...I can't believe that Jean Briault is a traitor. No one hopes you are right more than I. I'd like to welcome to Los Angeles our friends from Washington. I have always had a fascination with the work of the DSR. Although inter-agency cooperation is notoriously problematic, I don't foresee any difficulty while you're working in our offices. I speak for everyone when I say how much we appreciate your help. That said, let me pay you the courtesy of being blunt. To date, our requests for files more comprehensive than these, have not been processed. Those requests, Miss Evans, are being assessed. The directive doesn't provide for that. I don't mind you coming to work with us... Let's be clear. You don't work with us, you work for us. To presume you're in charge, we have... - The directive specifies... - This is my office. The directive gives you authority to take her into custody. But Sydney Bristow is well placed. And she has provided the agency with valuable intelligence. I understand this so-called prophecy is interesting, and that these times require us to be vigilant against any threats to our national security. But let's take a step back for a second. This is a 500-year-old text. Based on that text, we are treating Agent Bristow like a lab rat. I am all for being prudent... ... but what we're doing, the way we're doing it, is absurd! We should investigate, yes. But not persecute. Dissenting might not be the best move, but I need to say something. Steven Haladki. Domestic Resources Division. For months, I've been worried about Bristow. My concern was that Michael Vaughn was too emotionally involved, which I still contest. Then I became concerned about Bristow herself. In her file, there are discrepancies and significant questions. For example, she met with a Rambaldi disciple on the Amalfi coast at exactly the time his death was prophecised. Now, after reading what Rambaldi's written about Bristow, excuse me, but I am terrified. Haladki, you are assuming that Rambaldi's prophecy is accurate - and that he's referring to Bristow. - Say Rambaldi was wrong, or that it wasn't Bristow he was talking about. Fantastic. But we're testing her to see if she has the physical anomalies that Rambaldi mentions. It's like 666, guys! You see it on the kid's scalp, you know there's problems. - Thanks for coming. - Are you alright? This prophecy, do you know anything about it? What it says? No. The DSR was close to a panic when they had half of it decoded. - They cracked the rest today. - I wanted to ask. They need a code key. Do they have the right one? The DSR spent years trying to decipher this. The key they're using is one they reverse engineered. If the DSR is misreading that text, they'll take me into custody, which will blow my cover with SD-6. And, probably yours. - You want Rambaldi's code key? - If it exists. It does. But the agency won't go after it, for political reasons. - Dad, what does that mean? - The code key is in the Vatican. - Think what this means for Sydney. - I know. Doing nothing isn't an option. I can't authorise an operation that goes against the DSR's work. - Classify it as recon. - Langley won't approve. The DSR is being irresponsible. You don't have to attack the DSR. Those bastards have taken over this office. - Then prove them wrong. - Langley is watching us closely. It's a discretionary op. You're arguing semantics with me. If she weren't my daughter, I wouldn't be fighting for this. I know this prophecy is special access, but those who have it might be misreading that text. I'd go, but Sloane's headed to London. I'm overseeing operations while he's away. You know that's an opportunity. So, Ben... ...I need your help on this. - Hello? - Edward, it's Arvin. - Any news? - We can't risk Briault. Please don't talk about this with anyone. - Don't share your intel. - Alright. I've decided to take care of our problem myself. I understand. You'll break into the Vatican? The last thing I'm gonna do while the DSR is waiting for test results is sit on my ass. But the Vatican? The secret archives. I have a number. They don't know the form the code key's in. Could be anything. I called you cos I need a partner for this op. Someone I can trust. We'd have to fly out separately, undercover. We have to leave tonight. You in? Yeah. I'll break into the Vatican with you. His parents named him after steak. Kobe. - They saw it on a Japanese menu. - I didn't know that. He's perfect for me. Plays ball and named after food. You know what would be excellent about leaving? - We might get to see the game. - I'm not going half done. - She's obsessed. - You think? So, did that thing come true? The dream? The prophecy. Not yet. I gotta go. I gotta make my plane. Have a great time. I'll see you whenever. Where's corporate banking taking you this time? Boston. I was thinking we're in Rome, the city of Trattoria di Nardi. What's that? My favourite restaurant in the world. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Why is Trattoria di Nardi so good? - It's only good if you like food. Did you know Kobe Bryant was named for a steak? Yeah, I did. - The explosion triggers the alarm. - It's on a 15-second delay. You said you can disarm it in under 20 seconds. How far under 20? I work better under pressure. Later tonight, when we get the code key, maybe we can check it out. - The restaurant? - It's almost too good not to. Unless SD-6 spots us there and has us killed. The food's so good it's almost worth the risk. OK, it's set. Let's go. Ready? Pope Alexander VI. Rambaldi was his chief architect. Rambaldi hid his real work in ordinary things. The code is in this painting. - We don't have time to take it. - Wait a minute. Give me the flashlight. Begin with the 11 th letter, three rows of 16 along the X axis and another 43. This is it. - This is the code key. - Alright. I got it. He's sending for backup. We've gotta move! Poole was here. Is he with us? Where the hell's Sydney? I believe she's at the university. We got word from Kleinhoff. There's a counterfeit page in the manuscript. - Counterfeit? - Page 47. There's nothing on it. We had it tested. It doesn't match the other pages in the manuscript. Number 47 had special significance for Rambaldi. In his writings, page 47 had critical information. - I wanna know why we don't have it. - I'll tell Sydney when she comes in. Her schoolwork is a liability, Jack. She's familiar with your opinion. Her education is important to her. She needs to examine her priorities. You're leaving for London a day early. I believe we have the necessary votes. When I get back, the Alliance will officially be at war with Khasinau. Follow up with Kleinhoff while I'm gone. I want to know what happened to that page. - Done. - Tell Sydney that we need to talk. Look at us, Jean. Two old men. I feel younger now than I ever felt when I was 18. With age, I've become more comfortable. Listen, Jean, I want to apologise to you for asking you to keep this so secret but this business that we have to discuss is extremely sensitive. Look, while I am intrigued, right now, I am more interested in my new grandson. Eight pounds, nine ounces. He's big. He has my chin. But he's better looking than me. What is it? We have suffered another tragedy in what is already a difficult time. I would like to observe a moment of silence for our friend and colleague, Jean Briault. We come together today to make a decision. Alexander Khasinau is our enemy. He and his operatives are a powerful force. Aggressive, brutal. We've coexisted with our opposition for years, so the choice is clear. Either we choose to respond with force, equally sharing the burden of cost, manpower and equipment, or we choose to seek a diplomatic détente. So, let us now vote. Six votes to five. We have resolved to reject aggressive action. We will now seek, through all diplomatic channels, contacts with Mr Khasinau. Once they have been established... It wasn't Briault getting paid off by Khasinau. It was you. You doctored the photos, the accounts. Arvin, you're upset. You've lost a friend. Our conversations weren't recorded. We talked on secure lines. You made sure I met Briault in secret. You used me. I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about. I will repay the favour. Give my regards to Emily. - How was your flight? - OK. - Sent the pictures? - Yes. Soon we'll know exactly what Rambaldi wrote. The truth. - It's the only defence you need. - I know. They agreed to wait on the encryption before taking any action. Why don't you go home and relax? This insanity is almost over. Next time we're in Rome, Trattoria di Nardi. I'd like that. How was your trip? It was great! How did your thing with Kobe go? - He was ignoring me. - I won't be part of your delusions. Kobe so loves me. He loves me. I just remembered I have a phone call to make to Hong Kong. It'll take me a while. We're going to The Pantry. We'll wait. No, go on ahead. I'll catch up with you. You've gotta come, because she's driving me nuts. - Shut up! - I'm serious. - Vaughn? - Sydney, listen. Pursuant to national security, you are now in the custody of the federal government. - What the hell is going on? - I promise, we'll figure this out. What about the code key? What happened? The CIA had the same key. - They broke the code correctly. - What? The medical tests you took, they wanted to match three physical anomalies Rambaldi mentioned. DNA sequencing, platlet levels and the size of your heart. You match all three. What does the prophecy say? "This woman here depicted will possess unseen marks." "Signs that she will be the one to bring forth my works." "Bind them with fury. A burning anger. Unless prevented,