Hi. You're looking at the work of an emergingterrorist organization known as the beograd faction. Yesterday at 5:00 they hitthe indonesian embassy in copenhagen. It was their fourth major attackwithin the last several months. And their firstovertly political act. If that's in fact what it is. Just looking at their files, they haven't claimedany ideology. They've made no demands,no pronouncements. Something doesn't add up. Langley is desperateto acquire intel on this group. To that end, they placedan undercover agent within the organization. His name is thomas raimes. He specializes in prolongeddeep cover work. He's been in placefor the last few months posing as a document expertin forging, counterfeiting. Two weeks agohe warned langley of a pending attackin denmark. And he never followed upwith the details? Agent raimes has missedthe last four meetings with his handler and hasn'tnotified headquarters. Which means he was eithercaught or killed. In one of his lastcommunications, he was able to identifythe leader of this group, a man named milos kradic. Echelon intercepts suggestthat kradic has a meet set up tomorrow at a locationin amsterdam. Dixon, vaughn, you'll runsurveillance on that location. If kradic shows up, neutralize himand take him into custody. Sydney, coordinate with jackwhen he gets in. You'll run the operationsfrom here. Until then, find outwhat other motives they could have hadfor hitting that embassy. Okay, that's it. Thank you. Hello? Nadia. Sophia? Is that you? It's so goodto hear your voice. Yours too. I'm so surprisedyou're calling.It's been... a long time, yes. I am flying to los angeles. I was hopingwe might catch up. I'd love to. Why don't imeet you at the airport? That'll be wonderful. I arrive in the morning. Okay, I'll see you then So how long has it been since you've heardfrom sophia? Like 10 years. Why has she cometo los angeles now? I don't know.She didn't say. Are you sureyou're okay with this? She can stay as longas she wants. You know that. Thanks. Where else am I gonna hearembarrassing stories about you as a kid? You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. You don't seem very excited. I know, but I am. It's just last time I saw her,I was in jail. I don't want to bea disappointment to her. Who knows if she'lleven recognize me? Oceanic airlines,nonstop flight to sydney is now ready for boardingat gate 17. Oceanic airlines nonstop flightto sydney is now rdy... sophia. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. What happened? I didn't have anywhereto go. It's so good to see you. For the last few weeks, I had a feeling that iwas being watched. I kept seeing the same faceseverywhere I went Then last nightI came home early from work, and they were in my house. As soon as I walked in,they attacked me. What did they want? I don't know. Did they take anything? I honestly don't know. When I regainedconsciousness, the house was ransackedand they were gone. I couldn't stay there. I'm sorry I came herelike this. It's okay. You did the right thing. We should let herget some sleep Yes I'm sorry we had to meetunder these circumstances. You're family to nadia,which means you're familto me. I'll see to it that you'rewell taken care of. You have nothing to worryabout from now on. Thank you. That woman took careof nadia when I couldn'T. I owe her. As soon as I get backto the office, I'll reach out to ourconnections in portugal. Whatever I can do. You need a ride? No, thank you. Okay. I'll meet you there. That should takethe edge off. It's less painfuthan the last few times. Glad to hear it. I've increased the dosageof lipoic acid. Sorry to say,you may experience some increasedside effects. It's not a cure, but, um, should keep it at bayfor a while. I've been lookinginto studies from the instituteof radiology in prague based on treatment protocolsin chernobyl -- it's apples and oranges,jack. We're not talking aboutalpha particles and beta particles,gamma or neutron rays. The radiationyou were exposed to when you walkedinto that reactor -- well, it's a differentfruit altogether. Thene'll keep looking. 20 years I've known you. You're not one iotaless stubborn. How's sydney? She's doing well. I remember when she wasjust starting school. Where do the years go? Jack, I've watchedcountless people die. Had to look into my patients'eyes when I tell them what they have is terminal. And you know what? That stuff about laughterbeing the best medicine? It's a load of bunk. I assume you have a point. A clean conscience -- that's a treatmentI can stand behind. We both knowhow this is going to end. We can filter your bloodtill the cows come home, but there's no changingthe outcome. Clear your conscience,jack. That would takeanother lifetime at least. I'm not suggesngyou write your memoirs. Although I'm sure they wouldmake a hell of a read. Start small. Talk to your daughter. She's better offnot knowing. Jack, these secretsyou're keeping -- they're not yours to keep. We've been waitingover an hour Think kradic's gonna show? I hope so. You have historywith the target? I knew the undercoveragent -- raimes. From langley? We were in the corpstogether. Force recon. Toughest guy in our platoon. Didn't think the bullet wasmade that could take him down. We don't know that he's dead He could've been captured. If raimes were alive,he would have made contact. Okay, there's kradic. There's another guy there. Brown jacket. You see him? That's raimes. Do you think he's gonerogue? You've grown into a beautiful woman, you know. so different from the girl I once knew. You were so angry then. I know it's hard to believe at least it is for me -- but I have a home now, a family.. I finally feel like I belong somewhere. Your father's a good man. I can tell. You should rest now. I'll be by tonight to check on you Nadia, wait. It's san marcos, the orphanage's namesake. My happiest times were there watching over you girls. I want you to have it. I can'T. Please. It is my way of thanking you for taking care of me. Whoa! Oh, hey. I -- sorry, mr. Sloane. I was testing out a mod on a virtual imager, and, well, you looked a little freaky. There's a latent fingerprint in here. I want to get everything you can on the person it belongs to. I want it kept between us. Yeah. Sure, no problem. Thank you. Dad, dixon and vaughncalled in. They found raimes. He's alive. He's traveling with kradic. Have our team shadow raimes. The second he's alone,pull him aside for questioning. I want to know why he hasn'tcontacted langley. I'll let them know. Dad? Let me know when dixonand vaughn have secured raimes. I'll keep you posted. Got the target. He just ordereda whiskey straight up. Okay, go for it. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there. Cheers. We're in amsterdam. This isthe best place we can find? No. If I chose the meet, we'd be in a park or near a beautiful canal. where are you going? where are you going? Last time I saw you like thiswas in a bar in baghdad. Marcus. What are you doing here? Langley assumed you werecompromised. What's going on? The embassy bombing. You warned of an attacksomewhere in denmark two weeks ago, then nothing. Why didn't you senda second warning that the bomb would go off? You know what? I'll fill out a report later. Right now I gotta getback out there, because kradicis meeting with an associate. Then talk fast.Tom, we need answers. You don't understand. So explain it to us. Why haven't you checked inwith your handlers? Kradic is paranoid. If iwould have radioed in -- there are other ways. I have to report in, tom. And right now, we're lookingat two scenarios. Either you blew your intel,or you've gone over. Which is it? You think I sold out? You tell us. All right, I had the intel,okay? But if I would havewarned langley, kradic would have knownwe were on to him. So you decided to let15 people die? I had my reasons. We're listening. Kradic is after a new weapondeveloped by the indonesians. It's a water contaminant. It can wipe outwhole ecosystems. Kradic has a line on it. The embassy bombing was crucialto acquiring the weapon. It was a handful of livesagainst a half a million. That's not your callto make. You weren't there. Now, look, if I'm notback in a few minutes, kradic is gonna knowsomething's wrong. Yes, 15 people died, but if we don't recoverthat weapon, it'll be hundredsof thousands. So, you gonna let mewalk out that door, or what? Your call, marcus. developed a sample of hydrosec,but he didn't know where. So he bombed the embassyas cover for the intel theft. Emergency protocoldictates that if a bomb goes off, all confidential intelligence istransferred to off-site servers. The explosion triggeredthose protocols Kradic must have beenprepared to intercept the outgoing data The location of the hydrosecmust have been in those files. He knows where it is,and now he's putting together a team to steal itfrom the indonesians. Indonesian officialsdeny their intelligence has been compromised. What else could they say? If they admit to developinghydrosec, they'd be violatinginternational weapons treaties. We're talking in circles here. The only option we've got is to make kradic lead usto the weapon. We could take him out beforehe gets a chance to use it. Dixon, what's yourtactical assessment? Considering the situatn, I think our best bet is tokeep agent raimes in the field. Agreed. You and vaughnwill shadow. Copy that. Go check on raimes. Make sure he's okay. We'll outfit you for comms. No dice. Kradic has state-of-the-artcountersurveillance detection. If I show up therewired for sound, I'll light uplike a christmas tree. Then we'll modify the comms. Spread-spectrumburst transmitters. Should be beyond kradic'scapabilities. It'll take us a few minutesto get them ready I'll brush past youwith them. Fine. I'll meet youat the bar in 10 minutes Wait. This meet --who is it? A hacker. Linus halsey.Why? Does kradic know this hackerface to face? You're thinkingof switching him out? Well, you stand a better chancewith another man on the inside. Fine. But you better hurry. He'll be here in one hour. Hey, what the hell? Where did you go? Let me tell you something. Shooting whiskey on an emptystomach -- not good. What's the matter? Milos pushing you around again? He's waiting. You're like a little girl. Come on, let's go. I'll start with langley,see if they have an open file on halsey. If there's a current file photo,we can run his faceprint through interpol'sbiometric city scan. Make it fast. We don'thave much time. Mr. Sloane, sir. Mr. -- Here's that background checkthat you asked me to run.Yeah. Sophia vargas. Yeah, you actually probablyjust want to skip to the last page. Thank you, marshall. Sure. I found the hacker,linus halsey. He was an mit graduatewith a degree in nonlinear cryptoalgorithsmsand stochastic systems analysis. Because if they called it"code-breaking," they couldn't charge30 grand tuition Okay, I'm linked withamsterdam's urban surveillance network. I'm checking the databasefor hotel reservations. Got him. Hotel ruisseau. It's just a few blocks overfrom where they are. Got eyes on halsey. Okay, let me knowwhen you've got him, and I'll head inside. Shotgun, what's going on? Dixon, coming your way. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I would have had him. I know. Hey Good workon hotel ruisseau. They caught halsey. Thanks. We aim to please. You're in a good mood. Yeah, I guess so. So things went well withsophia after we left? Yeah I've missed herso much. It's been a long time. I was so different back then You wouldn't have known me. I bet I would have. No I was crazy, wild. I don't know what sophiasaw in me. She was always telling meI was her special one. For years after I leftthe oranage, that was the only thingI could hang on to. I knew someone, somewherebelieved in me. You were lucky to have a personlike that in your life. Yeah. Why did you really come here? Tell me I don't know what you mean. I know all aboutjose pedraza. I know how the argentinepolice found his body. I know they founda suspect's fingerprint. But ey couldn't finda match. I did. He was hurting my girls, and I was the one who hiredhim to tend the grounds. I didn't realize. Did he hurt nadia? He tried. I didn't give himthe second chance I know what I didwas wrong, but they were my children. Yeah. I would have donethe same thing. Still, that doesn'tanswer my question. All I ever wanted was to protect nadia. When she was brought to meas a baby, she was in danger. I changed her last nameto santos so nobody could find her. The men who attacked mein lisbon -- they weren't after me. They werafter nadia. They wanted to knowwhat name I had given her. And what did you tell them? Nothing. Why didn't you tell nadia? When I saw her with her sister,with you... she deserves the happinessshe's found here. I couldn't bring backall that pain to her life. Don't worry. Now I can take care of her. How can you be sure? Because I knowwho's after my child. you wantedto show me something? Oh, yeah. Hey, syd. Yeah, check this out. Now this is one nanogramof hydrosec, which isone billionth of a gram in a 500 milliliterbeaker of water. Accordingto my simulation, the toxin actually feedsoff the water. One gram of hydrosec,lake michigan turns into sludge. It's incredible, really,you know... you know, dr. Evilsort of way. What would it taketo manufacture this stuff, level 4 biohazard containment? Yeah, and a massivecooling system, which should narrow downthe possible locations. Give me a couple hours. What's this? Huh? Uh... you know, it's just a copyof some research I'm doing for -- ahem --mr. Sloane. It's not -- damn it. What the hellare you thinking? I'm sure you mean thatin the most polite way. Using cia resourcesto check up on sophia. I was merely being cautious. I don't understand this, but nadia believes in you. omehow you've earnedher trust. Every time you lie to her,you break that bond. I want you to understandthat I'm not telling you thisout of concern for you. Only my sister. Take the highwayto the end of the night end of the night end of the night nobody reads the paperanymore. There is too much tragedyin the world. End of the night realms of bliss realms of light... clean. Have a seat. Your reputation proceeds y,mr. Halsey. You're too kind. Temperamental. Arrogant. Vindictive. Violent. Vain. Petty and deceitful. You're forgettingtalented... brilliant... and easy on the eye. There is that. You are supposedto be brilliant. They say you'rethe best hacker in the E.U. That's the rep. T what went wrongon the kroner job? Kroner job --what happened? Petty? Who the hell's thatson of a bitch to call me petty? You know what? ou can all go -- aah! Nothing went wrong. Then why does kronerhate you so much, hmm? I finished the jobas agreed. Perfectly, I may add. Aah! Listen to me,you son of a bitch. I'm not gonna let youhang my partner out to dry. The son of a bitchshorted me 10 grand Kroner stiffed him10,000 euros. Then kroner turned around, forgot to pay memy 10,000 euros. That doesn't explainwhy he hates you. Now by my count, you stillhave three rings left. That's on one ear. What happened? After he stiffed me.. He hacked kroner'scredit card to buy hookers. I hacked into hiscredit card account, chard itexactly 10,000 euros to several young ladiesin the red light district, and then sent the billsto his wife. Yes, I did. We leave in an hour. Aleksander, tell the teamto meet us at tuege airfield. You wanted to see me? I was thinking... the embassy transmissionthat kradic intercepted -- the network tap he installedwould have had to have been physically placedon the premises. I don't follow. It would be too riskyto send someone to retrieve it afterwards,so we can assume it stores the information. Which means we might be ableto access it remotely as well and download the same intelkradic got off it. This is all assumingthe indonesians haven't already locatedand removed the tap. It's worth a shot. I'll get marshall right on it. Went into the development of this little marvel,and you yank it out with a letter opener? What are youtalking about? You don't havethe faintest -- I implanted it to regulate the medicationin your bloodstream. I explained the entireprocedure to you. You did? I did. I have no memory of this. Well, we talked aboutthe fact that memory loss could be a side effect. I even implanteda second one in your calf. You don't remember that,either, do you? My position... my job -- this side effectis unacceptable. I can adjust the medication. But your conditionis progressing quicker than I hadanticipated. Jack, have you thought any moreabout what we discussed? About sydney? Sydney has had to faceso many things in her life. Too manyfor someone so young. And now, given my condition,I don't want to burden her. It's not fair. Honesty -- that's fair. You won'always be aroundto protect her, jack. She has to know the truthbefore it's too late. You disagreewith my decision? The embassy? I wasn't there. I was boxed in So I made a ll. Did some civilians die? Yes Would I do it again? Absolutely. There are sacrificeswe have to make. There are casualtiesin the business that we're in. You disappoint me, marcus. There was a timeyou understood that. That was a long time ago. Things are... different. What happened,you get religion? I had that. No, I got married. Had kids. Changes a man. You mean it softens I mean it deepens,gives a man perspective. Maybe we need menwho can make the hard call, weigh the manyagainst the few. I just know that every timeI think of those 15 people at the embassy, it weighs on me. How many kids you got? A daughter, robin,and a son, steven. And the lucky lady? My wife was killeda few years ago What you would call a casualtyof the business we're in. Make sure the plane'sready to go. Ooh, hope it's warmwhere we're going, 'cause this weather'skilling me. We are 15 minutesbehind schedule. We'll have to make it upin the air. Vaughn just checked in. Kradic's men just arrivedat tuege airfield. Marshall was able to runa network probe at the indonesian embassy. It turns outmy father was right. We've got a sourceon the hydrosec. It'sn a manufacturing plantin peru. Unfortunately,kradic beat us to it. He must have had a teamin place. Four hours ago there was a firein one of the research labs. Our theory is that kradic'smen caused the accident to steal the hydrosec. It fits their M.O. Using disaster to achievetheir operational objectives. Well, the big question is,since they have it, where do they planto use it? It's most likely that kradicwill set up a rendezvous with the heist team. Our best course of actionwould still be to keep dixon in play. That's it. Something else, jack? I know we agreed to keep thisbetween ourselves, but the time has arrived. Personal considerations havebeen weighing on me, arvin. We need to tell themthe truth. Yes, I know. You're right. I'm afraid that nadia'salready in danger. Fully fueled and readyto take us over the border. Get the gear. Let's move. I'm in place. Do you read? Go ahead. Kradic has gathereda total of six team members, and they're en routeto the plane. And agent dixon is still embedded? Securely. Hey! What's going on? Outrigger,I'm in position. I have a better question. Which one of you twois agent dixon? What? Oh, man,you're out of your mind. Milos, come on.Put the gun down. Take it easy. Enough! Aleksander intercepteda transmission. Transmission? What are you talking about? You're just being paranoid. I knowone of you is an agent. If I move any closer, I'll bemade Do you have a weapon? Milos, come on. Let's talkthis thing through. Come on. We are not doing anythingtill I find out the truth! I sensed somethingwas wrong about you. No, no, no. You wrong! You know my reputation. You checked out the kroner job. I should have trustedmy instincts. Now, see, this is insane. I'm not an agent! Take it easy. Who do you work for? Cia? Mossad? Man, what you talking about? Milos, nobody here is an agent. Okay. Then you leave melittle choice, huh? I'll have to killboth of you. Which one of you would liketo die first? Nobody's got to die. We're all on the same side here. Everybody just needs tocalm down. Lower your guns. Okay. Kill both of them. Enough! Outrigger,don't shoot kradic! We need him to lead usto the hydrosec. Let me finish this. Get on your knees. This is how you dealwith traitors. What you got to say now,agent dixon? So, dixon, any last words? Hey... casualty of the businessI'm in. He's giving usan out. He's sacrificing himselfto save the mission. Shoot him. do it We have business to do, and we needto get out of here before this guy'sbackup shows. You're welcome! Let's go. This is agent vaughn, fieldcode alpha-5-0-niner-charlie. Request authorizationfor a code 4 medivac. We have an agent down. Vaughn just reported in. Agent raimes is beingmedivaced to deventer. He's critical but stable. They're saying the shot didn'thit any of his vital organs Dixon saved his life. He just boarded the plane with kradic and his team. Re's the tail numberof his flight. All right, I'll put ina call to euro control, see if we can track it. I think I might be ableto triangulate dixon's signal using one of nsa'scomm sats. Just -- excuse me, do you havea minute? What is this about? Please, come in. There's something we needto tell you, something you havethe right to know. It concerns your mother's sister. Katya? Yelena. She was one of the kgb'sforemost assassins, responsible for the murdersof countless diplomats and politiciansthroughout eastern europe. In the course of her work,she earned a reputation for being the cruelestof the derevko women. Why are you telling usthis now? Because almost 30 years ago,yelena disappeared. It was rumored that she hada falling out with irina. Yelena severed all tiesthe kgb as well as her family. Both the cia and the kgbtried to find her, but to no avail. Even irina couldn't locate her. But you found something? I received a messagefrom an old associate about a year agothat led me to one of yelena'ssafehouses in warsaw. Inside we found this. It's me in college. This is my old apartmentin argentina. My grad schooltranscripts. I was 9 here. Given what's here,we can assume she's been surveilling you bothfor at least a decade. We can also assumethat she's responsible for the attack on sophia. Why? What does she wantfrom us? We don't know. We're doing everythingwe can to find out. What did you learn? It's me. The plane is in the air. Do we know where they're headed? I'll contact you once I havetheir final destination. I'll be waiting. I won't let you down,yelena. Do you have any ideawhere yelena is now? At this point,she could be anywhere. -- =====================