I was sworn to secrecy, but I couldn't keep it from my fiancé. And when the head of SD-6 found out, he had him killed. That's when I learned the truth, SD-6 is not part of the CIA. I'd been working for the people I thought I was fighting. I went to the only place that could help me take them down. Now I'm a double agent for the CIA. My handler is Michael Vaughn. Only one other person knows what I do. Another double agent in SD-6. Someone I hardly know. My father. Ineni Hassan has broken an agreement with SD-6. He has stolen from us. Any intel on where in Havana he is? No, we don't know. That's why I'm sending you to Cuba. I want Hassan... ...dead. - What's the countermission? - Sloane might want Hassan dead but the CIA needs him alive. They're making a huge mistake, trusting Hassan. They will learn what happens when they send someone after me. Hassan has your father. Then you'll understand that I'm going to need your help... to get to Cuba. Prove to me that you are willing to go against SD-6. Anything. Aim the gun at this woman if you are who you say you are. And kill her. Shooting this agent proves nothing. To me it proves everything. You come to me and you make me an offer. You tell me that you are willing to work against SD-6, and you're working alone. Then she shows up. Obviously, SD-6 sent her without my knowledge. Then you should have no problem proving your loyalty. Kill this agent, I'll believe you, and I'll accept your offer. And if you choose not to, I'll just have to say goodbye to both of you. Don't do it! Hands in the air! Now! - Took a while to get what you meant. - I was blinking as fast as I could. - I was, like, "Hard on your light"? - Guard on your right. I figured it out. I was never very good at Morse code. - Dad, you were shot. - It's nothing. Call your guards out back. We're going out the front. We're fluent in Arabic, so do as I say. So, now what? Take me to the mountains and kill me? Plan doesn't change. You give me your client list and I make sure SD-6 thinks you're dead. I don't care who you work for. As long as you let me go. OK. Get up. - You know how much this suit cost? - Give me your client list. There you are. You said you had a way for me to get out of Cuba. Yes. I do. Two years ago, of course, I knew you were working for SD-6, I heard you were sent to Memphis, Egypt, to meet this jackass. It turned my stomach that you were in this business. Come here. - You have a lacerated blood vessel. - I'm alright. Dad, can I ask you something? When you started with SD-6, you knew... ...that they were a mercenary group, they had no connection with the CIA. But I didn't. When I joined, I thought I was gonna be saving the world, not making it more dangerous. What's the question? Why didn't you say something? You could have told me what I was really doing, damage instead of good. But you kept quiet. Revealing the truth about what you were doing would have revealed the truth about what I was doing. I'll see you. OK. As Hassan and I headed to the mainland, my dad contacted SD-6 and told them Hassan was dead. That his mission was a success. So it all worked. SD-6 has no idea I was gone, the CIA has Hassan, and my dad's OK. So thank you. - I did nothing. - You got me into Cuba. - And you know what? You were right. - What about? What happens when someone you care about is in trouble. You said nothing else matters. It all just goes away. Last week, when I learned what my dad did for me, sacrificing Russek, it made me sick. But now I know. I would have done exactly the same thing. - You should have seen him. - Your father? Yeah. He was like a pro. He was good. The way you talked about him once, his reputation, I could see it in action. He was... impressive. I got those codes deciphered. Those books your father bought your mother, the ones he had imported 25 years ago. Those Cyrillic codes you found and gave to me. I had NSA look at them. - Yeah? - Yeah. - What is this? - Directives. Confirmed KGB orders. What orders? What do they mean? It's a list of aliases of handles. People. Who? Those are official code names given by the CIA to over a dozen of our officers, all of whom were killed. - What? - 25 years ago. Killed by an unknown foreign agent. Who the CIA suspected was KGB. Your suspicions about your father having once worked for the KGB, they're accurate. We don't know that. He was tracked by counterintelligence. - That was routine. - Nothing's routine about that list. There's something very specific about it. It's been a mystery for two decades, who murdered those CIA officers. I'm sorry. But we have our answer now. It was your father. I'm gonna report him. I'm glad you're back safely. To tell you the truth, I was a little nervous. I've been through worse than Havana. We both have. Yeah. When I didn't hear from you, I thought maybe Hassan had a lead. Maybe he knew you were coming. I was unsure of that myself, but it all worked out. Not for Hassan. No, not for him. - Thank you. - It's my job. A vicious murder. Ineni Hassan has been executed. We may never know who's responsible for this killing but what we do know is that after word of Hassan's death spread, this man was unusually busy. This is Minos Sakkoulas. He worked very closely with Hassan. Some thought him Hassan's second. For the past two days, Sakkoulas has been scrambling to make contact with Hassan's clients. Seems he aims to take over Hassan's work. - Do you think he had Hassan killed? - Perhaps. Or maybe he's just taking advantage. We intercepted this call last night. I know that before his death you were in talks with Mr Hassan. Yes, there was discussion of a certain package. I am in possession of the package. I'm taking bids right now. - The package? - Yes, the package. For months we've heard rumours of a device Hassan commissioned. We don't know what it is, but Hassan was an arms dealer with access to nuclear weapons. This is Club Panthera. It's Sakkoulas's cover. He keeps an office there. Sakkoulas has set up a meeting with potential clients, Thursday night at this club. Your job is to go to Greece, break into Sakkoulas's office, and retrieve the specs on this mysterious package. Marshall? Thank you. Actually, before... Did anyone see that documentary on monkeys last night? It was great. They did this sign... No-one... saw that. OK... What we've learned so far is that Sakkoulas has a biometric access panel on his office which requires a retinal scan in order to open, so we have high-resolution retina scanners. They work from up to about 30 feet. Now, Miss Bristow, you put these on, find the person whose retina you want, in this case Sakkoulas, make direct, solid eye contact with him. Look him right in the... eye, and then, Mr Dixon, you log on, and hit the scan key. That should take ten seconds, which I know is kind of a long time, but check this out... This is a silicone and fluoropolymer compound, creates a set of contact lenses that the retina reader will accept. And you guys really gotta check out that documentary on monkeys. I got a copy at home if... Not so bad here, is it? This is not the deal I agreed to. So, what can you tell me about the package? You're gonna have to help me out here. Under the Patriot Act of 2001, you're not going anywhere. So let's work together and I'll make your stay comfortable. There are some incredibly nice prisons in this country. Either that, or you don't cooperate, in which case you won't like your cell mates. You don't have to trust me, but it might save you some misery. What's the package? Listen. I have a wife and a son. They are targets. Not just SD-6. I have made many enemies in the past. You bring them to the United States, give them protection. You do that, and I'll tell you what you want to know. Everything. Let me make one thing clear. The extent to which I am willing to service you is to offer you a soda. No negotiations. No perks. You have nothing to gain here. - Then neither do you. - Think about that. - I don't have to. - I'll give you some time on it. Sydney. In Cuba, I should have said that... I wanted to say thank you... ...for coming. I know that was something that you... That you certainly didn't have to do. It's OK, Dad. Wait. There's something else. There are... There are so many things... that I should probably do. I mean, as a father. Things I should ask. And say. Dad. It's alright. Really. Hassan's not talking, so here's the plan. You use the lenses, get into Sakkoulas's office, record the specs. You, not Dixon. The compact's a camera, the lipstick's a voice recorder, and the lighter's a USB flash RAM drive. Whatever info you can get, get it for us. These are some unclassified designs for various weapons. Photograph these with the camera SD-6 gives you. You give them those when you get back. Thanks. Listen. About your father. I know you're reluctant to do anything. - I've thought a lot about it. - We have to report him to Langley. I could do it myself, but they'll need your testimony to make a case. He may have been KGB, but we don't know if he had a part in the murders. - You're kidding yourself. - The directives are 25 years old. There's no statute of limitation on murder. We need him right now. We will never destroy SD-6 without my father. Those code names in your father's books were people. And they risked their lives, all of them, for this country. And, yes, it might have been 25 years ago, but for each of those lives lost, others were destroyed. - I know. - No. You're not thinking of them. You're only thinking of yourself. You connected with your father for the first time. Turning him in means sacrificing that. I understand, but we have proof. We know who the victims are. You're holding them in your hands, and we know who the killer was. We both know the right thing to do. Yeah. Yes, my father probably got his KGB orders from the books, and yes, it looks like... my father was responsible for those deaths. But what you're asking me to do... I just need some time. Not a lot of time, not forever, just... Please. You won't do anything about this without me? Yes, my father probably got his KGB orders from the books, and yes, it looks like... my father was responsible for those deaths. I'm gonna need another set of eyes. I'm working on it. I'm in. Give me a second to locate Sakkoulas. OK, found him. He's through the glass door to your left. He's looking right at me. Have you got anything yet? I can't lock on the retinas. The lights are disrupting the signal. Get closer. - How much closer? - In this lighting? How's two inches? Great. I understand you're the owner of the club. You are American. God bless America. I'm getting it. Hold him for 10 seconds. Your dancers... suck. Suck! You think you could do a better job? Sir. Your 11 o'clock just arrived. - He's waiting by the pool-side bar. - No good. - We didn't get a reading yet. - I have a very important meeting. But follow me. I'll be back in ten minutes. I can't wait. Got it. I have the contacts. Meet me by the rest rooms. Excuse me, I have to go. - Mr Sakkoulas invites you to stay. - I need a drink. We'll be happy to have it brought here. I'd rather get it myself. I think you will be more comfortable if you stay. Really? Do you? - You OK? - Yeah. Except I'm locked in this pervert's room. I'm closer to the office, and I have the contacts. No, Dixon, I wanna do this. I'll download the package blueprints from Sakkoulas's computer. - No, Dixon! - Just get out in one piece! - Meet you outside when I'm done. - Damn it! Are you auditioning to be a dancer? Or a bouncer? I can't quite decide if you're my... taste. Sydney! Syd, let's go. How's the food? So, Mr Hassan, you've had some time to think about it. - Do you wanna help me out? - Screw you. - Screw me. - Screw you. I don't talk to you unless you show me respect. In 20 minutes, you'll be shipped to a top-security prison outside LA. By 5pm, you're gonna be someone's after-dinner mint. So unless you start cooperating with me real fast, respect is gonna be the least of your problems. Wait. You still refuse to help get my family out of Argentina. I told you. That's not part of the deal. But, if you help me out, I'll make sure you stay comfortable. OK. I have a stockpile of weapons, not in Egypt. I knew that's where my enemies would look. The package and other weapons are in a silo in Greece, on the isle of Crete. - He licked my face. - I understand. No, he licked my face! And you wanna know the worst part? Because of him, I didn't succeed. Because of him, Dixon accessed the information. The CIA got nothing, and SD-6 got what they wanted. I wanna go to Crete myself, find the stockpile and bring back the package. It's not the right time to send you anywhere without SD-6's knowledge. We did that with Cuba. It's dangerous. My father can give Sloane the intel, and we'll make it an SD-6 mission. OK. That's not why I called you. I know. Listen, if... If we turn in my father, that'll jeopardise what you and I are doing. Yes, my father probably got his KGB orders from the books, and yes, It looks like my father was responsible for those deaths. I knew turning in your father would be too difficult, so I made this tape last time we were together. I was gonna play it for Devlin, maybe use it in court. I couldn't bring myself to do it. I'm only telling you this because... I thought I owed you that for some reason. I know this is a personal thing for you. The idea of reporting your father is... a horrible position to be in. But it's a personal thing for me too, Sydney. Those files I showed you of the CIA officers who were killed? I left one out. I made an appointment to meet Devlin on Monday, to report your father. Are you with me? What's up? - Is Jenny here? - What? No, no. Come on. Come on in. What's wrong? Come here. Tell me what's wrong. I just wanna stay here for a while. If that's OK. Of course. Dad, I know you've made mistakes. We both have. And I know, given the chance, you'd go back and take a different path. That you'd right the things you did wrong. My point is, something went wrong last week, and I have the chance to correct it, but I need your help. Please. You have to make Sloane believe that you've received intel about Hassan's weapons stockpile. Arvin, I just received some intel. I think we've found Hassan's weapons stockpile. This is an EM refractor, used to cloak missiles. It's being stored on the island of Crete. Through your father's Middle-Eastern contacts we know where to go. Good work. Go to Marshall. Get him to review the op tech. - You leave in the morning. - OK. - Sakkoulas is leaving the bunker. - We have him on satellite relay. - See any guards? - Hassan says there won't be any. That place is made to look abandoned. The refractor is secured underground. Copy that. Go infrared. - It's clear. - Syd, you're clear. OK, I'm in. Where to? There's a stairwell on your left. Go down to the lower level. It's a dead end. There is a valve up on the left. She needs to turn it clockwise. Syd, turn to your left. There's a valve. Turn it clockwise. Copy. A panel will open. There's a keypad behind it. You should find a keypad. - What's the code? - Code? Pi to six digits. The code is three-one-four, one-five-nine. Where do I look? Hassan says to look for black shipping cases. I found the refractor. Vaughn, I think this is a setup! Vaughn, the room just went into lockdown. - What the hell did you just do? - I gave you the wrong code. Your agent has activated an anti-intruder device. In a few seconds, the room will be filled with gasoline. Exactly one minute after that, a flame will ignite. - Vaughn, talk to me. - Give me the deactivation code. Vaughn! Not until I have an agreement, in writing, signed by your superiors, guaranteeing that my family will be allowed entrance into your witness protection programme. Give me the code, you sonovabitch, or I pull the trigger. I have no doubt that's true. - Start typing. - Me? - You misspelt Ineni. - Shut up. - Mr Devlin. - What is this? I need your signature on a protection order for Ineni Hassan's family or Sydney Bristow will die. Give me the code. Seven, six, six, one, five, three. The code is seven, six, six, one, five, three. Vaughn, thank you. Don't shoot. The room is full of gasoline. What the hell are you doing here? - You're amazing. - I am not. You did a great job. - Sure you're ready to meet Devlin? - Yeah. OK. Taxi will pick you up at 3 o'clock, corner of Westward and Wiltshire, and get you into the agency through the underground garage. OK. You sure you're alright? - It's a big meeting. - I know. I don't get it. This is CIA Director Devlin, Deputy Director Tucker, Executive Director Kirstner, and senior officers Hayley, Stafford, and Colin. I knew weeks ago that my file had been pulled, and that you were suspicious of my activities 25 years ago regarding the KGB. When I learned that you had scheduled a meeting with Mr Devlin regarding... my history, I knew that it was time. Let me say in advance, I'm sorry to make this such a public display. But it's important to do this in front of these people because they already know the truth. And because I didn't think that you would believe me otherwise. Those Cyrillic codes you found in those books? Yes, they were orders from the KGB, and, yes... ...they were orders to kill. An agent received those orders and carried them out. Murdered officers of the CIA. Including your father, Mr Vaughn.