The system's database won't find a match. Well, then, let's begin. You've cleared their systems. We're United States agents. Lock down your vault. You're being robbed. - Sloane. - Hold your fire. We've rigged the lower level with enough C-4 to level the entire city block. So I suggest that you both lower your guns. You, my dear, will be driving me out of here. Stand down. Let Agent Bristow leave with the suspect. He's holding the detonator and we have a clear shot. No. You make one move and one of his operatives will detonate the explosive. He's got the area under satellite surveillance. That means let Sloane go and don't tail him until we get this stuff defused. There's a current running through here. If we cut the wires, we'll break the circuit. There's a fail-safe. The only way to take this out is to disrupt the electronics. We need the water cannon. The remote detonator operates on a radio frequency. Wouldn't it be faster to find out what that frequency is and just jam it? Yes, but accessing the frequency might trigger an explosion. There's got to be a way to block it. Not unless you have some way to encase the detonator in concrete. This is Agent Vaughn. Get me the bank manager now. I told you not to come after me, Sydney. I warned you that I will kill you if you interfere. If you knew what I have in here, if you knew what my plans are... This is bigger than SD-6, Sydney, than the CIA. Than you being deceived by me, than me being betrayed by you... If things were different... The safe, it's a Friedland, model 42C. OK, here we go. Friedland, Friedland, Friedland, Friedland. OK, got it. Constructed with three inches of high-density concrete, surrounded by heavy-gauge steel. - Will it block the signal? - I don't know. That depends on the detonator. How big's the antenna? About an inch, inch and a half. Then it's probably transmitting at... divided by the speed of light, times one fourth... - Marshall? - Three gigahertz. Which means you should have enough shielding so the signal can't get through. Should have or have? - Have. - Thank you. Right, tell Kendall to start tracking Sydney in five minutes. She'll be in a Ford Focus. - You know what model? - ZX5. - What colour? - Blue. Why? Oh, no, I was just curious. I was thinkin' about getting one myself. You know, lower it a little, get some big tyres, rims, gold rims, and... Hello? Syd, we've shielded the detonator. The bomb cannot be triggered. Sloane can't know this. A team will intercept your car in five minutes. Change of plans. ETA, five minutes. The CIA has a hit list. 35 people worldwide its agents are allowed to kill. 35 out of six billion. You're one of 'em. Which means, when I kill you, I won't even be breaking the law. You jump, you die. Officials with AMCORP are hiding behind Swiss banking laws to avoid telling us what Sloane stole from the bank. For the moment, his trail has gone cold. In other words, we don't have a plan. I mean, it's true, isn't it? We've got nothing. May I remind you, Miss Bristow, that Sloane was last seen in your custody? I was in his custody. He was holding hostages... You had the option to take him out. You chose not to exercise it. I chose not to incinerate 300 innocent people. Are you telling me you think I made the wrong choice? I think we should just stick to what we know. Sloane is holding Neil Caplan hostage for the purpose of building some sort of a weapon. Presumably, what he took from AMCORP is helping him do that. But, you see, we don't know that because we lost Sloane. And the reason we lost Sloane is because he had something we didn't: satellite surveillance. And if we tasked one bird to follow him after we defused the bomb - we would have caught him by now. - The satellites were tasked elsewhere... See, that's my point. We didn't take advantage of the situation. No, we prioritised. What's the point of strategising if we're not willing... - We're doing everything we can do. - No, we're not. We're not even close. I need a progress report. Caplan says he's a day away. We took the magnetometer from AMCORP to expedite the construction of the Rambaldi device. My flight is the day after tomorrow. It needs to be completed before then. I believe Caplan to be a man of his word. Mr Caplan is only assisting us because he believes we're holding his family hostage. If what he's putting together is as powerful as I believe it to be, I don't want him anywhere near it when it's operational. I'll conduct the preliminary test myself. You do that by tomorrow. - I love the Zamboni. - The Zamboni's your favourite part? No, coming home with you after the game is my favourite part. The Zamboni was a close second. - Hello? - Hey. Kendall has something he wants to show you. - Can it wait? - Apparently not. - He wants Sydney too. Are you with her? - No, I haven't seen her. - You're in bed with her now, aren't you? - I'm trying. Just find out what he wants. Kendall? The Zamboni's your favourite part? Could you at least try and pay attention? Vaughn, can you hear me? No, coming home with you after the game is my favourite part. - Vaughn? - The Zamboni was a close second. We'll be there soon. Cleaning crew's on notice to sweep the apartment ASAP. I don't understand. How can the apartment be bugged? I have countermeasures. Will and I talk there sometimes about work. He needs to be told. Already being handled. We need to know who you've spoken with, what was said and what intelligence might have been compromised. Plus you need to compile a list of every person, friend, serviceman, delivery guy, mailman, who has been in or out of the apartment. Kendall's waiting for you. I'll take this to analysis. What do you mean, you bugged the apartment? It's not like I broke in and planted it myself. I made it. Here, take a look. Right there, I soldered into the circuit board. Can you see that? - What is that? - It's a Superman logo. Except this one's got an M on it. It's kind of my signature. When I used to work at SD-6, I made it special for Sloane. It operates using an MD-14 data adaptor, which cloaks the signal, making it undetectable by bug-killers. I know, I know. I'm that good. Which is bad. Vaughn said he heard it repeat his conversation through his cellphone. Right, well, this is a burst transmitter. It periodically transmits what is recorded to a receiver. Can you reverse-engineer the signal, find out where the conversations were being transmitted to? Well, if the transmitter records the phone number that it sends the conversations to, yeah, I guess it's possible. Then do it. "Please" would be nice. That's all right. Never mind. Caplan finished early this morning. The Rambaldi device is complete. I ran the test. I think you'll be pleased with the results. We agreed to combine our resources, sir. You promised you'd show me incredible things. But a suitcase neutron bomb designed in the 16th century, is that even a theoretical possibility? Forgive the mode of transportation. A person in my position cannot be too cautious. I understand. Our mutual friend, Mr Dreyfus... He sends his respects. Let me pay you the courtesy of being blunt. I don't do business with Americans. I'm a man with no country. And few alliances. All I have is a vision of an enterprise that will influence an existing world order that I believe to be corrupt. I'm looking for partners who share that view. I am but a humble shepherd. Whose control of the opium trade along the Silk Road is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. In this part of the world, it's better to be practical than visionary. Why should I invest in your enterprise? Ah, that, my friend, is a long discussion. First, my gift. It once belonged to Khushal Khan Khattak, the great 17th-century warrior-poet. He united our lands. He is a hero to my people. This is a treasure. Tell me more about what you have planned. Hey. So, how's it going? - I'm good. - No, I mean about Will. Is this gonna turn into a thing? What's goin' on? Have you slept with him? - No, not yet. - Will hasn't said a thing. He can't even look at me any more, he's so freaked out. You know, Sydney, you've been acting sort of weird lately. Really? And I thought you'd been acting weird. I thought maybe it was because of Will. You don't talk to me any more. I'm sorry, Francie. I just get so caught up in work. Don't forget, we used to be really good friends. You can talk to me. - Hello? - Get in here now. OK. - Who was that? - Someone from the bank. There's a problem with a client in Tokyo. I have to go in. See ya. - Hello? - They found the bugs. How should I proceed? They'll be looking for our LA asset. - Give 'em someone. - I'll take care of it. - Send a copy of that to Kendall. - Vaughn. Is it Sloane? Did Marshall get a location by reverse-engineering the bug? It works on an encrypted feed. It was untraceable. But we got a lead on Sloane another way. An asset outside Kandahar reported seeing someone matching Sloane's description in the company of men loyal to Ahmad Kabir, the Pashtun warlord who played footsie with the Taliban. When they ran, so did he, except we don't know exactly where. We believe Kabir's men took Sloane somewhere in the Helmand Valley. Last year Sloane assigned an SD-6 agent to infiltrate Kabir's Helmand operation and intercept routing information regarding a shipment of Soviet surface-to-air missiles. Sloane stole a shipment of missiles from Kabir, but now they're meeting? - What am I missing? - Kabir has no idea who Sloane is. The agent he assigned got in and out undetected. Who was the agent? Marcus Dixon. None of the records we acquired from SD-6 detailed that mission and everything that Jack knows, now you know. The only person who can help us is Dixon. Who has made it clear that he has no interest in cooperating with us. Well, you're just gonna have to change his mind. I want a full briefing on Kabir by our analysts. I don't think you appreciate Dixon's sense of betrayal. Correct me if I'm wrong, Agent Bristow, but only yesterday you were standing here complaining that we're not doing enough to find Sloane. If you do nothing and we lose him this time, you'll have only yourself to blame. Marcus doesn't want to see you. And, for what it's worth, neither do I. I know, Diane, I do. I promise you I wouldn't be here if it wasn't important. What good are your promises? Right. - Hello, Sydney. - Hi. I need some information. - I can't help you. - Look, five minutes. - All I need is a location. - He said no. Look, it could mean the end of Sloane. Sloane's with Ahmad Kabir. All I need to know is where Kabir operates from. These are bad people. They need to be stopped. Not by my husband, they don't. The Agency might try to compel you to tell them what you know. If they do, I'll tell them what I'm telling you. We've made a decision, as a family, to move on. - Do you own a suit? - A suit? Yeah, one. - Put it on. - Why? What's going on? You've only been doing analysis a short time, but your written briefs are good, one of them on Ahmad Kabir. The director wants an oral presentation. - Wait. An oral, like, in person? - Yeah, just give him talking points. - I'm a writer. - Well, it's not really a request. - I don't talk, I write. - It's part of your job. Do you know Sammy's Red Hots? - Sure. Santa Monica and 17th. - Yeah. Be there in one hour. - Order the special and no pickles. - I like pickles. You'll be led out back, where a windowless van'll be waiting to take you to operations. If I'm going to be talking to the director, is that a big deal? - Yeah. - Oh, God. It's from the 16th century. It is a carving of an Arhat, a "worthy one". In Buddhist tradition, an Arhat is the "destroyer of the enemy". How is it you know so much? I'm a collector. This piece is very special. You want a partner, someone to invest in an incredibly ambitious global enterprise, which is, at best, a risky proposition. What you offer in exchange, to be my... to be my Arhat... I need some assurance that you can deliver on that promise. Oh, naturally. And that's why I'm fully prepared to give you a demonstration. I leave it to you to choose the target. - No suit, huh? - It's been a while since I tried it on. Or worked out, apparently. Which makes me overwhelmed and fat. Will Tippin, Professors Joyce and Fleming. They flew in last night from the Kennedy School. I'll go tell the others we're ready. The Kennedy School. Where is that? Harvard. That's right. Our objective today is simple: to identify a person or persons who can give us the exact location of Ahmad Kabir's Helmand Valley operation. Despite the American-backed government, the geopolitical reality of Afghanistan is that it's still defined by ethnic rivalries. The simplest way to find a Pashtun like Kabir is to first find an enemy willing to sell him out. Sharif Rabani is on record as accusing Kabir's Pashtun supporters of engaging in ethnic cleansing. I'm sure we'll have no problem getting him to lead us to him. Then why hasn't he? Well, the point is, yeah, they hate each other, but they probably hate us more. I mean, since 9-11, haven't we paid guys like this millions of dollars for information and gotten almost nothing in return? Are you prepared to make an alternate recommendation? Yes, actually, I am. All I have are these photographs. Sydney... This woman's name is Aliyah Kazabi. She's married to an administrator with the Vatican embassy in Mexico City. Aliyah Kazabi used to be Aliyah Kabir. She's Kabir's ex-wife. Since the Taliban got booted, a woman can have her marriage annulled if it's determined that she was forced or sold into that marriage against her will, according to court records. - You found court records? - Yeah. They're published on the Net. I realise that there's nothing geopolitically correct about my analysis, but in the hell-hath-no-fury department I figure this woman would pay us to mess with her ex. I mean, she hates him so much that she sent their son into hiding with her relatives. I'll get you that Web address. You should check it out. OK, I'll alert our station chief in Mexico City. Vaughn and Bristow, you will leave in one hour. We need to protect this woman. No one can know the CIA's contacted her. You'll go under an alias. Kabir has chosen his target: his ex-wife. We're using the device on Aliyah Kazabi? You'll be briefed en route to Mexico City. You'll leave at once. Surveillance confirms Kazabi's in the administrative wing adjacent to the church. Now, according to Caplan's calculations of the running requirements, we need 20 million watts to reach that section of the building. 20 per cent of its capacity. Yes, that should give us coverage of the entire embassy. But, sir, if Caplan's off by even a microtesla, this could go very wrong. - Do it. - That's easy for you to say, sir. - You're 8,000 miles away. - I'll wait to hear from you. I'm approaching the steps. - I'm in. - All right, Kazabi works on the first floor. Can I help you? I'm not here to hurt you. I work for American Intelligence. I need some information about your ex-husband. I know you're worried about retribution for leaving him and taking his son. That's why I've come in secret. No one knows I'm here. No one will ever know that you've talked with me. I'm searching for a man, a horrible, dangerous man. He's with your ex-husband at his residence in the Helmand Valley. I need to know exactly where that is. Vaughn, can you hear me? Vaughn? - Yeah, what is it? What's wrong? - We just had an Echelon intercept. Key words were picked up: terrorists, weapons of mass destruction... But are you ready for this? Rambaldi. - Did you get coordinates? - Yeah, yours. We don't know when it's happening, but you're not waiting there for us to find out. Get out, now. - I cannot help you. - Sydney, we have to get out of here, now. There's gonna be some sort of an attack. A car bomb, a suicide bomb, I don't know. But I'm alerting the embassy. They're gonna start an evacuation. There's a door at the end of the administration corridor. Meet me there. You have to come with me. It's for your own safety. I told you, I won't help. You seeing this? We picked up a hotspot. - Where? - It's directly behind you. It's huge. - What? What is it? - Some kind of a fire, something burning. Listen to me. It's this inferno and it's right behind you. - You don't see it? - There's nothing. Is he seeing people, buildings, what? Wait, wait, wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. It disappeared. It's gone. - Gone? What do you mean, gone? - I don't know. It just disappeared. Let's go back. I'll tell you where to find my husband. 62 people are confirmed dead in what government officials are calling the worst act of terrorism in Mexico City in a decade. Some people describe it as an act of God, though local officials are still investigating the matter... All of the victims were incinerated beyond recognition. Absent positive identification, a list of presumed dead was published. Your ex is on the list. - What is this? - A small token of appreciation. No, no. This is too much. - I cannot accept this. - I saw you admire it, and deservedly so. You have destroyed my enemy. You are in every way my Arhat. I will have 40 million wired tomorrow to the account of your choosing. Video surveillance places Sark at the scene of the attack in Mexico City. Subsequent to the attack, intel tracked him as far as Kabul. Here's what we can assume: Sloane dispatched Sark to carry out his mission. Now that it's complete, Sark has returned to his master. And thanks to Ms Kazabi, we now know where that is. The plan is for you to lead a tactical unit into the Helmand. You'll parachute into the compound, effect a roof access, steal the weapon and signal for backup. You know how people are describing it, don't you? They're calling it a doomsday device. Saying it's the first sign of the coming Armageddon. Like the devil himself rose up to attack that church. Excuse me. If I may offer a scientific explanation, I think it might help the... Hi, everybody. It's good to... That's a really nice suit. - OK, come on. - Right. What we're dealing with is a high-energy pulse weapon. Now, thanks to an Echelon intercept, we were able to retask a KH-12 satellite over the area, and this is what we found: OK, the blue dots, those are the people in the church before. Now, this is what the infrared picked up after. The body temperature of everyone in the affected area increased by over 2,000 degrees - they literally melted from the inside out. And nothing else in the church was affected? Well, that's because it works like a microwave. It excites water and fat molecules, which don't exist in inorganic materials, and then it converts them into atomic motion, or heat. You said everyone in the radius was affected. Even people who were taking cover? Yeah, well, there's no defence against this kind of energy. It goes through walls, concrete, steel, everything. - There's no shield? - No, sorry. Oh, I should probably also tell you that this kind of energy knocks out computer circuitry, which means if it's pointed at the sky, it could take down planes. What concerns me is that Sloane knows this kind of use of force is a deliberate provocation that demands a swift response. And yet he exercised it on the ex-wife of a petty warlord. Why? Got the inventory back from the cleaners. They found audio and video transmitters, all next-gen stuff. - Video? - Yeah. In the TV in your bedroom. We're investigating everyone you've listed as being in your apartment. So far they're all clean. Hello? - Hey, it's me. - Hey. I know we had plans for tonight, but I have to work. What you have to do is quit that job of yours. - Fran, I'm sorry. - It's OK. The truth is, I probably wasn't going to be able to make it anyway. - So you don't wanna kill me? - No, of course not. You know, can we talk about this later? I'm kind of in the middle of something. Yeah, yeah, I'll call you later. Bye. OK, you remember that movie <i>Predator,</i> when Schwarzenegger was being chased by that crab who could only see in thermal? - No. - No, you never saw that? It was a great movie. Schwarzenegger... it was one of his better movies. <i>Twins... </i> Listen. Anyway, Kabir's security cameras, they work the same way. They read heat signatures, which is kind of a problem cos, well, you're incredibly hot. See? Yeah? Now, the solution I have devised is you parachute onto the roof, you rip off your tactical gear, and then you slip on this baby. Now, it's part of a cold suit. It's all black, it's formfitting, and it will bring your body back down to room temperature. Yep. Put these babies on... So, as long as I'm covered, the security cameras can't see me? Yeah, you'll be the invisible woman. See? I'm on the eastern stairs. All right, go right at the bottom. According to his ex, Kabir keeps weapons and ammunitions in a storage room at the end of the hall. There's no door. - What? - Work's been done. Maybe this place was bombed in the war and had to be reconfigured. - You mean your intel's worthless? - There has to be another way in. I've been made. Sydney's been compromised. You have to order the tac unit in after her. - Did she defuse the weapon? - What difference does that make? Kabir's been alerted. If he's got the weapon, he'll use it. - Issue the order. - You heard Marshall. There's no defence against it. - If you don't issue it, I will. - The tac unit wouldn't stand a chance. - We can't just leave her there. - Unless we can find another way in, I'm afraid that's all we can do. I don't think we've been formally introduced. My name's Michael Vaughn. I work with Sydney. - I'm out. - Sydney's in trouble. - Respect my decision. - I can't do that. Not when your decision may cost Sydney her life. You wouldn't tell Sydney how you infiltrated Kabir's, so she found an alternate way in, using what turned out to be faulty intel. She was captured, and unless we find another confirmed access point, no one will be sent in to get her out. - It's not that simple. - Yes, it is. You will either help save Sydney's life or you won't. Please leave. I can't do that. Not until I get your answer. Admit you are CIA. Submit to a videotape acknowledging you are here in violation of international law. Condemn the Great Satan and maybe I will spare your life. Sydney, tell him what he wants to hear. Or this will not end well. You know, in many ways... I'll always consider you my proudest accomplishment. Please, Sydney. Unfortunately, I can't do anything about this. Bye, Sydney. Have you reconsidered? Admitting you're CIA? Perhaps you need a little incentive. Enough. My house guests have left and it seems there's nothing more for us to discuss. The cartilage that lets the kneecap slide around does not regenerate, which you should know in advance of this. You OK? I don't understand. How did you find a way in? Let's go. Let's go. We got the device. - Sloane? - No. This way. Good work. - I was lucky. - You got the weapon. - We've saved countless lives. - Yeah. I didn't get Sloane, or figure out what the hell he's doing with Kabir. We found these on a plumber whose name you gave us. He was murdered. He's either responsible for the bugs in your apartment, or he was set up. At the moment it's a dead end. I'm glad you're home. - Hi. - Hi. I know I say this to you a lot. Thank you. I can't judge you for not telling me about SD-6. If I had been in your position, I can't say I wouldn't have done the same. What's going on with Diane? I don't know. The Kings are in town on Friday night. You could watch the Zamboni. What we saw... at the church. And every time we think we've seen the worst... We talk of power and control. But when we create an incredibly powerful weapon, you leave it in the hands of a complete stranger.