I was sworn to secrecy, but I couldn't keep it from my fiancé. And when the head of SD-6 found out, he had him killed. That's when I learned the truth, SD-6 is not part of the CIA. I'd been working for the people I thought I was fighting. I went to the only place that could help me take them down. Now, I'm a double agent for the CIA, where my handler is Michael Vaughn. Only one other person knows what I do. Another double agent in SD-6. Someone I hardly know. My father. - Hi. I'm Will Tippin. - David McNeil. - Why are we here? - I'm researching something. It's called SD-6. I don't have anything to say about that. Why don't you just tell me what you know? It's been a mystery within the agency for over two decades, who murdered those CIA officers. We have our answer now. It was your father. And I'm going to report him. Those Cyrillic codes you found in those books, yes, they were orders from the KGB, and, yes, they were orders to kill. Including your father, Mr Vaughn. But, Sydney, I was not that agent. Your mother was. Sydney. Wait. - Don't lose control over this. - This is no time to lecture me. - I know how it feels. - No. You've had a lot longer to make sense of this. There was a time when this was news to me, too. Your mother was sent to the United States to steal secrets from a ranking officer of the CIA. How she and I happened to meet, how she supposedly fell in love... ...I thought it was all true. But it was just a setup. Even her wanting to have a family? Was that just part of the plan, too? TWO DIE IN IC Y COLLISION Something happens when you discover the truth about someone. I know a little about this. The truth changes everything. There's this woman. A personality, like a collage I've put together, from the photographs and the few memories I have. The scraps of stories I've heard. The clothes of hers I've got. Her books. And none of it's real. She wasn't that woman at all, she was... She was a horrible person... ...who killed your father. Vaughn, I just wanted to say... ...that I'm so sorry. - We've lost coverage on the garage. - Any signs of forced entry? Negative from gate control. I'll check it out. While you're at it, grab me a coffee. Two sugars. You know about any AC repairs? Negative. - I don't want this job any more. - That's why your doing what you do. You're helping bring an end to SD-6. - Not any more. - Sydney. I need someone in my life to be real. This, right here, what we do, is real. Look where we are. This isn't real. This isn't what we should be doing. - I want out. - Out? - You want the protection programme? - No. I'm not going to hide. - If you don't, Sloane will kill you. - I don't think he will. - You like hockey? The Kings? - Yeah. How'd you...? The pen in your briefcase. It's a Kings' pen. - Yeah, I got that... - They play the Islanders next week. We should go. Sydney, you can't do this. Here's the appeal filed by McNeil's lawyer last year. I found out that SD-6 is an ingredient in artificial sweeteners. But that's probably not the SD-6 you're talking about. - Does my voice annoy you? - Your voice? I was going over this interview with Eloise Kurtz. I thought of McNeil. He had a look in his eyes as I interviewed him. His lawyer was the same. You're a journalist. You get paid to be annoying. - So, I'm annoying? - Not to Danny or Eloise Kurtz. - Not to dead people? - You're their champion. What if I'm hurting these people? If I could bring back Danny and Eloise, I would. But I can't. And if championing them is going to cause David McNeil's daughter to be in danger, I can't live with that. I don't think I can do this any more, this SD-6 story. I'm out. Right on time. How do I look? Yes, will you get me my wife's doctor on the phone, please? Dr Mendelson is on line one. Sir? Hey there, beautiful. Why don't you turn that frown upside down? Sydney. - This is suicide. - I don't think so. What exactly is your exit strategy? Politely asking Sloane to let you out of SD-6? Based on his behaviour, protecting me in Denati Park, assaulting Russek... Sloane answers to people. People who don't know or care about you. If he lets you go, those people will eliminate him, and you. Cole. The people Sloane works for, the Alliance. If you abandon them, they'll kill anyone they think you've talked to. Your roommate, Francie. That reporter friend of yours. Anyone. Let me guess, you forgot the two sugars. We have a physical breach. Start lockdown procedure. Sure thing, Arvin. Whatever you say. I felt this way before I learned about my mother. This life has to stop. Dead. But a blackout wouldn't shut down security. - Tippin. - Go to your desk. I'm off the story. Leave the bathroom and go to your desk. Will Tippin's office. Yeah, he's right here. Some guy, totally nasal. Clips on the housing story. Litvack wants 2,000 words by noon tomorrow. Hello? There's something inside the envelope to make McNeil talk. - I don't wanna make him talk. - You said you didn't scare easily. If you're so brave, lose the voice box and tell me your name. Don't call me again. Five minutes ahead. Get 'em wrapped up, baby. Chopper, secure the elevator. Have you got the scanning-room door code? Got it. You will stay down. - You jammin'? - I'm jammin'. Wanna get a pizza? That new place? No, thanks. Sydney wants to quit SD-6. Which she knows she just can't do. It's a weird thing, you know, learning how your father died. It's always been this intellectual idea I had, knowing he died, just not having any details. You want some space, or are we gonna get drunk? There's this bar, you won't even remember it tomorrow. - What a day. - Why do you say that? Come on. Bristow's mom? Your dad? It's no secret round here. Vaughn, it really sucks. - Well put. - Barnett's gonna be good for you. - I'm not seeing Barnett. - You are. She wants to see you. Come on. You're Bristow's handler. You hear her mom killed your dad. She's a shrink. She lives for crisis management. I think she'll be good for you. I like thick crust, if you want me to come. We don't. Did you know about Barnett? Still can't get a signal. Whoever's down there could be jamming the frequencies. Emergency lockdown procedures. The elevator is returning to SD-6. The doors will automatically open. Elevator secure. The advantages of high-level clearance. Let's go. How could K-Directorate overpower 50 trained agents? If K-Directorate attacks SD-6, they know SD-6 will return the favour. The team that's invaded SD-6 isn't working for any organisation we know. My guess is they're working for a group, clearly unpredictable and dangerous. Hand me that cable. Now plug it in. There are 600 cameras hidden throughout SD-6. Oh, my God. - Look at that hardware. - Latest military spec. Extended magazines, compensators, laser sights. - I see four. - And there's a fifth. I wanna talk to you. That's the sick part. Catch up and stuff. So much has happened these last five years. And this place, it hasn't changed. But you, you look... ...older. But that's good. Your hair... looks good. You know what the worst part is? Being left for dead in Grozny, Arvin? Well, you're going to learn the worst part. But another part that sucks is seeing guys you worked with, guys you thought were tougher than deer jerky, tortured to death. That's no good. The most ironical part for me is we did the damn job. We blew that pipeline to hell first night we landed. But you know me, Arvin. - You know this guy? - I know the operation. Sloane sent a team to Chechnya to destroy the Shali Oil Pipeline. There were complications. They were captured by the Russians. And if that chopper had been where you know it should have been... ...my whole life would have taken a different direction. What do you want? I got this really kick-ass new job. See, I'm working for this gentleman they call The Man. You will learn about The Man. What The Man wants is a certain little something. Something you got in the SD-6 vault. Well, you initiated lockdown. Not only is the vault secure, the vault access room is locked now, too. Don't worry about the vault access room, we're taking care of that. What I need is the combination to the vault. Not a chance. That's cool. You still got that room downstairs? The conversation room? That's what you used to call it, right? "Torture room" is like you admit what you're doing down there. So, Arvin, let's go to the conversation room. Check this. People victimised by a developer, using his political connections to have their homes condemned. We go in, shed light on the subject, protect the little guy, no one gets hurt. I have to go interview the developer now. - So, no more McNeil? - No. Interesting. - Hiya. - Hi. - Michael Vaughn, we've met. - I remember. Judy Barnett. - Have a seat. - Thanks. - You got my voicemail? - Yeah. I have nothing against shrinks. Well, good. But I think this might be a waste of time. You know we've learned that Sydney Bristow's mother was a KGB agent who killed my father, among others. - Yes. - Which is not ideal news, obviously. And, yes, it's emotional, but I already knew he was killed. And it happened almost 20 years ago. So, I really don't think I require crisis management. There's no crisis. Everything you say to me I will keep confidential. OK. I wanted to talk to you about your relationship with Ms Bristow. How often do you meet with Sydney? Couple of times a week. Three or four, sometimes. Only about operations? We have met on occasions, when Sydney wanted to talk to me about what was happening in SD-6, or regarding her father, when she believed he was a KGB agent, not her mother. You and Sydney have a friendship? She needs someone to talk to, you'll appreciate that. I'm the only person she can confide in. You feel your relationship with Ms Bristow is fully appropriate, that it falls within the guidelines of agent and handler? What are you asking me? I have gotten reports about your behaviour... Reports? From who? After the incident in Tuscany when you sent in a team to protect Sydney... I've been following your work, mostly good. Thank you. That's very nice. Did you purchase a Christmas present for Agent Bristow? I am not familiar, Dr Barnett, with the regulations... ...preventing officers from observing with co-workers a widely recognised holiday such as Christmas. - May I ask what the gift was? - Tell me who's been reporting me. - I can't do that. - Then I'm going to have to guess. Endo, what's up? Where are we? I need status. Almost done drilling. Then we'll start packing explosives. Those other two, where the hell did they go? We'll be in the vault in 10 minutes. - What do they want from the vault? - Could be anything. Why was Sloane sending you to Taiwan? FTL acquired scud launchers. I'm to scramble their launch codes. - Marshall's working on a device. - He showed it me last week. - What does it look like? - Why? Sloane has activated the emergency fail-safe. There are 500 pounds of C4 within this building's substructure. Opening the vault will trigger that C4. All underground levels will collapse, burying any evidence that the Los Angeles cell of SD-6 ever existed. You want to scramble the vault codes. Can you see the scrambler in Marshall's office? There. It's that compact on his desk. It's not far from the air vent. But getting into his office is too much of a risk. So, then... ...we fish for it. They took us to their base in Khankala. And after 38 straight days of beatings, they finally began interrogating me. They took me into a room. They tied me to a chair. They asked me questions about Islamic rebels and where they kept Russian POWs. I told them, "I'm just a kid from Redondo Beach running black ops for Uncle Sam. Get it? I'm an American citizen." Well, that senior Russian officer, he didn't want any of that action. He had the KGB contact Langley, through front and back channels. CIA claimed they'd never heard of me. They denied all knowledge of any operative by the name of McKenas Cole. So, when that Russian got off the phone, he was so pissed. He was so insane with rage. That was when he showed me this. Baby. Watch the security feeds. If I'm caught, get out as fast as you can. Wait! You're not doing this. - Of course I am. - No. You'll have to crawl through a maze of shafts to the scrambler, get to the vault, then scramble the code, in under ten minutes. No offence, but, Dad, I'm doing this. Get to the vault and use the scrambler, and stay low. I know how to use the scrambler. I can't believe, of all things, we're saving SD-6. Want to see what's inside? I know you do. I'll open it. Want me to? You're going to give me the combination to the SD-6 vault. And if you don't, I'm going to open this box. And, Arvin, trust me when I tell you... ...you do not want me to open this box. - Will Tippin? - Yeah. Thank God. You're the third guy I've introduced myself to. Maitre d' is giving me an evil look. I'm sorry, are you with Carla D'Angelo's office? - Who? - The developer. The woman I'm supposed to meet here. On my voicemail you said you were doing a story about my dad. About your dad? Yeah. David McNeil. I... I never called you. Now, I don't know what you know... With my father? I know everything. - Well, we never talked. - OK, maybe, but we're talking now. No, this, here, this never happened. Your dad, I don't know him, he seems like a good guy. He's the best. I think he knows what's best and he does not want us talking. Who does? Goodbye. What's your problem, Haladki? Reporting me? No, you have the problem. This might shock you but my business isn't yours. - I'm looking out for the agency. - Then quit. Stay out of my way. Did you feel good saying I got Sydney a gift? - You're too attached to her. - Like you'd know anything about it. - Your judgement's impaired. - I'll kick your ass. - You're out of line. - You are. Stay out of my operations. Who's out of control, Vaughn? Me? Did you see that? Everyone see that? That's what I'm talking about. No, come on. Explosives in place. Activating detonator. - We're in. - Excellent! Arvin, here's the deal. We are in the vault. Two things. One, you don't give us the codes, we got the tech to get in anyway. It'll just take a while. And two, you give us the codes, I won't have to open the box, which would be really excellent for you. Am I the first person to have difficulty taking you seriously? Well, while that was a moderately clever retort... ...l'm the man holding the box. Have you ever regretted being born? That's a pretty thing to experience. Regret at having emerged from your mother's womb. I mean, I've had some dark days, but nothing close to regretting the day I was born. Until I met... ...Ahgneh-niyeh Eeg-li. Needles of fire. No, Sydney, don't. Good. We need help here. This guy's having a seizure. Ice! Where the hell are you? I heard something back there. I'll go check it out. Oh, no. Excuse me. As luck would have it, I'm feeling a Stockholm Syndrome thing happening. There's this Cajun food place in Abita Springs, Louisiana. It's called Rocquemore's. You know what they're famous for? Making people cry. You know what makes them cry? The hot sauce. No one knows how they get that crap so hot. Legend has it that the devil comes by once a month and spits in their frying pan. The point being, the hot sauce at Rocquemore's is like a fluffy vanilla ice-cream cone when compared to what's in these. Each one is like you took a bag of red jalapenos, threw 'em in a blender, and used them for an enema. And, Arvin, you're about to get to know 'em. These needles, they're a whole lotta no fun. Wait. You have to have a pen. I know you said you don't want to talk, but... - I want to. I don't think we should. - Fine. Whatever. Then just listen. What I said before about knowing everything, that's not true, OK? I don't know what SD-6 is, and I don't know why the people who are a part of it destroyed my life. All I do know is that they killed my mother. And framed my father. Every time I say that, it's like, do people really exist who do things like that? And if so, isn't it our obligation to do something about it? Not if it means more innocent people get hurt. Which is why I'm here. You see, I know my dad won't talk because he's afraid of what will happen to me if he does. - Yeah. - Robert Stoller, my godfather, he knows people who can send me away, where they'll never find me. I'll be safe, so my dad won't have to be afraid any more. I can go now, tomorrow, whenever I know that someone's fighting for my father. So, please, if you can... ...just help my father. Please. Eight, five, nine, three. And three. Now, it takes the powder a few minutes to kick in. I can always take it out. So, Arvin, why don't you give us the real combination? Where are you? Three. - Access denied.