Anna Espinosa. I thought -- - She's supposed to be dead. - So are a lot of people. Here. Nice work. It was nice getting to know your sister. Get your hands off me. Dispatch, I need backup. She can have the blouse. I believe that if the two of you go out on this mission, and Anna Espinosa has her way, that only one of you will return home alive. - Let's take her. - Bad idea. I was hoping we could spend a little more -- Go! Why is the CRF assembling this bomb? What do they have planned? Oh, my god, I thought you were... Anna. The surgeons in Estonia got the bullet out. She's stabilized. But the internal bleeding was severe. They put her in a coma. Until she recovers minimum metabolic function. 48 hours at least, they say. I'm sorry. It was Anna Espinosa. She did this. Anna has got the bomb. We didn't stop her. I said I'm not to be bothered. I'll be right there. This is... classic. Is this really the only way to get intel on CRF? You disagree with my methods. Sloane signed an agreement with Langley. He's prohibited from engaging with certain operatives. Sark's on that list. Sark will only negotiate openly if he feels he's met his intellectual match. As acting director, I'll take full responsibility. Four years ago, if I'm not mistaken, you fooled a small army into thinking they worked for the CIA, when in fact they worked for you. How you convinced the U.S. Government into offering you the real thing is a story I'm dying to hear. Suffice to say, Arvin, you have my undying admiration. You recognize those men? They were going to help you escape our custody in Johannesburg. Turn the page. An abject lesson. This is what we will do to you if you refuse to cooperate. Now, how do we retrieve the bomb? The Cadmus Revolutionary Front is run by a man named Ushek San'ko. We worked together under my last employer. San'ko will be taking possession of the bomb shortly. I've got him. I told M. Vaughn in Johannesburg I would help you infiltrate CRF and retrieve this bomb from San'ko. And I promise you, I will. You have my word. Your word? Which has a considerably greater value than when you knew me last. Incarceration has given me a sense of... perspective. Well, I'll consider that. But first I have a demand. I've heard from unreliable sources that Lauren Reed is dead. Now I've filed numerous requests about her status. All have gone unanswered. What I want is to visit her grave. I want to see her body for myself. I'll arrange transport. There's something else. I heard about Sark. He didn't give you anything in South Africa. No, he was onto us from the beginning. They're questioning him now. If Sark can give us intel on how to stop the CRF, we still have a chance. We can't depend on Sark. I understand he's cutting a deal. Look, I don't like it any more than you do, but if listening to him helps us get the bomb back, I can live with it. Even if you're right, what if Anna gets away? Sark has agreed to lead us to Ushek San'ko, the leader of CRF. We believe San'ko can provide operational intelligence that will allow us to stop Anna and recover the weapon. When do we leave? He has, however, made a demand which involves you. He wants to exhume your wife's body. Fine. Let him. That's not all. Sark has demanded that you open her coffin for him. N o. Agent Vaughn? You can't order him too this. I'm not ordering. I'm asking. Sark's participation in leading us to CRF, stopping Anna is dependent -- I'll do it. This is where you keep her? For national security reasons, some bodies aren't allowed a public grave. In this case, we didn't want Lauren's death to become public knowledge. This  make you feel better, watching this happen? It gives me hope. That I can still achieve closure. Guys like you don't believe in closure. That would actually require you to care about something. Perhaps that's true. Perhaps all I can hope for is a moment for us all to share -- you, me... her. And letting go of all pretext and subterfuge, we can finally admit the truth. Your wife loved me. Not even death can change that. Do it. Open it. You want your moment? Take it. Stop. My agreement, Mr. Vaughn, allows for this. In a perfect triangular pattern. Consistent with CIA training. It was you. You did this. Yes, I did. I'll take you to CRF. But I want you to face what you did. I want you to look at her. Do a search for black widow. It was one of Anna's call signs. Who knows? She might still use it. Dixon, will you call me if you find anything? Okay. Is there anything you need? No. You shouldn't blame yourself, Sydney. I certainly don't hold you responsible for what happened to Nadia. I've said this before. Anna won't kill Nadia. She can't. After all this, you still believe. Sydney. My daughter lies there in a medically induced coma. What else do I have but my faith? All patients and personnel, please remain calm. We have experienced a small fire in the sub-basement. Please proceed to the nearest exit in an orderly manner. Should be a security detail in the building. Stay with Nadia until they get here. Nadia's next door. I thought it prudent to change her room until our extraction arrived. The doctors at the hospital assured me Nadia will be able to complete her recovery here. Anna came after us, Jack, in a public place. The operative question is, why? Anna has the bomb. Why come back for Nadia? I don't care about her agenda. That woman is a threat. I want her destroyed. Your daughter has just been attacked. I understand that. But this is not the time to react emotionally. Whatever it takes, you find Anna. Whatever corners you have to cut, whatever favors you have to call in, do it. But find her. Eliminate her. And what about your faith that Nadia will survive? Oh... this isn't about faith. Well, it took me a while to patch into the security system in Estonia. The -- mm -- firewall was a piece of cake, but the CCTV was rigged with a fluctuating log-on, and -- you don't really care about -- point is, I did manage to hack in. By the way, is it just me, or does fast forward make you a little nauseated? Do we have audio? All we have is raw video feed, but fortunately I wrote a voice reconstruction program based on a lip movements a few years ago, and check this out. Why is CRF assembling assembling this bomb? What do they have planned? What did he say? Well, that I couldn't rebuild. But look at this. You see that shadow right there in the background? Well, I enhanced the detail, and look at that. That's why anna came after her in the hospital. Excuse me? I don't under-- you're welcome. Sark gave us the contact protocol to meet with the CRF. It's a coded message in the classified ads. If all goes as he says it will, we should have a response by the evening edition. And then what? You and I go in alone? Do you mean is it a glorified date? That's  not what I meant, but is it? No, not exactly. We've got to take Sark with us. He insists we won't get through the front door without him, so we rely on the explosive tracking device we put in his neck. If he tries to burn us in any way -- sabotage, escape, whatever -- We take him out. Hey. Nadia's gonna make it. You're monitoring agent Santos' progress. If she were to be awakened from her coma early, what risks would she be exposed to? It would increase stress on her circulatory system. The quicker you revive her, the higher the risk of shock, heart attack, stroke. Is there some reason to wake her? Not yet. The man we're meeting with, Ushek San'ko -- what else can you tell us about him? San'ko's expertise is coordinating terrorist activities. And you're convinced he'll know where the bomb is? I'm quite certain he's the one that tasked Anna to get it. Per our protocol, he took out a series of ads in response to mine. This one here -- it says I'm to meet him at a club in Venice where we've done business before. He says I'm to come alone. Alone? That's interesting. I gave you my word, Mr. Vaughn. Am I to take it you don't trust me? You're about to betray one of your former partners. Doesn't really instill faith in your loyalty. My past infidelities are just that -- mistakes I've learned from. Repented for. I've become a trustworthy man. Well, the answer's no. Where you go, we go. Lauren and I -- we set up a weapons deal with San'ko before the Covenant imploded. The thing is, is he's never met her face to face. All he knows is her voice. How's this? Perfect. I must tell you, Lauren and I had a reputation. Certain intimacies were public knowledge. We must maintain appearances. Dream on, you perverted freak. Oh. Mr. Sark. San'ko. It's good to see you. And you must be... Lauren Reed, mm? My dear, what a pleasure to meet you after so long. The pleasure's all mine -- obviously. So, let us toast. To CRF, mm? Salud. Ahh! So... what is the nature of your business? You represent certain interests that stand to profit should the market fall. If you were to provide us with some insider information, we would be happy to split the profits. How nice of you. Information about what? Our sources tell us you've just acquired a chemical bomb. What do you intended to do with it? Which weapon are you talking about? The one you hired Anna Espinosa to steal. Obviously you've never heard of her. Sorry to waste your time. You want something from me? I want something from you, my dear. And what is that? Mr. Sark has told me about your... predilections. Mm? I have a room above this club. I'd like to watch that. For myself. You have my permission to kill him if you'd like. I'm sure Julian's told you that we never mix business with pleasure. I told you she was special. Oh, yes. She is indeed special. Anna! Above us. I'll take the lead. We'll cover each other's corners. Give me a gun. I can help. Stay here and shut up. Let's get Sark. We might still be able to cut her off. What is it? There's an explosive device in your neck. Wait, how do you know that? There's no time for painkillers. Hold him down. Don't move. Please -- Oh, God. Syd, we have to blow the tracking device. Vaughn, wait a second. No, it's our backup protocol. No, no, no, wait. He might lead us to Anna. No, he's out of our custody. We  can't take that chance. We have to blow it now. What happened? It failed. Anna Aspinosa. Julian Sark. It's nice to meet you. We played right into her hands. Anna killed San'ko in front of our eyes and then distracted us long enough to grab Sark. You couldn't have predicted this. We had no intelligence indicating the two shared a history or an agenda. Still, I should have considered it s a possibility. We need to focus on where Anna and Sark are headed with the bomb. Contact all your sources. See if anyone has heard anything. I'll check back on the hour. Good. A.P.O. is monitoring traffic. We've called in every favor we can to get Sark and Anna on different intelligence radars. Considering the destructive capacity of the bomb they have in their possession, they're going to take extra precaution in covering their tracks. At this point, we'll take anything we can get. Not hungry? I thought after a year in a maximum security prison that you would appreciate a decent meal. Beware a summit that begins with shared bread. The sated man is at his weakest. Who said that? A vietnamese general I had dinner with once. By dessert, I had put a bullet between his eyes. I appreciate the rescue. I assume there's a price. When I heard of a young man so ruthless in his shifting allegiances that he killed his own father, I thought, this is a man I am fated to work with. My aim tonight was Ushek San'ko's head. CRF is a weak organization. No vision. Considering the power of the bomb I stole for them, they did not pay me nearly enough. So you decided to go into business for yourself. I thought it an appropriate time. And then I spotted you in the club. And you saw your opportunity. Yes. Partnership. My brains, your skills. You flatter yourself, but something like that. I must tell you, selling a bomb on the black market can be tricky. I already have a buyer in mind right here in this very city. Michel Guinot. A man with whom I have an excellent credit rating. Yes, Mr. Sark. I know you do. Anna's selling the bomb to a man named Michel Guinot. Gateway of all arms sales in and out of central Russia. Guinot's on the watch list. We have satellite surveillance. Where'd the intel come from? Classified, but reliable. Your mission is to intercept the bomb, detain the principals. Do we have a confirmed location for the meet with Anna and Sark? Guinot's on the move to a property he owns -- a graveyard. He's been known to hold meets there. Marshall's sending coordinates. If this exchange goes through, Sydney, both Anna and Sark will be in the wind. We may never have this opportunity again. We called as soon as there was any change. - When did she wake up? - A few minutes ago. But she's fine. Out of the woods. Thank you. There was an irregularity we thought you should see. Deloxin is a drug we use to wean patients out of medically induced comas. Your daughter had four times the amount we normally use. Mr. Sloane, Nadia didn't just wake up. Someone did this to her, and I believe I know who it is. About 14 hours. Miss Espinosa was kind enough to set me free. She came here with me, didn't she? Mademoiselle Espinosa, as the buyer, I dictate certain terms, starting with good faith on your part. Put your weapon on the stone, please. It's very nice. Let's go. Is the device acceptable to you, monsieur Guinot? It is. And the price -- is that acceptable also? Give me 10 seconds. The transfer is almost complete. Go. You get Sark. I'll go after the bomb. What are you doing?! Sydney! I'm a man of my word. I will kill you. You bastard! The United States government has some questions for you. We caught her. Yes, we did. Sark. We'll get him back. Now most people attribute the words "abra cadabra" to Houdini. That's not actually the case. What -- Whoa. Okay. Okay. That was not supposed to happen. You know what? Keep 'em. Can I come in? Hey. Yeah. Sure. I'll be out in the hallway entertaining sick people if you need me. Hey. Cómo estas? I'm good. - You? - Better. - So you got her? - Mm-hmm. And the bomb? Yeah, we got that, too. And, hey, we didn't kill each other. Nope. My closing report as acting director. The job's yours again. Nadia is out of her coma. Thank god she pulled through. God had nothing to do with it. Her medical chart indicates that someone injected her with a counter agent in order to wake her up. As a professional courtesy, I would like you to justify your decision. Your words -- do whatever it takes to stop Anna. We stopped Anna. You also indicated that this wasn't Nadia's time, that she would pull through. Don't tell me you're losing your faith. When I stepped down as director of this task force, you had full discretion. I'm not going to argue with your choice because the mission was a success. But I would have appreciated as a father to be apprised of your decision to put my daughter's life at risk. As you do mine every day. When I accepted this position, I made two agreements -- one with Langley and one with you. A pact. That's still in effect. But only because my daughter is unhurt.