Sure. Thanks. So the sun's in your face? Completely blinding me. And the first thing he does without even thinking about it, - he slaps down the... - Visor. Yeah, the visor. So the sun's not in my eyes. And I just thought, that was so sweet. He really likes you. He's so funny. You're not gonna break his heart, though, right? Me? Eric's a friend. You know what I mean. No, I like him, too. - But? - But nothing. - Hello? - Yeah? Yeah, I'll be there. We'll eat later. She compared you to ice cream? Yeah, vanilla swiss almond, which is a really significant flavor. I'm not saying it's not. And then she said that I'm this big spoonful. Which you took as a compliment? I take everything she says as a compliment. She's got that great accent. I don't know. I can't even look at this girl, she's so pretty. Nadia's great. I know that, all right? But you might want to just consider taking it slow. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's with the warning? Sally Vincent. Sally -- that was a completely different story. How is that different? When it ended, you were all, like, weird. Weird how? You were building ships in bottles. You built many, many ships in many bottles over many, many months. Yeah, that's called a hobby. A hobby? You locked yourself in a closet for a month. Tell me you don't still think about how I got those ships in the bottles. - Hey. - Hi. - Hey. - Hey. What's going on? We got called in, but they've been in there all morning. That's weird. What do you think it is? We don't know. Here we go. As you know, my position here at A.P.O. is contingent upon an agreement I made with director Chase's office last year. That agreement includes a short list of operatives with whom I am not authorized to engage. So that if a mission arose that involved any of these people, I am to immediately recuse myself. I am to step down. Well, that day has come. So as of now, I am giving full operational authority over your next assignment to Jack Bristow. I would ask for your cooperation in not involving me at all. Good luck. So, what, he's not coming back? When this matter is resolved, yes. If Sloane can't touch this case, then why did they assign it to his task force? Because of Sydney. Our target is someone with whom several of you are quite familiar. - Who is it? - Anna Espinosa. I thought-- - She's supposed to be dead. - So are a lot of people. Who is she? Former soviet agent raised in Cuba. Used to be K-Directorate. Four days ago, our London listening post intercepted chatter about a dead drop from a suspected terrorist group. Satellite surveillance of the specified location revealed this. Marshall. Thank you. And congratulations on the, uh... Uh, now, I pulled the files on miss Espinosa. She specializes in close-quarter kills, strangulation, edged weapons, guns, high-level theft, security breech -- She spent six years on Interpol's most-wanted list. Six and a half, actually. Did the -- After she left K-Directorate, she went freelance. Worked for the highest bidder. You know, give her the dough, she'll give you the show. She's also associated with the followers of Rambaldi. Intel indicates Anna's making contact with an associate in Brussels 36 hours from now... Excuse me. Concerning an assignment -- Sydney? You want us to surveille the meet. Yes. You, Marshall, and Dixon. Given your familiarity with Anna's methods, I want you to track her movements. Find out what the assignment is. If  the opportunity presents itself, you're authorized to bring her in. The category of force you choose to exercise will remain classified. When do we leave? We're arranging a jet for this evening. You'll have 20 hours in country to coordinate before the meet. That's all. - What happened? - I don't know. Are you okay? I got lightheaded. We  have a while before we have to leave. Do you want to grab something to eat? Sure. It was just me and Anna in the middle of the stadium. I have the key, she has the box. We needed to work together to get the code. But there she is right next to me. All I kept thinking was, I could take her out right now. End it once and for all. That wasn't your assignment. Not that night. But I swore to myself if I ever had the chance again, I would not hesitate. This can't be easy for you. I'm not worried about me. What's going on with you? I know only a few things about Rambaldi. I know he was a prophet, 15th century. I know my father was -- is -- I don't know, obsessed with him. Last year, when my father connected me to Rambaldi, I started to hallucinate, and... I saw something awful. Sounds and fast images -- they went by quickly, but... there was one vision that felt so real. What was it? We were both together, scared and upset, holding guns aimed at each other. And I remember my hands were shaking. And I pulled the trigger. Blood was pouring down your chest, and... I wanted to say I was sorry, but you just looked at me as if you'd been expecting it. As if you knew all along... knew I was going to kill you. I know I must sound insane. Nadia, there's something I should have told you. Miss Bristow? There's a call for you. - Hi. - Here you go. Hello? Hello, Sydney. Anna. Turn around. I'd advise against any action. My associates wouldn't like that. There's something I need you to do for me, Sydney. I must say, I have been looking forward to working with you again. Anna has Nadia. She knew she was going to be intercepted in Brussels, so she took her. If I don't do what she says, dad, she's going to kill my sister. If we don't meet her demands, Anna Espinosa claims she'll kill Nadia. We have 18 hours to comply. What are her demands? She wants me to take the meet in Brussels posing as her. I'm to retrieve a package from a man named Milos Sabine. If I deliver it to her -- a boutique in Beverly Hills -- by a specified time, she claims she'll let Nadia go. Sydney, scrap the surveillance op in Brussels. Get with Marshall to coordinate new parameters. You're going in as Anna Espinosa. Dig up everything you can about Sabine -- business associates, last-known whereabouts, the works. Coordinate with Langley. We'll need total satellite coverage of the meeting point. I want sniper teams and full ground support ready to go. On it. We'll wheels up within the hour. Approaching the metro station. Do you see anyone? White male, late 70s. There's no photo in his file, but based on estimated date of birth, this could be our guy. This time of year does terrible things to my hair. Miss Espinosa. How I wish that I were younger. Do you have the package? What your associates have requested of me is... highly valuable. I would like to make sure that I get my money's worth. Are you prepared to reach your end? I'm always prepared once apprised of the specifics. 30 minutes ago a man entered the Hotel Metropol. He is currently enjoying a 17-year-old Scotch in  the bar located in the west lobby of the hotel. The man's name is Willem Karg. This is the man. The man you are to kill. I will require photographic evidence of his corpse, plus what I understand is your keepsake -- his right index finger. I will be sitting on this bench for the next 40 minutes. Return within that time, and you will get your package. After that, I will not be sitting on this bench. Tick-tock, miss Espinosa. Hotel Metropol -- seven blocks away. We have 32 minutes. Marshall, how are we doing on Karg? Do you have anything on him yet? On its way. It's a rather large file. We got it. This guy's wanted in four different countries. Money laundering, kidnapping, conspiracy. Affiliations -- russian and chinese organized crime syndicates. Known associates -- Anton Matteo and Peter Giger. Solicitation for prostitution, three charges. This guy's got a real thing for hookers. Wait. There you are, ma'am. Room 1132. Two keys. Will you be needing any help with any bags? No, thank you. I'm traveling light. Willem? Ja? Do you know how hard it has been to find you? If I knew you were looking, I would have made it a lot easier. Matteo said you were not drinking anymore, you bad boy. I won't tell Matteo. How do you know my business partner? Who do you think sent me to you? I am Matteo's early birthday present. Really? He wouldn't tell me how old you were. He knows I don't usually... work with older men. You don't seem so old. Thank you so much. We have a room. Shall we? So it's happy birthday to me, ja? Great, beautiful arms. I love... arms. Hey, what -- what is this? It's your lucky day. You get to live. We're gonna need that ring. And the finger it's on. What's happening?! There are people out there who want you dead. Fortunately for you, we're not them. When this is over, you're gonna walk out of this hotel and disappear. You'll thank us for it later. What are you doing? Aah! You look like her. Your mother. Don't waste your time trying to scare me. You are scared. I would be scared, too, if I did not understand what this was all about. She told me about you. Sydney. I know enough. Your sister -- she's a curse. You see what happens, don't you? To everyone she loves. One day you will be asked to pay the price. Today you will feel a little bit of that. Please! Please! There must be another way! Please! We've got nine minutes left. Keep him quiet. Yeah. Please! Bite this. Bite this. - You got him? - Yeah. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. What are you people doing? Don't move. Your reputation is well-earned. I still wish I were younger. You should let your associates know that this is the last remaining sample. They should treat it as if it were sacred. Absolutely. I've got it. I'm on my way. This is a gift from me... to you... to Sydney. Every time she looks at you, I want her to think of me. And one day, whether  you choose to or not, you will help me destroy her. The lab confirmed it's the Dante compound -- a super-rare phosphorous-based putty. But not the same kind of putty you'd use on the newspaper to copy "beetle bailey" out of -- you ever do that with -- Anyway, it's completely harmless on its own. But when mixed with certain nerve agents -- VX gas in particular -- boo-yah-ca! It mutates the neurotoxins, causing them to self-replicate at a rate that would be, like, historic. We'll have to secure all chemical laboratories that manufacture VX. How long would it take you to construct a fake? A fake? You mean like something that would actually pass as the real thing? Sydney's meeting with Anna in 30 minutes. Turning this over to her is not the ideal option. Can you do it? No. Absolutely not, no. Okay, probably. But, listen, one more thing. I know this isn't, you know, like my province, but I think I have an idea who Anna's working for. There's this fringe terrorist cell called the Cadmus Revolutionary Front. Yeah, they're former Covenant. Right, so I don't need to tell you how -- do you? Yes, I know who they are. Well, turns out the CRF -- they've been trying to acquire the Dante compound for over a year. I think they're trying to build a chemical bomb. I read the Echelon report on the CRF. We don't know what their agenda is. Then we increase our knowledge base. Figure a way to penetrate the CRF and determine their motives. Well, we actually have somebody in custody with CRF connections, considering their Covenant ties and all. Oh, god. If we give Anna a fake, she will kill Nadia. You know that. Turning over the compound would be irresponsible, not to mention unnecessary. My responsibility is to get Nadia back -- safe, alive. He's right, Sydney. What are you talking about? I'm trying to save your daughter. Giving Anna the compound is an unnecessary risk. Unnecessary? She won't kill her. It's not her destiny. Please tell me this is not about what I think it is. If you had faith, you would know what I know. Faith in a 15th century lunatic? Dad, please tell me Rambaldi is not dictating procedures. He has no authority here, and I know Anna better than anyone. That's why you chose me for this mission. Dad, please, I need to get my sister back. Thank you. You shouldn't be here, Arvin. - Hey. - Hey. Where are you going? I'll tell you later. When's the meet with Anna? Now. Nadia's gonna be okay. I just want the ghosts to go away. Tell me about it. Here. Nice work. You aren't even gonna look at it? I trust you. You wouldn't try to deceive me, would you? Where's my sister? Wait five minutes after my exit, then go to the fourth floor of the parking structure across the street... or my friends will blow a hole in your heart. Get your hands off me. It was nice getting to know your sister. Dispatch, I need backup. She can have the blouse. Are you okay? Open it up. - Procedure dictates -- - We're old friends. Actually, given our shared intimacies with your late wife, I may even go so far as to say that we're family. Mr. Vaughn, your timing is impeccable. The last of my broken bones is finally healed, and I sit before you a fresh candidate for your aggression. Before we begin whatever inquisition you're here for, there is a pesky question that's been lingering in my head. Do you mind? Go ahead. Was it the infidelity or the espionage that motivated you to kill the woman I loved? The woman you loved? Yes. Loved. You know, she once actually told me that she longed to love you, but the mundane existence you provided couldn't hold a candle to my passion. That wasn't for sleeping with the woman I was married to. I couldn't care less about her. Then what? The torture? This is how it's gonna be, and I'm only going to give you one shot at this. The CRF -- they've hired Anna Espinosa. They're building a bomb. Why have they made repeated attempts to contact you? - So it's begun. - What has? Wouldn't you like to know. Well, you're gonna tell me what they're planning and where they're located. And if you're fishing for some type of pardon agreement, it's not in the cards. But I am willing to provide you certain amenities that will make your life in confinement a little more comfortable. I see your bargaining skills have gone the way of your manhood. Let me rephrase that. I'd be willing to leave you with what you already have and not make your life more uncomfortable. I don't see that there's much left to take away. You stonewall me, and I'll have you shipped to Alder penitentiary, and I'll have you secured in darkened solitary till the end of days. 24/7 in a pitch black cell with zero human contact is a slow way to die, especially with all the demons you've got in your closet. And believe me, they will come knocking. I regret to inform you, mr. Vaughn... I'm not afraid of the dark. You should be. I'm having you transferred to Alder tonight. How did he respond? As expected. We'll send in the surgical team this evening. What did she do to you? I'll be okay. - Are you sure? - Mm-hmm. I should go. Hey. I'm so glad you're all right. Thank you, Sydney. The doctor's waiting. The tissue in the scorched region's completely macerated, so we'll have to graft new skin. But we can fix this. Thank you. I'll be back in a minute and dress it for you. We're gonna find Anna. We know who she's working for now. We're tracking her down. She said things about us. That we'll be torn apart. What does that mean? When mom died, I requested clearance to her files. I got it. There was an audio tape -- surveillance from a hotel room in Hamburg. She was talking to a man. His voice was never identified. She was describing the symbology of this -- the mark of Rambaldi. She said the outer markings represented her two daughters. The center is the object over which they will do great battle... with each other. Those were her words. And then mom went quiet. It was almost like the next part was too painful. Tell me. Nadia, it's insane. What? According to Rambaldi, only one of the daughters will survive. I am not going to lie to you. Some of the predictions Rambaldi made have come true. So if -- if you want to go back... To Argentina? Do you believe in all this? Rambaldi? No. But the people who do are dangerous. They're zealots who will stop at nothing to make their visions into reality. Are you kidding me? Change my life because some freakshow made a prediction 400 years ago? Anna contrived to tear us apart to make some ridiculous prophecy come true. But we're together now. Sark's being transported to Alder tonight. Good, because his tracking device is in. That anaesthetic gas -- totally knocked Sark out. Didn't know what hit him. How many hours until the delayed activator goes hot? 24. Oh, and if the CRF tries to run a countersurveillance sweep on Sark, no detecto. That's not the only modification that mr. Bristow authorized. The tracker is packed with a high-density explosive. Just enough to blow off his melon in case he tries to go off-book. You mess with a friend of Flinkman, you're messing with Flinkman. Good job, Marshall. This is transport team Alpha. We have secured the prisoner, and we are en route. E.T.A., 0600. Copy that! Put your head down! Shoot! Come with me! Come on! Quickly! Go! Get in back! There is change of clothes! Alpha, do you copy? You got a minute? We picked up chatter on a meet scheduled between the CRF and an administrator at the Shilanost chemical labs in Estonia -- Jan Vorich. Shilanost was a soviet-run facility. Marginal security at best. Theft of a level-4 toxin could go unnoticed there for years. It's probably just a meet, but if Anna's there, this would be our best shot at getting her back in our sights. Take Nadia with you. Observation only. If Vorich has a sample of VX, I want you to find out where it is. This is a surveillance, not a boxing match. Can I trust you to maintain your professionalism? She brings out the worst in me, dad, but, yes, of course. What is it? Anna never checked the sample. Marshall said he couldn't have made a good fake anyway. You were right, dad. I was stubborn. I'm sorry. You trusted your instincts to ensure the safe return of a fellow agent, a member of your family, and you succeeded. Take the motorcycle. Get yourself to CRF headquarters. What about you? Follow protocol! Go! Tango is in motion. Copy that. Good work. In the next 24 hours, Sark should lead us to CRF headquarters. We'll put a tactical team on standby. For now, we wait. Who wants to order chinese? I'm starving. Thai? Indian? Sydney? You and your sister -- are you going after Anna? This is highly inappropriate. Excuse me. Come on, Sydney, you know of Anna's beliefs. You know the lengths she'll go to see them realized. You want to talk about beliefs? This is something you want to discuss? From where I'm standing, it was your madman obsession with Rambaldi that dragged me and Nadia into this endless pit of confusion. So given that, let me ask you -- what is it you believe? I believe that if the two of you go out on this mission, and Anna Espinosa has her way, that only one of you will return home alive. It's been 24 hours. Sark's tracker is still dark. I know. I'm checking the satellite, making sure it's not offline. You're sure you did the insertion properly? Come on. It's me. I can't stress enough how critical it is that we locate CRF headquarters. I know. All right? Why's everybody picking on me? Seriously. It's hard work. Okay, I got it. It's hot. They are in South Africa. Johannesburg. 658 Kroner street, to be exact. Let's move, people. Sydney and Nadia are in Estonia pursuing Anna. Dixon is leading a team to Johannesburg to raid CRF headquarters. This should all be over soon. Thank you. Maintain your perimeter cover points. We need to lock this building down tight. No one slips out. We'd rather take home data on CRF, not prisoners. Let's go. Go, go, go. I got something. Gentlemen. Were you expecting a bigger party? This isn't CRF headquarters. You're a genius. Where are we? Nowhere in particular. And that's the truth. Just a nice place for a chat. Really, Michael, don't look so shocked. You couldn't have had such low expectations of me. Now, with regards to your previous request, I will help you locate CRF leadership. But as always, you must do something for me in return. Why the charade? If you were going to cooperate, why run at all? For the bubbly, of course. We're early. Who says girls can't make it anywhere on time? Get comfortable. Vorich. All right, one down, one to go. Where are you, Anna? Come on. Let's take her. Bad idea. I was hoping we could spend a little more time -- Vorich had the VX gas with him. Go! Why is the CRF assembling this bomb? What do they have planned? It's no use. You're too late. Tell me! - Oh, my god, I thought you were... - Anna. Nadia. Oh, god. Oh, god. Don't be scared. I'm right -- I'm right here. It's okay. Stay with me. Just breathe. Just stay with me. Just keep breathing. Nadia? Nadia? Look at me. Look at me. Look me in the eye. Don't.