Get down. I guess we'll just have to learn to trust each other. Bristow's CIA contact: Michael Vaughn. My guardian angel. Her current assignment: to infiltrate and destroy SD-6, a secret organisation dealing in espionage, extortion, weapon sales, posing as the CIA. SD-6 has made over $400 million in arms sales alone. The sanctity of this agency requires the sacrifice of some personal freedoms. This is not about cutting off an arm of the monster. This is about killing the monster. Bristow's mother: formerly Russian intelligence, recently turned herself in to the CIA. Mom? Intel indicates she may still be an enemy of the United States. The true loyalty of Agent Bristow's mother remains unknown. Previously on <i>Alias:</i> I want to make something very clear to you. If Sydney in any way becomes victim to your endgame... I will kill you. You haven't told her what you did to her after I disappeared, have you? Mom says there are no explosives or anti-intrusion devices. - She says the building is clean. - We obviously can't trust this information. Unless she wants to prove herself. That kind of hopeful thinking will get you killed. We're sending you to Madagascar to retrieve the Bible. You too. Prepare to leave tonight. Let's move it. Jack, I owe you. But why 30 pounds of Semtex? I need you to make sure that if anyone enters that building no one will survive. Sydney, hold your entry. That building is wired to explode. I need you to take a look under the house. Is there a crawlspace? She lied to me. Another child is born Another race is won Another dream is shattered Another day's begun Five weeks ago, Irina Derevko surrendered herself to the CIA. She claimed that she wanted to cooperate, to seek restitution for the crimes she committed against the United States. During the next several weeks, Irina Derevko provided meaningful intelligence to the CIA. - On several occasions... - Pardon the interruption, Agent Bristow. Let's talk about last week, the incident in Madagascar. Before Derevko turned herself in to the CIA, as leverage, she concealed her organisation's operations manual. Last week, the CIA discovered where it was hidden. When I told Derevko that I was going in to retrieve the manual, she informed us that the building was safe to enter. In truth, it was a trap. Derevko had rigged it with explosives. Just as we were about to enter the building, an agent spotted something on the satellite imagery. - That agent was your father. - Yes. He saved my life. I wanted to stand in this cell. Just once. You tried to warn me about her so many times. I'm so sorry that I didn't listen to you. Some things you need to experience for yourself. I imagine every parent tries to protect their children from that truth. I never said thank you for saving my life. We're due for a briefing at SD-6. We should go. Niels Haider, the so-called "Austrian Connection", was murdered yesterday. The bold nature of the hit, the complete disregard for civilian collateral damage indicates the work of the Triad. Haider was Triad. They killed one of their own? Yes. We believe so. The Triad? You never mentioned them. It's a loose coalition of organised-crime entities. They deal mainly in drugs and prostitution, but over the last couple of years they've made a significant foray into weapons. OK. So why did they kill Haider? Because he was selling Intel to SD-6. In his last communication to our sources in Vienna, Haider informed us that the Triad was engaged in a plot to deploy and develop 16 next-generation weapons. Any idea what "next-generation" refers to? No, which is a major source of concern. According to the communiqué, testing of the weapons was ahead of schedule, which means they may soon be put into the field. Do we know where these weapons are now? Budapest. During the Cold War, the Russians built a massive bomb shelter underneath the magistrate's bureau. The Triad has been using that shelter to serve as a testing facility. Your mission is to gain access to that facility, identify the nature of the weapons, retrieve the specs and test data off the central server, then proceed to the R & D lab and photograph the weapons. So that SD-6 can engineer the weapons for themselves. - Which we won't let happen. - OK. I'll confer with your father about your countermission. My father? He didn't tell you? Based on your father's instincts in the Madagascar incident, Devlin gave him operational approval. When you and I were approaching that building Ops was monitoring our progress via sat radar scan. Now, at the last moment, your father switched to infrared, which is how he saw the explosives. We don't have routine satellite coverage over Madagascar. One had to be retasked. Now, the closest one was over the Indian Ocean. Yet your father specifically requested the one over the South Atlantic, which of the two is the only one that has infrared capability. He wanted to account for every possibility. Probably. Or it's possible that he already knew there would be explosives at that entrance. I don't see how. He never trusted my mother's motives, but he... You think my father wired that entrance? To set up my mother? We were nearly killed. - I know. - If there'd been comms interference... - It wouldn't be the first time. - Meaning what? - Russek. - Russek? - Your father set him up. - I was a prisoner. - Sloane was about to have me executed. - I don't know why you deny this possibility. I understand that your authority has been superseded by my father and that maybe you feel irrelevant. But he saved our lives. Remember that. I will wait to hear from you. - Hey. - Hey. - Hi, you look fabulous. - So do you. - I am so proud of you. - Thank you. - Where did you find all these people? - Can you believe it? - I invite a hundred, thinking 70 will show. - You said you were worried. - He tells his entire NA meeting. - They're good people. I'm sure they're fantastic. But we make 90 per cent of our profits from the bar. They don't drink. Baby girl, where you at? Got no strings, got men attached Can't stop that feelin' for long, no You makin' dogs wanna beg Breaking them off your fancy legs But they make you feel right at home now See, all these illusions just take us too long And I want it bad Because you walk pretty, because you talk pretty, cos you make me sick And I'm not leavin' till you're leavin' Oh I swear there's something when she's pumpin', asking for a raise Does she want me to carry her home... Your plane leaves for Budapest in an hour. You'll meet Dixon at the airport. When you get into the Triad's testing facility, you'll log onto their computer. Sloane expects you to disable the firewall so SD-6 can hack in and directly download the specs for the next-gen weapons. Once you've accessed the computer, you'll contact the CIA and give us the IP address. We'll download the specs. Here. Memorise this number. This is the IP address you'll give Dixon. He'll think he's accessing the Triad's computer, but he'll be on a CIA server. We've set up some dummy files for him to download. Anything else? Sydney, Washington has made a decision regarding your mother. What she did to you invalidated her agreement with the CIA. The government is pressing charges. They're going to seek the death penalty. - Hey, Daddy. - Hey, Craig. What're you doing in LA? Madagascar customs picked up a US national transporting explosives. They brought him to LA and I'm baby-sitting him to New York. Listen, I heard about Weiss. How's he doing? It was rough, but they say he's gonna be OK, which is more than I can say about the nursing staff. Wait till he gets home. He's gonna be insufferable. - Listen, I have to... - Yeah. Yeah. Go. Go. I'll be back next month. I wanna play some ball. - Why? You think you're ready for this? - That's cute, that's cute. Craig. The guy with the explosives, was it Semtex? - Yeah. - Vintage Russian stuff? - Yeah, that's right. How'd you know that? - And he's here in LA? - For the next two hours. - I have to talk to him. He's with me. Manolo Desouza. I'm Agent Vaughn. Has anyone offered you a drink? I'm sure I could find you a soda. This is not a good time to be a terrorist, Manolo. Now, a couple of years ago and you would have had some civil rights. Now we just throw you in a cell. No attorney. No due process. So who were you working for? OK. In that case we'll just let the pictures tell the story. The satellite photos from four days ago showing you rigging a plantation building in the jungle near Sambava. Those photos are all we need to put you away for the rest of your life. So I'm gonna ask you one more time. Do you want that soda? I was working for you, you son of a bitch. CIA. - Through what office? - My contact was Jack Bristow. You tell that bastard I'm not taking the fall on this. - Test. One, two, three. - Good. Once you disable the network firewall I'll download the database while you access the viewing room and take photos of the weapons. The guards change shift at noon. That gives you ten minutes to get in place. - How do I look? - Lip gloss. What I have here is a ordinary tube of lip gloss. Let's say that you're at the beach and your lips are feeling a little... "My lips are chafed." Or you're possibly on a date, it's the end of the night, you're doing some smooching, you want your lips to be supple and you... Pistachio. Now, that's my favourite flavour. But you flip it over, and it's a miniature camera with compressed-air injector. Take a look. Go ahead and smile cos you're on TV. And... Anyway, this... I... There's three cameras inside the tube. I wanted to make four, but then there wouldn't be room for the actual lip gloss. You know, I'll make you a fresh one. - So, you're making a family tree? - It's a present for my grandparents. They're both from Budapest, but they lost everything in the war. Well, I'm certain you will find the documentation of their marriage. And you should be able to find their registration of birth. Our records are very complete dating back to 1895. Older than that, unfortunately, not so thorough. Good work, Syd. Birth records are here. Over there, documentation of marriage and death. The correlation is unintended. Please. Eight. Two. Four. One problem. All documents are in Hungarian. How do you expect to know what they're saying? - That's good. - My grandparents taught me. All right, Syd, you're clear. The combination is eight, two, four, zero, two. - Stand by, Dixon, I'm going radio silent. - OK, Syd. Standing by. Mountaineer in position. Come in, Boot Camp. Copy that, Mountaineer. Stand by for IP address, Boot Camp. Boot Camp. IP address is 199.181.134.104. I've opened port 47. Good work, Mountaineer. Go ahead and give the dummy IP to Dixon. - See you at home. - Copy that. Dixon, I've disabled the firewall. The IP address is 259.10.3.179. Good work, Syd. Now go get some pictures of the weapons and we're outta here. The viewing room is around the corner to your left. Door marked <i>"kutatoterem".</i> Copy that. Clear to exit. OK. Go. Sydney, you've got company. Two guards coming on your left. 16 next-generation weapons. We had no idea that the 16 next-generation weapons would turn out to be children. They're training as sleeper agents? That appears to be the case. See, the best spies have certain traits. Proficiency with numbers, three-dimensional thinking, creative problem-solving. These abilities are all in evidence as early as five years old. This is footage that we downloaded from the Triad computer. Every first-grader in the European Union takes a standardised test. A few years ago the Triad acquired the company doing the testing and added a series of questions designed to locate children with these traits. This year, 28 children were indicated. Their parents were sent letters inviting them to participate in a month-long achievement programme. 16 accepted. Six-year-olds acquire knowledge at an incredible rate. So the basic skills of marksmanship, linguistics, visual-verbal cue recognition, it can all be taught in a matter of weeks. - Who is he? - We're still working on that. So what happens to these kids at the end of the month? Triad sends them home with the intent that, when they're grown, they will contact these kids and send them out in the field. There was a rumour that the KGB began developing a similar programme back in the '80s, but we never confirmed it. Before these kids are sent home, their memories are reset? Yeah. That's right. They remember nothing except that it was extremely satisfying. Someone forged my wife's name in the registry at her favourite bed and breakfast. Weeks after her death. My concern is that it's intended to be a message. You have enemies, Arvin. Clearly one of them is trying to leverage your grief. It's not my grief. It's my guilt. Cancer didn't kill Emily, Jack. Emily's doctor told us that her cancer was in remission. That very day, the Alliance told me that I was being considered for partner, but that there was a problem. Somehow Emily had learned that... Well, she learned about my association with SD-6. She didn't know the truth. In fact, she assumed the lie that we're a branch of the CIA. Despite that, the Alliance decided to make my promotion contingent on Emily's death. My choice was an easy one. I wasn't about to kill my wife. Emily was not a bargaining chip. Then I talked to her doctor, and I was persuaded that... despite this temporary remission, that Emily's lymphoma would return and that it would slowly and painfully kill her. She had already suffered so much, Jack. The thought of her succumbing to this merciless illness or being killed by the Alliance... So I dissolved sodium morphate in a glass of red wine. The wine put her to sleep. The sodium morphate then caused a heart attack. She didn't suffer. I will find out who's doing this. Jack. See who else was being considered for partnership. I was given a seat at the table. That means someone else was not. Well, I have this new friend on my work detail - Tommy Marijuana. We call him that because there's Tommy Marijuana and Tommy Crystal Meth. Tommy Marijuana thinks that we're always the person that we were in sixth grade. Sixth grade was an awkward phase for me. - Oh, come on. You, awkward? - Yeah. I had big teeth and little eyes and I was always a foot taller than everyone else, so I sort of hunched over. I wish I could have seen that. I don't know, when I was in sixth grade, I was just sort of anonymous. You know, you had the smart kid and the funny kid and the good athlete. And I was just Will. They're putting my mom on trial. They're gonna ask for the death penalty. The only way I'm able to deal with it is to tell myself that woman was never really my mother. The irony is, since she's been back, my father and I are closer than we've ever been. It's Vaughn. I have to go. Hey, Vaughn. That guy with the Semtex, Desouza. - Are we supposed to be looking into that? - Excuse me? I'm just wondering, is that our case, or were you pursuing it independently? I don't know what you're talking about. Daily situation report says the guy was here yesterday on a transfer order. You're listed as visiting him. Vaughn? No, it's not our case. - Hello, Sydney. - Dad. Hi. - Agent Vaughn contacted you? - Yeah. Have we identified the man from Budapest with the children? Yes. Valery Kholokov. - It's Kholokov? - You've heard of him? Yeah. He used to run KGB's psych ops division. Mind-control experiments, psychoactive drugs. I thought he was dead. Well, so did we. But apparently after the KGB dissolved he went over to the Triad. A facial-recognition scanner at the airport in Buenos Aires identified him yesterday. - What's he doing in Buenos Aires? - He has a house there. The project in Budapest is completed. - A team is raiding that facility as we speak. - The children have all returned home. We have surveillance teams monitoring each of them. If the Triad ever makes contact, we'll intercede. We need to grab Kholokov. See how many other kids he's done this to - who they are, where they are. - There's a team prepping now. - Good. I wanna go with them. No. Sending you to Buenos Aires would be an unnecessary risk. Kholokov has a private security detail. External and internal alarm systems... Dad, when I signed up with SD-6, I wanted to join. When I found out the truth... I mean, these kids... I know what it's like to be used. I'm going to Buenos Aires. The team leaves in 12 hours. OK. Anything else? That's all. I'm going to pack. I saw Desouza. He told me that you hired him to rig those explosives. Irina Derevko would eagerly destroy all of our lives. I'm not a big fan either. It still doesn't justify what you did. You do good work, Agent Vaughn. But your consistent shortcoming, and you should know this, is your naive sense of morality. Evil must be eliminated by whatever means necessary. - I don't think Sydney would agree. - Sydney... will never know about what I've done. You betrayed her trust. I won't. Now, she should hear it from you. But if you don't tell her, I promise you, I will. - Yes, sir? - Why is my security system disabled? It was disengaged on site, sir, ten minutes ago. I'll put the system back on line, sir. Sir, is everything OK? I'm going in. - The guard's been sedated. - Copy that, Mountaineer. I make four guards in the courtyard. Kholokov just went inside. Get into position. I'm heading to the junction box. You take the guards. I got Kholokov. On my signal. And that's in three. Two. One. Go. - You good? - Yeah. It's him. It's Kholokov. Good work. Nice job. - You want me to hypnotise you? - I want you to take me back to whenever it was I first saw that puzzle. But you say you don't remember seeing that puzzle before. - I must have. - Agent Bristow, I've seen your profile. Your spatial intelligence is stellar. It's no surprise that you could solve the puzzle. But I wasn't solving it. When I was standing there, staring at that puzzle, it was like I remembered where every piece belonged. There wasn't any thought involved. You said the KGB developed a similar project. It's possible that my mother knew the techniques and maybe she... Agent Bristow. If you are looking to uncover a trauma, then I need to warn you. Hypnotic regression can trigger severe nightmares, flashbacks, acute depression. Understand that to do what I do - maintain my cover at SD-6 - I compartmentalise a lot. But the idea that I might have been programmed to be a spy - I can't tuck that away. I need to know what happened to me. Excuse me, sir. I analysed the wine. Is this a good time? There's no fingerprints on the glass. The wine is a '99 Hadley Cabernet Franc. An unremarkable vintage. What is remarkable is what I extracted from inside the wine. I was so surprised I redid the test. But I'm certain it's VTX. A calcium-based antidote - extremely scarce. Antidote to what? Mainly heart-attack-inducing toxins. Kurtotic acid, sodium morphate. VTX simulates death. It slows the lungs, nearly stops the heart, which is how it prevents the poisons from causing cardiac arrest. And then when the VTX is metabolised, the body returns to normal. So if someone who was poisoned by sodium morphate were given VTX, they would appear to die. Yes, sir. Well, assuming they had no other heart conditions, in eight to twelve hours, they would be just fine. I'm going to count back from three. When I get to one, I want you to tell me where you are. Three. Two. One. Where are you, Sydney? It's me. In my room, when I was little. Tell me if you see anything that resembles the puzzles we're looking for. I'm taking... I'm taking care of her... I'm taking care of her for Christmas. That'll be soon. Christmas... Christmas... Christmas is all set. Yes, I see it. Nothing can happen to you now, Sydney. You're safe. Sydney, I want you to listen to me. Just breathe. Breathe. Focus on the puzzle. Focus on the puzzle. Good, Sydney. Very good. Look around you. Tell me who else is in the room. Good work, Sydney. Sydney, get in. What is it? I have this memory from when I was six years old. My mother had just died in a car accident. I felt so scared. You were never home, so who was gonna take care of me? Then I overheard you talking. You were in your study, on the phone. You were talking about Christmas, about me. You were taking care of my Christmas presents. Suddenly, I felt so safe. You were taking care of me. That memory is a lie. - You weren't talking about that at all. - Sydney... I've seen the footage, mom's briefings with her KGB handler. She was sent here for one specific purpose. To steal information from you about a project you were developing for the CIA. An operation to train children to be American spies. Project Christmas. Ever since Mom came back, you were afraid she'd figure out what you did to me. You weren't trying to protect me from her. You were trying to protect your secret. So the first opportunity you had, you set her up. - In Madagascar. - Sydney. - Understand something... - No, Dad, you understand something. You took away my choices in life. You programmed me to be a spy. I will never forgive you for this. I would teach my feet to fly Oh, I wish I had a river I could skate away on I made my baby say goodbye It's coming on Christmas They're cutting down trees They're putting up reindeer