This isn't my first day on the job. I disconnected your call button. I know who you are. I know what this plane is. I don't know what you're talking about. Tell me how to access Server 47. Over there. Behind the frame there's a terminal. We're transmitting. Mountaineer requests covert entry. Roger that. Mountaineer's cleared for entry. OK, so what's new in town? Kendall wouldn't say. He wants to wait for the meeting. So, I just ran by the park, and there were, like, millions of people just playing Frisbee, having picnics. I know. What are people doing in the middle of a workday? Right, just in the middle of the day, hanging out. Let's move. Did you tell her about the transfers? Some recruits from Langley are gonna be observing. Wait. Before the meeting... I'm gonna say something, and it'll either be obvious to you, or seem presumptuous. Either way, I've gotta say it. This isn't working. I've been thinking about this for a while. I don't know what the hell to do. - What? - I think you know what. - I need you to tell me. - You need me to tell you what? That when you're on operations, I can't sleep at night? That when we're in debrief, I have to force myself to remember what the hell we're supposed to be reviewing, when all I want to do is kiss you? Sometimes it is hard to remember what we're supposed to be talking about. That's what I'm talking about. And the thing that makes me crazy every day is, people that would kill us if we were seen together - the Alliance, SD-6, Sloane - are the very forces that brought you into my life to begin with. What kind of a sick joke is that? So what are you thinking? That maybe we shouldn't be working together? That's what I was thinking. But then I thought "We are great together." - I know. - And the more we work together, the sooner the Alliance gets destroyed. So what are you suggesting? - What is this, the flirting corner? - We're talking. Yeah, I figured that out. There's a meeting. National security? Remember that? It's important. For the people? We'll be right there. Arvin Sloane: as most of you know, Sloane is the acting director of SD-6. For those of you new to the fun and games, SD-6 is an arm of the Alliance, a worldwide organised crime syndicate responsible for weapons trade, drug traffic and murder. The Alliance keeps a dozen offices, or cells, SD-1 through SD-12. We've identified the location of seven of these cells. The rest is speculation. The Agents Bristow, Jack and Sydney, have been working undercover at SD-6, tracking their objectives, operations, contacts, working under Arvin Sloane. Until now. We've intercepted communications which reveal that the Alliance has picked someone to be Sloane's replacement: Anthony Geiger, which is about as much as I can tell you about him. Geiger has no file at CIA, FBI, no police records, no overdue video rentals, nothing. Excuse me. Sloane's being replaced? He's been MIA for five days. With Sloane gone and Geiger coming in, we no longer have access to their inner circle, so, Sydney and Jack, your assignment is to get close to Geiger, earn his trust. Get back inside that inner circle. That's it. Dad, the one person in the world I want brought to justice, he's disappeared. I've been doing this a long time, Sydney. There's rarely an end to the story. I don't like it, whatever's happening here. - Excuse me. Mr Geiger. - Yes. - Sydney Bristow. - Come in. Sit down. Let's see... I just wanted to introduce myself, say hello. What can you tell me about Danny? - What would you like to know? - You were engaged? - Yes. - Well, tell me something more. I assume you mean how Danny died. I told him the truth. That I worked for SD-6. Security section discovered this, they told Sloane. - Sloane had him killed. - What kind of doctor was he gonna be? - A paediatric cardiologist. - Really? Well, that's unusual. Did he like kids? Danny had a younger brother who was born with a condition, a heart condition, and they were told there was no treatment. If the people I work for would assassinate my wife, I would not show up at the office the next day. So why come back? What for? The precepts of SD-6 were made clear to me when I was recruited. What happened was my fault. And I am a faithful officer of this agency. Thanks for coming in. The new boss has a dreadful personality, don't you think? I've seen worse. - Am I supposed to take that personally? - Sark, what do you want? When I met with Geiger this morning, I left his office feeling as unstrung as you look. Just so you know, I'm fully strung. We all have secrets, Sydney. And from what I've heard about Geiger, he'll discover them. - What have you heard about Geiger? - Former German intelligence. Has more enemies than various other Germans we're familiar with. He seems to think Sloane is a traitor. He's already unlocked Sloane's secret files on Server 47. There are only 46 servers. Really? Well, he announced it to me as if it were a victory. "I've already hacked Sloane's files on Server 47." There's only one reason Sloane would keep secret the existence of a computer. Because this computer, Server 47, is a vulnerability. Until you tell me what you're suggesting, I have nothing to respond to. I think there's a central Alliance computer. I think that's what Server 47 is, a network that links all the SD cells. It makes sense, doesn't it? I'm trying to find a flaw in this line of thought. I wanna find this computer. If I'm right, it could tell us everything - names of the Alliance partners, locations of their offices... - Sydney... - Dad, this could be the silver bullet. I'll get CIA to sanction it. We tracked down Server 47. The reason you couldn't get a 20 on it is because it doesn't exist on this planet. It's in the sky. It's a 747 purchased by the Alliance in 1998. They retrofitted the interior to contain a secure server and a satellite uplink. - They keep the computer airborne? - It only lands for refuelling. The Alliance has this man overseeing the operation: Gils Macor. He's an accomplished computer-security expert. He and his bodyguards travel with the server at all times. This guy spends his life on a plane with a computer? It's a really nice plane. How did they convince an upper-level asset to do that job, right? - They provide him with women. - You're kidding me. No. Twice a week, alternate airports in England and Spain, a high-end escort agency provides a new "friend". - I have to be his friend? - No, you just have to get him alone. The computer's in the belly of the plane, but apparently there are terminal access in the main cabin. We're all going to Barcelona. We have a team set up there already. They'll ambush the drop-off of his latest date. But they'll deliver you in her place. Just get onto the plane, get Macor alone, access the server, and transmit its contents to us. We'll be in a cargo jet flying at altitude. We have to stay within 5,000 feet of you to receive your signal. Here's your transmitter. The earrings'll give us audio and video, and Op Tech has the rest of your gear. Guys, we should get to the plane. Security scan. - OK, whenever you wanna have that talk. - What talk? About the cologne, or whatever the hell you're wearing. - I'm not wearing any cologne. - Something's going on. No man naturally smells as good as you do right now. OK. Her camera's on. Here we go. Here we go. - That son of a bitch. - Easy. Come on. I swear I'm gonna kill this guy. There's no way that guy smells as good as you. - It's aftershave. I got a new aftershave. - Yeah, well, I'd lighten up on it. - Yeah? - Oh, yeah. Yeah. To the point of nonuse. Tell me how to access Server 47. Behind the frame there's a terminal. All right. Keep going. - We're transmitting. - Got it. - We should be at Heathrow in an hour. - Team's already in place. I'm going to take out the guard. Throw the gun. Make him reach for it. You think you can steal from us, you little bitch? No. No, no, no, no. Oh, my God. She's all yours. Hey, guess what. Sydney's gonna be late again. I know. She's missing all the dirty work. Look at these guys. I hate this part. OK, the suspense is killing me. What's the occasion? - The restaurant is actually making a profit. - After only six months? - Is that even possible? - Yes. Hence the lobster dinner. Seriously, if anyone told me last year that I would be making this work, you know, my own restaurant... It's just... it's just unbelievable. I guess this is a really bad time to tell you I have to quit, right? I got a job working for a travel magazine. I mean, it's not <i>The New York Times,</i> but I am writing for a living. Will, that is genius. I love that you're writing again. It's fantastic. - You're OK with it? - Yeah. Like I can't find another waiter in Los Angeles? - Oh, Francie, you're the best. - Congratulations. You too. Analysis got done with the hard drive. Sir, this is our chance to destroy the Alliance now. Miss Bristow, thank you. I understand what the papers suggest, but you don't rush an operation like this. Sir, as soon as the Alliance realises there's a breach in their server, - this information won't be valid. - Do you recall the 150lb of C-4 explosives buried in the subbasement at SD-6 and probably every other SD cell? If this intel is wrong and we move on it, we're talking about the deaths of hundreds of civilians. The answer is in the document. According to the information you retrieved, each SD cell uses a code, which changes weekly, to operate their security systems. The current code is listed right here. So you're saying we need to get into SD-6 and find out what the code is right now? If it matches the one in the document, the rest of the intel is real. In which case I could go to Langley about raiding Alliance facilities. - Do we have the current SD-6 code? - No. But I can get it. - Yesterday I thought I was... - Really? - Yeah, it was... Yeah. - It was great. - Thank you. Thank you for noticing. - It was really good. - Do you know that guy at table 45? - No, I don't know him. - He was totally looking at you. - He was not looking at me. - He was so. - What's going on? - What? - What do you mean? You guys are both acting like you're on drugs. Well... - We sort of made out. - Oh, my God. All right, this is too weird. - You called for me. - I've been reviewing Mr Sloane's work. I found an email. It struck me as curious. Is SD-6 running a program recording key strokes at each desktop? - Yes, sir. Of course. - Well, then... Why don't you sit down? I'd like you to play back what Arvin Sloane was typing. - Literally every detail. Now. - I don't know. We were in the kitchen, - and all of a sudden we were... - I can't believe this. I'm in shock. - Good shock? - No, great shock. - Is this a onetime thing, or a thing thing? - I don't know. I don't know. You know the weird part? The really weird part? It wasn't weird. - I'm gonna have so much fun with this. - Oh, Jesus. Here we go. This is a playback of Arvin Sloane as he wrote the email in question. OK. Wait. He wrote something and then erased it. Play it back slow. Certainly. Jack Bristow? - Anthony Geiger. - I've been looking forward to this. Me as well. - Yeah? - Sydney, it's me. I'm talking to Mr Geiger. He'd like you to come in right away. Oh, and take surface streets. They're doing some work on the freeway. OK, I will. See you soon. Did he get the code? Syd? - He's compromised. - What? He just said "Take the surface streets, they're doing work on the freeway." - I don't understand. - It's a phrase we came up with last year, a code to let one of us know if the other was ever discovered. To warn them to stay away. He's with Geiger now. Jack, I know you are disloyal. I know your daughter is too. Both your files. There were so many red flags, I thought I was in a Russian airport. What I don't know is where your loyalties lie. Where are your loyalties, Jack? So who are you working for? We've met before, you and I. I'm surprised you don't recall, a man with such attention to detail. I can't quite place it. Neither could I. But then I remembered. Kanagawa, '87. - Were you with Nagayo? - We had dinner. Oh, yes. I remember. What a night that was. - The woman with the club foot. - That's... that's right. Come on, Jack. Just tell me who you're working for, and this will all go away. One last chance. - I don't understand. Go where? - Anywhere. Get Francie and leave town. - Go to Vegas. Drive to San Francisco. - Wait. What kind of trouble are you in? Someone might be looking for me. I just want you safe. Just promise me you and Francie will stay away. That's all I need you to do. I promise. Syd, are you gonna be OK? Yeah. I have to go. - Kendall's on his way back. - He's not gonna do a thing. - You don't know that. - My dad was right. Kendall's not gonna make a move on the Alliance until he knows that information is valid. - We have to get that code from SD-6. - You cannot go back there. I know. Sydney. I got your message. There isn't time for me to explain everything. For me to apologise the way I need to. SD-6 has nothing to do with the CIA. Dixon, you've been lied to. We've all been lied to. What are you...? That's... - Dixon, you've had suspicions about me. - No, Sydney. - You had suspicions about me. - Sydney... You were right. I know this is insane, but you have to trust me now. I'd take you to CIA headquarters, I'd show you the files, the proof. SD-6 is part of the Alliance. You have been working for the enemy you thought you were fighting. This will take time to understand, time we don't have. I need you to listen to me. They have my dad. Geiger at SD-6, and I'm afraid he's gonna kill him. The CIA, the real CIA... No, no, no. This is crazy. - Sydney, do you hear yourself? - .. has intel that can change all of this. - No, wait, Dixon, you have to listen to me. - This does not make any sense. You have to listen to me. I can't go back there, or they will kill me too. We need you to go into SD-6. We need you to hack into the system and make visible a hidden file, one you would never see, never know was there. It's a code, a number that we need. If it's a match to one we already have, it will confirm data, and the CIA will raid SD-6 and every Alliance office. If you follow these instructions to get the code, you will be in the core of SD-6 computer network. You'll see... it's not CIA. It's Alliance. I'll wait for your email. But you need to hurry. - Hello? - Hi, baby. - Where are you? - I'm at work. What's up? I was just calling... you to tell you I love you. - How much I love you. - Oh, thanks, sweetie. I love you too. When will you be home? I'm not sure. OK. Well, be safe. You too. The codes match. It's a match. As many of you may be aware, the CIA recently received intelligence which provides us with vital, previously unavailable details on the inner workings of the Alliance. Thanks to some exceptional work, we've confirmed the validity of this intel. Therefore, tonight at 2200 hours, the CIA in conjunction with the FSB, the BAP, Ml5 and the Shin Bet, will conduct simultaneous raids on all Alliance facilities. And tomorrow morning, God willing, the Alliance will no longer exist. Our tactical team will surround the Credit Dauphine building which houses the target SD-6 office. Team will get as close to the perimeter as possible and disable the security systems. On operation leader's call, teams around the globe, including yours, will raid all SD offices, Alliance headquarters, and partners' residences. Now, most SD-6 agents are desk-trained and won't fight back, but their security team members will respond with lethal force. And they're the ones you're gonna want to take down. People, it's a hazardous job. Do it well, and come home. Jack, you know how this goes. Your heart can only take one more shock, perhaps two. I've never seen anyone go beyond three. Have you? Base station to Congo team leader. Security disarmed at SD-3. Alarms disabled at SD-10. Base station to Panda team leader. Security alarms disarmed at SD-4. I have given you enough time to reconsider. - You OK? - Yeah. - SD-5 team, stand by. - SD-4 team, stand by. SD-3 team, stand by. Sir, all teams in position. Let's move in. Go, go, go. Hey, do you want some pigs in a blanket? - No, thanks. - What? Hey, nobody can resist little pigs in a blanket. They're hot, fresh out of the oven. Everything all right? Yeah. Marshall, get down. Your daughter is so beautiful. Imagine what I could do to her. This is your last chance, Jack. To save yourself. To save Sydney. Who are you working for? - Oh, my God. Dad. - I'm OK, sweetheart. I'm OK. Seems we have two men down at SD-4. Three agents killed at SD-8. - Three agents down at SD-2. - SD-9 has four down. Excuse me. Give me your hand. Get up. Dixon... Look, this'll be over soon, I promise. Thank you. Don't talk to me. Details of casualties are still sketchy, sir, but we've gotten reports from all team leaders. We appear to be in control of all Alliance facilities. Hey, guys. I just talked to base. We did it. We kicked their asses. Hey. Guys. Did you hear what I said? Asses. Kicked. It's remarkable, really. Sydney leaked the intel to the CIA, and the rest played out exactly as you predicted it would. So, congratulations, sir. The Alliance is gone. We shouldn't celebrate yet. As you know, there's much more work to be done. I just wanted to let you know that Phase One is complete. Good. Move on to Phase Two. - And Sark? - Yes, Mr Sloane? Check in on the new asset. Make sure we're on schedule. Yes?