What is so hard to understand? Take a ball, right? You roll it. You knock over some pins, and then everybody cheers for you. Or in your case, everyone laughs. That's true. How is that fun? How could she even ask such a thing? I think I know what your problem is. You've never had a true bowling experience. We have bowling in Argentina, you know? Yes, but you don't have like glow-in-the-dark pins. You don't have all-you-can-eat hot dogs after 10:00 or bad disco music pumping through the stereo. You know what? Why am I still talking about this? Let's just do it. We're going bowling. Come on. Really? Yeah, yeah. Come on. We're all going bowling. Now? Yeah. There's a 24-hour bowling alley. - That's not the point. - We have work tomorrow. Guys, you don't have to analyze everything you do. You can just decide to have fun. It's okay. We're fun. Yeah. You guys are about as spontaneous as my grandparents -- and they're dead. - Look, it's wednesday night. - We're not going bowling. All right, well, suit yourself. Big kids are going out. How can I resist all-you-can-eat hot dogs after 10:00? - Don't wait up. - Let's go. We don't analyze everything we do. Do we? No, no, we don't. And besides, we agreed to take things slow. Right. We're choosing not to be spontaneous. Exactly. And that's why they call us when something's wrong. - Vaughn. - Yeah? Six hours ago, an electromagnetic weapon was stolen from a warehouse in Kostroma. Now this thing is a prototype. Really bad news. Repeatable core, amplified radius. And you guys know what electromagnetic pulse does, right? Destroys electronic equipment, melts circuitry. Right. Now, if this baby goes off, anything within a 10-mile radius that contains electronic parts, like computers, radios, cars, radar -- everything will be fried. If a terrorist were to detonate this in a major metropolitan city, the casualties would be extreme. Hospitals would lose power. Traffic grids would be destroyed. Airplanes fall from the sky. I mean, it's really -- oh, and the most impressive thing about this particular device is its repeatable core. You could black out Los Angeles and then use it to take down San Francisco in the same day. Who's the thief? His name is Yuri Kurelko, former KGB officer currently reported to have ties with an extremist group known as the October Contingent. The russian ultranationalists. That's right. Largely ex-military. But they're looking for new recruits. Three days ago, german authorities picked up a man and a woman attempting to smuggle weapons through a customs checkpoint. Subsequent interrogation revealed them to be Dimitry and Ilyana Tabakov, suspected chechnyan mercenaries. Under duress they disclosed the October Contingent has made back channel overtures toward them to join their group. Sydney and Vaughn, you will impersonate the Tabakovs, infiltrate the contingent. Your mission is twofold. You will identify the group's objective and retrieve the electromagnetic weapon. Sydney, Vaughn, you know any attempt to communicate with you on our end might jeopardize your lives. So we're on our own. Not quite. Marshall. Yes. Uh... What I have here is a normal, everyday wristwatch. Now, under normal uses, it won't alarm any countersurveillance scans, but once activated, it will give us the gps coordinates to triangulate your position. Oh, and it is also capable of short-burst transmissions. You can send images. And we'll monitor you as best we can. And if we detect that your cover is in jeopardy, we'll send the abort signal. I want you to extricate yourselves immediately. Your plane leaves in an hour. I wish you well. Good luck. We are able to get by, yeah. What  would you like me to say? I think that'll do just fine. I gotta tell you, you two are half as good as rumored, we're really in for a treat. Come on. Hop on in. Let's get you out of the rain. My name's Tom, by the way. NRO retasked a keyhole satellite for infrared flyover, picked them up on the M8 shortly after Sydney began transmitting. D estination? Well, the nearest city in that area is... Petrozavodsk. It's about 12 hours away. What else is in the area? Nothing, really. Farmland, tundra, turnips. Let me know the moment that van stops moving. You got it, boss. This is Nick. He's gonna take some photos of you for our project. And this project involves us speaking English like americans for some reason? Well, first order of business, we need to establish some new identities for you two, and something tells me that David and Karen Parker don't exactly spend a lot of time speaking in the russian tongue. Don't worry. We'll go over everything when we get to Liberty Village. In the meantime, just sit back and enjoy the ride. You just became americans. I want to know more about this group that Sydney and Vaughn have infiltrated so, Jack, I'm recommending that you reach out Alexei Vassilyvich. Any objections? He'll want something in return. Yeah. Look, Jack, I can task another agent if you feel this is something -- I simply questioned whether it's prudent to involve him at this point considering -- Yes, Marshall? Uh, mr. Sloane, you're gonna want to come see this. Okay. I think I found something. About an hour ago, the van left the highway. They followed access roads to this facility -- Suberov 13. It's supposed to have been abandoned in the late '70s. Perimeter controls, manned gun emplacements along the access roads, active airfields. It certainly doesn't look deserted. Marshall, can you put that on the screen? Yeah. Let me just... There it is. Is that military housing? Not like any I've seen. Russian base housing resemble barracks. Those are single-family homes with lawns and cul-de-sacs. Is that a swing set? Looks like my neighborhood. Hope you guys like your new house. I love mine. It's almost exactly the same. I just hope the guests haven't trashed the place. We have guests? This shouldn't be too long. We just have to do a, well, an initiation of sorts. Don't worry. Shouldn't be too painful. Everyone, guys, allow me to present David and Karen Parker. - Hey, welcome, guys. - Nice to meet you. - Hi. - Hello. Welcome to the neighborhood. Thank you. The town's officially known as training sector 56b, but students started calling it Liberty Village sometime during the mid '80s. Trying to capture that american sense of irony, I suppose. So this is a government operation? It was a government operation, Karen, but it's a private enterprise now, which is fine with us, because it gives us the freedom to do our job. What exactly is our job, Tom? Well, right now your job is to prove that you belong. You're under evaluation. We need to be sure that you can portray americans convincingly. From this point on, assume that everything is a test, you understand? Excellent. Now let's go do some formal introductions so you can get to know your new neighbors. They're transmitting. It is so nice to finally meet you. Thank you. We've  been looking forward to this for quite some time. Believe me, we have been, too. Marshall. Working on it. Hold on. Wait a sec. Come on. Got it. Sergei Danislov and Elena Vasya. Weapons, drugs. Suspected terrorist affiliations include the Novgorod authorit-- They're responsible for the Grozny bombing in '98. They killed 47 people. I went ahead and did a little shopping for you. You have a bunch of clothes in your closet upstairs you need to go through. Honey, please, there'll be plenty of time to talk about shopping later. And this is Bill and Donna Johnson. They live in the house just next to you. - Hi there. - Hi. Anatoli and Tatiana Sedova. Former GRU. They're wanted by british authorities in connection with a bank robbery that left seven dead. And of course, Ken and Linda Taylor. Linda. Hi. Raisa Tupokov and Nikolai Brekev. Contract killers, russian mafia ties, known murders in the double digits. We just moved in a few days ago. You are going to love it here. - That's good to hear. - Great. And of course... my lovely wife Dianne. - Hello. - Hi. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. Marina Avdin, former chief interrogator at the Markova detention center. I was just looking at your photo. Tom and I just adore Rome. How long ago were you there? Oh, what was it, five years ago? Has it been that long? Yeah.  We were going too for the millennium, but we didn't want to fly because of Y2K. At the time, it was a big deal. So we decided to go in the spring. Loved it. No crowds, no tourists. We even got to hear the pope speak. Yeah, yeah, that was pretty good. Yeah. I liked the part about Y2K. You can do a lot better, though. Oh, without a doubt. But don't worry. We're not gonna kill you over a bad story. Not on the first night, anyway. What's the connection? Why is the Contingent associating with terrorists, thieves, contract killers? More importantly, why are they all dressed up like the Cleavers? They must be using the facility as a training ground for some impending operation. It is unlikely a terrorist group could gain unlimited access to a russian military base without some kind of state sponsorship. Jack, talk to Alexei. I'll leave the negotiations to your discretion. Do we hold off on the abort code? For now. But be ready. This situation could deteriorate rapidly. This is my 3-layer casserole. Oh, thank you. Just enjoy. We'll later go over the recipe. Ahem. We'll go over the recipe later. I can't wait. - Good night, guys. - Good night. - Take care, all, all right? - Good night. Thank you. So...it's a lot to take in, isn't it? It's different from our usual jobs. Not to worry. You guys are doing great. Just a couple things to keep in mind. We recruited you because you're a couple. Embrace it. Americans love to show affection for each other. You two -- you seem a little cold. We're not cold. I know, I know. First night's a common problem. Don't sweat it. Oh, and just one more thing. We have a little homework for you. You want us to eat this pie? It's a little welcome gift. Open it up. Are you familiar with the new Tokorev? Get familiar. You'll need it tomorrow. Make sure you can assemble it in under 20 seconds. And don't forget to put Tammy's casserole in the fridge. That third layer's tuna. All right well, we'll see you tomorrow. - Sleep well. - Good night. - Bye-bye now. - Bye. Huh. Yeah. What the hell is going on? Yeah, it's like a weird nightmare. That we're trapped in. Did you see the security when we arrived? It's like an entire military division. Why would they go to this much trouble? They must be planning an attack. On what, suburbia? Maybe some sort of long-term infiltration. Why steal the E.M.P. if it's long-term? Why train operatives to be american if it's short-term? I'm not saying it's logical. They asked us to play charades. That's an act. They're well organized, they're professional. It's part of their test. Which apparently we're failing. Oh, come on, that was ridiculous. What did they expect us to do, just drop and go at it on the floor? If  one more person calls us boring -- He didn't call us boring. He called us cold. Who thinks we're boring? Nobody. That's not the point. How do we proceed? We have to assume they're tracking our every move. We maintain cover. Yeah, so just act like we have nothing to hide. I'll do some reconnaissance, see if I can locate the E.M.P. Okay, in the meantime, one of us should start on our homework. Can I help you with something? You scared me. I thought you might still be up. I wanted to thank Dianne for that bath salt kit she left us. That was really nice. How'd you know this was our house? Your name's on the mailbox. What are you, out for a jog? I needed to clear my head. Good chance to do some reconnaissance as well, I'd imagine. So what's your assessment of our little town? Strong military perimeter. Armed guards, rotating patrol. Not a lot of people getting in -- or out -- if you don't want them to. Lack of obvious security presence within the town itself suggests  heavy surveillance. Security cameras in all the street lights. In this immediate area, judging from the power lines, one of those houses is probably a guard station. Yeah. First sign of trouble, we sound the alarm, lock down the streets, give the snipers the go-ahead to fire at hostiles. It's our version of the neighborhood watch program. Helps everyone sleep well at night. Anyway... don't stay up too late, okay? Got a big day tomorrow. Oh! Um, I'll be sure and tell Dianne about the bath salts. - Thank you, Tom. - You're welcome, Karen. - Good night. - Good night. - How was your run? - Great. I ran into Tom. I don't really sleep well at night. Well, that's a relief. Hello, Jack. Alexei. What can I do for you? There's a military facility 300 miles southeast of Petrozavodsk. I assume you're familiar with it. We train some of our best operatives there. I need to know if the government is still running active operations out of it. Well, it depends how you define government, I suppose. I have assets in play within the facility. We may require assistance with their extraction. This is not some fringe group we're talking about, Jack. The people who control that base may not have official sanction, but there are many in power who look upon their actions favorably. You would have my gratitude for any assistance rendered. While that has warmed my heart, I'm afraid the reward does not outweigh the risk. What do you want, Alexei? Well, now that you mention it, perhaps there is something you can do for me. - Good morning, Tom. - Morning, Cheryl. Rise and shine. Got ourselves a big day. - Karen. - Hi, Tom. Aren't you just the picture of radiant? Good morning. Oh, how'd you sleep, Dave? Ah, like a baby. Hey, look at that. We're wearing the same shirt. You'd be amazed how often that happens here. Guess we'll be twins today. Shall we head out? Should I bring the gun? Nah, you'll be provided with one. We have a working gas station, movie theater. - Hi, Tom. - Hey. Supermarkets, bowling alley. Why would the government need a bowling -- Too many agents weregetting burned in the '50s. Soviets couldn't grasp the culture, so they immersed themselves in it. Found out there's no substitute for the real thing. Oh, hey, that reminds me. I, uh, have another little gift. If you two are gonna be a couple, you may as well be dressing the part. I just figured that might help with your... you know, intimacy issues. Oh. Mr. Bristow, you shouldn't have. Irina Derevko collected 19th century literature. There was a small bookstore in Prague that stocked rare first editions. Whenever I was in town, I'd buy one for her as a gift. Oh. That's sweet. The KGB encoded assassination orders in these pages. Oh. Well, that's... not as sweet. The NSA deciphered all the codes in these books, but Irina's former resident chief just asked for them back, which means there's something in here the NSA overlooked. Find it. It's not a novel concept. Trust me, somewhere in America, CIA agents are sitting around in a fake Peroskovia practicing their russian table manners. You built a used car dealership? Training station 327-F, home of the Krilov scenario. Your objective is simple. You have to buy a convertible. What? You'll be evaluated on characterization, reflex analysis, emotional response, and physical endurance. Physical endurance? Welcome to Liberty Village automotive. Good luck. You folks must have heard about our democracy sale. We've got 0% financing for 72 months and a mind-blowing selection of pre-owned stepsides. Uh, well, actually, Phil, we're here to buy a convertible. You sure about that? Because we only have one convertible, and it's a pretty fast car. That's how we live Phil -- fast. Okay. Few things scream freedom like a brand-new convertible. You put the top down, and excitement blows through your hair. What's it gonna take to get us over the curb in this baby, Phil? You guys are first-time buyers, aren't you? Is it that obvious? Well, you don't get to be regional sales associate of the month four times in a row without knowing how to read people. Newlyweds, right? Relative newlyweds. Let's see that ring. How'd he pop the question? He... took me to -- Santa Barbara, actually. I had this whole romantic weekend planned. Presidential suite at the Biltmore. Candlelit dinner on the cliffs overlooking the ocean. So we went into town, and she wouldn't stop talking about the zoo. So we went to the zoo. Figured I'd get it over with. And then I saw how happy it made her. It made me forget about all my stupid plans. And here we had a personal chef making this unbelievable meal at the hotel, but... I proposed on one knee in sawdust in front of a giraffe with a crooked neck. Now how can I resist the charms of young love? Tell you what. Let's sit down, and we'll talk deal. What? Good news, guys. I had to butt heads with my sales manager, but it turns out I am gonna be able to offer you the newlywed rate. There's just one small problem. Another couple is interested in the car. You guys know Ken and Linda, right? We met them last night. Well, they arrived in Liberty Village a few days before you did, and they're under evaluation as well. We're only gonna let one couple join our family here. And this being America, we thought we'd decide things with a good old-fashioned... competition. The winning couple gets to move on in our program. Oh, and a brand-new convertible. While the losing couple... well, dies. Now, I should probably get on out of the way before I get myself shot. Oh, and it looks like Lloyd gave them a bit of a head start. Sorry about that. Good luck to you guys. Get down! Come on! It's dead. Well, protocol dictates we contact A.P.O, let them know what's going on. We might have access to communications now that we've joined the Liberty Village family. They tried to kill us over a car. I mean if we stay, they might send us to the supermarket and launch grenades at us. Well, we can't just leave. This place is like a prison. Our best bet is still to maintain cover. Yeah, well, next time we go on one of his tests, I'm bringing our gun. I don't care what he says. Vaughn, come here. Is it bad? You've looked better. The story you told at the dealership -- we were supposed to go to Santa Barbara three years ago, and we never made it. Karen and Dave did. Well, I started by eliminating the more obvious -- sequence book codes, steganography, invisible ink, maybe the watermark. But then I realized it was right in front of my face the entire time. The inscription. Take a look. Right here. Ahem. "Laura, all my love, forever and a day... Jack." That's really sweet. I mean, that's a side of you I really never get to see, mr. Bristow. I have to -- I have to say, I like it. I fail to see the relevance. Right. Sorry. So did the NSA. Anyway, I ran a chromatographic analysis of the ink, and check this out. One of the periods in the ellipses contains ink that was different than the inscription itself. It was added after you wrote it. Irina encoded it with a microdot. So I magnified it with a digital microscope, and -- look at this -- it's a protocol Irina used to contact one of her operatives. Someone important, given how detailed it is. Any idea who she was communicating with? Well... all that's there is a code name -- Sentinel. Do we have copies of everything inside? Well, yeah, but you're giving it to the russians? Sentinel's a deceased operative. It's a dead end. The russians can have it. Our priorities are Sydney and Vaughn. Good. You're awake. We need to get you packed. We're going to America. The agreement was for all of the books. That's the one you're looking for. We haven't heard from Irina in quite some time. She's a difficult woman to keep track of. That she is. She always spoke quite favorably of you. Her attachment made her work problematic at times. I hope I didn't cause you too much inconvenience. I have an aircraft waiting at the Jeznyev airstrip. A support team will provide transport for your assets once they have left the facility's perimeter. Goodbye, Jack. Alexei. 1526 Glenbury Lane. 3-bedroom, 2-bath, hardwood floors. They've even got a breakfast nook. What, are we moving to Chicago? You're Chicago, they're Atlanta. Dianne and I are New York. You have a meeting on tuesday with Pierce Financial. We've prepared extensive backgrounds for you. Human resources should flip out over a young upstart couple like yourselves, provided you ace the interview, of course. We're attacking an investment firm? We just need access to their servers. At some point in the near future, an unfortunate incident is going to befall the New York stock exchange. If we have access to the servers of America's financial institutions during that time, we'll be in prime position for a massive redistribution of wealth. Think of it as, um, aggressive marxism. What's the casualty projection for this unfortunate incident? Are the gladiators of Liberty Village automotive having a sudden crisis of conscience? Civilian deaths mean repercussions. We'll need an exit strategy. That reminds me. We should go through the op-tech in case I have to reroute you guys through New York. What do you know about electromagnetic weapons? Mr. Sloane, the Tabakovs -- the couple that Sydney and Vaughn are impersonating? The germans just moved them. To a maximum security prison in Havel. The consulate informed me of the transfer a few minutes ago. The consulate informed everybody of the transfer a few minutes ago. They sent the order over an unsecured line. If the October Contingent had the Tabakovs' names flagged... Send the abort code. Get Sydney and Vaughn out of there now. Now, underneath you got a secondary compartment with your meet protocol, documents. We even threw in the backgrounds of all your new neighbors. Should help you make small talk at barbecues. Disengage the fail-safe, lift the cover, flip the switch. You don't wear a pacemaker, do you? I'm kidding. Hi, honey. Yeah, yeah. No, things are right on schedule. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes, no, they're very excited about their breakfast nook. Okay. Yes. I'll be sure and tell them. I love you, too. That was Dianne. She said to pack warm. Chicago's cold this time of year. She gets a little obsessed when we travel. You want some more coffee? I'd love some, thanks. Ha ha. Watch, I'm telling you, it's amazing. It's just like clockwork. As soon as we'll be outside of Vologda, she'll think that we left the stove on. So we had to do our initial evaluation at the Liberty Village fried chicken. I got burn marks all over my back from the fry machine. They're on to us. Yeah, I figured that part out. I don't know what happened, but we got to get out of here. Set it off! Set off the E.M.P.! Maybe it's time we move out of the suburbs. Russian authorities officially deny an american training ground ever existed within their borders. However, off the record, they have expressed gratitude for our assistance in their takedown of the October Contingent. We'll debrief in detail upon your arrival. But for now... good work. Thank you. Thank you. So, Alexei made good on his promise. Which means our suspicions regarding Sentinel are accurate. The russians are searching for Elena Derevko. Yeah. We will have to move up our timetable. It's strange, but I'm not exactly excited about returning to America for some reason. Well, it was kind of nice not to have to be us for a while. Well, I happen to like us, even if we are a little cold. And boring. Don't forget boring. How could I? You know, we have operational command of this aircraft. The pilot could take us anywhere we want. Our orders are to proceed with our extraction. If we were to divert this aircraft for our personal use, we would get into a lot of trouble. Yes. Yeah.