No. What do you mean, no? Look there. He's saying "Jewel" or "Julie." Maybe "Julia." Hello. Hello. Good to see you, Julia. Good to see you, too. We have another problem. What's that? Julia. I knew she couldn't be trusted. Vaughn's missing! This is what I meant. He's got CIA-issue equipment. Come here. Wait! I want to do it. You never should have betrayed me. This line is secure. Mountaineer, day code 78765, requesting patch-through. Connected. This is the first time I could call. Sydney, where are you? I'm in Spain, Dad. Listen to me. They have to activate the transmitter. I put it on Vaughn. He's on a road outside Ibiza. We're supposed to be tracking the biological weapons. Vaughn is bleeding to death. You have to move. Hold on. Flinkman. Trigger Sydney's transmitter now. Yes, sir. Send Weiss after the signal. Okay, I'm on it. Marshall's activating it. Tell me what happened. They found Vaughn. They were gonna put a bullet in his head, so I offered to do it. Dad, I stabbed him myself. I had to. I didn't have a choice. They were gonna kill him. We're tracking the signal. Tell me what happened with the package. The biological weapons are in Simon's room. He told me he's going somewhere with Javier to celebrate. I'm gonna break into his room and grab the weapons. We'll find Vaughn. Thank you. So, what's the rush? Timetable's moved up. That's all you need to know. Now, look at that. What's more beautiful than that? Perhaps what it pays for. Here. Cheers. Excellent. Biological weapons, please. It's rare that you find people that do their job well. Even a thief can take pride in his work, Mr. Sark. Well, here. Thank you. You know, this is trespassing. Surprise. I was looking for you. Where did you go? I took a walk. I needed some air. It's not every night I kill someone in the CIA. You know, if he was CIA, he certainly wasn't doing his job very well. We already made the exchange. The Covenant already picked up the weapons? Yeah. And they made payment. This is horrible. What? Well, I have a flight later in the morning. I never wanted to leave less. You know that, don't you? I thought the exchange was tomorrow. They moved up their schedule. When am I gonna see you again? I have so many questions. About what? Everything. Look, we work well together. I have your numbers. There's always another job coming up. I'll call you. Okay? And feel free to use the room. Thanks. We're on the signal. We're tracking him now. Oh, God. I got him! I need the medic! Medic! Over here, quick! I need the medic! We found him. He's in bad shape. They're working on him now. How is he? I don't know. No one does. "Critical but stable" is the official term. Is he awake? No. He was hypoxic. He lost oxygen when the stab wound collapsed his lung. They call it tension pneumothorax. Which means they don't know if he suffered brain damage. Lauren, I know that you've been generally briefed, but I need to explain the details myself so that you know how this happened. A member of Walker's team caught Michael. I still don't know how. Walker I.D.'d him as CIA. And stabbed him and left him for dead. I already know all this. It's in the briefing. Thank you. Lauren, that's not... Walker had a gun to Michael's head. He was about to pull the trigger. I took his knife. I stabbed Vaughn myself. You? Yes. Walker was gonna murder him. So you stabbed him? I had no choice. It was the only thing I could do to save Michael's life. Really? You cannot think that I would have chosen to hurt him, ever. Michael might never wake up from this. At 4.30 GMT, an imaging satellite picked up the heat signature of a small aircraft flying a tactical profile. The National Reconnaissance Office tracked it to a maximum-security facility in the Ural Mountains, where it flew multiple passes, deploying some kind of a biological weapon. The weapon Sark picked up in Spain? Most likely. Echelon intercepts between the responding emergency teams indicate that the entire prison population, 300 guards, 500 prisoners, died within minutes. There were no survivors? No, there was one. - One? - Yeah. Kazari Bomani. Right, and as we all know, Bomani's become the largest arms dealer in Africa. When authorities realised a biological weapon had been deployed, they called in a hazmat team to secure the facility. Bomani was being escorted into a decontamination unit. - That's all we know. - And how did Bomani survive? Actually, if I may, I could shed some light on the situation, as usual. Basically, Sark was able to combine an Ebola strain with the bioweapon he had stolen from Spain. We believe The Covenant tailored the bioweapon to kill everybody except the person whose genetic profile was encoded into the virus. - In this case, Bomani. - Yeah. I mean, the whole thing's pretty cool. In a sick, horrible way. Sloane is attending an MPO conference in Mexico City. I have a briefing with him the day after tomorrow. I'm still catching up. What did Sloane have to do with this? Sloane gave us the intel that led to Bomani's arrest. The subsequent dismantling of his terror network wasn't one of the reasons we agreed to pardon Sloane. It was the predominant reason. He might have a lead. Sydney, you'll accompany Lauren to Mexico. That's it. She thinks I stabbed Vaughn by choice. That I could have done something else, that it was payback. When someone's spouse is critically hurt or killed, rational thought takes time. I know. Tell me about Simon Walker. He's the only connection we have to your missing years. We can't squander this opportunity. Did he say anything else to explain how he knew you as Julia? No, when he caught me, he gave me the money and left. He didn't say where he was going. Just that he would contact me when another job came up. Another job. I'll contact Walker myself, posing as a client. I'll spec out a job, he'll assemble his team, and we'll take them into custody. Once we have them, you and I will have a face-to-face with Mr. Walker and find out everything he knows about Julia. And, Sydney, about Vaughn. You know you did the right thing. Thanks. Dixon told me about Michael. That he's off the ventilator. That's important. They're keeping him in an induced coma for the next 36 hours to minimise the chance of brain damage. Look, obviously it was your intention to save Michael's life. I understand that. But I'm gonna be honest with you. When I heard you were back, I felt threatened. And I hated myself, because I sympathise with you. With everything you've gone through. But working together like this. The stakes of this job are just too high. I can't work to the best of my ability while I'm wondering whether I'm being polite enough to my husband's ex-girlfriend. You don't need to be polite with me. We're both past formalities. Well, good. Then I'll be blunt. I want you to request a transfer to another field office. Lauren, everyone I know. All of the people I have left in my life, my friends, my father, work at that office. I thought it would be best if the request came from you. I know we're being blunt, but was that a threat? You don't have the authority to have me transferred. The NSC will support me when they learn that our working together is compromising the fight against The Covenant. If you don't make the call, I will. Excuse me, mate, you got the time? My watch is broken. Never buy American. So tell me, Mr. Warner, how'd you learn to contact me? We have a mutual acquaintance. Julia Thorne. Really? Oh, I love her. Yes. So, what's the gig? A fuel-cell automobile has been designed in Japan. The prototype was placed on a cargo freighter. It left Niigata this morning bound for Hong Kong. I want you to steal it. Oh, sexy. How long will it take you to put your team together? Oh, well, the question is, can you afford for me to put my team together? Don't concern yourself with my finances. I wouldn't have come to you if I couldn't overpay. Nobody ever overpays with me. Yes. Julia says you're the best. I'll contact you regarding the price and the location of our next meeting. You know, with all the specs regarding the shipment. Naturally. Cheers. Good night. Sign in, please. We're here to see Arvin Sloane. Oh, perfect timing. He's just arriving. Get in the van! Get in! Have you done this before? I cross-trained at The Farm. - Are you field-rated? - No. Kazari, you're thinking that I'm responsible for your imprisonment. Hello? I've got another job for us. Really? That's great. You sound distracted. I'm kind of in the middle of something. Look, are you available for another job? - For you, I am always available. - Can't that wait? Simon, can I call you back? Sure, baby. Okay. They're gaining on us. Tell the chase car to take them out. Don't look in the mirror. All that matters is what's in front of us. I think there's somebody back there. - Hit the brakes! - What? Hit the brakes and cut right, now! Go! Go, go, go, go! They're still coming. Through the alley. Go! - There's no room. - I can make it. - Back off. - No. Wait, Lauren, go around! Damn it! I thought we were partners. I thought we had an association. I was wrong. One day when I was a boy in Juah Town, the tanks came. The soldiers rounded up and killed all the men. Raped the women. My mother, Mr. Sloane, was raped. And then she was killed in front of me. In front of my brothers. My oldest brother threatened me, insisted I do nothing. But he couldn't help himself. He tried to fight them. The soldiers cut off his arm. Imagine it for me. Watching your own mother get raped. Watching her cut. Screaming. Can you even begin to do that? I swore that I will never be powerless again. That I would do anything to protect my family. And that anyone who got in the way of that would suffer the same fate as my brother. Yes, I turned you in, as you would have done me. Why? To obtain what you now need. Legitimacy. In a nutshell, Mr. Bomani, I could help you become more powerful than ever. Sloane was responsible for Bomani's imprisonment. Sark breaks Bomani out of gaol. The first thing they do is get Sloane. Hopefully, Bomani's got his revenge, and Sloane is either in incredible pain or dead. I want a full options briefing in my office, one hour. You start with your contacts in Washington. I'll check in with Strategic Services. What I said about requesting you transferred to another field office wasn't my place. And it's hard, but I'd really like this to work. I appreciate you saying that. Oh, my God. Where am I? You're home. You stabbed me. I'm sorry. I had no choice. Walker would have killed you. I know. You're okay? I was so afraid I'd lost you. I'm right here. Leaving you like that, not knowing if I'd ever see you again, made me realise how much I miss you. I miss you, too. You do? How could you do this to me? Hi. Sweetheart, you're okay. Do you remember me? Of course. Thank God. Hi. I'm going to the hospital. Vaughn's awake. It's the best news ever. I was hoping you could tell him that the topical application of magnets can influence the electrochemical processes. He needs to know this why? Oh, sorry. Buried the lead. It's for pain relief. Having a collapsed lung -- Syd, you're not gonna believe this. They found Sloane. His plane just landed in Van Nuys. They've taken him to our facility in Riverside. He's asking to speak with you. Oh, listen, let's not tell Mr. Sloane about the magnets. What have I missed? I was just thanking Ms. Reed for the attempted rescue. I appreciate your efforts a great deal. Did you escape? No, Mr. Bomani let me go. He let you go? He just let you walk right out the door? Yes. What did you offer him? Well, I gave him information that I eventually was going to share with you. My contacts within the Japanese mob, the Yakuza, have developed the first A.I. computer virus. It probes networks, analyses systems, and then writes itself. Creates its own subviruses. In the wrong hands, it can crash markets, destroy banks, shut down transportation, bring military installations to a halt. You're telling us you gave this information to a man who's working with The Covenant? Now I'm giving it to you so that you can disable the virus before The Covenant gets it. And I mean disable it, not destroy it. Because if Bomani comes to the Yakuza facility in Osaka and finds that the virus has been destroyed, he will know I tipped you off and have me killed. My life is in your hands. You've told Bomani you'd work for The Covenant? Yes. Now I'm telling you that I'm in a position to be a double agent. Working for The Covenant, but loyal to the CIA. What is it, Sydney? This is classic. Don't take my word for it. Have Marshall analyse the video he's making of me right now. Why don't you examine the lie detectors you're running on my voice? I promise you. He'll verify that I am telling the God's honest truth. Now, as far as our technology can detect, and these are next-gen tests, as high-end as it gets. He's not lying, folks. If there's someone who can fool those tests, it's Sloane. In theory, yes, but in practise, he'd really have to be using the next gen's next-gen lie-detector-defeating tech, which, frankly, even I can't imagine. What do we do here? Do we trust Sloane? The position of the NSC is that we accept Sloane's proposal and use him as a double agent within The Covenant. Just so that someone has said it. In the past two years, Sloane has obtained a pardon based mainly on the capture of a criminal who is now free. In addition, Sloane will be allowed to openly participate in Covenant activities based on the promise he will inform us of those activities. One could argue he's pulled off the con job of the century. It also appears that Bomani will kill Sloane if we interfere. Who would lose sleep over that? The U.S. government would have lost its most valuable source of underworld intelligence. The fact that Sloane holds all the cards is giving me a migraine. According to Sloane, Sark and Bomani are on their way to a Yakuza-run casino in Osaka, where they will download the virus from a secure server. Marshall will provide a program that will rewrite the virus and render it unusable. Sorry to interrupt. I did say I could do that, but not if I haven't seen the code. I guess this means I'm going on another mission. If you sanction it. I'll have Strategic Services devise a scenario for you both. Actually, another suggestion for the CIA suggestion box, which is a great idea. Sorry. What I was thinking is a surefire way to get invited into the back room of a Yakuza casino. Get caught cheating at gambling. Yeah, I have a little something here. This will give us an example of what I mean. Now, in high school, by applying the methodology of statistical probability, accounting for the continuous random variable of luck, I was able to come up with a fairly effective card-counting technique. You know how to deal a hand of blackjack? Yes, Marshall. Go ahead. Deal one for yourself. Can I get a cocktail? Five, six. Hit there. Hit me there. Stick there. Hit me twice here. Double down there. Stick. Hit me once there. You're gonna have a face card under there. Go ahead and turn that over. That gives you 17. Look at that. I've won nine times. Wow. I had a lot of free time in high school. Michael's doctors expect he'll be released tomorrow. If there's time, you should go and see him. I know he'd like that. Thank you. I don't know if there will be, but thank you. When you get back, then. Thank you for meeting me. Please. After your excellent work, you more than deserve the professional courtesy. Unfortunately, we have to be brief. I'm catching a plane to Osaka. We've taken on a new client. He says his name is Gilbert Warner. Corporate and personal tax returns confirm he's the CEO of Rodgers Automotive. But he knows how to lose a tail. I think he's a pro. I'd like some more detailed background. Would you mind running the check? I don't believe I have to. His name is Jack Bristow. He's CIA. Enter your account password, and within 90 seconds, you'll receive confirmation of an electronic transfer in the amount of $3 million. You don't mind if I ask you to look away? Of course not. Excuse me. Yeah. You're being set up. The man you're standing with is a CIA operative. His name is Jack Bristow. I hope you appreciate hearing this as much as I do. His daughter, Sydney Bristow, also CIA, goes by an alias. Great news, mate. Mr. Warner will be happy to hear it. Hear what? The team's been assembled. As soon as the money's transferred, we're in business. You know, while we're waiting, you never told me how you met Julia. Are you, like, lovers or something? No, not exactly. I ask because if you ever get the chance, I highly recommend it. Do you? Oh, yeah, man. On a scale of one to 10, 10 being the most degenerate displays of sexual theatre known to man... Julia's like a 17. You have your money. As soon as the job's done, we'll be in contact. You shot me. You shot me. You bastard. Listen to me very closely. You're dying. I'm the only one who can get you to a hospital in time. Tell me about Julia. Where you met her. How you knew her. I wasn't kidding about screwing your daughter. She's the wildest girl I ever had. Tell me about Julia if you want to live. You want to know how she likes it? Howdy. If I were any more nervous, I'd need new underpants just about now. I think I'm allergic to this moustache. I think it's cat fur. Just relax, honey. I'm just about to cheat at cards at a casino run by gangsters. I just want to keep my pinky fingers. We talked about this on the plane. I need to know you can do this. Let's play cards. I'll tell you something. Can you get somebody to help me with this? I can't carry all this. Yes, we can! You are very lucky. Oh, are you talking to me? Well, thank you very much. I am lucky. I'm lucky to be born in Texas, and I am rich enough that a woman this beautiful is willing to share my bed. Come on! Perhaps you might come into the back. I can convert your winnings into diamonds, or simply make an electronic transfer to the bank of your choice. That would be mighty hospitable. Domo arigato, Mr.... What is that? Tomosaka. We'll take care of that. You're gonna take care of it? Thank you. Mr. Tomosaka, we weren't cheating. No, we weren't cheating. You were counting cards. Are you gonna cut off your finger with that? 'Cause that looks mighty big to take off a pinky. I will take your hand! Don't hurt him! Put them in the closet. Okay. What was the password Sloane gave you? Ravenson 327. Okay, okay, I found the virus. God, the code on this thing. It's gonna take me a second to download a copy before I can render the virus unusable. You're gonna have to hurry. Sark's here. Come on! It's disabled. It'll take me a second to transfer a copy to our server. Done. Sorry. Vaughn will back me up. This is a true story, I swear. Sophomore year, college. Her name was April First. Birth name, by the way. Right. And for a month, I was obsessed. I thought this woman had to have my children, okay? The problem was that she only dated guitar players. Literally. A girl should have her standards. Since she worked at a coffeehouse, Eric decided to impress her on open-mike night. You play the guitar? No, no, not even a little. But I thought that, you know, if I got up on that stage and the spotlight was in my face, that maybe God would imbue my hands with the power of Stevie Ray Vaughn. So what happened? Oh, disaster. Just embarrassment. I didn't play two notes that went together. And what about April First? Oh, we made out in my Gremlin. You did what? Yeah. She got to work late that night. All she saw was me coming out with a guitar under my arm. Is that a good idea? If I have to hear that story for the fifth time, I'm gonna need it. Feeling okay? Okay. Yeah, unlike this guy, who took six months to sit up after he got shot. I was shot in the jugular. I was. I was unconscious for three weeks. And don't come crying to me if beer starts spraying out of your chest. Don't you have to get up early? Yes, I do. Alright. Good night, everybody. Can I grab a ride? Yeah. Good night. See you tomorrow. Yeah. Wait, you know what? I forgot my jacket.