Someone in my department. We've worked together for about a year now. You're kidding me. What's his name? Michael. - What are you doing? - Downgrading your network privileges. Pending the outcome of my investigation, your security clearance has been revoked. We have a situation. Ariana Kane - head of Alliance counterintelligence - she's investigating me in connection with the murder of Emily Sloane. I did not kill Emily Sloane. But I do have secrets. And the last thing I can afford, the last thing Sydney can afford, is someone discovering that my loyalty does not lie with SD-6. Kane needs someone to blame. Since she can't find who really murdered Emily, she's decided to blame me. I did not murder your wife. But if I don't find the person who did, Kane will frame me for it. I have some leads. I need you to pursue them for me. - Can I trust you to do that? - Of course. This will stay between us. - Hello? - Agent Kane, Arvin Sloane. Jack Bristow just left my house. - I want to report a murder. - Sit down. - Where was this murder committed? - San Francisco, last night. Who was murdered? I have five names - Alliance partners. I need their whereabouts and phone records for the dates listed. I've included dead-drop instructions. Assume the usual protocols have been compromised. Take it easy. Dad, get in. - Sydney, what are you doing here? - Kendall contacted me. He was worried because you hadn't signalled in since last night. - Alliance counterintelligence is after me. - Alliance? Dad, what the hell is going on? Someone extorted them out of $100 million. They think that person is me. Mountaineer, you've got company. Two vehicles - an outrider paralleling you one block west and a pursuit vehicle 100 feet behind. How long have you known about this? I didn't tell you because it didn't concern you. If the Alliance thinks you're lying to them, they'll kill you. That concerns me. What concerns me is having them suspect that you're my accomplice. That's why I've kept you out of it. Take your next left. Now. Take your next right. Your ride's a half-block ahead. Several months ago, the Alliance offered Sloane a partnership position. In exchange he had to kill his wife. Because Emily had learned the truth about SD-6? He poisoned her. Or so he thought. Soon after the funeral, Sloane began receiving odd messages. Messages designed to indicate that his efforts had failed. Followed soon after by a terrifying delivery. Proof she was still alive. And in exchange for Emily they demanded money. $100 million, which the Alliance paid, and the blackmailer killed her anyway. The Alliance obviously has to find someone to blame for this. So why focus on you? I was no more a suspect than anyone else, but as they examined my conduct they realised I had secrets. Elements of my alibi that, because of our work for CIA, I can't fully justify. - And Sloane, does he think you did this? - I'm not certain. - What are you gonna do? Stay here? - For the moment. I'll research what I can. The man I went to meet at the movie theatre had information about the Alliance. Intel I'm not sure the CIA can access. - It's SD-6. - You have to go in. - No. I'm calling in sick. I'm helping you. - No, Sydney. You can't. The agent heading up the investigation is not interested in you. Not yet. But if you don't show up, you will arouse her suspicions. We can't allow that to happen. OK, let's be honest. Among life experiences to be avoided, getting kidnapped definitely ranks near the top. Except actually third grade kinda sucked too. There was this whole thing, lunch money thing, with the... Uh, I kinda overdid it, but you saved my bacon. Thank you. - Marshall, thank you. - Don't worry about it. Oh, uh, Mr Dixon. I really never have an occasion to buy another man a present, except my father for Father's Day, but... - Anyway, it's cologne. - Thank you. I think it's a really nice scent and it's gonna be nice on you. Not that you need a new scent or anything. I mean, your natural scent's really... - very... - Marshall. - You know, I'll be quiet now. - I appreciate that. Actually, Mr Sloane, I notice you're not wearing the tie I gave you. It's OK. You're looking at a prototype of the Triad's most startling achievement to date - a quantum gyroscope missile guidance system. According to the partial specifications we were able to intercept, not only is this device cheap and easy to manufacture, but it is far more accurate than anything in our current arsenal. It is capable of transforming a '70s-era Scud into a precision-guided munition with a range and lethality equivalent to that of a cruise missile. How did we get these photos? Last month SD-5 tasked a team of agents to perform a recon op on the Triad's R&D lab in Nice, France. Your task is acquisition. Here we have Karl Schatz. He's a courier for Triad, and he's transporting the prototype to Berlin for mass production. You will intercept it en route. There is no room for failure on this one. You can imagine the consequences if enemies of the United States acquire this technology. There are so many things I hate about Arvin Sloane. But the thing that I hate the most is the way he wraps his criminal activity in the flag. Well, we won't let him get away with it. Before you go we'll make a defective copy of that gyroscope for you to give to SD-6. We'll need to see those photographs. Dixon has 'em. He's already on his way to Nice. Then we'll have to get a team to France. When you're through with your mission, make sure you're holding the gyroscope. We'll duplicate it on site. And, Syd, you should know that we've been doing everything we can to help your father. - You've been helping my father? - Yeah. You knew the Alliance was investigating my father? Yes. - For how long? - Two weeks. - Syd, I understand you're upset. - Yeah, I am. - Your father said why we hadn't told you... - Now I've had time to think about that... It was a question of your safety. - He was almost killed. I saved him. - It hadn't gotten to that. But it did. I didn't want you to have more on your mind. Why are you worrying about what's on my mind? It was a judgement call. A judgement call that you've been making for the past three months. Involving you had no upside. There's no upside to keeping me informed? You didn't tell me about Manolo or that you had discussions with my mother. You didn't even tell me you were seeing Alice again. Wait. What is this about? This is about me being too old to be coddled. Your life is complicated, Sydney. Forgive me for trying to make it any easier. I don't need you for that. Jack, I'm sending this through a secure server. I'm sorry. I informed Ariana Kane that you visited my house last night. Not because I believe you're guilty - I don't - but because I had to. This past summer, when I was initiated into the Alliance, a device was implanted into my neck. It was intended as a means of ensuring loyalty among Alliance partners. Among other things, this device tracks my whereabouts as well as my vital signs. It also transmits my conversations back to the Alliance. So, you see, they already knew you'd been to see me. You offered many suspects, but all your leads were dead ends. Now I offer one of my own. Last year, I murdered a member of the Alliance, Jack. Jean Briault. You can understand why I was reluctant to reveal this. It is quite possible that the blackmailer was stirred by revenge, that he, or she, was close to Briault. Stay safe, Jack. Good luck. Briault has a wife and an adult son, but neither would have had the necessary insight to blackmail the Alliance. And the other partners considered Briault soft. No one was sad to see him go. So you have nothing. Are you considering going into witness protection? That would leave Sydney exposed with no one to watch her back. You'd have to take her with you. And have her spend the rest of her life looking over her shoulder? That's not an option. Then if you're not here to say goodbye, why'd you bring this to me? I need someone to brainstorm with. Surely the CIA has teams who specialise in these matters? Forensics, profilers... Yes, they do. Have Information Resources pull everything they have on Briault. I understand that you requested Sydney Bristow's computer. Well, three months ago Agent Dixon reported evidence suggesting she was a double agent. That was a misunderstanding. Dixon came upon Sydney as she was executing an operation Jack had authorised. Yes, I read your report. I think either she was an accomplice to his blackmail, or else the two of them have been up to something more long-term. You must have noticed that Bristow frequently assigns his daughter to operations of his own design. Sydney Bristow is an excellent agent. All the more reason he would enlist her help. Once you recover the gyroscope, you and Dixon will separate for your flights home. Our team will be set up in this utility room, where they'll duplicate the gyroscope. - Any questions? - Maybe you should go over it again. It's a pretty complicated plan. Maybe you could make it easier. OK, look. I don't want to be here any more than you do. Hey. Look who's joining you in France. - Hey. - Hey? Three months in the hospital, I get a "hey"? How about a little sugar? - I'm glad you're back. - Thank you. And thank you for the plant, by the way. Amazingly I've been able to keep it alive. All right, bring me up to speed. What's our plan? I should get to my plane. I'll see you in France. OK. Nothing yet, Syd. No sign of the courier. Copy that. Just let me know when to move. - You know what? - What? I've already made 47 euros. Hey. - You sure you don't wanna talk about this? - There's nothing to talk about. - I share my fights with you. - No, you don't. Yeah, I do. Remember when Alan pissed in the living room? That was your dog. But I was angry about it and I let you know how upset I was. I appreciate you trying to cheer me up. You don't have to do that. All right, here's a thought. Tell her how you feel. I know, I know. I was the one who said this is a line you don't cross, but that was before I nearly died. And you know what they say about the white light and all that? No. They're wrong. It's darkness. Darkness. I understand. Game time, Syd. Here comes our guy. Gyroscope is in a shoulder harness under his left pec. You can use the Artful Dodger. Right. Now, if it's not in his briefcase and it's in his pocket, here is a little goody every pickpocket can use. I like to call this baby the Artful Dodger. You know, after that movie, um... - <i>Oliver!</i> - Right. "Please, sir. Can I have some more?" I thought that was a good one. So basically you just turn this guy like that, flip it on, turn it around, and this little guy will cut through anything. Damn it, I liked this tie. Better hurry, Syd. Syd, move. The waves keep on crashing on me for some reason How ya doin'? It wasn't me. Damn machine. It happens every time I go through these. Whatever. JFK, I went through five times. They literally had me take off my shirt. Oh, my God. Watch the hands. Hey. It's not a date. I see. You wanna get your thrills? Thank you. Good work. I'll see you in LA. Good work. Base Ops, this is Boy Scout. Mountaineer just delivered the package. We're proceeding with the copy. They're estimating two hours till the duplicate's ready. Listen. Do you wanna go to dinner? We were driving in town and I saw this place. Rousseau, I think it's called. Vaughn, we... - We can't do that. - Why not? Well, for a million reasons. If Alliance security sees us together, they'll kill us. The nearest Alliance cell is in Zurich. The CIA tracks SD-6 security section. There's been no signals, no movement. You're serious. We've been to restaurants and sat near each other. We've met in parks and convenience stores and all of them in LA where we are much more likely to be seen. Two things. One - I think it's not that great a risk. And two - I'm hungry, I'm starving. We're gonna be together anyway. Why can't we be eating? Aren't you hungry? Yeah, I'm hungry. - Let's do it. - Yeah? I'm gonna change. - That's a good idea. - OK. - And? - We're going to dinner. I'm gonna keep my comm channel open. I need you to monitor the RF frequencies. Got it. In exchange, I'll take an éclair. No, I'm serious. Any suspect signal, I wanna know about it. Anything. If they're small, bring at least two. How we doing over here? Sydney Bristow just left the airport accompanied by a man. Not Dixon. Find out who he is. Well, you speak French almost as well as I do. - Mademoiselle. - Thank you. See what you like and I'll be right back. - I think wine would help the situation. - I was just thinking the same thing. There must be a dozen ways to blackmail the Alliance. All of them far less elaborate than this one. So, we can assume a secondary objective was to make Arvin suffer. Someone harbouring an acute hatred. Meaning it could be anyone. Does the Alliance have any permanent operations in Peru? Peru? No. Why? Jean Briault, whenever he travelled, he would use his credit card. Except here. Six times this past year he went to Lima, and not a single transaction. I think there's a customs statement. Six arrivals into Chavez Airport. Each time he declared 70,000 in cash. Why? What's he doing with all that money? No investments. He's not buying art. Is it possible he was running his own syndicate? One the Alliance wasn't aware of. He can't wire his agents operational money - the Alliance will spot that - so he bankrolls them in Peru. Assume we're right. Why would they want revenge for his murder? I'll have Customs send over all arrivals and departures into Peru for one week on either side of Briault's visits. When I was your wife... I would meet my case officer in his hotel room. I suggest you find out where Briault stayed and pull the hotel security footage. So I heard you on the phone with Base Ops. Your code name is Boy Scout? Yeah. Why? Um, it goes back to CST - clandestine service training. You don't wanna hear this. - Vaughn. - OK. - The Boy Scouts have a motto... - "Always be prepared." Well, on my first day I showed up and I'd forgotten my field manual. So the instructor said "That is your one screwup." - "From then on you'd better be prepared." - This story is a disaster. - Tell her she's pretty. Are you an idiot? - I'm gonna turn you off now. Goodbye. Sorry. He's not SD-6. Check US DMV. - What makes you think he's American? - What makes you think he isn't? So who's our mystery man? Tell me about your pets. - What? - Your pets. I wanna know about every pet you've ever had. Look at that. Michael Vaughn. - US Department of State. - Son of a bitch. He's CIA. Playing pool. I can see it. We should play sometime. So, you liked everything? So, uh, it is too late for you to set out for Avignon, and you had much to drink. Upstairs I have an inn. And tonight you are my guests. Please. Take your time. Did you ask him to do that? There are so many issues with this... Hold on a second. I think we should have an open mind about this. An open mind? It'd be rude to overlook such a generous offer without proper consideration. - I wouldn't dream of it. - OK. - But there are clearly issues. - Yes. I don't disagree. OK. Good. Right on time. Go ahead, Base Ops. Infosec just called. Interpol reported a network intrusion. Five minutes later, someone hacked into US DMV and downloaded Vaughn's info. Both attacks originated from Nice. Boy Scout, do you copy? Boy Scout, this is Field Station. Do you respond? Boy Scout. What's the name of the restaurant? Where they're having dinner, what's the name of the restaurant? - Hello. - You've been made. Get out of there now. Syd, behind you. Go. Go. Gun. Toss it over. On your knees. Hands behind your head. Down. Get down. Potesh, Jonathan. ID: six Tango five Charlie David. Patch me through to Los Angeles - Ariana Kane. This is Kane. Hello? Hello? Hello? Take the car. I'll have Weiss pick me up. I'll pick up the copy of the gyroscope before I get on the plane. We're aborting the countermission. When these guys don't show up, SD-6 is gonna investigate. They can't prove anything, but this is the one time we can't deceive them. - There have to be options. - We have to give SD-6 what they want, as dangerous as that is. You know that. We were so stupid. - It's my fault. - That's not true. You have to go. I'll see you back in LA. - Hey. - Hey. - This your debrief for Kendall? - Yeah. You can't show him this. No, I'm serious. If Kendall sees this... He needs to know why SD-6 has the real gyroscope. I agree. I think so too, but this requires a little creativity. Look, tell him it was my fault. OK? Tell him that grinding the lenses took a little bit longer than expected and we weren't able to make Sydney's plane. - I won't let you cover for me. - I'm not. But it's partially my fault too. I'm the one that told you to take her on a date. - You told me to tell her how I feel. - Whatever. I'm three months past a near-death experience. What were you listening to my advice for? I'm recommending that I be replaced as her case officer. OK, now you're just being stupid. - I'm sorry but that's ridiculous. - I nearly blew our operation inside SD-6, not to mention putting Sydney's life in danger. She wanted to go to dinner too. She's a big girl. She knew the risks. My point is that my judgement was compromised. Not to mention all the damage that you and Sydney have done to SD-6. Have you given any thought to the fact that maybe all that work was done because of the way you guys feel about each other? How's that for spin? It's not bad. Whatever you decide to do, just make sure you discuss this with Sydney first, OK? I mean, this affects her too. Anything? Whenever Briault went to Peru, he stayed at Hotel Cero Cantidad. We're scanning everyone who passes through the lobby. If he met with any assets, they'll show up on the federal database. - This is Briault? - That's him last February. That's him 2001, November. - 2001, September. - Stop. Who's that with him? Can we enhance this? The shadows are pretty severe. - I can boost the gamma. - Are they together? Let me try something here. This won't be perfect. Jack, I just saw McCarthy. - Did he tell you about Kane? - She and Briault were having an affair. I can't stand that I didn't put that together myself. - He also says you're going to SD-6. - To prove Kane blackmailed the Alliance. You know this how? The very day Sloane handed over $100 million in bearer bonds, Kane opened an account in Monaco. The contents of that account are protected by privacy laws. But SD-6 utilises their cover as Credit Dauphine to acquire illicit access to that information. If I can get on their network I can verify her balance. But this is based on your assumption that Kane just parked 100 million in the bank. My point is, if you're wrong, they'll kill you. Let me contact the director. The CIA can verify what's in the account. He'd have to get General Counsel to sign off. That's minimum 48 hours. I may be safe here, but if they haven't already, they'll soon begin to suspect Sydney. But I appreciate the offer. Jack Bristow's here. He's in the building. The security log shows he came in two minutes ago. Seal the exits. No one leaves until we find him. Who monitors closed circuit? - Jack. - Can I help you? Yes. Come with us, please. Hello, Jack. There's a plane waiting to take us to London, but I thought we should wait for your daughter to return before we left. I came here to investigate a blackmail, but you've proven far more compelling than a simple thief. I know what you did. Do you? I'm eager to hear what that may be. Sodium Pentothal. Won't take more than a few minutes. Then we'll talk about Sydney. Five minutes longer and I would have told everything. Sydney and I would have been revealed as double agents and killed. Fortunately Sloane saw the email that I sent him from the server room detailing what I discovered. Ariana Kane had in fact deposited the bearer bonds into that Monaco account, but only long enough to convert them into cash, which she then transferred out. And have they recovered the cash? Not yet. - And Arvin never questioned why you ran? - No. He realises Kane was on a witch-hunt, that running was a valid option. In fact, he's taking a week off and leaving me in charge while he's gone. Thank you for everything. - There is one thing that strikes me as odd. - Yes. Me too. You said Sloane requested Kane to investigate. The one person who had an apparent motive for blackmail. - Someone easy to frame. - Interesting theory. Or not. - Hey. - Hey. - What did Kendall say? - He told me about your father. He didn't mention anything about our date, if that's what you mean. - Have you written your mission debrief? - No, not yet. If I tell the truth, at the least, they'll remove me as your case officer. But despite what we did, how stupid we were, I know we do good work. - We need to stay together. - I agree. We do good work. I don't understand. When I got back to SD-6 and saw my father, it was clear no one would be asking questions about Kane's missing agents. So I gave Sloane the counterfeit gyroscope. This is the real one. - We win. - At the airport you took them both. Always be prepared. So I had a blood test today, for health insurance. There was this guy there giving blood. He was kinda cute so I look over and I smile at him, and guess what happens? He fainted. - You just guessed that he... - It's a blood-sugar thing. OK, well, fine. Before I realised that, I was pretty psyched. I was thinking "Wow. My smile made a man go weak in the knees." Hey, oh. How's... Any news about that guy Michael from work? No. There's not gonna be. I realised it's not worth fantasising about. Nothing's ever gonna come of it. Right. OK. Get your coat. We're going for cocktails. - Oh, no, Francie. - I'm serious. You need the biggest cosmopolitan. Come on. Up, up, up, girl. We're gonna go out, paint this town. Let's do it. Shake this off. - Damn, I'm good. - It's working? What did I tell you? You asked me if this was possible. I said "Give me three months." Look at that. 89 days later. - They can't hear us? - Nope. The hard part was cracking the spread spectrum algorithm. The transmission in here has to match their receivers exactly. You see that? That's the switch. What are my associates hearing? I programmed in a variety of ambient sounds - rain, TV chatter. Right now you're cruisin' down the 405 listening to Miles Davis. And biorhythms? Piece of cake. EKG readings, breathing patterns... As far as they know, you're as steady as Charlie Watts. Ten mil. Holy God. - Must feel good. - What's that? Being able to speak freely. Nobody knowin' your business. Yeah, it does. We did it. Are you sure?