you don't want to hurt anybody, but you're guaranteed you're gonna hurt everybody. What are you talking about? - I really don't know. - That's helpful advice. If you think I'm gonna tell you to stay in a loveless marriage... It's not a loveless marriage. Whatever. And if you're waiting for me to tell you to leave your wife for another woman, you can forget about that, too. Do you think you can be in love with two people at the same time? No, I don't. However, I did have the same intense feelings for both Sporty and Posh Spice. Yeah, who didn't? Come in. I found your size. Great. Thank you. Do you have something similar in black, maybe with some lace? Thanks. Come in. I must say, you're quite an impressive actress. When I approached you in the parking garage, even I didn't realise you and I were working for the same organisation. Would you like to put something on? No, I'm rather comfortable like this. Would you like me to put something on? Hardly. You and I share a similar predicament. The Covenant. We're expected to carry out orders without knowing exactly how or why we're doing so. Hence the death of my father. At your hand. You were given and carried out orders without question. Not that my father deserved to live. He didn't. It's just that I'm bankrolling this entire operation while being treated like a worthless foot soldier. Why are you coming to me with this? Because since I've learned of your true affiliation, I've studied up on you. Your history. Your skills. Your connections. I also like your perfume. What do you want? To stage a coup. I know of three cell leaders. I believe you know the other three. I propose we eliminate them all. Look at this. It must be your lucky day. Actually, I believe it's my lucky day. Once we eliminate all six cell leaders, we'll travel to St. Petersburg to meet with the head of Covenant operations. Why, to make it easier for him to kill us? On the contrary. Each cell leader wears a watch containing access keys to their respective headquarters. Once we have all six keys, we'll force our ascension within The Covenant, under threat that if they don't comply, the keys will be handed over to the CIA. Which colour do you think my husband would prefer? I prefer the black. Red it is. Dad. I thought we might talk business over dinner. We've got a lock on Cummings. She's operating out of a high-end club in Athens. You're going in as South-African diamond smugglers. You've heard of her work, want her to upgrade your Cape Town facility. How about we just tell her we're CIA and want to ask her some questions? We believe Cummings designed the security system. We're not 100%. We need to confirm her work in Chamonix first, then persuade her to detail the countermeasures she put in place at the chalet. They're prepping the mission now. Dixon will be contacting you within the hour. I expect Vaughn will be going with you. Yeah, I figured. You realise it is your prerogative to ask Dixon to send someone else. If Dixon sends me on an operation, I'm going. What I mean is, someone instead of Vaughn. I'd be more comfortable going with Weiss. The contacts, the ones used to locate Cummings, Weiss cultivated them while working a Pan-African smuggling operation. I'll call him in, have him meet you in tac-ops. Thank you. The deficit must remain below 3% of GNP. Yes, Robert. Well, of course. You shall see the figures. You're on. Well, absolutely. No, there is now no question. Robert, would you mind terribly if I call you later? Thank you. Mr. Gathird, Lauren Reed. We met before in London. Of course, Ms. Reed. What are you doing here? There is something I was hoping we might be able to discuss. And only a man of your position within The Covenant can help me. Still, there are protocols. You didn't worry about protocols the last time we spoke. I'll meet you gentlemen upstairs. I need your counsel. The CIA's aware there's a mole in their organisation, and I'm feeling vulnerable. Why come to me? Well, you said the last time we spoke that if I ever needed anything... I need your help. Do you have a minute? You know, you're unbelievably good. Come on. Our flight to Paris leaves in an hour. Yes. Yes, it does. There she is. Can I help you? Tell Ms. Cummings her clients are here. You are sweet, darling. Sit down. John Steadman. This is Rebecca Davison. A pleasure. I prefer not to shake hands. Sit down. You want to secure a facility in Cape Town? Yes, a diamond-processing plant. We've had trouble with break-ins. The political situation there is unstable. They say we're stripping their land of its natural resources, but honestly, do you think God intended this kind of beauty to be wasted in the ground? Whether we end up working together or not, do me a favour, huh? Don't talk to me about God. What did God intend? Hell if I know. Not a clue. My work is good. Yes, we know. We're very interested in one of your lethal response systems. What you're asking me to do is illegal in most countries. So, Mr. Steadman. Give me one good reason why I would ever risk my ass for you. I believe we can give you 2 million reasons. Well, looks like y'all don't need an ATM. So, what did you kids have in mind? Something like the system you built in Chamonix. And how do two South-African rock wranglers hear about Chamonix? The owner is a client. Yeah. I outdid myself on that one. But if you're interested in a job like that, those stones won't even cover the down payment. They barely cover this conversation. Well, then I have a counteroffer. Really? Show us the schematics for what you built in Chamonix. Tell us how to bypass the system. In exchange, we will make sure you're treated well while in custody. You're smart enough to know the CIA has big, wide, comfy cells with hot water, cotton sheets, and TV. We also have cramped, cold, little cells with a bare cot and a hole in the floor. See, either way, you're coming home with us. Where you live is up to you. There is no bypassing the system. Okay, Cummings told you the chalet is virtually impenetrable. They've got three tiers of tree-mounted security cameras, plus there's military-trained guards that patrol. We need to find some way in. The Doleac Agenda could mean the end of The Covenant. I said virtually impenetrable. Now, the lethal response system Toni Cummings built is in a half-mile-long tunnel, and that'll serve as our way into the chalet. According to the schematic she gave us, the lethal response system is comprised of three zones. You've got your automated sentry guns, electrified zone, and the big finish, motion-triggered acid spray. So how do we get through? - Well, what I'm thinking... - We. I'm sorry. We. She was very helpful in creating... In fact, she's always very helpful. Inflatable Kevlar. Now, when you hit the first tunnel, you toss it in. The guns will open fire, but the ball will keep moving, which means the guns are gonna keep firing until they're out of ammunition. Now you're at the electrified zone. Cummings armed the tunnel with 150,000 volts, which will be a 15 on this metre. You want to double-check it there. The Neoprene layer you will be wearing will protect you, even if this clocks in at 25. - And the acid bath? - We're working on that. And we need to figure out a way to get around the alarm diagnostics. - Right. - Ow! - What? - God. - I'm sorry. The baby's kicking. - Really? He or she is usually pretty inactive at this time. You keep track of when the baby kicks? - Carrie, are you okay? - Yeah, I'm good. The baby's kicking. I'm good. Hello? Jack, it's Arvin. When you suggested I see a therapist perhaps you were right. I'm supposed to say something important? You can say anything. You're far more attractive than I imagined. What did you imagine? I checked up on you. Yale, Columbia, prestigious internship at Mass General. And then you end up as a GS-18 buried in some cubicle at Langley. Well, I wanted to serve my country. And I found that people who worked in intelligence had to grapple with some serious issues. Living duplicitous lives, compartmentalizing the personal and professional. It's a difficult challenge. I presume that you treated Sydney and Jack Bristow before. I can't discuss other patients with you. Then they were your patients. I am not here to play games with you, Mr. Sloane. Dr. Barnett, how can we possibly have an honest conversation if we can't talk about the most important people in my life? You can talk about them. I'm sorry you came so far, Dr. Barnett. I can stay as long as it takes. We can just sit here until you feel more comfortable talking. I'm afraid that day will never come. Well, I will be staying in Zurich for two more days. I urge you to consider that after I return to the States, you'll still be feeling whatever it is that you were compelled to call me here for in the first place. Here's my number. If you change your mind. We just received intel that 12 hours ago, Johannes Gathird, the Executive Director of the Dryden Bank, was murdered in the garage of his Berlin office. Gerard Kronish, CFO of Chantre Telecom, was found dead in Paris 40 minutes ago. The confirmed intel suggests that both were high-ranking members of The Covenant. They must know we're after the Doleac Agenda. They're killing the names off the list before we can get to them. Hi. Is it true you're moving up the timetable on the mission to the Alps? Yes, we're discussing that now. Sydney and Vaughn, there's a plane waiting to take you back to Chamonix. The override I'm building to bypass the lethal response system... Haven't quite cracked it yet. How long do you need? Well, assuming I'm a genius, six hours. Can it work remotely? Yeah, I don't see why not, but it would require someone to execute an uplink in Chamonix. Jack, you'll go with them and handle the uplink. The three of you, wheels up in 15 minutes. Comms and encryption synchronised? High-band protocol. Marshall tweaked them so there's no delay. I know you requested Weiss for the last mission. I understand. Every day I wish I could go back in time. But I can't. And as much as I... As much as I still have feelings for you I won't be the other woman. Not ever. I know. According to Lisenker, the Doleac Agenda is hidden in the wine cellar. It's encrypted on a microdot that Lisenker injected into the cork of a bottle of Chateau Margot, vintage 1953. Chateau Margot '53. Got it. - Hello? - Hi. Michael, where are you? Or can't you say? I'll be out of town for a day or so. Are you alright? I just miss you. When you get back, I'll make you some dinner. Something delicious. It's a date. Be safe, love. Watchtower's in position. Copy that. How's our position? You look clear. Establishing uplink. Base Camp, I've established a laser link to the security server. - Are you receiving the signal? - Uplink is 5x5. We're tapped into their security network, and I'm accessing now. We're in position at the tunnel entrance. Copy. You're patched through to Base Camp. Okay, you're gonna have to take each kill zone one at a time, but don't sweat it, because you can bet your life on that gear I gave you. Well, maybe not your... My life you can bet. That's fine. I'm gonna sever the kill zone's diagnostics from the main alarm system so the guards won't know you're there. For how long? You'll need to get through the lethal response system, into the wine cellar, and back again in five minutes. Start the clock, Base Camp. Okay, and the five-minute countdown has been activated. Initiating phase one of lethal response system. Inflating decoy. - We've cleared the guns. - Copy, Mountaineer. 4 minutes and 10 seconds remaining. - Marshall? - Yeah. - It's time. - Time for what? The baby. I'm having a baby. Oh, my God. Okay, don't panic here. We should probably get you some hot water, a towel... - No, a hospital. - Ambulance is on its way. I don't want to go till we're married. You want to get married to me now? - Yes. - You can do it. You can be certified online in minutes. - He can? - I can? Base Camp, Mountaineer and Boy Scout are at the electrified zone. - Sign here. - Marshall? Exalted minister of the Internet Church of Mammals? Oh, just sign it, for the love of God! Initiating voltage reading. - The reading's at 50. - You'll have to abort. Your suits are not equipped to handle that much voltage. 500,000 volts. That's got to be a mistake. You've got three minutes. Stay away from the sides and the ladder. Only go down the centre. Okay, as soon as I hit the ground, go. Okay, you have 2 minutes and 30 seconds, Mountaineer. Okay, 2 minutes 17. Syd, stay to the centre. You okay? I'm okay. We've cleared the second tunnel. Copy, Mountaineer. Mountaineer, you've got a minute 45. Okay, breathe, honey. Breathe. Approaching the third countermeasure. Acid kill zone. We're firing the sealant. Okay, let's move. Base Camp, the sealant better hold. You're good, Mountaineer. Marshall, do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? I do. And, Carrie, do you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband? Take a second. I do. Then, by the power vested in me by the Church of Mammals... Okay. Okay. I got to go to the hospital. I now pronounce you man and wife. I love you, Mrs. Flinkman. - I'm keeping my name! - Fine. We're at the wine cellar. You only have a minute left until the alarm system is back online. Oh, and, by the way, I just got married. Look for the '53 Chateau Margot. 30 seconds. '59. '58. '57. Got it. 20 seconds. Mountaineer, report. Mountaineer, Boy Scout? Oh, God, get out! All security teams have been alerted to your position, Mountaineer. Let's go. Boy Scout and Mountaineer are clear. Proceeding to the rendezvous point. Copy that. Oh, I got to go. My wife's having a baby. - Congratulations. - Thank you. Something you should know. I spent three years studying you for my postdoctorate dissertation. The agency gave me complete access to your files from SD-6. I know the decisions you made, the people you killed. I know what happened to your wife. And to some degree, I understand you, Arvin. And I can help you if you let me try. I'll head to Los Angeles. You go to St. Petersburg and present our offer to the head of operations. When he agrees to our terms, contact me. You're not worried that I might fail to include your role in this, are you? Not in the least. Especially since I'll be keeping these. I manipulate people. I'm good at that, and I know it. I lie. I keep secrets. I divulge only what I must in order to elicit the reaction I need. That skill, in part, is why I'm still alive. One of those secrets affects the only two people I care about in the world. Sydney and Jack Bristow. There are many secrets I enjoy keeping. There is power in secrets that you keep. But this one. Oh, this one wears on me. It has for many years. It's central to my very existence. It's who I am. You were saying? I appreciate you coming back. I do. But I can't do this. It's important. I think you should leave. Right now. Your hair. That's cool. You're the man behind The Covenant? I'm the man in front of the man. When'd you cut your hair? It wasn't a matter of choice. I was in U.S. custody, as I thought you were. When were you released? That's a good story. To your hair. I'll be the senior most Covenant representative that you'll be dealing with. Anything you have to say to the big boss, you can say to me. I assume you have something to say. I've come to make an offer. Wouldn't by chance happen to have anything to do with the cell leaders that you wiped out? It's amazing, the stuff I know, isn't it? So, what do you suppose we do about that? The fact that you murdered our cell leaders. I presume you're smart enough to know that I was acting in The Covenant's best interest. Julian, don't do that. I can see right now that you're scared. But you don't need to be scared of me. In fact, I have a present for you. Voilà. Look familiar? And also, two more. Two more after that. And one last one. Did I just blow your mind? See, when you first pitched your scheme to Miss Reed, she gave me a call. Truth of the matter is, you two had my double thumbs-up from the get-go. Why? Because the CIA is after the Doleac Agenda. Assume they get it. They will have the names of the cell leaders. You just made my life so much easier, because now those names are irrelevant. A woman after my own heart. Glad to hear that, 'cause you two are gonna continue working together. You're gonna be heading up our new North-American cell. That sounds just about right. You're cockier than I am. I love that about you. Now, of course, this doesn't absolve you of your responsibilities working overtime as an agent for Uncle Sam. Of course. But in the meantime, may I suggest... And this is just a suggestion. That you put the kibosh on your husband's extracurricular sex-tivities? Did you hear about Carrie? She had her baby. I see what's going on between you and Michael,