also a double agent with CIA. Get down. I guess we'll just have to learn to trust each other. Bristow's CIA contact: Michael Vaughn. My guardian angel. Her current assignment: to infiltrate and destroy SD-6, a secret organisation dealing in espionage, extortion, weapon sales, posing as the CIA. SD-6 has made over $400 million in arms sales alone. The sanctity of this agency requires the sacrifice of some personal freedoms. This is not about cutting off an arm of the monster. This is about killing the monster. Bristow's mother: formerly Russian intelligence, recently turned herself in to the CIA. Mom? Intel indicates she may still be an enemy of the United States. The true loyalty of Agent Bristow's mother remains unknown. Previously on <i>Alias:</i> I want your help to persuade Sydney not to interact with her mother. Why? Because Irina Derevko is an opportunistic sociopath, who will use whatever inroads she can make with my daughter to get what she wants. Well, I'm sorry, but I am not in the habit of helping a father manipulate his daughter, no matter how good his intentions may be. Sark is looking for a music box designed by Rambaldi. The box plays a unique tune. Encoded within the tune there's an equation. - For what? - Zero point energy. Watch your step. If you fall through the ice, it'll freeze over in four seconds. Cooper. Reading four, four tangos. They're heading for the entrance. Novak, they're under the ice. - Sydney, do you copy? - I read you, Dixon. What's wrong? Get out of there. Sark's here. Sydney. Hi. The music box that you were sent to retrieve, Mr Sark got away with it? Yes. But after 500 years buried in the Siberian ice, the music box was corroded. It practically fell apart in my hands. It's odd. - What's that? - Milo Rambaldi. He's done this before, many times. Hiding information inside works of art: the clock, the sculpture. Hm? But this time he chose to bury one of his most important innovations, the formula for zero point energy, inside a music box. You're talking about an inventor who lived 500 years ago. Anything regarding Milo Rambaldi seems odd to me. Well, what's unusual isn't how he hid the information, Sydney - it's where. Why would Milo Rambaldi go to the unimaginable length of having catacombs built in Siberia, only to leave his music box exposed to corrosive elements? Another Rambaldi mystery. So, do you think Sloane suspects you? That I used the inhaler to corrode the music box? No, I don't think so. Sloane made sure I knew how relieved he was that I made it back safely. I went home and took a shower and came here. Good. By the way, you should know, Siberia was a complete success. When you activated the music box, we recorded it. It's at Langley for analysis. - So we got the intel and Sloane didn't. - Neither did Sark. What? The information my mother gave us helped us again. That's all. You know, you can talk to me about your mother. I know that doing that is harder for you than you make it seem. - Well, it's my job. - Vaughn, she killed your father. - Yes. Thank you. - You don't have to pretend with me. - And you don't have to withhold. - All I'm saying is that it's unfair. Maybe so, but I certainly didn't join the CIA looking for fairness. After everything she's done to you, are those things you could ever forgive? I don't know. Yeah, well, your father doesn't share that ambiguity. He's meeting with Assistant Director Kendall right now, and he is lobbying to have your mother taken away. As long as she's helping us in the war against SD-6 and the Alliance, she stays. - Did you even read my report? - Yes, of course. Well, why are you completely disregarding what I wrote? - Great job in Siberia, Agent Bristow. - Thank you. Excuse me. I agree with what you wrote, that on more than one occasion, your mother has provided crucial intelligence to the CIA to the detriment of SD-6. And it would even appear that her actions have kept you out of harm's way. - Dad, that's a fact. - There's another fact. Nothing that woman says or does can be taken at face value. Her motivations are strictly her own. Now that your dealings with your mother have taken on an emotional component, - I'm concerned. - Don't be. I'm more professional than that. Every one of our discussions has been specific and mission related. You told her about your school play. - You heard me tell her I was a turkey? - Yes. You were watching me. Dad, I have enough spying in my life to worry about... What I've been watching is you making the same mistakes with that woman that I did. Sydney, she's someone you've idealised for almost 20 years. You didn't learn about her history with the KGB until recently. - What does that matter? - That you've wanted a mother - your mother - all your life. And now here she is. Dad... You don't have to worry about me. I'm not that naive. I'm sure that's something we both hope is true. - You wanted to see me? - Yeah. Several nights ago, I received a phone call at my home. There was no one at the other end, just some high-pitched static. But something about the call left me unsettled. - Did security section run a trace? - Yeah. The call originated in Sonoma, California - the Barranca bed and breakfast inn. Emily and I spent some time there. It was... It was our favourite getaway. Simple. It was a wrong number. I'm not so sure. I don't understand what you're suggesting. I'm suggesting that someone may be trying to leave me unsettled. I would like you to send someone to Sonoma, Jack. I need to know who made that call. - Sure. I'll get security section... - Jack. I don't want this to get back to the Alliance. They can't know that I'm taking measures. - I understand. - Good. I'll send Dixon. Jack, there's something else. After Sark recovered Rambaldi's music box, we tracked him to a safe house in the Falkland Islands. We sent in a team. And did we retrieve it? Yes. It was destroyed with age, as Sydney said. Worthless. But we found something else. - He was not 80 years old. - At least. Syd, I'm serious. I expect, like, a delivery guy to be totally buffed out. I mean, he sounded hot on the phone. - Was he a cute 80? - Shut up. Hey, Francie, there's a woman on the phone from the health department. Ooh, I'm getting graded today. How's it going? OK. How's your mom? How are you? I got four weeks left of community service, then I'm done. Hey... You remember last week, when I cooperated, let the CIA hypnotise me? - Yeah. - What happened with that? Was I helpful at all? I'm only asking because about five minutes ago I was doing pretty well as a reporter, and now I'm just... I'm a dishwasher living in denial. That's all. - The information you provided was huge. - Huge? Really? Because of you, the CIA scored a real victory. I should have told you that before. I'm sorry. No, no, no, don't worry about it. That's so good to know. - Good guys or bad guys? - Neither. My father. - Everything OK? - I talked with Sloane this morning. He sent a team after Sark. He wanted to recover the music box. - I told him it was ruined. - Yes, but he wanted it anyway. He tracked down Sark to a location in the Falklands. Sark fought back. He got away. They did, however, find a man at that location. He was being held, tortured. His name is Claus Richter. Three weeks ago Richter was in Barcelona. - When I was there. - Yes, along with your mother. The operations manual of the organisation your mother used to run, the Bible, anyone who gets their hands on that book will gain access to all the contacts, technology and weaponry they amassed over the last ten years. Sloane believes your mother gave the manual to Richter, that he was the man who hid the book. - Do you think that's true? - I know it is. They brought Richter into an SD-6 holding cell, and I interrogated him. Before being brought into SD-6, Richter was screened for every type of possible infection: Ebola, HIV, retroviruses. They didn't find a thing, yet this man was clearly dying. Med-Tech believes he may have been suffering from an allergic reaction to something Sark used on him. Apparently, the first sign of illness was bleeding from the fingernails. Sloane wanted me to torture him, but that man was tortured as it was. So I gave him morphine. Irina Derevko gave you the operations manual for her syndicate. I would like you to tell me where you've hidden it. Derevko is a great woman. Morphine's not bad either. Let me be clear. I've only given you enough to last five minutes. Cooperate and get all you want. Resist, and you get none. Where did you hide that manual? The location was too remote to describe. It turns out Richter had designed a map to lead your mother back to the book's location. - So where is the map? - Inside a first edition of <i>War and Peace</i> located at the technical services library at FAPSI headquarters in Moscow. FAPSI headquarters. Sloane is preparing to send you to Moscow to retrieve Richter's map. I've had the CIA fabricate a bogus map. You go to Moscow, retrieve the real one, which you'll return to the CIA. You'll give SD-6 this map, which will lead them to the middle of the Sunken Forest. Why have you come to me like this, before my SD-6 briefing? You giving me the CIA countermission instead of Vaughn? - Because this is the best way to respond... - No, I know what this is. You don't want me to take this to Mom. There's no benefit in seeing her. You have all the information you need. We don't know that. Sydney, we've been doing this long enough to know that our system works. The system was stagnant until Mom turned herself in. Dad, we've covered this. We've both been betrayed by this woman. The difference between you and me is that I'm willing to squeeze her for everything she's got to take down the enemy. Anything to get me the hell out of this life as soon as possible. Anything. - I'm Will, and I'm an addict. - Hi, Will. I never thought about my reputation until I lost it. It all happened very publicly, so people actually look at me at the market and stuff. "Oh, hey, there's the drug addict from the newspaper." Well, actually, there has been one happy by-product from all this. I have a good friend, who, it turns out, I, uh, I didn't know at all before. And now she and I can talk in a way that we never did before. And, uh... And I don't think I would trade that for anything. - Same thing happened to me. - What? I learnt who my true friends were when everyone found out about my habit. - Um, Rebecca Martinez. - Hey, I'm Will. I know who you are, Will Tippin. I read your articles. The reporter with the big imagination who fell in love with the heroin chic lifestyle. - Yeah, yeah, that's me. - But my theory? I don't think you ever really were a drug addict. Why would you say that? I believe what you wrote about SD-6 was true. I think you got too close to some kind of secret conspiracy and they had to shut you down. They probably came after you, told you not to talk. I mean, they couldn't kill you, could they? No, that would expose them. So they threatened you and then, to ruin your rep, they shot you up. No, no. I made up all that stuff about SD-6. That was me. That was me being an idiot. - What? - I just... Sorry, I'm... I'm sort of a conspiracy theorist. I have a web page: conspiracychick. com. I wanna prove your story about SD-6 was real. Claus Richter is in SD-6 custody. I'm aware that you refuse to give the CIA details about this operations manual that you had Richter hide away. And I understand why. The knowledge contained in that manual is your only leverage. But now, having spoken with Richter, SD-6 is after it. Richter was found in the custody of Mr Sark. We don't know what Sark knows. He might already have the map in his possession. I'm here because SD-6 is sending me to Moscow. I'm going to retrieve the map at FAPSI headquarters. So if you want to help the CIA, as you claim to, you'll give us any information you have that will facilitate the recovery of Richter's map. When I turned myself over to CIA, a pair of earrings were taken from me. They have sentimental value. I'd like them back. I'll see what I can do. Then, in good faith, tell me how you plan on breaking into the library. She went to see her mother. I tried... I tried to stop her. I made it clear. Made what clear? Trusting her mother - she's playing with fire. - We've had this discussion. - There is no one else to do this job. - Sydney went to see her mother? - Yes, she's there now. Looking for help. The east wing stairwell is an option. I can see why SD-6 chose that route. But there's a better way to get to the sixth-floor library. Write this down. Once you're inside the building, don't take the main stairs. You just look to your left... No one wants a happy ending to this story more than I do, but I know this woman. I know her charms. I know her tricks. The way she presents herself, she disarms you. Some people have that talent. Compared to all of them, Irina Derevko is extraordinary. Is there any chance that all she wants is forgiveness? No. Be specific about your concerns. I don't know what it is Derevko wants. Maybe something within the CIA, maybe to recruit Sydney to her side. I can tell you, I know this: Derevko is using this agency and my daughter to get whatever it is that she wants, and everywhere I look, people are complacent and cooperative, listening to... listening to a woman who killed operatives of the CIA, who destroyed countless lives. Yours. We'll take your suggestions into consideration. Be careful. You asked me what I was afraid of. I can tell you. It's obvious. I'm afraid of losing my daughter. Hey. So, I heard your father came to see you, and he tried to preempt my involvement. He was just trying to keep me away from my mother. I know. She actually had some intel for this mission that could help. Good. Listen, as far as your mother's concerned, it's ridiculous for you to worry about me. I'm fine. What she did to my father, I can handle. But when I heard what your father did, coming to see you like that, I... I realised how insane this must be for him. Having your mother back in his life. Which only concerned me because that means he's not making it any easier for you. So, before you leave for Moscow, I just wanted to say that you might feel alone in all this, like you don't have an ally. I'm your ally. Never question that. Miss Bristow, your plane's standing by. I'll see you when I get back. OK, these medals that you won? Well, you didn't really win them and they're not really medals. This one right here is the Order of Bravery, right? Not a medal, right? No, it's an electronic skeleton key. It'll get you access to the sixth floor. This one, the Order of Zhukov, first class. This'll get you into the technical library. Now, this one is the Order of Merit. It'll get you into the ASRS. - What's ASRS? - Oh, yeah. The majority of the books are kept in a secure area underneath the building. Now, in order to get them, you're going to need to get to the selection terminal. What you'll do is you'll type in the name of the book that you want, then there's going to be this automatic crane thing that retrieves the book that you requested, and then deposits it over on the sixth floor, OK? Now, just make sure that you don't remove the metal until after you've logged out the system, or you'll probably set off the alarm, OK? Ow. Actually felt quite good. Whatever Arvin Sloane pays you, it can't be enough. Would you consider coming to work for me if it meant I'd let you walk out of here? I believe if you took the time to hear a comprehensive offer, you might actually say yes. You're cute, but I'll pass. - Go ahead. - It's me. I am trapped in the technical services building. I need a way out. My mother said something about secret passages. Get her on the phone. Sydney's trapped in the FAPSI building in Moscow. She needs a way out - now. - Where is she exactly? - Where are you exactly? - An office on the seventh floor. - An office on the seventh floor. - Whose office? - Whose office? - General Vitali Simonov. - General Vitali Simonov. Ask her if there's an abstract painting behind the desk. Is there an abstract painting behind the desk? Yes, yes, yes. Behind it there's an activation switch for a private security door. - What time does this place open? - Not for another hour. I'm out and I've got the map. Copy, Freelancer. See you at home. How do you say thank you to the woman who killed your father? You don't. - Sark asked you to come work with him? - Like it wasn't even a question. Like it was a done deal. Sark is like the good-looking guy in high school who knows how cute he is and won't take no for an answer. Any suspicious reactions to the map you gave SD-6? - No, they're analysing it now. - Good. We have a CIA tech trying to decode the real map. I know they're having trouble with it. Do you think Richter used a cipher text only they could read? Maybe. Your mother might be able to help us with this. If you're asking me to go see her again, she did have a request. They've been checked for hidden compartments, transmitters, passive sensors. Every sharp edge has been dulled. I was 21 years old when I was given these. At graduation from the academy, my mother, your grandmother, put these in my hands. I cried. She said "Sweetheart, wear them well." You would have liked her, had things been different. We need you to decode the map. I have a request. Sure. Mr Sloane is concerned about a phone call he received at home last Thursday night. The call was traced to the Barranca bed and breakfast in Sonoma, California. He's asked me to send someone to Sonoma, find out who was staying there, who might have made the call. - Whatever information you can get. - Sounds easy enough. No one's to know about this. Understood. Madagascar, close to Sambava. Latitude: minus 14 degrees, 26 minutes. Longitude: 49 degrees, 57 minutes and 20 seconds. She says the building is clean. There are no explosives or anti-intrusion systems. - We obviously can't trust this information. - Dad, come on. If she wanted me dead, she could have left me stuck at FAPSI headquarters. Your mother knows that the only leverage she has is the information about her agency. As soon as we get that manual, she's got nothing. Unless she wants to prove herself. That's the kind of hopeful thinking that will get you killed. - I'm going in. - No, you're not. Irina Derevko's proved her value... Do not talk to me about that woman's value. Of all people, you should know better. We're sending you to Madagascar to retrieve the Bible. You two, prepare to leave tonight. I want you to deal with Sydney's cover at SD-6. Let's move it. The team will be in Madagascar in 12 hours. I'll need you to have everything in place by then. On that time frame, I'll have to parachute in. Jack, I owe you. But why 30lb of Semtex? I could do the same job with 5lb of C-4. I need you to make sure that if anyone enters that building, no one will survive. God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference. Don't forget, next meeting Patty's bringing the doughnuts. Hey. I had a thought. You and I could do this together. Do what together? You could tell me what to do. Who to contact, what to write. I can publish it all on my web page, totally anonymous. - Rebecca... - And we could hang out. Which could be kinda nice. Do you like frozen yoghurt? I already told you that the whole thing about SD-6, it was all fictional. Will, come on. Now, why would anyone, especially you, make up a story like that? OK, just tell me this. Did they do this to you? A friend of mine, her fiancé was killed. The police, they thought it was just a random shooting, that some guy had broken into his apartment. And I was worried about her. I decided to play hero. I was gonna find out who killed him, and after that I was gonna... I don't know, maybe, uh... maybe our relationship would be different. But the more that I looked into it, the less I found. Then I had to make it up, because to me it was more important not to let her down than it was for me to just be honest with her. So, you wanna look into SD-6? Hey. Good luck. Will Tippin shouldn't be a problem. I gave him a number of opportunities, all recorded on audio files, to restart his SD-6 investigation. Tippin never took the bait. - Security section's seen that? - Yes. And they're classifying Tippin as a nonthreat. Good. - Did you talk to the desk clerk? - Yes, I did, sir. The Barranca Inn has no way of linking a back-trace for an outside line to an individual room, so we don't know which room it was that called your home. But we do know who was staying at the inn that night. Is that your wife's signature? Freelancer has reached the target and is heading toward position. We have you on-screen, Freelancer. There's the house. Freelancer's going in. We're at the door. Can you switch from the real-time SAT radar scan to infrared? Switching to infrared. - Sydney, hold your entry. - What is it, Dad? The building is wired to explode. See how these areas don't give off the same amount of heat as the surrounding structure? - That's because they're not made of wood. - What are they made of? Sydney, I need you to take a look under the house. Is there a crawlspace? She lied to me. Sydney, come on. We're pulling back. If she was counting on my trust, that I would just walk in there and set off the explosives, then why did she help us get this far? There are enough explosives in there to blow this entire place, operation manual included. Your mother was using us to destroy it for her. Secure the perimeter until... Your efficient reconnaissance work saved us the trouble of using our GPS. Thank you. Go inside and recover the operations manual. You escaped technical directorate after lockdown. Clearly you had no trouble decoding the map. I'm surprised Claus Richter was so willing to reveal his secrets. If I didn't know any better, I'd guess you had another source. Sydney. Sydney. Where's Sark? They're gone. Sydney, are you OK? We're OK, Dad. We're coming home. This is Assistant Director Kendall. I want Irina Derevko removed from this facility. I want her transferred to Camp Harris for unrestricted interrogation. She'll be gone within the hour. You were right about her, Jack. You were right. If I build a wall a hundred feet tall Would that keep you in? If I shackled your feet so you couldn't leave Would you try and run? I thought there might have been a chance to believe... to believe that she had no hidden agenda. Everything you said was right. And I was so stupid.