also a double agent with CIA. Get down. I guess we'll just have to learn to trust each other. Bristow's CIA contact: Michael Vaughn. My guardian angel. Her current assignment: to infiltrate and destroy SD-6, a secret organisation dealing in espionage, extortion, weapon sales, posing as the CIA. SD-6 has made over $400 million in arms sales alone. The sanctity of this agency requires the sacrifice of some personal freedoms. This is not about cutting off an arm of the monster. This is about killing the monster. Bristow's mother: formerly Russian intelligence, recently turned herself in to the CIA. Mom? Intel indicates she may still be an enemy of the United States. The true loyalty of Agent Bristow's mother remains unknown. Previously on <i>Alias:</i> - I'm Mr Sark, director of operations. - Who is your employer? I'm afraid my employer's identity will have to remain confidential for now. Tell your employer if he ever wastes my time like this again, our next meeting will not be so cordial. Under Proposition 36, you are to receive probation, and are hereby ordered to complete a certified drug-treatment programme. Arvin Sloane is a man of integrity and courage. As the head of SD-6, he brilliantly executed Alliance policy. Now, as the newest full partner of the Alliance, I feel confident that he will play a major part in shaping that policy. Welcome to the Alliance. - You've agreed to see her? - Yes. - She is the enemy. - And so is Sloane. And if the devil herself wants to help me bring him down, fine by me. You're smarter than this. Your mother wants you to think she's your ally. The minute you start depending on her, she will gut you. Freelancer requests covert entry. That's a copy. Will notify Agent Vaughn. No one's following. Ident confirmed. Freelancer is approaching quadrant four. SIGINT reporting clear, no suspect signals. Agent Bristow, thank you for coming in. I know you weren't wild about talking with your mother last week, but I hope we can agree that the information she gave us made it worth your discomfort. I thought so, until an hour ago. - How was that? - I just came from a meeting with Sloane. The camera I took from Fordson's vault, the camera we tried to keep from SD-6, was an early prototype. The real camera is scheduled to be launched into orbit 72 hours from now. By whom? The Asiatic Space Agency, founded after the fall of the Iron Curtain. The ASA consists mainly of displaced Russian scientists. Their latest client is an old friend of ours. Sark. What's his interest in launching a satellite? That's the question. The satellite is equipped with a terahertz imaging camera. This camera is capable of seeing through solid matter up to a depth of 100 metres. It is imperative that we find out what Mr Sark is looking for. The launch site's in Sri Lanka. Sloane wants us to infiltrate it, posing as corporate buyers. Our mission is to hack into the satellite so SD-6 can tap into Sark's feed and see what he sees. I'll get technical services on that. We'll want to hack into that feed, too. A fine preliminary step, Agent Vaughn, but I will want to know what we're looking for before the satellite is launched. You want me to talk to her again. Mr Sark has assumed control of your mother's operation... Please stop referring to her as my mother. Therefore, Ms Derevko must know what he's looking for. She's made it clear she will only speak with you. Look, I talked to her before because I had to. I have no intention of making this into a habit. I assume you have an opinion on this, Agent Vaughn? - I don't have an easy answer to that. - I'll take a complicated one. I can't pretend to hide my bias here. Irina Derevko betrayed this country and killed my father in the process. On the other hand, she is a certifiable Rambaldi expert, and probably knows more about the inner workings of global organised crime than any other person in US custody. Having said that, I believe Agent Bristow and I were effectively countering SD-6 before Derevko turned herself in, and I stand behind whatever she decides. I do understand that you're caught in the middle of all this, Agent Bristow. I can only offer my word. The sooner we know what she knows, the sooner you'll never have to speak with her again. We weren't scheduled to meet until Wednesday. Is everything all right? - I'm here to talk about Sydney. - Good. What's on your mind? I want your help in devising a strategy to persuade Sydney not to interact with her mother. Why? Because Irina Derevko is an opportunistic sociopath, who will use whatever inroads she can make with my daughter to get what she wants. But have you considered that the more you keep her from her mother, the more you're going to spark her interest? Of course I have, which is why I'm hoping to devise a strategy with the necessary subtlety. Well, I'm sorry, but I am not in the habit of helping a father manipulate his daughter, no matter how good his intentions may be. I see. And is your opinion here based on what's best for Sydney or for the agency? Because the fact is, if Sydney doesn't talk to Laura, the CIA learns nothing. So you still think of her as Laura, even though that was her alias? Autocircadian meditation. All the benefits of sleep in a fraction of the time. I can teach it to you, Sydney. I told you, when we speak you are to address me as Agent Bristow. Mr Sark was one of your top operatives. He's now assumed control of your assets. He's launching a satellite with ground-penetrating surveillance capabilities, but I doubt this is news to you. What's he looking for? Do you remember when you were six years old and I sent you to piano lessons? Your teacher was Ms Adams. We are not having this conversation. You asked me a question. I'm giving you an answer. Do you remember the first thing Ms Adams taught you about music? She said "Music is like math." "If you can count, you can play." Every musical note has a corresponding frequency - middle C, for example, vibrates at 261 hertz - which means any piece of music can be expressed as a series of numbers. Sark is looking for a music box designed by Rambaldi. The box plays a unique tune. Encoded within the tune there's an equation. - For what? - Zero point energy. A fuel source. The military applications alone would be unlimited. From a music box? Of course, the music won't play without the proper combination. Sark was working on deciphering it, but I don't know whether he was successful. Fine. Thank you. Speaking of Ms Adams. Just before I left, I remember her encouraging you to try out for your school's Thanksgiving play. You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but in the 20 years since I last saw you, I've often wondered, what part did you play? I don't remember. That was around the time I was told my mother had died. Everything else is a blur. I read Vaughn's debrief. I know you saw your mother. You OK? Seeing her again, I'm realising there are these gaps in my memory from around the time she left. Dad, do you remember a Thanksgiving play I was in that year in school? Because I sorta do. I mean, I have an impression of it, but... I can't remember, was I a pilgrim, or an Indian? What? You were neither. You were a turkey. You were the only turkey that was spared to celebrate the harvest. I know you think it's dangerous for me to see Mom, but she's a means to an end. I don't take anything she says at face value. She won't expect you to. Sydney... I trust your judgement. You're doing fine. OK, once you get through the launch site to the exhaust ducts, just press this button right here and voilà. - It's empty. - Oh, yeah, sorry, I totally forgot to tell you. The real deal, not done yet, but tomorrow, when you open up this briefcase, you will be looking at a high-performance hydraulic luge. How fast can I go? About 150, which should get you through the launch facility's two-mile ducts in about 12 seconds. Oh, you wanna make sure that you get out of there as fast as you can after you're done wiring the circuit board into the satellite because if you're stuck in the ducts when the rocket launches, then, well, boom. Then I'd miss you. - You wanted to see me? - Come in. I have something to give you. That's Emily's seed box. The lithography's original, circa 1910. Her mother gave it to her. Emily would have wanted you to have it. Thank you. I can't think of Emily without thinking of her garden. Well, neither can I. I miss her, too. This office is where I feel most at home these days. At the house... I don't know, I seem to be paralysed. If a stranger were to come to the house for the first time, they would think that Emily still lived there. Her clothes are in the closet, her makeup on the vanity. The only thing that betrays this pretence of normalcy is her garden. Where roses once grew, they're gone now. Her garden seems to have died with her. It's not your fault. Good luck in Sri Lanka. Attach this circuit board to the satellite instead of the one you got from SD-6. Now, it's an exact duplicate. They'll still be able to intercept Sark's feed, but we've modified it so we can access the signal, too, see what everyone else is seeing. One more thing. We'd like to bring Will Tippin in for a follow-up on his debrief. Why? Derevko told us that Sark has been working on cracking a combination - that would activate the music box. - Yeah? And we've been reviewing Tippin's statement, and he reported falling in and out of consciousness on the flight to Taipei and vaguely remembers seeing Sark working at a laptop. You're thinking what? Induced regression? We have someone coming in from Langley. So he can relive everything he went through? If there were another option, Sydney, believe me, I'd take it. Listen, Will, the CIA wants to meet with you again. - Why? - They can tell you better than I can, but... - Here's your SOP. - SOP? Standard Operating Procedure for a meet. - You're meeting with my handler. - Vaughn. He's smart, professional. Won't waste your time. Look, I'm sorry. You deserve to move on from this. Hey, guys. Hey. - What are you doing? - What? Will just went to his first NA meeting and you're waving a beer in his face? - You're right, you're right. I'm sorry. - It's OK. Can you come down to the restaurant tomorrow? I could really use you. Sure. All the flatware came in and the dishwasher's not hooked up, so we have to wash everything by hand before the opening. You're coming, right? - Are you kidding? - What time do you need me? - Two, two-thirty? - I gotta go. I'm gonna miss my flight. - Fancy client or boring seminar? - Boring client, and he's in Sri Lanka. So we get to fly 15 hours both directions for a one-hour meeting. Hey, thanks for letting me stay till I can afford a cheaper place. OK, Syd. Sark's confirmed inside. You're a go. Remember, the sooner you get on the phone line, the more time I have to hack into their system. Joanna Kelly from Euro-Teledyne. I have an appointment with Mr Vashko. Mr Sark, welcome to our control centre. Will you be the only observer from your company today? I'm afraid my associates are preparing to lobby OPEC for drilling rights. We are about to begin the final system checks. Excellent. Ms Kelley, welcome to ASA's launch facility. Thank you. I look forward to the tour. Would you mind if I made a call before we start? I'm sorry, we do not allow mobile phone use during the launch. It interferes with the radio signals, but you're more than welcome to use one of our land lines. Thank you. Hi, darling. Just checking in. OK, I'm into their local area network. It'll take me a minute to access the security surveillance feed. OK, I'm in. Miss you, too. Kisses. And in compliance with Kyoto environmental accords, during launch we filter the rocket's exhaust through two-mile ducts. I understand these ducts are capable of channelling over a million pounds of thrust. You have done your homework. I will take you to the VIP observation deck. The view is spectacular. My watch seems to have stopped. Do you have the time? Oh, sure. OK, Dixon. I'll be in the canal in two minutes. Copy that, Syd. Ready to cut the surveillance feed on your signal. Radio frequency system, check. Activation of vehicle telemetry, check. On-board power test, check. Radar transponder and launch vehicle remote control, check. - OK, Dixon, I'm in position. - Copy that, Syd. The ground crew's left the launch deck. I'm shutting down surveillance for five minutes, starting now. We've lost CCTV to the launch deck. - What's the problem? - I'll know shortly. Dixon, how am I doing? Three minutes, ten seconds until surveillance is restored, Syd. Power surge. We'll be back online in three minutes. I assure you, this in no way indicates a problem with the launch. Is there any way onto the launch zone that isn't visible from here? Just the exhaust ducts, but our ground crews don't go anywhere near them during countdown. - Move up the launch. - Pardon? I'm splicing into the internal supply system now. Almost there. You said yourself the cameras don't affect the launch. Technically they don't, but if something were to go wrong, we'd want to study... Then begin the final countdown. Or should we abort altogether? I could spread the word amongst my colleagues that the Asiatic Space Agency is nothing but the poor man's version of NASA. Initiate the final countdown. We're advancing our timetable. Sydney, get out of there. They've moved up the launch. Dixon, I'm still wiring the circuit board. How much time do I have? 48 seconds and counting. Switching to internal power. Transferring control to on-board computer. Tank pressurisation to launch... Sydney, it's too dangerous. Abort. We're at 44 seconds and counting. - Syd, get outta there. - No, I got it. All systems green for launch in 30, 29, 28, 27... Three, two... Sydney. I'm all right. I'll meet you at the rendezvous in ten minutes. - Did you enjoy the launch? - It was a thrill. - Will, I'm Michael Vaughn. - Hey. Sorry about the cloak-and-dagger routine, but SD-6 may monitor you from time to time. We had to make sure you weren't followed. Sure, I get it. - So, you're Vaughn? - You sound surprised. No, I just thought you'd be, uh, older. Ah. Listen, we want to bring you in for a hypnotherapy session. From your statement, we think you might be able to recall details from your captivity that could help us. - When? - There's a car waiting for us upstairs. Now? You know, I can't. I'm helping my friend get a restaurant ready. Francie. Right. So, tomorrow, then? Sure, OK. OK, you'll get a call on your cellphone from a telemarketer, asking if you're interested in consolidating your debt. That will be your signal to meet back here. We'll have a car take you to our office. So, every time that Sydney ran out the door after she got a wrong number, - she was going to meet you? - It's standard protocol. In case the line's tapped. It's a low-risk way to set up a meet. Did you ever give her a picture frame? It was like an antique. She said that it was from somebody at work and... It was probably just another way to contact her, right? Actually, no, that was just a gift. - It's nice to meet you, Will. - You, too. Congratulations are in order to both of you. Thanks to your efforts in Sri Lanka, we were able to intercept the feed from the satellite launched by Mr Sark yesterday. He's looking at a 20-square-mile area of Siberia. Marshall. Right. Now, I know this looks like 20 miles of frozen tundrosity, right? Well, take a look at it through the terahertz imaging camera. The symbol of Rambaldi. Yeah, now, what the satellite's looking at are subglacial caverns, under the ice. - Are you saying it's a natural formation? - Well, it beats me. Without actual ice core samples, I can't say anything except, you know, wow. You are now looking at an image with a ten-centimetre resolution. And as you can see, in the centre of the cavern, there appears to be an object, notably composed of metal. We must acquire this object before Mr Sark does. So, you will be accompanied by a support team. They will establish a perimeter with Agent Dixon to guard every possible entrance to the cavern. Sydney, you're on point. The flight leaves in four hours. That's all. You can go. Jack, would you stay a minute, please? I want to ask you for a favour, Jack. I think I may have underestimated the effect that Emily's death would have on me. You're entitled to your grief. Not when it undermines my authority here, my standing within the Alliance. I need you to monitor me, Jack. I need you to pull me aside, if you think that I'm letting my cards show. Of course. The day before she... The day before she passed, Emily reserved us a suite at our favourite bed and breakfast in Sonoma. Even in her last moments, she was planning our future. I'm not a spiritual man. But I feel lately her presence everywhere around me. Trauma can bring about feelings of metaphysical familiarity. Waking dreams, as it were. On the other hand, who is to say she isn't with you? I'm going to count backwards from three, and when I reach one, I want you to lift your head and tell me where you are. Three. Two. One. Where are you? I'm in a cargo plane, on the way to Taipei. - Will, how are you feeling? - I'm afraid they're gonna kill me. I'm afraid they're gonna get to Sydney. They can't, Will. You're revisiting what's already happened. This is just a memory. Now tell me what you see. Sark, working on his laptop. Can you see the screen? No. It's too far away. In his statement, he said that he was picked up and carried off the plane. So maybe he got closer. Will, listen to me. I want you to think ahead to when the plane landed. When you were getting off the plane. Can you do that? Yes. What do you see? Oh, God, they're coming to get me. Please. Please, please don't kill me. Please don't kill me. - Wake him up. - It's all right. - Don't kill me. Please don't kill me. - Will, tell me what's happening. - They're carrying me off the plane. - Can you see Sark's computer? - No. No, I'm passing too fast. - Go back and try again. This time, when you pass the computer, I want you to stop. Names. I see names. Read them to me. Dostoyevsky. Nabokov. Tolstoy. Chekov. That's good, Will. Now, when you hear the tone, I want you to open your eyes. And as soon as you do, you will feel rested and refreshed. I need to check his vitals. Just give me a minute. You OK? I doubt the code that activates Rambaldi's music box is a list of Russian authors. It must be some kind of cipher text. Look, under normal circumstances, I would never ask this. But your mother is the only person who can translate those names for us by the time you leave. If your mother will give us the code to activate the music box, we want you to activate the box on-site. You'll get it to play and we'll record the music through your comlink. - Then you'll destroy it. - Agent Bristow? Dostoyevsky, Nabokov, Tolstoy, Chekov. We took these code words from Sark's computer. - I want you to translate them for me. - Give me your pencil and paper. No. I can't decipher it without pencil and paper. You know, you haven't yet asked me how I could shoot my own daughter. No, I haven't. I assume you wouldn't need this combination so urgently if you didn't know where the music box was. Sark won't hesitate to kill you. And I don't wanna lose the chance to explain myself someday. About the Thanksgiving play. I was a turkey. Thank you. I'm not reading any inbound contact. It looks good. We're all alone out here. But keep your motion trackers on, and stay sharp. Novak, you're guarding the southeast entrance. Cooper, you guard the north. Stay on station. Watch your step. If you fall through the ice, it'll freeze over in four seconds. Good to know. Yeah? Hello? Hello? - Yes, sir? - Would you get me security section? I need a back-trace on a call I just received. Just a moment. Sir, the call came from the Barranca bed and breakfast in Sonoma County, California. Report contact. Position one holding. Negative on contacts. Position two holding. No contacts. I'm all alone out here. Syd, how do you copy in there? Gotcha five-by, Dixon. Dixon, the ice in this tunnel looks a little shaky. I'm gonna go radio silent till I pass through. Copy that. Standing by. I've had a picture of your face in my mind for 20 years. I remember a loving husband. A generous man. A patriot. I may have been under orders to fabricate a life with you, but there were times when the illusion of our marriage was as powerful for me as it was for you. Especially when Sydney was born. Looking at you now, I see that illusion is finally gone. I want to make something very clear to you. There are people here who believe you can repay the debt you owe this country through your continued cooperation. I am not one of them. And if Sydney in any way becomes victim to your endgame, I will kill you. She's spent most of her life believing you were dead. She'll get used to it again, no matter what bond you try to forge with her. You haven't told her what you did to her after I disappeared, have you? Base Ops, this is Freelancer. Do you copy? Read you loud and clear, Freelancer. I've found the music box. It looks intact. Stand by. I'm gonna enter the code my mother gave me. Cooper. Novak. I've got an inbound contact. Northwest, 100 metres. Can you confirm? - Got 'em on radar. - Ditto. - But I don't see anyone. - The target has stopped. Correction. Reading four, four tangos, approaching from all directions. - They're heading for the entrance. - I still don't see anyone. Sydney, do you copy? Sydney. Three, one, one. Two, five, four. We've got audio. Talk to me, Cooper. Your tango is ten metres away. - I don't see anything. - It's right on top of you. I'm telling you, I'm all alone out here. Cooper, do you copy? Talk to me, Cooper. My contact's at two metres. It's gotta be an equipment malfunction. Novak, they're under the ice. Novak. Do you copy, Sydney? OK, that's it. Confirm you got the recording. I'm ready to destroy the music box. Affirmative. We got the recording. Affirmative. I'm 10-7. - Sydney, do you copy? - I read you, Dixon. What's wrong? Get out of there. Sark's here. Put the case down. Slide it over. It was you giving us problems at the launch.