Well, then... what do you suggest? A dance. You broke my heart, Irina. That was another lifetime. I won't do it again. Good to know. This has been lovely, but I should go back. Tell me, Irina. How did it feel giving the order? Was it difficult, or... were you able to remain cold, indifferent? Were you amused? Jack, this is cryptic, even for you. Then let me be clear. How did it feel to pay a man to kill your own daughter? You weren't supposed to find out. You didn't feel a thing, did you? How is that possible? Were Sydney and I nothing to you, merely strategic alliances to be disposed of once we'd outlived our usefulness? After all we've been through, Irina, I deserve an explanation. Why? I need a reason. Because it had to be done. Jack. Damn you. How's Dixon? - Stable. - Has his story changed? No, he still swears he saw her, but the amount of blood he lost, he must be delusional. I would have thought you'd place more trust in your partner. - It's impossible. - We've seen impossible before. - This is a distraction. - You don't know that. Dad, you killed her. I killed a woman I believed to be your mother. Sound familiar? You know doubling technology exists. The Helix protocol. Dad, we're being set up. Elena and Sloane are gone, and the only person capable of stopping them is dangled right in front of us. Doesn't that seem a little convenient? Think about it. This wouldn't be the first time. Elena manipulated Vaughn into searching for his father. Look how that turned out. No, they want us to pursue this. I understand your skepticism, although your unwillingness to even entertain the idea suggests fear. Fear? Of what? Perhaps a false hope. Maybe it's easier for you to believe mom's alive than to live with what you did. Maybe so. But the fact remains, as long as Sloane and Elena are out there, we're pursuing every lead. We have work to do. - How's Dixon? - He's lost a lot of blood... No, sir, we still don't know what their endgame is. Vaughn, come here and check this out. Uh, hold on. We may have just gotten something. DCI. Tell me you just got something. Well, you know the tapes from the DSR break-in? I found some data blocks that are still intact. Is that enough for a positive I.D.? Yeah, that's enough for an I.D. Up top. We're identifying one of Elena Derevko's associates right now. I'll keep you updated. I just talked to Langley. They are all over this. Yeah, you have no idea. I know we're in crisis mode, but did you ask her? It's not exactly the right time. When's the right time? What, the night time? Eric, come on. Look, it's not like you have a ring burning a hole in your -- You have the ring on you right now? We got it. He's former Covenant. Lucien Nisard. And he didn't just head up the DSR break-in. Once we had a name, I ran a series of traces on a cell network in Prague. Turns out Nisard made phone calls from the same location at the same time Dixon says he saw Irina. Of course, tracking him, that's gonna take some time. I need you to log in through Sloane's computer. Check the Blackwell index. Wait a minute, the Blackwell index? Sloane doesn't have that. He gave that over to Langley. Didn't he? How are you holding up? I'm trying to stay focused. - By reopening the Bishop files? - He killed my mother supposedly. If she's alive, then the CIA obviously missed something. Nadia, researching Martin Bishop, it's -- it's  not the most productive use of your time. What do you mean? You should talk to Jack. Okay. Um, I hope you don't mind me asking, Mr. Bristow, but when you helped Sloane steal this thing, you didn't realize he was going to switch sides, did you? I mean, you didn't see it coming? - No. - Okay. I was just curious because I didn't think that -- W ow. Look at the people on this thing. Lucien Nisard. I want all aliases, addresses, contacts, vices, weaknesses. No problem. Just give me a sec. I need to speak with you. Give us a minute, would you? Sure. Hey. What is it? My mother's killer -- Martin Bishop -- what is it you haven't told me? I'm tired of lies, Jack. After what my father and Elena have done, I want the truth. Martin Bishop didn't kill Irina. I did. I learned Irina had put a contct out on Sydney's life. I believed she was going to have her killed. I had no other viable option. I killed Martin Bishop because you told me it was him. Yes. I learned later that I had been set up by Elena. Perhaps I was too quick to assume Irina had betrayed me and Sydney again. Does Sydney know? This is not the time for recriminations. Your mother may be alive. I hope she is. And you should, too. Syd, something's happened. What's going on? There's been some sort of accident. We don't know the details. Russia isn't saying. But look at the satellite footage. The city -- Sevogda -- they're coordinating some sort of military perimeter around it. - Is it a quarantine? - No idea. I just spoke to director Chase. Intelligence on this incident is nonexistent. Not even our agents within the Kremlin have any inkling as to what's happening. What is it? It's from a hacker friend of mine in Moscow. It's raw footage. You guys should see this. It's them. The russian government's officially claiming an industrial accident. And they expect that story to last? Well, conspiracy theories have already been posted on the web. Terrorist attack, military experiment gone wrong -- Don't forget aliens. I mean, there's lots and lots of speculation about extraterrestrials. Given what we know, have you been able to put anything together? You mean Sloane and Elena's endgame? It's unclear. But what is obvious is they've activated some sort of ginormous Mueller device. From the footage, I'd say it's at least six blocks in diameter. Now, the russian government, they're keeping a tight lid on what's actually happened, but from what's leaking out, I'd say the citizens of Sevogda, they're going postal. I mean, you know, mass violence, aggression, inability to reason. They must have infected the water supply with the chemical properties of the orchid, priming the population of the city, making them susceptible to the effects of the Mueller device. So what you're saying is, a large red ball plus contaminated water equals a city full of homicidal maniacs. That was a sentence I never thought I'd say. But what's the point? I mean, besides the weirdest terrorist attack of all time? Their purpose remains a mystery. Perhaps Sevogda serves some strategic importance. I'd go with world domination, but that's always my go-to. Why isn't important. Stopping them is. You've destroyed a Mueller device before? Guys, sorry to interrupt here, but, you know, this thing is beyond toxic. I mean, and one this size? Unless it was shut down properly, it would be like draining primary coolant from a nuclear plant times 10 million. I don't know how to disarm the device safely anyway. I know someone who might. Based on the eyewitness account from agent Dixon, Irina Derevko is currently being held prisoner by her sister. Any ideas on how to find her? Lucien Nisard -- former Covenant member and a own associate of Elena's. Flight records indicate he flew to Ibiza this morning. The sordid details in these files should make it easy to isolate him, get him to talk. Do whatever it takes. Wheels up in two hours. The usual? Not with what I'll be wearing. I had this feeling before. A sense. I almost felt like I was going to pass out. I don't know how to describe it, but it was just like dread, like something horrible was happening. We've been tasked to rescue a woman who killed my father -- your  mother, who is supposed to be dead, by the way, and to disable a giant red ball floating over a russian city. Crazier things have happened. That's kinda my point. Syd, without you. I'd be lost. I mean, this world, this job, everything. It would make me insane. I know. We're gonna get through this. How can you be sure? How can I not be? We're still here Syd... What? Hey. Sorry to interrupt. You ready to roll? Yeah. - All right. - Thanks. Vaughn? We should go. Nadia. My dad told me he spoke to you. I was only trying to protect you. And him. Yes, and him. I should have told you. I'm sorry. It's not important now. You may not believe our mother's alive, but I do. Please find her. Got him. - Where? - At the bar. That's him. How you want to play this? You want to be rough, or you want me to be rough? - You're always rough. - No, I'm not. - Yes, you are. - That's not true. Yes, it is. Are you talking about at home or on ops? Both. Hey, I'm not complaining. If I'm rough, it's because you like it when -- Are we on comms? Yes, you're both on comms right now. We'll both be rough. Move it. Water. Bite me. - Want me to bite you again? - Shut up. Bonsoir. You're enjoying yourselves? He's french. I like the french. They're tender. Fine. Are you just gonna stand there and watch all night, or do you want to get involved? What exactly did you have in mind? Check the stalls. Is he going to join us, or just observe? I think I'll just watch. Suit yourself. All this trouble just to rob me? I would have paid handsomely. - Transmitting. - Okay, receiving transmission. It's encrypted. Standard. Give me a sec. What do you know about Irina Derevko? Who? You'd be surprised what I know about you besides what turns you on. I know who you've betrayed. If you don't tell me what you know -- You haven't been watching the news, have you? Bad timing, sweetheart. It's the end of the world. Or haven't you heard? Blackmail is not as effective as it once was. Numbers, numbers, numbers. Some past girlfriends. Let's see here. Wait a minute. No Elena, no Sloane. Stop there! Sydney, there's a mention of Helix in his files. Tell me what you know about the Helix protocol. If you know so much about me, you know this isn't so much a threat as it is a treat. It's too late. You can't stop this. Okay, okay! Please. The Helix protocol. Elena -- she found it. Did she use it? Was Irina doubled? Okay, okay, Elena wanted people to believe Irina was dead. A follower -- a follower agreed to do it. Someone volunteered to be murdered? You have no idea how willing we are to do what is necessary for what is about to come. Is Irina Derevko alive?! Of course she is. Sydney and Vaughn learned that Irina was moved yesterday from Prague. She was taken to a remote location in Guatemala. - Is she okay? - We don't know. While Vaughn secures Lucien Nisard for extradition and transport, you and I are meeting Sydney in country. You don't seem relieved. Transport's waiting. Here's a satellite layout of the camp where your mother's being held. The river will take you within 100 yards of the perimeter. How exactly will we find her? See these cold spots? They're  all carrying automatic weapons. - Except for this one. - Mom. It appears she's being held in the north east quadrant of the camp. Once you retrieve her, I'll be waiting two klicks down river. It's okay to be nervous. It's just not about meeting Irina. It's just this feeling. - Dread? Darkness? - Yeah. How do you know? I've been feeling it, too. I never believed in prophecies -- you know, fate -- but... now I'm not so sure. Nadia, is this your gear pack? That's some of Irina's clothes from CIA storage. I thought she might need them. I want to be the one to tell her who I am. Of course. I'll see you both at the exfil point. Be careful. This is Phoenix. We've reached the perimeter. Copy that. Proceed. Phoenix, incoming guard. All clear. Proceed. Copy that. We're moving in. Up ahead 20 yards there should be a small clearing to your left. No movement from the guards. You're clear. She's 15 feet straight in front of you. Over here. This should be it. She's not here. Phoenix, you're standing right next to her. There's nobody here. This -- this can't be it. Shh. Okay... Mom? Mom. Mom, I'm here. S-- Syd. You're gonna be okay. Sydney. I knew you'd come. Trip wire! Give me your knife. I can't reach it. Here, take mine. I'll hold them off. They're right behind us. Dad. Irina. Mom, Elena's already begun. Sloane is with her. Sloane. Of course. The only person as driven as she is. Though her cruelty runs deeper. I'm sorry we didn't find you sooner, mom. We didn't know. What did she do to you? I found a Rambaldi manuscript -- one I knew Elena was looking for. It's called "il diluvio." The flood. Rambaldi imagined a moment when the world would be cleansed, when everything would begin anew. An apocalypse. When I saw what was in the manuscript, I had to destroy it. Of course, which is why Elena needed you. She kept me in darkness. I don't know... where, or how long. I had barely enough food, water. There came a time I didn't know whether I was alive or dead. She'd release me only for questioning. Elena was always volatile, quick tempered. I expected her to get angry and kill me. But she had learned patience. Eventually I was moved to a medical facility and injected with something. The pain was excruciating. I'd go into cardiac arrest. She'd simply stabilize my heartbeat and allow me to rest so I could endure more. And she did this dozens and dozens of times. I couldn't fight it. I told her everything. Mom... mom... Sydney... I wish I could spare you from what's about to come, but I need you to come with me. I'm with you. We must go to Sevogda. Irina, they've activated the Mueller device. The effects are already evident. It's too late for that city. Elena's already there. So is Sloane. If we don't stop them now, they'll move on to another city, and another. We'll send a team. I helped Elena build the device. I can figure out how to destroy it. There are no alternatives. All right. I'll tell the pilot to change course. Is there anywhere I can clean up? In the back. Here. I brought you these. Thank you. Just some clothes. - Oh, sweetheart... - Mom. Give me an update. NRO just sent over the satellite images from Sevogda. There was heavy cloud cover. They couldn't see much. Has Langley got anything from inside? Yeah, DSR has a field team in the city. What'd they find? We made contact, but their transmission was interrupted. Langley's trying to reestablish a connection, but so far they're not responding. - Let me know if I can help. - Oh, you can. Where's Jack? He's not here. He's acting director on this task force, and right now we're in the middle of a crisis. Where is he? He's heading up a tactical rescue mission in Guatemala. A tactical mission? To rescue whom? Irina Derevko. We can expect the military perimeter to be heavily guarded. Entry to Sevogda will be at best difficult. Do you have any idea what to expect once we're in there? Is this where the device has been activated? Yes. Elena and Sloane need to hole up somewhere safe, away from the hazards of the Mueller device. Bristow. Perhaps a bunker, a warehouse. Needs to be a fortified location. Yes. Dad. It was our pilot. Our plane is being diverted. Official orders from Langley. She's working with us. She's not a threat. Irina Derevko is a fugitive. You got a problem, you can take it to Langley. I'll see you. Taking my mother into custody was a mistake. Irina Derevko is an enemy of the state. My mother helped Elena engineer the device. She can disarm it. She was convicted of espionage, of murdering CIA operatives. Do I need to go on? We don't have time to debate her record. If this were any other situation, I would say fine, interrogate her, vet her intel. But people are dying, and it's only gonna get worse. It is under control. The matter is being handled. Really? How? By whom? The russians are prepping a tactical air strike of Sevogda. It will be over in a few hours. An air strike, director Chase, will release toxins into the atmosphere. The results would be catastrophic. This is what Elena wanted. She anticipated how the government would respond. We need to stall the russians. Let us go in there and shut down the device. I will not trust Irina Derevko. When you brought me into A.P.O. And placed me under Arvin Sloane's supervision, you asked me to trust you, and I did. My mind is made up, agent Bristow. You put Sloane in charge. You gave Sloane full access to the resources of the CIA. And now he is going to do more harm than you can even imagine. We need to find him and end this, and the only person who can do that is my mother. Please, director Chase. This time you'll have to trust me. Come with me. You can accompany us to Sevogda on the condition that if -- when we capture Sloane and Elena and deactivate the Mueller device, you will be returned to CIA custody to serve out your sentence. Life in prison. Yes. How's your jaw? I've been through worse. Jack, I understand why you believed you had to kill me, but the truth is, if the situation had been reversed... I would have found another way. I can't imagine this will give you any comfort, considering what you've been through, but... the truth is, there wasn't a day that went by that I didn't regret what I did. And about my indiscretion with Sloane -- I can hope you'll accept my apology. Of all the things you've done, that's what you're going to apologize for? You're going to enjoy getting to know Nadia. She's exceptional. I wonder where she got that from. Let me help you. I've seen you all my life in my mind. When this is over, maybe we could spend some time. I'd like that. Yes? The russians are moving up their timetable. I've tried every channel, but they're resolved. - How long do we have? - Uh, about four hours. We have four hours before a tactical strike levels the city. Syd, come here. - I had it all planned out. - What? I was gonna take youto the beach, Santa Barbara. We'd go out for a walk, maybe when the sun was setting. But now we're here, and I don't know what we're jumping into. And I may never get another chance to do this again. Sometimes I wake up before you do, and I watch you sleep. And I'm overwhelmed, because... you're so amazing. And I don't know why I'm lucky enough to have you in my life, but you're here with me. And I know I want to spend the rest of my life with you trying to make you as happy as you make me. My god, Vaughn. Sydney Bristow, will you marry me? We're gonna make it out of here. Is that a yes? Ask me on the beach.