I was sworn to secrecy, but I couldn't keep it from my fiancé. And when the head of SD-6 found out, he had him killed. That's when I learned the truth. SD-6 is not part of the CIA. I'd been working for the people I thought I was fighting. I went to the only place that could help me take them down. Now I'm a double agent for the CIA. My handler is Michael Vaughn. Only one other person knows what I do, another double agent inside SD-6. Someone I hardly know. My father. - It's Emily. She knows about SD-6. - I know. It's too late. - Your conversation was recorded. - Sloane won't let them kill Emily. A decision will be made when Sloane meets the head of Alliance security. - Don't bring him into this life. - He is in this life, like it or not. You'll be safe here. I promise. And if you need anything, there are agents watching behind the mirror. Guys, is there a food situation? Can I get something to eat? Like a burger or something? I'm easy. 30 minutes or less. My employer's instructed me to keep you alive. But not comfortable. So I'll ask you once. What is the Circumference and how do you know about it? Listen to me, man, there has been a major misunderstanding here. I don't know what the Circumference is. Do you understand me? I don't know. Hello. I'm opening a restaurant. I have to open a restaurant. - What are you talking about? - I'm waiting for life to start. - My ass is on that couch all day. - You're about to graduate. But then what? I didn't have a plan. Here's a plan. Do you already have a place? It's in Silverlake. I'm not even sure what it's gonna be yet. Hello. Sydney Bristow? Yes. I'm calling on this line because it's untraceable. Listen carefully. We have your friend and we plan to kill him. Unless you do the following. A document was stolen from a Paris nightclub. It belongs to my employer. Though it appears to be a blank page, it has a great value to him. He wants it back, along with a certain container of liquid. I believe you are familiar with the items to which I am referring. - Yes, I am. - Don't listen to him! Don't do anything for me! You have 48 hours. There's an alley in Taipei, at Ho Ping and Rui An. Be there Tuesday at midnight. The CIA has the page Khasinau wants. SD-6 has the ampoule. You and I could get them both and turn them over. We cannot afford to hand the enemy something he wants so desperately. I don't know that much about you. Do you have any close friends? I mean, people that you love? I don't need a lecture on friendship to understand what's at stake. While I might look at scenarios more strategically than emotionally, you could learn something from my experience. Khasinau can't make the ink on that page visible without the ampoule. Reading that page is so important to Khasinau that he risked sending a team into SD-6 to try and steal it. You wanna get the page and the ampoule and see what that page is. We can't strategise our next move without that information. Getting the ampoule should be straightforward. It's recovering the page I'm concerned about. It was moved to the SD-6 offsite lab, which is on a former military site. It's surrounded by water. You get in through the drainage system. Access requires Sloane's voice, ID and fingerprints. It's Vaughn. Khasinau knew about the safehouse. He has someone on the inside. As long as there's a mole at the CIA, you can't tell Vaughn a thing, not that you've been contacted or that we have spoken. Sydney, I'm so sorry about this, but there's no reason to assume the worst. They tranquillised the security team, so they weren't out for blood. If this is a kidnapping, they'll contact us. I'm just so scared for him. You'll contact me if you hear anything? Vaughn? What's going on? What do you mean? I haven't known Sydney that long, but I know she doesn't just accept problems, she tries to fix them. You think she'll use back channels? - Maybe. - Why wouldn't she tell you? The safehouse was compromised. She doesn't trust the CIA right now. Trust is a tricky thing. What does that mean? You need to fill Devlin in about Sydney. Not a chance. Fill him in on conjecture? This is a difficult time for you. Do not let your concern get ahead of your responsibilities. - That is not what I'm doing! - My investigation's on a schedule. - You're late. - I didn't think you'd mind. Guess what? I do. Arvin, this is beautiful. Did you invent this place for me to recover in? Sit down. You've been quiet since we left the hospital. Arvin, you're scaring me. SD-6 is not part of the CIA. This shirt is made of heat-sensitive material. Get Sloane to touch it. It'll transmit a digital copy of his prints. I'll create a latex copy. This is a wireless relay. It'll log me into Sloane's computer. I'll acquire the passwords, then you talk. He doesn't need to say the actual words. Every word in English is comprised of 44 basic phonemes. He's likely to say most of them. I'll shape them into the right words. You'll have less than an hour to get to the facility before the passwords change. Dad... thanks. Marshall, can you remember back to the Aconcagua operation? - Sydney's code name? - Miss Bristow? It was Bluebird. Bluebird. So it wasn't Freelancer? Freelancer? No, it was Bluebird, definitely. Excuse me. Do you have a minute? Yeah, of course. I feel so selfish coming to you like this. Especially knowing what you and Emily must be going through. - Sydney... - Keep him away from his computer. What is it, Sydney? You can tell me. Come on. You can tell me. Got his prints. Still accessing central security. I don't remember much about my mother. When I think of the things that I missed, the experiences I wish I'd had with someone. Sitting in a garden talking, a look. I had those things with Emily. The thought of losing that connection... Excuse me. Yeah? I'll be right there. When Emily was diagnosed with cancer, the doctors predicted that she had six months. That was three years ago. And in a way we're lucky... Rule. Dear. We still need the consonant CH, Sydney, as in "choose". I have this meeting. Did you and Emily ever think about having children? What we do here is more than a career. I didn't think it was fair to bring someone into the world who couldn't know their father. Seeing the kind of woman you've become, knowing that I had something to do with it, it's as rewarding as if I had a child of my own. That's it. Choose. You have exactly 57 minutes before the passwords change. You had a cavity. Talk to me about the Circumference. I don't know a thing about the Circumference. I swear to God. Please... No... As you know, the Alliance granted your request to spare your wife. Your argument was that she was suffering from a terminal illness. But that is no longer the case. I propose we bring Emily in. Emily spent eight years in the State Department. She was a senior partner at Rako. Emily will be an asset here. If I were in your position, I might try to do the same, but it won't work. I am truly sorry, but these are the prescripts of the Alliance. You don't know the kind of mistake you are making. As I said before, threats will do no good. This threat might. It's not what I'll do if you have Emily killed. It's what I won't do. The Alliance is falling apart. This organisation is crumbling under the weight of corruption, bureaucracy, infighting, fear. With enemies like Khasinau, we live in a new world. You think the Alliance is going to survive under its current state? We need new leadership. With Briault and Poole gone, there are two empty chairs around the partners' table. - And you want one of them? - I demand one of them. Arvin, I came here today not only to hear your appeal for your wife but because the Alliance has already voted. The agreement was unanimous. We acknowledge that you should be admitted as full partner. Good. However, this offer is contingent on your fulfilling the other matter. I'm confused. Why am I here? Mr Weiss said you were suspicious abut Sydney Bristow. When I said I was suspicious, I meant Sydney seemed troubled. But that isn't the word you used, is it? Rule. Dear. Choose. What I said was I feel I have an understanding of Sydney Bristow, and that she doesn't accept problems, she tries to fix them. And that perhaps she and her father were trying to free Mr Tippin alone? It was just a conversation. Do you think Miss Bristow is hiding something from you, from the CIA? Yes, sir. Records say Jack Bristow checked into your location. - 20 minutes ago. - Keep him there. Sir, he already left. In Aconcagua when I was shot, you radioed for help. You used the call sign Freelancer. Sydney, your SD-6 call sign was Bluebird. I want to give you the benefit of the doubt. I even made excuses for you in my head. Trouble is, I don't believe any of those excuses. Who are you working for? And do not play games with me. Dixon, you know I'd never do anything to hurt you. I'd never do anything to betray what we believe in. How can I know what you believe when you've been lying to me? I'm your partner! Just think about this for a minute. Think about what we've been through. Just think about who I am. What I am gonna ask you to do is just accept the fact that I cannot tell you what this is about. What I am doing is classified. Dixon, I swear to you that I am not betraying this country. I could never do that. You know that. I don't need rhetoric, Sydney. Right now I need a reason not to report you to security section. - Yeah? - It's me. Jack? What the hell are you doing? - Saving a life. - And destroying another. You stole classified property of the US government. You'll get the solution back, plus a copy of the Rambaldi page. I've accepted your methods for years, but there's a mole hunt going on. - Any leads on the mole? - So far, I'm talking to the guy. I gave Haladki authority to start an inquiry. He's got questions. Why you were willing to risk Tippin's life, how you know about the Circumference. This doesn't look good. Come back to the office. - We're friends, you and I. - What? You'd consider us friends? I used to. What the hell are you talking about? See you when the job's done. A gentleman I know makes this truth serum. I would have used it earlier, except that... one in five men who receives it has an unfortunate reaction. It results in paralysis. Among other things. Tell me about the Circumference. It's been six days. Will warned me something might happen. He didn't even turn up to his own awards dinner. I called his friends. They haven't heard from him either. Are you going to publish his story? Yeah. In the A section. I have to tell Dietrich. Call Orci in Graphics. Get a photo of Will. Dixon just turned and walked away. I think he's gonna report me. If we have to deal with that crisis, we'll deal with that crisis. My God. This device, I took it from Taipei last year. Two weeks ago a report came in through CIA claiming Khasinau's been looking for something called the Circumference. Instructions describing a method of applying a technology he'd got. This must be the Circumference. So if Khasinau built one of these devices, this page would tell him how to use it. - Keep this safe. - Dad, what are you doing? - We have to be in Taipei. - I'll call when the plane's ready. Don't go home. How do you know about the Circumference? You are out of your mind. Dammit, my eyes! God! How long have you worked for Khasinau? You sick son of a bitch! Devlin said you mentioned the Circumference. You must have learned about it from the outside. Do you work for Khasinau? No. - Do you work for Khasinau? - You son of a bitch... Yes! I work for Khasinau. - How long? - Two years. Why does he want the Circumference? It's the key to something he's had built. - Tell me about it. - All I know is it's just a battery. - For what? - I swear I don't know. Jack, Khasinau's the future. - Where is this thing, this battery? - It's in Taipei. The Fu Hsing district. In a warehouse. Peng Pharmaceuticals. In an underground lab. Room 47. You gave Khasinau the information about the safehouse. Jack, this is a gift I'm giving you. Khasinau can save you. You should be with him. You told him that my daughter is a double agent with SD-6. Jack! Look at yourself. You exposed Sydney. Come with me. I can save you. I can save you. Hi. Hi. How did you find me? You told me a couple of months ago that when you need to disappear you go to the observatory. But the observatory was closed. Then I remembered you said the pier calmed you down. You weren't there. You weren't at the bluffs either. - You didn't go to all those places? - I did. And then I remembered you liked the train station too. Normal people go to their normal jobs. I can't believe you remember that. He's contacted you, hasn't he? Khasinau? And he wants the page. You're gonna give it to him. You came here to stop me. My father used to keep a diary. When I was a kid, I used to say, "Dad, only girls keep diaries." And he'd just laugh. He was a really good guy, my dad. But he was too hard on himself. He was such a company guy. Whenever he slipped up, even in the slightest way, he took it personally. There were a few operations... ...his last one among them, that he questioned. Operations he refused to participate in... but only in his diary. He'd write out what he wanted to say to the CIA director, things he could never say in real life. He was a company man and I loved him very much. But it killed him. Never questioning orders, his blind devotion to the job. If you're doing what I think you're doing, I'm in. If you need me. Thank you. - Who told you about this? - I found a source. Khasinau's already built one of these and it's in this warehouse. An underground lab, room 47. The meeting with Sark takes place two hours from now. By the time I hand over the page, you must have destroyed not only the device but the lab itself. The device'll be easy. It's the size of a shoe. What about the lab? Here. It's a red mercury charge with a mechanical fuse. I'll see what they need. I understand the risks you've taken, and you have my respect for that. If he knew anything about the Circumference, we'd have heard it. I suspected as much. Prepare Mr Tippin for the exchange. One in five, you little bitch! One in five! Arvin... I can't judge you for what you do. I was never there. I was never faced with the choices you had to make. And I have never... What I'm trying to say is... I forgive you. Jack Bristow... doing his daughter's work. There was speculation that you might appear. If you're not comfortable, we can waive our business for tonight. Are you comfortable trading priceless documents for a low-grade reporter? Tippin's stuff is not so bad. - Let's see the artefacts. - Let's see Tippin. Shall we? - You've exposed the page. - You would have done the same. When I activate this, you have ten seconds to cross the hall. I'll go radio-silent until I'm in the lab. Parchment fibres are consistent with the original Rambaldi document. Yes. We have a deal. Tell your daughter how much I enjoyed the stage show in Paris. She has a marvellous singing voice. Thank you. Thank you. Vaughn, it's bigger than I thought. Syd, I can't hear you. I turn this thing off, I'm gonna have to swim out. You're breaking up. Syd, I'm coming down. You're Alexander Khasinau. You should eat something. I'm not hungry. Wait. I have questions for you. - You can ask my boss. - Your boss? I thought The Man was the boss. Yes. Yes, but I'm not The Man.