of Alliance Counterintelligence. She's here to investigate the events leading up to my wife Emily's disappearance and the subsequent attempts to blackmail me. If Sloane gets ahold of that Echelon terminal, well, the Alliance will be able to eavesdrop on corporations, law enforcement, political campaigns. The potential for blackmail and insider trading would be unlimited. Gerard Cuvee, former leader of the People's Revolutionary Front. One of Cuvee's men placed a call to a data-storage facility in London. It's likely Cuvee duplicated the Echelon software and had them stored in a secure server there. - Sydney, you're going in with Marshall. - Wait a minute. What? You're the only one qualified to hack the server without an electronic device. Marshall has a photographic memory. Once the files flash across the screen, he'll remember them. - I can't just give SD-6 a fake Marshall. - No. But we can pull him out of SD-6. Mom, I'll be home in a little while. I'm just getting back from my big business trip in London. What do you mean? We didn't pick up Marshall at the intercept point? Who did? Please don't hurt me. Some people think there's a conspiracy, that the government eavesdrops on everyone. It's no conspiracy. Right now, satellites and ground-station antennas are listening in. Faxes, Internet communications, phone calls, all routed to high-speed voice and optical recognition computers. They can analyse words, spoken and written, in every common language on Earth. - The system's called Echelon. - Yeah, I heard about Echelon. I just don't understand how it's legal. So what? It's just, like, a computer that listens to and reads everything? Yeah, looking for key words. The system scans two million conversations an hour. Yeah. While shamelessly violating the Constitution. The National Security Agency argues it's one of its most important weapons against terrorists. And they don't abuse the system. Somehow that's unreassuring. Well, there's this man, named Gerard Cuvee, who figured out how to hack into Echelon. He was able to pick up secure military communications. Because of that, he was able to locate and destroy a US military lab in Dresden. In London, we shut down Cuvee's access to Echelon. And, thank God, kept it away from SD-6. So you get Echelon, you become Big Brother. The best thing about this mission - this guy that I work with, this sweetheart Marshall, was pulled out of SD-6 and taken into protective custody. The CIA's gonna give him a life. A real life. I can't tell you what a relief it is knowing he's safe. You took something that doesn't belong to you. My employer would like it back. Help me. Help, help, help, help. No. Please. No. No. No. Epoxy is a binary compound. You have just ingested the resin. Alone, it's not toxic. But in combination with a hardener, the epoxy cures, passing from a liquid state, through a gel state, to a solid state. This transformation will puncture your vital organs, block your windpipe, causing you to suffocate. So, let's start over. The Echelon operating system - where is it? She was the only light I knew She was the real What? I have a crush on a guy at work. Really? Who is he? Someone in my department. We've worked together for about a year now. You're kidding me. What's his name? Michael. He's... I don't know how to describe him. He's smart and he's funny. He's so cute. - Hot cute, not goofy cute? - Hot cute. So why haven't I met this guy? - He has a girlfriend. - Of course he has. Which is ultimately irrelevant anyway. The bank has a policy against co-workers dating. - You know you could quit. - Francie. - I don't know what kind of hold... - They don't have anything on me. I just can't quit my job. Thing is, I haven't heard you talk like this in forever. No one in the free world works as hard as you. I know it seems that way. Maybe you and Michael are destined. Maybe he can quit. I gotta go. - What's wrong? - Marshall was abducted. What? Our plan was to intercept him on his way home from LAX. I know what our plan was. The extraction team was about to move in when they saw this. We ran the plates on one of the SUVs. It was rented by Charles Williamson. We put his photo ID through a facial-recognition database. It matched a known associate of Gerard Cuvee. What steps are being taken? CIA has got one team radiating out from the abduction point and another in London retracing his steps. Our steps. The mission in London was my op. Marshall was my responsibility. Before being captured, Marshall emailed Cuvee's copy of the Echelon access program to SD-6. We took away Cuvee's access to Echelon and gave it to SD-6? Yes. But when SD-6 downloaded the program they discovered a problem. Marshall's email was broken up into packets of data and routed to SD-6 via Internet service providers around the world. However, there was a malfunction and several data packets were not transmitted. Without them, we cannot access Echelon. Can we fill in the missing pieces? I'm told it would take six months, and even then there's no guarantee. Do we know where did the error occur? A government-operated facility in Ho Chi Minh City. I'm sending in Sydney and Dixon to retrieve them. Who's leading the team to recover Marshall? We've changed his access codes. There is nothing that Marshall can tell Cuvee that could possibly hurt us. He will be tortured. Most likely killed. Oh, yes, I'm sure he will be. I've already contacted SD-4. There'll be a replacement in Op Tech by morning. That was the extent of his concern. It was as if someone had overcooked his steak. Well, you know what Cuvee's gonna do. He's gonna try to get Marshall to reverse-engineer the software, get back online. Yes. But you need two things to get on Echelon: the software and an access point. The software's like a map - it leads you to the doorway of the system. The access point is the door. Most likely a satellite. If we can find the door Cuvee went through and lock it, he won't get on. Not even with Marshall's help. The problem is, Diagnostics has run comprehensive systems analysis and they can't find the breach. Your mother thinks Cuvee may have used a Russian network to make contact. - Their version of Echelon, called SORM. - She told you that? I spoke with her. She thinks she can find the back door. But she has terms. If you wanna know where Cuvee breached the system, it'll take time. But I could do it - if I were given access to Echelon. No restrictions. Kendall will never give that to you. Then I would simply ask you to inform Mr Kendall that the technicians he'll assign to do the job will discover it is like quicksand. Your father was correct. I declined the offer. Second only to Arvin Sloane, Irina Derevko is the last person I want having access to the US Government's secure network. She'd be watched. I mean, if she tried anything unusual, we could just shut the system down. Access to computers and telecommunications equipment is specifically prohibited by your mother's immunity agreement. - I think we might be wasting time. - Agent Bristow, we hire qualified technicians around here. What do you say we give 'em a shot? Your countermission is simple. In Vietnam you'll download the data packets SD-6 is looking for and switch it with this. It's corrupted data. We'll have what SD-6 needs and they'll never be able to access Echelon. And, Syd, we'll find Marshall. I will ask you one more time. Where is the Echelon software you took from us? I swear on my mother's grave, I don't know. And, though technically Mom's still alive, she has picked out her grave site... Refusal to cooperate has a price. No, no, no, no, no. We can find your mother. OK. OK. OK, OK. I sent the Echelon software to SD-6. There's nothing I can do about that, I swear. But I saw the code. All of it. And I have a photographic memory, so I can re-create it, I can rewrite it. Just don't hurt my mother. Please. You leave my mother alone. We're off to a very good start. - What are you doing? - Downgrading your network privileges. Pending the outcome of my investigation, your security clearance has been revoked. Get out of my office. When Emily was killed, you claim you were in Taipei. It is a fact, not a claim. When a blackmailer stole $100 million of the Alliance's money in exchange for pictures of that murder, you were... On assignment in Istanbul. Doing back-channel, unsupervised work you conveniently arranged for yourself. I am a senior officer with discretion to arrange and carry out assignments as I see fit. - I will not be subject to a witch-hunt. - You have no protections here. No civil rights or civil liberties or reasonable doubt. - See that I'm not disturbed again. - Yes, ma'am. Get everyone you can from Op Tech, now. Notify assets in Istanbul, Taipei and Azerbaijan we will need immediate assistance in forging hard evidence of my being in each of those locations on specific days and times. We have a situation. Ariana Kane - the head of Alliance Counterintelligence - she's investigating me in connection with the murder of Emily Sloane. She's checking your aliases, the places you've been? You're covered for that. Yes - passport stamps, plane tickets - enough to withstand a cursory enquiry. This is anything but cursory. I did not kill Emily Sloane. But I do have secrets. And the last thing I can afford, the last thing Sydney can afford, is someone discovering that my loyalty does not lie with SD-6. We got the prints for Istanbul. This goes with the car you rented in Taipei. Have we backdated phoney charges through my credit card for these locations? Restaurants, rental car agencies, hotels... Room charges, they'll be on file with the respective concierges by morning. Good. - Bad time? - Yeah. What else is new? You left word with Analysis when Tippin's psych profile came back you wanted to be informed. - Anything I should know? - Just run protocol and bring him in. - You got it. - What about surveillance? I thought about rotoscoping you out of some other surveillance feed, but if they slow down the frame rate they'd know it was altered. That's why we went with the greenscreen. This is the original surveillance feed from the Istanbul Intercontinental. This is the footage that we filmed earlier. Use some subpixel masking and we get... Look, I even gave you a shadow. We've got your fingerprints on rental-car keys, on seat-belt buckles. - Hair samples stitched into pillow cases. - Good. - I want to review everything. - I think... - Thinking isn't sufficient. I wanna know. - You're right. I wanna see the plane tickets. Nina Bailes, from Tech-Sky Industries. I'm here to see Mr Nguyen. Accessing the system now. I should be in mid-presentation. Thank you for giving Tech-Sky the opportunity to talk with you about our microsatellite technology. At your direction, the projector will emit a high-intensity pulsed strobe light that flashes at the same frequency as human brain waves, effectively rendering targets unconscious. I can get the data packets and return, and they won't know I've been gone? For three minutes they'll experience it like a daydream. Any longer, they'll regain consciousness and you'll be found out. Now, make sure you put these glasses on first. They're time-synchronised with the pulses, so you'll be unaffected. A small constellation of satellites in low-Earth orbit is cheaper to launch and maintain than a traditional satellite network. And if one microsat fails, the entire system need not be replaced. What you're looking at is a typical Tech-Sky package. OK, Syd, do your thing. I'm almost in. OK, Syd, I'm in. - La'an Nguyen. Is that right? - Right. His ID will give you access to any room in the ministry. The data packets are in the hard drive, which is located in the server room. Two levels down, room 206. You've got three minutes. Syd, you've got two minutes to find the right hard drive. I'm not getting a positive signal. Data packets aren't on drives one or two. Drive three's missing. - Is there a serial number in the third bay? - 65733PY12. - That hard drive is in for repairs. - Where? Level one, room 147. - I'm on my way. - No. The repair room is just off the lobby. I'll go. Meet me at the extraction point. Dixon, no. I'll make it. Robert Milton. I'm here for the Tech-Sky presentation. One moment, please. I'm so late already. My boss is gonna kill me. - I told you I could make it. - Start over there. Work toward me. Got it. OK. Let's get out of here. Sydney. The guards'll be here any minute. This is a great victory. You both should be very proud. Thank you, sir. But our thoughts are with Marshall. - Has there been any word? - No, I'm afraid not. But our efforts continue. As do our prayers. So now SD-6 has everything it needs to access Echelon. Any idea on how long before it's up and running? Midnight tomorrow at the latest. You should have seen the look on Sloane's face when we got back. I don't think I've ever seen him so happy about a mission. He said he was praying for Marshall. Listen, about Marshall. One of our teams traced Cuvee's unit that abducted Marshall to a safe house outside London. By the time they got there it was abandoned. It was wired with four pounds of C-4. They never had a chance. It gets worse. In light of the tragedy, the director has ordered a halt in the search. So for the moment Marshall's on his own. You think maybe he could point that somewhere else? All right, never mind. It was dumb. You know Sydney's sleeping off another business trip? - Yeah. To Dublin, I think. - Glasgow. - Two more, I set a world record. - Will, I'm serious. Last week it was Buenos Aires, before it was Tokyo. I mean, it never ends. Fran, you know how much that used to bug me, right? I mean, I complained about it constantly. But her job - you know, what she does - it's important to her. I don't care. I'm still worried about her. Ever since Danny died, all she does is work. Oh, but now there's this new guy. You should've heard her talking about him. She sounded so happy. - She told you about a guy? - Yeah. Somebody from work - Michael something. You know him? - Me? No. - No, of course not. Cos the jerks at the bank where she slaves won't let them date, cos it's against the rules. - So they're not dating? - No. He's actually dating somebody else. She's just pining. Oh, you know what? The mailman left this for you. Guess there's a package for you at the post office. Hey, Will. Got your psych report back. You did well. - I'm not a sociopath? - Well, I didn't say that. - Do I have a job? - Yes. - A paying job? - Yes. As an analyst. You'll be asked to review classified documents and file reports. Think of it as writing articles, only now your source material is classified. In fact, your cover is as a journalist. What does that mean? Am I an agent? What? Agents are field-trained. You're an analyst - you're desk-trained. You sit at a desk. That's cool. The Agency operates a monthly travel magazine called <i>Trade Roads. </i> There's a small LA office. Go there when we page you. The materials we'll need analysed will be there when you arrive. But don't remove them from the building. When you're done filling out the paperwork, just give it to Bill. He'll make sure it's processed. I get health insurance? Welcome to the CIA. Thank you. Listen, obviously you're a good guy. I can't tell you how much I appreciate this job, and what I'm gonna say is inappropriate. But Sydney cares about you. And what you guys have - or don't have - means a great deal to her. I wanna make sure you respect that. I just got off the phone with the director - again - and he asked me again if I knew we were in the intelligence business. SD-6 is, by our best estimates, less than 12 hours away from accessing Echelon, which would give them all the intelligence capabilities of the CIA. Our efforts to prevent Gerard Cuvee from reaccessing Echelon ended in tragedy - four agents killed. As far as we know, your SD-6 Tech Ops officer Marshall Flinkman could already have Cuvee up and running again. As for Derevko's intel on SORM, Infosec has been unsuccessful in their search for a back-door access point. - What the hell just happened? - I had to shut down the system. SORM detected I was mapping its network and spit out a virus. My mother knew this would happen. - That's the word she used - quicksand. - She might've set up the virus. Why keep her here if you're not gonna use her? You have said Derevko turned herself in as part of a plan, something we can't see. If you were right, then giving her access to Echelon could only help that. In this instance, I think she could be an asset. They found it - quicksand. I told your father my terms. Full access to the network, no restrictions. Dad fought for you on this. Don't make him regret it. I'll need to send an access code. How will we know you're not signalling your organisation? You won't. Do it. - Looks clean. - Slow it down 200 per cent. Still good. If this was faked, it's the best job I've ever seen. Is this the last of the surveillance feeds? Karachi, Istanbul, Taipei. Yeah, that's it. I think you should see this. Yes, yes, we should have full access to Echelon in a matter of hours. Forensic report. OK, Alain. Yes, I'll let you know as soon as we're fully operational. Yes, absolutely. OK. Brain matter was found in the barrel of one of Jack Bristow's service pistols. According to the munitions log, he checked out a Glock 19 compact for one day, reporting a single accidental discharge and no casualties. I thought you were here to investigate the events surrounding my wife's death. The day Bristow checked out this weapon, killed someone with it and covered it up was the day your wife was murdered. Do you have enough cells to do a DNA profile? - Already being done. - Good. Well, if it matches with Emily, I want you to let me know immediately. Of course. You guys like cherry PEZ? You know, those cherry PEZ - the little candy that comes in the little superhero thing? Yeah. I collect the dispensers. I thought I had the largest collection in the world. I actually wrote the <i>Guinness Book</i> of World Records about it. They said that there was a girl in Australia, nine years old, had a larger collection than me. Which kinda sucked cos, well, she's so much younger than me, you know, and I'm so much older than her. I'm kinda hungry. You guys got some snacks or...? You probably... I agree. Something's wrong with my computer. I can't get online. Can you check it? Someone has launched a "denial of service" attack on us. We're getting pinged over and over. It's slowing down the network. That's odd. They didn't spoof the origin IP. How can someone be smart enough to hack in and forget to cover their tracks? Whoa, whoa. What's going on? What? We have a firewall. You broke through it. I want to know why. I was just trying to download an MP3 off Audiogalaxy. An MP3? You know, a music file? This I am 75 per cent done with. I just thought the rest of it would go a lot faster with some tunes. I'm just gonna show you the MP3. You like Sammy Hagar? I'll go back to the program. Come with me. Marshall's in Mexico City? He signalled us through the computer. We traced him through the IP address he used. Uh-huh. OK. I'll notify the extraction team at once. We'd like your permission to conduct the operation ourselves. Yes, of course. - Are you making any progress here? - Like Echelon, SORM has access points. If I can locate the directory, we will know if there's any access points. That we could keep SD-6 and Cuvee off the system. I'd like a coffee, please. Cream or sugar? - Black. - Thank you. - Kane called a meeting. - Does she know anything? Unclear, but I'm told she has two units from security section prepared to take me in. I have to be ready for anything. I have to admit I'm impressed. I've rarely found a record as well-documented as yours. You couldn't have been more thorough if you tried. If I may ask, what is it you're looking for? There are only two pieces of evidence I haven't been able to corroborate. Help me with them, and we're finished. Damn, she's got the place wired. Jack, we make six agents from security section. Every time you make a phone call on your STU, the SIM card on your cellphone communicates with the local cell tower. Those communications are recorded on the card's memory chip. It's kind of like a minitravelogue. We need the cell tower signal codes for Istanbul, Karachi and Taipei. Jack, listen to me. What pocket is your phone in? If it's in the left jacket pocket, hold up one finger. In the right pocket, hold up two. - You two ready to order? - Not yet. Thanks. You have my phone records. Which, we both know, could easily be forged. So I'd like your phone. You said there were two things. Who is Stephen Haladki? He was a CIA agent loyal to Irina Derevko. Whom you murdered. We found brain matter in a gun you fired on the day Emily was murdered. I admit I thought DNA tests would prove you killed her, but instead they prove you killed Haladki. We had reliable intel that Derevko was accessing information through the CIA. Her source turned out to be Haladki. He was crucial to her operation and had to be removed. I got the tower codes. We can't wait for Bristow's phone. Give me yours. Vaughn, give me your phone. The card's been reprogrammed. I'll stamp Jack's serial number on your SIM card. You'll have to switch them out. Here you go. If Haladki worked with Derevko, why hide his death from Sloane? The death of a CIA agent draws unwanted attention and focus. If that happens, the safest recourse is to say nothing. Ever. - Are we through? - As soon as I get your SIM card. Yes, of course. I'll be in touch. Move in on the package. Are you ready to party? - Syd, I'm ready to receive. - "Are we ready to party?" I speak nine languages. Techno is not one of them. I'll need cover now. Dixon, wish me luck. I've piggybacked onto the surveillance feed. Are you getting a signal? One second. OK, Syd, I'm in. He's in a storage room on the 47th floor. Take the eastern stairwell. The room should be the second door on your left. - Guards? - I make two. I'll lock down the elevators, secure all access doors. That should keep everyone else away, but, Syd, be careful. Program's done. We'll be uplinked to Echelon in two minutes. Excellent. Tell your boss, or whatever, that I'm finished. The program's written. We estimated SD-6 would have Echelon operational by midnight. It's ten after. The blue are Echelon access points, the red are SORM access points. You said you would find ones that overlapped. I said I'd find out if one overlapped. - And if they don't? - Then I can't help you. You know where you can go, you freak? - Any idea? - Kill him. Straight to hell, my friend. Straight to hell. Kill his mother. - Hi. - Wow. Let's go. Syd, we've got a problem. I've been locked out. Their security system is operational. Get out of there now. Dixon, we're trapped. - I'll get over to you now. - There's no time. Come on. - We're on the 47th floor. - Remember when we flew to London, I said I compressed a high glide tactical parachute in the lining of my jacket? Well, as luck would have it, this one's got it too, along with a hyperextending tandem sling. Come here. I got it. My name is Marshall J Flinkman and I'm here to rescue you. If this was some kind of manipulation... The overlapping access point. As promised. Confirming a match with Echelon right now. Close the access point and SD-6 will be shut out. We have confirmation. It's a match. As promised, Alain, we have Echelon at our disposal. I'm afraid something's happened. So Marshall saved our lives. How did I return the favour? By bringing him back to SD-6. We had to, Syd. Bringing Marshall into the CIA didn't make sense any more, not after Sloane got the Echelon program. I know. It's just... Marshall has no idea who he's really working for. Here by my side An angel Here by my side The devil Never turn your back on me It won't always be like this. Right? It will end. I should go. Do not turn on the lights. You shouldn't have run from her, Jack. Kane needs someone to blame. Since she can't find who really murdered Emily, she's decided to blame me. I did not murder your wife. But if I don't find the person who did, Kane will frame me for it. I have some leads. I need you to pursue them for me. Can I trust you to do that? Of course. This will stay between us.