but luckily I was able to rebook the same day. Oh, you know what? Francis called, and, um, they want to publish my paper. I know. I know. Well, you know, we'll celebrate when I get home. You know what? I've got to go, sweetheart. Tell the girls I have a little something for them. Give them a kiss. All right, love you, too. Bye. Excuse me. Place your luggage and shoes on the table, please. Oh. Me? - And your shoes. - Oh. Oh, it's just for my daughter. I will need you to follow me, please. I don't understand. It's just a bear. This way. Hang on. Can I have my shoes back, please? Excuse me? What is going on? Am I not allowed to have a toy? You know, I'd like some answers out of the two of you. I'm an american citizen. Don't worry, Dr. Sinclair. Hang on a second. The other guy looked at my passport. You didn't. - How did you know my name? - Your luggage tag. Oh, this is great. This is just great. Thanks for coming. On the phone you sounded desperate. For the past month, I've been investigating leads which -- Suggest that your father is still alive. So? What did you discover? What I learned is that it was a hoax. My father was killed by Irina Derevko in 1979. But someone was trying to make me believe otherwise. Any idea who may have perpetrated this elaborate conspiracy? Arvin Sloane. One of his colleagues confessed. What possible motive would he have -- To force me into stealing something they wanted. I mean, come on, Jack, do I really have to explain to you what this is about? Sloane hasn't reformed. And he's still after the same things. There's more, dad. Vaughn wasn't the only person deceived by Sloane. The contract, the hit that was put on my life -- I've seen the bank records. The payments paid to the assassin. It wasn't mom. It was Sloane. He was behind it. He wanted you to kill her. I'm sorry, dad. We should notify the agency. Chase -- No. I'll handle everything. What do you want? Just tell me what you want. Welcome, professor Sinclair. What's this about, Jack? You can't imagine what it felt like looking into the face of the woman I once shared a life with, and with a single bullet ending that life. I ran through every scenario. Why? What was the purpose in having me believe the only way to save my daughter's life was to kill her mother? And then it occurred to me why you would go to such lengths. It was for Sydney. You imagined you'd drive a wedge between me and my daughter. I didn't. I had nothing to do with Irina's death. One good reason why I shouldn't do to you what I did to my wife. Jack, this doesn't make sense. Think about it. Even if I did succeed in undermining your relationship with Sydney -- which, given our agreement, runs counter to my self-interest -- even then, with all the people in Sydney's life -- Vaughn, Nadia, anyone -- do you really believe that she would turn to me? Jack, I didn't do this. Someone is setting me up. Who are you? Your questions will all be answered in time. It's... what I have, what we can do together, that matters. Years ago, I was with the army corps of engineers. They wanted me to study a certain manuscript. These pages were drawn over 500 years ago by a man of genius who anticipated scientific principles centuries ahead of his time. - You're insane. - Not at all. Prototypes of his designs have already been built. Turned up all over the world. I've been collecting them for the past 35 years. I  don't understand. What do I have -- I've been following your career, Dr. Sinclair, since Stanford. I  need your expertise. You want me to build a 500-year-old machine? Okay. Listen to me. I know that, um... we all have beliefs, and things that we really want and wish to be true and real. But these specs -- they're just theoretical. They have absolutely no basis in physical reality. Once you see... once you believe... it'll change everything for you. And what if I don't cooperate? You will. You believe Sloane? Until proven otherwise, yes. Until proven otherwise? Didn't you hear what I said? What the hell did Sloane say to you? Actually, agent Vaughn, in this country the burden of proof is on establishing guilt, not innocence. Roberts -- he's in custody. He said that Sloane was behind the attacks, that he worked for Sloane. You want to put them together? Assume he makes a positive I.D. you put him face to face with Sloane. Watch him try to deny that. You'll have your proof. Roberts, the man you're about to see is your former employer, Arvin Sloane. All we need you to do is make a positive I.D. - Well? - Huh. What does that mean? I mean, that dude is him -- sort of. Is it him or not? I mean, yeah, it's him, but then it's not. Know what I'm saying? - So it's not him, but -- - But almost him. This is wild. Like, they don't even look that much alike, but... Oh, this is freaky, man. You ask me, both of them give me the creeps. Now that I've been exonerated by your informant, I suggest you find out what it is he really does know. I'll be in my office. I believe it's still mine, yes? Just because Roberts didn't make a positive I.D. doesn't  mean Sloane's not involved. Is there a problem? Yes, actually, there is. You're missing a vital component. Am I? A transformer coil. Which acts as a containment stabilizer. Yes, that's right. Yes, we were hoping to have obtained the coil by now. Well, then you know that without it, a device of this size is incapable of withstanding its own power output. Hmm. Maggie, I hired you because countless times you've proven yourself capable of improvising solutions where others have failed. Well, I thank you for your vote of confidence, but even I have my limits. I see. Motivate her. I want to believe you, but it doesn't make any sense -- Why someone would set you up, pursue the same specific things you've pursued in the past. So you think that I've resumed my search for Rambaldi. Have you? Nadia, I made you a promise. I gave up my past obsessions for you. Look, I know I've given you reasons to doubt me. I know I've acted crazy in the past, but what happened in Siena, sweetheart... that won't happen again. I promise. What he's asking might not even be possible even with the component. Please listen to me. I'm begging you. As you are aware, evidence indicates that someone has been actively perpetrating crime in my name. Objective is simple -- find the man. Apprehend him. Assuming he exists at all. That's the assumption we're working with. Our best lead so far is Roberts. Where are we with him? Roberts has been interrogated. His knowledge of the organization he was working for is extremely limited. But we can still use him. He knows their contact protocol. We give Roberts the coil and put him into play. He makes an exchange. We track the coil back to Arvin Clone. Sorry, that's what we've been calling him. Yeah, also, uh, Marvin Sloane. Rolling Sloanes. But obviously equally disrespectful. Has Roberts agreed to cooperate? I'm sure we can persuade him to see things our way. Um, excuse me, sorry, but we all know that the coil is a key component in the Rambaldi design. Rambaldi. Which means that, per your pardon agreement, Mr. Sloane, you must recuse yourself of all matters Rambaldi. You have to leave this room. Marshall, this mission is about proving my innocence. Sydney, Marcus, talk to Roberts. Help him to see that it's in his best interest to work with us right away. You except me to double-cross Sloane? - He's not Sloane. - Whoever he is. You dangle bait in front of a man like that, you lose a hand. I'm sorry, but, uh, no can do. Let's be clear. You play ball with us, or enjoy the rest of your life in prison. I'll be safer in prison. Trust. We guarantee immunity from prosecution. National security crimes, europol records, parking tickets -- you name it, it all disappears. And we relocate you to someplace safe. Someplace safe? What, like Mars? You'll have full CIA protection. You have our word. Look, I met the man twice. I deal with his number two. Cat named Carter. You think about running a trace, they'll know. The line's clean. Please, no! No, please, no! Aah! Aah! Aah! Aah! - I'm hanging up. - No, no, let it ring. What do you want me to do, leave a message? We won't get a chance like this again. - It's Roberts. - Where have you been? Well, hello to you, too, Carter. It's not nice to disappear, Mr. Roberts. Yeah, well, um, things got a little hot, so I had to lay low for a whole. Lay low. A thing lays, as in you lay a book down. A person lies. Oh, okay. Well, uh, listen. Why don't we get together? You can give me some grammar lessons, and I can give you that coil you've been looking for. You have the coil? I'm looking right at it. But considering the considerable risk I've taken to procure it, the price just went up. -  Name it. - 750. Plus a neutral place to meet. Plus, no more grammar lessons. - A neutral location? - Yeah, that's right. Or I disappear again, and I take your slinky with me. You call back in a half hour. I'll have a location. Might not seem it, but this could be the luckiest day of your life. You people better have my back. - The meet is on. - Where? Tomorrow. Around the corner. 1500. 47... 45... He's innocent. Maybe. I know it, Sydney. I hope you're right. Do you? Okay, one more patch, ladies, and I am tied into the hotel surveillance system. Perfecto. Qué bueno, Nadia y Sydney. All systems up and running. Ready to rock. Moving into position. Copy, Dixon. We have you on screen. Oh, this place is killer. We have to get married here. You haven't even proposed yet. They don't know that. We can tell them that we're thinking about it and get a free meal off the sampler menu. Excuse me, sir, do you have the time, please? Time for me to get the hell out of here. Just look at your watch and tell me what time it is. 2:55. When Carter arrives, we'll move in and arrest him. You have nothing to worry about. Clearly, you don't know the man. Yo. Rum cannonball. A little early for the hard stuff, don't you think? No, I don't. In fact, make it two. One for each hand. We have an approach. Do I know you? I'm just here to make the sweep. Make  sure you're not carrying any weapons. Sit tight, Sydney. See where this goes. - Okay. Come with me. - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. The plan was to meet here. The plan's changed. We're doing this in the penthouse. Show me. All teams, re-deploy to cover the penthouse. Moving to the freight elevator. Sydney, we need audio on Roberts. Copy. You got stones, man. Double-crossing Carter like that? Sir? Sir, you left this at the bar. T hanks. Oh! So, did Carter come himself, or did he send somebody? Oh, no, no, no. He wants to do this face to face. Following them up. Something's wrong. He's here. The clone. They're gonna cut the cable. On my way to the subbasement now. Roberts is dead. And the coil is gone. I need to speak with you. I saw him at the hotel. It was only for a moment, but I know now what Roberts was talking about. The man, the impostor -- everything about him, Sloane. His clothe his posture, they way he looked at me -- it's the way you look at me. And how is that, Sydney? Let's just say it's equally disturbing. Yeah. Well, quite frankly, I'm surprised that you didn't get to it before. What's that? You read the report. The operation, the elevator cables. - Moscow. Four years ago. - Yeah. I tasked Julian Sark to a similar strategy in order to relieve a Mr. Karpachev of a certain item I required. Why would someone be impersonating you? It appears to be more than that. This man -- his strategy, his appearance, his affinity for all things Rambaldi. You think he actually believes he's you? Oh... perhaps Marshall was right. Perhaps I should recuse myself from any further involvement. No, you have to stay in it. In fact, you may need to go deeper. The coils, the manuscript, your sense of strategy. If you're right about this, he has access to everything -- CIA files, your psych reports, mission analysis. You may be the only one who can do it -- anticipate his next move. You're asking me to go back to Rambaldi? God help us. Yes. Identity confirmed. I was wrong about your father. I'm sorry. I know it's been hard to work with Sloane, to trust him. That's no excuse. No. You're doing your job. You don't have to apologize. Thanks for saying that, but asking him to go back to the thing that was the cause of so many problems... What do you mean? Chase authorized my request to research Rambaldi -- Are you serious? He's in there with Dixon right now. Sydney... - What is it? I thought -- - You don't know what I saw. Last year when my father and I went back to Siena, the closer we got to finding this artifact that he wanted, the more he began to change. I saw him slipping away from himself. His passion, this desperation to connect with Rambaldi, it completely overtook him. He became a different man. His eyes were mad, lost. I didn't want to be around him after that. The only reason I agreed to come back, to join A.P.O., it was because he promised me that part of his life was over. I know what he's doing. I know what he's doing. The man we're looking for is attempting to construct an energy source -- in essence, a massive battery is the simplest way to describe it. - Where's the power? - We don't know. So that's why he needed the transformer coil. That's right, but in order to use it, it's necessary to have an engineer with a specialty in nuclear physics. An advanced knowledge of quantum electrodynamics. There are only a handful of scientists in the world. You think one of them is working with our target? Yes, but not by choice. Dr. Margaret Sinclair disappeared last week in Krakow. We can presume this is no coincidence. Could this battery already be completed? It's unlikely. There are other important components, including xanthium 242. How do we know they don't already have it? I contacted a former colleague of mine in Sicily. Someone who trades in illicit chemicals. Apparently yesterday morning Arvin Sloane placed an order for an unprecedented amount of xanthium. I kindly told him to hold the order. That I would be picking it up personally. - Someone else can do this. - No, it's my contact. Then you should have backup. I'll come with you. Nadia, it's a meeting. I don't need backup. Look, sweetheart, I know what you're concerned about. Rambaldi. You have nothing to worry about. I'll be fine. I think you're asking too much of yourself. Look, I've proven myself to you, to everyone. I don't have to -- The DSR was a contained environment. You were being watched. There were limitations. The only limitation that was necessary when I was at the DSR is you. When I was studying those manuscripts, the only thing my thoughts kept returning to was you. I was surrounded by symbols of all the things I once believed in, and it all felt meaningless. Having a daughter, knowing you means more to me than anything ever has or ever will. What about Siena? I can't change what you witnessed in Siena. But I can assure you that the man that you saw there no longer exists. I'm sorry, Nadia. For what? Having me as a father is an arduous undertaking, one that I imposed on you. Don't say that. I don't want to lose you again. Then I need to know that you have faith in me. Considering she doesn't like running on a wet track, that mare is quite the longshot. Mr. Sloane. It's been so long -- in person, I mean. Well, I've had to take some precautions as of late. Do you have the package? Yes. Of course. There is a question I've been wanting to ask you for the longest time. Now that you are here... Yes? What is it? This OMNIFAM organization you founded, feeding the world's poor and hungry -- What was that really about? What was in that food you sent to those impoverished countries? Ignacio. I know you were involved with genetic experimentation. Ignacio, the fact is that someone in the black market is posing as me. And that same someone placed all the previous orders of xanthium 242 with you. Mr. Sloane, he -- he followed all of your protocols. I didn't know. I swear. Ignacio, I'm not here to hurt you. But you need to tell me exactly where that shipment was supposed to be sent. Marshall, our team's going to Santiago. Pull up satellite surveillance. 1500 court of Barrera Montin. Got it. I'm on it. Weiss, make sure the jet is on standby. Coordinate an in-country rendezvous with Sloane at 1200 hours. 1200? Jack, it's me. You can say noon. Just do it! Sloane is joining the tactical team? Considering who we're up against, and considering our need for Rambaldi information. And are you considering the man himself? It's one thing to allow Sloane into the DSR, but if his impostor has assembled the Rambaldi device and Sloane is put in front of it, what assurance do we have -- I'm calling the shots here, Marcus. And you have a problem with my questioning Sloane's motives? As far as I'm concerned, at this juncture, Sloane's motives are irrelevant. If he can help bring the impostor to us, I say let Sloane do what he needs to do. Go to Santiago. Let's end this. Mr. Sloane, the shipment's here. Good. Meet them at the loading dock. See that it's properly handled. I'll get Dr. Sinclair. We'll meet you at the lab. Outrigger, do you have visual? I count seven tangos so far. Still searching for the hostage. The xanthium has arrived. You can begin assembly immediately. I could have worked more efficiently if you hadn't ruined my hands. I have faith that you'll find another way. I've got a twenty on Dr. Sinclair. Northwest side, level 2. Hangar's on ground floor, east side. Understood. All right, we'll split up. One team retrieve the hostage, the other secures the lab. I go with Sloane. I was gonna suggest that myself. Strange, isn't it? What's that? All our years working together, this is the first time I've been with you in action. Up close. Alpha team, you're almost on target. Take the next left. Watch your fire. They got Sinclair. It's locked. Stay back, stay back. Give me your radio. Carter, change of plans. Secure the device from the hangar and meet me by the side exit. What is this? This is taking too long. If this were your facility, what would the access code be? J-A... Try "jacquelyn." J-A-C-Q-U-E-L-Y-N. Am I supposed to know who that is? - I'll set the charges. - No. No, we don't have to. We can dismantle it. No. Sloane. Sydney, we have to consider the value of this. I don't care. Phoenix, we're cut off. They've got Dr. Sinclair. You've got to intercept them. Where? Northwest corridor, headed your way. Go. Go. I'm on it. Mr. Sloane. I thought we were supposed to rendezvous on the side entrance. Hello. Stay with her. Who's the man misrepresenting me? - It's Arvin Sloane. - I'm Arvin Sloane. Damn! Do you know what this is that you're doing? What the hell do you want? Do you understand what you're dealing with here, and for what? Please, he told me -- Mr. Sloane -- Listen to me. Don't make me tell you again who I am. You fool. He told me -- he told me that I could live forever. No! Is that what you think this is all about? Immortality? You bought the rumor, you simple-minded dilettante! A mystery. The true secrets of these creations will always be held back from you, the unworthy!