also a double agent with CIA. Get down. I guess we'll just have to learn to trust each other. Bristow's CIA contact: Michael Vaughn. My guardian angel. Her current assignment: to infiltrate and destroy SD-6, a secret organisation dealing in espionage, extortion, weapon sales, posing as the CIA. SD-6 has made over $400 million in arms sales alone. SD-6 director, Arvin Sloane. The sanctity of this agency requires the sacrifice of some personal freedoms. This is not about cutting off an arm of the monster. This is about killing the monster. You're Alexander Khasinau. - You should eat something. - I'm not hungry. Wait. - I have questions for you. - You can ask my boss. Your boss? I thought the Man was the boss. Yes. Yes, but I'm not the Man. I've waited almost 30 years for this. Mom? You must have known this day would come. I could have prevented all this, of course. You were so small when you were born. It would have been so easy. Tell me, Sydney, who sent you here? You must tell me. Or what? I'm grounded. Tell you what. Think about it. I'll come back and ask you again. You were shot by your mother? - Yes. - And you don't have a problem? No. What I mean by that... Yes, of course I have problems. The problems I have I can handle. How did you escape? I'm sorry, but Agent Vaughn is missing, and my sitting here telling Houdini stories to a CIA shrink, no offence, is pointless. No one should be worrying about me. It's him. We should all be looking for him. You're frustrated cos you're not part of the search team. But, Sydney, they're looking, and you've been ordered to come and talk to me. I knew I couldn't get out of the room until I got out of the chair. It was an unreinforced aluminum chair. I wedged it against a water valve, put stress on the weld points. Getting past the door was a little more complicated. And you did all this with a bullet in your shoulder? - Do you not believe me? - It's impressive. Not really. One thing I've learned doing this: there's no drug like adrenaline. Where the hell are you? I'm in the middle of Taipei. I just got free. Is Vaughn with you? No. We haven't heard from him. Sydney, you have to get to the plane, now. Dad, I have to go back for him. There's no time. The Taiwanese authorities will check this airstrip. I can't leave him behind. Hold the plane. I'm going back to the lab. Sydney, wait. - Who's Vaughn? - Tell me about Vaughn. He's my CIA handler. For a long time he was the only person I could trust. I think that still might be the case. Anyway, a good friend of mine - a civilian - Will Tippin, was kidnapped. Vaughn came to me. He offered to help. So the two of us and my father went to Taipei to get my friend back. How did Vaughn go missing? The last time I saw Vaughn was the night before my mother shot me. While my father was paying a ransom in exchange for my friend, Vaughn and I went in to destroy one of the kidnappers' research facilities. We broke in through a club in the building next door. Along the way we split up. When I got to the lab I was supposed to destroy, I found something unusual. - What was it? - The short answer is, I have no idea. But there was no time, and I did my job. By destroying Khasinau's lab, I flooded the building. And when you woke up you were handcuffed to an aluminum chair. After I escaped, I went back to the last place I'd seen him. There was a hazmat team cleaning up the mess, testing the water. I stole a suit and went in. I found Vaughn's coat. When I finally made it back to the plane, Vaughn still hadn't shown up. OK. Easy. What happened to the guy who shot you? There was no guy. It was Mom. And it didn't seem like she worked for Khasinau. It seems that Khasinau works for her. Excuse me, did you say you were shot by your mother? Sit down. - Hello? - Hey. Where are you? Just coming home from San Francisco. What's up? - Have you heard from Will? - Have I heard from Will? No. Me neither, and there's this story on the news right now. Will wrote a story that wasn't supposed to get printed unless he went missing. What was Will's story about? It was about the murder of your fiancé, and some conspiracy, and some group called SD-6. What did you write about SD-6? Nothing. Just the name. I don't even know what it is. I just heard the name. Why? Do you know what it is? Is it a group? Are they good? Are they bad? I mean, do you work with them? Will was asking all the questions I would ask. What did you say to him? Without going into details, we told him the truth. That my father and I work for the CIA. That we're working undercover at SD-6, one of a number of private agencies, based in various countries, that trade in weapons, drugs and intelligence. That use covert means to undermine governments and industry in their attempts to take over the world. So, what was his reaction? Seriously? He thought it sounded preposterous. Which is appropriate. Did Will's article put you in danger at SD-6? My problems at SD-6 came from a different source. As you're aware, I was shot last year, while on a mission with Agent Bristow. I was left with few memories of that day. The doctors said that type of memory loss was typical. But then, last week, I remembered something. And I remembered Agent Bristow trying to save my life using a Satcom radio. What was unusual was that she ID'd herself with a call sign not issued by SD-6. Call sign "Freelancer". Last Thursday night, I followed Agent Bristow. I watched as she illegally gained access to an SD-6 facility in Santa Barbara. I prayed, sir, that there was an explanation. But when I confronted Sydney, she had none. As a servant of this country, despite the fact it breaks my heart to do so, I must report that I believe Sydney Bristow to be a double agent. My father, of course, anticipated this. You and I need to assume Dixon's reported you. The best move for us is for me to take full responsibility. What about Will? You're gonna have a hard time. Then we landed and went back to SD-6. As my father predicted, they took me into custody. That's when he went to see Sloane. You gave Sydney the call sign "Freelancer". - Yes. That's right. - Why? Because I didn't trust you. Consider it a paternal instinct. I'm only telling you now because of Tippin's article. I should have had Tippin killed months ago. Tippin's kidnapping led us directly to Khasinau. Sydney destroyed their facility. Now Khasinau's organisation is fractured. Those who didn't lose their lives are on the run. This is an opportunity. I understand that I broke protocol, that the Alliance would have me killed for what I have done, but if I weren't loyal to you, Arvin, to SD-6, I would not have returned. What about Tippin? Tippin's insignificant. He doesn't know anything. And you can't kill him now, it'll only call attention. I will see to it that he never writes another article again. Sloane just talked to me. There are times in life, when we don't listen to our heart, to what we know to be true. In those moments we've lost who we are. We've betrayed ourselves. Questioning your loyalty, your virtue, was one of those lost times for me. Dixon is a good man. He still believes, as I once did, that SD-6 is a classified division of the CIA. That's the hardest part about working undercover. Having to lie to the people that you care about. - Anything from Vaughn? - Nothing. - What the hell's being done? - We got a team in Taipei. They searched the warehouse. They're tracking every lead possible. - Don't give that to me. - This is called the best that we can do. - Vaughn might not even be in Taipei. - I understand that. He's my friend too. Sydney, I promise you, we're looking as hard as we can. I know this is tough for you, but you have to focus. We have a job to do. I know. SD-6 wants to send me on a mission to Cap Ferrat, France. Why? What's there? La Petite Rose, the estate of Jean-Marc Revet, member of the French national assembly. Since the destruction of Khasinau and Derevko's headquarters in Taipei - thank you, Sydney - some members of their organisation have been exposed. Revet is one of those men. We believe he helped to finance their operation, and is the key to finding Khasinau, your mother, others who have worked with them, and bringing them to justice. "Bringing them to justice." I love that - Arvin Sloane talking about justice. What does Sloane want you to do? Your mission is to gain entry into Revet's house, plant a bug in his office. Assuming that you're feeling up to it. I'll be fine. - Marshall. - Thank you. Anyway, OK, what we have here is a phone. You might find, you know, talking... "Hello. Mom. Yeah. Mom, no, I will be there. It's just..." "Listen, is Aunt Ruthie gonna be there?" Ubiquitous object with infinite designs, colour, wiring, components. Guy like me, designing a bug for a phone like this? First I have to figure out what type of model the phone is that I'm bugging. And then I have to design it so it's invisible. No more bugging phones. All right. Welcome to a new age in wiretapping. This bug, it's in the wire. It's a universal design, works on any phone, adjustable frequency. All you gotta know is what country the phone's in. In this case, <i>la France. </i> How you doin'? Bug's in the wire. That's good. We'll get CIA Tech to make you a delay transmitter. That way we can control what SD-6 gets to hear and, meanwhile, CIA hears it all. Listen, about Vaughn - I'm praying too. So now, instead of going back to Taipei, instead of helping in the search for Vaughn, I'm leaving for France in half an hour. One more thing. You haven't said anything about your mother. What am I supposed to say? Something insightful? The first time I see my mother in 20 years and she almost kills me. Which would have made me the 13th CIA officer she's killed. She's former KGB. She's betrayed my father. She's betrayed me. She's betrayed this country. All anyone needs to know about that woman is that she's a bad guy. I think this was a good beginning. Like I said, I can handle the problems I've got. Dr Khasinau, Mr Revet is calling. - Bluebird. You close? - Almost there. - Dammit. - You all right? Just my shoulder. I'm good. OK. We're good at stage one. Hors d'oeuvres are tasty. Don't forget now, you can always bring me back a few. Can you get upstairs? I think so. - Second door on the right? - Yes. Second door on the right. - What's up? We got a signal? - Yeah. We got a signal. OK. Let's let SD-6 hear that. I got you, Bluebird. Get out of there. - I'll be finished in 20 minutes. - Yes, sir. Vaughn, you have to get up. We have to get out of here. Come on. Come on, they're gonna be back in a second. Syd? I'm so sorry. I'm gonna shoot you with adrenaline. We have got to run. Don't do that. Come on. Come on. Come on. Grab them. - That hurt. - I'm sorry. Don't be. Where are we? - France. - France? Really? France. There's too much to explain. I have to get back before Dixon comes after me. You can get back to Los Angeles, right? - What? - You saved my life. I'll see you back in LA. So the operation in France must have gone well. Your spirits seem lifted. The doctor said Vaughn's gonna be all right, so... OK. I see what you're thinking, and the answer is no. There is no line being crossed. He's my handler. Vaughn and I have a professional relationship. That's it. Well, actually, I was thinking about your reporter friend. Will isn't doing so well. In Taipei he was tortured. But, I think, in some ways things have gotten even worse for him. The only way SD-6 will let you live is if you destroy the life you've got. I understand that, but you can't think of another way than this? Yes, I can think of a number of other ways, but they all involve your burial. Is that your idea of a joke? You're morbid, Jack. You'll be taken to a drug house in South Central. An hour later there will be a raid. Remember, the most critical thing is that you face the press yourself. If you don't go public with this, you'll be a dead man. I'm scared. I know. You ready? - Heroin? - Francie, I'll explain everything later. OK? Then we should go out the back, cos there's a bunch of reporters waiting for you. No. I wanna go out the front. - There he is. - Mr Tippin? Is it true you were found with heroin in your blood? Will, give us some sort of statement. My problem with heroin goes back three years. I'm embarrassed for myself and for my family when I tell you that most of what I've written during that time has been complete fiction. Including my most recent report about an organisation that I called SD-6. These were desperate att... As hard as that is to watch, your friend is very lucky. It could have ended up much worse. You know how much I care about you, Sydney. I did it for you - spared Will's life. I didn't want to see you lose someone else to SD-6. Thank you. There is something else. Something I wanna ask you. It would mean a great deal to me if you would speak at Emily's service. - You OK? - Fantastic. He's in the bathroom. - How bad? - It's just bad. Look, I have to meet with my realtor. I'll be back in an hour. Can you watch him? Yeah. He's gonna be OK. I was just sitting there, putting my stuff from my desk into this cardboard box. And I look up, and everybody from the office is just staring at me. So I left my office this afternoon for, like, the last time. But I got a lot of, like "Take care, man." I got a lot of that. - I'm so sorry, Will. - I'm... I'm sitting here. I'm on a couch, I'm alive. Is anyone listening to us right now? No. That lamp has a bug killer in it, so we're safe here. How's your mouth? I'm gonna be fine. Of course, I lose my health insurance the same day I need a root canal. Who is it? Just say good guys or bad guys, I'll understand. Good guys. When I was a kid, I was a swimmer. I could swim the hundred metres in 68 seconds. I can't tell you how irrelevant that was that night we were in Taipei. There have been some pretty incredible inventions over the last 2,000 years, but none more incredible than the screwdriver. None. I thought I was home free. But they knocked me out. Next thing I knew, I was in France. When I saw you behind that window, I swear to God, I thought you were dead. We just intercepted a call from one of Khasinau's operatives. - He made reference to "the Bible". - What is it? A book, an operations manual for their whole cartel - contacts, weapons and tech inventory, objectives. It's information Khasinau and your mother need to rebuild their operation. If we retrieve this book, we can prevent that. - Any idea where this "Bible" is? - It was Taipei. Apparently, when the lab was being destroyed, this operative, who called Khasinau, grabbed the book, kept it safe. He's planning on handing it to Khasinau tomorrow afternoon, at the Port of Barcelona, pier 347. - Does SD-6 know about this? - That's what's so genius. The delay transmitter you planted? Lets us control the signal SD-6 receives. We didn't let 'em hear the call. You're going to Spain to intercept the book. You leave in 30 minutes. - Anything? - Not yet. You know, there's some really good restaurants in Barcelona. Yeah. I know. - You know what I was thinking? - I think I do. If we could actually be seen in public together, we could get the Bible and get a bite. Yeah. Can the whole team come? Cos we're starving. OK. We've got Khasinau. Everyone hold position. Get ready to move. The courier's got a briefcase. It's got to be the Bible. We move in on three. Everybody into position. One. Two. Out of the car. Let me see your hands. Drop the case. - Drop the case. - Let me see your hands. Out of the car. Come on. Throw it down. Throw it down. Who the hell is firing? Weiss, I'm going after the shooter. Cover me. Bravo Team, you take the dry dock to the west. Charlie Team, take it to the east. It's OK. It's OK. Relax. Freeze. Drop the suitcase. Hands behind your head. On your knees. Drop it. Hands behind your head. Get on your knees. Head to the ground. Truth takes time. - Do you have a minute? - You all right? - Have you heard? - What? Sit down. I had Emily's funeral this morning - Sloane's wife. - You're eulogising the bastard's wife? - Yes. The devil's wife. The wife of the guy who had Danny killed. The guy who wanted to kill me. Despite being married to a truly horrible man, Emily was a good person. And if the people who cared about her don't speak at her funeral because of him, there's no justice in that. It just makes him stronger. You can't see this bruise, right? So this is what your life is - lying to everybody all the time. I've only been doing it for a few days and it's killing me. When you found out about me, I was just terrified, because I saw what happened when Danny learned the truth. But I was also, selfishly, so relieved, because it meant that you knew, that I didn't have to think every time we spoke. I could just be me. Hello? Back here. No bruises. I got the space. I'm opening a restaurant. - Congratulations. - That's great. Thank you. I met Emily shortly after I started working at Credit Dauphine. Like many young women, I was intimidated by the world. I was sort of desperate for a little guidance. As he had been for most of my life, my father was busy working. I'd lost my mother when I was six, so I didn't have anyone to go to, no role model. Arvin invited me for dinner one night. I remember, after dinner was over, Emily walked me out to the car. I didn't know her at all. And she said in this simple, reassuring voice: "You're gonna be OK." Thinking of Emily, I often wondered about my own mother, and what she would have been like, had she lived. Would she have been as strong as Emily, or as kind, as good? I always told myself that she would have had those qualities, even though I couldn't see them. I simply believed them. But Emily wasn't just the mother I never had. She was the mother all of us wish we had. Dad? Devlin just called. The CIA had a walk-in. She just surrendered. She said she wants to cooperate. Who?