I know almost nothing about you. I want to...very much. A Covenant official wants to defect. Leonid Lisenker. In exchange for his extraction and immunity, he's willing to turn over everything he knows about The Covenant. Believe it or not, these schematics are two times scale, meaning this plasma charge is only 6 inches in diameter. But it packs a wallop. Freeze! Give me the bomb. Out of the way! Hurry up! Move it now! Come on! Follow me! This is way out of my league. Motion sensor. A dedicated board running God knows how many programs. There's no way we'd shut this down in time. Our best bet is to try and defuse the motion sensor and get this off site in a blast containment vessel before it vaporizes the block. Can you do that? I've found the lead for the motion sensor. I'm cutting it. It's no good. It's still operational. It must be looped. What the hell do we do now? Your guess is as good as mine. My kid's favourite colour is red. The Wicklow National Bank Building, or what's left of it. Do we know who's responsible? His name is Daniel Ryan. This morning we intercepted a message he sent to The Covenant taking credit for the bombing. Ryan's former Royal Navy. Explosive ordnance disposal. After his dishonorable discharge, he went from disposing bombs to designing them. He's worked with The Covenant in the past and wants to sell them his latest product. So he displays their effectiveness by destroying a downtown office building? Actually, Ryan alerted local authorities, gave them time to evacuate the building. A humanitarian bomber. His goal was to provide a state-of-the-art bomb squad ample opportunity to deactivate his creation. He wanted the bomb squad called in? Well, maybe 'cause he knew there was nothing they could do, right? The bomb you recovered last week. I've got that in my workshop. According to the bomb squad's voice recording, Ryan made one significant upgrade. Anybody ever hear of quantum entanglement? Raise your... No. Long story short, the theory is this bomb can't be defused. Oh, and compared to his previous version, it's got twice the yield. Ryan indicated that negotiations with The Covenant will be exclusive for 48 hours. If there is no agreement, he will detonate a second bomb, targeted against America, to elicit bids from terrorist groups hostile to our interests. But if The Covenant is interested in making an offer, he instructed them to contact him tomorrow night at a pub called the Black Stag in Belfast. Our options. Extract Ryan and force his cooperation, or get him to do so voluntarily by posing as The Covenant. How can we do that? Isn't that risky? There are variables. But if our goals are to prevent a second bombing and to learn who Ryan's partners might be, the best way to do that is by gaining his trust. What about Leonid Lisenker, The Covenant defector? He's in custody. He might be able to detail Ryan's relationship with The Covenant. For now, we spec out both approaches. Sydney, you question Lisenker. Vaughn, you and Weiss detail the mission if we go in as CIA. We'll meet in two hours. I believe in America. America has given me new life. Away from The Covenant. I was hoping you could tell me something about this man. Daniel Ryan was critical to the I.R.A. when they were in the bombing business. He's become an independent contractor since Sinn Fein went straight year before last. Your cigarettes are for crap. But I love cable television in this country. I am enjoying very much this picture... "Miami Vice." Ryan is selling a new weapon to The Covenant. We're considering acquiring it by posing as The Covenant. For this to work, we need you to tell us everything you know about Ryan's interactions with them. Protocols, contacts. I was never directly involved in procurement, but I did two deals with Ryan. I can tell you what he will be expecting, and that his contact is Vladimir Androjnev. How is Agent Vaughn? When you took me from North Korea, I saw a strong connection, yes? We know the first contact is made in Belfast. What happens after that? Where's Lauren? I haven't seen her all day. She's in Washington. Monthly debrief at DCI. Plus a couple days with her family. And how is the senator? I like the senator. And how's your marriage doing? How was Lisenker? Helpful. We should go tell Dixon. - What, I can't ask my buddy... - Marriage is fantastic. Yeah, I can tell. How you doing there? Who are you? I'm a U.S. federal agent. In cooperation with local authorities, I'm placing you under arrest for transporting explosives with an intent to kill. You've put on weight. So have you. Your friends from The Covenant aren't here yet. Come on. Car's out back. Alright, come on, move it. There's been a mistake. I've done nothing wrong. Tell that to the families of your victims. Officers down! I need help now! We need to hurry. I'm Emma Warfield. Androjnev sent me. This is not what we agreed. Not before your stupidity led the CIA to the meeting. I don't know you. Every cop in the city is going to be here in five minutes. You may not know me, but I did you a favour. We're good. Boy Scout to Base Camp. We've got the package. That was good, right? That's called method acting. I was shot in the neck once. I can do it again. We've got to move. According to Lisenker, Ryan does business with The Covenant at the Commodore Hotel in Moscow, room 305. I think it would be easier to sic your father on him. We have 27 hours before Ryan sets off another bomb. Our best chance to prevent that is to let him know his first demonstration convinced us to buy every weapon he can produce. Us being The Covenant based on intel received from someone we may not be able to trust. Lisenker defected. He hates The Covenant as much as anyone, and he's all we've got. - How's the inspection going? - Good. Whoa. Lisenker rejected the fruit basket. Said it would cost a fortune in Moscow. Oh, and we need a ceiling. That's actually Russian satellite television. I hacked it off the Dubnovysat communications. Right there. Now lower it. Everything is to spec. The bedsheets are 700-thread count. The minibar is stocked with diet cola, and the hotel insignia has been stitched into the bathrobes. What if he wants to take a walk? If he does, he can go as far as the elevator. Once he presses "lobby," we're made. Okay, we're ready. You can wean him off the methohexital. And now the soundtrack of our lives. Here we go. Good evening, Mr. Ryan. Welcome back to the Commodore. How may I help you? You can start by telling me how I got here. I just came on duty, sir, but you do have one message from your attorney. My attorney? This is how Androjnev is known. I'm sure of it. Yes, he called at 6.15 to apologise for being unable to meet with you. The colleague he sent in his place is fully capable of executing the necessary documents. That is all. Thank you. Syd, you're up. You're awake. That's good. We can do business. I do business with Androjnev. Your product demonstration in Belfast was impressive. We'd like to purchase your new weapon. While I appreciate your hairstyle, as I said, I do business with Androjnev. Do you know what the CIA would have done with you in custody? They would have executed you as an enemy of the state. Unless you have a death wish, you will do as I instruct. These windows have been made bulletproof with Kevlar for your protection. Three officers, including a CIA agent, were killed trying to arrest you. You're all over the news. Cue the newscast. Patching it into the feed. Roll camera. Authorities... Police confirm they do have several leads and are working to bring the investigation to a swift conclusion. Few details have been given to news organisations, but a photograph was released of this man, who was not only involved in the raid, but who police say was responsible for the Wicklow National Bank blast last Wednesday. The CIA is working with Interpol as well as local law enforcement in pursuit of this man and those responsible. You will agree to our terms and call off the second demonstration. It's unnecessary, and will only serve to draw unwanted attention. Before Androjnev, my contact was Pannich. I deal with him. Okay? - It is a trap. - You know the guy? The guy's a woman. I must speak with Sydney. Hello, Sydney, it's Leonid. Listen to me. Ivana Pannich is dead. Was killed. She was killed in Slovenia last year. You know this. That's why your handlers were switched. Any other tests? Yeah. I don't feel safe here. I want to leave. You leave this hotel room, you're a dead man. You're scared I'll go to The Covenant. In addition to being a target of the CIA, Mr. Ryan, you are also a security risk to The Covenant. You have information that could compromise our operation. Was that a threat? I've been threatened before. It was like a threat. You leave this room, I will kill you myself. There's loads of things I'm no good at. Some I'm exceptional at. One of them is poker. Ah, I love poker. Play twice a week. My friends come around. They bring their money. They lose their money. I always win. Do you know why? I can see a bluff a mile away. Take off the headset. Do it! Not when I've got something that you want. Mr. Ryan. You played your hand, darling. Hello, Daniel! Androjnev told me you were in town, so I took the liberty of coming over. Sorry. Were you going somewhere? I was, yeah, but I can wait. Do you want to come... Hello, Emma. It's good to see you. Leonid, what an unexpected surprise. You vouch for this one? Daniel, I know about Belfast. Your extraction was cleared to the highest levels. Emma saved your life. You should kiss her. Whatever she wants. Okay. The terms are acceptable. On one condition. The details for transfer and materials, blueprints have to be handled by the co-chair of the North American cell. I deal directly with Mr. Sark. Okay? You're in no position to make such a demand. As long as I've got what you want, I am. Mr. Sark is in town on business. For an important supplier such as yourself, I'm... I'm sure he would be happy to oblige. Happy to oblige? - Let me explain. - Explain what? We're not really Covenant. We can't produce Sark. Sark has never met Ryan. Are you sure of this? Yes. That wasn't a yes. That was a no. What I know is the only chance you have of getting what you want is to send someone in there posing as Mr. Sark. Mr. Ryan, I'm Julian Sark. They said you was a pretty boy. When and where can I acquire your product? The information you need is on a disk my associate will carry aboard Nuage Air Flight 212. Tomorrow evening's flight from Rome to Paris. You'll purchase two adjacent seats on that flight. And 20 minutes outside Rome, my associate will sit next to you, and the transfer will be made. It's elaborate, but at 35,000 feet, no chance of surveillance. This associate. How will I know him? You'll know him. You've worked with him before. He's a friend. Meaning for this to work, we need the real Sark to be on that plane. Any ideas how we can do that? The second demonstration is scheduled to take place tomorrow afternoon. I assume it will be called off. When my associate sees you, they'll know we've come to terms, and bring that issue to a close. - We're agreed then? - We are indeed, Mr. Sark. We know the frequency Ryan broadcast his initial communiqué over, right? Yes, we intercepted it. Then to get Sark on the plane, we have to put out a communiqué from Ryan to The Covenant which details the terms he just laid out. If we can make Sark believe this is a way to acquire Ryan's new technology, he may bite. How much time before he sets off the next bomb? Less than 18 hours. Get Marshall on the intercept. You work on the communiqué. I want you on that plane. You played Sark. Your job now is to shadow him. The airline database shows all passengers have checked in except a Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Broussant. Welcome aboard, Mr. Broussant. Would you care for a glass of wine before takeoff? That would be lovely. I've got a 20 on our mark. I have your wife listed on the passenger manifest. She was planning on making the trip, but she wasn't feeling too well, the poor dear. Cheers. Maybe this will work out after all. Sydney, it's me. Has Ryan's contact arrived? No, and something tells me he's not going to. The approach was to be made 20 minutes after takeoff. They've been in the air almost an hour. Tell Mr. Sark to be patient. Call your partner. Tell him the deal's off. Afraid that won't be possible. - There is no meeting. - Ryan made us? I don't think there was ever a meeting. - This was staged? - Yes. The whole thing. To get Sark on that plane. We're reviewing his psych profile, re-interviewing everyone who might give us a lead. Whatever Ryan's motive, he has presented us with an opportunity we must act on. You are to take Sark into custody. We will have a team in place when you land in Paris. I understand. Hello. Hi. I'm a federal agent. There is a suspect I need to take into custody. It has to be done very quietly. Is there a marshal onboard? No, I'm afraid not. Is he on the line? Good. Tell me about Daniel Ryan. I read about what happened in Belfast. That was a terrible tragedy. What do you know about him? Ryan is a freelance supplier of advanced ordnance. He used to be reliably leftist. He supplied causes. I.R.A.s, Zapatistas. Now he's strictly mercenary. - What changed? - His brother Christopher Ryan. He's the political one. They used to work together up until sometime last year. Christopher disappeared. The rumour is The Covenant had him killed. The Covenant killed his brother, and he wants to work with them? Is there anything else? No. I'm afraid that's all I have. Thank you. Okay, Ryan's brother. Bad dude. Bombing at the French embassy in Rabat. Explosion at the Marine barracks outside Manila. And the remains of a Russian general's compound in Grozny. These incidents are all at least two years old. Anything more recent? No, nothing. It's like he disappeared. Sloane was telling the truth. The Covenant did have this man killed. Dad, they had me kill him. What? During the two years I was missing. When The Covenant tried breaking me down to get me to work for them. When they believed I was ready, they put me to a test. Kendall later showed me a picture of the person he believed they had me kill. He had no identity. Until now. If what Ryan said is true, and Sark has been promoted to the leadership of the North American cell, killing him on a commercial plane carrying 200 innocent people... would be a very public act of revenge. Oh, my God. Vaughn. Cheers. Mr. Vaughn. Tell me, you wouldn't happen to know an eight-letter word for "arrogant," would you? Do exactly as I tell you, or I'll kill you. Right here. Get in. Doesn't it bother you? What's that? A bomb maker arranges for a meeting on a plane, and then doesn't show up. I don't know about you, but that concerns me. Lock this up. - Yeah? - We may have a problem. An explosive device? There may be one onboard. You have to land immediately. Syd, what you got? The bomb is the size of a CD. It could be anywhere. Let's try and figure out how it got onboard. Crew, passenger, maintenance. Check the plane service records for the last week, maybe two, to see if there was anything unscheduled. Two days ago. A work order for repairs in the electrical current bypass in the cargo hold. Vaughn, talk to me. What are you looking at? You better get Marshall on the phone. - The son of a bitch lied to us. - Yes, and we lied to him. The difference is we were trying to save lives. Our goals are far less asymmetrical than we assumed. Clearly Mr. Ryan shares our antipathy for The Covenant. Except he believes we are The Covenant. A fact we must disabuse him of immediately. We must reveal ourselves for who we are and take this man into our confidence. Alright, we have confirmation from Marseilles that airspace has been cleared for an emergency landing. The second demonstration he warned us about. This is it. Ryan must have game-planned for an emergency landing. If we can convince Ryan that Sark is in custody and will be prosecuted, maybe he will deactivate the bomb. Let's do it. That was DGSE. Four Mirage fighter jets were scrambled by the French Air Force. To eyeball only. No shooting. Do they understand? They are confirmed as a fly-by...for now. This is your captain speaking. We are beginning our emergency descent into Marseilles. Okay, the bomb you recovered in Lisbon may be slightly different. But it should be similar enough for me to walk you through this. What's that? What? What? What's what? I don't know. It looks like a thermometer with a metal ring at the top. Is the liquid rising? - Yeah. How do you know? - It's a barometric sensor. The bomb is triggered by altitude. If they plane keeps descending, it will detonate. Excuse me. You need to... Oh, mon Dieu! What do you want now? Pull up! The bomb is rigged to the altimeter. If we go below 18,000 feet, we're all dead. Marseilles Approach, this is Nuage 212. Emergency climb to one-niner-zero. How long can we stay up? We have enough fuel for 2 hours, maybe 2 1/2. But that's it. My name is Sydney Bristow. I'm a special agent with the CIA. So today you're CIA? So... - Belfast. What was that? - Belfast was a con. We wanted you to believe we were Covenant so we could acquire your new technology. - So this isn't Moscow. - You're in Los Angeles. And we know you plan on detonating a bomb on Nuage Air 212 as payback for what The Covenant did to your brother. How you doing? And you? I defected two months ago. These are good people, Daniel. You should listen to them. If you want me to believe you're Central Intelligence... you've got to do better than this. A warehouse somewhere. Right. Much more convincing. Mr. Ryan. I'm Marcus Dixon, the Director of this office. We now know the bomb you planted on Nuage Air 212 is rigged to an altimeter and will detonate if the pilot attempts to land. I am authorised to make the following deal. Disable the bomb and turn over to us all blueprints and material concerning the creation and production of such bombs. In exchange, no charges will be filed against you. If you really are CIA... ...then the person I met with wasn't Julian Sark. No, he was CIA. He's on that plane. But I told him my associate had worked with him before and could make a visual identification. You put the word out to the real Sark. You let him know there was a meeting. Clever. Full-on genius. Maybe you really are CIA. Sark is already in custody. As soon as the plane lands, he will be processed for extradition and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The terms of our deal expire in 10 seconds. After that, what Agent Bristow said is true. You will be tried as an enemy of the state and executed. You cannot let those innocent people die. My brother was innocent. Okay, well, how about this? We have to keep the bomb at altitude, right? Why don't we land at a high-altitude airport? The highest-altitude airport is in Bangda, Tibet, and that's only 14,000 feet. Wait a minute. Wait. Wait a minute. We can't get rid of the bomb. We can't defuse the bomb, but we can trick it. Air pressure is the force exerted on a surface by the weight of the air above. We need to encase the bomb in an airtight, temperature-controlled bubble. To fool the bomb into thinking we're still at altitude. But to do that, you need to remove it from the fuselage and deactivate the motion sensor. Which the bomb squad in Belfast was doing when they died. Well, yeah. Okay. Alright, I see four wires Ieading out from the motion sensor. Red, green, yellow, and black. Can you see which one is looped to the power source? Yeah, the red one. Red one. Okay. Go ahead and cut that. - No, no! Wait! - I hate it when you do that! - Is there a suppressor? - Yeah. Don't cut it. It's a false lead. - Marshall! - My bad. Sorry. Find the anti-static wire that runs through the plasma relay. It's probably wrapped in degaussed ceramic fibre. You have to explain this to me in words I can understand. It could look like anything. There are a million variations. Tell me what you're looking at. I don't know what I'm looking at! Well, then you better find somebody that does. Thirsty? You're angry. With good reason. The Covenant took away your brother's life. "Took his life." What an interesting choice of words. I mean, personally, I'd have gone for something a little bit more colourful. Like "murdered." Well, even that's not... What about "slaughtered"? Yeah, what about "slaughtered"? Try that. The Covenant held me captive for almost two years. They did things to me... ...I will never get over. They starved me. Subjected me to electroshock. Sensory deprivation. They used hypnotherapy. All to convince me I was someone else. An operative they created named Julia Thorne. I am telling you this. It may not change anything, but you need to know that I understand what it is like having The Covenant take away people you love. They are evil, evil people. The thing is, I was luckier than you. The man I love. The Covenant didn't murder him. He's on that plane. Like I said, my telling you this may not change anything, but... I swear to you if you disable that bomb, I will not rest until The Covenant pays for what they've done to us. Please. I beg you. Don't do this. I've got Sark. Talk him through it. Wait a minute. Sark as in Mr. Sark? I understand we're looking for a degaussed ceramic fibre. That's right. It's clear Mr. Ryan has applied the best invariation. Cool. Can you splice it? I could, but the dummy wire's fixed to a suppressor. I'll have to ground it first. You're clear. Alright, we have to find something airtight to put it in. This should do it. He needs a phone. To call who? The bomb. Specifically, a pager. The bombs are wired with a remote access protocol. I need to dial in and enter a deactivation sequence. This is Director Dixon. Get me a secure line. Keep it steady. Yeah? Listen, Vaughn, we may have a way out of this. 594... How will they know when the bomb has been deactivated? The red light on the detonator will turn green. 477... Vaughn, watch the light on the detonator. It should change colour. Got it. 459... And now punch in 1124. My brother's birthday. Vaughn, what's going on? Nothing. It's still red. Syd, he screwed us. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh! Damn it! Okay, first of all, I didn't touch anything, I swear. The bomb's been activated. - We know. We spoke to Vaughn. - Not on the plane. In my office. The bomb in my office has been activated. It's counting down. Ivana Pannich, my former handler, confessed to me on the day before she was killed that my brother had been murdered by The Covenant, and that it was a test of loyalty for a woman named Julia Thorne. You killed my brother. Establish a backup connection with Langley. I want all non-essentials removed now. We have three minutes to reach safe distance. I want this to be smooth and orderly. If the bombs were activated by a phone call, the detonator must be on a cellular network. If I can find the right signal, I might be able to reverse-engineer the deactivation protocol. - How much time? - 3 1/2 minutes. I'll oversee transport of the prisoner. Dixon needs your help evacuating the Rotunda. Now! Don't tell me. We've come to the point where you coerce me into cooperating. Not exactly. In seven seconds, you will begin to see spots. You'll think it's a white light. But I'm here to tell you the last words I want you to hear ever! There is no white light. Not for people like you. God, what have you done? Get the defibrillator. Hurry. I put it outside the door. He thinks he was prepared to die. We'll see about that. Charge it to 200. You've got to start at 150. No time for that. 200 now. 1, 2, 3. 1, 2, 3! You give us the code that disarms both bombs, or we do that all over again. Both bombs. - Vaughn, we have the code! - Only 10 seconds left! - Did it work? - Yeah, it worked. That's impressive. French DGSE have Sark in custody. They're coordinating with our State Department on extradition. Is Vaughn overseeing?