This is how I knew you were alive. No! I loved you like a daughter. And even you would admit there were times, I would see it, you looked at me like I was your... Where have I been the last two years? I know it was you! What the hell did you do to me? So, before you tell me you can handle my coming back to the CIA, there are two things you need to know. First is that I was so in love with you, it nearly killed me. And second... ...that I don't regret moving on with my life. This is Lauren Reed. She's going to be our liaison to the National Security Council. If there's anything I can do to help. You should know I'm also Michael Vaughn's wife. That's good. But the truth is... You're insane. The truth is -- - Oh, the truth. - The ever-evasive truth. Is that there are advantages to losing all your stuff in a fire. How's that? To dying and coming back to life. No. I'm good. I'm good. Okay, alright, a little one. Think about it. All the paper. Clippings from high school and yearbooks and sweaters I was never gonna wear again. And pictures and picture frames. Yeah, but there's got to be something you had that you loved that it kills you that you don't have it anymore. I mean, like a thing. Like a thing. I know what you mean. I used to have a first-edition "Alice in Wonderland." My mother gave it to me for my fifth birthday. Despite my roller-coaster relationship with her, wherever she is, that was one of the things that I sort of loved. This is it. The bar is closing. Last drink. The elephant in the room. Which one? Come on. Tomorrow. You and Vaughn working together. With Lauren. With Vaughn's wife, yes. And let me just say for the record, I'm gonna be your friend, and if you need someone to talk to, or you need a shoulder to cry on, I just want to be there for you. Oh, tomorrow's gonna be fine. Damn it. Hi. Hi. You've met Lauren? - Yes. - Hi. Hello again. Sorry about yesterday. I should have said something. You had no idea. I was the one who stormed in. - Anyway... - It's alright. Hi. Listen, I made you a mix CD of all the most popular songs over the past two years. Not so you can listen to all the impossible bad boy bands they keep churning out, except for J.T. Timberlake. That guy can move. More importantly, because scientifically it's proven that sounds trigger the CA-3 region of the hippocampus in the long-term memory. Thank you. Awkward. Earlier today, 4.47 P.M. Moscow time, Russia's early-warning system was activated. They assumed it was an incoming missile attack. It wasn't a missile. It was a satellite that had fallen from orbit. As a result of the perceived attack, the Russian President activated his nuclear briefcase, initiating a countdown to a pre-launch sequence. With two minutes to spare, they attained visual I.D. and scrubbed the launch. 10 minutes later, Echelon picked up a call from a secure line between Mr. Sark and this man. Colonel Boris Oransky. Dishonorably discharged in '96 from Russia's Military Space Command. Since then, he's worked for a privately held French contractor. It was their satellite. Oransky brought down his own satellite? - Do we have any idea why? - Not yet. But on the phone call, he and Sark discussed meeting to move on to phase two. We've tracked Sark to Mexico City. We've ordered a team of local agents to surveil him. If we're gonna grab Sark, I'd like to be on that team. It isn't our intention to apprehend Sark. The NSC believes we may learn more about The Covenant by tracking Sark's movement, in the hope he will lead us to The Covenant's key players. That's fine in theory, except that I guarantee five minutes after that meeting, we will have lost Sark. It's happened before. In the last two years, our surveillance capabilities have become far more sophisticated. I might have missed a lot in the last two years, but the fact that Sark is aligned with an organisation outwardly hostile to the United States and apparently Russia -- As I was going to explain to you, our optical satellite resolution has increased dramatically. We have real-time face recognition. All the technology in the world can't fix our problem. It's the people we need to stop. Sark, for example. Now, I'm familiar with the strategy. The CIA employed it against SD-6. The risks you're describing have been factored into our analysis, and as for SD-6, The Alliance doesn't exist anymore. The reason SD-6 and The Alliance broke down is because Arvin Sloane, a man who the White House pardoned, wanted them to. So do me a favour and don't revise history I lived through! Alright, enough! Sark was an inch away from initiating a nuclear exchange. According to that call, that was only phase one. Capturing Sark, although it might put a smile on my face, will do nothing to shut down The Covenant. For the moment, Sark remains free. Sydney, Weiss, I want you to track Sark to that meeting. Standard surveillance operation. Let's see if we can get some info on their phase two. You leave in an hour. I hate her. She's been through a lot. I've been on eggshells for two weeks since Sydney came back. Trying not to say the wrong thing. I am done. Sydney Bristow is self-righteous and arrogant. She lost two years of her life. She's the most condescending person I have ever met. I understand why you have a problem. No, she's the one with the problem. I am not going to apologise because I remember the last 24 months, or because I'm married to the man I love. You're reacting emotionally. No, I'm reacting intelligently, as I expected Sydney to. You'd think she'd listen to someone instead of just talking all over them. - She's horrible. - Okay, stop. This was Sydney's first briefing. Give her a minute. The way things are, no one would blame you if the two of you hate each other. But I actually believe that you will end up respecting her. You might even like her. Just remember that I love you. How was the first briefing with Lauren? Wonderful. I'm not asking because I'm a fan of gossip. - Tell me how it went. - Why? Did she seem aggressive toward you? Yes, as I'm sure I did to her. What is this about? In here. Now that Lazarey's murder has been linked to The Covenant, the NSC has convened their own investigation. You think they know? That you were the murderer? Not yet. But they've just received some footage apparently of the crime. - How? - Another camera. Security from across the street. As our bad luck would have it, NSC's assigned this investigation to Vaughn's wife. I know what you're thinking, but the longer we withhold this information, the more guilty I seem. The CIA and the NSC are going to learn that I killed Lazarey. And when they do, the NSC will not hesitate to subject you to every procedure in order to recapture your memory. Then let them. I am losing my mind not knowing what happened to me. Someone out there. Someone has the answer. The techniques employed to stimulate your memory are invasive, surgical, dangerous procedures that could leave you with permanent brain damage. That is not happening to you, not as long as I'm alive. We've discussed this. You have to stay focused. You have to do your job. Reintegrating into the CIA is the only way you're going to get the answers you're looking for. I've talked with Lauren. I told her I might be able to help. She's agreed to let me see the footage. You'll go to Mexico City. I'll do what I can to ensure this remains our secret. Marshall, any luck? Yeah. Actually, considering it's from a Russian security camera, I was expecting static. Instead, it's pretty good. Can you loop that? Yeah. Freeze there. Blow up that frame, please. Sure. Not enough to make a positive I.D.? Well, not like this. I'm not surprised the Russians haven't made a match. Their programs generate pixel interpolation based on Bayesian analysis. Really? Russians. You can do better? Me? Please. There's a lot of things I can't do in life, you know. Smoking a cigarette. Playing basketball. Oh, chin-ups. You know, there's always kids laughing. But I was born for this. How long will it take you? These eigenvalues are a mess. Give me 72 hours. I think I can I.D. this woman. Good. Thank you. I'm gonna kill Marshall. This is the worst disguise yet. Oh, viva la revolution. I'm serious. Look at that. Okay, this chip's got a gig of memory in it. Or, as they say here, la memoria. That's enough memory to transmit full-resolution photos. What's this? What? Okay, that's bad. That's double-chin angle. Not good. Audio's working. Syd, we're here for surveillance only. Nothing tricky. Here we go. Sark's here. Oransky just got here. Retriever to base. Now I'm uploading the photos. I need to move closer to get a look at those pictures. Don't get too close. Careful, Mountaineer. It looks like they have backup. Well, it appears they've revealed themselves. As I told you they would. The codes are changed twice a week. These go into effect the day after tomorrow. This is our target, correct? Correct. By the way, I like the name. Medusa. It's clever. Images are good, sir. Okay, we've got it, Mountaineer. Now get out of there. That woman is watching us. I think I've been made. Stay put. I'm coming in. Negative. They've got the exits blocked. You'll be spotted on the way in. If she's CIA, we should be going. She might have seen the photos. Then I suggest you make sure she didn't. There's a freight entrance at the back, northeast corner. You should have a straight shot out. Come here. Go away! Go away! Hey, gringo in the poncho! Señorita in the poncho! You know who you are! Reveal yourself, or the girl dies! You've got 5 seconds. 4... 3... 2... Let her go. I'll let you walk out of here. I'll be giving the orders, thank you very much. Drop the gun. I said, "Drop the gun." Marshall, pull up her photos. - Mama! - Shut up! Don't hurt her. His earpiece is different. Marshall, we need his R.F. signal now. Sydney, the mission in Thailand. Chae Son. Get ready. I'll tell you when. Marshall, what frequency are those guys transmitting on? Retriever, patch us through to the R.F. scanner. Kick it over. Okay, now, your surveillance equipment. Give it to me. Not until you let her go. No, no, no! Got it. 418.5 megahertz. - Can you boost a feedback loop? - How loud? - 180 DBs. - Oh, yeah. Do it. Please stop trying to negotiate. Okay. The camera's in my glasses. Give them to me. Toss them to me. Now. Good. We're gonna walk out of here. You, me. Almost there. And the girl. Now. Mama! Oransky got away. So we know Sark was looking at a satellite photo with a 3-mile radius centred around the Kremlin. We don't know why. We know it has something to do with Medusa, whatever that means. When I was at SD-6, I think I heard Sloane mention something about a Project Medusa. You're kidding me. Do you know what it is? What Medusa even means? No, all I know is the myth. You know, a woman so ugly that if you looked at her, you'd turn to stone. Sounds like the myth of my college girlfriend. She actually dumped me for a roadie at a Duran Duran concert. How embarrassing is that? Oregano, please. Syd, come on, don't do that. You weren't dumped. You were dead. I haven't even asked anyone how they met. Are you asking me? The NSC was wrapping up the case on your mom. We were all deposed. Lauren was the one asking the questions. They hit it off. Tell me about their wedding. It was fine. Her parents' farm in Virginia. You know she's Senator Reed's daughter. No, I didn't. Yeah. Yeah, they have 500 acres. It's pretty crazy. Was everyone there? Dixon, Marshall? She's a good person. I'm not trying to rub it in, but I don't want to be dishonest. I should have thought of it before. Isn't it obvious? A prior image model with 3-D surface reconstruction. Have you made a positive identification? Well, no, not yet, but this is where we started. Okay, after an application of my surface-reconstruction genius, this is where we are now. How's it going? Marshall's ahead of schedule. When do you think you'll be finished? I'd say maybe noon tomorrow. Good. Thank you. I'd like to feed the image into our face-recognition database as soon as it's complete. Sydney was right. The Medusa project was flagged in the SD-6 database. It's an anti-satellite pulse weapon. Once operational, it can cripple our network of satellites. D.O.D., NSA, you name it. We'd be blind to a potential attack. That's what's so genius about this weapon. It beams a microwave at one satellite in the chain, which then relays a pulse across the network. You're talking about hundreds of satellites. Most with classified orbital rotations. How does this tie in with The Covenant? The man Sark met with. Oransky. He supervised the development of Medusa for the Russian military. He was discharged before it was completed. He never knew where it ended up until now. This is the photo Oransky and Sark were looking at. According to the time stamp, it was taken by a satellite exactly four minutes after Oransky sent that other satellite of his crashing into Gorky Park. He sends one bird down so the other can photograph Russia's nuclear reaction protocol in action. What happened was they thought they were under attack, so, among other things, they evacuated several high-level government officials to several continuity-of-government bunkers designed to survive a nuclear attack. This is what Medusa photographed. See these motorcades entering the Science Ministry? There must be a bunker underneath. According to the SD-6 database, Medusa is stored in that bunker. And now Oransky and Sark are planning to steal it. Why don't we call the Kremlin and let them know? The Russians claim to oppose anti-satellite weapons. They're not about to admit having one. Bottom line, we have to access the bunker and steal Medusa before Sark gets it. I'll have Strategic Services list our options. Meet back here in one hour. No problem. I can corrupt that image. However, the terms of my parole prohibit me from using a computer. You should know that, Jack. I believe you wrote them. How's it rendered? 3-D surface reconstruction. Is the work station part of a network? Yes. Okay, well, give me a few days. I'll see what I can cook up. I need it by noon tomorrow. I have an I.Q. of 170, Jack. I'm not David Copperfield. I'll do what I can. We have to do better than this. An hour of running scenarios, and the best we can come up with is Sloane! Sloane developed a relationship with the Science Ministry. If we can get into the Ministry, we can access the bunker and destroy Medusa before Sark and Oransky steal it. I don't want to be the voice of dissent every time I walk into this room. I know we're qualified to make decisions. But to me, Sloane is still a criminal. As we've discussed, Sloane is a necessary evil. We need access to the bunker. Sloane can get it. If we can use him -- Maybe you haven't been lucky enough to have firsthand experience with that psychopath. - She brokered his deal. - What? I was part of the team that arranged for Sloane's pardon. None of us are under any illusions about Sloane. He was given a pardon because he provided us with intel that led to the destruction of terrorist cells. Of course he did. He used you to wipe out his competition. Let me guess. His intelligence has been accurate. Yes, and the first slip he makes, his pardon will be revoked. When's your next scheduled briefing? You have regular meetings with him? - 12 days. - Alright, move it up. See if Sloane can get us access to the Ministry. I want both of you to go in as well. If Sloane can help us infiltrate the bunker, I don't want to waste a minute. Is that clear? Do you mind? Of course not. This is a difficult situation for all of us. I'm not sure how exactly, but I thought we should at least acknowledge that. No one would blame us if we hated each other. But I hope that doesn't happen. I don't hate you. Or Vaughn. That's what makes it so difficult. Just got intel from NSA. They tracked Sark onto a plane from Berlin to Frankfurt, only when it landed, he wasn't onboard. Which means if Sloane doesn't help us today, Sark will get to Medusa before we do. I'm sorry. I can't help you. You work with the Science Ministry all the time. How difficult is it to add the names of two employees to the guest list of an awards banquet? Actually, it's not difficult at all. It's what you plan to do once you're inside the Ministry that concerns me. We made it clear that topic is not open to discussion. Pursuant to my pardon agreement, I am under obligation to pass along intel as appropriate. However, I am under no obligation to assist you or anyone else to break the law. Now, as you know, millions of people rely on the relief that this company provides. I couldn't possibly endanger that by exposing Omnifam or myself to criminal charges. Certainly not with my history. You've made your obligations clear. Now let me clarify mine. I am obliged to extract unimaginable pain from you the moment you are no longer a valuable source of intel for the CIA. Personally, I hope you don't help us out. I've missed you, Sydney. I really have. Well, it shouldn't be too difficult. I'll tell the Ministry you're high-level donors Iooking for a new investment. You know where to contact us. We'll expect to hear from you within the hour. Mr. Vaughn, I remember how close you were with Sydney. I'm sure you share my relief in having her back. Just get us on the list. Are we on the list? Under the names Tomas Conterra and Sabina Milan. Omnifam investors. Got it. Here. What? I was just thinking of that party at the embassy in Prague. God, that was a good third date. Yeah, it was. When you spilled the drink on the ambassador. What was I supposed to do? He was staring down your dress. Look how handsome you are. Ready. Be safe. You too. Dixon's expecting a call from me. I'll see you in Los Angeles. It's a polymorphic worm. Upload it onto the network. It singles out the files you're interested in and corrupts the data so the image can't be fully rendered. You could kiss me. How long will that take? I can't say. It depends on the size of the network. Jack, there is one catch. When you make the upload, it has to be at a terminal with administrative privileges. Minister, Tomas Conterra i Sabina Milan. Arvin Sloane is an amazing man? The guards are about to change shifts. We have about a minute left. The guards are gone. Let's do it. I've got the minister's prints. The thumb's the clearest. After you. The NSC's on a real-time hookup, so whatever we see, Lindsey sees. And the face-recognition database? As soon as I get the image rendered, we're ready to roll. Mr. Bristow, what can I do for you? Is Director Dixon in? No, he's over with Marshall. Is there something I can help you with? No, I'll just drop these on his desk. Okay. Okay, let's see how many guards are on the control-room floor. We're almost into their video-surveillance feed. What? What is it? These are the cameras for the control-room level. Sark must already be here. Oh, God. He's with Oransky. Come on. Wait a minute. We have no idea how many men Sark brought. He doesn't know we're coming. The program will be ready to render in a minute. You know, I was curious. Lindsey briefs the President, right? Well, you think maybe, assuming this all goes well, that he could request one of those little White House tie clips for me? Or maybe some peanuts from Air Force One, because I love peanuts, and you figure they'd get top-quality peanuts if you're the President. Oh, wait a minute. Here we go. Until Mr. Oransky gets the Medusa core, no one enters the control room, and this entire level should be locked down. I need you to secure all the access points. Oh, gummy bear? Find everything you need? Yes, thanks. I'm just leaving him a note. I was wondering if you might show up. I looked for you upstairs at the party. I've taken the liberty of discontinuing the elevator service. And unfortunately, Mr. Oransky, Medusa, and myself won't be here when the guards arrive. I'm certain when they discover you, the Russians will be more than hospitable hosts. I think we got it. There's no way we can steal Medusa. We can't let Sark get it, either. We'll have to destroy it. We could still rig the generator to blow. We do that, this whole sublevel's going. We won't have a way out. That could be an intake vent. We could crawl inside and get out. We might not make it. We might make it. I'll activate the transfer switch. We'll have the Medusa core in 30 seconds. What the hell was that? Dead generator. Fouls the control system. They've overloaded the voltage in here. Medusa is fried. We have to go. No way. This bitch shot me in my leg. - What's happening? - I'm not sure. It's not rendering. According to the program, this is as good as it gets. Sir. Anything yet? - Not what we hoped. - On the picture side. It's not the technical side. The picture's not in focus. So no identification of Lazarey's killer? Unfortunately, no. Too bad. Well, keep looking. Officially, the Kremlin denies having been in possession of Medusa. Unofficially, they've confirmed that Medusa was destroyed. Great work. Thank you. Go home. Get some rest. I'll see you tomorrow. - Yeah. - Good night. Good night. I took care of it. Thanks, Dad. Welcome back. It's a third edition. Thank you.