You will forgive us our cautions. Of course. Hunting season? Come. Father Kampinski is waiting. - Mr. Sloane. - Father Kampinski. Thank you for agreeing to meet with me. What can I do for you, Mr. Sloane? Our institute is mandated to develop measures to counter terrorism. We have, of course, heard about the work you've done here, and, you know, wanted to perhaps -- Our bees are not for sale. Well, of course they're not. What we wanted was your... knowledge, not your insects, per se. I understand you've bred the aggression out of them. This is not strictly true. The aggression is there. The need for it, happily, is not. Come, Mr. Sloane. I'll show you. The truth is, these bees have an exceptionally venomous sting. They're very hard to antagonize. They choose productivity over aggression. Aggression is a distraction, which is why we're able to work among the apiaries without the traditional protective garments. Remarkable. There is so very much we can learn from these exquisite beings. Fascinating. They're imbued with a kind of grace -- unlike so many humans. And you've achieved that grace? How? At Monte Inferno, we're dedicated to the -- the marriage of supposed opposites, amongst them man and his science, God and his miracles coming together for the profit of all. Just think about it. The right blend of genetic engineering, dietetic supplements, behavior modification, and -- You could create a new species. Oh, no. No, my son. Merely a better bee. One closer to God's grand design. We even have the ability to control their body temperatures, makes the bees work harder, longer, more in synch -- all for the common good. Extraordinary. Paphiopedilum khan. The rarest of lady slipper orchid species, generally thought to be extinct. Not exactly. A close cousin. No. This is the genuine article. Brought here to Italy from China by Marco Polo in 1269, a gift from Kubla Khan. And what do you want? If I might, I'd like to spend a little time here, examine your historical papers, take a cutting of your orchid. A cutting? Ha ha ha. For $50 million deposited immediately to your accounts in Vanuatu and Samoa. Yes, it's true, I have a little put away for a rainy day. The fact is, I'm uninterested in money. I'm a man of God, not a merchant. In my experience, father, the two are hard mutually exclusive. I'm so sorry you came all this way for nothing. No. I'm the one who's sorry. I'm coming home. Plan "B." Please... help me. Certainly. Anti-venom. Enough to give you a shot at actually surviving. But first -- the Rambaldi orchid formulas which you used on your bees. You go to hell. You first. Now keep both arms up like this. Yes, I know, I know. You tell me every day, thank you. They treat you like an idiot. Keep 'em up, dad. It's for your own good. Dr. Liddell said you have to follow procedure to the letter if you want to make a full recovery. I never thanked you for what you did -- helping to find Liddell. You don't have to. That other charade -- you pretending to be your mother -- whose idea was that? Sloane's. You were living in 1981. You were delusional. It was the only way we could get you to reveal Liddell's whereabouts. You told her, dad. You told mom you were a CIA agent. You broke protocol. That's how she stole agency secrets. I'm putting these down now. You also said you were thinking about resigning from the CIA. You would have, right, dad, if she hadn't left? I didn't like being away all the time... not  being a part of your life. You're part of it now. They're ready for the briefing. Thank you. We're coming. Yesterday a rare orchid was stolen from the Monte Inferno monastery in Umbria. 45 monks were killed to obtain it. Satellite photos confirm it's the same man we encountered in Santiago, the man who claims to be me. Details are in your briefing folders. What's  so special about this orchid? It has chemical properties which heighten the receptivity in the neural pathways... we think -- we assume. Well, we don't know, really. It's just that nobody in the scientific community has laid eyes on it for centuries. We have been asked to recover it. Find the impostor. Get the orchid. I want a plan on my desk by 2200. That's it. Arvin... a word. Of course. You said it was harmless, this could never happen. I didn't know it could. I never imagined the effects of the orchid could be reversed. No. But somebody did. Let's not overreact, Jack. What we saw -- the effect of the Mueller device -- was a demonstration on insects, not on humans. We are staring at the potential for global disaster, in no small part because of what you've put in place. Don't you think I realize the responsibility I bear? We need to find the orchid, Jack, not waste time arguing over what we can't change. 72 hours. If we haven't recovered the orchid in that time, I'm going to Langley with this. It'll mean the end of you, Arvin. You too, jack. I know. 72 hours. The italian police dead-ended on both vehicles. Satellite surveillance was a bust. Echelon's bone-dry. Apparently our Sloane Clone has vanished into the ether. - Then we're back to square one. - Not exactly. If we can't find him, we'll make him find us. The vespertine papers -- Rambaldi text that refer to our stolen orchid. Rumor is they were destroyed during World War II. You want to bring them out of hiding? Leak dummy intel that they were found in father Kampinski's personal belongings. We can get the DSR to loan us some documents. Set it up as an auction. I have a contact at the Paris antiquities house. Smile and look like a lot of money. - Dollars or Euros? - Euros, definitely. Mark Mullins from the Carolina institute. Ah, yes. Thank you. Evergreen, you are on the air. Uplinking to A.P.O. I'd love to be there. It's too risky. The impostor's seen you before. - I know. Just -- - Nadia will do fine. Let's hope so. Sold, for 5 million euros to the man in the gray flannel suit. Our next item -- lot 47 -- is a last-minute addition. The vespertine papers. All interested bidders should take a few moments to examine the documents. Look, but, please, do not touch. Let's see who takes the bait. Identity? Toshiro Takenada. Wealthy Rambaldi collector from Kyoto. Efraim Dousseau Ngumbe. Dilettante, far more money than vision. Remarkable. I've never seen her before. Evergreen, get a look at her name tag. Pamela McNabb, Stanwyck institute. - Yowza. - Easy. What? We can't appreciate beautiful things? No, you're right. Watch tv, can't touch the knobs. It's a dummy corp. McNabb's a phoney. We will start the bidding at 2 million euros. I have 2 million. Do I hear 2.5? 2.5. Do I have 3 million? 4 million? 6 million? 9 million? 10 million? - The girl stopped bidding. - Something went wrong. - Merlin, McNabb's cell phone. - I'm all over it. Scanning to get a GSM source. Her conversation's encrypted. 11.5? McNabb's on the move. - Stop the woman. - Copy that. 12 million? Suppose she's not working for your impostor. - No, it's her. - Then why's she leaving? I would only stop bidding if  I was certain that I could recover the papers through some other means. 13 million? She's a decoy. Outrigger, check the papers. Copy that. Evergreen, forget about her. The papers are gone. Out the back. Marcus. What a surprise. We got him. Good work. Bring him home. We'll make him tell us where the orchid is. Jack. Of course. I should have known. You know me? What kind of question is that? Of course I know you. And me? - What about you? - Do you know me? No. I am Arvin Sloane. I see. This is your idea, Jack -- play with my sense of reality. I don't know what you're talking about. I've never met you. It's not going to work. Okay. Shall we state this for the record? I am Arvin Sloane. Posing as Arvin Sloane, you recently stole a rare orchid from the Monte Inferno monastery. Your masquerade is over. You've been caught. What happens next? You deprive me of food? Try to alter my sense of time? Childish attempts to break me down. You, Jack, of all people, should know that. Who are you? Who am I? 1985. Belize. For 72 hours, we were stuck in a safe house questioning a revolutionary. And after you cut off -- how many fingers was it? -- Eight... He told us what we wanted. Only you and I know that. You left it off the after-action report. How desperate the company must be to play this pitiable mind game. Think you could call this... actor, this -- this clown Arvin Sloane and make me doubt my own identity? Tell me, how do you account for the fact that in the recent past, this man created and ran an international relief agency called OMNIFAM? The world knows his face as Arvin Sloane. He's a CIA stooge with my good looks, and I can prove it. The affair in Santiago -- I noticed that both Marcus Dixon and Sydney Bristow were in on that mission. It beggars reason to believe that these same two agents would ever agree to work for the man who killed their loved ones. What's the most logical scenario? That I'm the impostor... or that you are? This is weird. Unless you have something better to offer, either start cutting off my fingers, or kindly call my lawyer. Marshall would like to see you. - Tell him I say hello. - Try not to kill him. What have we got? Oh, hey, uh, I think you should see for yourself. What am I looking at? Well, these are the impostor's EEG readings, his brain activity. Basically every individual has a unique brain pattern, a signature, and -- take a look at this other one. - They're identical. - Exactly. - Whose EEG is this? - Well, that's the weird part. I pulled these from the CIA's database. This is Arvin Sloane. The real Sloane. Our Sloane. You're telling me these two men share identical brains? For all intents and purposes, well, yes. I mean, this man is Arvin Sloane. - At least his brain is. - How is that possible? Back at SD-6, I worked on a project that focused on brain imprinting -- engram encoding. That program was run out of psy-ops by McCullough. Who's McCullough? Calvin McCullough, senior partner at SD-6. He headed the psychological warfare and operations division. Among the numerous programs he oversaw was something called Project Brainstorm. Its purpose -- to explore experimental technologies to aid in interrogation, brainwashing, the creation of sleeper agents, as well as the transfer of memories from one subject to another. This is what we think happened to this man? He was made to believe he's Sloane? Not just believe, but to act. Among other things, he shares the same desires, which explains his pursuit of Rambaldi artifacts. Well, if you think about it, this guy's been able to stay two steps ahead of us the entire time. He thinks like you, he knows your strategies, your playbooks, your secrets. When we were in Santiago going after Sloane Clone the first time, you knew the access code to his facility -- "Jacquelyn." I had no reference for that. It just came to me. Probably because it's buried deep inside your subconscious, which also means it's buried inside his. But  you said the were only experimental technologies at the time. So someone must have continued McCullough's research after SD-6 was taken down. McCullough was tipped off to the raid. He evaded capture. - Who tipped him? - I did. I owed him a favor, one he clearly didn't return to me. If McCullough is holding the strings, then we may have a lead on the orchid. I have a good idea where he might be. I'll put Dixon and Vaughn on McCullough. In the meantime, we continue the interrogation here. I see you're enjoying your retirement. Don't mind if we join you, do you? It's been a long time, Mr. Dixon. To what do I owe the pleasure of your company? Arvin Sloane sent us. The real Arvin Sloane. Tell us where the orchid is, and we might be able to cut you a deal. I don't know where it is. Listen to me. If you don't want to spend the rest of your life in a federal prison, I suggest you start cooperating with us now. And I am telling you I don't have the answers you're looking for. We know you used Project Brainstorm technology to make that man believe he's Arvin Sloane. And I'm not denying that. You had him acquire the orchid for you. Where is it? Yes. I made him believe he's Sloane. But I did too good a job. He double-crossed me and kept the orchid for himself. Just like Arvin would have done. You're lying. I'm beyond lying. All that really matters now is that my employer would never let me live long enough to be interrogated, and that right now I have 300 milligrams of cyanide coursing through my veins. - The coffee! - Get an ambulance. Who are you working for? Tell Arvin I -- I'm so happy to see you, Sydney. I have only one question to ask you. Where's the orchid? Four years is a long time not to see someone you love. It appears you've done well. Look, if you want to tell me where to find the orchid, I'll be happy to continue this farce. Otherwise... Are you sure that's what you want, Sydney? Think about it. There are so many things you could ask of me. Why not choose one that matters? Such as? The reengineering of the evolution of the species. You found an application for one of Rambaldi's formulas. Mm-hmm. Finally. I'm the first to admit that some of Rambaldi's quests occasionally degenerated into sheer foly, but not this one. Go on. The work we did -- the work you do now -- taking down bad guys, putting out fires -- you're a beat cop. Not making a dent. You've got to go to the source -- human nature itself. Where we are headed. What will become of human beings. You want to change the world? You want to really deal in the vanquishing of evil and the ascendency of good? Well, I'm your guy. You're telling me you're one of the good guys? Come work with me. This work -- would it involve genetics and bioengineering? In part. A vulgarian would use the word "mutate," but it has such negative connotations. Mutate into what? Ostensibly into a more evolved, less aggressive being -- you know, cooperative, calmer. Easier to control, like the bees at the monastery. You turned them into killers. The bees were a test. I wanted to see if what goes down could come up, so to speak. Oh, come on, Sydney. How many wars were there last century? And how many people died in those wars through genocide or political repression? We're disgusting, humans. Do we learn from grace or beauty or what we call God? What were you gonna do about it? Suppose one could administer a formula to the general population that would quietly alter our brain chemistry, exponentially expanding our capacity for qualities like empathy and harmonic coexistence. This formula -- how would you administer it? Nothing could be more simple. Do you have any idea how many additives are in our drinking water? If I could undo what I did, I would. The truth is, through OMNIFAM I introduced a combination of substances into water supplies throughout the world. It was my intent, based on Rambaldi's formulas, to create a more peaceful species. To breed the aggression out of the population just as the monks had done with their bees. We don't have time for your rationalizations. - No -- - Excuse me. I'm assuming that you failed, right? Yes, I failed. Because I didn't have the orchid, I attempted to artificially manufacture its nectar. Because your impostor already has the orchid, he doesn't need to acquire any of the other substances you mentioned. All he has to do is put the nectar into the water you contaminated. You loaded the gun. That's right. How many people are we talking about? How many people drank the contaminated water? Somewhere between 300 and 400 million. What? Assuming the impostor's organization is already harvesting the chemical from inside that orchid, I suggest we not waste time on accusations right now. What are the options? Dixon and Vaughn are uplinking all of McCullough's files. There might be a lead in there. Divide it up. See what you can find. I'd like to talk to you. I saw it on your face. You knew. You knew what he did, and you ignored it. - I want to know why. - Sydney -- He's sick, dad. Can't you see that? He was at the height of his obsession with Rambaldi, but he abandoned his scheme. You still trust him. I trust that when he laid the seeds for this crisis, he thought he was doing something good, that he didn't see this as a trigger for global genocide. So he's simply a delusional megalomaniac with benign intentions? Sydney, what Sloane did cannot be undone. To alert the public would be worse than useless. It would create worldwide panic. We need that flower. Which we could have recovered long ago and turned over to the DSR for safe keeping, but we didn't, because you sat on what you knew, which makes you as guilty as he is. Yes, Marshall? I think I found something. Okay, from what I was able to get from McCullough's files, SD-6 performed detailed brain scans on Sloane. McCullough then recreated Sloane's brain digitally and then uploaded it to this guy. I mean, those files -- they're ingrained deep. Which leaves us very few options. He'll never give us the location of the orchid as long as he still believes that he's me. That's right. We'll have to shock it out of him -- you know, split it off from his dual persona and then get his real personality to tell us where the orchid is. - Are we talking shock therapy? - No, not in the traditional sense. According to the research, reliving a painful memory or a tragic experience will literally shake his moorings, but  has to be something really bad. It can't be, you know, like, "I'm sorry --" Hypnotic regression. Take him back to a point in the past and -- your past -- and make him recall the memory. Arvin Clone? He'll probably resist that. You would have to relive a painful memory. And then record it using McCullough's technology, and then upload it to Sloane II. You know, it's kind of like throwing a switch. One second he's Arvin Clone, and then shazam, he's himself again. What are the risks? To the subject? I'm not sure. It'll either break him down or not. What about to him? The thing is, I'm gonna need a little bit more time to run some tests before I synthesize, so -- No. We do it now. Fine. Where do we begin? Jacquelyn. Who's Jacquelyn? - 30 years ago, I -- - No! Don't. Sorry, sir. It's just -- it's better if you experience it in the moment. Don't verbalize. Okay, now, this should help you feel nice and relaxed. Once you're semi-conscious, the electrodes will administer small pulses to put you into a hypnotic state. I'm going to need some help accessing Jacquelyn. Right. Mr. Bristow will speak to you through your ear bugs. He'll administer certain verbal cues which should bring your mind into the right place. - I see. - Okay. Good luck. We are ready to record his experience. You're on. Arvin, I'm going to count back from 10 to 1. When I get to 1, you'll be in a place where you can tell me about Jacquelyn. 10... 9... 8... What was that? He's fighting it. He doesn't want to go back to Jacquelyn. Keep going. 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1. I thought we could take the boat before it gets too cold. Perhaps have lunch in Bellagio, hmm? What do you think? I like just being here. You can see the wind in the trees. Maybe you should go. No, no. No, we can sit here for as long as you like. For as long as you need. And I promise you we will get past Jacquelyn. I don't want to hear that name. You can't say it, Arvin. It hurts too much. Will you promise me that? You won't speak her name again? Never say... her name. Let me in, Emily, please. I'm alone in this, Arvin. Right now I am alone. No. Jacquelyn. Jacquelyn. Could she have been a mistress? Please. Wait a minute. Look at this. - Is he okay? - I don't know. Arvin, we're not quite there yet. You need to go back. Who is Jacquelyn, Arvin? Go back to when you met her. You're supposed to be doing exactly nothing. And that means not gardening. It's the nesting instinct. I can't help it. Emily... please. Please, no more funny names of italian villages. We can't have a daughter named Carlotta, Tabanabia, or Fabina. Fabina. That name is perfect. How about Jacquelyn? Hmm? Jacquelyn. Yeah. Do you like it? Ha ha ha. Baby Jacquelyn. Jacquelyn. I like that. Baby Jacquelyn. Dad, did you have any idea? Sloane's numbers are wild. His beta brainwaves are cycling at 14 per second, and he's releasing massive amounts of glycine onto the motoneurons. We have to bring him out. Do we have enough? Enough to confront the impostor? No, not yet. Arvin... keep going. What happened to Jacquelyn? How is she? No. No, no... no, please, Arvin. It's a mistake. Please, no. No, no, Arvin, please. Listen to me. This was a risky pregnancy. And she fought. She tried so hard to stay with us. It was too much. Her heart couldn't -- No, no... My baby! Emily... Oh, my baby... I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. No. Guys... that's it. We have enough to break down the impostor. Come with me, Marshall. Bring Sloane out. Jack, please, are you really wasting our time with this? After all, it was you who taught me how to endure torture. It was your training that enabled me to get through McKenas Cole and the needles of fire. Listen to me, you pathetic freak. Even if what you're saying was true, you can be sure that I kept a few things to myself. Tell us your name. My name -- Ned Bolger. Corporal. U.S. Army. Serial number 112762. Where's the orchid? Who are you? Corporal, where's the flower? At a warehouse. Ugano, Switzerland. 43 Paseo Mantello. Damn you, Jack! I always knew you were a traitor, and you turn me in? Sydney, please. Please don't let him do this. I'm Ned Bolger. I'm from Torch Lake, Michigan. You can't torture POWs. Geneva convention. Who a-- who am -- Who am I? Who are you? Who -- who are you? There's a problem. It's Sloane. He's not coming back. I'm trying to bring himout of it, but he's fighting it. I mean, he's supposed to be waking up. Honey... is everything okay? Yeah. Yeah. Everything is wonderful. Take a look right here. You see that spike right there? That's his serotonin release. You know, like a please center. It mirrors the exact reaction he had at the time of Emily's pregnancy. He's there right now. He's stuck there. He's kind of in that state. Can't we just wake him up? You saw what happened to Bolger, and the shock could kill him. Right. Think of it like in computer terms. You can't just force-quit. We have to reboot his brain. How? Beats me. What if one us tried to guide him back the way that Jack was able to prompt some of my father's memories by talking to him? Well, it could work. But it also could kill him. You know, serotonin overload. I mean, he could die of happiness -- literally. - You have a better idea? - No. Let's get started. Okay, he can hear you now. Hi, dad. Keep going. Dad, it's me. Nadia. Your daughter. You know that nice lady in the little store in town, Angelina? Uh-huh. She told me that she didn't approve of the way I was dressing Jacquelyn. Dad? - Who's that? - She's a very lovely girl. She's my... she's my Nadia. You can't stay here, dad. I'm sorry. I'm happy here. You may be, but your work isn't done. What a beautiful girl you are. How proud you make me. But I can't come with you. The terrible things I've done. That's why you have to. Why don't you stay here with us? Stay here with us. Nadia... Stay with us, darling. We're family. Emily and Jacquelyn are gone, and you have to let them go. I will never let them go again. No. They're already gone. What did you do? I was a good man once. Now I'm a monster. And monsters cannot be allowed in this world. Yes, you were once a good man. I believe it. And you can be again. But you have to undo what you've set in motion. You have not earned the right to rest. I'm tired, Nadia. I am tired, and I am ashamed. Then there's hope. Come back and redeem yourself. It's so beautiful here. But it's not real. Be brave. Come back with me. Show me who you are deep down. I believe in you. Please, do not betray that belief. Do not betray it again. Goodbye. No. Don't go. Dad -- Uhh! Dad. The first time I heard the name Rambaldi, I was working with the army corps of engineers. It meant nothing to me -- his life, his works. It was simply a curiosity. Something I quickly set aside. And then when we lost Jacquelyn... when Emily lost the baby... I felt utterly abandoned. One night I came across some of his writings that I had stored in a drawer. And somehow... it filled the hole in my heart. Oddly, it wasn't until I saw him that I realized how much of myself I had lost. I am going to rectify this, Jack. I will clean up this mess that I have made. I'd like to believe that, Arvin. But you can't. I've heard it before. Yeah. Well, Jack, all I can say is I'm trying. And every day it's a struggle.