And tomorrow morning, God willing, the Alliance will no longer exist. - Let's move in. - Go. Go. Go. - Three agents down at SD-2. - SD-9 has four down. We've gotten reports from all team leaders. We appear to be in control of all Alliance facilities. So congratulations, sir. The Alliance is gone. I just wanted to let you know that Phase One is complete. Good. Move on to Phase Two. I've been asked to confirm that you are in position. Yes. Everything's in place. Maybe when we're done here, we should go back to Fiji. Yeah, we should. It was so great. I'm gonna take a shower. - You're early. - I've been compromised. How? Something I said. How do you want me to handle it? Use her to send a message. Make it public. I heard you were here. I couldn't sleep. I was afraid I'd wake up and find out this was a dream. I went for a run to clear my mind and I ended up here. - Any word on Dixon and Marshall? - They'll be in debrief for a while. Meanwhile, Sloane's been put on Interpol's most wanted list. - About last night... - Is this gonna be about Alice? - I know it's complicated. - We're not together any more. - Since when? - Since this morning. The truth is, we'd been over for a long time. I was thinking... I can actually go to the CIA through the front door. And I can actually give you a ride. Folks, this is Christine Phillips, our new Clandestine Services graduate. Langley's approved her observing our operations over the next few months. - Hi. - FBI Assistant Director Kendall. This is Agent Michael Vaughn. Agents Jack and Sydney Bristow. I've read your operational file. It's a real honour. Thanks. Sir, we got a situation in Berlin. The networks are carrying it live. - I'm putting it through to central display. - This is all that we know so far. A woman apparently has been shoved out of a van, a speeding white van, we're told. This is in a public square... - Oh, my God. - Sir, that's Agent Wallace. - You know her? - She's one of ours. Give me a better look at those explosives. - Looks like C-4. - If the C-4's wired with a remote trigger any radio communication could cause detonation. You're doing fine, Emma. Just do what I told you and you'll be fine. Patch me through to the federal office in Berlin. You speak German, right? We'll have satellite coverage in the next 30 seconds. KH-11 coming on line now. Bump up the resolution. Sir, I've got the federal office on the line now. Tell them to put you through to the ranking agent on site. Tell them the woman is CIA and any random radio communication could detonate the explosives. All around the cobbler's bench The monkey chased the weasel The monkey thought it was all for good Pop goes the weasel A penny for a spool of thread A penny for a needle That's the way the money goes - Pop goes the weasel... - Come on, come on, come on, come on. I speak English. No patience to wait till time goes by We're monitoring the situation. Instruct your agents to cease radio communication. This woman may be wired with a remote detonator. I repeat... Agent Bristow, I have already ordered radio silence. Pop... Excuse me. Are you all right? - Hi. - Are you OK? Sorry, I just wasn't ready for that. Don't be sorry. The CIA lost an exemplary agent today. Those of you who knew Emma Wallace may find it difficult to focus, but I'll ask you to try. For the last two months, she was tasked with a deep-cover assignment. Her objective was to gain the trust of this man. Dr Renzo Markovic, a former R & D scientist who's been developing a new classified technology under the project heading "Helix". He's already received preliminary bids from several terrorist organisations. - Weapons? - We don't know. That's the question that Agent Wallace was trying to answer before she was murdered. Agent Wallace may not be the only casualty in our effort against Markovic. She was sent undercover with a partner, another CIA operative, whom we now presume to be captured or dead. His final satellite transmission indicated he was proceeding to Cayo Concha, off the coast of the Dominican Republic. Markovic leases one of the lower floors in the Sirena del Sol resort, where he conducts his research. If our operative's still alive, he's being held there. Agent Bristow, you're on point. Agent Vaughn, you'll be assisting. Conditions for success are twofold. Acquire what intel you can on Project Helix. - And bring our man home. - Who is he? He's one of our most decorated agents. Here's his file. James Lennox. You leave tonight. - Hi. - Hi. - Ready to go? - Yeah, come on in, I'll get my stuff. Nice place. - I'm gonna get a new couch. - Yeah? I don't know. So this is where you live? - This is where I live. - I love it. I'm ready. OK, we should go right now. - Hey. - Francie. - This is Michael, from the bank. - Hiya, Francie, nice to meet you. - Nice to put a face with the name. - Same here. - We should catch our plane. - Another business trip? Just a finance conference in New York, just overnight. - Have a good trip, you guys. - Thanks. It's nice to meet you. - You too. - Bye. I'll see you later. It's so easy to blow up your problems It's so easy to play up your breakdown It's so easy to fly through a window Arden Jezek. He's Markovic's chief of security at the resort, which means he's got access to Project Helix and probably knows where Lennox is being held. Why aren't we going after Markovic directly? Our surveillance teams say they lost track of him four weeks ago. Jezek's our best shot. It's so tough to get up It's so tough Hi. I've injected you with a cardiotoxin. You'll have a heart attack within the hour unless you do exactly as we say. - Then you get the antidote. Are we clear? - Yeah. - Is Agent Lennox still alive? - Yes. Where is he? Sublevel, room 47. You'll escort us down there and you will help my partner download everything you have on Project Helix. Smile. They are with me. - I'll see you at the exit point. - Yeah. Sydney. If Agent Lennox is still alive, he may have undergone psychological reconditioning. You could be walking into a trap. - Let's start over, from the beginning. - I've already told you everything. My name is Sydney Bristow. I'm a CIA agent. I've come to take you home. I can't see. I can't see. I can't see. They used metachlorazine on you. It's a photoreactive acid. I'm covering your eyes with a bandage. Keep this bandage on or you could be permanently blinded. You're OK. You're sweating because the poison's taking effect. Type and you'll be fine. You're in the system. - You're doing great, we're almost out. - My partner, has she reported in yet? - What happened? - Stay here. Thank you. Shut your eyes. Shut your eyes. OK, one more. Oh, man. Your eyes should normalise in a few minutes. OK. Thank you. You OK? What do you think? No signs of any post-traumatic stress disorder or symptoms of behaviour modification. He was holding his own with the interrogators and he risked losing his sight to get us out. I don't know. We'll know more after the psych eval. - How are you doing? - I could've sworn you were a blonde. I was. My hair's usually brown. Hard to keep track. It's nice to see the face of the person who saved my life. So, um... where is, uh, Emma? Is she, uh... Is she back in LA? Jim... Emma's dead. I'm so sorry. We know that you've been through hell, Agent Lennox, and I apologise that your homecoming had to be celebrated with a psych evaluation, but you've been given a clean bill of health even though I'm sure it doesn't feel like that. Agent Wallace's death has left several questions unanswered. Can you tell us how you infiltrated Dr Markovic's organisation? We were hired on as freelance security experts at his villa in Berlin. Emma... Agent Wallace gained Markovic's trust enough to become his driver. In that capacity, she was privy to a phone conversation between Markovic and someone she believed to be his superior, in which they indicated Project Helix was ready for testing. Are you saying that Markovic answers to someone else? That was Agent Wallace's impression based on the conversation. They didn't use names, it was just a voice on the speakerphone. - And you never heard this voice yourself? - No. How's your eyesight? - It's better. - Can you tell us what led to your capture? When we reported to Langley the project was proceeding, we were ordered to break into the facility in Cayo Concha and hack the central database. I knew there was a good chance we'd be caught. I decided to go in alone so I could transmit the data to Emma in Berlin if I were trapped. They moved in before I could do that. Do you have any idea how she was compromised? No, I don't. OK. I think we have a pretty comprehensive picture here. There's a driver waiting to take you to a safe house nearby. Is there anything you'd like to add? We were engaged. In a case like this, we start by digitising the news footage that covered the bombing. Uh-huh. You, uh, you like Italian food? I have a boyfriend. - Yeah. Me too. - Hey, Weiss. Excuse me. I think the new girl has a thing for me. I was going over Agent Wallace's contact log. Now, she phoned in every two days like clockwork. I mean, the slightest discrepancy in protocol and she contacted us for verification. - Your point being? - The day Lennox says he was captured, we have no records of anything from her. No warning, no extraction request, nothing. Why didn't she make contact? Agent Weiss. Roll it back. That flash of static right before the blast. An RF transmitter would account for the interference, but all radio signals were shut off. Wait, uh, run it back. Slow it down a little bit. - There. - So if the signal interrupted the feed, it had to have come from our triggerman's detonator. Which would place him within a block of this camera. All right, find out where the news van was parked. Check all ATMs, traffic cams. All right? We may just have this guy's face on video. Lennox? Jim? Beware of the grieving man and his bottle. Emma used to say that she had spent so much of her life pretending to be other people that she was afraid she might disappear. I have been sitting here trying to remember all her aliases. You're right. It's hard to keep track. I lost my fiancé last year. And I know we were trained to compartmentalise things that hurt too much, but I still haven't been able to do that. And as hard as it is, I... I would rather feel it than to not feel anything. Hey. Oh... I'm sorry. Agent Bristow? Agent Lennox? - What's going on? - Back up against the wall. - What is this? - Why? - What... - What are you doing? - All right, stay down. - Lennox. Lennox. Stay down. Sydney, go. - Hey, hey. - Sydney, go. - OK. - Stay down. Go, go. Sydney, go. OK, take it easy. Take it easy. What is it? He's gonna be placed in federal custody. What's going on? We've decrypted the specs on Project Helix that you and Vaughn obtained. The data describes a breakthrough in next-generation molecular gene therapy. It refers to a new procedure whereby a patient's face and body are reshaped to identically resemble someone else. Agent Lennox was the first test subject to be doubled. - Doubled how? Like cloning? - Not exactly. So you're saying the man that we rescued isn't Agent Lennox? - It's possible. - So who is he? Based on our intel the procedure's first recipient was the man who created the technology - Dr Markovic. There is no way the man we have in custody is Dr Markovic. I know it sounds insane. But as we were analysing the news footage, Phillips noticed the interference of an RF signal, which helped narrow our search. We got this from a traffic camera. Over the last few years, it's become common practice for wanted terrorists to employ men who look like them. Decoys designed to mislead intelligence agencies. With this new procedure, that would no longer be necessary. Men like Osama Bin Laden could simply be made to look like someone else. Clearly, that is not something we can afford to have advertised on the black market. How is this possible without obvious scarring? The procedure isn't surgical. The patient's genetic code is altered to reshape their physical attributes. - Is it reversible? - It's unclear. It only works on people of a certain genetic disposition, and the recipient must be induced into a comatose state for several days while their cells regenerate. The data indicates the only way to distinguish the real person from the double is by an ocular scan. A flaw in the iris was deliberately built into the procedure to tell them apart. Even if Lennox is who he says he is, there is no real way of guaranteeing that he's not the man in that video. I'm telling you, the man we rescued just had his life destroyed. He's on our side. He is who he says he is. What the hell do you mean, I've been doubled? - The project you were investigating. - Project Helix, what about it? - A prototype surgical gene resequencer. - All right, meaning what? Markovic created a technique that allows people to change their appearance. That's why we gave you the ocular scan - to make sure that you were really you. Do we know who it was? The man who took my identity? Dr Markovic. Now I know why Emma didn't call for an extraction. She had no idea I was captured. We had a hotel room in Berlin. She thought she was with me. Markovic had the Helix prototype taken off Cayo Concha. - We tracked it to a freight yard in Poland. - He's trying to hide it. What's the next move? I've been ordered to find the prototype, download the schematics, then destroy it. I'm coming with you. This is Mountaineer. We're in position in the train yard. Copy, Mountaineer, we've got you on satellite. We're reading five guards. One on the north side of track two. One between tracks one and two. Two on the southern perimeter. One on top of the centre car. Wait, we just lost the last guard. Hold while we reacquire his signal. Do you have the drill? Drill. All right, I'm having trouble seeing the third tumbler. - OK, the borescope's jammed, hang on. - Do you have the audio? All right, here we go. All right, all right, all right. - We got it. - OK. I'm gonna rig the explosives. All right, Boot Camp, I'm into the data log. Copy that. Standing by to receive the schematics. All right, wait a second. According to this, the sequencer's been used twice. What? I'm not the only one who's been doubled. Who else? It doesn't say. Agent Vaughn. A call was routed through the PBX you need to take right away. - Who am I talking to? - My name is James Lennox. The man you rescued is Dr Renzo Markovic. I know that sounds impossible. He's developed some kind of genetic doubling prototype. - We know. - I was captured trying to infiltrate his medical lab on Concha Cayo. They knew the CIA would send in a team after me and they set you up. I just escaped 12 hours ago while they were trying to transport me off the island. - Where are you now? - I'm in Poland. I've tracked the prototype to a freight yard here. I'm gonna destroy it. I got him. He's two miles away and travelling alone. It could be Markovic. A guard may have alerted him and he's now trying to prevent us from sabotaging the prototype. There's no way to be certain. I'd like to believe you, but we conducted a test confirming Lennox's identity. The ocular scan? The ocular scan doesn't work. That was disinformation he wanted you to download, so you would trust him. The ocular scan is a joke. Listen carefully: do not approach the train yard. I'm losing you. Hello? I can't hear you. Hello? I'm losing you. Hello? Put me through to Sydney on a separate channel. I only want her to hear this. Got it. Sydney, don't react, just listen. Do not take your eyes off the man you're with. We just got a call from someone claiming to be the real Agent Lennox. He's on his way to you now and it looks like he's alone. Clear your throat if you copy. Backup copy. Sydney, there's no way for us to verify the identity of either man. Disarm the man you're with, then take cover so you can do the same to the man heading your way. Once they're both secured, lead them to the extraction point. We'll figure this out when they're in custody. Don't move. What are you doing, Sydney? Against the wall, on your knees, hands behind your head. Put your hands behind your head. On your knees. He's secure. How far away is the other man? What other man? You think I'm Markovic. Cloud cover's moved in over your position. We're blind, but he's gotta be right there. - Sydney, Sydney, you have to trust me. - Cuff yourself to the rail. All right. If someone is headed this way claiming to be me, it's Markovic. All right? - I'm telling you, he is setting us up. - Then why's he travelling alone? Because he knows if our satellite picks up a security team headed this way, we won't hesitate to destroy the prototype. All right, it is his only play to get his face back. Sydney, he killed Emma. He will kill you. Hold it. Drop the gun and turn around. You don't work for Markovic. You're CIA. - I'm Jim Lennox. I'm CIA too. - Drop the gun. Drop the gun, now. - Put the gun down. - Markovic's men are on their way here. Drop it or I'll shoot. We have to trust each other. Get down. Sydney? - Drop it. - You son of a bitch. - He's lying. He has to say that. - I was tortured for four weeks. - He knows enough to pass as me. - Don't listen. He took my life. You're not walking out of here. Neither of you can drop your guns. What are you doing? I hope you like your face, Dr Markovic. You're gonna have it for a long time. Don't! Yeah, all right. Appreciate it. Four weeks off. The least they could do. Yeah, well, they offered me counselling, but I haven't not worked in eight years. Where are you headed? Fiji. I've never been there before. Emma and I were gonna go for our honeymoon. She was from there. I know. I knew her. You knew Emma? One thing about my fiancé. I was lucky to have known him for as long as I did. Thank you. Where do we go? Nobody knows I've got to say I'm on my way down God give me style and give me grace God put a smile upon my face Where do we go to draw the line? I've got to say I wasted all your time Oh, honey, honey Where do I go... You're so beautiful. Dinner's ready. We do have an oven, you know. We can reheat. Yeah And ah When you work it out I'm worse than you Yeah, when you work it out I wanted to And ah, when you work out where to draw the line