into my house last week. They found a compound which counteracts the effects of sodium morphate. Sodium morphate is the poison I used to end Emily's suffering. I see two possibilities here. Either Emily predicted your intention to euthanise her, took the necessary countermeasures, or - the more likely scenario - someone wants you to believe Emily is alive. Sydney. You know Mr Sark. I don't think we've ever been officially introduced. Mr Sark is now cooperating with us in our ongoing search for Derevko and the remains of her company. I see the bad moon rising I see trouble on the way I see earthquakes and lightning I see bad times today Don't go round tonight Well, it's bound to take your life There's a bad moon on the rise Are you here to wish me luck before my first day on the job? Or are you concerned that I might reveal to Sloane that you conspired to kill him? I'm here to remind you what I hope is obvious, but I don't wanna overestimate your intelligence. If you burn me, I burn you. Sydney, I couldn't reveal to Sloane that you conspired to kill him without also revealing my involvement. Of course, I never had any intention of going through with it. - I simply needed to gain his trust. - You know what I think? You're just a dog looking for a new master. No need to worry, Sydney. We're colleagues now. I'll see you at the office. Sloane wouldn't agree to partner with him unless Sark made it worth his while. Do you have any idea what they're after? Given the scope of Sark's previous contacts and operations, he could be offering almost anything. What concerns me more is that your mother knew we were double agents before she turned herself in. She may have told Sark. - I'll find out. - Before you do, consider this. Two months ago she surrendered to the CIA. Yesterday Sark made a back-door agreement with Sloane that places him inside SD-6. Do you believe that's just a coincidence? As you know, Mr Sark surrendered to us last week. After an extensive debriefing with McCullough, we've concluded that he can provide us with credible intel. Enough, in fact, to warrant an immunity deal in exchange for his cooperation. Sir, I believe this decision is a critical mistake. This man has murdered hundreds of people for profit. We should not set the precedent of granting immunity to a terrorist, no matter what he says he has to offer. Yes, well, I understand your frustration, Agent Dixon, but I believe that Sark's cooperation will save more lives than he's taken. I'm with Dixon on this. We have developed a strategy to address your concerns. Jack. In order to maintain Sark's value as an informant, his contacts must not be aware that he's turned himself in. Beginning today, whenever Sark leaves this office, a security section team will double as his private detail to ensure that he doesn't violate his agreement with us. I'm sorry I'm late. Marshall Flinkman, technical operations officer. Hi. Welcome. Don't kill me. Look, I understand that none of you are inclined to believe a word I say, but I assure you it's not in my best interest to betray you. You've given me the opportunity of a lifetime and I don't intend to squander it. So that's how Sloane and Sark have presented their new partnership. No one at SD-6 likes it but they all believe it. I need to know if you ever told Sark that I'm a double agent. Sydney, no. You saved Vaughn's life. I'm grateful to you for that. But I haven't made up my mind yet if I should trust you. And yet here you are. I never told Sark about your status as a double agent, Sydney. That doesn't mean you're safe. Tell me, what intelligence has he provided Sloane? Zoran Sokolov. A freelance mercenary who's had extensive dealings with Mr Sark. Yes, he frequently offers me the chance to purchase intelligence before he brings it to the black market. Recently he asked me if I'd be interested in obtaining a set of communication codes used by Uzbekistan's ground forces along the border. If we don't obtain those codes, Sokolov will sell them to extremist rebels hiding in neighbouring Tadzhikistan. With those codes, they can track Uzbek troop movements and plan terrorist attacks. This would gravely destabilise our allies in Asia. Sydney, you and Dixon will make contact with this Sokolov. Posing as Sark's associates, you will purchase the codes and bring them here. We both know Sloane doesn't care about preserving stability in Asia, so my question is, why does he want those communication codes so badly? I'm going to ask you to give me something you have no reason to give. I'm going to ask for your faith. You have to convince your superiors to let me leave this place. - What? - For 48 hours. - I'll agree to a special forces escort. - Why? - I cannot tell you that. - Go where? What are those codes for? I'm trying to help you, but I must be allowed to do it my way. It's asking too much. I cannot give you details because I don't trust the CIA. They almost had me executed two weeks ago. The only way for me to maintain my value is to tell you only what you need to know in order to stay ahead of Sloane. And all you need to know now is that if I'm not allowed to leave, everything you've worked to accomplish will be lost. Agent Bristow, you're asking me to get Irina Derevko a 48-hour... - I'm asking you to consider it. - You can't tell me why. She won't say why. Sloane tasked you to acquire Uzbekistan's ground-force communication codes. And how does success or failure risk... My mother is clearly worried about something else. Some unintended consequence that we can't predict. Sir, thus far, Derevko's intel has been right 100 per cent of the time. We didn't catch this woman. She turned herself in. She's agreed to be escorted by a special forces team and wear a tracking device. - She will not get away. - Jack, you've been awfully quiet. I'm sorry. When it comes to Irina Derevko, my judgement's proven to be... impaired. Well, I would like your opinion. Perhaps they're right. Perhaps releasing her is worth the risk to satisfy our curiosity. Well, hell, when you put it that way, the answer is definitely no. If Irina Derevko wants out of here, she's gonna have to tell us more. Otherwise, you're to proceed as planned. Agent Vaughn will give you your countermission. Thanks. You told Kendall your judgement wasn't to be trusted and then agreed with me to reinforce his doubt. Kendall's ego predisposes him to favour decisions in which he's overruling others. You argue your way, I'll argue mine. Your countermission's simple. You'll dead drop a copy of the codes when you get back from Uzbekistan so we can figure out what they're really for. I have to go pack. I must admit, this is one of the most impressive operations I've seen. Though it is a touch pathetic how so many of them believe they actually work for the CIA. Look at me. You've offered me a substantial prize to make our partnership worthwhile, but do not think for a second that gives you the right to insult my people. I apologise. I had a run-in with Sydney Bristow this morning. She may be the only one who suspects I haven't in fact turned myself in. I've been a presence in Sydney's life since she was born. - Sydney will believe whatever I tell her to. - And her father? He must often battle the temptation to tell her the truth about SD-6. I'd hate to see Jack's paternal instincts compromise our objectives. So, for the time being, I wouldn't tell him what those codes are really for. Yeah? Sir, a call's been routed to you through Credit Dauphine. - Take a message. - He says it's regarding your wife. That'll be all. Put him through. I want you to record this call. Hello? We have your wife and, yes, she's alive. You will provide us with the account numbers for all SD-6 investments or the Alliance will be informed that you failed to carry out her execution. Offer me proof that she's alive. Until then, know this: as soon as I hang up the phone, I will use every available resource to find out who I'm talking to. And when I do, it will be my sincere pleasure to make your acquaintance. So, you work for Sark. Tell him I'm insulted he didn't come here personally. We'll make sure he gets the message. Mr Sokolov, we're on a schedule. Do you have the codes? Do you have the money? Wait. The codes are on a computer in this case. The case, before I stole it, belonged to a colonel in the Uzbek army. What I didn't realise when I made the offer to Sark is that without the colonel's fingerprint the case cannot be opened without detonating a self-destruct mechanism inside. Boom. Are you telling us you cannot deliver what you've promised us? Please. I wouldn't have asked you to come all this way without a solution to this little problem. I have arranged for colonel to be someplace tonight where you can take his prints. How exactly did you do that? I had him assassinated. Are you in yet? That microchip you gave me isn't exactly state of the art. It's still reading morgue records off the central server. OK, Dixon, I'm in. Me, too, Sydney. Stand by. - What was colonel's name? - Vasili Kabilov. Sydney, you're looking for Vasili Kabilov. ID tag C-16. - Dixon, don't shoot. It's me. - Get in. I know. Sydney told me about Project Christmas, and how it was developed to identify future spies, and now you're worried because you think the Russians might have used it to recruit American children back in the '80s. About that... The thing is, I think there might be something to your theory. Really? Remember those weird test questions you gave me, the ones the KGB developed? I found them. I found them integrated into a series of standardised tests that were administered here in 1982. - How many kids took that test? - Five million. Well, look, I didn't think Devlin, my superior, would mind me having you research this, but he did and he ordered me to let you go. Wait a... There's something here. OK, look, I'll narrow the test score down to a small group of kids. Now, Devlin won't be able to deny the value of that. He thinks since you're a journalist, since you've been trained to report what you know, that you're a security risk. - Well, don't sweat it. - Here's what I owe you. - There's 700. - I didn't work that many hours. Seriously, I don't know how you did it so fast. I told you to take your time. Thanks, but my time's all I expect to get paid for. Hey. Hey. - What's wrong? - Nothing. Nothing? Nothing's wrong? Syd, if we'd just met, I would know something's wrong. Do you remember Mr Sark? Do I remember the guy who shot me with a tranquilliser? - The guy who had me tortured in Taipei? - He's working with SD-6. I can't tell you any more than that. You've seen him? - You're working with him? - I have to make him think I am. That little British cocky son of a bitch is in LA? Hey, Syd. Syd, I'm on the line with the spa. Did you want to get a Swedish or a shiatsu massage? You have to reschedule. Believe me, there is nothing I would rather do than spend a day with you at the spa. - How about next week? - Next week's great. But I am still gonna go tomorrow. - OK, I wanna kill that Sark guy. - I know. - No, this is gonna drive me insane. - You asked me to tell you. I didn't know it was gonna be a nightmare. - He's almost killed me, too. - But you get to do something about it. I mean, yeah, you get to go off and be sneaky and ultimately destroy the guy. What about your work with Vaughn? Vaughn sort of fired me. The CIA's just gonna ignore everything Will found out? Actually, when Devlin heard five million American first graders took a standardised test that may have been doctored by the KGB, he sent Will's research to the FBI. - And? - We're still waiting for the results. That's the second time Will's come through for us. I wish there were more I could do for him, I really do. He's a good guy. - Thanks. - Syd... This watch belonged to my father. It's broken now, but it used to keep perfect time. And when he gave it to me, he said "You could set your heart by this watch." It stopped October 1st, the day we met. Kendall. Me too. What's going on? We just heard from Analysis about the codes you acquired in Uzbekistan. Sloane and Sark gave us a half-truth. The codes are Uzbek but they have nothing to do with troop communications. What are they for? They're the control codes for six portable nuclear warheads that the Uzbeks have admitted and defence intelligence has confirmed went missing six months ago. SD-6 is in possession of six nuclear weapons? No. This morning Sark electronically messengered the codes to an unknown third party. We couldn't trace the link. And all we know about them is that they're working with Sloane and Sark? Why did Sloane keep you in the dark on this? - I don't know. - This is what my mother was talking about. We should have listened to her. Well, if she was so concerned about helping us stay ahead of SD-6, she could have told us what was at stake. And what would you have done? Given Sydney false control codes to hand over to SD-6? Sark may have known the difference and she would have been exposed as a double agent. I wasn't willing to risk her life that way. - Do you know where the nukes are? - Yes, I do. Where? I've spent the last 36 nights lying on a steel mattress. What the hell is that supposed to mean? It means I would appreciate a pillow and blanket. Done. Tell us about the warheads. They're in Kashmir, under what used to be a maximum-security prison camp. It's now the stronghold for a mercenary group, the People's Revolutionary Front. So Sloane and Sark have in fact partnered with this organisation? It would appear. Can you give us the prison camp's exact coordinates? Yes. I'm gonna recommend to the Defence Department an immediate air strike. When the smoke clears we can dig the warheads out of the rubble. I wouldn't do that. Now that the PRF has the control codes, they may have set the warheads to detonate in the event of sabotage or a pre-emptive strike. What about sending in a commando unit? If they were familiar with the facility, I'd say it was a good idea. That's what you were planning on doing. - Yes. - That's impossible to verify. All right, Ms Derevko. You're gonna lead us into that prison. No, I'm not. My offer expired the moment the detonation codes were acquired. Do I have to remind you that your immunity deal is contingent upon your continued cooperation? I have cooperated, Agent Kendall. You didn't listen. Now, if you'd bring me my pillow and blanket... You listen to me. I'm authorised to put you in solitary. You're lucky you have a view of this hallway. Agent Kendall, may I speak to my mother alone, please? Sydney, I'm sorry. You said you didn't tell us the truth because you were trying to protect me, because you didn't wanna risk Sark finding out that I was a double agent. The thing is, someone now has the ability to detonate six nuclear weapons, and I am responsible. So I am going to be part of the team that finds and disarms those warheads, no matter what you do. But if you were telling the truth when you said you wanted to protect me, then, Mom, I need your help. You convinced your mother to go to Kashmir. I told her if she didn't lead the team to the warheads, I would. - I handed those codes to SD-6. - Your guilt is unfounded. You were doing your job. I'm going, Dad. Defence approved it. I am not about to let Irina Derevko near six nuclear weapons supervised only by you. Plane leaves in an hour. Obviously you can't maintain your cover if you're shackled. So there are two things you need to know about this necklace. One, it's layered with C-4. If you remove it while it's armed, you'll break the circuit and it'll detonate. And two, if at any moment I believe you're attempting to escape or sabotage us, I'll activate this remote trigger and blow your head off myself. All right, here's how this works. Derevko will detail your infiltration into the facility once you reach it. Until then, you have operational control. The unrest in Kashmir has caused both Pakistan and India to seal their borders, so you'll board a train in New Delhi. There's a three-mile stretch of track that passes through the eastern tip of Kashmir. That's where you'll get off. Your gear will be planted in the baggage car. Once you're off the train, you'll rendezvous with the CIA contact who will provide you the op tech you'll need to infiltrate the facility. - How did you clear this with Sloane? - I took care of Sloane. There's a C-5 prepped and waiting at the Van Nuys airport. They'll escort you. Good luck. I'll talk to you when you reach the contact. Agent Vaughn has trouble sleeping when you're in the field. - I doubt he told you that. - He didn't have to tell me. I could see it in his eyes. And I see it in yours. Agent Vaughn is my colleague. You're so willing to take risks for your country. Why aren't you willing to do the same for your own happiness? I hardly think you've earned the right to give anyone relationship advice. Jack, Sydney's smart and she's strong, but she's not happy. - OK, wait a second. - And after a 20-year absence, you've gleaned that from the cumulative half-hour you've spent in her presence? I knew it the moment I saw her. I'm her mother. Your motherhood is a biological fact with no substantive value in Sydney's life. Hey. Stop baiting him. Stop being such an easy target. We're gonna be travelling together for the next two days. You can't jump down her throat every time she opens her mouth. Hope I didn't pull you away from something too important. It's all right. What's up? Look, except for you, Sydney and Jack, everybody I know, and a lot of people I don't, they think I'm a lying junkie, OK? And helping you, doing something for the CIA, it felt like a chance to do something that mattered again, you know? Like, I don't know, maybe I went through all this crap for a reason. - What is this? - I know you can't pay me. It doesn't matter. You're looking at 40 names. Those are 40 kids that got a perfect score on the standardised test that included the Project Christmas questions. How did you get this? Between '80 and '85, Carnegie Mellon conducted a cultural-bias study on standardised testing. Not only did they have the results, but they cross-referenced them by name and ethnicity. The FBI has been trying to narrow down a list of kids for as long as you have and so far they haven't come up with a single name. That's probably because they didn't know that the test records from '82 were missing from the testing service archives. What do you mean, they're missing? Who took them? I don't know yet. - What is the purpose of your visit to India? - Family vacation. We're touring the Kaziranga National Park by train. Not exactly a vacation when you're forced to go. No offence. Cute country. Honey, we agreed we'd spend Thanksgiving together. Before I found out all my friends were gonna be in Miami. We're not going to talk about this now. I do apologise. - Enjoy your stay. - Thank you. That is a lovely necklace you're wearing. An anniversary gift from my husband. Thanks. I'm sorry, I was trying to call information. Perhaps I can help. They'll be at the rendezvous point at 2200 hours. I understand. You, miss, are in Sleeper G. Mr and Mrs Godson, you are right next to her in Sleeper H. The rest of your luggage will be in the cargo hold. - Thank you. - Thanks. That bridge is the point of no return. If you're lying about this, none of us will survive. I'd offer to go first but I don't wanna be accused of trying to escape. We go at the same time. Sydney, you follow. That's not safe. These winds are too strong. Our chutes could get tangled. You go first. I'm not letting you out of my sight. You go first. - You'll have to trust me sometime. - Trust is the last thing you're getting. The only reason you know about the nukes is because of me. I want some respect. - We'll miss our window unless you jump. - Shut up. - I told you to follow us once we jumped. - We were gonna miss our window. Sydney, I need to know I can count on you whether you agree with me or not. OK. There. Agent Bristow, so good to see you again. It's been a long time, Saeed. My daughter, Sydney. Your reputation is beginning to rival your father's. Nice to meet you. Saeed Akhtar, Irina Derevko. She's assisting us, on loan from FBI custody. Your last name's Akhtar, but your accent has a trace of Hindi. My mother is from Jammu. Your parents were brave to marry, knowing the prejudice they'd face. Let's get moving. I have everything you need to infiltrate the prison camp undetected. NVGs, Kevlar BDUs, encrypted Satcoms, three pounds of C-4 satchel charges, and a Cryo3 radiation detector to help you locate the nukes. - How far away is the PRF stronghold? - Nine hours. Outside of Muzaffarabad. Not for her. Sir, this was sent to the mail room. We scanned it for biological contaminates. It's clean. - Back up. - Jack? Back up now. International aid workers. International aid workers, sahib. I am disgusted one of my own countrymen would assist the CIA. - I assume you speak for your unit? - Yes. We know you're looking for the People's Revolutionary Front. We thought we'd make it easy for you. Here we are. - Is there something you'd like to tell us? - We'd like the warheads you've acquired. I'm sure. Thank you for the supplies. And love, it's not the easy thing The only baggage that you can bring Not the easy thing The only baggage you can bring is all that you can't leave behind - Are you OK? - It's just a scratch. - Drop it. - Dad. Quiet. Jack, we're in enemy territory and the PRF knows we're here. We need to start trusting each other right now. You will not carry a weapon. OK. Looks like we're about 20 miles southwest of Azad. We can contact the CIA station chief in Pakistan. He'll patch us through to Langley on a secure line. We should make it by dawn. Walk on Walk on What you got, they can't steal it No, they can't even feel it Walk on Walk on Stay safe tonight You're packing a suitcase for a place