I was sworn to secrecy, but I couldn't keep it from my fiancé. And when the head of SD-6 found out, he had him killed. That's when I learned the truth. SD-6 is not part of the CIA. I'd been working for the people I thought I was fighting. I went to the only place that could help me take them down. Now, I'm a double agent for the CIA. My handler is Michael Vaughn. Only one other person knows what I do. Another double agent in SD-6. Someone I hardly know. My father. I have this source who told me about you. I don't even know where he lives or works, but he knows everything. - I'm proud of you. - What? Of me? I've worked with a lot of people. You make it look easy. The Alliance knows you pursued Khasinau. They'll want to see evidence that your priorities are in order. Are you suggesting that I allow you to kill my wife to enhance my standing within the Alliance? You'll meet with Sark in Denpasar disguised as a representative from the Raslak Jihad. I'll cover you from a safe distance while you make a deal with Sark for the counterfeit Rambaldi solution. Sydney, it's Dixon, he's here. Hands in the air! Take position over there. Cover fire. I don't want Bristow hurt. Sark's got the real ampoule. I'm on him. Head to the extraction point. Cover me! Freeze! Turn around. Hands on your head. I don't wanna hurt you. Are you at the extraction point yet? I've got the ampoule. I need a 20 on Freelancer. - Don't leave Sark. - Where is she? Go. Go! Hello? You said you were back on the story. Why haven't you published? I need something from you. Tell your contact you want a meeting, to take place at his discretion. Why lead me to you, knowing you'd flush him out? He told you my name to prove that my threat was a bluff, that I'd never hurt Sydney even if you continued the investigation. I didn't think you'd dare contact me. I'll assume that's a compliment. When you ask for the meeting, he'll refuse. - What do I say? - You say... I know something you'll be interested in. About the circumference. - What is the circumference? - Not your concern. - I've got to know. - No. If he wants to know more, he'll have to meet. Look, just meet with me, or find somebody else. I'm sick of this cloak-and-dagger crap. Very well, Mr Tippin, you'll be contacted with instructions. I'm sure I speak for our distinguished friend from LA when I say how much we appreciate your coming on such short notice. It reflects your understanding that the business before us is as difficult as it is vital to the survival of our organisation. I'm told you have some prepared remarks. Please. Thank you, Ramon. Before I begin, should we wait until all the other members have arrived? That won't be necessary. I feel rather awkward sitting here, asking you to allow my wife to die of cancer. Arvin, the agreement is simple. People with any unauthorised information regarding SD-6, or any SD cell, must be eliminated. My wife is being eliminated. By cancer. The pending bone-marrow-biopsy reports will merely inform us as to the number of days she has left. Days she'll spend in an SD-6 hospital, where information can be contained. Should you choose to intervene, I will be forced to resign. Something, I believe, you should factor into your decision. Now, in the past 12 years, SD-6 has made for the Alliance over $400 million in arms sales alone, plus another 300 million from transactions with Ineni Hassan. In addition, we have acquired more Rambaldi artefacts than all the SD cells combined. Your service to the Alliance is unquestioned, with one exception. We know you had our colleague, Jean Briault assassinated. You know about Poole, don't you? That's why he's not here. You know that Khasinau had him in his pocket. Our former colleague has, under duress, acknowledged his connection with Mr Khasinau, and his manipulation of you that led to Briault's unfortunate passing. Faced with a breach of this magnitude, we have re-evaluated our position regarding peaceful coexistence with Khasinau. We know you have advocated a war with Khasinau. The Alliance is now fully prepared to engage in such an action. I am relieved and gratified. He is an enemy worthy of our combined resources. You must have a vision of how all of this is supposed to play out. I'm assuming that your plan ends in assassination. That's right, assassination of Khasinau. Then your plan must change. If we abduct Khasinau, or worse yet, kill him, we will never have an opportunity to learn what it is he is after... ...or how he works, or with whom. Put away your need for revenge. Find out what you can. Bring us substantial intel... ...and we will take your wife's situation under advisement. Miss me? - So, how was...? - Palm Springs. Perfect. - Right, the desert. - I actually read a book. - Did you go with anyone? - Will and Francie had work. It was good actually, being alone. I needed time to decompress. We've reacquired Khasinau's trail. - We have? - We apprehended Sark in Denpasar. There was a second ampoule. We intercepted a communiqué detailing Sark's plan to buy it from Raslak Jihad. - Did you get the ampoule? - No, Sark didn't have it on him. I'm gonna read the op tech report, catch up on what I missed. Sydney. For the record, I did miss you. - Mr Bristow. - Francie. I'm giving Sydney a ride. Sure, come on in. I've gotta go. Bye. Bye, Francie. Kretchmer briefed me on Denpasar. It was a sloppy operation. Your pursuit of your mother is clouding your judgement. At the moment, I can't protect you. I haven't regained Sloane's trust. He hasn't reinstated me to duty. I'm not even privy to his briefings. Then you haven't heard that SD-6 got Sark? While this might not seem like a good day for you you'd be surprised. We have people here trained in torture. They are so good at what they do, I sometimes take them for granted. But I'm not in the mood for torture. No, there's been enough torture lately. We've been curious about your employer... ...Alexander Khasinau. Well, you're in good company. Yes, but we have you. Indeed. I need to find your employer. You raise an interesting point. Given my current state of affairs, it doesn't seem as if my affiliation with Khasinau is long for this earth. We both know you're a clever man. So we don't need to play games. You're valuable to me. You can help me find Khasinau. I'm valuable to you, obviously. I understand I am in no position to demand anything. But for the record, I'm far more comfortable talking over a glass of Chateau Petrus. '82. Why does he look guilty? Ginger told Rod that Gavin was Ruby's pimp. Rod didn't know Ruby was a prostitute. - Who's Gavin? - Ruby's father. Right. - Will? - Hi. What's...? What happened to Ruby's dad? Where are you? I'm sorry. I just got this work thing. - Hello? - Listen carefully. I'm about to give you instructions on where to meet. Follow them to the letter. Guess who just tore me a new one? Devlin. Now ask me why. - Why? - I took a bullet for you today. He wanted to know why you left Sark unsecured. I said I told you to, I misread the feed from the satellite, I thought the team was near. - Thank you. - I lied to save your ass. - You didn't have to. - Partners do that. - I said thanks. - I don't want thanks. I want it to stop. Sydney's my responsibility. I won't call your relationship a crush. - A crush? - Whatever it is, it's affecting me. If that sounds selfish, I was hoping to retire fully vested. I know you genuinely care for her. I do, too. But there is a line we have been sworn not to cross. We're about a mile past that. I don't know how to be her handler without making it personal. Figure out a way. I admit, I was only half-serious when I asked for the Petrus. I just assumed after what Khasinau's done, sending men to this facility, murdering some of your men, that regardless of what I said, you'd split my belly with a knife. Do you think that's the kind of activity the CIA engages in? Not the CIA. Khasinau sent you to Moscow to negotiate with K-Directorate. He trusts you. You know things. I suppose I'd better know things. However, to be clear, my employer hardly tells me everything. We will collaborate... you and I. You will lead me to Khasinau. Understood? May I? Understood? Understood. As it turns out, our Mr Sark is a very cooperative young man. We have received confirmation for the intel he's provided thus far. It seems that Mr Sark's loyalty to Khasinau disappeared when he was kidnapped. So what's the move? Sark won't contact Khasinau until Thursday night. They'll meet at a club in Paris that Khasinau owns. You'll go there. - Is this an abduction? - No. Khasinau is expecting the ampoule. Sark says Khasinau needs the solution to read a document they believe has text in Rambaldi's invisible ink. This Rambaldi page will be at the Paris location. Sark will have a counterfeit ampoule, which he will pass to Khasinau. Your job is to steal this page and replace it with a counterfeit. Wait, I don't understand. We've hunted Khasinau for months. - I know you have a personal stake... - You want us to go after a document? Let's just get the son of a bitch. Sydney. No one wants Khasinau more than I do. No one. Sark has provided us with detailed plans of the club, its operation, location of the vault. An employee of the club will call in sick. It's been arranged for you to take her place. Marshall will provide you with the op tech. How's your voice? Why? I was contacted. - Followed? - No. - What precautions did you take? - What you told me. I didn't use my blinkers and circled the block. - What'd your contact say? - He wants to meet. Good. You'll be picked up by armed men in a van. You'll be blindfolded and taken to another location. - I know how that feels. - They won't hurt you, they need you. - They'll take me to Deep Throat? - Or someone who works for him. - A transmitter's in the lining. - And if they frisk me? It won't be detected. What were the terms? Terms? - Time, place, oral or visual tell? - It's a street corner. - I'll be reading a local paper. - When? - Tomorrow, 7 pm. - Where? Paris. Tell me my counter mission is to grab Khasinau. - It's not. - It should be. I'll be this close, and nobody wants me to take him in? SD-6 must not get the Rambaldi document. In transit you'll replace what Dixon took from the vault with these. - Just switch the pages? - Yes, these are counterfeit. - Do you have any questions? - No, I do not. - What's going on? - Nothing, do you have any questions? Yes, I wanna know what's going on with you. You're not like yourself. I'm fine, but I should go. Good luck. Thanks. I couldn't go through this without you. Dr Levin and I discussed your pain-management. Arvin... I don't wanna be here... in the hospital, when... I wanna be home. Promise me. I promise. Or say it's a friendship ring. Showing platonic intimacy between girls, or a guy and a girl. Some say it's impossible, but we're friends. Right? OK, it's actually a cardiac event recorder. Khasinau's vault uses biometric access, no code, no key, nothing. This detects heartbeat signatures. A unique one, as Khasinau has atrial fibrillation. You put this on his thorax, or anywhere you might get a pulse. It transmits the ECG data to Dixon's cellphone, which fools the sensor. Voilà! Open sesame. - Take this. - What's this? A methamphetamine to counter the Sodium Pentothal. Sodium Pentothal? A truth serum? They're gonna give me that? - I would. - Great. Don't worry, I'll monitor you the whole time. - Is your cover story straight? - They're gonna kill me, aren't they? If they wanted that, you'd be dead now. They need you, as you know someone who knows about the circumference. I wouldn't let you do this if I thought you'd die. Great. I can record your interrogator's voice, possibly even your contacts, if he makes an appearance. Either way, we have a lead to trace. - Mr Sark. - Mr Khasinau. I hear you have some troubles in Denpasar? Good to have you back. - Thank you. - Yes. Can I see the ampoule? Shall we proceed to my office? Make sure you keep Khasinau at his table. In case you have any thoughts of warning him, I'd advise against it. We'll be taking precautions. - I took the liberty of ordering. - Yes. OK, good idea. We celebrate your success first. You... Made me leave my happy home You took my love And now you're gone Since I fell for you My life Brings such misery And pain I know I'll never be the same Since I fell for you It's too bad And it's too sad But I'm in love with you... Almost got it, Syd, a couple more seconds. Get in the van, Mr Tippin. Alright, I got it, I'm heading to the vault. I... Oh, I guess I'll never see the light I get the blues most every night Since I fell For you... Sir, we have the young man from Los Angeles. Proceed. Come. We're good, Syd, I'll meet you out back in two minutes. Your arm, please. - So is it you I've been talking to? - He'll be along shortly. - First, we have questions. - What's that? Sodium Pentothal? Yes, so that our conversation will go smoothly. Tell me, Mr Tippin, how did you find out about the circumference? - I heard about it. - From who? A name, Mr Tippin. A name? OK. Oh, my God, what's going on? How did you get here? Listen to me. How did you get here? - Will? - I followed a story. We have to move, come on. - See you at the extraction point. - Copy, meet you in 30 minutes. Stop! We're going out the front! - Get down. - OK. - Get in! - Jack! Thank God. - He came in with you? - Get down. I need an identity switch and cover escort. Three minutes. - How could you? - To protect him. - Protect him? - You don't understand our concerns. Who the hell are you people? This one has no field experience. - Go with him, it's OK. - Which part of this is OK? - Take off your clothes. - What? Now! Pay attention! Your name is Patrice Lafond, you were born in Nantes, where you lived until you were five. OK. - How could you bring him in? - He was looking into Danny's death. I had to stop security section from executing him. Why didn't you say? Someone, possibly in intelligence, contacted him, very highly placed. They've steered him to SD-6, told him about me. We're tracking his source. No-one from intelligence was in that club. Those people who interrogated Will, they work for Khasinau. He wants to bring down SD-6. He tried and failed with Cole. Articles would be less painful, but effective. You were using Will! He was already being used. It's no coincidence that he was chosen. - What are you saying? - For some reason, Khasinau is trying to expose us. You cannot tell anyone about this. Not anyone. Do you promise me? OK. I'll see you at home. The Daniels are planning to fly out to visit next week. I think it's a good idea, sweetheart. Bold of me to make plans for next week, don't you think? Come on. Arvin, you have to keep your sense of humour. I suppose I do. Are you there? Yes, Emily, I am. Listen, darling, I need to take this phone call. Alright? - See you soon, my love. - Yes. Yes, I will. - Alain. - Nice work in Paris. You have deprived Khasinau of a valuable prize. - Yes, thank you. - The Alliance has decided... ... due to your wife's illness, her condition, your request has been approved. Your wife will be spared. Base ops, this is Freelancer. Freelancer? Syd. I wanna ask you something, I need a straight answer. Of course. I know your arm is hurt. How'd it happen? I was hiking in the San Jacinto Mountains, I lost my footing and found myself in this rock-slide. I gashed it pretty bad. You should have told me. We should let each other know about our injuries. Full disclosure. Full disclosure. Sark must have tipped off Khasinau, that's why his men came after me. That complication notwithstanding, the mission was a success. But we lost Sark. When Khasinau's team failed to detect the tracking device, he must have thought I was bluffing. I was prepared for that possibility. When he asked for a bottle of wine, I had it laced with a non-lethal dose of a radioactive isotope. We have a geosynchronous satellite in orbit to detect particle decay. We have been tracking Sark since he left the club. Where is he? On a transatlantic flight, hopefully with Khasinau. We don't now his destination yet, but when he lands we'll send a team. That's all, you can go. Sydney, stay for a minute, would you? Emily told me that you visited her at the hospital last week, and you had a nice conversation. Yes, we did. Some of things she said indicated her awareness of what we do here. Usually such a breach prescribes a deliberate course of action. You know that better than anyone. Because she's not likely to last the week... ...I was able to sustain a reprieve. I'm glad. Yes, I knew you would be, that's why I wanted to thank you... for being such a good friend to Emily. And to me. It was your duty to report Emily to security section. You didn't. That's more than I did for you. You're not feeling sympathy for Sloane. No. But it's the first time I've seen him express regret for what he did. He wouldn't hesitate to kill you if he knew about this conversation. You're right. I read your debrief, so did Devlin, we'll deal with the document later. First you should know that... Office of Securities is drawing up a contingency plan to keep Will safe. What kind? Witness protection. Worst case, recruitment. - No. - We have to cover it all. - I don't believe it! - It might not happen. - You're not bringing him into this. - He is in this life now. He's my friend. He is one of my best friends. - I understand that. - No, you don't. You get to tell your friends that you work for the CIA, while I go home and look desperately for a tiny moment to be honest in. Now that Will knows the truth... ...he'll never trust me again. You should have seen his face in Paris. Like he was looking at a stranger. But he wasn't. He was looking at you. Maybe for the first time... he was looking at you. What is this place? We're in the middle of LA. You have places like this everywhere? I told you not to pursue this story. I know you did. Danny was killed because he knew. Because I told him. They were gonna kill me, too. That's why you asked for my sister's passport. I know you have questions and... ...I would like to answer them. But I can't. I am so afraid you know anything about me at all. I went after the story because of Danny. You didn't have any answers, and I just couldn't stand that. It broke my heart. I wanted to help. But you gotta know this, I'm not gonna ask you a thing. I am not gonna ask anyone anything. You never have to worry about that. You promise me. Because Danny just left a message and... Syd, I promise you. Never. I was thinking on the flight back, what your life's like. What you have to go through. What you've had to keep from your friends. How hard that must be. Syd, I don't love you because of what you do. Or what you don't do. I just love you. - Thank you. - Thank you. You saved my life. - Mr Sark has landed in Geneva. - How long to get a team in position? One hour. Do we have authorisation to apprehend him? Yes. You have it. Hey, is there a food situation? Any chance to get something to eat? - Like a burger or something? - I'm easy. - I'm sorry to keep you both waiting. - It's OK, Doctor. I apologise for being underprepared, I just got the tests back, I thought you'd wanna know. The pain we suspected might be a recurrence of the lymphoma appears to be due to the rapid regrowth of bone marrow elements. That's... wonderful. Isn't it? In fact, the lymphoma cells appear to be decreasing significantly. Emily, you're entering remission. These are only preliminary tests. Your blood panels will tell us more, but... Arvin. Oh, God... Alpha team in position. Sloane wants Sark alive. Nothing here but medical equipment.