on Project Helix. The data describes a breakthrough in next-generation molecular gene therapy. It refers to a new procedure whereby a patient's face and body are reshaped to identically resemble someone else. I've been asked to confirm that you are in position. Yes. Everything's in place. I went shopping the other day and I saw something that reminded me of you, so... You bought Vaughn a present? Sydney's always saying that you're wearing suits, so I thought you could always use a new tie. It's beautiful. Thank you. That's very sweet. You're welcome. - I couldn't take it. - Me either. - Seriously. I thought I was losing my mind. - Me too. - That was the longest debrief in history. - I was staring at you the whole time. - Did you notice? - Yeah. - I think my dad noticed, too. - No, he didn't notice. Why do you think he assigned you the investigation? Cos it's a big job. It's a big deal. - Really? - Mm-hm. Someone unauthorised accessed our computer systems. We're gonna find them. - I'm the point guy. - You're the point guy? I'm the point guy. Where are Will and Francie? They're out. They won't be back for hours. You're so beautiful. - Will Tippin may be compromised. - Our superiors deal in absolutes. Either he is or he's not. The CIA is on a mole hunt to find out who accessed the defence satellite communications system. It's only a matter of time before they trace it it back to Tippin and then to me. I assume Sloane will want Tippin killed before the CIA interrogates him. Sloane's gone. Perhaps for good. We can't wait for his return. If the CIA uses regression therapy to find out who he's been leaking information to, our Los Angeles asset will be compromised. I don't want Tippin killed. I've set up a meeting with someone who can help us reacquire the Di Regno heart. He'll get us the plans to the NSA facility where they keep the Rambaldi artefacts. In the meantime, tell our asset Tippin's frame needs to be convincing. Starting tomorrow, you'll be asked questions that only Will Tippin can answer. Places you've been, things you've said and done. You'll remember some things and forget others. The more personal the questions, the less you will recall. In fact, the more you try to recall details, the more elusive they'll become. - Do you understand? - Yes. Now, listen carefully. Do not move. - I'm not supposed to tell you this. - What? - It's supposed to go through channels. - What? It's bad, isn't it? An operation based on my analysis went historically wrong. You passed the upper-level analyst test you took last week. - I did?! - With one of the highest marks. - Congratulations. - You know what this means? Not that it means anything for sure, but I heard that guy Roberts is retiring. I know. Which means there's a senior spot for an analyst. Which you're now qualified to apply for. - Hands up. - Hands in the air. - What's going on? Who are you? - Special Agent McCain, FBI. - Mr Tippin, you are under arrest. - Arrest? Arrest for what? - Who approved this? - Agent Bristow, do not interfere with this. Tippin's being detained under the Patriot Act on suspicion of espionage. Espionage? Don't say anything until you hear from me. - Who ordered this? - Your father. This is insane. Will is not a traitor. Over the last month we've had two breaches of our defence satellite communications systems. The first disabled our coverage over Panama, allowing Derevko to escape. The second was a download of our imaging archives, specifically the raid on Sloane's villa in Tuscany. There's no way that Will's working for Sloane. Syd, excuse me, sorry. When I ran a diagnostic on the network, I found that Will's user account was active in two places simultaneously, a glitch which has since been corrected. However, the satellite footage was accessed from one of those accounts. Anyone could have logged on with his user ID. - Or he did it himself. - I have known Will for years. - Trust me on this. - There's another possibility. That the man we have in custody is not Will Tippin. Project Helix. The doubling prototype that you destroyed in Poland was designed to reshape a person's physical attributes to identically resemble someone else. The prototype's database revealed two scheduled recipients of the procedure: Dr Renzo Markovic, who was killed, and a second unknown individual. - You think Will is the other double. - We found Provacillium in Will's car. It's a medication usually taken by gene-therapy patients to keep the body from rejecting the DNA mutations. What about giving him an ocular scan? Actually, that's a really good point, Mr Vaughn... Michael. I probably shouldn't call you Michael. Mr Vaughn. An ocular scan is often used... Tippin's being transferred to medical services as we speak. They'll scan him and have the results shortly. But there's something else. A digital recording was found among Tippin's things. It was taken by the surveillance equipment you found in your apartment several months ago. - They think I'm not me? - They don't know what to think. Someone breached the system and they're freaking out. They disabled all Wi-Fi access points and reset all user accounts and passwords. - It's a witch-hunt. - What was that eye scan? It's a test. It analyses your retina. Someone who's been doubled develops proteins. They're like markers. They found proteins. Syd, that's impossible. It doesn't make any sense. I was assigned to do research on Markovic. This must be a setup. Go to my office. Everything I've been working on is there. I'm innocent. You know that, right? Do you remember that time when we had too much to drink, the night we kissed? It was amazing. Of course I remember that night, in your apartment. Do you remember where it was in my apartment? What room? It's a small apartment. I know. Of course, it was... - We were eating. - It was in the kitchen. Syd... I spilled something on your sweater. Do you remember what that was? Syd... I swear it's me. Pull Tippin's phone records, read his emails, get his financials. If he's the double, going over the record could lead us to his handler. Or exonerate him. Sydney, he couldn't answer your questions. Look at the evidence. I have reasonable doubt. The information Tippin fed Sloane led directly to Diane's death. Excuse me. If someone wanted to set Will up, this is exactly what they would do. Plant these clues, condition him. I'd like permission to assign Francie a protective detail. If Sloane is targeting my friends, she could be next. Done. I'd also like to speak with her about Will. She might have information that could help. Tell her whatever you think is necessary, but only what's necessary. I need to know if he's been acting strangely. What's wrong? Forgetting things or saying things Will wouldn't normally say. Sydney, what are you talking about? Where is he? Is he OK? Just think about it. He has been distant lately. For how long? I guess since the two weeks he spent in Chicago with his family. Sydney, what's going on? There are gonna be some men outside in a van. They're security. They're gonna be watching the apartment, watching you. Protecting you. Why? Syd, you're creeping me out. I don't work for a bank. We downloaded valuable intel from Tippin's computer on the work he was doing to locate the second double. He managed to identify the man who invented the computer imaging equipment used by Dr Markovic. This is Dr Hans Jurgens. He's a chief scientist at Miracorps, the largest hospital-supply company in the European Union. His equipment was used to monitor the patients during the gene therapy that was required to complete the doubling process. Our controlling assumption is that he was personally involved in the process. So we think he knows the identity of the second double. If the guy we've got isn't Tippin, then we can't trust his intel. - At best, it's a dead end. At worst, a trap. - I think it's him. I'm getting bored with your hunches. Pardon me. I say we move the prisoner to Camp Harris for unrestricted interrogation. I'm not letting my friend be taken to a place like that. We can't keep letting your daughter's personal relationships... Think. If Will's innocent, he's not trained to handle torture. - He'll say anything you want him to say. - If not, he may know where your friend is. For now, Tippin stays here. Five hours ago we acquired surveillance of Jurgens in Berlin. A contact in country will meet you at Bendex office building downtown, then brief you on the operation. Your plane leaves in half an hour. - Man, I'm so... - Stop. That's what they recovered from my wife's car after the bomb went off. That's why we couldn't have an open-casket funeral for her. Turn the page. First fingerprint is your right index finger. The second is the partial they lifted from the remote detonator we found among your things. The prints are a match. You have Sydney fooled, but I'm not gonna play games with you. - You are not Will Tippin. - Dixon, you can't think that I... Help me find Arvin Sloane and I will do what I can to help you avoid the death penalty. Dixon, please. Refuse to cooperate and I assure you, you will suffer. Now, when you're done with this act, you will tell me what I wanna know. I'll prove it to you. - How did we meet? - Sydney introduced us. - Where? - It was... She had a party. And there was a bunch of us together. And, uh, I remember what we were talking about. Uh... Dixon, somebody did this to me and I can't remember. You murdered my wife. You murdered my wife. You murdered... Dixon. Tippin's being transferred to Camp Harris. I want you to supervise. It's my understanding Director Bristow decided he's not to be moved. He's been overruled by DOJ. Convoy leaves in ten minutes. - She what? - Bristow broke her cover with me. - She told me she's CIA. - Did she give you an explanation? Given what's happening with Tippin, she was concerned for my safety, of all things. Bristow's willingness to confide in you is an advantageous development that will be lost if Tippin gives you up. I intercepted a DOJ transmission. They're moving Tippin to a more secure location. Once he's there he will be unreachable. Organise a team to intercept the transport and extract him. To the CIA, this will confirm his value to us. And once we have him? Kill him. Have you tried the restaurant upstairs? Yes. The bratwurst is excellent. Hello, my friends. We've tracked Jurgens to a local sex club he frequents. Leather, whips, latex, chains. All the good stuff. - How long's he gonna be there? - Could be a couple of hours. I say we move in now. - What? - Nothing. I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I I, I wanna mmm mmm, I - I'm glad I'm not the one in leather. - You'd look cute in a teddy. Jurgens is with the security team against the wall. - Hello, honey. - Hello, dear. - Who is he? - Your wife's name is Alba, right? How do you know my wife? Oh, no. - Hi, Alba. - Please. We know about Project Helix, that you built it for Markovic. You do? We also know that he used it to double himself and one other person. With Markovic dead, you're the only one who knows the identity of that second agent. But I do not know. I assume your wife's email address is still the same? What? - She's gonna love these pictures. - No, no, no, wait. I just built it for Markovic. I was not there for the procedure. Your wife is gonna love having these new pictures to add to your scrapbook. I do not know the name, but there is a way you can find it. The computing power required to model a person's entire genome is tremendous, so during the doubling process Markovic had to reconnect it to an off-site computer facility, a server farm. If you access those servers, you can find the identity of the second double. - Which server farm did he use? - I do not know. I swear to God. Please do not send those pictures. Please let me go. Please let me go. - Here's your pictures. - Please. Give me back my pants. - Please explain this transfer order. - Tippin is stonewalling. We need to break him before his handlers realise he's been compromised. - Unrestricted interrogation is premature. - Justice Department didn't agree. Tippin is a credible threat to national security, which means that from now on they wanna be consulted on every decision of this investigation. What did you think, Jack? That I just forged a transfer order on CIA letterhead? - You went behind my back. - Hardly unheard of in this office. So what is this? Retribution for me taking your parking space? No. I do what my job compels me to do. Nothing more, nothing less. And if you can't see that I'm trying to protect the lives of everyone in this operations centre, then I overestimated your intelligence. That was Roosevelt Road. ETA 20 minutes. Copy that. Shots fired. We've got a sniper. - Wait a second. - Come on. Move it. Tippin. You son of a bitch. You transferred Will to Camp Harris after we agreed to keep him here. Sydney... For the time being your father may be my superior but I am yours. Who the hell do you think you are to talk to me like that? My friend may be dead. Your friend arranged for an armed assault team to facilitate his escape. How exactly did he do that from a holding cell? He didn't even get a phone call. Syd, I was there. I saw him with the gun. He fired into the transport. - Are you sure it wasn't self-defence? - Would you excuse us, please? I know it's not smart to lose my cool with Kendall. Sydney, you have to accept the possibility that the man we had in custody was not your friend. Dad, I don't believe it. I understand. Cos if it wasn't Will, then Will is most likely dead, and I can't handle that. We received your intel from Berlin. We're analysing the list of server farms now. As soon as we have a lead on the facility, you'll know. Go home, get some rest. I have to admit, I was surprised when I was contacted. The plans, please. What surprised me is you wanting blueprints to a government storage facility, rumour being that you're working with CIA now. Do me a favour. Let me know how you plan on doing it. Doing what? Getting past the new access-control system. Because unless you know how to crack it, these blueprints won't do you any good. Oh, I just can't believe it. It seems so insane. I know. How is it even possible that someone could look like Will and sound like him? I mean, it's just so ridiculous. Does the CIA have any idea where Will might be? I mean, the real Will? I'm sorry, but I'm not authorised to give you any details. Syd, don't do this to me. - Francie... - Sydney, you're my best friend. You just told me that you're a spy and that my boyfriend's a double and now you're telling me you're not authorised? The answer is we don't know. - Hello? - Syd, it's me. Will, where are you? I didn't escape. An assault team hit the bus. They tried to take me hostage or kill me, I don't know. But someone's framing me. The FBI and CIA both have you on a shoot-to-kill watch list. You have to tell me where you are. So Kendall can send me to Camp Harris, treat me like a terrorist? Not a chance. I won't let that happen. If you are Will, you know I will do whatever it takes to make sure that nothing happens to you. Please let me bring you in. Syd, I love you. I can't trust you. Not any more. Meeting you... Meeting you destroyed my life. You wanna help me? Prove I'm innocent. There may be a DNA record of the surgical procedure. It could clear you. It's... It's on a server farm somewhere in Europe. I'm gonna find it. I promise. OK, OK, this may be nothing, but Markovic laundered money through real estate. He had a farm in Marseilles. Maybe it's not a cow-pig farm. Maybe it's a server farm. - Marseilles. Do you remember where? - No, no. I gotta go. I gotta go. Syd, where is he? Is he OK? - I have to go. - No, talk to me. Tell me what's happening. I can't. I'm sorry. Please try to understand. - Sydney Bristow's headed to Marseilles? - Should I follow her? Stay there. Finding Tippin is your priority. How did it go? The NSA facility uses state-of-the-art locking mechanisms. We've bypassed systems like that before. The access codes I downloaded from the CIA Echelon system won't work any more. The NSA now uses a time-synchronised key card. Presumably a CIA agent, under the proper duress, could obtain such a key card. I'm about to confess something that will either delight you - which I hope is the case, that would be nice - or it will make you furious. While you were away, Will Tippin was ordered to Camp Harris for unrestricted interrogation. They would have found out about our asset. What did you do? I instructed that he be extracted and killed. I told you I didn't want him killed. Your asset could have been pulled from the field. Yes, I know, but the situation had changed. Sydney, out of fear for Francie's life, told her she was going to Marseilles to recover evidence that would clear Tippin. Is he dead? No. He's at large and believed to have escaped. Which should provide us the leverage we need to get into the NSA. If we recover the evidence in Marseilles before Sydney, we can force her hand. Proof of Will's innocence in exchange for her aid in securing a key card. We just got the forensics report back on the detonator we found among Tippin's things. Will's fingerprint was placed on the trigger after it was wiped down. This is great. Now we have evidence that confirms he was being framed. Yes. Still, it'll take hours to get Justice approval to infiltrate the server farm. Take Vaughn. The two of you will go in tactically. - I'll have Marshall prepare your op tech. - Kendall's gonna report you. I'm aware of the consequences. When the DOJ hears you initiated an op without their approval... Sydney, I've been doing this longer than you have. I'm not cut out for management anyway. - We need to talk. - Yes, I know. I've been sanctioned by the DOJ. I'm no longer in charge of this operations centre. That honour goes to you. Maybe I'm a slow learner, Jack, because I don't understand you. A month ago you manoeuvred me out of my job and now here you are handing it back. I belong in the field. You know, we can help each other. We don't have to be adversaries. I appreciate your magnanimity. - Now you're just mocking me. - Yes. You know, part of the reason I sent Tippin to Camp Harris was to protect Sydney. Why do you think you have your job back? - Thanks, Mr Bristow. - Thanks, Sarah. Keep the change. It's good to see you, Jack. I assume that since you're sitting across from me with so little regard for your life, I'm in the cross hairs of a sniper rifle. - Two of them. - Of course. I've missed your poker face. So, there's something I want you to know. - I forgive you. - Excuse me? Your betrayal of SD-6. I'm curious, Jack. When exactly did our friendship end? The moment you recruited Sydney over my objection. I thought so. If I had known that decision would cost me our friendship and my relationship with Sydney, I would have done things differently. - Self-pity doesn't become you. - Jack, on the contrary. I'm here to make you an offer. I don't expect an answer now. - What would that be? - Come back to our partnership, Jack. I will tell you everything I've learned about Rambaldi. An obsession I've never shared. Well, now's the time to sign up. For years I collected his artefacts, as if that was the point. I thought Rambaldi's work was the window to the past. Today I am one move away from proving to you that it is so much more than that. And this time Sydney won't be a pawn in our venture. Jack, sit here for a while, think about it. We will never work together again. The thing of it is, you are going to work with me, sooner than you think. The men who have you in their sights have been instructed to put a bullet through your brain if you dial your cell or leave this table within 30 minutes. We'll see each other again, Jack. Trust me on that. The chief of security holds a kill switch that enables him to wipe clean all of their data storage at any sign of attack. To prevent the destruction of the information that we need, I will proceed to the security room and secure the kill switch. After confirmation from Agent Bristow, you'll expedite through the facility where you'll consider everyone you encounter as hostile. We'll upload the file on the second double to a CIA server. Any questions? Agent Bristow. - What is this, a private club? - American? Is this Paris? - Come on. Can I... - Monsieur, monsieur, monsieur, monsieur. I had a little too much to drink. OK? It's no big deal. Is this the fancy club? Can I come in? I just wanna... I know I've had a little too much to drink but I really just wanna come in for a little bit. My friends told me to come. Listen, I love you, man. OK. All right. You're so grumpy, man. What's your status, Mountaineer? - I'm going in. - Copy. We'll move in. Boy Scout in position. All teams hold for Mountaineer's signal. Hello, Sydney. Sydney? I know what you're after. Your friend's suspected of being a double. You believe the information on these servers could clear him. No, don't. Go, go, go. You erased it. I transferred a copy to a secure location. I'll give it to you. In exchange, I want you to do something. Go to hell. If you don't, you'll never clear Will's name. He'll be tried as a traitor and executed. I'll be calling on you soon, Sydney.