It was rumoured to contain the strain of a plague-like bioweapon capable of killing millions. This bioweapon. What do you know about it? Only that The Covenant refers to it as The Passenger. The CIA wants me executed next week because they believe that I was working with Senator Reed, and I was. But my association with Senator Reed had nothing to do with advancing The Covenant's agenda. Two years ago, Senator Reed recruited me to work for an organisation inside the U.S. government. They refer to themselves as The Trust. I need you to prove that this group exists. I was serving my country, Jack. Not betraying it. In one of his sessions with Barnett, Sloane admitted having an affair with Irina while you were married. What are you saying, Lauren is Covenant? I can't be sure. The shooter was wearing a wig. It was dark. We were wrong about The Passenger. It's not a weapon. It's a person. I think The Passenger may be your mother. I am looking for The Passenger. I have a great respect for the followers of Rambaldi, and I know you to be a truly wise man. But if you do not tell me where to find The Passenger in five seconds, I will kill you. I cannot help you, Mr. Sark. How do you know my name? Retrieve the manuscript regarding The Passenger, and I'll meet you in Rajasthan. Bring him with you. He may be useful if the manuscript is encrypted. But when I mentioned The Passenger to your mother, she terminated her user account. Either she is The Passenger, or she's protecting her. What's going on? Your message said it was important. You were right. About what? Lauren's the mole. She works for The Covenant. You have proof? I should have known. We should talk to Dixon and figure out a way to handle this. Oh, I know how to handle this. You will act like nothing has changed. Okay, what's plan B? 'Cause that's not gonna happen. Given that The Covenant is ahead of us in the search for The Passenger, tracking Lauren might allow us to catch up. She cannot detect the slightest alteration in your relationship. I'll inform Dixon, we'll secure the agency, Iimiting her access to classified documents. Stop. My wife betrayed me. She betrayed all of us. You can't expect me to pretend that never happened. - I'm not sure you have a choice. - Why is that? Because you're the one that married her. I missed you this morning. I got up early and went to the gym. - I should have let you know. - Oh, it's fine. In fact, I like it. Makes me feel like we've settled back into our lives. Yeah. I think we have. Before my dad died, I asked you if you would come with me to counselling, and you said no. I still think it could help. It's just a thought. No, I'd like that. After 30 years, you still live with your wife's betrayal. Will he? Absolutely. An Echelon intercept we just received indicates The Covenant has kidnapped someone they believe can help them find The Passenger. A convoy is transporting him across Western Rajasthan. You and Vaughn will intercept it and take him into custody. We don't have the Indian government's cooperation, and the air space is restricted, so you're going in old school. We've done well here. Quite well. Thank you. We have to go. Follow me! Give me your gun. Give me the gun now! Here! Press on. We have everything we need. They have The Restoration. The Passenger is compromised. Just breathe. It's you. The Passenger. She is your destiny. How is she my destiny? As a friend? As an enemy? Tell me. Tell me that. Is The Passenger my mother? The Passenger... is... your sister. In Nepal, the convoy was transporting a man. We tried rescuing him from The Covenant, but he was shot. Before he died, he told me my mother was not The Passenger. He said my sister was. Who was this man? A monk, a cleric, a Rambaldi scholar. Dad, what difference does it make? Do I have a sister? I don't know. Maybe that's why Mom's name was linked to The Passenger. Maybe because she had another child. During our marriage, your mother had an affair. If, in fact, you do have a sister, it's conceivable she is the product of that indiscretion. I'd hoped to spare you the name of the person with whom the affair took place. But if he is... the father of your sister, that is no longer possible. Who is it? Thank God. You have to help me. Your execution cannot come fast enough. I'm innocent, Sydney. I have not violated my pardon agreement. It was based on my cooperation with an organisation known as The Trust. Senator Reed was my contact. If he was the mole, I did not know. Ask your father. He knows that. If you were innocent, he'd find a way to stay your execution. Even though you had an affair with his wife. You know that. I have 72 hours to live. I want you to focus on that, not on some affair I had 25 years ago. I'm not focusing on the affair. I'm focusing on the child that resulted from it. A sister I never knew I had. It must have come as a shock to you. It did to me when I found out. Are you telling me you didn't know? No. Not until two years ago. When I was in a monastery in Nepal run by followers of Rambaldi. Go on. Sydney, the revelation that I had a child, it was overwhelming. I spent every possible moment from that day on searching for my child. The Di Regno heart. And Il Dire, Rambaldi's machine that I so painstakingly constructed. Together they gave me an individual's DNA and the word "peace." Which in Greek translates into Irina. I did a DNA test. Confirmed that I was the father of the child. So, Sydney, I created Omnifam. And while I was inoculating millions of people against diseases, I was simultaneously able to gain access to medical databases that identified people through their DNA. And I hoped that it would help me find my daughter. I failed. You know she is The Passenger. I know. I know. I also know The Covenant is after her. Sydney, I want to protect... ...my child. So please talk to your father. If he is concealing information that would exonerate me because I had an affair with Irina, convince him to give it to you. If not for my sake... ...then for your sister's. Okay, here's what we found out from Project: Black Hole. "The Restoration" refers to documents written about The Passenger. That's the bad news. The good news is The Covenant can't read them. - They're in code. - Yes. - And we have the only code key. - It's a stalemate. Not if we're smart about it. Here's what we do. We call a briefing, making sure to include Lauren. Once she's there, you detail the following information. Analysis is currently filtering through some chatter they picked up referencing The Restoration. They're certain that it will only be a matter of hours before they can locate these documents. After indicating confidence in our ability to locate and recapture The Restoration, we then explain what we will do once we have it. Project: Black Hole is delivering the code key today. The minute we come into possession of The Restoration, Marshall will begin the decoding process. In truth, Marshall will be receiving a bogus code key. We should also remind Lauren that... Even if we do not recover the documents, we know that without this code key, The Covenant will not be able to read it. After learning a code key exists, it is probable Lauren will try and copy it. That's where you come in. Me? You have to act completely normal. Lauren. Agent Vaughn-Reed. Mrs. Vaughn-Reed. Hi. What can I do for you? Project: Black Hole does not share its toys as often as the NSC would like. Governmental turf war, that kind of thing. When I told them about the code key, they insisted I detail it for them. Right. Well, go ahead, have a look. And while you're at it, have a gander. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Not on the Flinkman file. Just a little journal I'm keeping for Mitch. Patent ideas, history of quantum mechanics, brief intro to string theory, you know, basics. The letters here, what language is that? It's 4th-century Neapolitan Italian. Which I love saying, because it makes me think of ice cream. Neapolitan ice cream is my favourite. Really? Mine too. She is good. I mean, if you had to fall in love with someone that was evil, I can see why it was her. Not that you're in love with her. Whatever the attraction was originally. Did she take the bait? I'm not sure, but she did take my thumbprint. - May I? - What are you doing? I am checking to see if there's any use of my biometric access within the agency. She's in Image Processing. She must be duplicating the code key. Okay, I've left Image Processing. I haven't left, because I'm here, and she's there. The next step will be to bring the code key to her handler or whoever can use it to read the documents written about The Passenger. Alright, you will track her and identify her contact. That should lead us to the location of the documents. At that time, we'll spec out a mission to recover them. Jack has told us The Passenger is your sister. Hopefully what is written on these documents will give us what we need to find her. Sloane confirmed the child is his. I see. I know how much this upsets you. I'm fine. Dad. If Sloane is gonna be executed, it should be for a crime he's committed. What exactly are you implying? If you have evidence exonerating him, you have to use it. I don't have any evidence. You should go. You know what I want? What? A normal life. Here we go. Lauren's mother? Olivia? She's supposed to be in London. Looks like she just passed her something. Can you hear anything? No, we're getting interference from that fountain. The Covenant needs you to ensure that things will be taken care of. Oh, my God. Hang on. I'm gonna filter it through the active noise reduction. You could at least pretend to mourn. I killed your father to protect you. The sound waves are isolated. I'm gonna invert them, and that should... - Where are the documents? - At home in Richmond. The Covenant wants the complete translations by tomorrow. I'll meet you there. Whatever they tell us about The Passenger we should act on immediately. Lauren doesn't trust me. Should she trust you? Trust is based on honesty, and when I've had problems, I've talked to her about them. What I don't trust, what worries me, is that I feel that Michael will leave me once I've mourned the death of my father. If that was true, why would I be doing this? If it was all fake? I didn't say it was fake. Temporary. Whatever. If that's what it was, why would I agree to work on our problems? Our problem is you think you're in love with Sydney. How am I supposed to respond to that? Honestly would be good. Sydney is very important to me. We have history, obviously. We're together a lot. We go away together a lot. Did the two of you ever go away? Never. Well, maybe you should. Do you have any trips planned? Lauren's going to see her mother in Richmond. Only for a day. It's a start. It worked. He's going. - Hello, darling. - Hi. I'm so glad you made it. You two young people are just what this drafty, old house needs. Thanks, Olivia. It's nice to be here. I'll run these upstairs. Thanks. His being here is unacceptable. I told you, I had no choice. We're supposed to be reconciling. You getting a reading? Tapping into the power grid now. Now, the E.M. sensor I designed should lead us right to it. We'll let you know as soon as we find the safe. Copy that. I was just telling Mum how great you've been the past few weeks. Oh. Lauren's been incredibly strong. How are you? I'm doing surprisingly well for a pariah. I never liked politics. You never know who your friends are. At least now that I'm the wife of a traitor, I know the answer. I had none. Excuse me. Hello? The safe is in the study. It's Weiss. He needs help on a brief. You're cold. While I'm inside, I'll get you a sweater. Thank you. What have you got? Okay, switching back to comms. - I'm at the safe. - Standing by for transmission. Scanning text now. Copy that, Boy Scout. Receiving data. - Have you decoded the documents? - I haven't had the time. Most of that was supposed to be going on while you were here. You do your work. I can handle him. I wonder. One more page. Should be another 30 seconds. Whoops. What do you mean, "whoops"? Sensor picked up a new E.M. reading. I think there's somebody else in the house. Someone is coming. I'm almost done. Sweetheart. What are you doing in here? I was looking at our wedding pictures. I remembered your parents kept them here. Remember that day? I'll go get your sweater. That was the happiest day of my life. Mine too. I want to be that happy again. What can I do to make that happen? - That's a start. - Really? I'm sure that's not what it sounds like. Not that it sounds like anything, 'cause, you know, there isn't any sound. There's probably really not... Turn it off. Sorry. Bad idea to keep it on in the first place. Using the real code key, Marshall was able to decipher the documents Vaughn retrieved from Mrs. Reed. They detail a Rambaldi artefact known as The Hourglass. It turns out The Hourglass was only recently sold at auction to a man named Masa Raidon. The guy running <i>yakuza's</i> U.S. shipping business? Yes. Now, Raidon owns a building in little Tokyo. A <i>yakuza</i> stronghold. He's got a nightclub on the ground floor. You might want to stop by, have a little... And there's a personal art gallery on sublevel 2. That's where he's holding The Hourglass. But you're gonna have to move quickly. Why is that? Well, according to Rambaldi's manuscript, The Hourglass will only reveal the location of The Passenger to one man. Her father. And he's gonna be dead in six hours. This is impossible. Justice has been apprised of Sloane's value. They refused to stay the execution. If Sloane dies, any chance I have of finding my sister dies with him. Has it occurred to you that your half-sister might be a danger to you? Yes, of course. But it's equally possible that I can help her. She could be an innocent victim. With Irina Derevko and Arvin Sloane as her parents? I don't think so. I requested to look at Senator Reed's personal effects. Every notebook, memo, receipt. I know The Trust exists. Dad, are you really so bitter that you would sacrifice my sister in order to get payback for a 25-year-old affair? Sloane deserves to die. Yes, he does. But not for this. The director of legal policy at Justice has operational control over Sloane's case. He's coming to oversee the execution. I'll turn over the information I have on The Trust as soon as he arrives. That should exonerate Sloane. Thank you. What exactly did you find in the senator's effects? Nothing. I requested them, but they haven't arrived. Now I don't have to look. Looks like the west stairwell is your most direct access to the sublevels. What about countermeasures? The best we can tell, it's only the guards, but we haven't had a chance to do a thorough scan. We're sort of working on the fly. Syd, about what happened in Richmond... You were doing your job. And she is your wife. Not for long. Jack, I want you to meet Marlon Bell. He runs legal policy at Justice. Good to meet you. I was telling the director how pleased I am you caught Sloane. Since my signature was on the pardon agreement, I was embarrassed and relieved, and if you don't mind my saying so, Iooking forward to seeing the son of a bitch die. Excuse us. You're not gonna help me. In April '75 in Saigon... you toasted Sydney's birth with a bottle of Chambertin-Clos de Bèze. Your favourite. Now that I know you have a daughter, I thought I should return the honour, especially considering they share the same mother. Irina betrayed both of us, Jack. She sought me out for information the same way she did you. She was my wife. She was a KGB spy who cared nothing about you or me. I've always thought that you understood your relationship with Irina was nothing more than that, but now that your schoolboy crush on the woman who destroyed your life is preventing you from saving mine... I will have to revise that assessment. Irina Derevko affected your life every bit as much as she affected mine. I knew the possibility existed that Sydney would be drawn into our world, but I often wondered why you were the one who sought her out, why you showed such paternal affection toward her. Now I know. You did it because you were angry and jealous and wanted to take away the one thing that was important to both Irina and me. The symbol of what we had and you didn't. You're right. I'm not going to help you. Since this is the last conversation we will ever have, I want to make this perfectly clear. What you have done to my daughter is nothing compared to what I will do when I find yours. Half an hour. I'm on the list. Everyone's on the list. My friends are waiting for me inside. Wait your turn. Till then, stop talking to me. - Back in line. - Hey, lay off the suit, man. Why don't you find your way home? Oh, you're a big tough guy now? Living the dream? You want to see what I'm dreaming? Alright, take it easy. You win. I pray for you. I pray your soul can find peace in the next life. That's very kind, Marcus. Let's go. I'm heading down. Copy that, Mountaineer. You're all clear. Marshall, work your magic. I should have it open for you in...right now. Lauren, this is restricted access. I cleared it with Justice. I had no intention of missing the execution of this traitor. Marshall, we have a problem. Copy that, Mountaineer. What's the problem? Motion sensor. It's on a random sweep. - That wasn't on the schematics. - Must be a secondary protocol. I've located The Hourglass. Can you disarm the sensor remotely? I'm trying, but there are a lot of dummy codes. I have to extrapolate each one. I've never seen a system like this. Is there a repeating prefix in the majority of the codes? 86-86. It's an anchor-type design. Grab Dixon. He specced out a similar system in Honduras. He'll know what the back door is. Dixon. I can't. He's downstairs as witness to Mr. Sloane's execution. The execution is going forward? Yeah, at midnight. I thought... You know, for some reason, it makes me incredibly sad. I feel like you're the only person I can talk to. Marshall, kill the grid now! Right. Sorry. Talk later. Do you have any final words? I do. For you who pay witness... ...I can only believe there is a common thought amongst you all. This is as it should be. I do not disagree. My only request. That if my daughter is in fact found alive... ...that she understand my actions. She understand that this day's events are the net result... ...of her father's passion... ...to find her... ...to know her... ...to love her. We can't wait any longer. I am going in. Stand down, Mountaineer. I'm almost there. Raidon security detail is two dozen strong. Don't. There's nothing you can say. Sloane is dead. We can now locate The Passenger without his interference. Not quite. The code key you retrieved from the CIA is unusable. I can only assume that was deliberate on their part. Vaughn played you. He's likely to try again. But that will be his last mistake. I'm surprised you didn't get the reference. Modified Kayexalate cocktail washed with tetrodotoxin presented in a bottle of Chambertin-Clos de Bèze. Just like we used in Saigon. But understand, this was not done out of compassion.