- And? What did it say? They're calling it "the prophecy". Vaughn? Pursuant to national security, you are in the custody of the Federal Government. - They broke the Rambaldi code. - What does the prophecy say? "This woman here depicted will possess unseen marks." "Signs that she will be the one to bring forth my works." "Bind them with fury, a burning anger." "Unless prevented, at vulgar cost, this woman will render the greatest power unto utter desolation." It's vanilla. - Milk shake. - Will you do me a favour? Will you remind them that I cooperated? That I didn't resist? I don't need these restraints. I'll tell them. - What did the DSR tell the FBI? - The DSR didn't say. But you're inter-agency liaison. Inter-agency liaison doesn't put me smack-dab in the inner circle. Look, you and I don't work well together, historically. We've got this juvenile animosity thing going, and that's got to change. Let's just start over. Hi. How are you? I don't know what they're planning to do to Bristow. If I were you, I'd let it go. A buddy of mine at Princeton knows Haladki. Says she used to see him eating lunch at the Webster Rotunda. That guy's got the table manners of a six-month-old. I'm gonna ask you a question. - I need you to be honest. - Sure. Do you believe in this thing, this prophecy? - You do, don't you? - No, it's ridiculous. But that picture looks just like her! Sydney's gonna take down the world? But the DNA sequence, the heart size, they match what Rambaldi wrote. I mean, either this thing is completely insane... or it isn't. OK, what happened? The FBI's involved? Yeah. There's an FBI tribunal flying in from DC. They're gonna question her and decide what the next move is. Ms Bristow, I'm Special Officer Kendall, FBI. Ms Baker. Mr Dunn. You're being held under National Security Directive 81 A. We can legally file formal charges against you based on current evidence. We'd appreciate your cooperation in answering some questions. If you choose legal counsel, we'll charge you on current evidence. - It's your decision. - I have nothing to hide. Your name and occupation? Sydney Bristow. Intelligence officer for the US Government. - Under which agency? - CIA. How did you come to work with the CIA? - Don't you have a file on me? - We'd like this in your words. I came to work with the CIA through my involvement with SD-6. How did you get involved with SD-6? I was a student. A freshman at college. A man said he worked with US Intelligence and they wanted to interview me. - And you agreed? - No! Not at first. It was the last thing I was interested in, working for the US Government. But I found myself wondering if I could actually become a spy. - And you believed that you could? - Sort of, which is crazy. I didn't even realise what being a spy meant. The truth is, I didn't love any of the subjects I was studying. My father and I weren't speaking, my mother died when I was six, and the highlight of my social life was my dorm's salad bar. So I called them. - SD-6? - They didn't use that name. They led me to believe they were CIA. They were... are very convincing. So, you met with an organisation that you believed was the CIA? Yes. They had me sign about 500 non-disclosure agreements and offered me a job. Just like that? They had me take a job as an office assistant in a corporate bank downtown. I just assumed that the bank was somehow affiliated with the CIA. They said they would be watching me. This was the evaluation phase. That lasted for six months. And then they told me I was ready for the transition. - Transition? - Eight months of training, tests... ...propaganda. Before that, I had never fired a gun. I'd never thrown a punch. During the transition I first heard the term SD-6. And you believed that SD-6 was affiliated with the CIA? Yes, that it was a black-ops division of the CIA. Meaning? You mean, what is black-ops? A division that is funded by the CIA's black budget. Highly classified operations, hidden from congressional oversight. I believed SD-6 was one of these divisions that didn't operate through Langley. You never questioned that? As I said before, Mr Kendall, they were very convincing. Now, I might not have been a genius at 19 years old, but I was smart enough to know what questions to ask. - They had all the right answers. - It says here you were a genius. And how did the transition end? They made reference to the SD-6 headquarters. They told me they'd take me there. I didn't realise that getting there only required a ride in the elevator. The office of SD-6 is located on sub-level six of the Credit Dauphine building. The first time I walked through there, surrounded by strangers who I thought were working for the good of the country, I felt wildly patriotic. And then I met Arvin Sloane. So, you're Sydney Bristow? - Yes, sir. - Nice to meet you. I'm Arvin Sloane. Welcome to SD-6. What if I need to go to the bathroom? I think we can arrange that. Anything? My FBI contacts don't have access to Sydney's case. It's classified. - What about Devlin? - He has no clearance. All we know is Sydney's being held locally. We gotta find out where. Where is irrelevant. How long she's in custody concerns me. Sloane wants to meet her on Tuesday. Maybe the FBI won't put as much credence in the prophecy as DSR. Wrong. In the current climate, the FBI's being wildly vigilant. If another government agency red-flags someone as a threat, the FBI won't be so quick to let them go. You're saying Sydney's cover could be blown to SD-6? Under Directive 81 A they could conceivably hold her without trial, or charges, for the rest of her life. Describe your role within SD-6. Desk work at first, but I advanced quickly. Within a year I was out on reconnaissance missions. Always believing that you were working for the CIA? Mr Kendall, with the exception of a half-dozen high-level officers, the entire office believes they work for the CIA. You remained in school during all of this. Why? Did SD-6 want you to? No, they didn't want me to. It was something I wanted to do. Become a teacher. I didn't want to give that up. Who was Daniel Hecht? Danny was my fiancé. Could you tell us what happened to him, please? "You build me up" "Buttercup baby" "Then you bring me down" And mess me around And then worst of all You never call, baby, When you say you will... We had been together two years when Danny proposed. Don't break my heart I had never told anyone about my involvement with SD-6. But I knew that if I was gonna marry Danny, he had to know the truth. So I told him that I was a spy. While I was in Taipei on an operation... ... SD-6 had him killed. So SD-6 murdered your fiancé? - Yes, they did. - That didn't seem extreme to you? I don't understand your question. How could a girl as brilliant as yourself believe that an agency that assassinated an innocent civilian could be affiliated with the US Government? You're saying I knew about SD-6 all along? You claim to have learned the truth about SD-6 when? It wasn't a claim, it was the truth! After Danny... ...I refused to return to SD-6, which they saw as a betrayal. That's when they came after me. It was that night that I learned that my father, who I was never very close to, was also an officer with SD-6. Get in! Daddy? And I learned who I was really working for. A decade ago, some agents went freelance. The Alliance of 12. - What do you know about them? - They're mercenaries. I'm one of them. SD-6 is not a black-ops division of the CIA. SD-6 is a branch of the Alliance. You work for the enemy you thought you were fighting. That's impossible. That was the first time I heard the truth about SD-6. The first time. Make sure Susan gets Donaldson's briefing. Call Josh. Tell him I have to cancel lunch. I've... What did you say about Haladki? - He doesn't shower? - About your friend. - She used to see him at lunch. - At the Webster Rotunda? - At the Adams Federal building? - Yeah. Why? You're not allowed in the Rotunda unless you're a ranking FBI officer. No way. - You know what? Excuse me! - You were FBI. Before you were CIA, you were FBI. My FBI history is on my resumé. I'll give you a copy. You know what FBI protocol is, where Sydney is, and what they plan to do with her. You have lost your mind. - You're the one on the witch-hunt! - Look! We've decoded 47 verifiable Rambaldi predictions. He hasn't been wrong once. - Where is she? - What if he's not wrong about this? What if Sydney Bristow is a threat? What if Rambaldi got it right? What did they tell you was the objective of SD-6? The retrieval and study of intelligence, both military and industrial, throughout the world, that is critical to the superiority and survival of the USA. That's the company line. Well, what does SD stand for? Section Disparue. The section that doesn't exist. Alain Christophe of the Alliance, the term was his. - Explain about the Alliance of 12. - It's like a board of directors. Some are from the private sector, but most were intelligence officers. All wealthy. They started a company, except this company trades intelligence. - So they're after... - Weapons, military secrets, industrial intel, computer advances, political agendas. - Anything the other guy wants. - The other guy? Governments, corporations, wealthy citizens, families. It's all black market. It's organised crime. Could you give me an example? Do you remember the Carbon-Proxy disaster in '92? An accidental methylisocyanate leak at a manufacturing plant in Bangalore, India. Killed 3,000. Another 1,000 disabled. 1996, near Kyoto, Japan, a bullet train accidentally switched tracks and derailed. 150 people were killed. Last year, in Germany, a transport plane suffered mechanical failure outside Munich. 12 lives were lost. None of them were accidents. Some were acts of revenge, others were personal favours to those who helped to fund the Alliance. Some were distractions, so that local resources were occupied so that SD-4 or SD-7 could infiltrate a building somewhere and retrieve sensitive data. Go on. After what they did to Danny, what they tried to do to me... ...I swore I'd destroy them. SD-6. But first I had to win back their confidence, so I stole something that I knew Arvin Sloane wanted. A device based on the design by Milo Rambaldi. I'm back. Then I went to the people I thought I'd been working for. That's where I met my handler, Michael Vaughn. I thought the job would be over by Christmas. It was Vaughn who made it clear to me... ... what I was really up against. That's how I became a double agent. And a few days later, your father came to see you, and revealed that he was a double agent working for the CIA. That his job at SD-6 was cover, too. Yes, that's right. Father and daughter, double agents. - Yes. - This is what doesn't make sense. Why recruit his daughter into that environment? He wouldn't. He didn't. Sloane knew my parents years before they were married. He brought me in. He didn't tell my father until I was active. Why did Sloane go after you? I don't know. You're sure Sloane brought you into SD-6, not your father? - Why do you ask? - As far as you've seen, your father's allegiance has always been with the CIA? I have been very patient with you and your implications that I can't be trusted. - Ms Bristow... - But you won't insult my father. That is unacceptable. - It was just a question. - It was an accusation. And you're questioning my honour, my loyalty, based on a prophecy in a book you wouldn't have if it weren't for me! - We'll take a break. - I want to finish this and go home! Sit down! Listen to me! I want to go home! I want to... Just wait a minute! OK, here we go. Look at this. Rocking the cradle. "Unless prevented at vulgar cost, she will render the greatest power unto utter desolation." You're making yourself crazy. - What's "vulgar cost"? - I don't know. "This woman will have had her effect, never having seen the beauty of my sky behind Mount Subasio." "A glance may have quelled her fire." - Yo-yo's sleeping. - Mount Subasio? I think that's where Rambaldi was born. Why don't we all go to Mount Subasio? Here we go, around the world. What? What happened? Thanks for coming. SD-6 security have nothing on Sydney. Look at this. "This woman will have had her effect, never having seen Mount Subasio." If the FBI takes this so literally, every phrase must have equal veracity. According to Rambaldi, the woman will have never seen Mount Subasio. So if Sydney went there and saw it... - She couldn't be the woman. - Makes sense, doesn't it? It's good. Devlin put three calls in to the FBI about this and was stonewalled. They're not in a cooperative mood. We'll have to extract her. Get her to Italy ourselves. Devlin would sanction transit. A jet could be ready in an hour. How do we find her? Steven Haladki. He's CIA, former FBI. I know he still has ties. - Haladki? I'll talk to him. - The problem is he's not talking. He'll talk to me. When we left off, we were chatting about your father. What can you tell me about your mother? For most of my life, I thought she was a literature professor at UCLA. I thought that she was a loving mother and an adoring wife. Apparently I couldn't have been more wrong. Could you elaborate? A few months ago, I noticed something unusual. I found Cyrillic codes in old books that my father had purchased. I began to suspect him of having collaborated with the KGB. But that wasn't the case, was it? No. Those Cyrillic codes in those books, yes, they were orders from the KGB, and yes, they were orders to kill. An agent received those orders and carried them out. But, Sydney, I was not that agent. Your mother was. Your mother was a traitor? Yes. A woman who appeared to be one thing, but actually was another. Your mother. Tell me how she died. I... I used to think my mother and father were driving together. I was wrong. My mother was actually alone. She was being pursued by an FBI counterintelligence officer. The roads were slippery. There was an accident. The cars went into the river. After she died, your father raised you. Is that right? No. He hired a nanny. As I said, he and I didn't have much of a relationship until recently. So, like your father, you're a double agent. Tell us how that works. It always begins with something SD-6 wants. Information. Technology. Classified data. Sloane outlines the mission, then Marshall reviews the tech. - Marshall? - He's our tech guy. This looks like a normal phone you'd call... "I'm gonna be late for dinner, Dad. Don't wait up for me." Biometric sensor. What it does... Barely touch it and you are knocked out cold. You just, like, freebasing Thorazine. You're out. This looks like a normal purse, right? You would wear it at the beach or wherever... putting in... But it is a parabolic microphone. They take pictures and have telephoto lenses, and they're super-swank. Once I have the mission laid out, I contact the CIA. I detail the SD-6 operation on a brown paper bag and wait for the CIA to contact me. After the CIA reviews the mission, what then? I meet with Vaughn to get my countermission. Could you give us an example? SD-6 sends me to Moscow to get computer disks. The CIA wants copies... I'm in the bar. I can see you. Are those the files? If they are, cough. Get ready to make a switch. After I get back to Los Angeles, I have to complete a brushpass and give the stolen disks to Vaughn so the CIA can make copies. Before I leave the airport, Vaughn has to pass the originals back so I can deliver them to Sloane. - Without my SD-6 partner knowing. - Your SD-6 partner? Dixon. Dixon believes that SD-6 is affiliated with the CIA? - He doesn't know you're a double? - That's right. Does that ever cause problems? SD-6 sent us to retrieve a vaccine from a plant in Badenweiler, and destroy the empty building. While I was in a laboratory, Dixon was setting the explosive charge. What I couldn't tell Dixon was that the CIA also had a team in that building. - I've got a bomb to disengage. - Please. We'd appreciate it. My CIA countermission included disarming Dixon's bomb. - Did you get the inhalers? - We're good. I knew Dixon's detonator wouldn't work. That was the plan. Come on. We gotta go. I brought a secondary detonator in case there was a frequency jam. Let's go. Can we take a break, please? Just for a minute? I have no desire to blow your head off, but I will, unless you tell me where Sydney Bristow is. The Federal building on Moorepark. They won't keep her there. What's the plan? There's a safe house. - When are they transferring her? - What time? 5:30. - 5:30? - I swear. Just so we're clear, you report this conversation and you'll never wear a hat again. I got it. No worries, I got it. We need a list of people who are aware of your double-agent status. It's a short list. Besides the CIA, only my father knows. - You've never told anyone else? - No. After what happened to Danny, I thought I'd keep my mouth shut. I'm gonna call the bank. I'm gonna quit for you. It's ridiculous. My job may seem pointless, but it's not. Far from it. If you knew what I dealt with every day, you might thank me for doing my job so well. What are you talking about? Nothing. I'm going to work. You have a hard time keeping secrets? No, I don't have a hard time keeping a secret. What I don't enjoy is lying to my friends, or being in a constant state of jet lag from flying to far corners of the world for a man I wish were dead. Sloane? Yes. Sloane. How often does SD-6 send you on operations? I keep busy. What does SD-6 want? What is their priority? - At the moment, it's Rambaldi. - What can you tell me about him? Milo Rambaldi was Pope Alexander VI's chief architect. He was an artist, an inventor. His designs were so technologically advanced that at the time they thought he was a heretic, and he was executed. Now, 500 years later, many believe he was a prophet. And SD-6, CIA, GRU, K-Directorate, the entire intelligence world is on a Rambaldi scavenger hunt. Why? They assume Rambaldi had some sort of master plan, which was recently confirmed following my trip to Argentina. In that book, Rambaldi refers to a single construction. The agencies don't know what it is yet, but they're all afraid the other guy's gonna get it first. I just have one more question. Do you believe Rambaldi was a prophet? Do you? You're not gonna let me go, are you? We're done for today. Get down! On the ground! Get down! - Don't move! - You! Come with us! Go! We've got a silver van. California plates. - You're gonna be OK. - What are you doing? Proving this is not about you. We'll explain when we get there. - Dad? - Honey. If the FBI are serious about the prophecy, it's the key to your innocence. The woman in it never saw Mount Subasio. So you're going. The FBI would have held you for months. SD-6 would have investigated, and you'd have been exposed. Going to Mount Subasio should prove... The FBI might have let me go. This makes them certain that I'm guilty! Escaping and crossing the border proves I acted in opposition to the US Government. It was either do nothing or take a risk to protect your cover. I'm a fugitive from justice! Once you're in Italy, we'll alert all agencies of your location. - You won't be a suspect. - You don't know that. We'll have protected a CIA asset. Your cover will be maintained. - The FBI won't make any noise. - We gotta go. I'll take you to the jet. Get in the trunk. What if the FBI was right? What if Rambaldi was right? What if he was talking about me? Then nothing we do makes any difference. If Rambaldi's right, there's nothing to lose. The cops are everywhere. - Contact me from Italy. - This is so we can speak. Alan? It's Steven. Listen, I need to tell you something that happened today. No, I'm not OK. I did a stupid thing and I'll take responsibility for it. Jack Bristow came to see me earlier. I told him about Sydney's transfer time. When? You alright? You didn't think about it. Not once. The possibility that Rambaldi could be right about me. - No, I didn't. - Why not? Cos I believe in you. Did you think I'd just throw anyone in my trunk? Transportation say four vehicles are out. I have their makes and licence plates. Ready? Take that car over there to Dozier Field. There's a jet waiting to take you to Italy. Be careful. You too. No. LAPD is in pursuit of a blue sedan. - Every day there's one of these. - They're stupid. - Why doesn't he give up? - Totally. He can't escape. It's stupid. Switch your engine off now! Look at that guy. It's the part where he gets out of his car and surrenders, every time. Oh, my God! - Yeah? - It's me. - Where are you? - I need to see you now. What happened? The plane is ready. You need to go now. I know, but I needed to see you first. I just drove a car into the ocean. I knew the police were waiting for me. I used the air from the tyres. I was breathing under water for ten minutes before I swam. And as that car started to fill with water, I knew what my mother had done in the same situation. - She could have planned it. - Sydney. It makes sense. She was deceitful. She was cruel. Ruthless. And in Rambaldi's prophecy he uses details, like that DNA sequencing. Dad, I inherited that. I mean, it's either Mom or me.