too small a gesture. Bill Vaughn dedicated his life in service and commitment for his country. His death in the line of duty is a tragedy for his loving wife and his young son. Did you see the front page? Yeah. - Here you go. - Thank you. So Laughton called me back from CIA archives. - About Nightingale? - Yeah. - When? - Yesterday morning. Why didn't you tell me? I was going to. He didn't find anything. We'll keep looking. I should get dressed. There could be a hundred reasons your father didn't register Nightingale with the CIA. Yeah, I know. Listen, have you seen my jacket anywhere? It's a setback, but there are people we can talk to. No, no, there aren't. Keys. Where the hell are my keys? We could bring it to A.P.O. They might be able to help us track -- We're not bringing this to A.P.O. The last thing I want is Sloane knowing I was investigating my father's death and him using that against me. We don't know your father's dead. Yeah. At this point, I do. After all the progress you've made, how can you just -- How can I just what? What have I got? Some journals in his handwriting that shouldn't even exist? And a word. One word. Nightingale. What the hell does that even mean? Some random woman mentioned it to me. I would have been better off asking for the goose that lays golden eggs. It wasn't some random woman. She was the woman who raised Nadia. I want to get to the bottom of this as badly as you do. We always thought my mother killed your father, but what if we were wrong? What if there was some other plan? - Do you have a minute? - Certainly. I need to ask you a favor. I was wondering if I could use your level six clearance to look at some files. In reference to what? They're not for me. They're -- It's for Vaughn, actually. I see. A month ago, Vaughn found a journal that belonged to his father. The entries ended in 1982. Mom killed bill Vaughn in '79, but we authenticated the handwriting. That proves nothing. Counterfeit artists are experts at graphoanalysis. I know, but it doesn't explain Nightingale. - What's Nightingale? - We don't know. Vaughn followed a lead in the journal that took him to a woman in Lisbon who knew all about Vaughn's dad -- that he rescued Nadia when she was a baby. She said that shortly after that he left looking for Nightingale. It could be a code name, it could be an operation. I know I'm asking for a lot. But I understand what Vaughn's going through. You also know how dangerous that search can be. Yeah, I do. Thank you. I appreciate you trusting me with this. It seems like we haven't really talked since -- Mom died. Feel free to come to me anytime. Looks like you have an audience. Not bad. Nightingale is the brainchild of Dr. Josef Vlachko, russian émigré we recruited into D.A.R.P.A. He vanished 25 years ago after running tests on human subjects. Nice guy. When he left, he took all the records of project Nightingale with him. That's  why you couldn't find anything. D.A.R.P.A. had to cover up the security breach. So if we find Vlachko, we might find something on my dad. Hans Dietrich, german money launderer. Last year he started branching out into higher-risk investments, mainly new weapons systems. He funneled over a million euros into an encrypted bank account labeled "Nachtigall" -- Nightingale. Dietrich's  office is located in Munich. He runs a beer hall on the ground floor. If we can get to his records, we might be able to find a lead -- something on Vlachko. Who knows? Syd, how'd you get all this? - My dad. - What? - He has clearance -- - Did you tell him everything? I had to. How much do they know? Uncertain. Apparently there were journals we couldn't account for. Hmm. Well, this should shut them down. We could turn this to our advantage. Let sydney and Vaughn obtain intelligence for us. I see. And you have no problem with that? Of course I do. But given our current obstacles, they might provide a lead we couldn't get on our own. All right, Jack. Give them a long leash. But just so we're clear, we cannot afford to be compromised, not even by your daughter. It won't come to that. No, I'm fine, thanks. Don't help. Ah, boo-hoo. "I'm gonna go up north and drink wine for two days while my friends stay here and work." It's called accumulated vacation, man. You use it or lose it. So you'll water the plants, and you'll send out -- Sydney, go. Have a good time. You know what? We could actually drive up and meet you guys. - We're busy. - Yeah. You got to eat. One meal. Yeah, that's what room service is for. Don't mind him. Have fun. We're crazy this weekend anyway. We got plans. You know, we're doing the, um, there's that, uh... Yeah. That's Dietrich. He's with his bodyguards. On the right is Dietrich's second-in-command, Carl Goedde. This'll be fun. No toys from Marshall. Cell phones instead of comms. Yeah. Now all we have to do is get Dietrich alone, convince him to show us his files on Nightingale. I can get him alone. Ja. Yeah? They're getting the check. They're almost out the door. Okay, okay, I'm almost there. Olga. Komm mit mir. Yeah? Hey, man, quick question. Eric, this is a really bad time. Where are you? Is that a party? Look, I'm gonna have to call you back. Romantic getaway's going that good, huh? Braids, fishnets. It's pretty spectacular. Somebody's getting lucky tonight. Bye! Where do you keep your financial records? - What? - Your business files. Where do you keep them? God! On my computer! Show me, or I'll break your neck. I will. Please don't hurt me. The guys down here are getting pretty antsy. - How you doing? - Give me 30 seconds. Uh, Mr. Goedde? Enacio Maldini, Europol liaison, organized crime unit. We've received complaints -- Don't tell me. Take it up with our lawyers. We have, and unless you want my entire office down here tomorrow, you'll listen to me. Low wages, no overtime, rampant sexual harassment. What? Sexual harassment? Auf wiedersehen. Okay, try it now. It's there. It's encrypted. It's gonna take a while. Yeah, well, as long as it's in there. Hello? - Say it's Weiss. - What? Tell your girlfriend that it's Weiss if you want to know about your father. Weiss. You got lucky in Munich, but Nightingale won't answer your questions. Only I can. Sherwood library. UCLA campus. Get there in an hour. The library will be closed, but the side door will be open. Yeah, you know what? I'll see if I can. What I have is for you alone. If you tell your girlfriend, she'll be dead by the time you get back. Okay, I'll talk to you later. What's going on? Um, nothing. He just wanted to grab a burger. You should go. I'll work on this. Besides, if Weiss gets suspicious... Yeah, yeah, okay. You want anything? No, thanks, I'll grab something later. All right. I won't be long. Take your time. Tell Weiss I said hi. I will. Yeah? "Through the looking glass." The illustrated edition. You've got to be kidding me. Listen, if you think I'm gonna inject myself, you're out of your mind. If I wanted you dead, I'd kill you right now. You want to know about your father? I give you two minutes to do the right thing. I traced Sydney and Vaughn's movement. They went to Munich. What did they find? Undetermined at this point. Jack, the plan was to let Sydney and Vaughn open doors that we couldn't go through and to pull them back if they got too far. I don't see much here in the way of containment. We have an option. I can go to Sydney, engender her trust, convince her to bring the case to A.P.O. Hmm. No, she's too intuitive. Considering your relationship, she'll see right through you, through us. No, she won't. I know exactly how to approach her. - Hello? - It's me. Dad, hi. I realize this is short notice, but I was wondering if you'd join me at Miceli's this evening. Um... Is it bad timing? No. I -- Hey, I was just hoping you might be free for dinner. I'll meet you there in 30 minutes. See you there. Mr. Vaughn. Welcome back. Don't worry. It's temporary. The paralysis should wear off in about 4 minutes, 20 seconds. Might sting a little, though. You know, the re-entry. Who are you? A man that could tell you about your father. But first what I want. That intel you stole from Dietrich will lead you to Nightingale. What I'm interested in is the transforming coil inside Nightingale. Are you out of your mind? I'm not the one who injected myself with an unknown substance. So now that we've established your desperation, it's a matter of how far you're willing to go. Why should I believe anything you say? Phillip Burke. B-U-R-K-E. Who's that? You look him up. And when you're done, you contact me. One time only. Make it count. Thanks for coming. I took the liberty of ordering a bottle of pinot noir. Okay. - You look very nice. - Thank you. So... Yes. Everything okay? It's fine. How's your investigation going? Vaughn's father? It's complicated, actually. You found something? The  intel on the hard drive makes it seem like Nightingale is an active project. Active? Vlachko was running it out of an abandoned nuclear reactor in Siberia. He's jerry-rigged enough nuclear power to drive what he needs. For what purpose? I'm not sure exactly, but the experiments are molecular. They're altering human DNA. There was a list of over a dozen human test subjects. All of them died. There's mention of the genetic markers AD9, but I don't know what it all means. Sydney, you have to bring this to A.P.O. Not until I talk to Vaughn. Vaughn doesn't know that people may be dying because of it. I gave you level six clearance because I trusted you. I'm asking you to trust me now. Bring this to A.P.O. If you really want to find answers, use the resources A.P.O. can provide. You have to discuss this with Vaughn first. I respect that. But the longer you keep this off-book, the worse this will look for both of you. The only way to proceed is honestly, above board. Promise me you'll tell Vaughn that. I promise. - She told you this? - Yes. Hmm. For 20 years, Josef Vlachko has been off the grid. Now we find him through Sydney, of all people. Well, I have to hand it to you, Jack. I never thought that you would be capable of exploiting your own daughter. I certainly couldn't do that. I could have a strike team on the ground in Siberia in 72 hours. That's a foolish course of action. Vlachko's our strongest lead to Yelena Derevko. With this intel, we need to act quickly. Sydney cannot know that I've betrayed her confidence. We wait for her to bring this in. And if she doesn't? She will. I asked her to. When she does, we'll draw up an ops plan requiring me to go along on the mission. Once there, I'll interrogate Vlachko without Sydney or Vaughn knowing. If our assumption is correct, Vlachko is communicating with Yelena. Once you've completed the interrogation, he needs to be eliminated. That's a little extreme, don't you think? No, I consider it a necessary precaution. He could alert Yelena to our agenda, or even worse, he could talk to Sydney, which would be a disaster. Unless, of course, you want to destroy everything we've worked for. "Phillip Burke killed in Laos. 10/21/79." They're identical. His name's Phillip Burke. CIA black ops agent killed in Laos the exact same date my father was killed. The autopsy reports show that Burke was shot with a Makarov pistol, the exact same make and model your mother used to kill my father. And there's more. Dental records. The ones on the left are Burke's, the set on the right are my father's. Oh, my god. I mean, we've always thought your mother killed my father, but what if she killed Phillip Burke instead? How would the CIA -- how would anyone -- Maybe the CIA didn't know, and someone wanted the world to think Bill Vaughn died and replaced him with Phillip Burke. Vaughn, where did you get this information? That phone call from before -- it wasn't Weiss. I went to see a guy named Roberts. I made a deal with him because he said he had information about my father. I can't believe you didn't tell me. Syd, he said he'd only talk if I came alone. I don't care. What you did was crazy. Yeah, and it paid off. This guy knows more, and he'll tell me. In return for what? He wants me to give him Nightingale. Some transformer coil. We don't even know what Nightingale is yet, and you want to just hand it over? We're just gonna shut down the testing. We're not gonna hand over the entire program. Just a part of it. Syd, we do missions like this all the time. Not on our own. Not rogue. My father wants us to bring this in to A.P.O. You talked to him again. Your father and Sloane will never let me keep technology like this for myself. And besides, I don't trust them. I don't trust anybody -- except you. Then what do you suggest? We come clean with A.P.O. like your father wants, we drop a mission that'll get us Nightingale, and then we run a countermission. Like the old days. Our stated goal is to retrieve the coil. But instead we keep it for ourselves. The only problem is, there's no way we can make a duplicate. We won't have time to make a fake one. So we have a plan "B." We need to retrieve the coil and shut down Nightingale. Assuming you enter the facility undetected, what then? Once inside, Vaughn and I will split up. I'll recover the coil while Vaughn takes care of security. Now, each door in the facility is key-code operated, but Vlachko operates out of the security station here. So I'll subdue him. I'll override all the locking mechanisms. That should get Sydney into the control room where the coil's held. What configuration did you say the reactor was running? RBMK. Then you'll need two people to retrieve the coil -- one to ensure the reactor stays in standby mode while the other enters the test chamber to grab the coil. Yeah. That's right. That means you're missing one man to override security. Then I'll join the team. As third man, I'll access the security system while you and Vaughn recover the coil. Once the mission is complete, we can bring Vlachko back for questioning. If we need a third man, Dixon is more than capable. Actually, Jack's experience will serve you well -- unless there's something about this mission that you haven't told me. No, sounds good. Home plate, we're in. Copy, five by five, Phoenix. Standing by. I'm going to the security room. We'll meet you back here with the coil. The more you cooperate, the less pain you'll endure. Sit down. Sit down! Shutting down security. Jack, are you with Dr. Vlachko? Yes, he's been subdued. Shotgun, Phoenix, unlocking the door to the control room now. Copy. Almost there. Okay, Marshall, we're at the control panels. Is the reactor online? Negative. We can see the transformer inside now. All right, open up the containment shield. That's where the coil is. Copy. Now release the lock to the test chamber. We've got the chamber open. I'm going in. Dismantling the pressure shield now. This will take a couple minutes. I need information, and I need it very quickly. I don't know what you're talking about. I know about Nightingale. If you know about Nightingale, what else can I possibly tell you? The location of Yelena Derevko. Yelena? - Tell me where she is. - I don't know. Ready to remove the coil. Where's Yelena? I told you, I don't know. You worked for her. You've been in contact. You couldn't have set this up without her help. That was years ago. I don't have time for this. Vaughn. Syd, the controls are fried. Can you get me out of here? - Tell me where she is. - I don't know! Home base, the reactor's coming online. It's coming online now. Vaughn, bypass the nuclear fusion switch. It's on the panel under the main controls. I have to run a bypass. Okay, is there an ethernet port next to the motherboard? Yeah. Okay, plug it in there. That should give me access to... All right, nice. That did it. I'm on their server. Vaughn, fuse the blue and yellow wire together to open the door. Syd, try the door now. It's still locked. Vaughn! Marshall, I can't bypass the door. Sydney is in the room with the reactor. Is there another way to shut down the core? Only if you remove the fuel rods. Marshall, I'm headed toward the core. No, no, no, do not do that. Exposure to that amount of radiation could kill you, okay? I can slow down the countdown, buy enough time to corrupt the reactor mainframe. Just give me some time. Take cover. No, Mr. Bristow, I see what you're doing. Don't go in there. I've almost got it. I can keep the reactor from coming online. I can. It's getting a little warm in here. Hang on, I'm working on it. Marshall, come on. Okay, almost there, almost there, almost there. Got it. The countdown's slowing down. Work some magic, work some magic, work some magic, work some magic, ... Marshall, what just happened? Total system shutdown due to core corruption. I did it. We did it. We -- All right, Marshall, Marshall, just free Sydney, would you? Oh, right, sorry. System's in reset. That shouldn't be a problem and free at last. Sydney. - You okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. "Plan B." I hate this. Vaughn. Are you sure? I love you. Yeah? Still? Remember what you promised? I'll let you know when I get there. Okay. Sydney. I couldn't stop him. It was Vaughn. He took the coil. I couldn't stop him, dad. Well, I don't understand this. Vaughn assaulted Sydney and stole the coil? Yes. And you believe her? Vaughn wouldn't go against us without a reason. From his father's journals to this rash action, someone must be feeding him information. A third party we're not aware of. Yeah, well, obviously this complicates our situation. Yes, I imagine this might bequite upsetting for you, Arvin. My not anticipating Sydney and Vaughn's deceit could be greater than your own. Have you thought about how we're going to deal with this? Jack? Hmm? Are you all right? Fine. Just tired. I'll work up some options retrieving Vaughn and the coil. Uh, Mr. Bristow? Mr. Bristow? Hi. Listen, I ran the diagnostics on the core reactor shutdown. - Remember, Marshall saves the day? - Marshall, this is not the time. Well, but I re-ran security protocols, and I checked them and rechecked them twice, believe me, because I couldn't quite understand -- Marshall, what is it?! I didn't shut down that reactor at all. - That's impossible. - No, it isn't. The printouts -- Listen, it is physically impossible for me to shut down that reactor from a remote location. I mean, given its particular status, it would have to be shut down manually. But that's impossible, too, because that would mean that someone -- that -- I mean, you. The only way it could happen is if you went in the reactor yourself.