also a double agent with CIA. Get down. I guess we'll just have to learn to trust each other. Bristow's CIA contact: Michael Vaughn. My guardian angel. Her current assignment: to infiltrate and destroy SD-6, a secret organisation dealing in espionage, extortion, weapon sales, posing as the CIA. SD-6 has made over $400 million in arms sales alone. The sanctity of this agency requires the sacrifice of some personal freedoms. This is not about cutting off an arm of the monster. This is about killing the monster. Bristow's mother: formerly Russian intelligence, recently turned herself in to the CIA. Mom? Intel indicates she may still be an enemy of the United States. The true loyalty of Agent Bristow's mother remains unknown. Previously on <i>Alias:</i> I could pay you to do research. All I need you to do is find out if any of these questions ever appeared on a standardised test in the United States over the last 20 years. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Five weeks ago you infiltrated one of your mother's laboratories in Taipei, where you discovered a Rambaldi device. We believe the device is the source of the virus. Unfortunately, you and Agent Vaughn may have been exposed. We'd like to draw some blood and keep you under observation. Agent Bristow, your tests came back negative for antibodies. You're free to go. Agent Vaughn, your tests at this point are inconclusive. You said Sark tested Patient Zero's blood at the first sign of infection. What was the sign? Haemorrhaging from the fingernails. This is Dr Nicholas calling. Thanks for getting back to me so soon. The thing is, I think I have a problem. I know you're worried, but we ran every available diagnostic test for viral infections. Everything that could be related to your exposure to the fluid inside the Rambaldi device. - They all came back negative. - Yes, I know. Under my fingernails, there's blood. OK, here's what we're gonna do. The virus isn't airborne, but as a precaution, I'm gonna send an isolation unit to bring you in. Don't send anyone. I'll come to you. But first there's someone I need to see. See them later. Right now, you stay put. I know what you did for me. Proving Sydney's father betrayed her in Madagascar. I would have been executed for that. Thank you. I didn't do it for you. While that might be true, I owe you my life. You owe me my father's life. In Cap Ferrat, I saw Khasinau experiment on people who'd been exposed to the liquid from inside the red ball. I want to know what he learned from doing that. - If he found a cure? - Yes. I know the terms are you only cooperate with Sydney, but this disease, it works quickly. I don't have much time. You're the one who's sick. Yes. Tell me how you feel about my daughter. That's none of your business. - Are you in love with her? - I don't know why that matters to you. I don't have the advantage of observing casual behaviour. - I'm curious. - Help me, and I'll tell you what you want to know. OK, tell me if this sounds weird. I mean, can we talk here? - A bug killer, in case anyone's listening. - Seriously? In the lipstick? What were you gonna say? I look up 20 years of standardised tests to see if any of those IQ-type questions Vaughn's interested in were used. And? They weren't - at least in none of the tests I looked up. But there was a year missing. And the Educational Testing Service didn't have a hard copy or a disk. I mean, it is like 1982 never existed. Maybe someone had a reason to make it disappear. You've got to try this bouillabaisse that I'm making. Here. What do you think? Too spicy? Too salty? - Perfect. - I'll be done in, like, two minutes. OK, great. - So it's weird, right? - There was an operation called Project Christmas. My father developed it. It used standardised tests, asking specific questions to identify children the Agency could later recruit. - Children? - It was an experiment. The KGB sent my mother here to steal details about the program. About that time, the CIA stopped the operation. Vaughn thinks maybe Russian intelligence is still running it to recruit Americans. - Hello? - We need you at Operations. I'll tell Francie you say goodbye. Hey. What's up? It's Vaughn. He's developed symptoms. What symptoms? The doctors said we were fine. Yes, but his exposure was far more extensive. He's developed some kind of a blood coagulation disorder. - Do we...? Are we sure that it...? - We're sure. Where is he? He came to see your mother about an antidote. Shortly after leaving the facility, he collapsed. - Is there an antidote? - Yes. It can be found in Paldiski. It's a former Soviet training base for nuclear submarine personnel. - Who operates the base now? - When Estonia gained independence, the local authorities graciously accepted our offer to take over the facility. I can tell you where it is in the facility, but even if you can get it, I can't guarantee anything. This antidote sounds almost as dangerous as the infection. - If Derevko's telling us the truth... - Which is a valid question. .. then the serum is a blood derivative, meaning you can't just go get the medicine and inject it into the sick patient. How would something like this work? You need blood from the patient, in this case Vaughn. The equipment that manufactures the serum reads the blood and creates a custom genetic-specific antidote for that particular patient. I'll need to take some of Vaughn's blood with me? - Yes. - This is Agent Chapman. He'll be running the op from here while your father leads the team into Paldiski. According to Derevko, the antidote is located at three separate decontamination stations within the former nuclear facility. We'll launch a Zodiac a couple of miles up the coast and drop you as close as we can. The plane's ready. You can spec out the mission in flight. You've got 30 minutes with Vaughn, maybe less. How much time does Vaughn have? There doesn't seem to be a consistent pattern, but the virus could act quickly. - Are we talking weeks, days? Just tell me. - Given his level of exposure, three days would be my guess. I'll buy time for us with Sloane. Go. Slumber, my darling Thy mother is near Guarding thy dreams from all terror and fear - Hi. - Hi. I talked to my mother. There's an antidote. I'm gonna go get it. - How dangerous? - Getting the serum? Nah, it'll be easy. But I need to take some of your blood with me, OK? Sweet visions attend thy sleep Fondest, dearest to me While others their revels keep I will watch over thee A couple of days, you'll be doing wind sprints. Slumber, my darling The birds are at rest Be careful. Wandering dews by the flowers are caressed Syd... I'm sorry. I'm so tired. Pray that the angels Will shield thee from harm - Vaughn. - He's bleeding internally. - Shall we prepare for a peritoneal lavage? - Yes. Have you called the blood bank? We've already typed and crossed for six units of packed RBCs. - Did you reach Dr Simon? - He's not on call. - But Dr Cozman is on his way in. - Wait, wait, wait. What's going on? - Is he gonna be all right? - We don't know. But you have to wait here. Your designated cover: you're with the State Department's Bureau of Arms Control. Your name is Rita Stevens. Give no details about his illness. Excuse me. Did they tell you anything? - No. - The paramedics called. "What was his last meal?" "Is he allergic to any medication?" I got to the hospital as fast as I could. So you work with Michael? Yeah. We're in the same bureau at State. I'm Rita. I'm Alice. I'm listed as his emergency contact. I'm Michael's girlfriend. Excuse me. I was contacted by an informant in Baku. He indicated that the Triad has set up a listening post near the Armenian border. I took the liberty of assigning the recon op to Sydney. I'll be on the next plane myself. I went ahead with the exhumation. I opened Emily's grave. It was empty. Have you checked with the funeral home, detailed a forensic unit to the grave site? - I saw her, Jack. - Maybe. You can't be sure. Emily's alive. And she knows what I did. So I am dead to her. If the Alliance finds out about this from another source... I just got off the phone with Kristof. I told him that someone was trying to make it look like I faked Emily's death in order to secure my position. - That was the smart play. - I'm not so sure. Even if they believe me, the timing might make it seem like I was looking for an excuse for my recent performance. Are there concerns? Since I was made a partner in the Alliance, SD-6 has consistently stumbled in its operations. We lost a terahertz wave camera. We failed to retrieve the formula for zero-point energy. We didn't acquire Derevko's operations manual. The situation regarding Emily has been a distraction. Informing them puts these setbacks in context. Kristof wants me to meet with him in Tokyo. I need a victory, Jack. I need to bring something tangible to the organisation. We have an asset in custody downstairs who is familiar with Derevko's operation. I suggest we take advantage of that. As the virus progresses, it causes something called "ascending paralysis". Your nervous system is being poisoned from your feet up. You see the paralysis is affecting the nerves that control your ability to breathe. Soon you will suffocate. Interestingly, you still have feeling where you're paralysed. You can still feel both pleasure and pain. Tell me, where is Derevko's base of operations? Please... I want a location. Smila. Smila. - Hey. Thanks for meeting me. - So I did the work you asked me to do, but please don't tell me you're chasing some alleged CIA conspiracy again. - I'm just helping out a friend, that's all. - Well, you can tell your friend the questions he's interested in weren't on the test in '82. Are you sure? Those ridiculously difficult spatial relationship questions, the ones about why rainbows occur, and why we have to be standing behind the sun to see them. - Yeah. - They're not on there. Sorry. Come on. Off the record, what's this all about? These are propulsion boots. You can do five knots with them. We drop you 100 yards offshore, you should be at the pier in under two minutes. Heckler & Koch P11 underwater pistol. Holds five rounds of trank darts. Thing's virtually silent. Good luck. I'm at stage one, outside the facility. Copy that, Mountaineer. We're standing by. I just spotted Sark. No need to remind you to stay out of sight. Our intel indicates that to use the serum generator, you need the security passcode. The jack in this computer, it's got a satellite link that'll let us get into their system and provide you with the code you'll need. I've got sat link. You should be receiving data now. Roger, Mountaineer. Stand by for the passcode. Two, six, six, four, seven, two, nine. Two, six, six, four, seven... - Wait. - What? The generator's a peripheral to the main system. The machine is connected to their central security system. If you try to generate the serum, their security system will be alerted. - Can we circumvent the system? - Not from here. Mountaineer, abort the op and head back. We'll find another way. Abort? We don't have time to find something else. If you use the machine, they'll know you're there. Then I'll run fast. You've been ordered to abort, Mountaineer. Do you copy? Sir, someone has accessed the decontamination room. Agent Bristow. Those pipes are rigged to disperse ammonia fluorochloride. Wonderful for decontaminating metals and concrete. Not so good on organic materials. Such as your suit. Or your skin. You and I, we're destined to work together. I truly believe that. Of course, any future collaboration requires my turning the sprinkler system off. Notice your suit is already being eaten away. I'd give it another 40 seconds. I could use your help. I need access to Arvin Sloane. - Why? - Because I intend to kill him. I can get you to Sloane, but only if you promise to let me keep the antidote. No. Sloane first. Then you get back your precious antidote. Sark had me taken to the decontamination room. He let me go. I came back here to Los Angeles. And Sark never asked who the antidote was for? - No, he didn't seem to care. - What exactly did you promise Sark? That I would find a way to render Sloane unconscious and deliver him to Sark. - So he could kill him? - Yes. There are just so many problems with this that I don't even know where to begin. - How about we start with Vaughn? - Do I need to remind you that American intelligence agents are not in the business of committing murder? Arvin Sloane killed my fiancé. I have had plenty of opportunities to return the favour, but I have chosen not to because, yes, I know, it's not what we do. It's what he does, and it's reprehensible, but we have no choice here. Vaughn could be dead in two days. What the hell would you have done? - You don't collaborate with the enemy. - There is no choice here. - Sydney... - I am not going to do nothing. Give us a minute, would you? Don't try and convince me not to work with Sark. That's not what I'm doing. I'm on your side here. We can't lose Vaughn. - So what do we do? - We don't go through Kendall. Push him and he'll run it through channels. This needs to be handled quietly. Sloane is scheduled to attend an Alliance meeting in Tokyo. I'll find out the details of his itinerary. My STU is not recognising my crypto-ignition key. I need it fixed. Do you know that polar bears can't be detected by infrared photography? The fur emits no heat. Nothing. <i>Nada. </i> Zip. I just thought maybe it would be applicable to something I've... Crypto-ignition key. I gotta do that from the server room. Excuse me. What's that? It's one of those standardised tests kids take. A friend from the newspaper is interested in me maybe tutoring his kid. "Reading comprehension essay based on our invasion of Grenada"? Yeah, it was weird. The only test I could download was from 1982, so at the height of the Reagan era, Cold War indoctrination. Well, back when I was listening to Duran Duran every single day, my uncle was one of the Marines Reagan sent into Grenada. The invasion was in 1983. I mean, why would the Department of Education give you a fake test? How can I get a hold of a copy of the original test? For the love of God, Will, have you lost your mind? - The whole test is a fake. - I got it from the Department of Education. Abby, look, I don't know exactly what this means, but it could be important. I spoke to our man in custody. All he gave us was a province in the Ukraine. Smila. I sent a team there to search for Derevko's headquarters. - So far they've found nothing. - When do you leave for Tokyo? I leave in one hour. I need you to help me, Jack. I need you to get Richter to talk, to tell us exactly where in Smila we can find Derevko's centre of operations. If I go to Japan without something tangible, something valuable, I don't know what the Alliance might do. It doesn't have to end this way. You could be made very comfortable. - All you have to do is give us an address. - Smila. Yes, in the Ukraine. Where in Smila? All we need is an address. Just tell me where the hell Derevko's operation is. You give me an address now, you son of a bitch. Where in Smila do we look? Smila... Smila is my wife. And I love her. I love her so much. Just kill him. Said 1982, right? There's a serial number, FYB 55L. Popular test. - "Popular"? - I got a call once from someone at ETS, said they were centralising their files. They wanted any originals. Can you remember if you put in any questions about spatial reasoning? Why would I do that? There's no statistical utility in asking questions maybe one in 10,000 first-graders could answer. Well, how would you explain a question like this, then? "How can rainbows be seen only when the sun is behind the observer?" This wasn't in the test I sent to ETS. I design the questions. I proof the test booklets they print up, and then when they send the final corrected copies, I put 'em on file. About how many first-graders took this test? They administered this in 33 states. That's over five million children. Sloane's on his way to Japan. He plans to stay at a yakuza-run ryokan, the Nayoshi Ginza. Use the numbers he gave you and contact Sark. Tell him we will hand him Sloane the night before his Alliance meeting. Tell me you agree with me, that we have no choice in this. Of course we have a choice. And it's a moment I never wanted you to face. To kill someone. I'm not talking about self-defence. I'm talking about premeditated murder. To be there when the door closes on him for the last time, knowing you are responsible. That is something you never came close to considering before getting to know your mother. - I'm on the grounds. - Good. My associate's just arrived to meet your father. - Is that the antidote? - Yes. But the briefcase is security-coded with a secondary system wired to a remote detonator. - As I expected. - Only Mr Sark has the security code. Until I receive word from him to release the serum, the case remains closed. - Approaching the building. - Good luck, Sydney. I don't need you to wish me luck, you son of a bitch. That's a wonderful attitude. God, I'm tense. Not a big surprise. I saw a man die yesterday. Do you understand? Yeah. He was in incredible pain. But it was the love he had for his wife that sustained him. I loved my wife, too. But I had to take action. You're so good, do you know that? Send the ambulance. All went well. Look, when I said "good luck" before, I wasn't mocking you. Call in for your man to release the serum. Hand over the antidote. The security code is 10-11-92. You'll stay here until we've tested it. It was nice working with you. - What's happening? - You've been asleep for 40 hours. - Am I dying? - Almost. Sydney got the antidote. The doctors say your blood levels are looking good. - How did she do it? - She had Sloane killed. It was only one hour ago It was all so different then Cos nothing yet has really sunk in Looks like it always did This flesh and bone Is just the way that you were tied in Now there's no one home Sydney. - Good morning. - Good morning. You know Mr Sark. I don't think we've ever been officially introduced. Mr Sark is now cooperating with us in our ongoing search for Derevko and the remains of her company. - He's cooperating? - This is a strategic alliance, Agent Bristow. Debrief him. Take down everything he knows about Derevko, and we'll see and decide about what goes on after that. It's so hard to move on Still loving what's gone Agent Bristow, working with you w... Don't worry. I pulsed the bugs. - We can reminisce. - What are you doing here? How...? I took the ambulance to a remote location, and then I revived him. Here's the situation: Rambaldi's true aim is a puzzle. I have certain pieces, you have others. Separately we'll never solve his mystery, but together, we cannot fail. How do I know you have anything real to offer? I can prove myself in two ways. The first is obvious: I intercepted communications indicating that there would be an assassination attempt on your life. As this conversation proves, I've prevented that. How do I know you didn't plan the attempt in the first place? Which brings me to my second piece of information. - What was on the piece of paper? - I'm afraid that's need-to-know. I got it from here. Thanks. You asked me some questions. I told you I'd answer them if you helped me. You did help me, and I thank you for that. I didn't do it for you. I'm trying to live a normal life, which was always hard, given what I do. But it's gotten harder since I've met your daughter. It's not that knowing her hasn't made my life better. It has. But it's also made it that much worse. - I think I've said enough. - The problem, Mr Vaughn, is that to the one person who matters, you haven't said anything. Listen, this may not mean anything to you, this may not be something you understand or appreciate, but we have rules. Very clear and important rules that govern the relationship between a handler and his asset. And between a man and a woman? Come to me now And lay your hands over me Even if it's a lie, say it will be all right Hi. Hi. I'm broken in two And I know you're on to me Thank you. When I'm so all alone But I do believe That not everything is gonna be the way you think it oughta be I heard about Sark. Sloane actually brought Sark to the Alliance, presented him as their new ally. - How did that go over? - Apparently Sark was a big hit. And thanks to me, Sloane's standing has never been higher. I shall believe I understand you met Alice. - She seems nice. - Yeah. She is. She's a good person. We have a lot of history. We're trying to, you know... - We broke up. - Yeah, you'd mentioned that. A couple of months later we saw each other at a friend's, and... - You don't have to explain. - No, I know, but I want to, because if things were the other way around... Seriously. Don't explain. I shall believe I'll see you tomorrow. Jack briefed me. He and Sydney broke protocol, but I'm glad it worked out. Excuse me. That not everything is gonna be the way you think it oughta be It seems like every time I try to make it right, it all comes down on me Please say honestly you won't give up on me And I shall believe