I'm not sure if I can do this, dad. It's hard being without him. You've got an active one there, just like mommy. You're suggesting that we abduct Sydney Bristow. Prophet five has Sydney. Synchro: Anyone Sixe Guilamu Transcript : Raceman Suggestions critics insults : aliassub@gmail.com There! This is field agent I.D. Black, seven, niner, three, sierra. Confirmation Foxtrot... Repeat, confirmation Foxtrot One. Status, M.I.A. I'm being held aboard a cargo freighter, registry unknown. Do it. Organize a deck-by-deck search and find her. Damn it! What did you find out? I have confirmation that Prophet Five is holding Sydney. I believe they've had designs on her from the beginning. They knew precisely where and when she'd be most vulnerable. They must have been tracking her. Have they made any demands? None. But whatever their intentions, for now, I have reason to believe they need her alive. Listen, Jack, we've seen Sydney come through some bad situations. Whatever you need, I'm here. For now, contact everyone you know, official or otherwise. I'll do the same. I'll let you know if anything comes up. Mr. Bristow! I just recovered a field transmission. - It's from Sydney. - Where is she? This is field agent I.D. Black, seven, niner, three, sierra. Confirmation fox... ...repeat, confirmation foxtrot one. Status, M.I.A. I'm being held... - Held where? What happened? - I don't know. Looks like the file's just corrupted. I can't seem to pull 'em up. You know what? It's okay. I just need the tags to triangulate the signal of origin. Then I'll have the exact location Sydney sent it from. Wait a minute. You know what? They're being deleted. This doesn't make any sense. It's like someone just wiped out the archive... Marshall, what archive? - Whose system are you logged into? - This must be wrong. It's not wrong. Gather everyone in the briefing room. No, we haven't located her yet. No, that won't be necessary. Should we prepare to welcome company? The transmission's been taken care of. We've cleared the lower deck. Still nothing. Then why are you still standing here? Moments ago, we receive a field communication from Sydney. >From the little we were able to decipher, it appears she's still being held in the custody of Prophet Five. However, before we were able to resolve the entire transmission, someone deleted it. Someone at Langley. Based on our current intel, we already have reason to believe that Prophet Five's network has infiltrated the intelligence agencies of several foreign governments. It now appears they may have infiltrated our own. Someone within the C.I.A. did not want us to receive that message. It's standard protocol for all incoming signals priority three and above to be automatically backed up on Echelon's comm. archive. Unfortunately, the only way to gain access to this archive is on the premises itself. Not an easy task, given security measures. Wait, are you suggesting that we break into C.I.A. Headquarters? Yes. Wouldn't it be prudent to consider other possibilities? Maybe the message was purged accidentally. We could ask Langley for a copy of the archives. I appreciate your concerns, but at this point we have no way of knowing how deep this conspiracy reaches. We can't risk tipping them off to our agenda. Effective as of this moment, all information relating to this task force and its activities is to be strictly compartmentalized even from the C.I.A. Itself. I understand what I'm asking of all of you. An action of this kind could be considered treason. Given that, if anyone feels they need to take a leave of absence, you're free to do so, No questions asked, but now is the time to speak up. All right then. We're wheels up in an hour. I want a visual inspection of every container on that deck. Post four, do you copy? Post four, reporting in. You tracked me with the radio. Not really. You're just predictable. A woman in your condition, shouldn't you be resting? Thanks. I don't plan on staying long. Turn around. Give me your radio. Whatever. But you should know that no one's coming for you. - We intercepted your message. - Nice try. My message didn't go through a relay, but directly to my people. That's not true exactly. Technically, it went to Langley. That's where it was intercepted. You're bluffing. If you really had an undercover asset within the C.I.A., Why would you risk admitting it to me? Because you're not getting off this ship. Dixon just called. They're in position. We're ready out here. I'd like to welcome everyone to the C.I.A.'s new headquarters building here in Langley, Virginia. Comprising 1.1 million square feet of space and resting on 258 acres, this building was an expansion of the original structure completed in 1991. Aside from the obvious human presence, there are over 5,000 surveillance cameras that watch over very inch of the complex and chemical and biological weapons detection sensors that monitor the air quality as well as various other state-of-the-art technologies that... if we told you, we'd have to kill you. Now if you'll follow me, you'll notice the commemorative plaque off to your right. It honors the unsung heroes of World War II, the intelligence gatherers of the C.I.A. Sidewinder, we're almost ready here. Roger that. Near security on my way to payroll. Hi, I have an appointment with human resources. Emily Higgins. Right. Just need an I.D. Sure. Sorry. Job interview. I'M... - I'm a little nervous. - I'm sure you'll do just fine. Please place your purse on the table. Excuse me, do you know where payroll is? I'm sorry, ma'am. We don't allow camera phones on the premises. You can pick it up at the security office on your way out. Okay, thanks. The third floor. Elevator's to your right. Sorry, there's a problem with my check. Yeah, just a sec. Ma'am, I'm actually... - I'm kind of in A... - Name? Thomas Grace. it says here you're no longer an employee of this agency. Yeah, that's actually why I'm here. I've had several back checks owed to me. I never received them. Well, our records show that all your checks went out, and they were cashed. That's impossible. It's usually the spouse that cashes them. I suggest you check with your wife. Look, I'm sure if you check your file again, you'll see that you're mistaken. Mr. Grace, I'm sorry. I didn't realize.. maybe there's something I can do here. Sidewinder, we're logging in to the server now. Look, I don't have six months to wait for the claim to be processed. - I understand, but... - I've got a mortgage to pay, so could you please just... just help me out? Connection's established. Sidewinder, stand by for the access code. All right, I'll check with my supervisor. Maybe he can help clear this up. Access code is Alpha, 7, Delta, Lima, 22. Copy that. I've got access. Outrigger, I'm approaching your 20. Copy. I'm going to need item number two. And here's another one of our display items. It looks like ordinary pocket change, but spies used devices like these during the cold war to smuggle tiny microfilm and messages. You can only imagine what's in use today. Oracle... you're clear to the server room. Call us when you get there. - She's in. I'm done here. - Copy that. Log out and move to the rendezvous point. Affirmative. I'm on my way. I'm at the server room. Guards are in position. Copy that. Stand by for the signal. Merlin, you're up. Titled "Kryptos," this sculpture was designed in part as a monument to the code breakers who helped crack the German Enigma cipher. In fact, as you can see, the sculpture is itself a code, apparently a very good one. To this day, no one has been able to decipher the message. - Now, if we move on... - I got it! Sorry, It just came to me. I play a lot of Sudoku. Excuse me, I'll just... if you could... I'll tell you more. The letters that are overlaid onto the coding sections, well, they act as a key to the cipher. Based off that, you just need to transpose the letters. Right? That's all you need to do, see? What's that? Maybe they found out I decoded the message. We should run! - Take it down a notch, Hamlet. - Please, everyone, we need to move quickly to the exits. Anthrax alert! All report to deck. I'm in. I need the server number - for Syd's transmission. - We're looking for 8577. 8577. Copy that. I found it. I'm pulling the archive now. Sydney's transmission is time-stamped 9:55 A.M. The archive's been purged. The message isn't here. Could you pull the hard drive? We still can recover the data. Okay, hold on a sec. It's no good. The hard drive is patched into the security grid. If I remove the drive, - it'll trigger the alarm. - Pull the hard drive. Langley will initiate a lockdown, Jack. We'll never get them out. Pull the hard drive now! I'll get you out. Make the call, Jack. Excuse me. I'm going to have to ask you to hold it right here. We're locking down the facility. Four in the north corridor. Sorry, everyone. It appears we're having a minor security incident. No one will be able to leave the building just yet. A lockdown? 30 seconds ago I got a call about an evacuation due to an Anthrax attack. There's a big difference. Evacuation means everyone has to leave. Lockdown means everyone has... No, he's with the delegation. I'm not gonna disturb him. And what could I tell him? I've got a great idea. Why don't you get your facts straight and then call me back? Great. Put in a call to state. Cancel my 4:00. And I cannot believe this, but I have to cancel my Pilates again. Eric, it's Jack Bristow. Sydney's in trouble. I need your help. What? Whatever you need. Outrigger, you copy? What's going on out there? The building's locked down. Are you at the rendezvous point? I'm stuck in the witness protection archives. The door must have sealed because of the lockdown. Hold your position. I'll see what I can do. What is it? Think he's here to arrest us? He looks like he's coming to arrest us. Ambassador Utland... - Yes. - How are you, sir? And you must be Mr. Cornish. it's a pleasure to meet you, sir. I am, Eric Weiss. I'll be your liaison. I apologize for the security problems that we're having today. Please, it's not a problem. I understand. These things happen. And I understand you have a meeting on the hill in 30 minutes. I'm here to make sure that you make that meeting. Thank you. I'll escort our visitors from here. All right, Jack briefed me. What's going on? Tom's trapped in witsec records. Rachel is still in the Echelon server facility. You know what, witsec records is in the northeast corridor. This should get you in through the door, and Marshall and I can handle Rachel. - It's good to see you. - Yeah, you too. Tom? What were you doing here? I got detoured. I needed someplace to hide. Come on, we need to move. Okay, got it. That's not good. - Where is she? - There. Okay, what's her call sign? - Oracle. - Oracle, listen to me very carefully. - Who is this? - Right now I'm your superior. I need you to do exactly as I tell you. There's a guard that's about to go right down the row that you're in. I need you to turn left. Make a left right now! Make a left! Good, good, good. Okay, go straight. Keep going straight. - Weiss, look - Okay, stop right there! Stop. Marshall, how long with that door? Just give me 10 sec. All right, when I say "go," run as fast as you possibly can towards the doors at the far end. Don't stop. We will have those doors open by the time you get there. - Okay, got it! - Okay, go! Sorry. I forgot to hit "enter." Okay, now go. How'd it go? Not well. Don't worry. He's with us. Eric Weiss. Rachel Gibson. Thank you for the help back there. Oh, my pleasure. Any luck with Sydney's message? They wiped the backups. We may be able to run data recovery on this, but if they went to all the trouble of deleting the message, I don't think they'd be careless enough to leave any traces behind. Better get a move on. Take this tunnel to the end, it leads at the southeast edge of the complex. I have to go back inside to delete the surveillance footage. Oh, if you hear anything about Sydney... - We will. - Okay, and one more thing. Next time, just call. Care to tell me exactly where we're going? This ship has lifeboats. We're taking one. Good idea. You'll be spotted the minute you step on the deck. Not if you order your men to search the lower decks. Do it. Get in there, go. Make a sound, and you're dead. Something's wrong, isn't it? Move. Whatever you say, but you don't look so good. Stop, stop! Come on. What is this? Why is this here? You have until three to start giving me some answers. One... two... Oh, no, no, no, no, you must not move. What are you doing to me? Just be still. The doctor is on the way. What doctor? Just tell me what's wrong. Is something wrong with my baby? I need to tell them you're awake. You should be still. Wait, please don't go. - I will come back soon. - Wait! You can crack into this hard drive and find Sydney's transmission? Uh, cracking Langley's encryption won't be a problem. I wrote a program that can handle anything under 512-bit encoding. I can't seem to recover Sydney's transmission. Whoever wiped it used a secure deletion program. Basically, it rewrites random junk over it hundreds of times. Yeah, but the original data's still there, so it should be retrievable, right? Well, yeah, if I had an electron microscope and two weeks, maybe. I think we found something in the hard copies of the server logs. Check line 522. Looks like an authorization tag. That's what I thought. Well, this tag has an "A.B." Prefix. But that means whoever authorized the deletion of Sydney's transmission had Alpha Black clearance. What's alpha black clearance? Alpha Black is the highest clearance level within the C.I.A. If Prophet Five has ties to the C.I.A.'s upper echelons, that would give them unlimited access to all classified operations, undercover agent rosters, our entire infrastructure. The good news is that if whoever deleted Sydney's message had Alpha Black clearance, well, that narrows our list of suspects down to just a handful of guys. Only seven people in the entire agency have it, all of them division directors. Aside from that, the only other thing that these guys have in common-- they were all assigned a modified version of the standard S.T.U., - A secure cell phone. - What are you thinking? Well, each cell phone broadcasts a unique device I.D. Now it took some digging, but I was able to match the Alpha Black authorization code from the server logs to the cell phone I.D. Of the person in question. So does that mean we know who it belongs to? Not exactly. I mean, for security purposes, Langley doesn't put names to numbers, but if you can get within just 50 feet of that person's cell phone, I might be able to scan it and see if it matches. We'd have our guy. We could divide into teams, put all 7 of them under surveillance. That could take days. Whatever Prophet Five has planned for Sydney, we can assume we don't have much time. I have an idea. - Gentlemen. - Jack! It's been a long time. How's life underground treating you? Good, always full of surprises. I can imagine. Can't say I miss it. Scanner's hot. Jack... we've got connection here. So, Jack, you care to enlighten us as to why you called an operations meeting at 8:00 on a Friday? I didn't call you all here for an operations meeting. Given that all of you have Alpha Black clearance, most of you may already be aware that A.P.O. has been investigating an organization known as Prophet Five. What may, however, come as news to you is we have reason to believe that someone within our own agency is in collusion with this organization. Someone with Alpha Black clearance. What have we got so far? Four down, three to go. Still nothing. The reason I've gathered you all here, if it isn't obvious by now, only seven people in the entire agency have this level of clearance, and all of them are sitting in this room. Oh, come on! Jack, this is absurd. Are you suggesting that one of us is working for a terrorist organization? That's exactly what I'm suggesting. I got a match. Jack, we've got a signal match. One of you is working for Prophet Five, and we have your number. That's enough. This meeting's over. Go. Jack, what in the hell are you doing? Tell me where Sydney is. Do yourself a favor. Stand back. I'm going to give you one chance. - Where are they holding my daughter? - What the hell... I don't know what you're talking about. Wrong answer. Stop, for god's sakes, Jack! I sealed the doors! Where she is? You're crazy! Answer me! "the Athena"... cargo ship... Where is the ship? The north Atlantic... Did you get that? We got it, Jack. We're on it. - What is that? - Something to make you relax. But... Marshall, can you find the cargo ship where Sydney's being held? There are miles and miles of ocean here. It's like looking for a needle in a haystack. What if you patched into the radarsat? Overlay it on the optical feed. Right. That's genius! Okay, it looks like multiple radar returns. No, ignore those. It's a commercial shipping route, heavily patrolled. They wouldn't run the risk of random inspection. Right. There, that one. It's in international waters. A ship that size wouldn't typically be that far out. Got it. - Hello? - We have a hit. Marshall's uploading the coordinates to your onboard G.P.S. You're clear to go. Understood. All right, let's move out! What else besides abdominal pains? Dizziness. Her complexion was pale. Any trouble breathing? Yes. Hello, Sydney. - You... - I understand you've had some trouble. Don't worry. We're going to take care of it. It's good you called me. Let's take this off her. You bitch. What did you do to me? My job as your doctor, Sydney, nothing more. I understand this must be hard to accept, but it would be much better if you could just relax now. Sydney I'm going to need you to hold very still. I have to draw a sample of amniotic fluid. You can go to hell. Please, I need you to listen. This is a delicate procedure. Any sudden movements could risk the health of your baby. Please don't. This might pinch a little. Prep the room. We need to start right away. Sierra one, what's your status? We're en route and closing! E.T.A. 2300. You're sure she gave us the wrong information? What if you... no, I'm not doubting you. I-I just don't see how that's possible. What do you mean? How far out? I'm not sure that gives us enough time for what... Of course. Yes. I'll let you know as soon as it's done. Our timetable's changed. You're going to need to work quickly. - We're just about to start. - How long? About an hour. We've got about 40 minutes. Let me know the second you're finished. Please... Just relax. I'm going to take care of you. I don't like this. Where are they? They've probably taken a defensive position below deck. We'll split into teams. You start clearing from the aft forward. We'll come around the other side. - Outflank them. - Let's go! Where is everybody? It's all clear. Bravo, we're all clear here. They must have known we were coming. The ship's been abandoned. Not entirely. What do you mean? Come down to the infirmary. Syd, are you all right? I can't move. Get the helicopter ready. We'll need to medevac her out of here. Dixon, is the baby okay? It's going to be okay, Syd. I'm sure you're quite pleased with Sydney's return.</i> You, however, made a grave error, Mr. Sloane.</i> You should have contacted us the second your agency identified our ship.</i> If you recall, I tried contacting you earlier regarding this matter. - I was told... - Don't play games with me. I am aware of your fondness for power,</i> so I imagine this arrangement is less than desirable for you. If you value your own daughter's life,</i> from this point on, you are not to take a single action</i> without clearing it with us first.</i> As far as you're concerned, we own you.</i> Is that clear enough? Yeah, yes, that is perfectly clear. You may consider this a victory right now,</i> but you should understand every action has consequences.</i> We'll be in touch soon. - Hey, do you have a minute? - Yeah, sure. You know that decryption program I wrote? Somebody accessed it when I was out of my office. We should tell Jack about the breach. With all that happened... I was able to recover the data that was decrypted. When you were in Langley, tom accessed the witsec archives. - Amanda Grace. - Yeah. Did you know he was married? No. This is the guy that did it. Yeah, I think that's who tom was looking for. Hallo, Karl. Dr. Meither to C.C.U. Dr. Meither to C.C.U. Sweetheart... I'm sorry it took me so long. They just keep running tests, but nobody's... they won't tell me... I know. They wanted to be sure. And? It's okay. Whatever it is, I can handle it. It seems there was a crisis with your pregnancy while you were on that ship. Sydney, the baby's fine. It's fine. What they did to you on the boat, you were suffering from something called placental abruption. They corrected the problem. They weren't harming the baby. They were saving its life. Why? Why would they do that? We're not sure. We don't know what it means, but I promise you, we'll get to the bottom of it. Oh, Sydney. While I was on the ship, they... they tried to extract information, but I lied to them. Not here. Mr. Bristow, I'm sorry, sir. That's time.