God, what are you doing? Give me the gun, Lauren. Sark said you might back out. Did the forensics check out? Yes. The official cause of death was suicide. Do you accept that? At this point I have no reason not to. In going through the senator's effects, we discovered evidence that for the past year, he has been consulting with you regarding Rambaldi's work. As a result, we have been given authority to officially revoke your pardon agreement. In two weeks, you'll be executed by lethal injection. The box you lost has not been opened since the time of Rambaldi. It was rumoured to contain the strain of a plague-like bioweapon capable of killing millions. This bioweapon. What do you know about it? Only that The Covenant refers to it as The Passenger. I placed something powerful in that box. And now The Covenant has it, and that terrifies me. I secured that box so it could be opened by keys that Rambaldi himself had hidden. Bomani and Sark found the keys. Which means they have the heart. The Di Regno heart is an engine designed to power Rambaldi's ultimate creation. Il Dire. Which means "The Telling." What they will witness is nothing short of a resurrection. As if Rambaldi is reaching through the centuries to deliver a message. He's speaking. The Covenant is after The Passenger. How will Il Dire help them obtain it? If I help, will you stay my execution? No. I will not. We're done here. I'll talk to Jack Bristow about The Passenger. There will be no deal. You make that quite clear. There's been some cyber attack. Dixon's ready to brief us. You know, Syd, no one would blame you if you hated him for going back to her. He's not the one I hate. How horrible does that sound? I'm mad at her, and I don't even think he's cute. But it's not just about them being together. My dad thinks Lauren's leaking information to The Covenant. Didn't Senator Reed confess to being the leak? Yes, and his confessions answered the questions my father had raised, but I can't help it. I still have doubts. Let me just ask you a question. Do you think she's the mole, or do you want her to be the mole? 12 hours ago, a large-scale cyber-terrorist attack was launched. This computer virus originated from a server in Berlin, infecting servers throughout Europe and Asia. It's estimated that within 24 hours, it will consume over half of all Internet bandwidth. This particular worm targets medical facilities, universities, laboratories, hospitals. To date, 20 terabytes of patient medical records and databases have been corrupted. We believe The Covenant is behind this? We know The Passenger is a bioweapon. Given the targets, we're assuming The Covenant is launching a precursor attack. Maybe they're trying to shut down the treatment facilities. Weaken medical response capabilities. Are these our only leads? Actually, no. This code has all the trademarks of a hacker known as Cypher. Guess what. He operates out of Berlin. Vaughn, Sydney, go to Berlin and identify him. Confirm he created the worm, and find out how we shut it down. See Marshall for your op-tech. You leave in two hours. Okay, hackers are a paranoid bunch. The one we want is known as Cypher. He's kind of a celebrity in the on-line community. But in the real world, it's like he doesn't exist. Don't worry, 'cause, lucky for you, I kind of have a name in the hacker community myself. Black Kitty. Anyway, I was able to penetrate Cypher's network and track him down to an IRC chat. Tomorrow night, he'll be at a club in Berlin. How do we identify him? Well, that's where these come in. Now, not only are they a freshy-fresh pair of glasses. Hello. They're also a wireless sniffer. Cypher uses a digital system with a unique code. I've programmed the sniffer to seek it out. Now, all you have to do is press this button right here, and it will hack into his computer and send him a message. Pretty cool. Are we sure he'll have his computer? Does a cowboy leave his gun at home when he goes to the saloon? Alright, trust me. He'll have it. How long before we match the sequence from Il Dire? The worm has reached Latin America. By this time tomorrow, the database will be complete, and we should have a perfect match. I received a call from my associate. By associate, I assume you mean Miss Reed. Yes. It seems the CIA is more industrious than we'd assumed. They've discovered the identity of our hacker friend. She's taking care of him. This girl. Her work for us of late has been uneven. Il Dire is in our possession because she managed to steal it from the CIA. She is a considerable asset. An asset for you in ways that do not interest me. I will stake my reputation on her abilities. And I will hold you to your word. But understand... if you are mistaken, you both will endure the consequences. I could go with you. You're going to Berlin. They can send someone else. You shouldn't do this alone. I won't be alone. Mom will be there. My father's will made it clear he wants his ashes scattered in Dover. The last thing I need is another person close to me letting the CIA down. No one's judging you. You see the way they look at me. Like I'm a traitor, too. To tell you the truth, I don't blame them. People are just angry. And I'm not? He was my father. You have no idea what it's like to know someone, love them, and then figure out it was nothing but lies. I'm sorry. Getting anything? Not yet. That's him. Nice trick. I'll have to readjust my firewall settings. I could still get through. I don't believe we've met. We're big fans of your work. Perhaps you've heard of our work. The DDOS attack on the Syrian government's network. Shut them down for a week. That was you? Nothing compared to what you've got going on. Clever coding. That worm's going to be circulating for months. I think you have me confused with someone else. I didn't design that worm. And even if I did, you could never prove it. So if you'll excuse me. Sit down. We're CIA. I know you people get your power trips by designing viruses, breaking into systems. But you have designed a worm that is helping a terrorist organisation Iaunch a biological weapon. Once your employers complete what they've set out to do, you will be guilty of murdering thousands of people. He didn't tell me. Who's he? He didn't give a name. He was young, British. Why is the worm attacking medical facilities? That was not its function. They asked me to engineer a worm that was capable of... I'm going after the shooter. Sorry. We have a problem. He had the files with him. He gave them to the CIA. If they have the source code, they can stop the worm. We will lose everything. There's time, if I corrupt the files before they make a copy. That's an extreme risk. Letting Bomani know I failed isn't? You'll hear from me soon. Dixon has given me clearance to talk about one thing only. The Passenger. I've told you everything I know about The Passenger. I used that as a pretext so Dixon would allow time with you. This is not a time for games. This is no game, Jack. This is my life. The CIA wants me executed next week because they believe I was working with Senator Reed. I was. My association with Senator Reed had nothing to do with advancing The Covenant's agenda. Two years ago, Senator Reed recruited me to work for an organisation inside the U.S. government. They refer to themselves as The Trust. He indicated he was interested in my knowledge of Rambaldi. He made me an offer. If I was to agree to work with him, he would secure my pardon. And from that time on, I did nothing but live up to my part of the bargain. I've never heard of The Trust. The senator was my only contact. Why haven't they come to your aid? I don't know. Maybe they were fearful of revealing themselves. Or it could be that I outlived my usefulness. But you ask yourself, Jack. Have I been helpful this year? Tell me, have I lived up to my word? I helped Sydney recover her memory. I took a bullet for you, for God's sake. Well, now I need something in return. I need you to prove that this group exists. I was serving my country, Jack. Not betraying it. I'm connecting the flash drive Cypher gave us. Let's hope all his files are here. Cypher's dead. It was the hospital. He didn't make it through surgery. Vaughn, I think I saw Lauren. What? In the club after the shooting. The Covenant knew we were after Cypher. What are you saying? Lauren is Covenant? I can't be sure. The shooter was wearing a wig. It was dark. Lauren's father was the one passing intel to The Covenant. He killed himself. Don't you think it's convenient he died taking the blame for the leaks with him? Are you suggesting Lauren framed her father? I know it's hard for you to consider. For me? My wife just found out her father was betraying her. - But if I saw her. - You didn't. Lauren and her mother are in England burying her father. I know things haven't worked out the way we'd hoped. You think that's why I'm bringing this up? Honestly, I don't know what to think. Dixon told me I might find you here. I had to see you. I thought I hated him, but when Mom and I got there. Those cliffs. I don't know how many times Dad and I took walks there. In the States he was never around, but in England it was different. Being there, remembering him that way, he didn't feel like a traitor. He was just my father. While we were there, Mom gave me this. Dad had given it to her when I was born. She thought I might like to have it. It's gonna be okay. Hello? Hello, Mrs. Reed. I'm sorry to disturb you. This is Kathleen from Director Pembroke's office. I have the director holding on a secure line for Lauren Reed. I was told she could be reached at this number. No, Miss Reed's not here. She's in Berlin. I'm sorry. I didn't realise she was leaving London so soon. If you don't mind my asking, when did she leave for Berlin? She left here just a few hours ago. Would you like me to give her a message? No message. Thank you. It's been a long time, Jack. I need information regarding a covert committee within the U.S. government. It's called The Trust. If there were a group, where would appropriations come from? Intelligence budgets are classified. What makes you assume it's Intelligence? I need evidence this group exists. These people are powerful, Jack. Enquiring about them will put me at risk. Why should I do that? Because then I will be in your debt. I'm sure you remember how useful that can be. Marshall's standing by. As soon as we copy the memory, we'll uplink it to him. How far along are we? Almost a quarter of the way. Here you go. Michael says you've been awake all night. I'm good, thanks. Maybe later then. I've got some pretty bad news. The memory on Cypher's flash drive was wiped. I think it was exposed to a strong magnetic field. How is that possible? Seeing that we haven't had any solar flare activity within the past 24 hours, I'd have to say it was done intentionally. Could Cypher have corrupted the data before he handed it to us? It's possible he had a fail-safe, but I haven't found any evidence. We've lost everything? Not everything, thanks to me. And electron microscopy. I've been able to partially reconstruct his files, including the worm's source code. You guys ready? That thing isn't purposely destroying data. That's a side effect. It's collecting information. It's what's called an intelligence-gathering worm. The Covenant are looking for something. What? I haven't figured that out, but I've tweaked the worm's source code so it won't destroy more data. All the data it is collecting is being rerouted to our server. Whatever The Covenant's looking for, we're going to get it now. CIA cut the feed? I'm trying to get it back. Tell me why I shouldn't snap your neck right now. In case it escaped your memory, I secured your release from that Siberian prison. This work is as important to me as it is to you. No one will jeopardise that. I clearly overestimated Miss Reed's abilities. A little too late for that. Yes. But she's still on the inside. I will make sure she re-acquires the information the CIA stole from us. Once she passes it along, she will be eliminated. See we get that information as soon as possible then. This cannot be a coincidence. Do you believe Lauren would corrupt the files with you and Vaughn watching? If she were desperate enough, yes. Dad, if Lauren really is The Covenant mole, if she did assassinate Cypher, she could never have anticipated he'd have the code on him, let alone give it to us. And what about Vaughn? I've tried talking to him. He won't entertain the possibility. It's like he can't hear it. Perhaps he can't hear it from you. Sydney spoke to you. All I ask is that you hear me out. My marriage with Irina, in spite of everything, was a happy time for me. It was easy being with her. But there were times, moments, when I became curious. How had she occupied her morning? What were her plans while I was out of town? Usually she told me, but occasionally she'd stop what she was doing, walk over, and offer me a kiss. A spontaneous gesture. But on one occasion it struck me. This impulsive kiss. What if it was an evasion? Camouflaging the truth in an expression of love? I dismissed my concern immediately. Merely my professional paranoia. After all, she was my wife. I don't regret having married her. I have Sydney because of our time together. What I do regret is once I saw signs of her duplicity, once I sensed her betrayal, I chose to ignore it. All I'm asking is that you be responsive to the signs if and when they present themselves. You never respected me. Never thought I was worthy of your daughter. I'm not surprised you're quick to think Lauren is betraying me. But whether or not you or Sydney believe me, I know the life I'm living, and I know the woman I am married to. Lauren is not Irina, and I am definitely not you. This is what The Covenant was looking for. DNA? The worm was designed to cross-reference genetic databases, searching the entire globe for one person. Judging by the double-X chromosome, I'm saying female. Have they found a match? That's a good question. There are 10. 10 matches to one code? That's impossible. Unless they're identical dectuplets, which is a statistical impossibility. Or if the person uses different identities. We should brief Dixon immediately. Have you seen Lauren? Yeah, she's in Marshall's office. Thanks. - You scared me. - I was looking for you. I was leaving a present for Marshall. Well, for Mitchell. Don't worry. Your name's on it, too. I was gonna have lunch. Cafe Stella. I've got to run a few errands. Need some company? I've got time. You don't have to do that. I'll see you there in an hour. Okay. Sure. Is this line secure? There's been a change. No dead drop. You'll be meeting with a Covenant agent. - Who? - Me. I'm in the parking garage, third level. My situation is precarious. This is not the time to change protocol. Run a tap on Lauren's cellphone. We devised a new plan regarding The Passenger. Bomani's instructed me to meet with you face-to-face. I'm surprised. I'd assumed that given what happened with Cypher, Bomani would be furious with me. We rely on you. You know that. The call's encrypted. She must be talking to the NSC. Try running it through the filter. Get off the escalator. I'm in the northwest corner. You came all this way? Okay, okay, almost there. We need to talk. There are other ways to make contact. Yes, but he insisted that I meet with you face-to-face. What else did Bomani tell you? Did he instruct you on the quietest way to murder me? Absolutely not. You pathetic little errand boy. Tell Bomani he'll get proof of my worth next time he sees me. When I deliver The Passenger. I got it. After all we've been through, how could you do this? I thought I could rely on you. I'll never forgive you for this. Okay. What the hell was that? I have no idea. Sorry I'm late. That's fine. I was late myself. How were your errands? They were fine. Yeah? What did you do? Just things. Okay, like what kind of things? Truth is, I got a call from my mother. She kept bombarding me with questions about my father, wanting to know why I didn't see it, why I didn't stop him. It was like she was blaming me. I was just so upset, so I wandered around the mall. What's the matter? I'm just sorry you had to go through that. The 10 names on Marshall's list were aliases for the same woman. It's possible this is what Il Dire gave Sloane. A way to identify this woman. We ran background checks on all her identities. Records revealed she was treated by the same physician. A Dr. Robert Viadro. His practice is based in Milan. Vaughn is on his way in now. You two leave tonight. Good afternoon. Dr. Viadro? Yes. I need to speak with you. It concerns The Passenger. Who sent you? The Covenant? That is none of your -- Good. We have some privacy. Where is The Passenger? I said, where is The Passenger? She's safe. Rambaldi. I'll go check upstairs. You had to make this difficult. It's terribly painful. Still, none are fatal. Damn it! Tell me what I need to know! I'll tell you. The Passenger. I have betrayed her. I have betrayed her. Betrayed who? Years spent protecting her. And now she's alone. Who's she? Who are you protecting? Those guards were Order of Rambaldi. You're the one. The one from the prophecy. - Wait! - Drop it! You will not hurt her. Keep this in a safe place. Here it is. Everything you need to find The Passenger. You went to great lengths to secure this information. Thank you. I trust this removes any doubts concerning my usefulness. Yes, yes. You've done well. Unfortunately, The Covenant has no more use of your services. I went to Los Angeles to warn you, not kill you. Perhaps in the future, you should try trusting me more. Sloane told you the truth. The black budget front for The Trust is Project: Centigrade. Details have been left for you in the usual place. I am in your debt. A fact which I hope to benefit from someday. Be careful, Jack. The Trust is not a group to be taken lightly. I need to speak with you in private. Do you recall that I requested Dr. Barnett's notes from her sessions with Sloane? Yes. Did they reveal anything? Yes. There is something in the notes that concerns you. In one of his sessions with Barnett, Sloane admitted having an affair with Irina while you were married. I found no evidence of the existence of a so-called Trust. I find that very hard to believe, Jack. A man with your contacts. I've done everything I can. I'm afraid the secrets you keep are hard to uncover. Some of them you'll have to take to your grave. If I die, I won't be able to help you find The Passenger before The Covenant does, Jack. You have no idea how that will affect you. You and Sydney. Dad. I heard what happened with the doctor. We were wrong about The Passenger. It's a person. The doctor sacrificed his life trying to protect her. When he saw me, it was almost like he recognised me. Like I was his worst fear come to life. Dad, when he tried to kill me, he was trying to protect The Passenger from me. Sloane told me that after Il Dire said "peace," he searched for every possible meaning in that message. He traced the etymology of the word to its Greek form, "eirene." Also the derivation of the name "Irina." Sydney, I think The Passenger may be your mother. I'm looking forward to a weekend alone. Me too. So, what did you do