She was the mother all of us wish we had. - Emily, we did it. - Are you sure it worked? Yes, my love. We're free. I've been sent here to investigate Michael Vaughn. It's come to our attention that over the past three months, Mr Vaughn has been in contact with a number of unapproved foreign operatives. You're being investigated? If there is some explanation for what you've been doing the past four months, I need to hear what it is. Right now. You suggest that we allow Irina Derevko to make contact with Arvin Sloane? I've had 20 years to reflect on that woman's ability to deceive. Trust me. If she lies to me again, I'll know it. I realise the plan was for Mr Sloane to meet you here, but for security reasons I'm afraid that's impossible. If you get in, I'll take you to him. We've lost downlink. Jack, we're blind. You'll have to follow her from your end. - Activate the tracking device. - I can't. Step out of the car, please. Thank you for extracting me. Freeze! We have a casualty. Woman down. We need a medic. They'll probably keep me in debrief for a while. You'll be OK. - If you never see me again, it was fun. - Oh, shut up. - Mr Vaughn. Mr Yeager would like to... - Talk to me. Yeah, I know. - Dad. I need to talk to you about Vaughn. - I know he's under investigation. He's innocent. He was investigating Mom. It wasn't treason. Sydney, the operation in Panama didn't go as planned. What happened? Is Mom OK? Your mother betrayed us. Betrayed the CIA. Her meeting with Sloane was staged to secure her escape. You don't know that. Sloane could've set up the meet to abduct her. Before the operation, she swapped the Rambaldi manuscript. She left us with a fake. She and Sloane are now in possession of the original. Sydney, they planned this. I heard... about your mother. I'm... so sorry. There's a briefing in ten minutes. They're drawing up a plan to capture Sloane and your mother. I'm supposed to tell you you're not obligated to go. My mother's earrings. They found a note she left. She wanted me to have them. Just now, when my dad was telling me, the first thought I had was that she was dead. That she's been killed. I had this whole thing in my head, that she died proving herself... a hero. No one can be blamed for trusting their own mother. I wish that she had been killed. I still have operatives in St Petersburg, Madrid and Cairo. - How reliable? - They're loyal. Good. You? Are you all right? - The extraction went well. - I'm asking about you, Irina. - I'm happy to see you again. - I was thinking the same thing myself. What about the genetic database? Sark and I will meet you back in Zurich as soon as we've acquired it. - You'll have the files soon. - Good. I'll be in Tuscany. With Emily. - How is she? - She's in remission. The hard part for her now is missing the people that she had to leave behind. Especially Sydney. You know how much we loved her. As if she were our own. Excuse us. - I see through you. You must know that. - This is who I am. You may need to think of yourself as an honourable husband or father-figure, but I don't. I will never see that man in you. Which, frankly, is why we have this agreement. You need to get some rest. Never... talk to me about your love for Sydney again. Get some rest. As many of you know, our attempt to capture Arvin Sloane failed. We believe that Irina Derevko, while in our custody, somehow contacted Sloane, informed him of our intention to apprehend him and used it as an opportunity to escape. Due to Jack Bristow's intimate knowledge of the fugitives and his long-standing written record of accurate predictions regarding Derevko, Langley has given him operational control of this task force. In all likelihood Sloane and Derevko have formed a strategic partnership. As of this morning, our single aim will be their apprehension. Derevko has been tagged with a passive tracking device. Excuse me, sir. Sorry to interrupt. By the way, congratulations on the... heading the operational... task force. The device that we implanted in Derevko wasn't passive. Yes, it is. I removed the original device in case Derevko was swept for bugs. Without her knowledge, I injected her with a passive transmitter. Wow. That's smart, because if they do a sweep they won't pick up anything till it transmits. Hey, how'd you plant it without her knowing? The transmitter's programmed to send a signal 12 hours from now. That allows her enough time to reach Sloane before going active. A tactical team's on standby out of Edwards Air Force Base. Once we acquire the signal we'll move in and take them into custody. I don't know what to say. This house is... When will we know if they accept the offer? - I closed last week. - What? I wanted to surprise you. I just wanted to make you happy. These past few months have been like a bad dream. Thank God we got through it. I love you. Nice grouping. Hey. - What happened? - They downgraded my security clearance. But only until Counterintelligence clears me officially. Meanwhile, your father convinced them to keep me field-rated. - Then you heard about my mother? - Yeah. - You were right to investigate her. - Sydney... No, it's OK, it's the truth. I'm not blaming you. It's me. I was so naive about her. I don't think you should be part of this task force. You know how I feel about her, but no one should have to hunt down their mother, no matter what the circumstances are. - She was never my mother. - You want to believe that? - Don't do this again, don't condescend. - That is not what I'm doing. You know that. If you corner her and you hesitate to pull the trigger even for one second, it could cost you your life. I won't hesitate. Let me be blunt, Jack. I accepted your recommendation to trust Derevko because you made a strong argument. A personal one. An argument which, I now understand, you didn't believe, or you wouldn't have placed a passive transmitter on her without informing me. It was my call to let her out, and I stand by that decision, but you blindsided me, you son of a bitch. And your pretence of an apology doesn't do either of us any good. I'll be equally blunt. From the moment Irina Derevko walked in this door, you ordered Sydney to deal with her, over my objections. With absolute disregard for her emotional wellbeing. It was my prerogative. I stand by that call. That said, it's not my intention to replace you. As soon as I'm satisfied that Derevko can never harm my daughter again, you'll have your title back. Excuse me... Actually, I'm not sure who I'm supposed to address, cos, you know, you're both standing here... Who's in charge? What is it, Marshall? The passive transmitter that Mr Bristow injected into his wife... ex-wife, sorry... Well, um, it just went active. And we're tracking her. Base ops has tracked Derevko's signal to Stuttgart. Once on the ground, we will confirm the signal with visual identification, but we will not engage until we know the whereabouts of all three. We move in only after Derevko's led us to Sloane. Like many pharmaceutical companies, the firm I represent has closely monitored your work mapping the human genome. We are interested in licensing that work. We're in the process of fielding many such offers. But I'm afraid your firm, Staad Pharmaceutical, I'm not familiar with it. We're a small Scandinavian consortium. But I would not have come all this way if I did not believe my offer was significant. Our server room is where the data is processed and stored. - Right this way. - Thank you. The servers are located in sublevel E, beyond radio contact. When you're prepared for extraction, I'll be standing by. We're two blocks away from the tracking signal. Any intel on that location? Brucker Biotech. They're the German equivalent of the Human Genome Project. We're running an analysis of the company - every patent they hold, biographies of the board members, political contributions... Sloane and Derevko with genetic research - that can't be good. All right, I've hacked into their CCTV system. I'm relaying the feed to you now. Let's see what we've got. Agent Bristow, we're pulling into position. Hello, my name is Peter Gorrow. I'm Ms Herksgaard's assistant. I'm running late. Would it be possible to have a pass waiting at the front desk? Thank you. Sark. We have a visual ID. He's entering the building. We see him. Hold your position. For now. We've confirmed Derevko and Sark. That's good enough for me. Noted. It took 15 years of analysis, but we finally assembled all the information into a DNA map of unequalled detail. Sark's taking out surveillance cameras. We lost the feed. They may know we're here. There's a tactical team out front. We've been tracked. I swept myself, I'm clean. Jack. - The mission's compromised. - It's harder now, but not impossible. If we don't go in, we could lose everything. The transmitter is still active. Sloane is the objective. Sloane may not be here. They may not be working with Sloane. I don't understand. When we extracted you we scanned you for transmitters. It must have been on a time delay. Do it. - We lost her. - How? I don't know. Fried somehow. Overloaded, I guess. - Signal's gone. There's nothing I can do. - If we lose her now, we lose her for good. Move in. Call Brucker security. Tell them two wanted terrorists are on the premises. Have them seal the building. We will meet them in the lobby. - This will get us into the hard drive. - Is the file on the network? Yes, but it's encrypted. I'll transfer the file and we can decipher it later. - How long to download? - Five minutes. - See there's no evidence we were here. - I'll take care of it. I'll set the detonator for six minutes. Meet me at the extraction point. Vaughn! Vaughn! - You OK? - Yeah, I'm OK. Come on. - What about Derevko? - She's gotta be here. Sydney! Dad, I see her. We're going after her. She's exiting the building. Yeah, I'll talk to you later. - What's for dinner? - Ribollita. It's bread and vegetable soup. - Well, it sounds great. I'll get the Barolo. - OK. Hello? May I speak with your husband? Yes, just a moment. It's for you. It's a woman. Thanks. Yeah? I've recovered the file. But I was tracked. - By whom? - The CIA. Until we know otherwise, we have to assume you've been exposed as well. You'd better leave the house until we know for sure. - Yeah, I agree. - Meet me at the airfield. OK. - We have to leave. - What? Who was that? I'll explain later, but we have to leave the house. It's just a precaution. - Against what? What's going on? - Emily, we have to leave the house now. - I don't understand. - Look at me. You have to trust me, Emily. Please. You have to trust me. Aside from cancer studies, Brucker sponsor genetic research, specifically the mapping and sequencing of human chromosomes. But, it's rumoured they've catalogued the DNA of private citizens. Some say millions. Well, if that's true, then for one... I'm sorry to interrupt... Is that suede? Yes. Sloane could develop a genetically-targeted virus, or he could pollute the entire water supply just to kill one specific person. When he or she takes a drink of water or takes a shower, then the water would permeate into the system... I'll instruct the NSA to add every derivation of genetics to the Echelon watch list. Uh, excuse me. Did you say that, before the explosion, your mother called out your name? - Yes. - Why'd she do that? Doesn't that seem weird to anyone, or is that just me? It's cool if it's just me, because... It is just me, isn't it? Irina might have wanted to save Sydney's life. I doubt that's the case. - What do you mean, you own this? - It's my plane, sweetheart. It's ours. Arvin, I've been more than patient. It's enough. Hello. I don't understand. Laura, I thought... Arvin will tell you. The disk, as promised. - Emily, sit down. - How long have you known she was alive? A couple of months. And you didn't tell me this? What the hell is going on? - Emily... - Tell me. Don't treat me like a fool. Stop telling me the deception is all over. I had to wait. I wanted to make sure that it was going to work. What are we doing here with a woman who died 20 years ago? What I'm pursuing... is truth. Truth? Good. Well, that explains it all. I guess you and I are looking for the same thing. Emily, what I'm looking for, among other things, will let you live cancer-free. I am cancer-free. Forever. Wait, wait. You're saying in high school my girlfriend dated a quarterback? I mean, it was no big deal. He was just this... god. - What was his name, Frank or Hank? - I forgot all about that guy. Wow. I went shopping the other day and I saw something that reminded me of you. So... - You bought Vaughn a present? - Why not? - Because it's the weirdest thing of all time? - I just saw it and it reminded me of him. Maybe you can do that for me sometime. Nice. Thanks. Well, see, you're making me look bad. I still haven't bought him anything. Sydney's always saying that you wear suits, so I thought... Wow. It's beautiful. Thank you. That's very sweet. You're welcome. We have to go. - What's going on? - You need to see this. What is this? The security camera at our consulate in Florence last night. She's alive? She walked through the front door, told the guard she was the wife of Arvin Sloane, that she wants to cooperate with the CIA and that she'll only talk to you. I spoke at your funeral. Arvin told me. Yesterday, I felt exactly the way you do now. Seeing someone... I thought was gone. My mother. - You know? - Yes. I never wanted to put you through that. But Arvin and I had no choice. The Alliance had to believe I was dead. You knew about his involvement with the Alliance and you stayed with him. I know this is difficult for you to understand, but when I found out I had cancer, Arvin... was my tether to hope, to survival. And when I went into remission he told me the truth. He asked for my forgiveness and promised that he would make things right. He's been my whole world for 30 years. He saved my life. I couldn't deny my husband a second chance. Except nothing's changed. I'm assuming that's why you're here. He told me his plan. To find out what this man, Rambaldi, was working on. He rationalises what he's done. He says he's doing it for us. For me. Even if I believed him, I won't be the excuse for his crimes. I won't live with that on my conscience. I'll help you bring him in. But I need you to guarantee me something in return. What? That he won't get the death penalty. I want it in writing before I tell you where he is. We can't make that deal. For all we know, Sloane sent his wife in to mislead us. Sydney trusts Emily. Congratulations. But is that enough reason to take that chance? Why not threaten prosecution, compel her to tell us where she's meeting Sloane? - Prosecution for what? - Are you kidding me? Conspiracy, fraud, aiding and abetting a terrorist... We need Emily's cooperation and I believe she'll lead us right to Sloane and Irina. Fine. It's your call anyway, isn't it? Go to Florence with Dixon. I'll tell Sydney to make the deal. A tactical plan will be ready for you by the time you land. I'm meeting a man this afternoon who can get us six hours on a Cray-X1 computer. It should be able to decrypt the genetic database. Are you there? What if I told you that I wanted you to buy me out? That I'd be willing to sell you the breadth of my assets, my contacts, all the Rambaldi artefacts I've acquired over the last 30 years. Everything. I'd say that either you're setting me up to be killed, or I underestimated your love for your wife. I'm going back to Tuscany to see Emily. The house is safe. Emily's meeting me there. I'll bring the database with me. You can pick it up from me there. I can't blame Emily. She's right. I want out. This document guarantees that the Justice Department will not pursue the death penalty for your husband. Take a few minutes to read it before you sign. I don't need to. You understand you're gonna have to wear a wire? The operation's being drawn up. The raid will be dangerous, but you're gonna be fine. We will protect you. Sydney. I know I've disappointed you. That I chose to stay with Arvin, that I came here asking you to... show mercy for a man who... took so much away from you. You're in an impossible situation. At your funeral... I said that I've always thought of you as my real mother. I meant it. He's going to know. It's odd, I feel like I'm talking to myself. It's comforting to know that you're out there listening. Oh, God, I think he's here. The genetic database is in a safe in the study. It's just off to the left. - That's the combination. - Are you certain about this? Yeah. I'm sorry. There's no point in my continuing if you're not with me. We're on. You've said that before. - It's different this time. - What changed so much in one day? Everything. When we hear Emily say she's going to the wine cellar, we move in. Let's go. The things you've done. There's just been too much suffering. You have every right not to believe me. But it doesn't matter. You will. I will never leave you again. Arvin, I'm here to say goodbye. Emily... Remember how it felt when I found you on the beach and I told you that it was over? Arvin... All that matters is this, what we have between us. - Just stop. - That no one else is a part of. Oh, God, please, just stop. We've lost the signal. Sloane may have found the wire. The CIA's been listening. They're here. We have to go. It doesn't matter. All I need to know right now is whether you want to come with me. - Come with you? - If you don't want to, I'll understand. But, Emily, please... please, you have to make your mind up right now. Now! Yes. I will. Sloane! - Come on. - Go! - I have the disk ready for extraction. - Copy that. They're in some kind of tunnel. It starts to the east. - Check outside to see where it leads. - Copy. On my way. Freeze! Don't move! Go, go, go. Do you have the disk? Syd? You OK? I don't want to talk. Not now. - Is that your phone? - Uh-uh. Yours? No. - What is that? - My mother's earrings. - I thought they were checked. - They were. Wait. It's repeating a pattern. - Dash-dot-dash. - That's a K. Definitely Morse code. - That's an E. That's a T. - Another T.