from inside a federal penitentiary. Of course, it doesn't have to be that way. After careful examination of the facts, Arvin Sloane, I hereby order your release. The nuridium wasn't being utilized as an explosive. We believe it was used to power a cryogenic chamber. - Hello? - Hey. Have you identified the body? The body was stolen. I'll forward you the details. I'll dig around and see what I can find out. Kindt, we got a man down. It's Rodriguez. Do you copy? Do you copy? Do you copy? Hey. Hi. I wish I could still fit into those. - Did you sleep okay? - Yeah, I did. You okay? I'm just... I'm telling you, this kid's going to be a black belt. Here, give me a hand. Get ready. You, uh... must be so excited. Yeah, when I'm not terrified. - You don't seem terrified. - I am. I have no idea how to be a parent. The thought of my life changing forever... doing it on my own... it's a little overwhelming. Yeah. I know what you mean. You know, you can stay here as long as you want, Rachel. There's no hurry. I don't want to impose. We're both going through transitions. We might as well keep each other company. Thank you. I'm going to change. Help yourself to anything in the fridge... - Okay. - If there's anything left. Hey, Syd? You're going to be a great mom. Thanks. You seem to be enjoying your freedom. I was hoping to offer you more than prison food. I must confess, I'd grown rather fond of the shepherd's pie. I'm assuming you didn't bring me here simply for the cuisine. Look, Jack, during the past few months, I have had to rely on you more than any friend should, which is what makes it difficult for me to ask you this. You need another favor? I want to return to A.P.O. Of course, my position would be subordinate. You would be the Director of the task force, and I would have the highest respect for that. In return, you can engage my connections wherever you thought it would be most effective. And you would, in turn, have full C.I.A. resources to search for Nadia's cure. Exactly. I know this puts you in an awkward position... I've already put in the request for your limited reinstatement. You have? I don't know what to say... Your gratitude may be premature. Langley hasn't denied the request, but they haven't approved it either. Normally, these things take a few days, but I'm getting informal reports that something, or, rather, someone is standing in the way. Do you know who? I'm happy to make my case personally. I'm trying to ascertain that myself. I apologize. I'm going to have to cut this short. Whether you're successful or not, Jack, thank you. 18 hours ago, an army storage facility was hit outside of Frankfurt. The Dornier stockpile? The intruder crossed two minefields, deactivated a 30,000-volt electric fence and took down half a dozen army rangers by nonlethal means. Do we have any potential suspects? Agent Grace is on the phone to the base in Germany now trying to get uplinks of their surveillance imagery. This lone individual walked right past a stockpile of heavy weapons opting instead for a few hundred cc's for something called atropine ZX. ZX is a highly experimental medical stimulant. Its primary use is for battlefield resuscitation of gravely injured soldiers. The infiltration bears striking similarities to the D.S.R. theft a month ago. Are you suggesting this is somehow connected with the container we recovered in North Korea? It could be the secondary phase of the same operation. By all appearances, the man inside the container was in some sort of next-gen cryogenic deep freeze. And the stolen ZX could be used to wake up the body? It's possible, yes. Yes, Guder, I promise. Eight cases of jerky, half beef, half turkey. It's on the way. Danke. Apparently, you can't get good beef jerky in Germany. Really? I always thought of Germany as the home of processed meats. You know, 'cause all the sausages that they... and there's liverwurst, bratwurst, fleischwurst... Here it comes. Let's take a look at our bad boy. Put it on-screen. Make that a bad girl. Renée Rienne, also known as "Le Corbeau". In '02, she attacked one of our listening posts in Turkey, made her number eight on the C.I.A.'s most wanted list. You don't know she's the one who took the body. No, but it's beyond reason that this is a coincidence. If she took the body, she had a reason. I'll talk to her. You exchange information with her twice a week. If she hasn't told you by now... Not over the phone. I'll go in person. Sydney, this woman is an assassin. Vaughn trusted her. They worked together for seven years. Besides, if she did take the body and hasn't told me, it's because she doesn't trust me, either. If we make a move on her, that just proves she's right. I'm hardly concerned with her feelings. No, but I am concerned about burning her as an ally. We know the body was in Dean's possession. Finding out why may tell us more about Prophet Five, what their ultimate agenda is. Go see her, but you're not going alone. I think you got him. My mother always said, if somebody was worth shooting once, then they're worth shooting twice. I'm sorry I never met her. She sounds like my kind of woman. I think the two of you would have gotten along. Sydney's going to Marseilles to meet with a contact. Wheels up within the hour. I'd like you to accompany her. I'm on escort duty. Sydney's contact is Renée Rienne. Really? Miss Rienne has been helping Sydney with her investigation into the Prophet Five conspiracy, though that fact is off the books. Got it. Miss Rienne used to work with Michael Vaughn. Based on that, my daughter has inherent trust in her. I do not share her trust. I see. Don't worry. I'll make sure she's safe. Hope you got the right address. Micro surveillance cameras, motion detectors on the windows. And this is definitely her place. I'll cover the stairs, you slip around front to the elevator. Put that away. You won't need it. She's already killed three C.I.A. agents. We're not going to be four and five. When my father briefed you, he told you we'd been working together. Yeah. He also said if I suspected a threat to your safety, I have orders to kill her. My father is overprotective. It's me. We need to talk. It's not a good time. It can't wait. I'm out front. I know. We aren't here to threaten you, Renée. - We had an agreement. - I know you took the body. Whatever it is, you can tell me. No, I can't. This is different. I need to do this myself. Well, that's not an option. Does he know what you're up to? No, he's not dangerous. He won't hurt me, he won't hurt me! - Let her go! - He won't hurt me! - Do you have the shot? - Just say when. No, please, he doesn't understand. Did I hear her right? He's her father. Was it Desantis? Desantis. I do not... remember. Is Desantis part of Prophet Five? Prophet Five? What do you know about them? No, no, I am fine. You're not fine. Your ear is bleeding. - Here, get him down. - Dad? Get him down. His pulse is all over the place. We need something to sedate him to get his heart rate under control. I'll get some Diazepam. Keep his legs steady. Calm down. His heartbeat's weak, but it's stable. What do you know about that device? Why was he in it? I don't know. I just had to get him out of there. How's your daughter? Nadia, right? That's such a pretty name. What are you doing here? Just checking up on our investment. I thought this might be a good place to find you. Don't you ever contact me in public again. And tell whoever you answer to that I'm proceeding as instructed. Tell him yourself. - Hello, Arvin. - Hello, Gordon. So you're my mysterious benefactor. I'm one of them. Are you familiar with Senator Lewis? She's the Chairman of the Intelligence Committee. She's the reason your security clearance hasn't been reinstated. She doesn't seem to care very much for you. It may have something to do with the fact that she's actually a decent human being. If she's the one standing in my way, my chances of returning to A.P.O. are slim at best. And I need you at A.P.O. You're going to have to persuade Senator Lewis to see things your way. Luckily, that's what you do best. Look, I gotta be honest with you. I've had basic field medical training. If the guy were shot, I could handle that, but this is beyond me. Is he stable? That's kind of hard to define. He was bleeding out of his eyes and his ears. He's unconscious. His breathing's shallow but regular. Well, if we knew why he was in the container, we might have a better idea of what was wrong with him. I took a look inside the box. It's lined with I.V.s apparently feeding him nutrients. There's an on-board hard drive tracking his vitals. Other than that, a bunch of tech stuff I can't identify. I still have contacts within the D.S.R. I can reach out. Maybe they analyzed the container before it was stolen. Renée mentioned a name... a Dr. Aldo Desantis. Apparently he put her father in the box 20 years ago. I know that name. Dean had me arrange the transfer of some of his files. They were archived at the university of Milan, but about a year ago, Dean had me move them to a private facility in San Francisco. Agent Grace, tell Renée we'll coordinate a mission to obtain the Desantis files. Perhaps they'll shed some light on her father's condition. In the meantime, contact Dr. Étienne Laurent. He's 20 minutes outside Marseille. He can check Renée's father into a facility under an assumed name and run the full examination. Copy that. I'll contact you when I get there. I can take care of him. No, you can't. If my father vouches for this doctor, your father will be safe. Look, if we were going to double-cross you, we would have done it already. Just let us help you. You have my word. Okay. I'll pull a van around front. - What's going on? - I don't know. They want my father. We're under siege! They want Renee's father. Who are they? - I wish I knew. - It's the D.G.S.E. Intelligence? No, it's not French military. They're armed too well. That's why I didn't tell you. What, you think we brought 'em here? How else would they know? It's no good. They're using a jamming device. - We need weapons. - Back there. There is a closet. I have an army radio. If you can find a clear frequency, call for help. Inside those cases, there are monitors for the security cameras. See what are we up against. Well, there are 12 of them it looks like, at least. They're planning something. What is it? What's that? Gas. They want to knock us out before they attack us. Right there, they're pumping it into the vent. Get in the bedroom. Seal yourself in. I'll take out the truck. No, no, no, I'll go. You watch your father. Come on. Marshall, Dixon's ready for us. Yeah, I'm ready. It's gotta be here somewhere. Where is it? You know what an audio coupler is? You know, the piece that slides over the base of a telephone headset? Yeah, like from "War Games." You know "War Games"? Yeah, it's my second-favorite movie. Really? Mine too. Now don't tell anyone, but it's what inspired me to hack into the Pentagon for the first time. How'd you get in? I, uh, went in through the electrical system. Yeah, there was a side-wire cutout for air conditioning repairs, so I got the woman from the repair company on the phone and convinced her that I was inside the building and then sweet-talked her into giving me the password. I think her name was Ina. I went straight in through the sewer controls. Really? That's... that's pretty smart... and a lot... easier. So are we hacking into the storage facility's network? Yeah, to find out where the Desantis files are stored. Well, if we're going in via R.F., then the network must be terminal. No, closed loop. Oh! Found it. I hope none of you suffer from arachnophobia, 'cause this little 6-legged freak is not pretty, but she gets the job done. I call her Charlotte, for obvious reasons. Oh, check this out. There is a tomographic camera right on the bottom there. It basically acts like an X-ray or a C.A.T. scan. It takes images layer by layer. See? Look at that. This will allow us to take images of the Desantis files... without ever having to remove them from their storage container. Right. I assume your vaults are climate-controlled. Of course. Now if your purchase our premium package, your item will be stored in the most secure wing of our facility. Yes, I've heard that before. Let me explain something. This particular piece is from the Yongle period... very delicate. I don't want the most secure wing. I want the wing you reserve for the people who will come looking for you if anything happens to their stuff. Right this way. Oh, my cell died. Call my wife, would you? Let her know we're running late. - Would you mind? - Of course not. - Be my guest. - Thank you. Hi, Meredith. We're running a little bit behind. Nice. Phone link is good. Accessing the network. Uh, you know what? Just stay on the phone one more minute. Yeah, I'll have him home by dinner. Got it. As you can see, temperature and humidity-controlled. We even have backup generators in case of prolonged blackout. This is fine. I'm glad you're pleased. Now if you'll just follow me, we can finish the rest of our paperwork. Come on, Charlotte. You go, girl. Come on, Charlotte. Don't let me down. How's it coming? Well, according to their network, the Desantis files are inside cabinet 2187, so, we'll soon see for ourselves. Come on, Charlotte. Work some magic. All right, imaging through the first layer of metal. "Desantis." We got 'em. Good. Let's scan the rest of those documents and relay them to A.P.O. Okay. Any luck? Low-band frequencies are completely blocked. I found this midrange. Chatter of some kind, but it's too noisy to transmit over. He's got a fever. Why do they want him, Renée? Tell me the truth. I was very sick as a child. The medicine I was taking; it was expensive. My father answered an ad in the newspaper for a job. Later that week, he came home with more money than I had ever seen. I could tell he was scared. He packed what he could, and we left. He didn't want to scare me, but I knew he was running from someone. One day in Geneva, they found us. I later found out that the man I saw take my father was Desantis. They were his clinical trials my father had been paid for. I assumed they killed him that night. This is why you began pursuing Prophet Five. To make them pay. - What can you see? - Nothing. I don't know if he made it. Renée! Dad? It's me! Let me in. Nice job. I think I just pissed 'em off. We need to get ready. They'll be coming in soon. Sydney, you stay here with her father. If I can take enough of them out, maybe they'll decide we're not worth it. She's quite talented. Thank you. You must be very proud. You have no idea. Senator Lewis. What can I do for you, Mr. Sloane? Well, actually, I was hoping for a minute of your time. If you've come here to lobby for your security clearance to be approved, I suggest you save yourself the trouble. Yeah, I understand your reluctance, but I'm asking you to reconsider your position. With my knowledge and my resources, I can be a valuable asset to this country. Touching. But somehow, I doubt that you're motivated by mere patriotism. You're right, I have an agenda... my daughter Nadia. She's very sick. I know. I hope to use A.P.O. resources to find a cure for her condition. In exchange, I will happily do whatever the government requires of me. I'm sorry about your daughter, but I can't in good conscience put you back in that office. If it were up to me, you'd still be in prison. You'll have to find another way to help your daughter. I'm not reinstating your clearance. Your daughter's very lovely. I'm sure you're proud of her. You'll recognize the inside of your own house. You'll notice none of those pictures were taken with a telephoto lens. The photographer was standing right next to her. It makes you wonder about her security detail, doesn't it? It makes you wonder if you can ever keep her safe at all. Mom, did you see that? I did, honey. I was just telling your mother how talented you are. You know, you skate like an angel. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day, Senator. Thank you in advance for your support. They're gone. What do you mean, they're gone? They're not in the street. That's 'cause they're probably on the roof. You're hurt. It's nothing. I found this device. They all have them. It's a tracker. They're probably following a signal. From what? It's an emergency beacon. You must have activated it when you opened the container. No, I would have noticed. Their signal's still active. It's not jamming the frequency this transmits on. Maybe I could piggyback this signal, get out a call for help. Jack, I've just received hard copies of all data the D.S.R. obtained from the cryo-container before it was stolen. Marshall and Rachel are in the briefing room reviewing the files you recovered from San Francisco. I'll cross-index the data. Is there something else, Marcus? I just got off the phone with the office of Senator Dianne Lewis, the Chairperson of the Intelligence Committee. Yes, I know who she is. Her office was following up on a request to reinstate Arvin Sloane's security clearance so he could return to duty within A.P.O. I told them I didn't know anything about it. The request to reinstate Sloane's clearance came from me. I assume it was granted. He's been given full access, gold level and beyond. Are you certain this is the right course of action? I believe Arvin Sloane now has a single purpose... to save the life of his daughter. If it is within my power to help him with that endeavor, I will do so, gladly. Of course. I suppose having him here at A.P.O. will allow us to keep a close eye on his activities. Yes, that thought crossed my mind as well. Oh, I got it. Here it is. Uh, actually, this is "Garceau" with an "A." Yeah, this here, look... "Goursaud." Oh, "Goursaud," excellent. Oh, here. Looks like some kind of chemical study, but it's all encoded. And then the blood work, brain scans and X-rays are all normal. This is also... yes... 20 years old. So all this really tell us is that Mr. Goursaud was healthy at the time he was abducted. What do we got? Well, I'll tell you one thing. This guy's into some freaky stuff here, manipulation of neural pathways, genetic manipulations. - Anything on Goursaud? - Nothing that helps. The D.S.R. sent over everything they had on the container. It looks like while Goursaud was inside, his brain functions were severely limited. The container was also administering doses of antiproliferatives and... calico-neurin inhibitors. Calcineurin inhibitors, actually, with a "S..." sound. It's an immunosuppressive drug, basically prevents the immune system from attacking itself, kind of like, you know, when a transplant patient rejects a new organ. But he hasn't had any transplant. Wait a minute. Is that Goursaud's E.E.G. reading? I don't get this. Brain scans? Yeah, that one's from Desantis. That one's from the D.S.R. - How old are these readings? - Taken three weeks ago. They don't match. A by-product of the aging process? Not gray matter. - The volume is set by age 4. - Age 4. You're suggesting the man who came out of that container is not Luc Goursaud? That's right. - Then who is he? - Somebody who... who's not... Luc Goursaud. I just called the clinic in France. Sydney and Tom never showed up. I tried her cell. No answer. The people who took me... they want me back. Give me to them, and you all walk out of here. That's not an option. 20 years ago, I let them capture me to keep Renée safe. Nothing has changed. I am her father. It is my job to protect her. But giving yourself to them won't protect Renée. It will destroy her if you're killed. They will not kill me. You can't know that. Once they tracked the beacon up here, they could have blown us to bits, but they did not. They want me alive, living. What beacon? You just said they tracked a beacon. What beacon? - Put the radio down. - Dad... This woman was trying to kill me. He's lying. He's the reason we're being attacked. Let her go. Don't! He said they tracked a beacon. He sent a signal. He led them here. Don't listen to her. She's only trying to confuse us. This isn't an abduction. It's a rescue. How do you know about the beacon? I'm your father, remember? I protected you. That's right. Your father protected you. That night, when Desantis kidnapped him, you said he left you somewhere safe. Ask him where he hid you. That is silly. Ask him Renée, ask him. Tell me. That was 20 years ago, angel. But for you, it was only yesterday. Who are you? A.P.O. tracked the helicopter to a small airport. Shortly after it landed, an executive jet took off, bound for North Korea. And that man? We still don't know. We're working on it. We've seen things like this before, believe it or not. Doubling technology. But it's impossible to say. My team is still reviewing Desantis' papers. Hopefully, they'll give us some insight into Prophet 5 I'll contact you as soon as we know anything. I thought I had him back. I know. Michael always told me I could come to you. I didn't trust him. I was wrong. Thank you. Yeah. Gordon Dean. How are you feeling, Dr. Desantis? Couldn't be better. Thank you. And I'm told there shouldn't be any lingering side effects from the procedure. 23 years. The cohesion problem was solved once we understood how to re-sequence the information. The girl's alive. She calls herself Renée Rienne. Works with the C.I.A. Well, then keeping an eye on her won't be a problem.