And he thought it was too dangerous, so he made sure it didn't happen. We're going to my facility in Nevada. Project: Black Hole. I've never heard of Project: Black Hole. This is everything the government has collected on or about Milo Rambaldi since the 1940s. A quarter of the artefacts were collected by you, and they're also housed in Nevada. You had an affair? It was Irina Derevko. Sydney's mother. Are you telling me Sydney is your daughter? I never tried to prove it one way or the other. Sark's on Flight 0028. It left Chateaudun Air Force Base 12 hours ago. They're due to arrive here in two hours. We're coordinating with security to set up a perimeter - around the airport. - Good. The Intelligence Committee is sending Senator Reed to oversee the interrogation. Why the sudden interest from Washington? Sark is a key player now. They expect us to bleed him dry. Hold on a second. Robin, Steven. Connor's dad's here. - Bye, Dad. - Later. Heads. Dad! Connor's watching! Go. Sorry about that. All information concerning Sark's case is being strictly compartmentalised within the task force. If we have any operational leak in the next few days, we're gonna know it came from inside the Rotunda. Copy that. How's it going? I'm compiling a list of questions I plan on asking Sark during his interrogation. So, that's it? Wasn't your father supposed to arrive like an hour ago? He went straight into a meeting with Jack Bristow and Director Dixon. Are you gonna be okay while he's here? I guess I'm about to find out. Washington's gone to great lengths to secure Mr. Sark's extradition from the French. They're expecting results. And delivering them will strengthen my case when the appropriations bill for your task force comes before my committee next month. We appreciate your effort, Senator. Sark's transport will be arriving at Dover Airfield within the hour. Agents Bristow and Weiss are on site to escort him into custody. Based on recently acquired intelligence, we know Sark was promoted to co-command The Covenant's North American operations. It's imperative we learn the identity of his associate. Excuse me. There you are. Hello, Dad. Good to see you. Please sit, Lauren. This concerns you as well. Once Sark is in custody, he will be transferred to medical services and prepped for the Inferno protocol. It's my understanding that 50% of the test subjects suffered cardiac arrest during that procedure. The United States is not in the business of torturing witnesses for information. Mr. Sark isn't being classified as a prisoner of war. He has no protections under the Geneva Convention. But given Sark's history of selling out his employers, is it even necessary? He's likely to comply quite willingly. That may have been true in the past. He now has $800 million invested in this organisation. His loyalties will lie with his money. All relevant materials you have should be turned over to Jack. He'll be conducting the interrogation. This has been cleared through your superiors. Langley has requested certain questions be included, some of which contain information that exceeds your classification level. I understand. I'll review this immediately. Director Dixon. Given Sark's importance to The Covenant, we can't rule out the possibility of a rescue attempt. Put her through. Put Level 3 containment procedures into effect immediately. No, they're not sick. I don't understand. Their carpool picked them up hours ago. This cannot be good. Sark was supposed to land 20 minutes ago. Agent Bristow here. We're on our way. Sark's plane just landed in the desert 60 miles east of here. Is the area secured? Copy that. No one's gotten on or off the plane since it landed. Sark's gone. The plane landed on autopilot. We checked the body count against the crew manifest. One of Sark's armed guards was missing. If Sark had an accomplice, we have to assume that he made it out alive. The passengers were frozen, indicating Sark may have parachuted at altitude Ieaving the cabin depressurised. Marshall's pulling the satellite feeds. If Sark punched out within a 100-mile radius, we should be able to narrow our search. Put together a team. Be ready to move on Marshall's lead. Sydney and Weiss are on their way back with the flight recorders. Steven and Robin didn't show up at school. I tried their cellphones. I've traded calls with relatives, friends. Our neighbours. The police. It's Robin. Thank God. Where have you been? We have your children. They're safe, and they will remain so, assuming you follow our demands precisely. Our calculations indicate The Covenant abducted these children between 8.30 and 8.45 a.m. In exchange for their safe return, Sark is demanding the release of these men. Five Covenant operatives currently in custody apprehended within the past year. - We have 48 hours. - That's impossible. Aren't these prisoners being held by different governments? Yes, and even in the event that we could coordinate the release of these prisoners, the diplomatic feat required will take days, if not longer. We should begin working on securing their release immediately. It's not that simple. There's a reason we don't negotiate with terrorists. It sets a dangerous precedent. As would not doing everything to protect those children. Who's to say that next week the same organisation won't target the children of others working in Intelligence? We are not discussing some hypothetical. The Covenant abducted these hostages -- Steven and Robin. I'm sorry? Their names. I only suggest that, for the safety of all of our families, we may need to find an alternative. Anyone else? Marshall is analysing the data recorder from the plane. It may give us a lead. May I also suggest we at least begin negotiations with the countries holding these prisoners? Whether or not we trade, as Ms. Reed mentioned, this will be a lengthy process. We can use the negotiations to buy time while having The Covenant believe we are proceeding in good faith. Then that's how we'll proceed. One last thing. The only thing we do know for certain... Sark managed his escape because he was provided with information that could only have come from this office. I want this leak identified. They're doing exactly as we expected. The advantages of having a predictable adversary. Not to mention someone on the inside. Yes. Indeed. Which brings me to my next question. Our superiors would like to know how your efforts in securing a scapegoat are progressing. I've already taken care of it. Oui, Mr. Sloane? Tell Karl that Judy's on her way down. Oui, Mr. Sloane. The limo is here. I don't want to go. Then don't. I have used up all my sick days and every conceivable excuse. I have got to get back to work. You may find this hard to believe, but I'm usually very professional. Why would I find that hard to believe? I found our time together very therapeutic. If the Agency finds out about us, I will be totally discredited. No one will know. I give you my word. I wish that were enough. I'm not gonna see you again, am I? I should go. This is the last communication from the crew. Tell them you're experiencing radio failure, or you're both dead. Albuquerque Centre, November Niner-Seven. We're experiencing intermittent communication problems. - Nothing to worry about. - Copy that. Continue your approach. Please! Don't! We assume that Sark bailed out over New Mexico. But check this out. 20 minutes later, the recorder picked up some faint noise. Can you be more specific? It turns out our friend Mr. Sark made a phone call. Notify the extraction team. I should be at the L.Z. on schedule. Do we have the hostages? Excellent. Not if I see you first, love. Sark was still on the plane once they passed New Mexico. - That would put him in... - Arizona. I tasked Echelon to focus on a 200-mile radius around the drop point, added keywords to the dictionary. Echelon picked up a burst of Covenant communications from a warehouse in Nogales. I believe they might be holding your children there. Based on Marshall's intel, I have the authority to go tactical right now and attempt a rescue. Or you can continue the negotiations. I need an honest assessment, Jack. The last time we did business with The Covenant, they killed a hostage as a negotiation tactic. If history is any indication, they may kill one of your children to compel us to meet their demands. What if we give in to their demands? There's no guarantee they'll let them go unharmed. And if we attempt rescue, the risks are equally high. I'm sorry. Prepare the tactical option. Marshall, we're in place. We're disabling the alarm system. Once the alarm is down, you need to access the closed-circuit feed. - Perimeter's clear. - Alarms are down. We're hacking into the closed-circuit feed now. Okay, receiving images. Receiving. There they are! I see them! The children are inside! I'm mapping coordinates. They're one level down. Let's go. Marshall, anything? Okay, try the first door on your right. Marshall, they're not here. That doesn't make any sense. Hold on, let me do a re-scan. Oh, my God. We've got an explosive device. 1.12 left to go. Copy that, Boy Scout. I'm checking it out. Marshall, it's another explosive. 59 seconds. Copy that, Mountaineer. Can you describe it to me? It's got a wireless receiver. Oh, my God, the bomb is connected to a network. There are six other charges. You need to get out! The whole place is rigged. Team, fall back now! I'm going for my children. Copy that. We got to go. No, this can't be. This can't... Mountaineer, the children are not in the building. The tape is on a loop. It's a trap! Get out! Dixon, Marshall says the tape is on a loop! We have to get out! I can't leave them! But they're not here! We don't know that! Dixon, if you stay here, you are gonna die! Robin and Steven are out there, and they need you to find them. Dixon, go! Marshall, I need you to pull up the server logs for the classified FAA database. Sure. No problem. What are we looking for? Everyone who accessed Sark's flight information. Filter it to show only the results from the last two days. No problem. There. That's not one of our internal I.P. addresses, is it? No, it's not. Looks like they logged on using Dr. Barnett's account. That's interesting. They... tried to spoof their I.P. by bouncing it off several servers. - Can you find the origin? - I think so. To what do I owe this pleasure? I take no pleasure in this, Arvin. You're dismissed. Go! It wasn't enough for you that I saw my wife die? I'm afraid I don't understand. They are children. Children. If I only knew what I was being accused of, I... You gave information to The Covenant. It's because of you my children are missing. Dixon, I'm... The mistake I made was not putting a bullet in your head three years ago when I had the chance. Dixon, wait. No. You can't do this. Get out. I don't want you to see this. If you kill him, it will be you locked up. Is that what you want? I want my children back. This is not the way to help them. We'll find them. We'll find them, Dixon. We'll bring them home. Sydney, for the last time. Get out of here. What would Diane say if she saw you like this? What about your kids? They need you. What would they want you to do? What would they want you to do, Marcus? I didn't do this. God! Steven! Oh, God. Daddy. Oh, Steven. Are you alright? Where's your sister? You need to tell me. Where is Robin? They want to talk to you. They said they wanted me to watch my children die. They wanted me to know what it felt like. The Covenant knew we'd come. They fed us Echelon intercepts. Dangled the whereabouts of my children like bait. The Covenant is now demanding the immediate release of 10 prisoners. Any further attempts on our part to outmanoeuvre them, and they have sworn... ...I will never see my daughter again. If I told you I was capable of processing all of this, I would be lying. All I know is my daughter is out there. And because of a failed rescue mission I sanctioned, she is in even more danger. The emotional toll this has taken and my current state of mind convinces me that I am no longer the best guarantee of her return. Therefore, I am stepping down temporarily as director of this task force until this matter is resolved. I trust you will stand in my stead and do everything in your power to bring my daughter back to me. I've already put in calls to State. We're gonna do everything in our power to meet The Covenant's demands. I appreciate it. The Covenant's agenda is rash. There's something behind the boldness of their demands. - Like what? - I don't know. Until we determine what it is, we should proceed negotiating the release of the prisoners. How's he doing? He's dehydrated. But I think the damage is more emotional than physical. So, what can I do? Sydney, Steven was sent back with a message, but it had nothing to do with releasing prisoners. I don't get it. They told me if I disclosed their true demands to the CIA... ...Robin would die. What do they want? A Rambaldi artefact from Project: Black Hole in the Nevada desert. Lot 45. I don't know what it is. Why the false demands? Keep the CIA occupied. The Covenant is aware that I have clearance to enter the DSR facility. I have personal access codes. Access codes that can be traced back to you? My daughter's life is in their hands. If I could do this alone, I would. Whatever you need. Miss, this is a restricted area. Dude... ...this is sweet. I'm psyched to run into you. I was dunin' with my buddies, and I got separated. I've been just goin' in a circle for about an hour. Miss, you are not supposed to be here. I'm not? The map says... Have a look. Can you ever read these things? I can never tell. Dixon, I'm in position. Copy that. Arriving now. The director of research is expecting me. Thank you. Haven't had a chance to congratulate you on your promotion, Erin. Thank you for the recommendation. I'm sorry about your daughter. If there's anything we can do. I believe there is. Does the term "countershadow" mean anything to you? I'm not sure about countershadow. There are specific references to shadows in neopaganism. There's over a dozen references in the Bible. Anything Rambaldi-related? My son said his captors mentioned the word "countershadow." It's all I have to go on. I need access to a research terminal for an hour or so. Not a problem. Mind if I tag along? Actually, I have to tag along. We're at a Code Orange. You understand. Understand? I instituted the protocol. Dixon, I've reached the grate. Most of the files are cross-referenced within the archive. But we should also check the historical database. It's still sealed. This could take more time than I thought. Coffee? Sure. I'll have some brought in. Heat bubbles are getting critical. I'm gonna have to abort. - Are you alright? - I'm sorry. All this hits at the strangest times. I understand. Do you pray, Erin? No. I'm agnostic, actually. Dixon, temperature is 248 and rising. Why don't I give you a moment? Thank you. Sydney, I'm patching into the security console now. I'm through the grate. I'm in. This place... They've got every Rambaldi artefact ever collected. Dixon, Lot 45 is gone. Dixon, what do I do? Give me a second. I'll try to find it. It's been moved for analysis. Level eight, quadrant one. I'm on my way. Did you call the Algerian minister? Yes, sir. Hello, Ambassador? These negotiations are meant to fail. Why? I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about. All of the resources of this agency are being diverted to meet demands The Covenant must know are unattainable. Which leads me to believe it's merely a distraction. What do they really want? Well, then my question to you is why target Dixon? What does he have access to, Jack? Come on, Jack. If you want my help, you're just gonna have to trust me. He has access to Project: Black Hole. Proceed down the North corridor until you reach the central lab, room 74. That's where they're holding Lot 45. I'm approaching the door. It's locked. I'm working on it. Got it. - I see it. - Good. Can you get to it? I can try. Go ahead. I've got the artefact. I'll meet you at the rendezvous point. Copy that. Director Dixon! You forgot the hard copy. Thank you. You saved me a trip back here. You're welcome. I got your message. Dixon made contact. He's prepared to make the exchange. I understand. I must admit, I wasn't sure the good director had it in him. I'm impressed. That man is living through his worst nightmare. You might consider losing the sarcasm. How touching. You actually care. When is the meet? Four hours. Make sure nothing interferes. What is this about? I know you removed an artefact from Project: Black Hole to trade with The Covenant. I talked to Sloane. The Covenant is desperate to acquire a box constructed by Rambaldi. It's Sloane's understanding that they're close to locating a key to activate it. Why should we trust a thing Sloane says? Sloane believes the contents of that box, in The Covenant's hands, will put Sydney's life in jeopardy. And I believe him. Dad, there is something you should know. There's an inscription on the box. Mom's name. You cannot give The Covenant the artefact. Not until we know more. By then Robin could be dead. Jack, if I had another option... We can produce a duplicate artefact, send in a team to the exchange site, apprehend Sark once the trade occurs. If Sark in any way thinks we're trying to double-cross him, my daughter will suffer the consequences. - I can't take that risk. - I share your concern. Which is why I'm committed to finding a way out of this without risking my daughter's life as well. Robin didn't choose this life. I did. It's my decision to make, Dad. And the exchange is happening tomorrow. Then I'm going with you. Tell the Algerian minister that if he refuses, I will personally see to it that his foreign aid bill doesn't make it to the Senate floor. Sir, Project: Black Hole has been compromised. Tell him I'll call back. Excuse me? Lot 45 is missing. A list has been compiled of all visitors and workers at the facility in the last 24 hours. That'll be all. Yes, sir. This is Senator Reed. I want Marcus Dixon's name added to the federal watch list, and I want a tactical team deployed to bring him into custody immediately. What is it? Dixon needs our help. Air Unit One, what's your status? Air Unit One engaging GPS to locate the target area. - The helicopters are up. - We wouldn't ask -- Listen, say no more. If anybody ever laid a hand on my mini-Mitch, I swear... They're using a GPS navigation system - to vector the choppers. - Meaning? I might be able to uplink to their GPS receiver and induce a deviation error. Might or can? We'll find out soon enough. Air Unit One, receiving GPS signal. Proceeding to target area. I want my daughter. Once I take possession of Lot 45, my associate will release her. You have my word. Air Unit One, we're over the contact area. There's no one here. Well, it looks like they're taking a little detour outside of Long Beach Harbour over the Pacific Ocean. Thank you so much, Marshall. I'm afraid I'm going to need some insurance to guarantee I reach my extraction point safely. This collar contains a lethal cardiotoxin. Once I've placed this on your daughter, you'll have two minutes to disarm it before the compound is released into her system. You son of a bitch! That was not part of our agreement. This mechanism is well within your disarming capabilities. Two minutes is generous, in my opinion. You will not put that on my daughter. Use me instead. Put the collar on me. She's 13 years old. Alright, very well. If you try and remove this device before disarming it, the injection is instantaneous. Now I want my daughter. As always... it has been a pleasure doing business with you. You don't deserve to walk out of here alive. Before you consider taking any drastic measures, you should know that if I release my grip on this remote, the toxin will automatically go into your daughter's bloodstream. A fail-safe, if you will. As I said, you have two minutes. Get Robin out of here. - Do it. Now. - Go. Sydney, stand very still. The mechanism's armed. Our best bet is to sever its link to the relay board. I see it. It's wired to a mirror. If we clip the lead, it will register the voltage drop. Dad... Easy. It's okay. If I told you I was innocent of these charges, would you believe me? No. Look, Judy, why don't you ask yourself... If I wanted to damage you, if I wanted to damage the CIA, would I be so careless? Would I leave a trail that so obviously leads in my direction? You used me. I compromised my judgement because I believed that you had changed. But you are incapable of it. If you can't trust me now, I accept that. All I ask is that you respect the confidentiality in what I told you. Regarding my affair with Irina. I'm going home. Have you seen your father? I haven't seen him. Maybe that's a good thing. You might be right. It's come to my attention that Senator Reed's effort to retrieve Lot 45 was thwarted inexplicably. Well, I imagine the Senator will be gearing up for an enquiry. Although I doubt he'll find any concrete evidence of wrongdoing. Well, whoever intervened to save Robin's life, not to mention Sydney's, is owed my deepest gratitude.