So I am going to be part of the team that finds and disarms those warheads. I need your help. There are two things you need to know about this necklace. One, it's layered with C-4. If you remove it while it's armed, you'll break the circuit and it'll detonate. And two, if at any moment I believe you're attempting to escape or sabotage us, I'll activate this remote trigger and blow your head off myself. Back up now. - Is there something you'd like to tell us? - We'd like the warheads you've acquired. Thank you for the supplies. - Of course, of course. Absolutely. - Mr Vaughn... - Yes, sir. - Mr Vaughn. - Yes, sir. As soon as we find out. - The necklace has been deactivated. - I'll have to call you back. When? - Just now. - You've confirmed this? - Yes. - Satellite imagery detects combat. - Combat? - What just happened? - It's over. - Can we tell if there's any survivors? - Not with this bird. We need new satellites. Even if they survive, sending in a team is out of the question. - Why? They're on an authorised mission. - A clandestine mission. If we start scouring the countryside, the Indian government is gonna figure out that Pakistani-supported rebels in Azad Kashmir have acquired nuclear weapons. They're gonna launch pre-emptive strikes, the Pakistanis are gonna retaliate, and I'm gonna get called in front of a half a dozen congressional committees demanding to know why we screwed up. So the only thing we're interested in right now is how to make this problem disappear. I want an options paper from you in two hours. And after that I'd like to look quietly for the Bristows myself. - Nuclear weapons. - I understand. - I shouldn't have to define your priorities. - I don't think we should cut them loose. Listen, alive or dead, the mission failed. So if the Bristows are out there, they're on their own. Hey, man. Check this out. Nothing like more bad news, huh? - Maybe they were just a roving patrol. - No. PRF rebels would never be this deep into Indian territory without being dispatched. Your father's right. We had one advantage - surprise. Now that's gone. - Just a second. - Can't stop. More patrols could be in the area. Oh, God. - What happened? - Nothing. I just scraped my leg. - Dad, I can do it. - I got it. You need to stop the bleeding. Where are you going? These bushes, they have <i>Myrtus communis</i> berries. Their juice soothes the skin, helps healing. You should put this on first. - Seriously, I'm fine. - You're not fine. No, you're not fine. Jack, I know you're determined to get to Srinagar, but my contact in Jaipur is much closer. He's completely reliable, he has good equipment... This is a CIA mission. I have operational control. You're a prisoner. Your only function, sole reason you're momentarily breathing fresh air, is to use your knowledge of the rebels' base to help us steal the suitcase nukes and leave. That's why we're using people I know and trust. I'm not having this conversation again. - You OK? - Yeah. Thanks. This is not a power play. The facility we're headed for, security's tighter than the NSA. If I don't have the right equipment, it's pointless. We should move. OK. - I know what you're thinking. - Do you? Toaster. What are you guys talking about? We used to have this toaster at home. It was broken, and using it one night, I started a small fire. We had something like this to drink and we both had a little too much. I forgot about the toast I was making. When was this? You were four years old. There was so much smoke, we had to move out for a week. - We stayed in that hotel. - The Summit. The Summit. - Was that the hotel with the sundaes? - Yeah. I think you had one every night. You should get some sleep. - Jack? - I would have called. I need your help. Yes, yes, of course. No one can see you dressed like this. That's one of the reasons we're here. - It is good to see you again. - You, too. You look well. Well, imagine how bad I looked before. Are you who I think? - Is she yours? - Yes. He always brags about you. He showed me a picture once... We need to penetrate a class-A target outside Muzaffarabad. We'll need aliases, papers, transpo, ammo, sat phone, and security penetration. - Yes. Would you like some tea? - No, thank you. We also need tactical gear and high-resolution night-vision goggles. Yes. Except no. My main supplier died two months ago. - Suresh was killed? - Heart attack. We are old men, Jack. We don't live for ever, especially in Kashmir. Of course, I can provide aliases, basic weapons, access to satellite phone and transportation. - What kind of security? - Biometric sensors. Dual infrared passive and microwave sensors, fibre optics on the fence. - What's your timeframe? - We're already behind schedule. Well, I can do what I can do, but it might not be enough for you. We'll take whatever you've got. Thank you. Yes. First thing, you need to be looking not like you. - Hello? - Hi. I'm on a secure line. Sydney, we saw the blast. What happened? I'll fill you in later, but we were compromised. I'm so glad you're OK. What about your parents? Some people go miniature golfing with their parents. We go to India and look for nukes. Listen, Sydney, we intercepted a communication. The rebels say they're planning on activating the nukes tomorrow at 1 700. - Activate how? - We don't know. - Deploy? Detonate? - Activate, that's the word they used. Now, it might mean delivery, maybe detonation, we don't know. But we have to assume the worst, since they got the control codes through SD-6. And I got the control codes for SD-6 which means I can deactivate the nukes. If you get there in time. Perfect. Here. My truck is parked on the other side of the market. - I owe you. - What kind of air filter does it have? - A foam filter. - That won't work. - It'll clog up in the desert conditions. - We'll return the truck as soon as we can. We cannot use this truck. It'll never get us there. I know you think I'm always second-guessing you. This is my decision. It is not negotiable. Listen to me, both of you. We have a job to do. Your issues are going to have to be dealt with later. Please excuse us. Right now we have six suitcase nukes that are going to be activated tomorrow. - Is that confirmed? - CIA doesn't have any details. They want us to deactivate the nukes and steal them. CIA needs to get authorisation for a pre-emptive strike now. They need confirmation that the nukes are there. - It'll be too late by then. - Not if we work together. This is the way it's gonna be. Dad will decide how we get to the base. It's his call. Once we arrive, Mom takes over. You were an officer there. You know your way around. You'll lead us into the facility, to the nukes and back out. Then you will resume control and get us home. There will be no objections to and no deviations from this plan. Three of these bins are filled with grain. Irina, you'll be in the fourth. - You can't be serious. - She's the most likely to be recognised. The rebels are looking for a three-person team, so we have a better chance of avoiding detection if we alter our configuration. Are you sure she can breathe in there? - Dad, we need to get moving. - I know. I'm just preparing myself to let Irina out. It'll be fine. Sydney, I've been doing this job a long time, so when you lectured me about continuing the mission and laying down protocol... - Dad, my point was... - I know what your point was. And the truth is, I needed to hear it. I'm proud of you, that's all. Thank you. What are we doing here? This is not the drop. The filter got clogged, didn't it? We're still ten miles away from the base. We need to hike to the field where we'll access a sewage tunnel. That'll lead us into the facility. - I thought you said security was heavy. - It is on the other side of the facility. At the entry point we're using, the rebels rely on land mines to keep intruders away. We don't have the equipment to detect land mines. We don't have the equipment because your contact didn't come through. I know where the mines are planted. You wanna walk through a minefield you haven't seen in 19 years? - Is there another way? - And assume no new mines? I just spent five hours in a grain bin. It's my turn now. Let's get to it. I just spoke with Gerard Cuvee, leader of the PRF. He's quite charming, really. More like a banker than a rebel leader. But, then, you're a money man too, aren't you? Is everything in place? The nuclear cores will be activated at 1 700 hours. As soon as it's done, they'll upload the results to our server. Yeah? Sir, I have someone calling regarding your wife. They won't identify themselves. Record the call. I need some privacy. - Yeah? - Romantic touch, don't you think? Your wife's ring finger. By now your lab's confirmed that despite your best efforts, you didn't kill Emily, and now I have her. - What do you want? - One hundred million in bearer bonds. - This is about money? - Everything is about money. Instructions for the drop have been electronically mailed to you. You've got 24 hours. Fail to deliver the bonds, and the next delivery will go to the Alliance. Where did the PRF get all these mines? You Americans have the worst inventory controls in the world. So, Sydney, how's school? I'm writing my dissertation, supposedly. Quiet. Behind the tree. To your left, Jack. Jack, I need a gun. Don't move. You're on a mine. Sydney, don't move. Five steps forward. Three to your left and straight towards us. - Are you hurt? - No. The bullet hit my vest. It's an M26 antipersonnel mine. We'll need to pry off the panel and remove the blasting cap. You need to cut the detonator core that leads to the blasting cap. Her knife's not coated. If she cuts the wires with metal, she'll complete the circuit and set it off. I can do it. It's OK. Over that hill is the entrance to the sewer tunnel. We should hurry. Follow closely. Contact the Bristows. Tell them to pull out immediately. I have no way of initiating. Why? The Indians found out the Pakistani rebels have acquired nukes. - They're launching air strikes in 24 hours. - What? We have to get 'em to back off. We're trying, but they're angry we knew about the nukes and kept it from them. - They're insisting on going forward. - Then let me make a personal appeal. Vaughn, everybody is working on this already - State, NSC, DOD. Look, you're probably gonna say no to this, but I wanna go to India. I was stationed there for two years. I have relationships... Go. - Go? - I'll have a military aircraft waiting. This is totally back channel. You're just gonna... Are you trying to get rid of me? Clear. We're here. The nukes will either be in a sealed R&D lab or a vault located in the subbasement. The lab's the better bet because its security system is more sophisticated. - So we check the vault first. - Not if we only get one shot. The lab has thermal sensors to detect intruders through their body heat. If we raise the room to body temperature - 98.6 degrees - the sensors won't be able to distinguish between us and the thermostat level of the lab. Sydney, you'll get to the central heating control panel here. It's located in a room near the stairwell in the subbasement. - Find the panel for zone three. - Got it. Jack, the lab door is controlled by a voice-recognition system. Only Cuvee's voice is programmed to open it. We need to break into the main computer system here to access his file. You'll erase his voice and substitute your own. - I'll be in Cuvee's private office. - You and I are not separating. Not in here. Jack, listen to me. Unless I deactivate the facility's surveillance system from Cuvee's office, we won't get anywhere near the nukes. No. You've done good work getting us here. I'm not blind to that. But I'm also far from trusting you. If you want those nukes for yourself, this is a perfect setup. You were an officer in this facility. You've got friends here willing to work with you. Friends? Know what this place was when I was here, Jack? A prison, where the KGB interrogated suspected traitors. And no, I wasn't an officer here. I was a prisoner. Why do you think I learned the sewage tunnels or memorised the mine locations? So I could escape, you idiot. We're out of time. We either split up and meet at the lab in five minutes or we're going back. - It's your choice. - She's right. We don't have any more time. I'll be in the lab in five minutes. I promise. You better be. Thank you for agreeing to this emergency meeting. Despite my best efforts to comply with your orders to kill my wife after she learned the truth about SD-6, someone interfered. And this person is now extorting me for her return. Last week the blackmailer sent me Emily's finger, her ring finger. Lab tests confirmed that Emily was alive when they severed the finger. Blood coagulation tests are not 100 per cent accurate. Yes, but they are reliable. Then two days ago security section obtained those. Those are photographs of airport security in Santiago and London. We have confirmed that Emily was on flight manifests last week. - Any ID on the man with her? - No. But the blackmailer wants a hundred million in bearer bonds for her return. Who else knew about your instructions to kill Emily? Only the people in this room. You believe one of us may be behind this? No. But someone has infiltrated our secure communications. - Well, whoever it is will get nothing. - No, it's not quite that simple. We have to eliminate this leak before more damaging information about the Alliance gets out. So I propose that we put a tracking device on the bonds, that we make this exchange, that we follow the blackmailer, and we assassinate him. You understand, Arvin, after all this, if you get your wife back, she will still have to be eliminated. I understand. - The thermal sensors are neutralised. - Where's your mother? I haven't seen her. We got this far. She must have gotten to Cuvee's office and disabled the surveillance system. She'll be here. We're not waiting. Use the control codes to begin deactivation. The plutonium core is gone. Hi, Mr Sloane. It's me, Marshall. Sorry. You probably already know that. You planned this. Anyway, the tracer on the bonds is working perfectly. Good. I'm turning off my comm. - Yeah? - I see you. Leave the briefcase on the bench and keep walking. Proceed toward the corner while we verify the authenticity of the bonds. Yeah, I got you, baby. Right into my wheelhouse. Come on. Go to the row of vending machines. Take the <i>City View,</i> fifth from the top. I told you. Ain't nobody gettin' by Magic Marshall's invisible liquid tracer. I say, come on. Come on. Wait a minute. Wait, no. Where'd... Oh, God, no. No! Not to brag, but I'm kind of responsible for matchmaking you and Irina. Didn't she tell you? I was her supervisor at the KGB. I was the one who gave her the assignment to go to the US and marry a CIA officer. Now, you weren't the only prospect, of course, but you had the most potential. I actually thought it would dawn on you that a woman like this would never go for someone like you. Luckily for me, your ego was too big for that. - You're a dead man. - Wait, wait. I want what we came for. Sark's made a deal with us. What kind of double-cross is he planning? Maybe you didn't hear me. We know Sark has a new partner. Who is it? Get the information and meet me in my office. I was caught. I had to do this or we'd all be killed. They're not detonating the nukes. Here's what you have to do. Is everything on target? - We ran into a few problems but... - What kind of problems? We've got it under control. We'll proceed as planned. Then I'll expect your report on the Rambaldi artefact within the hour. Trust me on this. If you don't make it out, I'm sorry this happened. Mr Vaughn, good to see you again. But I'm afraid you came a long way for nothing. General, we have people at the PRF base right now stealing the nukes. And if they fail, we'll be the Pakistani's first target. - They won't fail. - You can't guarantee that. If you launch those strikes now, you will be killing some of our best assets. Mr Vaughn, your government knew the rebels acquired the suitcase nukes and still they said nothing. They placed our whole country at risk. At least delay a few hours until we get our people out. I'm sorry. The air strike goes as planned. You look more like your father every time I see you, you know that? My father wrote about you in his journal. He wrote that he trusted you and respected you. That is why I came such a long way. I cannot call off the strike, but I will give you a head start. - Meaning what? - Meaning a chopper and a pilot. But if you are going to try to rescue your friends, you are doing so at your own risk. - Dad. How'd you get free? - Sydney, your mother was helping us. What? What about Cuvee? She was torturing you. She was putting on a show for Cuvee. Before she left, she put these in my hand. She told me they're using the cores to activate a Rambaldi artefact. They're not detonating the nukes? Among the things Rambaldi experimented with was self-sustaining cell regeneration. This artefact they're opening today is reported to be Rambaldi's proof of endless life. Endless life? We have no time to make any meaningful assessment. All I know is that your mother claims to have provided us with the opportunity to contact the CIA for extraction, and we should act on it. - Can't this thing go any faster? - This is it. We're going against the wind. - Operations. - Boot Camp, this is Mountaineer. Voice ID number Alpha, Charlie, 710. I need to speak with Agent Vaughn. Vaughn's not available. Let me give you Kendall. - Agent Bristow, do you have the package? - We're in process. We'll need extraction within the hour. Abort. The Indians have launched air strikes against the base. Air strikes? We're not finished. You have to get them to hold off. Listen to me. Fighter planes are in the sky. - You have to leave now. - Not until we get my mother. Agent Bristow, I am ordering you to pull out and head for the extraction point immediately. This is Jack. You'll either hear from us again, or you won't. Our assignment from the CIA is to bring her back. That's our job. A flower? That's what this is all about? We need to get the cores and get outta here. It's Vaughn. We got the cores. Tell them to call off the air strikes. This is Agent Vaughn. Abort the air strikes. Repeat, abort the air strikes. - You must have a lot of questions. - Yeah. One thing that should not wait any longer is why I shot you in Taipei. The rebel leader, Gerard Cuvee, when you were in Taipei, he was in the next room watching to see if I would betray him or you. Shooting you in the shoulder, giving you time to escape, it was the only way I could think to maintain his trust and keep him from killing both of us. We're both tired. You should get some rest. You, too. Mom. - Hi. - Hey. Any word on the flower? Preliminary analysis indicates that it's anywhere from 400 to 600 years old. Like I said, preliminary. What's this? s there nothing I can say, nothing I can do To change your mind? I'm so in love with you We're too deep in, you can't get out You're just a poor girl in a rich man's house Yeah, baby, I'm crying over you