also a double agent with CIA. Get down. We'll have to learn to trust each other. Bristow's CIA contact: Michael Vaughn. My guardian angel. Her current assignment: to infiltrate and destroy SD-6, a secret organisation dealing in espionage, extortion, weapon sales, posing as the CIA. SD-6 has made over $400 million in arms sales alone. The sanctity of this agency requires the sacrifice of some personal freedoms. This is not about cutting off an arm of the monster. This is about killing the monster. Bristow's mother: formerly Russian intelligence, recently turned herself in to the CIA. Mom? Intel indicates she may still be an enemy of the United States. The true loyalty of Agent Bristow's mother remains unknown. Previously on <i>Alias:</i> The only way SD-6 will let you live is if you destroy the life you've got. If you don't go public with this, you'll be a dead man. I'm scared. I know. You ready? Are you suggesting that I kill my wife? Yeah? On my way. I'm Assistant Director Kendall. I'm told you want to cooperate. Hey, Mr Bristow. Come on in. Let me ask you a question. Let's say you're hanging out at your favourite neighbourhood restaurant, with some friends... Or whatever. You like to go there. You like the food. What colour are the walls? I'm not really into interior decorating. I'll get Syd. Syd, your dad's here. OK. I'll be right out. You know, to the Vietnamese and Chinese, the colour white means death and bad fortune. - Try red. - Really? Hi. Will's sentencing is at two. I'll meet you there? Yeah. Did you hear about Will? The story he made up? He was high the whole time. Yes. I saw that on the news. Unfortunate. You know what I wanna do to the guy who introduced Will to heroin? I wanna kill him. - With my hands. I just wanna kill him. - I can imagine. I'll see you at the courthouse. And I'm gonna go buy some red paint. I thought you'd wanna know - your mother's transfer is complete. She's being held at a joint task force facility downtown. The idea that the CIA is willing to work with Irina Derevko is insane. Worse - it's naive. Your mother didn't just conveniently turn herself in. This is all part of a manipulation. Well, she's their problem now. She's not yours. She's not mine. You OK? My shoulder's healing, if that's what you mean. It's not, actually. Thanks for asking. I'm fine. I don't support the death penalty, but I hope that she dies for all that she's done. I really do. Arvin Sloane is a man of integrity and courage. As the head of SD-6, he brilliantly executed Alliance policy - helping to slowly and invisibly seize control of world markets, governments and technology. Now, as the newest full partner of the Alliance, I feel confident that he will play a major part in shaping that policy for years to come. I speak for everyone when I offer you my condolences on the passing of your wife. Thank you. We respect and admire your willingness to do what was necessary in that matter. You have been made aware of the initiation procedure? I have. - And the reasons for it? - Yes. Welcome to the Alliance. Sloane got back from London last night a full partner of the Alliance. Emily knew the truth. Her death, his immediately being let in? I am convinced he killed his wife to get that seat. Killing his wife wouldn't surprise me. Eating his wife wouldn't surprise me. SD-6 and the Alliance believe that my mother is in hiding and they know that Khasinau's dead, and they are correct to assume that what's left of her organisation is vulnerable. The Alliance wants whatever assets they can get their hands on. - So where are they starting? - My mother used blackmail extensively. In running her operation, she would get dirt on people - powerful important people - and coerce them into doing whatever she needed. Pornographic photographs, illegally obtained audio files, names, dates - they're all on one computer disc. So what does the Alliance want? The dirt? To hear Sloane tell it, it's all about God and country. It is our obligation to do whatever we can to retrieve the disc. Now, what you're looking at is the El Sebkba Hotel in Rabat. A Derevko operative named Mohammed Naj lives and works out of the fourth floor. Early last week the blackmail disc in question was taken to a vault at that location. The operation is simple - break into the vault, retrieve the disc. My flight's at six. Well, we'll make contact with a countermission no later than three. OK. - How's Weiss? - He's still in the hospital. But the doctors say he's gonna be OK, and until then, I've gotta feed his fish. Yeah? Yes. Let him through. - It's Kendall. - What does he want? - I don't know. - I don't trust him. - We have to hear him out. - Hear him out? He arrested me. - He's in control of operation. - He thought I was the devil. Mr Vaughn, Agent Bristow. Did you clear this meeting through Devlin? No. I'm sorry. I don't have time to go through channels. There's been an interesting development regarding your mother. As you know she surrendered to the CIA and claims to want to cooperate. So she's handed over her agency's operations manual - the Bible? No. And she won't talk about it. She won't talk to us about anything. Then as far as I'm concerned that's the end of the story. Well, that's the interesting development. It seems that the only person she's willing to talk to is you. - Then you're outta luck. - I'm afraid you're gonna have to talk to her. - Excuse me, you can't compel Agent... - That's exactly what I can do. Are we through? I don't have to remind you that this is a matter of national security, do I? Yeah, we're through. I'll wait to hear from you. Just so we're clear, Mr Vaughn. I know all about your participation in busting Bristow out of federal custody. Convince her to talk to her mother or face charges for obstructing justice and harbouring a fugitive. Guess it's two-for-one day on blackmail. So, Mr Tippin, do you understand what you're being accused of here today? - Yes, Your Honour, I do. - Felony charge of heroin possession. Misdemeanour count of being under the influence of a controlled substance. - How are you pleading? - Guilty. Under Proposition 36, you are to receive probation, and are hereby ordered to complete a certified drug treatment programme. In addition, you must complete 100 hours of community service. Fail to meet any of these requirements and you will serve time. It's a subvocal mike. With it we can hear what's going on between you and Dixon at all times. And as soon as you can, I want you to go radio silent with him so you and I can talk. - Call waiting for spies. - Yeah. Now, the blackmail disc is in a safe in Naj's suite on the fourth floor. As soon as you get it, you'll deliver it to this man - Richard Schmidt. He's working under a diplomatic cover at the Rabat embassy. He'll be waiting for you on the third floor. Now, Sloane is obviously looking for something specific. We don't know what. Schmidt will scan the disc, analyse what's on it, and spit up a bogus copy that's close enough to the original to fool Sloane. That's the disc you'll deliver to SD-6. OK. Or... you could ask your mother about the contents of the disc. Kendall must really be putting on the pressure for you to ask me that. Yeah. He is. But I've been thinking about it myself. Sydney, you're good at this. I mean, this is what you're trained for. Compartmentalising your emotions - you do it on every mission, you do it with Sloane. This isn't the same. Syd, I would never force you to do this. I would never make this an official request. But I also know that what you want more than anything is to destroy SD-6 and bring an end to the Alliance, and if she can help us, then why not use her? Because I can't. Because I won't. Maybe you could shut down with her, I couldn't. I'll talk to you from Rabat. I spoke with Agent Bristow and she has no intention of speaking with her mother. - Mr Vaughn... - Yes, sir, I know, it's unacceptable. Let me remind you you're asking a woman to go face to face... - You don't need to remind me of anything. - With the woman who abandoned Sydney. I know the story and I know that you have your own issues... - I have issues with her. So should you. - I've read the reports. - Mr Kendall, Irina Derevko shot Sydney. - Yes, she shot Sydney. Point-blank range. She could have killed her. But didn't kill her. Did not. That woman, 48 hours ago, was 100 per cent pure bad news, but now she's ours. And there is just a chance, Mr Vaughn, that she has turned. When she got done with my father, he could only be identified by his dental records. Yes. Nevertheless, she headed up an organisation that controlled people who influence policy decisions at NATO, the UN, the World Bank. Even with all our resources, the CIA doesn't know the scope of her operation - the key players, their methods, acquisitions, ambition. I can get her to talk. I don't want you to ask Sydney to see her ever again. Well, I'm not gonna make that promise. You're not the easiest guy to work with, are you? No. No, definitely not. - I have a 20 on Naj and his bodyguard. - OK, I'm coming in. OK, Syd. We're on. - Syd, you close? - I'm right behind you. - You know, you always do that. - What? What you just did with your hair. It's your thing. - I don't have a thing. - It is. It's your thing. If the rest of the hotel is like this, sarà perfetto. - And how may I help you? - My name is Beatrice Cunelli. Mio marito Silvio and I are in town for three months, while I recover from a <i>ridiculo</i> jet skiing accident off the coast of Majorca. Presidente Travel Agency booked us into the Derrahm, which turns out to be totalmente inaccetabile. Now that I see this, I call Silvio and tell him "Bring the bags right over." Your bags? Comunque, we were at a cocktail party last night, and the consul general says that he simply raves about this place. Naturally, I called and booked a suite <i>immediamente. </i> There must be some mistake, mademoiselle. We are completely full. Do me a favour, darling. Check for me. Beatrice Cunelli. Yes. Of course. But I'm pretty sure it's... - Reservation for Mr and Mrs Cunelli. - I hope it's a room with a view. All right, Dixon, I've got the key to Naj's suite. I'm on my way. We're interested in a computer disc containing information used for blackmail. We believe you're familiar with this item. That's an implied question. I'll make it clear for you. Are you familiar with this item? I know you wanna see your daughter. I can guarantee you that is never gonna happen unless she knows you're cooperating. Prove yourself. Give Sydney a reason to see you. Sydney? Interesting. Agent Bristow is in Rabat now, seeking to recover the list. Is there anything she should know? Next to the safe there's a fire alarm. If you wanna protect her, tell her to pull it first, then open the safe. Why? I've given you a gift, and all you get from me is one. You look just like him. I'm through with the prisoner. To find the safe, you're gonna need this. Now, it looks like just a normal metal detector. Well, it is. That's right. We're going old school on this one. Now, the safe is a Walderson. It's an original. The craftsmanship is incredible, which, lucky for you, the same can be said about this. You know those stethoscopes that outlaws would use to rob banks back in the... You know, with the horses and the guns and the ca... Well, I studied how those worked, being a bit of an outlaw myself. Basically, this - superamplified version of that. Now, you just place this over the dial - this part right here - and you type in 793. 793. That spells "Syd", in case you forget. 793. Cos on a phone the numbers and the letters... You know that. And, basically, this will do the rest for you. - I need to talk to Agent Bristow. - She's now radio silent. If we try and communicate her SD-6 partner could hear us. And if we don't, she might trigger the alarm. The locking mechanism is a set of wheels. The trick is to line up each notch on these wheels with contact points. Now, once each notch is lined up, part of the combination will appear. Now, when they all line up, the lock will open. - We're almost there. Going radio silent. - Just be careful. - Now. - Freelancer. This is Boot Camp. - Do you copy? - Go ahead, Boot Camp. Sydney, do not open the safe. - What? - Is there a fire alarm on the wall? - Yes. - OK. Listen to me. It's a fail-safe. Do not open the safe until after you pull the alarm. We had no intel on a fail-safe. Where'd you get this information? Vaughn spoke with your mother. The intel came from her. It's her disc, she's familiar with the vault. If there's a fail-safe, only she's gonna know. And what if there's not? I'm just supposed to pull the fire alarm? Sydney, I know this sounds crazy, but I think it's for real. Vaughn, she wants me dead. If that were true, Agent Bristow, she would have killed you in Barcelona. Did you talk to my father about this? Two minutes ago on the phone while we were waiting for you to go radio silent. - What did he say? - Your dad? - The answer is no. - All I'm asking is that you consider it. - Consider the source. - I don't need to be lectured. - This woman is not to be trusted. - Jack, listen to me. In no circumstances discuss this with my daughter. I don't think your father can think clearly where your mother's concerned. - And you can? - I'm trying. She has nothing to gain by lying. Miss Bristow, I want you to pull that fire alarm. Sydney. I'd do it. Agent Bristow, pull that alarm. See what I mean? Dixon, I've tripped some kind of alarm. What do you see? Naj and his bodyguard are on their way up. Just look for the disc. I'll handle Naj. This is Freelancer. I've got the blackmail disc. What's your position, Freelancer? - Leaving the suite. Heading for the stairs. - On my way. We got it. Do you have it? - Syd, do you have the disc? - Yes. OK. - What happened? Did you get it? - Negative. - What? - I repeat: the disc was not transferred. The satellite feed is up. Sloane wants the information asap. Good job, Syd. Alain? Arvin. Yeah. I thought you should know that SD-6 is in possession of the blackmail disc. Thank you. And more good news. You know that gentleman we discussed? Peter Fordson. Well, we now have information on him. Photographs. No. Of his daughter. Apparently, he's willing to pay a high price to keep them private. Well, if you saw them, you'd know why. I leave for Helsinki tonight. I'm seeing Fordson myself. I wanna talk to my mother. I hate her. I don't understand her. I think she's a monster. But if she can help us bring an end to SD-6, then what I think is irrelevant. I'm not so sure. - What? - I've been thinking about it. - I'm not certain that's a good idea. - Is this about my father? - He has a point. - He can't think clearly about her. That woman has an agenda. - I screwed up. - I wouldn't be so quick to trust her. - We don't know what she's after. - If I'd listened to her, we'd have the disc right now. All I know is she offered good intel and I didn't choose to use it. Now SD-6 has the blackmail disc. We don't know what they want with it, but they've got it now and we don't, and it's my fault. I know I'm the one who tried to convince you to see your mother, to be unemotional with her. I thought I could do it, see her, and be as cold-blooded as she is. It's hard to explain what it feels like... sitting across from her. What she did to my family, to my father. But she's your mother, Sydney. With all she's done, she is your mother. Vaughn, if you're worried about me... you don't need to be. I called you in to say thank you. We now have the disc, and it's because of you. What was on it? Horrible things. Private moments. The disc is a collection, a physical manifestation, of human weakness. A tool that some people... that your mother used to extract favours from those in power. Which, Sydney, is something that I wanted to talk to you about. Your mother. - What about her? - You saw her in Taipei? Yes. Well, I just... I just wanted to remind you that I am here for you, if you ever need to talk. Thank you. I wanted to cut off my hand. Did he say anything else about the blackmail disc? - Why the Alliance wanted it? - No. I thought you'd have seen it. No. Sloane sent the disc to Alliance headquarters in London. I'll see if I can find out whatever was on the disc and why it was so important. How are you going to do that? I'll ask Mom. - You've agreed to see her. - Yes. - Sydney, she is the enemy. - And so is Sloane. And if the devil herself wants to help me bring him down, fine by me. She has never been interested in helping you. - She told me to pull the alarm. - Yes. And for all you know that could have made things worse. Sydney, you're smarter than this. Your mother wants you to think she's your ally, that she can you help get what you want. Her intel might even be accurate. Once. Twice. But the minute you start depending on her, she will gut you. Will, what happened to your face? You know the one thing they don't tell you about doing community service? - Sun block. - Oh, buddy. How'd it go? Hanging out with a bunch of fellow drug addicts? Picking up copies of the newspaper I used to write for with a stick? Not good. Oh, I saw you at the gas station over on National with some guy. Like, dark suit, 50. - That was the liquor licence guy. - What? Wait a minute. Like a Mafia guy? - Yeah, kinda. - Francie? It's gonna take six months to get a legitimate liquor licence. So you're hanging out with the Gambino crime family and you're giving me grief about doing drugs? - It's so not the same thing. - No, it's not. You're involved with organised crime. It's totally different. You have no idea what it takes to start a restaurant. I have to deal with contractors and subcontractors and... I know. I know. I used to work at the Metro desk. I wrote, like, two dozen pieces on restaurants - Health Department, ratings, code requirements... I just need a liquor licence. I know, what you need is someone who knows how the system works, someone who can help you navigate. What you need is me - you know, former drug addict reporter. And sometimes lobster impersonator. I'll help you out. To get to the facility where your mother is being held, you'll go through a secret entrance. Start at the southwest corner of Riverside Park. Head east until you pass a homeless man sitting in front of a statue. He'll have a sign indicating he's a Vietnam vet. He'll have a cup. Drop a coin in it. Freelancer requests covert entry. - Copy that. Routing her in. - At Riverside turn left. The traffic cameras will identify if you're being visually or electronically tracked. In the underpass beneath the 134 there's an emergency phone. It's out of order. If it's ringing, you've been cleared of all surveillance. This is a series of three-digit codes. Memorise them. They rotate weekly. After the phone rings, enter the appropriate code. In front of you there's an industrial shipping container. On the backside, a door will unlock. You'll go down a steep set of stairs through a series of checkpoints, and a quarter mile later you'll be at the operations centre. Agent Bristow? Vicki Crane. Right this way. Mr Kendall. Glad you changed your mind. You didn't pull the alarm. I wouldn't have pulled it either. We need to know who and what is on the disc. How's your shoulder? - The disc? - Peter Fordson. - Who? - Peter Fordson. He has a file on the disc. He's the man SD-6 will go after first. Why? - One step at a time. - I need to know why. No. You want to know why. There is a difference. Go after Fordson. Trust me. Why should I do that? Because I'm your mother. Here's what we know about Fordson. He's based in Helsinki. A year ago his company contracted with the Pentagon to manufacture a terahertz wave camera. Put in a satellite they can see into NORAD undetected. Last month Fordson failed to make delivery, complaining of production problems. Or produced the camera just fine but planned on delivering it to your mother. So SD-6 wanted that disc so they could blackmail Fordson into giving them the camera. Phillips, get the floor plans for the Lasgrove building. Any intel we've got. Crane, I want a meeting on op tech in one hour. You're going to Helsinki. You're gonna get that camera. He's got great bedside manner, huh? The guards will be changing shifts in two minutes. You should be in the lab by the time they leave and have five minutes before they get back. How could I forget the wonderful things that keep me amused? How could I forget to worship you each day? I remember somewhere in my soul Syd, Sloane's here. - He's after the camera too. - You wanna call off the op? No. We go for it. - Are you sure? - I just need a minute. Mr Fordson. Arvin Sloane. You Americans are persistent. I'm telling you on the phone our company's not looking for new partners, and still you come all this way. - Syd, you ready? - The handbrake won't lock into place. Why don't we talk about it on the balcony? Shall we? Syd, he is headed right towards you. - I'm not ready yet. - Well, you better get ready. Syd, he's gonna see you. I'm good. Thanks. I'm at 14. - Where's Sloane? - With Fordson, putting on the squeeze. - This is your proposal? - No. My proposal is that we go downstairs, that you give me your T-wave camera and that I keep your daughter's depravations our secret. Derevko's gone. You work for me now. Let's not waste time. Sloane just left. I repeat: he is on his way. Found it. Syd, only four more floors to go. Got it. Meet me at the extraction point. Let's go. This is where it was. I'm telling you. Well, if it's not here, it's somewhere. I don't know. I swear to God, I don't know. Just think about it. Where could it be? 'Twas in another lifetime One of toil and blood When blackness was a virtue and the road was full of mud I came in from the wilderness, a creature void of form "Come in" she said "I'll give you shelter from..." We're on the same side. It's time you started acting like it. Agent Bristow. Hi. We had a briefing with Derevko about T-wave technology, what she knows about how it works. Two hours, and your mother didn't say a single word. - It's Vicki, right? - Yeah. With an <i>i</i> - at the end. Vicki, I'm tired and I wanna go home. I don't mean to be rude but if there's nothing else... Oh, no. I'm sorry. There isn't, no. Except the one she did ask was if someone would pass along her congratulations to you. She seemed really proud. I hope you get some rest. "Come in" she said "I'll give you shelter from the storm" I was burned out from exhaustion, buried in the hail I wanna see the prisoner. Hunted like a crocodile, ravaged in the corn "Come in" she said "I'll give you shelter from the storm" Suddenly I turned around and she was standing there Let's get something clear. You are not my mother. My mother was Laura Bristow. Laura Bristow died in a car accident 21 years ago. You are a traitor and a prisoner of the United States Government. Look at me. We will interact only when necessary. You will address me as Agent Bristow and answer only the questions I ask. There will be no personal anecdotes, no comments about my job performance, no condolences or congratulations. Do you understand me? Do you understand? Yes... Agent Bristow. I've heard newborn babies wailing like a mourning dove And old men with broken teeth stranded without love Do I understand your question, man,