more powerful than ever. You've told Bomani you'd work for The Covenant? Yes. And now I'm telling you I'm in a position to be a double agent, working for The Covenant but loyal to the CIA. What is it, Sydney? This is classic. There. You see that? He's saying "Jewel" or "Julie." Maybe "Julia." What videotape? The videotape that clearly identifies Sydney as the murderer of a Russian diplomat, Andrian Lazarey. I'm withholding this information from the NSC. That means, Agent Vaughn, that you are prohibited from discussing this with your wife. Is that understood? Yeah. Vaughn, I have to know where I was and who Julia is. What I did. Hello, Sydney. What do you want? The Covenant is about to make a move. If you have intel, protocol is you pass it through Lauren Reed. She's your handler. Well, Ms. Reed is very able, but I'm afraid she cannot possibly comprehend the intricacies of serving two masters simultaneously. You were brilliant at it. The way you would walk into my office, look me in the eyes and lie to me. For me to succeed in my work as a double agent for The Covenant, I'll need your help. Your needs don't concern me. You'll find the details on toureurope.eu. It's encoded in the photo of the Vatican. Password is "Credit Dauphine," for old times' sake. Clever. I miss L.A. I miss Emily. I miss the friendship with your father. I miss your confidence and trust. Perhaps I can get it back someday? You will never have my confidence and trust. Or my father's friendship and respect. Ever. You don't want any Weiss on ice! Come on, buddy! Alright, I wasn't ready. Wait until I say the words "I'm ready." Hey! Hey! - What's the matter with you? - Nothing. My brother used to do this. Do what? Shut down like you're doing. Get all quiet. - That's not what I'm doing. - He'd deny it, too. And then he'd brood and get mopey like you're doing. Finally it got too much for him. He had to tell me what the problem was. It's been 3 weeks since I found out Sydney murdered Lazarey. I've been lying to my wife for 3 weeks. Come on, man. I know guys that lie to their wives for longer than that. You understand your brother didn't like talking to you because you say stupid things, right? Listen, you were ordered not to say anything, right? This isn't your choice. And she was ordered to find out who murdered Lazarey. That's my point. I'm engaged in preventing her from doing her job. She's gonna find out. I mean, you know she is. And that you're protecting Sydney. Yeah. See where I'm going with this? Well, this is why people from the CIA should not get married to people from the NSC. Don't poop where you sleep. Thanks a lot. Okay. Alright, you know what? That hurts. This is where Lange will be. I'll take care of it. It must be done a certain way. There is an extraction required. I assume you've stamped out the details. Your partner's been briefed. My partner? I don't think so. This is not a request. Look, if you don't trust me by now, perhaps you should be in business with someone else. And you can tell that to San'ko. We logged on to Tour Europe and downloaded Sloane's intel. The Covenant is after a device that will give them access to Russia's strategic arsenal. It was designed by this man, Robert Lange, hardware engineer for a German security firm. Lange was approached by someone posing as a Russian official. They contracted him to design a test for security flaws in their nuclear command and control system. This guy, Lange, created this really cool device. Basically, take it to any missile silo in all of Russia, and it interfaces with the launch-control console and bypasses all security protocols. Initiation codes, the commander's launch key, irrelevant. It's a skeleton key for Russia's nuclear weapons? Yeah, and to be honest, I'm just a little bit jealous. Did he deliver it to The Covenant? No, he discovered the man who hired him wasn't actually Russian defence. Lange went on the run to prevent The Covenant from getting what he'd invented. This is a picture of what he used to look like. According to Sloane's intel, Lange has surgically altered his appearance to hide from The Covenant. We know that tomorrow Lange is scheduled to meet this man, Heinrich Strauss, at the Club Delphi in Milan. He's picking up new identity papers. Remember, Sloane's intel came from The Covenant, so obviously they're looking to grab Lange and the skeleton key. Sydney and Vaughn, you need to get Lange before The Covenant. You'll leave tonight. Marshall will go over op-tech. Lauren, Sydney, I need a moment. Given the current situation, I need to make a change. I want you to take over as Sloane's handler. No. I'm sorry. That is not a good idea. While it's not my favourite job, can I ask why I'm being replaced? It's not an indictment. It's that Sydney is more familiar with the players. What players? There's Sloane and Sark. - That's it. - No, there's another. Sydney, Allison Doren is alive. She's alive? You can thank me later. You look like you've seen a ghost. I truly thought you were dead the last two years. You have to start at the beginning. Or the end, after the last time I saw you. Will Tippin discovered what had happened. That his girlfriend had been killed and I had been doubled to take her place. He had to be eliminated. What happened with Bristow? When The Covenant found you, you were both unconscious. I can only remember that in bits and pieces. She came home. I realised that she knew. She aimed the gun at me. The next thing I remember, it was three weeks later, and I woke up in a Covenant-run hospital outside Marseilles. It took me six months to fully recover. I've been working with them ever since. Were you behind them extracting me from the CIA? I wish I could claim credit for that. I only learned you were working with us recently. My tenure began shortly after my father's murder. They freed me in exchange for my inheritance. Who killed your father? I don't know. But I intend to find out. Bristow should have to pay for these scars. She will. I'm no longer Sloane's handler. Dixon gave that job to Sydney Bristow. Good. That frees you up to focus on the Lazarey murder. We have a source working inside the Russian government who's agreed to help us out. They have the assassin's identity? Not yet, but apparently they hold information that could lead us to it. Then why aren't they using it? Lazarey is a Russian diplomat. You'd think they'd want that answer more than us. The Covenant doesn't want anyone to know they're behind the assassination. And your source believes their reach extends so deep inside the Russian government that they can make that happen. You leave tonight. Any leak, and our source could be compromised and killed. No one from the CIA can know about this, including your husband. Vienna. Yeah, I know. Surprised me, too. For how long? Well, you know how they go. It's a NATO security briefing. Two days at the most. I'm surprised Lindsey reassigned you to cover a briefing. I know, but he said he needs me there. Couldn't exactly say no, could I? What about Milan? Should be a quick turnaround. I'll be back in a day. When we get back, when we're done with this, we need to go away. Desert? Anywhere. My superior indicated, Mr. Tupikov, that you have some information for us. How does a British woman become an American spy? I'm not a spy. And though I grew up in London, I was born in the United States. Now that you know my life story, I have some questions. Your government's running a probe into this. I would think you want to bring closure to your investigation. Why come to us? I explained this to your superiors. I want to hear it for myself. Andrian and I were colleagues since our time together at St. Petersburg University. I'm sorry. I have, for some time now, suspected the existence of a mole, whom I believe is still loyal to The Covenant. This is a file of digital recordings, all of which chronicle hundreds of phone calls made or received by our deceased diplomat, Andrian Lazarey. Perhaps the murderer can be traced through these calls. I trust you will see justice done for my murdered comrade. Where can I contact you? You can't. We never had this conversation. So, that camera Marshall gave us is a miniaturised X-ray camera. How much you want to bet this thing's leaking radiation? So we're looking for Lange. Yeah, the camera's supposed to I.D. his plastic surgery. It will transmit images back to my PDA that Marshall programmed to identify fractures, scar tissue, or implants. Anyone who's been under the knife. You okay? Is it Allison? Since I learned that she's alive, I just keep wondering... does she still look like her? Does she look like Francie? Because if she does, as much as I know I should keep her alive to maybe try to figure out the last two years of my life, all I'll want to do is kill her. Heinrich Strauss. He's the man providing Lange with identity papers. As we speak, he's getting drunk in the club. I'll keep an eye on him. The camera's in the stone. Do you mind? No. Thank you. Let's go. Let's go. Okay, we're looking for someone with massive facial reconstruction. Lange's about 5'10", 170 pounds. How's the camera working? The video's linking up now. Signal strength's at 100%. I'll start looking for Lange. Hey, check out that guy to your left. Buy me a drink? Nothing. I love this song. Okay, nothing there. Keep moving. Oh, check out the guy with no rhythm. No, only a nose job. Not enough to be Lange. Chin implant at 3.00. Collagen lips straight ahead. Okay, those breasts are real. - Should I get my nose done? - Maybe a little tapering. Get the bump removed? Whoa, wait. Go back. Go back to your left. 2.00. - There? - Yeah, yeah. Hold it. Just like that. Okay, nose, chin, cheek lift, eye config. That's Lange. And there's Strauss. He just got his identity papers. Someone has a laser sight on him! Vaughn, Allison's the shooter! She's up in the balcony! I'm on my way! Wait, Lange! Don't move! Lange ran out! I'm pinned down! Vaughn, where are you? I'm on the balcony. - Do you see her? - No, she took off. - I'm going after her. - I'm going after Lange. Hello. Sydney, she went down the elevator shaft. She has Lange. - What floor is she on? - The basement. - Why didn't she kill me? - Maybe she likes you. - Weiss, I'm serious. - So am I. Come on, she lived with you for months. She doubled herself as your best friend. Maybe in that time, she actually started to like you. I can see that happening. It was like she needed to keep me alive. I know this sounds weird, but it felt like she had been ordered not to kill me. Well, that's lucky. I want to know how she survived your fight two years ago. You shot her three times. - So, she took this guy's tooth? - She took the guy's tooth. Just when you think the world can't get weirder. - Hey. - Hey. Have we checked the records to see what's strange about his teeth? Langley cross-checked all files. They had nothing. - But then Lauren was a genius. - Genius isn't quite what I was. What did you do? I miss all the good briefings. Lauren realised we had Lange's X-rays, and we could use them to figure out what was in his tooth. The X-cam, Marshall's necklace. We used it to see who had plastic surgery. - I took the pictures myself. - Nice. I have a meeting with the NSC. I'll walk you out. Vaughn's right. The question isn't why she didn't kill you. It's "how come she's still alive at all?" Maybe Allison's a werewolf. Maybe the only way to kill her is with a silver bullet. Yeah. Okay, if you look here, this is Lange's jaw before his tooth was removed. If we look here, that looks like a normal filling that one would have after having a cavity. Get it filled, too much sugar and not flossing... which I do every day, twice a day. But upon further examination, I actually magnified it over a thousand times, and it's actually an RFID chip. Now, RFID stands for radio frequency identification. Flinkman, you know what would be great? English. Oh, right. I forgot. You're not that astute. Okay, what can I... Oh, you guys are familiar with the "quick pass" things you'd use at gas stations. Come on the key chains. Actually, I think I have one. Need a visual demonstration. You know, this little thing right here that lets you pay for your gas at the pump. Then you don't have to use your credit card... - Marshall. - Yeah? We're familiar with those. Lange has something like that in his tooth? Sort of, although it doesn't work at the gas station. Though, if it did, it would be wicked cool. We believe Lange used this to open a high-security lock. Yes, and I believe Lange kept this missile-launching device locked up and used this tooth to open the vault. Or briefcase. This device could be anywhere. We have to assume The Covenant has the location. As far as we know, they could have the device already. Sloane's our man in The Covenant, so I assume there's a plane waiting. How do I know what I'm looking for? I've supplied you with the time and date of Lazarey's murder. Screen all calls made in the weeks leading up to it. We think the killer is someone he expected. Was Lazarey killed by a man or a woman? A woman. It'll take awhile to filter all these calls. Calls with a red flag, run them through voiceprint analysis. Maybe we can make a positive I.D. on one of these callers. Sydney Bristow to see Arvin Sloane. Ja, he's been expecting you. Right this way. Yes, of course, Mr. Secretary. I will. I'd be happy to speak with the delegation from UNESCO at their convenience. Just let me know. Thank you. Give my regards to Nani. Yes. Bye. Sydney, I was very pleased when Dixon said that you agreed to be my handler. It was an assignment, not an agreement. The way a janitor doesn't agree to clean a toilet. But as your handler, you'll do what I say when I say. I select your assignments. I design your missions. I control you, not the other way around. Is that what you used to let Vaughn do? Control you? The intel you provided was accurate. The Covenant is in pursuit of a device that will give them access to Russia's strategic weapons. You failed to get Lange, didn't you? Lange is dead. The Covenant has an access code we assume will open a vault that contains this device. I see. And you know the location of this vault? No, but Sark and Allison do, and you're going to get them to give it to you. Allison. I was wondering when Allison would resurface. I'm sorry, Sydney. I can only imagine that seeing Allison must be very painful for you. You will set up a meeting with Sark and Allison. You'll explain that their travel plans have been compromised. You'll offer assistance in revising their arrangements. And pass the information on to you? That won't be necessary. You'll be wearing a wire. And if they discover that it's a setup? Then I get to hear them kill you. I went through the disk. There were 300 calls, and about 12% of them were encrypted, including this one from the day before the murder. Yes, this is Andrian. Hello, it's me. - Hello. - About the stock transfer... So I trust that you've located a safe place to park the asset. I have. When would you come by to discuss the particulars? Can you make time tomorrow at 3.00? Of course. I look forward to seeing you then. That has to be the killer. He was murdered at 3.15. I ran it through analysis. The woman's voice has been altered. Can you restore the original? No, it was altered at the source. I was able to access the Russian telephone exchange. - So you can do a trace. - I already did. See, whoever placed the call did an amazing job. They routed to Lazarey's PBX via a defunct satellite network, through the Internet, VOIP gateway, and over a landline at a secure telephone at this address. London. 34 Trenton Place. Knightsbridge. A company called K.N.G. Microtech. Good job. I found the office where the phone call originated. It's been empty for some time. I spoke to the leasing agent. According to their records, this office was leased a year ago, November 24th. A 4-year lease paid in advance. - Was there a name on the lease? - Yes, there was. I believe she's the person who killed Lazarey. Her name is Julia Thorne. I feel like a field agent again. Do you have a 20 on the targets? I've never told you about my time with the agency, have I? Yes or no? I was very patriotic once. No one's asking. Here they are. Mr. Sark. Allison. You're looking well. I look like someone else. When you hired me to undergo gene therapy, you promised you could reverse-engineer the process. Ah, but Sydney Bristow destroyed the technology that would have allowed us to return you. I'm sorry for your loss. You indicated it was important we meet. The CIA is onto you. My sources tell me the agency knows that you extracted an RFID chip from Mr. Lange. The plane that you chartered is under surveillance. As counsel to The Covenant, I suggest that you move up your timetable. If you let me know where you need to go, I'll have a plane waiting within the hour. - He's lying. - Allison. No, she's a wonderful judge of character. Sydney Bristow found you in Milan. If I were a betting man, I'd say she'd find you again. I'm simply here to help. There's no way Sark's gonna go for this. We're going to Bulgaria. The device is in a vault in Sofia. What did I tell you? This is the best plan ever. I can get you there first thing. Tomorrow morning. Done. Then our business here is complete. Ask them where I've been the last two years. I'll call you as soon as the arrangements are complete. Ask them, or I'll send feedback through your comm so loud they'll hear it and know you're wired. At which point they'll kill you. Sucks being a double agent, doesn't it? You know, Allison, I'm thinking... Seeing you again, I'm reminded of the things that happened over the past two years. I'm curious. Have you and Sydney Bristow crossed paths? Why? I heard you had an opportunity to kill her in Milan and that you didn't take it. The Covenant asked me not to. Really? Why is that? They want to retrieve something, something in her memory. Something she saw? Something she experienced? I don't know. I'm as curious as you are. Something you saw. What the hell is that? I have no idea. - We've been over this. - I know. The NSC techniques to recapture my memory are invasive. Invasive is too benign a word. We're talking about surgical procedures that could leave you with permanent brain damage. Allison said The Covenant wants to access something I saw. And we'll discover what that is in time. Dad, I am walking around with a secret in my head so fantastic that Covenant operatives have been ordered not to kill me. - I need to know what that is. - I understand. But we're not doing it like that. How do you propose we do it? I'm losing my mind! I just got off the phone with our N.I.S. Iiaison in Sofia. Once Allison's plane lands, you and Vaughn will coordinate with local authorities and track her to the vault. We'll wait until she retrieves the device, then apprehend her. - I understand. - You leave at once. - Is there a problem with that? - No, there isn't. I'll go over op-tech with Marshall. I want you clear on the rules of engagement. Yes, I know. Allison is another link to The Covenant. She is part of our larger agenda, and as such, is not to be killed. I want her dead. What? The order from Langley is to bring her in dead or alive. She killed my wife. She killed your best friend. So I look at this as an opportunity. The only reason I hesitated before was I hoped that she might have information for you. But now that we know there's no hope for that, I want that bitch dead. You want to track Allison, right? Well, I came up with a solution to that problem. The chip inside Lange's tooth, it uses a frequency signature, and that's how it unlocks the vault that contains his missile-launching device. You explained this. Now, this thing will hone in on the frequency and lead us to Allison, and she will lead us to the device. Oh, however, I wasn't really sure exactly the frequency that the chip transmits on, so I covered a broader spectrum. - Is that gonna be a problem? - No. No, not really. Alright, kind of. It might be set off by microwave ovens, so I would steer clear of pancake houses of the international variety. Got it. See, the Eprom chip isn't finished burning, so it's gonna be a while. Well, let me know when it's ready. Actually, can I ask you a favour? - Sure. - I don't know if you've noticed. But I'm not that smooth around the ladies. In fact, I'm a little awkward. Let's face it. I mean, you got the looks, I got the brains. I wanted to propose to Carrie, so I came up with an idea, and I was hoping you could give me some feedback. I've got the looks, you got the brains? Tell me what you think, and be brutal. Just be honest. Don't hold back or anything. Okay. You're the micro in my chip The giga in my byte I think about you, Carrie Every morning, noon, and night Morning, noon, and night - That's... - Carrie! We had sushi I'll protect you, can't you see? Carrie, marry me I love you. I love you. No good? - I think she's gonna say yes. - Really? 'Cause of the rock-jam song? Maybe in spite of the rock-jam song. Alright. Alright. Oh, hey, your thing's ready. Thanks, Marshall. Rock 'n' roll! Sloane put Allison on the ground 20 minutes ago. We have a visual. There she is. What is that place? It looks abandoned, like an old hotel. - Do you have an address? - Yeah. 14205 Beckerman. I'll tell the pilot. Put us down near 14205 Beckerman. Roger that. What kind of range does this have? Marshall said it should track the signal Allison's using for 50 yards, but he also said it could be set off by microwave ovens. - That's great. - Yeah. Do you have a signal? Allison's in there, or someone's making microwave popcorn. Let's go. Where is she? Hold on. Upstairs. She's 30 feet down on the left. We can't track her without the chip. I'll go this way. Okay. - She's in the west stairwell. - Copy. Well, this is familiar, isn't it? I was thinking about this last night. I couldn't sleep. If I follow my orders, if I don't kill you, you're gonna kill me. Sorry about Francie. I was just following orders. Once I'd been doubled, I had to take her place. We did, like, 80 dinners. We're a huge success. Hello? Mom, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for a second, okay? Oh, my... Move into the kitchen. - You're me. - I am now. Mom, I'm gonna have to call you back. I had nothing against her. She just was a casualty of circumstance. Don't blame yourself. There's no way you could have known. Just like when you recovered Rambaldi's journal. You had no idea it contained a formula. What are you talking about? A formula for a medication that would ultimately be used to help heal my wounds. So, yeah, you almost killed me, but then you also saved my life. I shot her, and we got the device. I know what you wanted, but she had a pulse. Where is she now? They've taken her to a hospital. Civilian ambulance? Yeah, with an armed guard. Why? I'll call about getting her extradited. I want an update on her condition as soon as you get it. Okay. Good work, Syd. Thank you. The Rambaldi book. Do you remember a formula for a medication? No. We've got to find that ambulance. You sure this is the route they would take? This is the only way to the hospital. There is no other. Wait, this makes no sense. If Allison had backup, they would've been at the hotel. I don't think she needed backup. What do you mean? I think she did this herself. The paramedics said she barely had a pulse.