Yeah. He was my father. He was a good man. Thank you. The Passenger is... your sister. According to Rambaldi's manuscript, The Hourglass will only reveal the location of The Passenger to one man. Her father. Sloane. And he's going to be dead in six hours. Jack, I want you to meet Marlon Bell. He runs legal policy at Justice. I was telling the director how pleased I am you caught Sloane. And if you don't mind my saying so, Iooking forward to seeing the son of a bitch die. I orchestrated this because and only because I need you. What's going on? Your message said it was important. You were right. About what? Lauren's the mole. She works for The Covenant. This was supposed to be over. With Sloane executed, we reached a dead end in our pursuit of The Passenger. Lauren is too valuable an asset. We can feed disinformation to The Covenant. Keep them from impeding Sydney and Jack's investigation. As soon as The Passenger is located, Lauren will be taken into custody. Meanwhile, Weiss will maintain surveillance. I'm sorry. I wasn't sure I should come. I appreciate you putting aside your anger. Sydney, you were right. I did find evidence that Sloane was assisting The Trust in their pursuit of Rambaldi. Why are you telling me this now? Sloane's dead. Actually, that's why I called you here. I was about to give Director Bell the evidence to clear Sloane when I realised he was a member of The Trust. I was unclear as to what their agenda was, but I did know executing Sloane was part of it. The only sure way to save his life was to allow him to die. Your father was kind enough to offer me a final glass of wine. It was laced with a tetrodotoxin compound. It counteracted the lethal injection by reducing my cardiac and respiratory functions. Mimicking death? That's right. Whatever grief my apparent death might have caused you, I wish I could have spared you the pain. When I heard you were dead, any grief was over the possibility of never knowing my sister. I did not grieve for you. I see. Well, in the interest of finding your sister, may I have The Hourglass? I know you've been withholding something from the CIA. Even from The Trust. Why is The Passenger important? What is your daughter's real value? While I was searching for her, I made a discovery. I came across an old Rambaldi text. In it, Rambaldi prophecied that there would be a person, a passenger, who would be capable of serving as a direct conduit to him. The text contained a formula for an elixir. So I followed the instructions exactly. According to Rambaldi, this elixir, if injected, would bring about an altered state of consciousness, allowing The Passenger to channel a message. This message is rumoured to be the key to Rambaldi's endgame. I sampled the elixir myself. Hoping to make myself the conduit. It didn't work. It's meant only for her. If The Covenant finds her... ...they will expose her to the elixir in massive doses. It will lay waste to her psyche. More likely, it will kill her. All I want to do is to protect my child. How do we find her? We use this. I thought you were working from home. I just came past to pick up these files. I've been thinking about that trip to Fiji. Getting one of those bungalows perched on the ocean. Well, what about next month? Be serious. I am. We've been talking about getting away for over a year. And visiting your mom in Virginia doesn't count. I love you. Hello? - Agent Vaughn? - Yeah. Who's this? Thomas Brill. Jack Bristow introduced us. Right. What can I do for you? There are some things you need to know about your father. Meet me at the Transatlantic Building. By the freight elevator. Okay, I'll be there. Thanks. - Who was that? - Just the dry cleaners. Apparently I've had a suit there for over a month. Would you like me to pick it up? No. You've got enough work. - I'll see you at home then. - Okay. I told you that I worked with your father. But I didn't tell you I was with him on his final mission. I know how my father died. You don't have a clue. Yeah, he was working on something. An operation that wasn't sanctioned by the CIA. My father would never go against the CIA. He was a follower of Rambaldi. That's impossible. He died protecting the little girl. The followers knew she was The Passenger. He broke her out of KGB custody. But he didn't trust the CIA, either. So he took her where she would be safe with other followers. The man you are describing is not my father. Your father was the best man I've ever known. He gave his life to make sure that girl would be safe. If you don't stop what's happening, his sacrifice will be for nothing. Ah, no, no! Damn it! You know what you've got to do. Just make sure that they don't get to her. Why did you come to me? Because it's what he would want me to do. You claim this is a battery for one of Rambaldi's artefacts which can locate The Passenger. Before we risk exposure to The Trust, we need to be 100% certain they have this artefact. I know they have it. I gave it to them. According to my contact, The Trust has a cold-storage vault concealed in the Smithsonian here. The vault is secured by a 5-key retinal system. It's safe to assume it corresponds with the five members. Do we know who they are? We know they're high-ranking government officials, but we've only been able to confirm one. Marlon Bell, D.O.J. Division Director. I imagine a visit from a ghost will unearth the other four. The Secretary of State goes before committee tomorrow. He wants that brief out by the end of the day. With all due respect, Director Bell, even with The Patriot Act, the legal footing's shaky. Find the precedents. - We've already gone over that. - Find them. Sir? Sir? I've tapped into Bell's phone line. He should have made contact with The Trust by now. Sydney, there's something you should know. When I first learned of Sloane's affair with your mother... I was forced to consider the possibility that I wasn't in fact your biological father. - You don't even need to -- - It's not the case. I had our medical files examined. Our relationship is clear. I wanted you to know, during that brief time before I was reassured... ...my feelings for you never changed. Dad. He's picking up. We have a situation that requires our immediate attention. We need to meet. Arvin Sloane is alive. Your friend Brill managed to elude us. You, however, were not so fortunate. We've known for a while your father was a follower of Rambaldi. And we were hoping they'd contact you. But there are three things you should understand. The first involves this item I hold in my hand. It's capable of delivering up to 500,000 volts. Not enough to kill you. Just enough to let you wish it would. Second, I believe Mr. Brill disclosed the location of The Passenger, which means I won't stop until you tell me. And third, Mr. Vaughn, is that I'm going to enjoy this more than I should. Lauren Reed evaded our surveillance sometime between 2.10 and 2.47 P.M. Law enforcement officials at every level have been put on alert. We've also lost contact with Agent Vaughn. He's not responding to his calls. We believe he may have been compromised. Agent Weiss will assemble a search team. Be ready to move as soon as we get a lead. Remember, your glasses need a five-second lock on each person for the scan to register. Wish me luck. Sydney, Sloane's on his way to the meeting of The Trust to obtain the retinal scans. Make sure you get to the vault, and we'll have the codes. Copy that. I'm in position. Hello, Miss Gerard? I'm Phillip Terrance. We spoke earlier. Call me Shannon. Amazing, isn't it? 36 feet. Longest neck of any known dinosaur. Not a lot of people know that mamenchisaurus actually had an extra brain. In its spinal cord. To control its hind legs and tail. You said you're writing a research paper on theropod dinosaurs? Yeah, specifically theropods and archaeopteryx and the similarities. Oh, so you think birds are descended from dinosaurs? Not that there's conclusive proof. It drives me crazy when orthodox types refuse to even examine the evidence. That thinking got Giordano Bruno burned at the stake. You know, we just received the Hainan fossil from China. I have to admit I was hoping to see it. Well, no, it's still in analysis. That area is restricted to visitors. But I could make an exception. I must say, I'm impressed. Of course, it's on the lowest setting. But I'm through showing restraint. I'll ask you again. Where is The Passenger? Holding that thing. You almost look like you've reached puberty. You have great timing. We only have it on loan from China till Wednesday. Have you already done the C.T. scan? Last week. I would love to take a look at it. Well, they're in radiology. I'll go get 'em. - Thank you. - You're welcome. I'm headed to the vault. Copy that. We're on schedule. You can proceed. Greetings from the dead, gentlemen. Standing by to receive. Copy that. We're retrieving the retinal scans now. I thought we had an agreement. My Rambaldi artefacts and expertise in exchange for my freedom. Of course, once I served my purpose, you saw fit to dispose of me. First scan complete. Move on. The cover story that you planned on releasing. Arvin Sloane killed in a boating accident off the coast of Saint Lucia. Tragic, with a slight taint of overly extravagant lifestyle. Complete. Move on. Actually, I would have thought that an automobile accident would be more to your taste. Clearly, I underestimated your creativity. Got a lock. Hold it just two more seconds. I should have been thinking more clearly. We got it. Gentlemen, the facts. Sydney, I'm sending the first three now. Uplink complete. I'm moving to authorise. I am afraid it will never see the light of day. And let me tell you why. We've got it. I don't think the most clandestine committee in the U.S. government would want such sordid details made public, which is why I'm going to leave this room unharmed. If I get so much as a traffic ticket, the next time you hear this information will be on CNN. That's enough. I will not be blackmailed by a petty criminal. We didn't get it. Don't let him leave. I forgot to tell you something. I know all about your son and his unseemly predilections. Try thinking of it as mutually assured destruction. We've got it. Get out. Thank you for your time, gents. Final scan is on its way. Shannon? What are you doing? I'm sorry. You've been so nice. I've got the package. Meet me at the rendezvous point as scheduled. There it is. What is it? It looks like brainwaves. We found her. Don't touch me. Michael, please. Sark's going to give you the Inferno Protocol. You can't survive. Not after everything you've been through. What do you care? Not everything was a lie. Get him down and put him on the cot. You can't do this procedure now. He needs time to recover. Why this sudden concern for your husband's well-being? If he dies, he'll take the information with him. Whatever feelings you have for him don't concern me. Please listen. Please escort Miss Reed out of here. Now, where were we? I don't understand. How can a brain scan help us find her? Each individual has a signature brain-wave pattern as unique as a fingerprint. So to exploit this, the D.O.D.'s developed an experimental satellite network capable of remote encephalography. - Reading brainwaves from orbit. - Right. I just spoke with my contact at D.O.D. He uplinked the EEG readings to the Defence Satellite Network. We have a location. Where is she? Chechnya. A labour camp for female prisoners on the outskirts of Kamyshev. My contact was able to check the prison's central database. He found her under the alias Talia Kozlov. She's being held in sector C. She's incarcerated. We've been operating under the assumption that she's an innocent in need of rescue. Given that she's being detained, I think those assumptions need to be re-examined. She's my daughter, and we're going to find her. Considering this new information, you may need to adjust your expectations regarding your sister as well. After Mom died, I used to have these daydreams. I would imagine her leading my Girl Scout troop or taking me shopping for new school clothes. I thought if only she'd lived, she would have been my best friend. When I learned the truth about her and saw Irina for who she really was... ...I was devastated. I won't make the same mistake twice. What's going on? It's over. The Protocol worked. Somehow you survived. - Michael, listen to me. - Did I tell him? You told Sark everything. He'll be back any second. You have to get out of here. Why are you doing this? For me, our marriage was real. The only real thing in my life. Go. Hey, are you okay? I need to get to a phone. Here. Use mine. Thanks. Dispatch. This is Officer 2300708. Patch me through to Director Dixon immediately. Vaughn, where are you? The Covenant knows the location of The Passenger. Sark's moving on the lead. How did they acquire the intel? From me. We'll put together a tactical team and beat them to it. Where is The Passenger now? You cut out. Bad reception. Vaughn, what's wrong? Is Sydney back from Hong Kong? Don't move! Get on the ground. On the ground. You're smarter than I thought. I don't know if you can hear me, but I'm your sister. I know that sounds crazy. I'm sorry it took me so long to find you, but I'm here now, and I am going to get you out of here. You will be safe now. I promise you. By the way, I almost forgot. My name is Sydney. This was taken from the surveillance camera at the Garland Industrial Plant. I was able to enhance the footage. This was taken from the surveillance feed from the rear of the building. Get the listing for every business, ATM, traffic light within a five-mile radius. Have them pull their surveillance feeds. I want to know where they went after they left the scene. We're about to embark onto a procedure the CIA was more than willing to use on me. You have to admit the reversal is a tad ironic. This time, my friend, it's for real. You met with a man. Who was he? Brill. He knew my father. And did Brill tell you where The Passenger is? He told me. Where is she? No. I'll ask you again. Where is The Passenger? Increase the dosage. What is it? Really? And to who do I owe my thanks? We're done here. We have her location. What about him? Kill him. Who are you? Later. Come on. Come on. We got to get to the tunnel. Come on. Come on. We got the surveillance footage from 74 cameras around the dock yards. There's some major freakazoid stuff going on. Not a place you want to go to after hours. Unless you're into that sort of thing. Anyway, I was able to piece together the feeds. What did you find? After they abducted Vaughn, they were spotted two minutes later on 5th and Grand. A rooftop camera caught them turning onto Frontage Road. - Marshall, where are they now? - I'm getting to that. Final destination. 4384 Alfano Street. - Abandoned packaging warehouse. - Thank you. Yes. Come on, buddy. I'm right here. You're gonna be okay. Get a medivac down here now! Go. I'll catch up. No, I'm not leaving you. I feel faint. Here, you just need to sit down just for a minute. Here you go. Here you go. Take some deep breaths. Yeah. So who are you? You can call me Talia. I know that's not your real name. Well, what were you doing back there? Why were you pretending to be catatonic? I can't tell you. You're an agent. Argentine Intelligence. What you said back there... ...is true. We're sisters. How did you find me? It wasn't just me. It was your father. My father? Yeah. He's waiting for you. Nadia. My name is Nadia. When Will used to talk about his sister Amy, he was always so exasperated. He said she was a flake. He told me I was lucky to be an only child. But I knew he was lying. He loved her. I always wanted what they had. I have a sister. I believe you assured me you weren't going to make the same mistake twice. I know who you are. Well, then you know about my criminal past. You also know that I've changed. But you need to know why. I never knew I had a daughter. I didn't know until two years ago that you even existed. When I found out, I felt total and complete joy. I just wanted to go out and find you immediately. But then... ...it struck me. The shame. I was ashamed of the man I was. I knew I wasn't worthy of you. I wasn't worthy of your love. I wasn't worthy of your respect. From that moment on, I vowed to change. I didn't want to meet my daughter face-to-face... ...and have her despise me. Stay here. We want The Passenger unharmed. Move. Move! Where are they? They cannot have escaped. What is this? Sloane set us up. He betrayed us. Agents, move out! This was a Chechen safe house. It was Sloane's suggestion we seek refuge here. Sloane was the only person who knew where we were. He tipped The Covenant, lured them here, giving him a chance to escape with Nadia. Are you alright? I'm fine. The Passenger. Did you find her? Yes. But she's gone. She's missing. You can't go after her. What? Your sister. You have to let her go. You're tired. I should let you sleep. My father was killed because he took her from the KGB. He hid her from your mother. That's why she murdered him. I met someone who told me the prophecy. The Passenger and The Chosen One shall battle. Neither will survive. You can't see her again. Please. Don't do this. Please don't. I only wish