- What are you... SD-6 is part of the Alliance. You have been working for the enemy you thought you were fighting. We've gotten reports from all team leaders. We appear to be in control of all Alliance facilities. Dixon... Hey, look, this'll be over soon. I promise. Don't talk to me. You're so beautiful. Dinner's ready. We do have an oven, you know. We can reheat. How are we gonna stay awake today? Who cares? I see it around me I see it in everything Vaughn? - How come you never call me Michael? - I do sometimes. - Vaughn? - What? - I'm graduating today. - What? When the hell did you have time to take a class this year? I wasn't even gonna go to the ceremony, but I've been lying here remembering why I never gave school up, and why I killed myself writing papers instead of just... I don't know. Accepting that I'd be an agent forever. You're gonna quit the CIA, aren't you? - I'm afraid I can't endorse your resignation. - Excuse me? With the Alliance gone, we got a hell of a mess to clean up. - You don't need me for that. - That's opinion. And what about Arvine Sloane, whom I'd think you would have a special interest in bringing to justice. Sloane is just a cog in a machine that doesn't exist any more. He's wanted in 40 countries. I did everything for the CIA I said I would, and I'm done. Jack, you wanna jump in here? For years, I wanted nothing more than to see you live a normal life. However, your value to the CIA is irrefutable. So while this is your ultimately choice, I suggest that, given the enormity of the last two weeks, you may not want to make life-altering decisions without a little more perspective. I've had two years of perspective. I am through letting Arvin Sloane control my life. And I don't need your approval to resign. I told you as a courtesy. Well then, I will pay you the courtesy of informing you that if you leave this agency, you forfeit the clearance to see your mother. What? Are you blackmailing me? Civilians aren't authorised to be in this facility, let alone have access to a terrorist that we can't even acknowledge is in our custody. In or out, kiddo. Can't have it both ways. Legally, he's right. Ethically, he's an ass. Congratulations. Your father told me about your success. What about your associates at SD-6? You had friends there, yes? I haven't seen them yet. They're still being debriefed. I'm sorry that I haven't been to see you in a while. I understand. I'm sure this has been overwhelming for you. - I graduate today. - I know. I would think you'd be more relieved with SD-6 and the Alliance gone. I'm thinking of leaving the CIA. Which would mean giving up my clearance to see you. You're too forgiving, Sydney. Don't pretend I'm something I'm not. I've never been a real mother to you, and you don't owe me a second chance. If you make this decision about me, you're a fool. In fact, if you decide to stay, I won't agree to see you any more. Take care of yourself. - Aaron. Aaron, don't run. - I just wanna go back to the jellyfish. Always make sure we can see you, OK? And hold onto your jacket. Aaron. - OK. So, you're gonna stay here, right? - Yes. - You're gonna stay here? OK? - Yeah. Yes. I'll be right over there with your daddy, OK? Where are you? Here. I'm here. Neil, it's Aaron's birthday and your head's still at the blackboard. Honey. I... I just... I need two more months. That's it. I-I-I am this close. I can't stand any more promises you don't keep. - I don't know how else to do this. - Maybe you don't. There are other fields... Once the polytechnic goes public with the design, then I'll slow down. I mean, I'll stop. I promise. Think about your father. Aaron's growing up, and you're missing it. Where is he? - Aaron? - Aaron? Aaron? Aaron? Excuse me. Did you see a little boy? He's five years old, he's got a striped shirt on. He's got brown hair. - His name's Aaron. - No, sorry. - Aaron? - I'll check the gift shop. Aaron? Mr Caplan? I believe I can help you locate your son. And your wife. It was cold in the night Of an early-morning light OK, seriously? Oh, my God. Francie, what? Earrings? Necklace? What do I need? Let's see. You look beautiful. I'm so proud of you. Thank you. What's a four-letter word for "ice-cream thickener"? - Hello? - Agar. A-g-a-r. - How'd you know that? - Phone's for you. - Hello? - Congratulations, Sydney. You have so many things to celebrate today. I, myself, am still coping with the pain and disappointment of learning that you and Jack were double agents. The two people I trusted most in the world. How many <i>s's</i> are in "Massachusetts"? Sorry. Our first honest conversation, Sydney, and you have nothing to say? Listen to me, you son of a bitch. You have been a plague on my life. You repulse me. Every time I sat across from you listening to your lies, all I could do was fantasise about slashing your throat. Well, I can't pretend to be surprised that you feel that way. My only hope is that you can learn to forgive me. As hurt as I am, I know I can forgive you. After all, Sydney, I helped you. What are you talking about? You don't really think it was a coincidence that I happened to be away these last two weeks, do you? The intel you that acquired that allowed the CIA to take down the Alliance - I provided that. My involvement with the Alliance is merely a means to an end. Why are you telling me this? Because knowing that I'm alive is gonna tempt you to come after me. Don't. We've helped set each other free, Sydney. And as much as I wish you well, I will end your life if you get in my way. He called me at home to warn me. No matter where he is, I can be gotten to. Unfortunately you're not the only one. Neil Caplan. He's a mathematician working out of Caltech. The Bureau just confirmed that he and his family were kidnapped from the Long Beach aquarium yesterday. Parking lot surveillance cameras recorded this. - Sark. - Doubtful he's acting alone. I assume his partnership with Sloane is alive and well. What do they want with a mathematician? He specialises in a branch of mathematics called knot theory. "Knot" as in "tie a knot"? Simply put, it's the study of geometric objects and how they fit together. All Alliance facilities have been raided, yet we haven't found a single Rambaldi artefact. If Sloane was expecting our raid, he could have had everything removed to a secure location. He must be using Caplan to help him assemble a Rambaldi device. So what happens when Sloane puts the pieces together? Whether or not you believe Rambaldi was a prophet, he did anticipate technological advances, many of which seem most applicable to warfare. It's likely Sloane is building a weapon. He planned for this. He wanted the Alliance gone. And this family that he's taken hostage - these aren't the only people whose lives he'll destroy. This is never gonna stop. Your resignation form. Sign it and you're out. Your glasses. Mr Caplan, my name is Arvin Sloane. - Where's my family? - They're alive. And if you cooperate you'll be reunited soon enough. Where am I? Years ago, I was with the Army Corps of Engineers. They wanted me to study this. That manuscript is 500 years old. Those sketches were drawn by a man named Milo Rambaldi. You will that see Rambaldi prophesied scientific principles centuries ahead of his time. Prototypes of his designs have turned up all over the world. For the past 30 years I've been collecting them. I don't understand why you want me. I'm nobody. You're gonna help me put them together. Because you see, Mr Caplan, I know that you feel like you're only a hostage right now. But I assume you became a scientist to discover what secrets the universe has to offer. Believe me, when we're done here, you'll be thanking me for giving you the answers. So why don't you go ahead and take a look? I wanted to be the one to come in and tell you officially that you've been cleared. The CIA has concluded that you had no knowledge of what was really going on at SD-6. They wanna offer you a place here. Dixon, you have to know that you were my anchor. Your friendship was the only thing that kept me sane. How long have you known? Two years. I wanted to tell you, so many times. But I was ordered not to. The CIA had no way to verify what I knew in my heart was true - that you would never consciously work for a man like Arvin Sloane. We were partners. You lied to me. Then chose to tell me the truth when it was convenient for you. I never wanna see you again. OK, I'll need taps into all governments networks - NSA, DOD, FBI, CIA. Oh, I'll need a red phone to the president. - No. - Just thought I'd ask. I'll need a Cryogen ATR prototype rig. Don't worry, I'll put my own baffles on the heat sink so it won't be too... Wow. Marshall, I'm Michael Vaughn. Welcome to the CIA. - Heard that one before. - Well, this time it's for real. We have a desk set up for you. - OK. Oh, Syd, hey. - Marshall. - You OK? - Yeah. Every few minutes I have to fight the urge to weep openly. I'm not really sure where that's coming from yet, but I think that's healthy, right? Listen, I know you need time to adjust, but we could really use your help with something. We're trying to find Sloane, but we can't access any information from his computer. Well, he probably erased everything from his hard drive before he left. And the deletion program I installed last year exceeded DOD sanitising standards, cos, you know, I thought I was working for the government. You know the story, cos you also thought you were working... I mean, you actually were working for the government, and we didn't really know. But, I mean, that's OK. I... I'll see what I can do. Hey, baby. Got your message. Sorry your business trip was delayed. - Where are the kids? - At the park, with Mindy. I'm glad the bank at least gave you the rest of the day off. - Diane? - Mm? We need to talk. What is it? Is it your mother? No. I don't work at a bank. I never have. Well, I was able to recover a few fragments from the RAM drive on Sloane's database. One of them was the most recent doc he was working on. It's a digital Rolodex. Now, he checked one address in particular. Holden Gemler, Van Nuys. Guy's a cybernetic specialist. I'll go. OK. Now, usually red eye is a photographic effect caused by light reflecting in the pupil. But in Holden Gemler's case it was caused by this. - It's an intra-ocular retinal implant. - Care to elaborate? Of course, Mr... Director. Cos you're the... Director Kendall, right? Um, it's one <i>I?</i> - Two. - It's two. Of course. Why would it be... By the way, sir, this place, so much cooler than SD-6. - How about the point? - Of course. Sorry. So, basically, this guy Gemler, he was blind in his left eye, so he used himself as a guinea pig for wetware experiments. Interfacing technology with the human brain. Real cutting edge. Basically, this implant connects with the optical nerve, which sends impulses to the vision centre in his brain. What did Sloane want with a wetware expert? All Alliance members were injected with a tracking device. Sloane must have hired Gemler to deactivate his so he could disappear. Right. But there's more. Now, this little baby records everything it sees on an internal memory. Now, the LED light was blinking because it was full, so I was able to download 12 hours of footage. Now, there was no audio so I created a lip-reading program. Just whipped it up. No extra charge. And, uh... Take a look at what I found. This is the last thing Gemler saw. Mr Sloane. This is Sloane. I've chartered a C-123 out of Shipman to transport the artefacts. I will be in touch. "Shipman" could refer to the airfield in the Mojave Desert. We've surveilled it before. It's operated by a transatlantic smuggling cartel. Ex-military, dishonourably discharged after the Gulf War. They're well-armed, highly organised and they do have a C-123 in their fleet. I can have a tactical team there in three hours. Once these guys understand their legal options, they'll be inclined to tell us where Sloane went. Interrogating the employees could take days. And Sloane doesn't just let hostages go when he's done with them. I'm open to suggestions. If we could get into the facility undetected and access the flight data recorder on the plane Sloane chartered, we could track him directly to his last destination. Spoken like a true volunteer. I'm hungry. - Where's my husband? - Your husband is a gifted individual, and we need his assistance for a short while. Should he choose to cooperate, this will soon be an unpleasant memory. We'd like for you to tell your husband that you support his cooperation. And that if he doesn't, your son will be the first to suffer. Oh, God. So, Mr Johnson, I need these shipped to Beijing by tomorrow. You know what I find most interesting, Mr Ludlow? It's that for an accomplished arms merchant, I've never heard your name. Now, if you really are an expert, you'll know what kind of gun is pointed at the back of your head by the sound of the hammer. An M1911. But if he were really gonna shoot me, he would have disengaged the thumb safety. I got a charter leaving for Asia in half an hour. If the money and the delivery instructions are in that briefcase as we discussed, it's been a pleasure doing business with you. Good call on the gun. I would have said Beretta M9. Figured I had a fifty-fifty chance. Found the aft access panel. Looking for the flight data recorder. Found it. Attaching the disk imager. Receiving uplink now. Uplink complete. Get out of there. What are you doing here? I don't have a work order on this aircraft. Give me your ID. I'm calling this in. Tower, I need confirmation on... Vaughn, I've been made. Meet me at the northwest hangar. Copy that. On my way. Get in. Go. Where'd you stay last night? At my sister's. The kids are there. The time you were shot, you told me that you had been mugged. If you had died that day, I would have buried a stranger. Oh, God. I don't know if a single word you have ever said to me was true. My love for you is true. My love for our children is true. As a husband, as a father, I couldn't honestly say I was protecting our family unless I was out there. Except you were working for the people that make the world more dangerous. I thought I was serving our country. This man, Sloane... I will never lie to you again. The CIA's offered me a job. Marcus, I did not choose a life of wondering whether my husband was coming home every night. You take that job, you take it alone. Will you help us? You want me to help you, you let my family go. That is the only way. No. That is not the only way. Help them. Do whatever they want. Please. Or they're gonna hurt Aaron. You want me to help you put this thing together. Are you telling me that these pieces exist? You're sitting in a warehouse full of them. According to this, each artefact is generating its own unique magnetic field. These fields determine where in the overall design the pieces go. The problem is, there's no room for error in the calculations, and the equipment you gave me isn't sensitive enough for me to measure the fields with perfect accuracy. I need something I don't have. The magnetometer you're developing for the Swiss polytechnic. - How do you know about that? - I know about a lot of things. You're asking me to do something I cannot do. The magnetometer was designed to measure magnetic fields in space. It would be sensitive enough to do this kind of work. But until it clears patent the polytechnic's got it locked up in a vault somewhere. The AMCORP Bank. It's two miles from here. We're in Switzerland? By tomorrow you'll have what you need. Just a few more days, Emily. Well, I'm still waiting for the owner to counter. Yeah. Course it has a garden. As a matter of fact, I'm looking out the window at the garden right now. Yes. I miss you too, my love. What happens when your wife's ready to move to a Tuscan villa? I purchased it six months ago. I made contact with our point man. He's assembling a team for the bank. But I must question your decision to lead them in yourself. In spite of your precautions, it's wildly risky, given your new level of notoriety. I'm approaching the finish line of a 30-year odyssey. I won't let anyone else take the final steps for me. This is the flight plan we retrieved from the plane's data recorder. Sloane left Shipman for an island off the coast of Bermuda. We're sending in a team, but it's doubtful he's still there because the plane then went on to the Zürich airport in Switzerland. It's a start, but he could be anywhere by now. Unless we assume Sloane went to Switzerland for a reason, that he isn't merely passing through. In that case we can expect him to hire local support. Mercenaries. I dealt with a guy in Switzerland - a head-hunter we one used to put together a black ops team in Western Europe. He controls most of the local territory. Sloane would use him if he needed mercs. Well, assuming he did, if this guy knows you're CIA, he could tip Sloane off. He doesn't. We hired him fronting as a French crime syndicate. Set up a meet. You two are on a plane. The bank's facial recognition cameras will measure my underlying bone structure. The cameras target the distance between your cheekbones. The prosthetics I'll apply are lined with a carbon powder. The system database won't find a match. Even an x-ray would be fooled. Well, then, let's begin. - Come in, come in, come in - I'll take your photo for you - Come in, come in, come in - Drive you round the corner - Come in, come in, come in - You know you really oughta - Come in, come in, come in - Move out of California And I'm not French Mafia. I'm CIA. We've tolerated your existence because you've been helpful. But that tolerance can end now. We have reason to believe one of these men recently approached you to hire some of your contacts. Warm or cold? If you'd told me the CIA was simply interested in my client list, I would have told you to go and make love. With your mother. Hands. - You broke my... - How many came to see you? - You broke my nose. - Talk to me. OK, OK. They came. They hired some men. - For what? - I don't know the details. Tell me what you know. The woman and child are, I know where they are. - Where? - In the other room. Downstairs. They're here. Oh, God. It's OK. - We're CIA agents. You're safe. - It's OK, buddy. Oh, God. - Where's my husband? - We're still looking for him. - We're doing everything we can. - What's your name? Sydney. Sydney Bristow. Thank you, Sydney. Syd, one of the guys had a cellphone. If either Sark or Sloane call directly, we can trace them. We still don't get how you detected the tap we put on the SD-6 network last year. Yes, that was a noble attempt, gentlemen. A noble attempt. But, you see, what happened was, it was interfering with my online Dungeon Master game. My gnome kept skipping a frame every time he swung his battle-axe. Oh, my God. My first phone call. Excuse me. Yeah, this is Marshall. Marshall, it's me. I need you to run a location trace on every incoming call that was made to the phone I'm talking to you on. Sure, Syd. No problem. OK. I need you to scroll to the "Incoming Call" menu on the phone, and then hit "pound", "pound" then "send". OK. Hold on. - OK, I'm getting 15 locations. - Any of them in Zürich? Uh, two. The first one was made from a payphone at the Zürich airport. No good. Next. Made from a cellphone. I can probably triangulate the location if it's on. - I got it. It's moving. - Where is it? Uh, looks like the AMCORP Bank on New Market Street. I'll you right call back. We're going to New Market Street. - Marshall, we're heading south. - A robbery is in progress... Yeah, yeah. I got you. Make a right at the next light. Hold on. Mr Skopik, welcome. I am Claude Sheurer, president of AMCORP Bank. - We spoke on the phone. - Ah, yes. Thank you for accommodating me on such short notice. Not at all. $50 million in cash is not the kind of thing one likes to leave under one's pillow for very long. This is our bank manager, Peter Kunz. - Hello. - Pleasure. He will take you to our vault, while I secure your deposit. Good. Can we offer you anything? An espresso? Oh, thank you very much. You are most kind. But due to a sensitive stomach, my physician has prohibited caffeine from my diet. Very well. After you. I've spliced into the face recognition database. You've cleared their system. I'll need ten seconds. Keep him talking a little longer. Herr Kunz, may I ask you something? This American war on terrorism, has it affected your procedure in any way at all? Looping the feed now. I assure you, our institution is one of the most secure in the world. Box 4747. OK. Take a left into the alley. I guess it's pointless to say we should wait for backup. Sydney, you're going too fast. Sydney. - Who's in charge? - What can I do for you? We're United States agents. Lock down your vault. You're being robbed. I think you're mistaken. It's looped. That's him. Sydney's in the lobby. She's by the entrance. Sloane. - Hold your fire. - Get down. I warned you, Sydney. I can't guarantee your safety in a situation like this. There is no way I'm letting you walk out of here. Ah. You must be the man that Sark told me about. The man that Sydney was willing to kill me for. She would have killed you for a lot less. The police are on their way. We have Caplan's family. Give up. We've rigged the lower level with enough C-4 to level the entire city block. So if we don't walk out of here, nobody does. You're bluffing. I'm not the only one carrying a remote trigger. The entire bank is monitored via satellite by an off-site team. If they don't see me walk out of here in 30 seconds, they'll detonate. So I suggest that you both lower your guns. Lower your guns.