The Bureau just confirmed that he and his family were kidnapped from the Long Beach aquarium yesterday. You want me to help you, you let my family go! All I need to know right now is whether you want to come with me. Yes. I didn't have a clean shot, and I took it anyway. I'm putting in for reassignment to the Directorate of Intelligence. If I had the shot, I might've taken it. I know what Emily meant to you. I'm sorry. Arvin? Arvin? This plan might not hold up. The CIA knows too much. They could guess why we were after the genetic database. I'm not interested in the database. I want satellite footage of Tuscany. I wanna know who murdered my wife. We both had to make sacrifices, Arvin. You won't forgive yourself if you stop now. We're so close to knowing what Rambaldi knew. I wish I'd never heard that man's name. Good news, relatively speaking. Using the administrative codes we acquired at Bruckner, I was able to log into their system and download a copy of the database. - But it's still encrypted? - Yes. Although Neil Caplan's still analysing the remainder of the Rambaldi text, his background in mathematics should allow him to crack the encryption algorithms. I don't understand how we don't have a single lead on Sloane or Mom. There's a difference between intelligence and actionable intelligence. - What about the earrings Mom left me? - Analysis couldn't trace the signal source. Marshall's still trying to figure out how they receive anything. Dad, we have to get ahead of them. We know they're acquiring Rambaldi artefacts, we know they tried to access a DNA database, so there must be some way to predict what they're gonna do. Sydney, I understand your frustration, particularly in light of Emily's death. But sometimes there isn't a clear move to make. Look at this. Elsa Caplan's debrief transcript. It's barely ten pages long. Sloane kidnapped her husband two months ago. All we have are ten pages? Sydney, if you feel Elsa Caplan was improperly debriefed, do it again yourself. - How's your son? - He's keeping me sane. Even with the security detail, it's hard to feel safe. I don't wanna make this more difficult for you, but I need a little more of your help. I'd like to bring you in for a regression therapy session. It's like hypnosis. It's completely safe. I've done it myself. No offence, but I don't feel comfortable with the government poking around in my head. I'll be honest with you. - We're out of leads. - What are you saying? That if something happens to him, it's my fault? - No, of course not. - These people threatened to kill my son. - He's still having nightmares about it. - Elsa, wait. You come here and you tell me that I'm not doing enough? - That's not what I meant. - Aaron, sweetie. Sweetie, come on, it's time to go. How dare you? Sweetie, honey, it's time to go. We still need your help. I've just downloaded this. It's a catalogue of over ten million people's DNA. We're looking for someone specific, a man. But it's encrypted. We need you to break it. For the past two months, I haven't heard a word about my family, or been given any indication whether they're dead or alive, so... you can just kill me. Just kill me, cos there's no way in hell I'm gonna help you people any more. What if I told you that your family's not only alive, but we let them go? Call your house. Call. - Hello? - Elsa, it's me! - Hello? - Elsa! Elsa, I'm alive! She can't hear you. I've modified the cellphone. - Hello? - They're home. They're safe. Now you have something to live for, Mr Caplan. Elsa Caplan was living under protective custody for the last two months. I was so convinced that we were overlooking something that I went over there and implied that she wasn't doing enough to save her husband. How stupid! Look, no one's harder on themselves than you are. Vaughn, OK, the backpack is getting a little ridiculous. What do you mean? The middle drawer, it's yours. - Yeah? - It's just a drawer. - I'm just saying, it's a great idea. - Are you sure? Uh-huh. I love my drawer. If we're gonna keep working, I need to go and make a sandwich. OK. Vaughn? There were three calls made from the same number to Caplan's house over the last year. They came exactly four months apart. They were all made on a Monday night at the same time. - And they all lasted one minute. - Where did the calls come from? - I need to talk to you. - Is it Neil? Before Neil's abduction, three calls were made to your house over the last year at odd hours. We traced the number to a reporter named Grigory Ivanov. - Does that name mean anything to you? - No. We ran a background check. He was a journalist working out of Los Angeles for Itar-Tass, a news service known for giving cover to Russian intelligence agents. This man, Ivanov... we think he's one of them. We put Ivanov under electronic surveillance. An hour ago, he received a fax from an unknown source. I don't understand. Your husband may have been working for the Russian SVR. It's their equivalent to the CIA. What did the fax say? A single Russian word: <i>rahzviazka. </i> It means "endgame". - Neil's gonna die. - Elsa, we don't know that. No. I do. Not you? I didn't want to be hypnotised because I was afraid you'd find out. Ivanov was my handler. Seven years ago, I was ordered to seduce and marry Neil. My objective was to keep tabs on his work. I was given a tracking device to implant in his arm, but it has a secondary purpose. It was designed to release 15mg of cyanide into his bloodstream. It's a suicide pill. That's what the fax was about. It means it's been activated. And you're not authorised to be telling me this? I've just committed treason against my government because I want to get him back. I'm telling you because I love him. I have a lead on Sloane and Irina, but we have to move immediately. Yes, Vaughn briefed me. Elsa Caplan shouldn't be processed as a walk-in. She's an SVR agent. Which means technically we can classify her as a defector. Or we can arrest her and try her for espionage. Until we make that determination, I'm holding her here. She wants to help. She implanted a tracking chip in her husband. The chip's activated by a code. If we can get a locating device, we can enter the code, find him and remove the device before it releases the cyanide. I've already asked Marshall to look into the possibility of reverse-engineering a locator. I talked to Marshall. It'll take him three days. Caplan will be dead by then. The chip's set to release cyanide into his bloodstream in 42 hours. There's a black-market contact who deals in SVR contraband. I'm going to meet him. I'm not willing to risk your life based on speculative intel you acquired from a Russian spy. - Why would she lie? - That's precisely the question. - She turned herself in. - She's not the first. Dad, I realise we're talking about a Russian agent who betrayed her husband. But Elsa Caplan and my mother are not the same person. Elsa's first instinct, her first thought, was for her husband's life. That's your assessment. If we find Neil Caplan, we find Sloane and Derevko. Isn't that worth the risk? We'll move on Elsa's statement if and only if we can corroborate it. When did you start playing it safe? You let Derevko walk out of here because you thought she could lead us to Sloane. A mistake I'm not anxious to repeat. - And if Neil Caplan dies? - Then he dies. Who has my son? - Aaron's fine. He's being taken care of. - I thought you believed me. - I do believe you. - Then why am I in this cell? I've admitted everything, committed treason against my own government... It's not that simple. There are protocols... This is Director Bristow. I want solitary confinement imposed on Elsa Caplan. No unapproved visitors, understood? We still have 42 hours. I want you to know we're doing everything we can. Elsa, don't react. You're listening to a recorded message being transmitted to you through a directional sound projector. You're the only one who can hear this. The CIA won't sanction an extraction team to get the locator. I'm going in myself. I know none of this is much of a consolation to you right now... I need you to give me the locator codes. Cross your arms and tap them out in Morse code with your index finger. - Back away from the glass, please. - I have authorisation. Back up now. Thank you. It's been 24 hours. This database is encoded with an 81 -92 bit military-grade polymorphic encryption. Unless you wanna kidnap a smarter genius than me, it's gonna be a little while. Tell me what you need to speed this up. I need access to a Cray supercomputer. I hope you're not stalling, Mr Caplan. Because your safe return to your family is no guarantee. Understand? - A few days ago... - My leg! I would have done anything to keep you alive. - My leg! - And now... I don't care. Arvin! Arvin. Arvin, don't. We still need him. My leg! Where would you be transferred to? I'll be reassigned within the Agency. Maybe to Texas or DC. I'd be an analyst. - I'd be safe. - You'd be happy not being in the field? I'd be happy. As long as you and the kids are with me. Sloane's the man who ran SD-6, the one who lied to you for years. Marcus... You are not responsible for what happened to his wife. He put her in harm's way. That's not the only reason I'm putting in for the transfer. I'm doing it for us. When you first told me the truth, I said I didn't know who you were. I was wrong. I just didn't know what you did. I have always known who you are. You are the most decent man I know. Whatever you decide, I'll be with you. - Hello? - It's me. - Is your source still in place? - Yes. Good. I need something from him. Base Ops, this is Trailer. We have a 20 on the target. Copy. Stay with her. We're about to head over to the Pi Delt exchange. I think Tom's gonna be there. - She gave you a drawer, huh? - It was a gesture of convenience. - And what'd you put in it? - Why do you care? What do you mean, why do I care? Do you know how spoiled you are? You got a drawer. I wish I had a girlfriend to say "You want a drawer?" - I'll give you a drawer at my place. - I don't want a drawer in your place. - Hello? - Hey, it's me. You OK? Marshall told me your father shut you down this morning. Yeah, I just needed to get out, cool down. Dad was right, like that's news. I just wish there was more I could do. Well, we're working on corroborating Elsa's intel. - Where are you? - At the drugstore. Just picking up some pictures I had developed. I think there's this great one of us. You could hang it in your hallway, by the coat rack. What? Although the developer said some of the pictures might not come out because I used the wrong film speed or something. Next time, he said, to keep in mind I should use a slower roll. Pen. I'll probably be another 20 minutes. I'll come over when I'm done? - Yeah, OK. Bye. - OK, bye. What? She said she wanted to hang a picture next to the coat rack. So? Well, she's never been to my place. I don't have a coat rack. OK, well, maybe it's some kind of message. What did she say, exactly? She said "Keep in mind, I should use a slower roll." And this bag, please. Where's your bathroom? I like this product and I've used this one before. - You have? - Yeah. Sorry, I tried that once and totally broke out. Really? OK, thanks. Oh, my... Are you Sigma Gammas? Yeah! I was president of my chapter in West Virginia. - Get away! - I swear to God! - President. - Yeah! - Wow. - It's Tuesday. You still have the lunch exchange with the Pi Delts? - Yes, we do. - You wanna come? - Can I? - Absolutely. Oh, my God! I have been so homesick since I graduated. Thank you for invitin' me! No, wait. I got it. She's using skip-sequence cipher text. Take the first letter from every word and rearrange them. She's going to Russia. You wanted to see me? Sydney clearly knew I was listening to your phone conversation. She also knew that by the time I decoded her anagram, she'd be halfway to Russia. I'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you had every intention of reporting that fact to me. I'm giving you this consideration because when Sydney makes contact with you again, you're going to tell me exactly where she is. If I'd known what she was doing, I would have tried to stop her. Now that she's gone, there's nothing we can do to change her mind. She's got 40 hours to find Caplan. Why not support her, give her backup? If it's not obvious to you by now, everything I do is in the service of protecting Sydney. For all we know, Elsa Caplan's working with Sloane. For all we know, she was a conspirator in her husband's abduction, which means Sydney could be walking into a trap. Or she isn't, and she's about to save Neil Caplan's life. This is not a debate. And just because you've gotten comfortable with my daughter, it doesn't mean you should be comfortable with me. If you don't report your next contact with Sydney immediately, I will take action that you will regret. OK, partners! Let's get ready to ride! Hold on there! Here you go! Get up! Get up! You're no cowboy! This is cowboy bar. Speak English. I said we have a mutual friend. I don't care. This is "Eight Seconds" table. Everyone here has ridden bull for eight seconds. Goodbye. Oh, God. - Something like that? - Something like that. Now, champion, who is our mutual friend? Elsa Caplan. - When exactly did you talk to Elsa? - Yesterday. We are old friends. Elsa's parents were in Golokov's class at the Red Banner with my parents. - What do you need? - I need a tracking device. - Latest SVR issue. - 50,000 cash. - US bucks only. - Deal. Open the door. I want to see my son. Look, my family is all I care about. Your family? The one you manufactured in order to steal classified information? - You don't know anything about me. - You couldn't be more wrong. You're Sydney's father. Irina Derevko was your wife. Which makes me an expert on someone like you. It started as a job, a duty to your country, but it required you to prostitute yourself. It was a small price to pay for serving the motherland. At first, everything went as planned, then... surely an accident, you got pregnant. You considered terminating the pregnancy, but selfishly you didn't. You hoped somehow that becoming a mother would redeem you, - would absolve your guilt. - You're wrong! But you continued to lie and deceive both your husband and son. I am not Irina Derevko! I probably care more about your son than you do. - That is not true! - If I have my way, you're never going to see your son again. Don't you dare take my son away from me! Don't you take my son away! - Weiss. - Weiss, it's me. Sorry to call you, but Vaughn's phone is probably tapped. Is he there? Yeah. Guess who. - Syd. - Listen to me. I've got the tracker. I input the codes Elsa gave us. I found Caplan in a building in Soria, Spain. It used to be a software company. I'm on my way now. Your father knows what you're doing and thinks you could be walking into a trap. Syd, I'm not sure he's wrong. I'm supposed to convince you to come home. I will when I have Caplan. My father can't see straight when he looks at Elsa. He only sees my mother. If this ends up being a stupid mistake, so be it. I believe her. - Then I'm coming with you. - I can't ask you to do that. You don't have to. There's an alley in Soria behind the Gandera Hotel. Meet me there. - Jack is gonna shoot you in the face. - Just give me a half-hour head start. Tell him that she called on your phone and you gave it to me. We only have ten hours to find Caplan. If we end up sharing a cell in federal prison, I'm not giving you a drawer. - OK, I gotta go. - No, no. You work for a travel magazine. Just tell 'em you're travelling. I wish I could. I'm sorry. - It's Will, right? - Yeah. Hey, I've seen you in the briefing rooms. I'm kinda new around here myself too. - Marshall Flinkman. - Nice to meet you. Let me ask you. They have you parking down in the federal annexe? Cos I have to walk, like, half a mile to get here in the morning. I'm exhausted by the time I get into my... I shouldn't really complain. It's the only exercise I really get. Although I did see a gym... - Excuse me. - Yeah. - I gotta... - That's all right. Let's get some lunch or something. At the CIA lunchroom. - Hello. - Hey, honey, you got a sec? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up? Are you near a computer? I've just brought up a recipe on my laptop and it crashed. What, do you want me to pull up a recipe? - Would you mind? - Sure. What's the website? OK, what do you need? Will you tell me what kind of fish they list? OK, hold on. Let me find it. - Thank you for coming. - How much time do we have? - 12 minutes. Did you bring gear? - Did I bring gear?! I spoke to Weiss after we landed. Satellite's picked up five figures inside the building. - Basement level, north wing. - Sloane could be a block from here. With my mother. - If they are, they won't surrender to us. - I know. - What about the perimeter? - No activity. Roof access will be our best bet. Not that I'm a huge fan of you disobeying the CIA, but... that was pretty good, the way you got away. Thank you. Yeah, it's me. I need you to do something else for me. Who are you, anyway? And what are you, 22, 23? What are you doing working for a guy like Sloane? What do you expect to get out of all of this? I was sent to school in England at a very young age. Out of necessity, one becomes self-reliant. Then, perhaps, prematurely ambitious. I'm like anyone, Mr Caplan. What I want is that which I never had. You're gonna kill me, aren't you? You wouldn't share any of that stuff with me if you expected me to live. I suggest you keep working. - I'll go around. - Syd! Is Arvin Sloane in this building, or Irina Derevko? No, no, no, no, but a blond guy just took off. - Sark? - That's him, yeah. I'll go after him. - What the hell's that for? - Mr Caplan, you have to listen to what I'm gonna say. You won't want to believe me, but you have to, or you will die in less than 60 seconds. What? Freeze! Your wife, Elsa, she works for Russian intelligence. I know. Six years ago the NSA recruited me. They told me I was a target. They had intel that I was gonna be approached. - You're NSA? - They recruited me out of Caltech. Even though, if you ask them, they'll deny any affiliation with me. - I knew Elsa was a spy the day we met. - OK, look. Your wife injected you with a cyanide caplet. We have to remove it right now. - What? - Listen to me. - She wouldn't do that. - I came this far because of it. - She wouldn't try and kill me. - She didn't. Her handlers did. When the hell did she implant me with this thing? Right after you met. Mr Caplan, you have less than 30 seconds before you die. We have to remove this right now. Give me your left wrist. OK, look away. I'm OK. God! - Oh, God! Come on. - Hang on. God! Thanks. No matter what you may think of me, I would have done anything to bring you home. I know. We both have a lot to figure out. I don't think either one of us are in a position to pass any judgments. I love you. I love you too. I know I'm not in a position to ask you for any favours. But whatever you plan on doing to me, please leave Vaughn out of it. Vaughn will be escorting the Caplans to Bainbridge Island. I've granted Elsa defector status. She is not Irina Derevko. We downloaded the DNA database Caplan decrypted from the computer he was working on. We finally have a lead on Sloane and Derevko. Good. Sydney, if you go around me again, I'll have you transferred. And finding them will no longer be part of your job description. - I owe you an apology. - Diane, you don't have to explain anything. No, let me say this. When Marcus first told me about SD-6, I felt so betrayed. And, in part, I blamed you for that. Your world has these rules that force good people to lie, even to those they are closest to. Before I could accept that, I had to understand it. I rescinded the transfer order. Diane rescinded the order. Mr Bristow! Mr Bristow! - Yes, Marshall? - Hi. Listen. I was doing some spelunking on the CIA network - mapping it, really - just for kicks, and you can relax because "the Death Star plans are not in the main computer". Anyway, I did find a bandwidth discrepancy. At first I thought it was a Trojan virus someone implanted on the system, but unless it was locked into a perpetually renaming RAM cache... Marshall! Please, English. I found a massive information haemorrhage. Someone without authorisation accessed the system and downloaded 10Gb worth of satellite footage from Tuscany. - Tuscany? - Yeah. We're on a secure system. How did they hack in? Well, they didn't. It came from this office. No, there's no way the Agency has season tickets for the Lakers. I'm telling you, four seats, 12 rows back. You know, by this point, I don't know why I'm surprised, but I am. I'll see you at home after I get the kids. - Good night. - Good night, Diane. It feels good. Having it out in the open.