I have never seen. You're telling me two years have passed and I need to be patient? You have to relax. I deserve to know what happened to people in my life! Sydney can no longer be your primary concern. What the hell is that supposed to mean? Be cruel if you have to. Make her despise you because your kindness tortures her. So what does the prophecy say? "This woman here depicted will possess unseen marks. Signs that she will be the one to bring forth my works. At vulgar cost, this woman will render the greatest power unto utter desolation." You wouldn't do something like this. Not to your own father. Now, I'm not exactly sure what this means. - What is that? - What was inside the box. It's human tissue. There was a name etched inside the box. Milo Rambaldi. Marshall, have you analysed the cube? I wish. The jerks are here. Pretentious Classified Division of Intelligence. You know, conspiracy theorists' wet dream. - I don't understand. - That's the point. Who they are exactly is on a need-to-know basis. Suffice it to say, their jurisdiction supercedes ours. Well, they have a convoy here. They're taking the cube away. Wait. Taking it where? If I knew, I'd go there. I should probably put a tracer on the cube and track it to their lab. Imagine how cool that place would be. I'm kidding. Excuse me. I'm Sydney Bristow. I recovered that cube. May I ask what you're doing? We've been sent to retrieve the artefact for analysis. - Sent by whom? - Department of Special Research. You're DSR? We're a division, yes. Can I ask where you'll be taking it? No, you cannot. If you'll excuse me. This is unacceptable. Every time I get close to some answers, the door gets slammed. I know. Lazarey knew what happened to me. He led me to that cube. And before we just handed it off, I at least wanted Marshall to finish his review. Sydney, listen to me. We've broken at least a dozen federal Laws in pursuit of what happened to you. If necessary, we'll break a dozen more. But for now, there's nothing we can do. We can bring Dixon into the loop. This wasn't his call. The order to remove the cube came from Langley. There has to be something we can do. We need to re-evaluate every piece of information we've collected. Start from the beginning. Assume nothing. Do that, and we may find a lead. Good to see you. Kendall. I'm sorry we had to do it this way. You're part of this? Well, that all depends on which part you're referring to. You're Covenant. No. No, no. No, that wouldn't go over too well at home. No, I'm with Special Research. I had a team transporting the Rambaldi cube to our facility, and they were ambushed in transit. The Covenant got the cube. What does that have to do with me? It has everything to do with you. We need to talk about the past two years. As you may be aware, Mr. Kendall, I have no recollection of that time. I know you don't. But I do. I know what happened to you, Sydney. I know the whole story. Or most of it. You've known? All this time? Yeah. Then... ...why haven't you said anything? Because you asked me not to. Place your hand on the scanner. I need clearance to hear about my own life. You understand the information is classified? Any unauthorized disclosure is a violation of section 23, paragraph 5 of the Patriot Act? Yes. Before we get started, I'm curious about how you found the cube. What led you to it? You got to be kidding me. Start at the beginning. I'm all out of patience. You died. Or at least we believed you did. We found a body in your apartment. The existing DNA matched your own. And I went to your memorial service myself. Watched Vaughn spread your ashes in the sea. Nine months went by. One day I got a phone call. It was your voice. You were calling from Rome. You said you had escaped from The Covenant. You wanted to come in. We met at a safe house in Tuscany. Does my father know I'm alive? Does Vaughn? They will be informed at the earliest possible opportunity. What about Will? Did he make it? What you've been through may have National Security implications. I need you to get them on the phone right now! All your questions will be answered in time. First, we need to know what happened. You looked different. It was an alias of yours I hadn't seen. I had a lot of questions, too. We knew almost nothing about The Covenant at that time. So you took me back to the beginning. You told me the first thing you remembered after your fight with Allison. So this is what happened to you, in your own words. I shot her. Three times. Then I passed out. Dead to the world. When I woke up, it was days later. I was in the back of a van, strapped down. You and I are going to work together. We will spend lots of time together. But we will get the results that my employers have requested. I always do. He injected me with a neurotoxin. Temporary paralysis. I couldn't move or speak. All I could do was watch. Your roommate was easy. We unearthed her. We left her in your apartment before we burned it. But you. That was more difficult. When a body is burned badly enough, the DNA they test for is in the teeth. We extracted pulp from your teeth and injected it into the teeth of the corpse that was to be your replacement. Of course, they tested the body they found. To them, it was you. He will mourn and move on. Find someone else, perhaps. The sooner you accept that you are no longer who you were, the easier this will be. Sydney Bristow is gone. Why don't I remember any of this? I'll get to that. From your funeral, you were taken to a Covenant facility near St. Petersburg. This was the man who took you there. The man from the van. Oleg Madrczyk. I killed this man. It was only a week after I woke up in Hong Kong. He had all the answers. He died right in front of me. You kept your promise. You said you would kill me. You were my favourite. Who the hell are you? What are you talking about? Why did The Covenant take two years of my life? What did he do to me? The Covenant believed you were crucial to their operation. They needed your cooperation, which you wouldn't offer. So Oleg began a brainwash protocol. He spent months breaking you down. He used sensory deprivation. Electroshock. He would put you to sleep by running an I.V. with a barbiturate into one arm, and shock you awake with an amphetamine into the other arm. I will kill you, you son of a bitch! I promise you! Once Oleg believed you'd been broken, he began a conditioning process. He started with hypnosis. Your name is Julia Thorne. You were born in London on August 2, 1973. My name is Sydney Bristow, you ugly bastard. He disoriented you with narcotics. Your name is Julia Thorne. Really? Then why is my name Sydney Bristow? He withheld food for weeks at a time. He bombarded you with images, information. Classic techniques, tried and true. Julia, your father's name was Kenneth Thorne. Julia is who you are. Your two brothers, Daniel and Tom. The Latin school. Confirmation at the All Souls Church. After that... Julia is who you are. You lost your family in a fire. After that, you became a contract killer. Your first targets were the men who destroyed your family. You became a contract killer. You showed no pity. Your first targets were the men... Julia will eat well. Live well. Julia is who you are. This went on over six months. It was about that time that Oleg felt he'd had a breakthrough. That his therapy was starting to work. Yes? Lunch. Once Oleg believed that you were ready, they gave you a test to prove to them that you were a believer. That you were, in fact, another woman. May I present Julia Thorne? Welcome, Miss Thorne. The work you'll be doing for us requires a certain commitment. Of course. Who this man is is not important. What is important is the knife on the table. Use it. Kill this unimportant man. No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! Please don't! Who was he? We don't know. So I was programmed. No. Not by The Covenant. Wait. Kendall, I don't understand. I murdered that man. What do you mean I wasn't programmed by The Covenant? When you were young, your father subjected you to the CIA's experimental programme to train and prepare children for intelligence work. Project: Christmas. Among other things, that programme contained a fail-safe to protect its subjects from being turned. Jack hardwired you to stand up to some pretty intense efforts at brainwashing. I traded his life for mine. That man, whoever he was, was taken, brought into a Covenant facility. He was dead no matter what you did, and you must have known that. It doesn't lessen what I did. But if you hadn't convinced them you'd been programmed, you would have both been killed. You could never have contacted me. I want to go home. I want to see my dad. Your father can't be contacted. He's under deep cover. And as it is, you have no home to return to. Let me be clear. You return home, you're putting in jeopardy the lives of the people you claim to love. You're just trying to scare me. Look at your friend Will. The Covenant left the son of a bitch for dead. Listen to me. If what intel we have on The Covenant is anywhere near accurate, they have the potential to be far more deadly than The Alliance ever was, which is why it is imperative you continue as Julia Thorne. The Covenant believes they have you programmed. If you think I'm going back, you're insane. If you don't, they're gonna come after you. After your friends, your family. After Vaughn. I have to see him. Sydney, you've been gone nine months. He loves me. Nine months is nothing. So I let you go. And you went home. As hard as it was to see them together, you couldn't confront Vaughn. You realised your presence was a danger to him, so you did the only thing you could. This is Kendall. I'll do whatever you want. And that's how we started working together. So I became Julia. Yes, you did. They sent you to Algeria, where you met with this man. Simon Walker. He was a thief. You were introduced as a contract killer. You started working together for The Covenant. The mission was simple. They wanted you to find the cube. During your time with Simon, you pursued a variety of leads, all the while keeping me informed by passing on the intel to one of our operatives. You informed me that Simon had found Andrian Lazarey. A Russian diplomat, member of the Romanov family, who, like Sloane, was devoted to studying Rambaldi. You believed Lazarey would know where to find the cube. It was a crucial acquisition, because it contained the DNA of Rambaldi himself. You told me The Covenant wanted you to get the information from him and then kill him. It turns out you saved his life. You went to Lazarey the night before you were supposed to kill him. He's a reasonable man. The two of you struck a deal. I'll make this as simple as possible, Mr. Lazarey. Unless you do exactly as I say, by this time tomorrow night, you will be dead. So that's why I faked Lazarey's death. So the videotape. We presumed there'd be surveillance cameras. The murder had to look real. The paramedics were CIA operatives working under my orders. The Kremlin carried out a thorough investigation, and they believed, as did The Covenant, that Andrian Lazarey was assassinated. Assuming everything you're telling me is true, Mr. Kendall, what am I doing here? Why are you telling me this now? And where are we going? We're going to my facility in Nevada. Project: Black Hole. Four years ago when I was called in to question you, I was never FBI. I was Special Research overseeing the project. I've never heard of Project: Black Hole. Thank you. This is everything the government has collected on or about Milo Rambaldi since the 1940s. A quarter of the artefacts we have were collected by you. You're actually something of a celebrity in-house. Which is also why The Covenant needed you. They believe Rambaldi's prophecies. They believe a lot of things, including the idea that you are... The Chosen One. My mother said that the night I disappeared. Get off the ledge! I'll tell you what you need to know. Get off the ledge now. It's you in the prophecy, Sydney, not me. Four months ago, you asked me not to tell you this. I honoured that request as long as possible. Trust me. When I finish the story, you will understand. The Covenant had you. If they could get the cube, they'd have everything to fulfil Rambaldi's prophecy. You continued to feed The Covenant false leads. In truth, you and Lazarey were working for the CIA trying to find that cube. And it took you nine months, but you found it. Where was it? Nothing's ever easy, is it? It was in the Fish River Gorge in Namibia. For 500 years, the key to Rambaldi's prophecy Iay buried in the depths of this cave. To Rambaldi's followers, this was the Holy Grail. A mile-long trek brought you to an elaborate vault that housed the cube. Lazarey had devoted 30 years of his life to acquiring the 12 keys to the vault, the last of which he found only two weeks before your journey. Each one had a name on it that corresponded to a keyhole in the wall. This lock won't stay open. I need to hold the key in place. Lazarey was trapped, and the cave began to collapse around you. Here, bite down on this. There was only one way you could both get out alive. So you got the cube, and you got Lazarey out. Come on, you've got to run. Let's go. Let's go. Come on, keep going. Our agreement with Lazarey was that after he helped track down the cube, we would let him disappear untraced. After you let him go, you were supposed to deliver me the cube. But I didn't show up. No, you didn't. Instead I got this. Do you want to know what happened to your memory? You might want to sit down for this. I'm sorry. I know you were expecting the cube with the DNA. Instead you get this. You've been great to me. A real friend, and I am grateful for that. But I can't go along with it. The plan we had. You know what this is about. And I'm hoping you can understand. What am I talking about? So I'm taking care of it myself. The DNA. Even if it's with the CIA, it'll never be safe, not really. I've seen too much. Everything gets stolen. Everything. So I've got a plan. I found someone, someone who can help me. A man who has done advanced research on how the brain stores short- and long-term memory. I'm not gonna tell you specifics of what I'm doing with the DNA. In fact, I don't want to know them myself. Which is why I'm gonna try and have my memories... ...erased. To keep The Covenant from ever doing what they want with Rambaldi's DNA, I'm gonna have everything that's happened in the past two years removed. If this doesn't work. I mean, if this kills me... ...better I did it than The Covenant. But if it works, if I come back and I don't remember, do me a favour. Don't ever tell me about what I've been through. Why are you doing this? Telling me all this? In his prophecy, Rambaldi spoke of a second coming. Those freaks want to clone him. No. What The Covenant believes is that Rambaldi's work was destined to continue beyond his time. That he was due a second coming by way of a child. "This woman here depicted will possess unseen marks. Signs that she will be the one to bring forth my works." "She will render the greatest power unto utter desolation." The fanatical point of view believes Rambaldi's DNA can be transformed. Used to fertilise the egg of a surrogate mother. Someone referred to in his prophecy as "The Chosen One." That's why they cut me open. Yes. So they could extract my eggs. And that's why you went to such extraordinary lengths. Because his child would also be yours. Sydney, that's why I came to you. Not protocol. There was no official order. Sydney, a couple years ago, I got to know you a little bit. What I believed was, despite your protests, you would want to know about this. The Covenant has it all now. I got this video two days before you turned up in Hong Kong. And despite my being pissed off, I respected your choice. I opted to let it go. But here we are 4 months later, and you went for the cube. Why, when you nearly killed yourself trying to hide it? Three weeks ago, Sloane gave me a package that I had sent to him in the mail. It was addressed in my handwriting. Inside was a key and an address to an apartment in Rome that I had rented as Julia Thorne. I found a code there. Coordinates that led me to a box buried in the sand. It was a hand. It was Lazarey's hand, which led me to Lazarey. To the cube. When The Covenant learned I'd hidden the cube, they kept looking. Eventually, they found it. They found the cave. Lazarey's hand. So they forged my handwriting. They planted the code. They wanted me to find the hand in the desert. They planted it there. They wanted me to ask these questions to smoke out Lazarey. They tricked me into leading them back to the cube. Why didn't you destroy it? I don't know. And why did I just leave it at the hotel? Maybe there was another step. Maybe there was someone else involved. When we get back, I want you to look at all the artefacts. I need a phone. I need a phone right now. This is Marshall. Marshall, I need you to listen to me very carefully. You said that the jerks were taking it away. That you should put a tracer on it and track it because you can imagine how cool it must be. I need you to tell me the truth. Did you put a tracer on that cube? If you did, and if you're afraid you're gonna get disciplined, I swear to God you're gonna be okay. I'm sorry. I didn't put a tracer on it. I know you. No one is more curious about technology than you. I need to find that cube! I didn't put a tracer on it. I swear to you I didn't, okay? Okay. I put a tracer on it, but you cannot tell. If they find out, they will fire me. I cannot be fired. I'm about to have a baby. Marshall, I love you. I love you, too, Syd. But seriously, you can't tell anyone. Can you locate the cube? Well, not exactly, but I can narrow it down to a 10-yard radius. Marshall, that's called locating it. Where is it? Here's the big picture. At 2100 hours, you'll be dropped from 10,000 feet over Patagonia. You'll hit the ground a quarter-mile from the building. We have minimal intelligence on this, but we believe the fertilisation will happen tonight. Chopper will be here in two minutes. We'll review the operation en route. This is Kendall. Where is he? Tell him I'm waiting. What's going on with you two? Nothing. Come on, we got to prep. What are you doing? The day you showed up in Rome, when you called in, they put you through to Kendall. I was there that day in the office. When he hung up, he told me that it was you. I've known the truth about what happened, and I was ordered to say nothing. Dixon, we've been working together for months. It's not easy, is it? Keeping the truth from someone you love? Now I have an idea what it was like for you at SD-6. You're coming with us. Of course I am. It's personal for me, too. Let's do it! Let's move. Okay. Kendall wants all of this brought back for analysis. Do your thing. They have my father. Take care of it. Mr. Lazarey. You know about the passenger? Excuse me? The passenger. We'll have time to talk at the hospital. Get him inside! Move! Shooter! Shooter! Dixon, I'm at the naval hospital. There's a sniper. Lazarey's been shot! He's dead. Get me a team out here now!