I won't let you, stop! Nadia, move! I have betrayed everyone I ever loved, but I was chosen, and this is my road to follow. Welcome back. Today, we shouldn't focus on what we lost, but what we gained by having Nadia in our lives. I not only gained a sister, but a friend. When I think of the years of loneliness she had, no family to speak of, not knowing where she truly belonged, I am so grateful for the warmth and affection she was surrounded by in the end. She taught me the meaning of family. That it goes deeper than blood... that it starts with friendship... and it comforts me to know that although she was taken far too soon, what she left me with will stay with me forever. How could I have trusted him again? After everything? You thought he'd changed. Nadia didn't. I convinced her that he deserved a second chance. I showed him compassion. I won't make that mistake again. Sync by Anyone, Sixe, Guilamu Transcript: Raceman - Has he asked for anything? - No, just a pitcher of water. How's it coming? Page 47, have you decoded it yet? As I told you before, it's going to take time, more time if these interruptions continue. It's been almost a week already, Mr. Sloane. So when do you think we may see some results? This is isn't a crossword puzzle, Ms. Peyton. The key to Rambaldi's endgame is encoded within that manuscript where it has remained hidden for the past 500 years. I hardly think that a week is unreasonable. Perhaps you'd like to take a walk around the grounds, something to clear your mind, allow you to focus. And I'm sure the armed gentleman posted outside the door won't mind if I slip away for a bit of lunch. You're not a prisoner, if that's what you're asking. But given your fugitive status, you can understand our reservations about letting you walk around in public. Yes, of course. I know you've had to make some tough sacrifices. We all have. You think I'm having a crisis of conscience because I killed Nadia? Let me be clear. No one will stand between me and the fulfillment of Rambaldi's ultimate vision. No one. And unless you and your superiors know someone else who's familiar with 15th-century cryptography, I'm sure you can wait a few more days. Of course. If there's anything we can do to expedite your work, you'll let me know? Have you ever seen anything like that before? It's basically a solid state memory chip. Cutting edge tech, at least it was back in the '70s, which I'm guessing is when this little guy was made. What was it doing inside Renee? That's the million-dollar question, isn't it? Basically, there's several hundred kilobytes of... data on this thing. Problem is, it's all encoded. I would have thought 30-year-old encrypted algorithms wouldn't present a problem. Well, they wouldn't if the code was complete, but half the data's missing, probably corrupted over time. Without it, I can't create a baseline for encryption analysis. And you can't extrapolate the missing data? I'm trying to, but I'm not going to hold my breath. What about these markings? What are these? It's probably nothing, Maybe just a serial number, maybe, or, the name of the company that desi... - What is it? - Hold on a sec. I'll put it up on the monitor. - We should tell Sydney. - I'll do that. In the meantime, Marshall, do whatever takes to break that encryption.</i> I want to know what else is on this chip,</i> and I want to know what it was doing inside Renee.</i> We just got a hit on one of the hard lines. Contact Peyton. I'm sending it over now. Isabelle, will you please sleep? Sweetie... - Hey, dad. - Hey, sweetheart. Isn't this her nap time? I wish. Apparently, this little girl doesn't need sleep anymore. We got a collective four hours last night. It must be genetic. You used to wake up at 4:00am every day like clockwork. I am sorry about that. Did Marshall finish his analysis of the chip? Actually, that's why I'm here. Marshall found data on it, all of it encrypted, but he also found something else. Vaughn's name was etched on the outside of the device, his real name... André Michaux. Wait, what? Marshall believes the chip was placed inside Renée almost 30 years ago. Vaughn and Renée didn't know each other 30 years ago. No, but their fathers did. Vaughn told you they were working together against Prophet Five. And you're thinking what, that one of them implanted the chip inside Renee? At this point, it's the most likely presumption. - Why? Why would they... - I don't know, but someone left Vaughn's name on it intentionally, expecting it to be found. It's possible he may have some understanding of what the chip contains. Dad, no. As far as Prophet Five is concerned, Vaughn is dead. - Involving him at this point... - A calculated risk, I know. He's still in recovery. - He is not field-ready. - I know. I'll do everything I can to protect him. We'll have an agent dead-drop the chip to Vaughn. He'll never be seen. - Dad... - Sydney, we don't have a choice. Sloane's decision to openly join Prophet Five suggests that they're close to their endgame. Right now this chip is our only lead. But if someone's going to take that chip to Vaughn, it's me. Syd's en route to Nepal to see someone</i> who may be able to decipher the chip.</i> Who's the contact? Someone who worked with Renee. That's all Jack told me. This contact Sydney's meeting in Nepal, do you have any idea who it is? You busy? Just trying to catch up on the latest tech. What's going on? When was the last time you went to a movie? The last movie? I used to go to movies all the time, and I haven't be in so long, because there's always something more important to do. This isn't about going to the movies, is it? When you were working at The Shed, did you ever see an agent buried? - It takes a while to get over it. - What if I can't? What if I'm not cut out for this? First it was Gordon Dean, and now it's Sloane. They were right in front of me the whole time deceiving me, and I was oblivious. You're a good agent, Rachel. Listen... I would tell you if I didn't think you could handle this. I'd like to place a classified ad in next week's edition. A child? Yes, that's right. Sydney has a daughter. What's her name? Isabelle. I suppose Vaughn is the father or was the father, I should say. Yes, that's right. In this business, it's always the children who suffer. Arvin, it troubles you, doesn't it? Looking at me, seeing her look back at you. You're nothing like her. I suppose you know what I'm like. Of course I do. You're driven by anger. You crave power, which I assume was something you were deprived of in childhood. Sydney, on the other hand, is driven by a sense of duty, of loyalty to those she loves. That's where she gets her strength. It's also what makes her weak. Attachments are a vulnerability, which are easily exploited. And yet, she somehow always manages to best you. And now a victory she's not even aware of. Tell me, I imagine you do your best to avoid mirrors... yes? And I suppose you believe you're driven by faith. Look where it's gotten you. Something tells me being Prophet Five's newest pawn wasn't exactly your endgame. Unlike yourself, I know my place in the big picture. You, however, will continue to deceive yourself if you think you're anything more than dispensable. This... ...procedure that you've undergone... Surely there must be a reason why they want you to look like Sydney. And when that purpose is fulfilled, you will become unnecessary. Lovely catching up. The truth is you're no different than she is.</i> You're dispensable, too. Miss Bristow... I'm Nabin. I'm afraid you must have overlooked me. Yes, I did. It's no matter. You yourself are hard to overlook. In fact... You're just as lovely as Mr. Vaughn described. Mr. Vaughn... Don't tell him I told you. He talks about you all the time. Come, my car is just this way. The drive up to Tambor is only 20 minutes. How is Mr. Vaughn? He's recovering very well. Nicely healed, I should think. Here we are. Can I help you with the bag? Hurry! We don't have much time. His name's Nabin. Michael Vaughn sent him to pick up agent Bristow. Vaughn? - Isn't he... - Apparently not. - I'll see you at the intercept point. - Wait. Wear this. - Nabin? - Miss Bristow. Welcome to Nepal. - Thank you. - Right this way. Mr. Vaughn is so eager to see you. No, this is definitely not good, all right?</i> Sorry, sir. Answer me this: When will you have the one with the comfort grip in stock? I'll transfer you to customer service.</i> Ask for the manager. His name... I'm sorry. Could you repeat that? I can't... Can you hear me? - No. It's just... There's like a clicking sound. Do you hear that clicking? No. But I'll have the manager give you a call. Alright... Why don't you have him... - call me? Thank you. - Alright. Thank you for nothing. Thank you for calling. We're out of coffee. Coffee? Yeah... I know you might not... ...think that's important. A lot of people don't... ...don't drink coffee. Generally might... say that you should have some tea or... Some soda, which also has some... ...caffeine, but I'm telling you, it's not the same. It's... ...important. You're sure about this? Positive. I noticed a glitch on the phone, so I checked the PBX controls. According to the records, Sloane logged on to the network, and he put the entire phone system on some sort of passive surveillance mode, which... I didn't even know was possible! How did he get access? All of his authorization codes were revoked four days ago. I was thinking the same thing but, remember, Sloane installed most of the systems. He must have installed some sort of backdoor in the network. Listen, for the past 24 hours, Sloane and most likely Prophet Five have been able to monitor every conversation inside A.P.O. We need to contact Sydney immediately. Hello. Sydney? Listen to me very carefully. Are you with your contact? Yeah, I am. There's been a security breach at A.P.O. It was Sloane. We have reason to believe you've been compromised.</i> No, we're right on time, actually. I'll call you once we arrive. Cell phones. They are a miracle. Don't slow down. Just go around. You're in a hurry. I understand. But perhaps, shouldn't we stop to help? Hello, Sydney. Well, that was fairly easy. Of course, if I'd known it was in Renée, I would have saved us both the trouble and cut it out of her myself, when I slit her throat. Wait.... Anna... Sorry, Syd. Don't have time to chat. I've got a date. Now... I don't know exactly what I'm going to do with your boyfriend. But whatever it is, I'll have fun doing it. Are you okay? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. Actually, the doctor says I don't need this anymore. I think it looks debonair. It does. God, I missed you. How is she? Isabelle. She's beautiful. Just like her mother. Isabelle. Isabelle. You named her Isabelle. You like it? Yeah, it was my idea, wasn't it? What is it you wanted? Clementine? Not a day's gone by that I didn't want to call you, talk to you. I had this fear I'd never see you again. Silly, huh? Maybe a little. I'm assuming this is good news. Have you made any progress? No. Unfortunately, I've discovered an anomaly in the composition. Joseph Pinara's influence in Rambaldi's encryption. Pinara was a 14th-century cleric who published... I'll skip the history lesson, if you don't mind. "Le Libraire". It's a private seller of used books in Geneva. They have a copy of the Pinara manuscript. I can't decipher Page 47 without it. Fine. Write down the address. I'll get it myself. Very well. How long do you think you can deceive them? Page 47... Eventually they're going to find out you already know what it says. You're stalling. You must have some plan. What do you want from me, Nadia? I don't want anything. Why don't you understand, Nadia? Every sacrifice I've ever made has been for the greater good. Yet every sacrifice you've made has come at someone else's expense. Or have you forgotten? Oh, no, I haven't forgotten. I play it over in my mind. The irony. All those years I was worried about your well-being. And now I realize in the end, I had no choice. You still believe that, don't you? That your actions are controlled by fate? That you were chosen? Why, dad? Surely you must ask yourself why would Rambaldi choose you? You're not a man of honor. You're not particularly courageous. You're charitable, but only when it serves your own interest, and last but not least, you murder the people you claim to love. What do you want from me, Nadia? I don't want anything. Then why are you here? Dad... I'm here because you want me here. Now you can pursue Rambaldi and have your daughter at the same time. Isn't that what you said you wanted? Just before you killed me? No... Not like this. Sir? Do you need anything? I thought I heard you talking. No. I'm fine. I can't believe Renée's dead. If it hadn't been for her, I wouldn't have known about Prophet Five or the truth of my father. None of it. Who killed her? Anna Espinosa. Anna? She was in jail. Apparently Prophet Five arranged for her release. What do you think it is? I don't know. Renée never mentioned it. Marshall couldn't decode it? He thought part of the code might be missing. Unless the data's been corrupted. He thinks it was in her body since she was a kid, maybe 30 years. What is it? Where was it, exactly? - What do you mean? - Inside Renée's body, where was it? I don't know. Why? My father once told me a story that I had a bike accident when I was a kid, drove it right into a tree. And even though I have no recollection of it, I never questioned him, because it left me with this scar. Maybe the code isn't corrupted at all. Maybe there's another half. Okay, this might prevent infection, but it won't help with pain. Yeah, well, you can handle childbirth, I can handle this. I'm in good hands. You need to sit very still. - This is going to hurt. - Yeah, I know. You mentioned that. It's okay. I trust you. Hello. Dad, it's me. Sydney, are you okay? You were right. The mission's been compromised. Anna knows about Vaughn. Where are you? Wait, dad, listen to me. It gets worse. I've been doubled. You need to stay still. Think about some things. Yeah, well, give me something to think about. Tell me about Isabelle. Well, she has your eyes, the same... blue-green. And her smile is... is like your smile. - Really? - Yeah, but her chin is pointy. It's like mine. It's cute. Oh, God, I can't wait to meet her! I got it. Apply pressure. Same etchings? "Renée Goursaud." Yeah, can I see that? Perfect fit. I'm looking for a manuscript by Joseph Pinara. I called ahead. Wait one moment. I've got it right over here. Your receipt is in the book. Nothing else? No, that'll be all. Thanks. I believe there is someone trying to contact you. No, it wasn't him. It was a woman, but she knew the protocol. German. Yeah. Looks like some sort of emergency evacuation plan. Continuity of government from the cold war. It's a nuclear fallout bunker. Hamburg, Germany, under Bergner park. You think there's something there? Maybe. I'm going to go with you to find out. Look, I know what you're thinking. I'm not ready, but, Syd, you said it yourself. My father left this map. Chances are, when you get there, you may need my help. You're right. I'll call for transport. Okay. What I'm about to tell you is not to leave this room. Agent Vaughn is alive. I knew it! I knew it! I knew he couldn't be... dead. For the last several months, Vaughn's been kept in a secure location in Nepal pending his recovery. I hope you can all understand that secrecy was a necessary measure to ensure his safety. Unfortunately, those measures weren't sufficient. Through Sloane's tapping of our network, prophet five learned of Sydney's trip to Nepal. They sent an agent to intercept her. - Is she okay? - She's fine. She made it to Vaughn's location, but Vaughn was no longer there. He was abducted. In a matter of speaking. We managed to pick up the trail. This was taken in the Hamburg international airport one hour ago. The woman in the photo is not Sydney. You sure you got the coordinates right? What happened to Bergner park? A lot changes in 30 years, but those bunkers were steel-reinforced concrete. It would be pretty tough to demolish something like that. My guess is that they're still under there. We just have to find a way in. You know, that diamond store over there-- it probably has some pretty expensive pieces. Chances are they're locked away every night. In some sort of basement storage room, maybe? Worth a try. How do you want to handle this? Like we did in Cartagena. I'll follow your lead. Okay, let's go. Do you really think you're going to get away with this? You're out of your league. They killed Vaughn. They killed Renée. They've probably killed Sydney by now. Stop, Nadia. Just stop. They're better than you, smarter. What makes you think you stand a chance? This should solve all your problems. The Pinara manuscript. I hope it helps. Well, with all the work that has to be done, I'll get out of your way. Unfortunately, I seem to be getting in my own way. How is that? The effects of losing a child cannot be underestimated. You're right. I am distracted. In order for me to concentrate on the future, I need to make peace with the past. Oh, baby, look at this one. - Really? - Oh, it's gorgeous! No, I'd prefer that one there. It's, you know... - it's a little less big. - No, no, no, no. Is there anything you would like to see? Hi. Is this a princess cut? Yes, it is. Your girlfriend has very good taste. Yeah, for that price, she might as well be a princess. It costs nothing to try on. A stone of that quality has this effect on some people. No, she has seizures. Kelly, just breathe. It's okay. Could I get some help here, please? It's okay. Just relax. How do I get access downstairs? My keys... take my keys. Watch him. I'm in Hamburg, Bromestrasse 123. I'll need an extraction. Don't hurt me, please. I'll do whatever you ask. Then shut up. Thanks. I've got it from here. Who are you? It's a pity you'll never know. Sydney and I never went to Cartagena. And just for the record, you're a terrible kisser. I always said Sydney was too good for you. Let's see if this one's loaded. Are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. How did you... Okay, we can go now. Project summaries, test subjects, names, dates-- it's all here. Your father's research of prophet five. Most of these organizations still exist, Syd. We can end it all. Hang on. Go ahead. I got your message. Did you get the chip? Yes. I'm done here. Good. Bleichen and Bromestrasse. We should be there in five minutes. That was Peyton. She's coming to extract Anna. Who's Peyton? Sloane is part of this. He works with prophet five. He killed Nadia. This is my chance to stop him. I know. You can't go back to A.P.O. There are moles within the government. We can't trust anyone. Contact my father. Explain the situation. Okay, I will. Here, take this. It's useless to them without the other half. Take the tracking device in your phone and embed it in the chip before you hand it over. We'll be able to track your movements. I have to go. I know. Be careful. We were expecting to hear from you sooner. I ran into a few complications. Nothing I couldn't handle. And Sydney? She's dead. This is what they found inside Renée Rienne. Nice work. Well, if you were able to pull this off, the rest should be easy.