also a double agent with CIA. Get down. I guess we'll just have to learn to trust each other. Bristow's CIA contact: Michael Vaughn. My guardian angel. Her current assignment: to infiltrate and destroy SD-6, a secret organisation dealing in espionage, extortion, weapon sales, posing as the CIA. SD-6 has made over $400 million in arms sales alone. The sanctity of this agency requires the sacrifice of some personal freedoms. This is not about cutting off an arm of the monster. This is about killing the monster. Bristow's mother, formerly Russian intelligence, recently turned herself in to the CIA. Mom? Intel indicates she may still be an enemy of the United States. The true loyalty of Agent Bristow's mother remains unknown. Previously on <i>Alias:</i> Let's talk about last week, the incident in Madagascar. My mother informed us the building was safe to enter. In truth, it was a trap. Derevko had rigged it with explosives. Washington has made a decision regarding your mother. What she did to you invalidated her agreement with the CIA. The government is pressing charges. I saw Desouza. He told me that you hired him to rig those explosives. Sydney will never know about what I've done. You betrayed her trust. I won't. - You want me to hypnotise you? - I need to know what happened to me. Where are you, Sydney? In my room, when I was little. You took away my choices in life. You programmed me to be a spy. You weren't trying to protect me from her. You were trying to protect your secret. So the first opportunity you had, you set her up. I will never forgive you for this. Your mother's trial starts this morning. - How long do you think it'll last? - Could be a while. With 86 counts of espionage against her, the prosecution alone could take months just to present their case. I wanna see the opening arguments. I'll arrange for a closed-circuit feed into the ops centre. Thanks. You know any jokes? Cos I could use one. This grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says: "Hey, we have a drink named after you." And the grasshopper says... - "You have a drink named Doug?" - I was gonna use "Phil". - Phil is certainly no funnier than Doug. - I know. I'm sorry. It's a non-humorous... Mr Sark. As you know, he's proven himself to be a key player in the world of international organised crime. Now he may be developing a bio-weapon, synthesised from a virus that we've never seen before. This is Claus Richter, a former employee of Sark's, whom we've recently taken into custody. A routine medical workup revealed that Richter may have been exposed to the virus before we picked him up. - Marshall. - Thank you, sir. OK. Now, take a look on your screen here. These little squiggly things, that's just normal flu antibodies, something you might have if you got a common cold... cough... something. Now, let's take a look at Richter's blood work. Now, this shows antibodies 1,000% above normal levels. Very similar to the Ebola virus, most notably massive haemorrhaging, except that this virus works by breaking down bonds between cells. So, basically, Richter's body in just a couple of days is gonna... Like, did you ever see that movie <i>The Fly?</i> D'you remember that little poor red-assed baboon when he was turned inside out? Thank you, Marshall. We recently uncovered a charter agreement indicating that Sark rented a medically-equipped 727 to transport three patients, presumably suffering from the same virus as Richter, to a private hospital in Geneva. This hospital is one of Sark's business fronts. We believe he's assembled a team to study the virus. Your objective is to infiltrate the facility and acquire the research. Jack, you'll be entering the hospital as a patient in need of a kidney transplant. You'll be accompanying him as the loving daughter who's agreed to donate one. I trust that this won't be too much of a stretch for either of you. - We should talk. - We have nothing to talk about. I know you have questions. You can either be angry, or you can be informed. Please try to understand what I'm about to tell you, Sydney. After your mother left, I tested Project Christmas on you because I didn't want you to be a victim. I thought it was my responsibility to teach you how to think strategically, to see through people's lies, to be as strong as you could be in an environment where one mistake could cost you your life. Then you should've told me the truth before I ended up here. Yes, you're right. I never intended you to lead a double life. I imagined recruiting you into the CIA after you finished college, but Sloane got to you first, and that is a mistake I will never live down. I'd like to believe you, but I don't trust anything you say. Closed-circuit's online. The proceedings start in about a minute. - And the feed'll be right over here. - Thanks, Rick. That's Senator Douglas. Where's the judge? I know you were expecting opening arguments for the prosecution of Irina Derevko, but as of this morning, a plea agreement has been reached with the defendant. In regard to the 86 counts of espionage, leading to the deaths of 12 United States operatives, Derevko has pled guilty on all counts. A select penalty jury was empanelled early this morning, and the decision was predictably swift. Derevko received the maximum sentence under federal statute: death by lethal injection. Since she's opted to forgo all appeals, her execution will be carried out three days from today. Session adjourned. "Confidential to Deputy Director Devlin." "I'm writing to inform you that my father, Jack Bristow, did wilfully deceive the CIA into believing Irina Derevko violated her immunity agreement." "I'm committing this statement to paper so it may be used in an official capacity to halt my mother's execution." "Despite her past crimes, I can't in good conscience allow her sentence to be carried out when she kept her word to cooperate with us." "It is not Irina Derevko who should be answering these charges." "It is my father." We have a dead drop. Request pickup. It looks like a letter. Copy that. Sending agent for retrieval. When my mom first came back into my life, I wanted her dead. So how the hell did I become the person who's trying to save her? It doesn't mean that you have to be her best friend. It means that you did the right thing. - How are you? - I got my 30-day sobriety chip. Even though I was never a drug addict, I'm kinda proud. By the way, you know anybody who wants a car? I'm hocking mine. - You're selling your car? - Yeah. It's either that or I quit paying my student loans. And I can't afford to have bad credit and a criminal record. I know you're gonna say no, but I can lend you money. Yes, I'm gonna say no. But thank you. - Hey. - Seriously, my morning. I got rear-ended by four frat guys coming home from a party. Two of them threw up while I was getting their insurance information. - At least they had insurance. - Why are you cleaning like this? You're acting like Howard Hughes. The Zagat guy's coming to give his review today. I want this place spotless. There's a hamburger behind you. Francie, I walked up through Los Feliz and Atwater Village. Cool, Cliff. Thanks. Give me just a second, OK? I told him I'd give him a couple of bucks if he'd just hand out some fliers. - Hamburgers are on the menu, right? - Garden burger. - How much are you paying that guy? - 12 bucks an hour. - Hamburger's making more than I am. - Keep cleaning, sweetie. - I gotta clean. - I gotta catch a plane. - Be safe. - OK. Sir, if you'll recall, Project Christmas was developed by Jack Bristow to train potential CIA recruits at a young age. Now, based on the research Irina Derevko stole from him, the KGB developed their own version of the project. - Yes, I recall. - One of our assets in Moscow just sent this over. It's a test questionnaire administered to a group of first-graders in the early '80s. The test was designed to identify kids who'd make good agents in the Soviet secret service. And reading over it, what really struck me is how similar these questions are to a standard IQ test given to first-graders in this country. Where are you going with this? Remember the rumour going around the Agency during the Cold War about the Soviets raising sleeper agents as Americans? I know it sounds potentially paranoid, but this is how you would do it. If they managed to get their test in circulation here, they could have contacted hundreds of kids. Interesting, but unlikely. I just think it would be interesting to analyse tests from... Stop. We can't spare a single agent right now, much less a team for a project that at best has historical value. The KGB doesn't even exist any more. I see your mother's latest manoeuvre had its intended effect on you. - What manoeuvre would that be? - Pleading guilty. - Accepting the death penalty. - Yup. - She's got us right where she wants us. - Not us. You. Your mother's no fool. She must have deduced I set her up. So why do you imagine she pled guilty? Because she was struck by a crisis of conscience? I think she knew the verdict was a foregone conclusion. She pled guilty to keep you from witnessing her trial, Sydney. From having you see photos of the agents she savagely murdered, including Vaughn's father. She knew if you sat through that, whatever sympathy she'd managed to elicit from you would vanish. So she cast herself as the victim, to compel you to save her, and guess what. You fell for it. I thought you deserved a second chance to think things over. Here's your letter. How'd you get that? I spent a decade with this woman, and another 20 years analysing how she could have deceived me for so long. Trust me when I tell you I am protecting you. No, you're not. I think you loved Mom so much that when she left you, you lost your soul. You know what else I think? I think the kind of man who'd use his own daughter to frame her mother, who'd test psych experiments on her when she was six years old, is the kind of man who looks at his daughter and sees his greatest mistake. You can't honestly believe that. It's true, isn't it? If Mom hadn't fooled you, if you hadn't been so gullible, I never would have been born. I'm gonna finish reviewing the mission now. - Thanks. Thanks for coming. - Of course. Everything all right? Look, I don't... I don't know how to say this other than to just say it. I need a job. With all the publicity, no one will hire me. I thought maybe you could help me out. I don't mean to be an agent. I know that the CIA has a ton of front companies, and you have defence contractors and shipping companies. - I'll work at a desk anywhere just to... - I know this is going to drive you insane, but we can't employ you because you have a criminal record. I have a criminal record because of a drug habit I never had. Know anybody who wants to buy a car? There might be something. I have a discretionary fund I use for informants. Totally off the books. I could pay you to do research. Seriously? I would so owe you. This is a list of questions. Please, keep them to yourself. All I need you to do is find out if any of these questions ever appeared on a standardised test in the United States over the last 20 years. The more you tell me, the faster I can get you what you want, so... I pay by the hour. Take your time. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Mr Harrison, I'm Jan Spinnaker, hospital administrator. Welcome to St Alban's. My daughter, and the very twinkle in my eye, Mary. Daddy, stop it. It's so nice to meet you. A pleasure to meet a daughter who'd sacrifice so much for her father. - I would do anything for my daddy. - This way, please. The computer in this satchel provides me a secure link to my money. The satchel cannot be removed from my arm during the operation. - All arrangements have been made... - Now, I chose your hospital for its high-security status. We employ security with training equivalent to the Secret Service. - You won't be disappointed. - Very good. You're going to Geneva to get a sample of a top-secret virus. Now, your cover is, you're going in for a kidney transplant, so you're probably thinking "Hold on a second, Marshall. We need our kidneys." Don't worry. They're not going anywhere, because of this. Now, basically, when you are positioned in the OR, press this button lightly twice. It will activate a tank of halothane. Halothane is the same anaesthetic that they'll be pumping through your masks. Why don't you both try counting backwards from ten? Ten, nine, eight... Which leads us to question number two. "If they're pumping anaesthesia in the room, and you're also gulping it down..." What'd I do with...? ".. by the maskful, then what's going to prevent us from passing out ourselves?" The solution is in this solution. It's a mix of anti-anaesthetics, and I also for good measure threw in a time-release synthetic caffeine that I use in my decaf every morning. Just take it right before you head into the hospital, and... Trust me, you won't fall asleep. .. seven, six... They'll be out for 15 minutes. They've all been sedated for the pain. Patient Zero's in there. Get a blood sample. I'll download the viral research. Irina? I need help. Don't struggle. If you tear your glove off, you could become infected. I'll up his morphine. Irina? His vitals fell below the preset warning levels. The doctors will be alerted. Work fast. Eagle Eye, this is Blackbird. Requesting early extraction, LZ Bravo. Copy that, Blackbird. ETA LZ Bravo in three minutes. Come on, come on, come on. This is Dr Lazar. I need security teams on the research level, now. We need to get to the roof. Security will flank us from both sides of the hall. We can't reload the tranks fast enough to take out more than four people. Find some iodine. Ammonia and iodine form an unstable compound when they're mixed together. Initiate level-three lockdown, perimeter and elevators. I got this. Blackbird, we're on the roof. We're waiting for you. - Don't shoot. - Against the wall. Bypass the lockdown. I'll hold them off. Buy me ten seconds. I need more time. Ammo. Sydney. Blackbird has deployed forward to extraction point. You're wondering why that man mistook you for your mother. He worked for her. I skimmed the research as it was downloading. Before she surrendered to the CIA, Irina deliberately ordered Sark to expose some of her own operatives to the virus in order to study it. Ask yourself if that's a person worth saving. I had Toxicology analyse the glass of wine that somehow made its way into my house last week. They found a compound called VTX, which counteracts the effects of sodium morphate. Sodium morphate is the poison I used to end Emily's suffering. I see two possibilities here. Either Emily predicted your intention to euthanise her, took the necessary countermeasures, and is now playing a game with you, or the more likely scenario - someone wants you to believe Emily is alive. Or worse, they'll try and make the Alliance believe it, too. If they think that I failed to carry out the one condition of my admittance, that I've been betraying them the whole time, then they'll be forced to assume that my entire division is rogue. Then we'll all be in danger. I don't think I can ever forgive my father for the things he's done. But maybe he's right about what he's been saying all along. Maybe her cooperation is part of some elaborate strategy he's more equipped to see than I am. Your father's asking you to let her die for something she might do. I don't think you could live with that. - Good work in Geneva. - Thanks. The CIA is analysing the copy of the disk you brought back. If SD-6 plans on using the virus as a weapon, we might get a jump on the antidote thanks to the blood work you brought back. - I hope so. - There's something else you should know. - Will came to me for a job. - He did? He didn't want to bother you, so I hired him off the books to do some research. - On what? - Just background on the old KGB version of Project Christmas. Of course, I didn't tell him that. He thinks he's comparing an IQ test against the public record. I just figured it was your prerogative to tell him more. - That was really nice of you. Thanks. - You're welcome. There's nothing more boring than a commerce bureau luncheon. Thanks for joining me, Jack. What is it? - Did you see that? - See what? Can I help you? Did you see someone come in here just now? A woman? - No, I've been alone all morning. - Father, would you excuse us, please? Sit down. - You tell me you saw her. - I saw a woman, but it could have been anyone. You may be suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, brought on by intense feelings of guilt. Arvin, you have walked into a church, a place to confess. Or she's alive. She knew the alarm code. She could have come into the house undetected. There is a clear way to know for certain. But I hesitate to suggest it. Sir, there's something I have to report. While it appears that my mother sent me into a trap in Madagascar, in truth, she was unaware that there was any danger. Yes, I know. I have your father's statement right here. - He told us himself this morning. - What? A hearing is scheduled with the Joint Intelligence Committee. My intention wasn't to punish my father, sir. It was to stop my mother's execution from going forward. Excuse me. Yes? I'll send her down right now. They'd like to see you in Medical Services. - You asked to see me? - Agent Bristow, I'm Dr Nicholas. What's going on? Five weeks ago you infiltrated one of your mother's laboratories in Taipei, where you discovered a Rambaldi device. How long were you in proximity to the device? It took me about a minute to rig it with explosives. I made it to the other side of the door, but Vaughn was submerged... I don't know, maybe another minute or two. Will someone please tell me what's going on? We believe the device is the source of the virus that infected the men in Geneva. Unfortunately, you and Agent Vaughn may have been exposed. I'm sorry. We'd like to draw some blood and keep you under observation. If Sloane pages me, that's gonna be a problem. Your father's already been informed. He's covering for you. I know. It's not hard to see Anyone who looks at me... - Hi. - Hey. - Did you close your eyes at all? - On and off. You talk in your sleep. No. - What'd I say? - "Don't frost the pie." It seemed really important. No idea. You think we're sick? I don't know. Vaughn, can I tell you something? Agent Bristow, your tests came back negative for antibodies. You're free to go. Agent Vaughn, your tests at this point are inconclusive. We did find a heightened level of antibodies in your bloodstream, but you could simply be fighting off a cold. We won't know for a few more hours. You'll have to stay. You said Sark tested Patient Zero's blood at the first sign of infection. What was the sign? Haemorrhaging from the fingernails. I'll be fine. Your dad's hearing is in an hour. You should go. And someday I'll go Where there ain't no rain or snow Till then I'll travel alone And I'll make my bed With the stars above my head And dream of a place called home - I'll see you soon. - Yeah. And dream of a place called home Agent Bristow, this hearing's been convened to determine an appropriate punishment for the crimes depicted in your statement. Before we begin our inquiry, do you have anything you'd like to say? Only that despite my admission of guilt, I still firmly believe Irina Derevko's a threat, and will prove it at her earliest possible convenience. Is that how you justify lying to your superiors? - Endangering other agents? - Yes. Why this sudden change of heart? Deferentially, Senator, my reasons are my own. I see. Reviewing your file, I was shocked to discover how many times you've displayed behaviour that at best can be characterised as "rogue". You have lost the benefit of the doubt here, sir, and your silence will not suffice. So again I ask you, why the change of heart? My daughter convinced me that I acted unethically. Isn't it a fact that you knew your daughter intended to turn you in, and that you beat her to the punch, only by an hour, in order to secure a degree of leniency from this body? No, sir, that is not the case. Sydney Bristow, my daughter, has come to believe that when I look at her, I see the embodiment of all my flaws. And this afternoon, when I learnt that she may have been exposed to a life-threatening disease, I realised she might die believing that. But nothing could be further from the truth. When I look at her, when I look at the little girl who raised herself to become one of the most extraordinary human beings and one of the finest agents I've ever had the privilege of knowing, I see only the promise of my own redemption. Turning myself in was the only way I could think of to make that clear to her, to prove that despite my limited abilities as a father, I love her more than I could ever say. - I didn't order this. - It's from the gentleman at the bar. - You OK? - Yeah. Clean bill of health. Apparently I am fighting a cold. I came by to see you after the hearing, but they were still running tests. I know. They told me you came here. This is ridiculous, being in the same restaurant on the phone. Listen, Syd, I actually came by to tell you something. They're sending your father to prison. You're kidding. It gets worse. Douglas decided your mother's immunity agreement was never binding. They're gonna carry out her death sentence anyway. Her execution goes ahead tomorrow at 8am. Welcome back to Washington, Senator. Ed, you missed the exit. Hello? No. No. Hey. You're making a big mistake. Sorry about the detour, Senator, but I need two minutes of your undivided attention. I don't care what point you want to make. I'd like you to drop charges against my father and honour my mother's immunity. I recognise how indecisive this sounds, but I turned her in under false pretences, and my father, I've come to believe, was protecting me. His intentions are irrelevant. It's his decisions that matter. I'm sorry, Agent Bristow. But my colleagues and I have a zero tolerance for anyone who'd lie to their own government, especially in this day and age. And your mother? Well, she's had it coming for 20 years. Now, given what you've been through, I'm willing to forgive your little misstep tonight. Would you kindly drop me off at home? Wait in the car. How did you persuade Douglas to reverse himself? I told him I have a secret only you and I know about. A secret Sloane told you in confidence that poses such a threat to national security that we couldn't trust even the CIA to contain it. What secret is that? One of your colleagues, a United States senator, is working for the Alliance. We have evidence of wire transfers totalling $6.3 million. - To whom? - That's what we're trying to find out, but without my mother and father, I'll be forced to hand the investigation over to the FBI. There's no senator in the Alliance's pocket. You lied. I'm not proud of what I did. I may not agree with your decision to interact with your mother, Sydney, but I will, from now on,