the C.D.C. They are government. Marshall counted 12 sources that make up Prophet Five. 12, dad. My daughter... when will she be cured? Soon. Perhaps you could be a bit more specific. I wish I could... But there are a few more things we need you to do first. You have a baby girl. Synchro: Anyone Sixe Guilamu Transcript : Raceman Suggestions critics insults : aliassub@gmail.com I'd apologize for the method of transport, but I'm sure you understand our need for discretion. And I am not in a position to simply disappear for an extended period of time without raising concern. Some advance warning would have been preferred. Yes... but then that would spoil all the fun. We have some business which requires your immediate attention. But I can assure you, we'll have you back in Los Angeles before your co-workers even realize that you've gone. It's not your timetable that troubles me, Joseph. It's your manners. Here you are. You're not joining us? The 12 are waiting for you inside. You're not allowed in that room, are you? Mr. Sloane. It's an honor to meet you. We've been admirers of yours for quite some time. Gentlemen. We'd like to thank you for all the work you've done thus far on our behalf. I'm not certain I have much choice. Not to get into a free will debate right now, Mr. Sloane, but... you've always had a choice. This is our most recent medical report on your daughter, Nadia. As you're aware, we have the capabilities to restore her health. And we're prepared to do so on a permanent basis, provided of course you complete one final assignment for us. No, I've heard such promises for some time now. Tell me, what guarantees do I have that this is the last you'll require of me? Look around you, Arvin. Would we show you our faces if it were our intention to keep you subservient? You've earned the right to stand in front of us. We have a job for you. You'll keep your eye on the endgame, as you always have. Because the moment this assignment is over, we'll give you back your daughter. What exactly do you want me to do? This prisoner is one of the most dangerous inmates we have in this facility. We don't leave anyone alone with her. I'm simply concerned for your safety. Well, that's sweet, but something tells me we're gonna get along just fine. Ms. Espinosa, my name's Kelly Peyton. I work for an independent organization interested in retaining your services. Get out of my cell. If I'm interrupting your busy schedule of invasive interrogation, I do apologize. This facility you're in doesn't exist on government record. You're being held here without charge, which means you don't exist anymore. I can't imagine that thought's appealing to you. My employer will secure your immediate release, in exchange for which, you will undertake a long-term, deep-cover operation for us. I told you to get out of my cell... which means if you don't take your skinny little ass back down that hallway right now... you won't exist anymore either. I don't think you're understanding me. I'm offering you the chance to get back at the person who put you here. I'm offering you the chance to destroy Sydney Bristow. Here you go. What are you doing? They fell when I tried to put them away. Sydney, you do not leave edged weapons within the reach of children. - She's 4 weeks old, dad. - Particularly young Bristow women. She can't even hold her head up. I think we're safe. Have you contacted your field sources? Nobody's heard so much as a whisper since Irina disappeared. We should task Echelon with her known aliases. We already have. Rest assured, we've engaged our full resources in looking for your mother. Any news of Prophet Five? No significant activity in the last few weeks. I don't like it. Mom dealt Prophet Five a significant blow when she stole the Horizon. If we aren't picking up activity, it's only because they're regrouping, coming up with an alternate plan of attack. Try to enjoy your time away. Right now you only need to concern yourself with being a mother. As soon as the affairs of the world require your attention, I'll let you know. I need assurances that Sydney Bristow will not be harmed. It's not our intention to kill miss Bristow, if that's what you're asking. I believe you're overestimating my ability to influence her. Even when agent Bristow thought that I was an honorable man, she rarely did as I directed. We're simply asking you to guide her actions a bit. She's on leave, content to stay at home and care for her newborn daughter. I can't task her to re-enter the field and expect her to follow orders. - She would need... - Incentive. I think you'll find, Arvin, it won't be as difficult to get miss Bristow into the field as you imagine. Will Tippin? Sorry, I think you have the wrong house. I'm agent Reeves, witness security, C.I.A. There's been an incident. I'm afraid that your cover may have been compromised. Something's happened to Sydney Bristow. Come in. Sir, is there anyone else in the house? I was sort of expecting someone. But you're alone now? All right. I've got him. Will's home security system caught the abduction. - When did this happen? - Last night. Will missed his standard check-in. Have we I.Ded the assailants? The detention facility reported Anna was still in custody as of yesterday morning. They were surprised too, to learn she's at large. - And we're just going to accept that? - No, of course not. Anna's escape, plus her knowledge of Will's location, suggests internal assistance at the highest level. Langley launched a full-scale investigation. I don't trust anyone else on this. We've already requested and been granted the authority to go after Tippin ourselves. We're only telling you this because Will is your friend, and we both know you'd want to be informed. We are not asking you to end your leave. We have this under control. You don't need to come back to work. Anna's involvement is actually a positive for us. She's too well-known in the underworld to disappear outright. We anticipate that she will reveal herself before long. We will find her. Yes, we will. I appreciate your effort to protect me on this, but as of this moment, I'm back. Would you mind holding his head steady, please? He should be awake shortly. I'll have Anna make the call. I have the subject you requested. I'll give you the location once I receive payment.</i> The Centurion. Midnight. Come alone. Echelon intercepted the phone call an hour ago. Voiceprint matches. It's Anna. Who's the other man? We believe he's a Russian mafia lieutenant named Yerik Semanko. The Centurion is one of their known fronts.</i> Sydney, you're to infiltrate the club and surveil the meet.</i> We'll have a support team on standby to extricate Will</i> as soon as you ascertain his location.</i> Anna will have 'em on alert. It's doubtful we'll be able to just walk in the front door. We will have an insertion scenario prepared for you. You'll get the necessary op-tech as soon as you get on the plane. Got it. I gotta go. The baby-sitters are here. Miss Bristow? I'm agent Rance. This is agent Dalton. Your father sent us. He speaks very highly of you. - May we come in? - Sure We've been briefed. You're wheels-up in 82 minutes. That doesn't give us much time. This has all been rather unexpected. It's my understanding Isabelle is approaching 5 weeks in age? I would imagine you have a healthy amount of separation anxiety towards leaving your daughter. Yeah, I do. Yeah. In addition to our field officer training, agent Dalton and I are both fully trained in infant development, including emergency care. If you agree, we'd like to go through the house, babyproof it from top to bottom, socket protectors, safety latches, gates for the stairs, spread-spectrum R.F. Detectors, perimeter sensors, explosive sniffers, all the usual stuff. Perhaps now would be a good time to introduce me to Isabelle. Sometimes she just likes to cry. It can take her a while to calm down. You just have to be patient. May I? I understand your current assignment is short-term? Yeah, I mean, hopefully she won't even know I've been gone. Oh, no. The mother-child bond is impossible to replicate, even by agent Dalton and myself. She'll definitely know you're gone. But we'll keep Isabelle safe and secure until you return. Thank you, agent Rance. No need to thank me, ma'am. I'll give you some time to say good-bye. It won't always be like this. I promise. I'm just trying to make the world safer so you can grow up and have a regular life. Someone I love is in trouble. I have to go and help him out. It's my job. Mama's gotta go to work. This is Phoenix. I'm in position. Copy that, Phoenix. Anna's supposed to meet Semanko in 53 minutes. Perfect. That should give us plenty of time to I.D. him, wire him for sound. Sidewinder, what's your status? Security's pretty tight down here, Phoenix. Looks like "A" list only. I'm on it. Marshall, I'm on the roof. All right. Let me know when you're ready. Relay's in place. OK. I'm accessing the network now to get the others into the club. Uploading... One... UPLOADING PHOTO Okay, gang. You're on the list. Got a guard up top, Outrigger. - I might need a bit of a distraction. - Copy that. I'll see what I can do. - All clear, Outrigger. - Thank you. - I'm in. - Copy. Alright. Let's find our boy. MILLIMETER WAVE ONLINE Okay, Millimeter Wave is online. Here we go. Marshall, I'm in position. Got it. Sydney? Online. Here we go. All right, guys, Semanko's making a big payment, so... We're looking for someone who's carrying a lot of cash.</i> Okay, Phoenix, I just take a look. This guy looks like he's got a couple hundred dollars worth of rubles on him.</i> Definitely not Semanko. Moving on. We got dollars. We got euros, We've even got a little Turkish Lira thrown in there but doesn't look like anybody's buying more than a couple drinks tonight. Wait, hold on, Oracle. That guy who just passed you has a loaded Makarov under his jacket. Scratch that. We've got three guys with Makarovs. Three guys. And the guy in the center looks like he's got about $100,000 cold around his waist. Think we found comrade Semanko. Sidewinder, do you have a 20 on him? Northeast corner, near the V.I.P. Section. Got it. I'm on my way. Oracle? Keep him busy. Please, watch where you're going. I'm sorry. You have my apologies. Then... a true gentleman would offer to make it up to me. What exactly do you have in mind? Saskia. My apologies. My wife she's... a bit of a whore. Tracker's hot. Copy that. Merlin? He just headed into the V.I.P room.</i> Check support teams. I want 'em ready to move as soon as we know Will's location. Copy that. They're on standby. Ms. Espinosa. A pleasure. - Where's my payment? - It's all here. Count it if you wish. Where is Tippin? Thought I'd make your life easy. You'll find him in room 147. Sidewinder, Oracle, do you copy? Will's in the building. Copy that. Right behind you. Would you two come with us, please. Are you okay? Hope I'm not interrupting anything. How good is your operative? We'll find out soon enough. She hit her. Begin data capture. You okay? Where'd you learn to do that? Oh, I've just been taking some Krav Maga classes, you know. Maybe we'll do this again sometime. Do we need to send backup? No, let them go. We have exactly what we need. Well, so, did they interrogate you? When I came to, there were a bunch of people in the room but they didn't say a word to me. They just sort of left me alone. Next thing I know, you're kicking in the door. She got you good. Oh, it's cosmetic. It'll heal. Listen, you think it's safe to make a call? I should probably let my fiancée know I'm okay. Did you just say "fiancée"? Did I? Oh. I guess I did. Will! Do you remember that painter that I was gonna ask out? - Yeah. - I... I asked her out. And what, you're getting married? Yeah. Well, no, not exactly. I was actually planning on asking her last night before Anna interrupted. But I'm pretty sure she's gonna say yes. Oh, I can't believe this. How can you be marrying a girl I haven't even met yet? Well, you know, I think the government-mandated isolation might have something to do with it. Sydney, we haven't spoken in, like, two years. What about you? What's been going on? For starters, I have a daughter. - What? - Yeah, a baby girl. Her name is Isabelle. Sydney, are you kidding? That's incredible. Who's the father? Vaughn. Vaughn, of course. You guys finally ended up together. I hate lying to him. He's my best friend. I can't even tell him the truth. You should've seen Will's face when I told him Vaughn was dead. Sydney, the only way to ensure Vaughn's safety is to keep his existence a secret. - You did the right thing. - That doesn't make it any easier. Will's abduction only underscores our need for absolute vigilance. We're dealing with a very powerful opponent. You think Prophet Five had something to do with Will's abduction? There's no logical reason anyone would abduct Will Tippin... unless they were trying to get to you. Relax. The operation is moving forward as planned, and may I say that you have performed admirably. The agreement was for Nadia's cure. Yes, once the operation is complete. If I'm to prepare for any unforeseen circumstances, I need to know the full parameter of what you've planned. All you need to do, Arvin, is task your team accordingly when I give you the signal. And what exactly is the signal? Believe me, you'll know. This is Isabelle. Oh, Syd. - Sydney, she's beautiful. - Thank you. Ma'am, would you like us to stay on duty for the night? That won't be necessary. - You can go home. - Thank you. The surveillance equipment's up. Thank you. See you. - You want to hold her? - Really? Okay. Hey! Hey. I'm Will. What am I, like an uncle? - Uncle. - Yeah. I'm uncle Will. Will, we were talking about what happened. We have to assume you were grabbed because someone was trying to hurt me. Yeah? Well, yeah. I didn't think they wanted me for all the Lakers statistics I have in my head. Right? No. It's... just... I'm sorry. None of this would have happened if I wasn't in your life. Syd, stop. Are you kidding me right now? My life is so much better because you're in it. ALERT! IDENTIFY DEVICE IMMEDIATELY Oh, what... Oh. What... - Sir? Hand over the baby. - What? - Agent Rance... - Ma'am, - take the baby from him right now. - Okay, okay. What's going on? - Take it easy. - What's going on? Hey! Sydney, what's going on? I don't know. I don't know. Well, it's a sub dermal device placed just below the skull at the brain stem. I've never seen one this small before. It looks like they patched a radio receiver to a powerful microcharge. So, what? What does that mean? It means that they... they... - put a bomb in your head. - What? I know. I know. But there's good news. It looks like the charge is small enough that the blast will be localized. Wait, wait. - So it might not kill me. - Oh, no. It'll definitely kill you. There just won't be any collateral damage. Marshall... How do we get it out of him? Well, we could perform a surgical procedure, but... I'm worried there's a gyroscopic fail-safe. I mean, there is a very real chance that if we try to remove it, Will's head could explode. Get medical in here. I want a full extraction scenario. What? No! Didn't you just hear what he said about the exploding? Will, calm down. Sydney, how can I calm down? There's a bomb in my head. Look, don't worry about it. We're gonna get it out of you. Just... What is that? It's my phone. It's just my phone. BLOCKED CALLER CALLING Am I supposed to answer this? Hello? Hello, Sydney. Now that I have your attention, I have some demands. Pay attention, Syd. You are going to need to do exactly as you are told.</i> You have access to the government's</i> Rambaldi archives at the D.S.R. I'd like you to bring me a particular page from his manuscript. Which one? Page 47. I'm sure you're familiar with it. There's a train leaving for Madrid from the Coimbra rail station at 2100 tomorrow. Be on it. Come alone. Once I have the manuscript page in my possession,</i> I will give you the deactivation codes for the bomb. - Anna, I swear to you... - Any deviation, Sydney, and I'm afraid I'll have to blow up your friend. Bye now. We have to take her threat seriously. Marcus, how quickly can you get page 47 from the D.S.R.? I can have it within the hour. Do it. Of all the Rambaldi artifacts, why would she want page 47? Who's Rambaldi? Milo Rambaldi was a 15th century visionary with an uncanny ability to predict the future. His designs have prophesied everything from binary code - to nuclear weaponry to... - is that Sydney? Not exactly. There are people that believe that's me. "Mulier hic picturata." "The woman pictured here, the chosen one," "will render the greatest power unto utter desolation." You're "the chosen one"? You people really believe this stuff? We've... seen things that give Rambaldi's words weight. Guys, can we debate this later... after the bomb is out of my head? What's the harm in giving Anna the page? These are prophecies about things I might do. If I don't do them, they're just words. That's right, Sydney, you have a point. Without you, that page is worthless. We're not seriously considering giving into Anna's demands? - Yes, we--yes, we are. - No, we're not. This page will get me close, but there's no guarantee Anna will deactivate you if we give her what she wants. Marshall, can you hack the detonation frequency? Well, I mean, she mentioned deactivation codes. The bomb and the detonator are networked. I mean, maybe I could build a device that would tap into the communication protocol, reverse engineer the codes, but we would need to get the bomb within range of the detonator in order for it to initialize. Get started on it. But... the only thing I understood from that was to get the bomb in range of the detonator? You ever been to Portugal? I'm sorry. It's simply not possible. There has been a terrible mistake. Look at me. I would not know how to purchase a coach ticket if I tried. We demand a first-class cabin at the front of the car. It is away from the commoners. Please, there is nothing I can do. I simply will not allow my wife-- my delicate, porcelain lily... to be ogled by the Portuguese wharfmongers. - Does he speak Portuguese to us? - I believe so. It is a dead language. It hurts my ears. Perhaps our fluent steward speaks euro. Careful. It's fragile. I hope you find this cabin to your liking. Perfectly adequate. Thank you. Will, "delicate porcelain lily"? Leave me alone. I was on a roll. Syd... you know, my girl, she's waiting for me back home, and, uh... so depending on how this all goes down... - if, uh, I was-- - Will, look at me. You're gonna make it through this. I'm not gonna let anything happen to you. - I know that. - Okay. Wait. What did you think I was asking? I... was just being supportive in case you thought... - you might-- - Die? It's not important. What were you asking? I was asking you to be my best man. - Really? - Yeah. Before I realized that you have such little faith in me. You thought I was gonna die? No, I--you want me to be your best man? Well, I did. Now I'm not so sure. How would that work, exactly? Would I have to wear a tux? You don't have to worry about it, 'cause you're not invited. Okay, we're in. There she is. Now I just have to keep Anna busy long enough to scan the codes. Incidentally, I'd be honored. Let's do this. You're early. I've never been good at following the rules. I understand you being so cavalier about your own life, but I'm surprised that you care so little about your friend. All right, Syd... It's working. Tell me, Sydney, what's to keep me from killing Tippin right now? You've always been a professional, Anna. And I have something you want. Not here. Let's find someplace more private. Okay. So far, so good. Okay, you're at 38%. Stay close. Not a very flattering likeness. What I want to know is, why do you want it? We disproved these writings years ago. Doesn't really concern me as long as the check clears. Although I must say I have had a lot of fun on this one. Where is the detonator? I don't have it on me. Wait here. No, she's lying, Syd. We wouldn't be able to run the scanner if she didn't have the detonator on her. I'm not letting you out of my sight. Sydney, you know I don't play by the rules very well either. Wait here. I'm not asking. No, we're only at 65%. You can't let her leave. Sydney! Sydney, my head's beeping! You still having fun, Anna? You'll never beat me. And you still don't understand the game. We're collecting her D.N.A. Now. We have begun the process. You should have genetic samples shortly. I understand. There will be no further delays. Syd! It's okay. I've got you! Anna--we have to get her... I'm right here, Syd. Looks like you have about 30 seconds. Oh, thank god. I'm ready to go home. Sydney Bristow was not to be harmed. How exactly was Bristow harm? You locked her in a train car, and you sprayed her with a chemical agent. I assume your doctors have given her a thorough examination. Let me guess-- they couldn't find anything wrong. I need to know what you did to her. No, you don't. All you need to know, Mr. Sloane, is that you've fulfilled your contract with our organization. Congratulations. We've prepared the compound. Inside you'll find the necessary instructions for administering the cure to your daughter. It's all there... everything you need to bring Nadia back. It's been a pleasure doing business with you. We've loaded the Bristow D.N.A. Template into the sequencer. Genetic fluid is primed and ready. Good. How's our subject? Ready to get this over with. Vitals are good. The provacillium should be taking effect. I've given you something to help with the pain. If our prior experiences with genetic manipulation serve as an indicator, I'm afraid the narcotics won't be of much help. I'm sure I've been through worse. I really don't think you have. They'll give you a panic button. If anything happens, I'll be at your side in 30 seconds. - Okay. That part sounds pretty cool. - Yeah, we'll keep you safe. Syd, don't worry about me. I can't help it. I'm sorry you've had to go through all this, Will. If you apologize one more time, I'm gonna slap you. Hey, it's not your fault. It is, actually. The people I love-- sooner or later, something terrible happens to them. It happens over and over and over. They're kidnapped, they're tortured... or killed...