Sydney, you're looking for Vasili Kabilov. ID tag C-16. What's going on? We just heard from Analysis about the codes you acquired in Uzbekistan. They have nothing to do with troop communications. What are they for? They're the control codes for six portable nuclear warheads that the Uzbeks have admitted and defence intelligence has confirmed went missing six months ago. - Do you know where the nukes are? - Yes, I do. They're in Kashmir, under what used to be a maximum-security prison camp. All right, Ms Derevko. You're gonna lead us into that prison. I handed those codes to SD-6. Your guilt is unfounded. You were doing your job. I'm going, Dad. I am not about to let Irina Derevko near six nuclear weapons supervised only by you. If you're lying about this, none of us will survive. The only reason you know about the nukes is because of me. I want some respect. - We'll miss our window unless you jump. - Shut up. Right now we have six suitcase nukes that are going to be activated tomorrow. - Is that confirmed? - CIA doesn't have any details. - Boot Camp, this is Mountaineer. - Abort. Listen to me. Fighter planes are in the sky. You have to leave now. We've got the cores. Tell them to call off the air strikes. This is Agent Vaughn. Abort the air strikes. Repeat, abort the air strikes. When I found out my mother faked her death 20 years ago, after mourning her for most of my life, she was still alive, I tried to imagine what it would feel like to stand in a room with both of my parents again. It seemed impossible that two people with so much deceit between them could ever find a way to breathe the same air. And all of a sudden there we were, just the three of us, walking down a dirt road in the middle of Kashmir. We were out there working as a team. It was comforting. We were ambushed and we fought back. And we survived. Yeah. My parents and I sort of went through the same thing. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Oh. Vaughn told me Devlin approved you to do research if you pass the Milgram-Reich allegiance test. This is your SOP and where to meet for the pick-up. Remember to drop... Drop it in water, dissolve it. Yeah. - Hey. - What's up? Where you been? OK, listen. Every time I walk in the room lately, you guys hush up as if I'm interrupting something. I mean, am I? What? No. Francie, seriously, we were just talking. Why don't you have a seat? I can't. I gotta... I forgot my keys. I gotta go open the restaurant. I'll see you. OK. Kendall's allowed me 15 minutes here twice a week. You put in the request, didn't you, to give me time out here? Yeah. We appreciated your help in Kashmir. I need you to understand, I was 18 when the KGB recruited me. For a woman to be asked to serve her country, it was a future, it meant empowerment, independence. I was a fool to think that any ideology could come before my daughter. Sydney? Stand down. Let me see your hands. Keep 'em up. What is this? We have an arrangement. Yes. One you failed to live up to. Our operation in Kashmir was a waste of SD-6 resources. We acquired nothing. So my question is: have you betrayed me or are you simply incompetent? This interrogation technique was developed by the Khmer Rouge to minimise bruising on political prisoners when they were allowing them to be photographed. You see, if I pull this just a little harder, the glass will break. And I do not wanna do that. So tell me, do you think that we were unlucky on our first venture together? Or do you have another plan that you wanna tell me about? I didn't betray you. We agreed to combine our efforts. I swear to you, that's still my intent. Then tell me, what went wrong in Kashmir? The Indian Western Command carried out an air strike on the PRF prison. The Rambaldi artefact was destroyed. My contact in the region, Gerard Cuvee, mistakenly believes I tipped the Indian authorities off. With all due respect, sir, could the leak have come from this office? So Sloane has no idea you sabotaged the operation in Kashmir? If he did, we wouldn't be having this conversation. Since Sark failed to deliver on his promise with Sloane, their partnership may not last for long. Unfortunately it isn't over yet. Sloane is sending me to Paris with Sark tonight. Why? The Echelon satellite system. Phone calls, emails, faxes from around the world are filtered through a program capable of flagging key words on an NSA watch list. Echelon has been immeasurably successful in indicating threats to our national security. Mr Sark has provided us with new intelligence indicating that an enemy of this country may have acquired the ability to access this terminal. Gerard Cuvee: former leader of the People's Revolutionary Front, a crime syndicate, whose headquarters were raided by Indian authority last week. Mr Sark. My dealings with Mr Cuvee go back several years. He once showed me an Echelon access terminal he stole from the NSA that he keeps at a front company in Paris. Recent attention by local authorities have led Cuvee to believe that I betrayed him. Therefore, he's sure to move the terminal to an undisclosed location. Surveillance team intercepted an operations log indicating that an armoured transport has been scheduled for a pick-up tomorrow afternoon. We believe that's when they'll be moving the terminal. Sydney, you and Sark will intercept the convoy en route and bring the terminal back here safely. If Sloane gets ahold of that terminal, well, the Alliance will be able to eavesdrop on corporations, law enforcement, political campaigns. The potential for blackmail and insider trading would be unlimited. What's my countermission? I'll have Technical Services provide you with a secure deletion program. You'll upload it on to the Echelon terminal. When SD-6 turns it on, it'll wipe the hard drive clean. Sloane will think Cuvee installed a fail-safe to prevent unauthorised access. I'll do it on the return flight. Sark and I are travelling separately to make sure no-one can connect him to SD-6. Oh, by the way, I'm meeting with Will tomorrow to help him prep for his psych evaluation. Thank you. - And I like it. - What? - Your new suit. - Oh. It's not new. I just don't wear it that often. I came from a funeral. Alice's father died. I'm sorry. - How's she doing? - OK. Not really, but she'll be fine. Let me know if you need anything. Miss Bristow. Hi. Uh, I know you have a plane to catch, but you mind doing a favour for me? - Sure. - OK. Will you take some snapshots around Paris with that for me? You know how we have to maintain our cover for our loved ones. Well, my mom thinks I run global IT services for the bank. So I like to composite myself into photographs for her. Oh, I actually have an example right here. There's me and the Sphinx. Of course, I've never left Southern California, but every once in a while I like to show my mom all the places I've never really been to. - Would you mind? - Not at all. OK. Have a safe trip. I don't like to fly, personally. But, uh... That's why I'm here and you're... I got some stuff to do. Convoy's on the move. ETA five minutes. - I'm right behind the truck. - Copy that. I'm in position. You know, it's a pity we're travelling separately. We could have used the opportunity to get to know each other better. Yeah, I'm broken up about that too. You're surprisingly adept at keeping your curiosity in check. Don't flatter yourself. I'm referring to the fact that your mother and I worked together before I arrived here. Before she went into hiding. I learned a lot from her. In some ways I think of her as a mother myself. Listen to me. You and I have nothing in common. We're not friends. We're not gonna become friends. And you certainly won't bait me with stories about a woman I never knew. I don't get any consideration at all for the fact that I didn't tell Sloane that you conspired to kill him? We've covered this. You can't expose me without exposing yourself. Now, I'm almost into the city's traffic control network. Get your head into the game. How are your wounds healing? You obviously had the chance to betray us in Kashmir, but you didn't. I don't imagine that means you decided to trust me. Our previous dealings would indicate that your strategy here may be long-term, so for now I trust that your behaviour's predictable. By "previous dealings" you mean our marriage? You know, technically, we may still be husband and wife. I'm sorry. Sydney's on assignment with Sark. It's my belief that he's still working for you, that you've coordinated your efforts to infiltrate both SD-6 and the CIA. Whatever you have in mind, I promise you it won't work. So I'm going to offer you a deal. I'll see to it that you're relocated to a private residence on Puget Sound. Under 24-hour surveillance, of course, but the illusion of freedom is better than none at all. - In exchange? - In exchange you'll confess. Tell us what you're really doing here. Why you've turned yourself in. I'll give you time to consider my offer. I see you. I'm turning the intersection red. It is two-for-one day here at Marshall's Tech Emporium. Not only is this magnetic shape charge capable of penetrating two metres of armoured steel, but, act now, it will also come equipped with a secondary tear gas munition, which will disable the guards inside the truck. Operators standing by. Hello. - I'm moving in to disable the escort car. - Copy that. - It's empty. The terminal's not there. - The truck's a decoy. Get in the car. - I got your message. - Yes, Jack. Come in. I want you to meet someone. Jack Bristow, this is Ariana Kane. Ms Kane is the head of Alliance Counterintelligence. She's the one who plugged the leak last year at SD-9. Impressive work, particularly considering the guilty party attempted to frame you as the mole. Men always call women crazy when they're caught with their pants down. Ms Kane is here to investigate the events leading up to Emily's disappearance and the subsequent attempts to blackmail me. - How much have you shared with him? - He knows everything I know. I'm aware of your reputation as a first-class strategist, Agent Bristow. Tell me, where would you begin this investigation? With me. Over the years, Arvin's trusted me with everything I'd need to know to be the perpetrator. And if his standing within the Alliance were undermined, I'd be a candidate to inherit his seat. - Motive. - Well, that's a hell of an answer. In addition to being true, it's the only thing you can say to diminish your viability as a suspect. Not really. Your obvious awareness of game theory would invalidate my approach. Therefore, the best course of action for me to take, as a suspect, is to simply tell the truth. Well, as soon as you've officially eliminated the possibility of Agent Bristow as a suspect, I'm sure he'll be quite happy to assist you in your investigation. Of course. If you'll excuse me. - A pleasure. - All mine. You ever have the dream where you're back at school and they won't let you graduate because you've failed a test? I had that last night. Well, we don't screen for general knowledge. It's strictly a psych profile. So I can't fail, but I can find out I'm a sociopath. Yeah. Listen, some of the questions on the test may seem a little shocking. - Shocking how? - Well, like, things you might punch someone out in a bar for asking. I don't wanna get ahead of myself here, but, um, if things go my way, what's next? Well, you're cleared to read classified documents and you get a government salary. - Which isn't much. - Compared to what I make now, it's much. Oh, and just be honest. Cos if you're caught in a lie, you're automatically disqualified. And since we don't know how often SD-6 keeps tabs on you, it's too risky to take the test at a federal building. So we've arranged for you to go to one of our operational fronts. Now, when you get there, the officer will lead you in the back room where you'll take the test. He'll tell you the shipping manifest was lost in transit and that he needs your help to ID the parcel. He'll take you in a back room, and that's where you'll take the test. Now, there's no time limit but it shouldn't take you more than an hour. I can't believe some of the questions they asked. It was, like, "If forced to choose, who would your rather kill - a) your mother, b) your father, c) yourself?" And "None of the above" wasn't even an option. I mean, what the hell does that measure? How you see yourself in relation to authority. Basically, whether or not you'd be willing to sacrifice your life for your country. You know, that actually makes sense. By the way, I got Francie season tickets to the Hollywood Bowl for her birthday from both of us. Oh, great. Thank you. You know, she was right about what she said. We used to tell each other everything. Now I can't tell her anything. I know. I hate it too. But after Danny and what happened to you, I've accepted the fact that it's a gesture of love to deceive the people I care about. - Mm. - What? Hey, what are you doing here? Rita, right? - Alice. Hi. - Hi. - Hey, Rita. - Hey. - This is Will. - Hey. - Hey. Michael. Nice to meet you. - Michael. Nice to meet you. - Hi. Alice. - Hi. Michael and I work together at the State Department. Oh, great. - I was so sorry to hear about your dad. - Oh, thank you. Michael's been amazing. He's an amazing guy. Oh, Rita, we're gonna be late. - We gotta go and meet friends. I'm sorry. - It's no problem. - It was nice running into you guys. - You too. - Bye. - See you. The Echelon access terminal that you retrieved in Paris was rigged with a boot sector fail-safe. When we turned it on, the hard drive was erased. The good news is that Mr Cuvee is no longer in possession of the terminal. The bad news is that he may still have a way to access Echelon. One of Cuvee's men placed a call to a data storage facility in London. This facility caters to high-end corporate clients. It's likely Cuvee duplicated the Echelon software and had them stored in a secure server there. If he did, he could use them to reverse-engineer a new terminal there. Sydney, you'll acquire the files and delete them from Cuvee's backup server. Mr Sark has provided Marshall with tech specs on the data storage facility. Actually, um... Yeah, actually, about that. The facility's wired with electronic countermeasures and the computer's secured via military-grade encryption, so any decryption device or radio contact would be detected. So the only way the terminal can be accessed is by someone who knows how to crack polymorphic algorithms. My math skills may be above average, but I can't do advanced calculus in my head. That's why you're going in with Marshall. Marshall who? Wait a minute. What? You're the only one qualified to hack the server without the aid of an electronic device. But I can't go because I'm not field-rated. You will be by the time you leave. Sark will help you review the operational parameters, and I'm sure Sydney will take very good care of you. We got your debrief. If Marshall succeeds in copying those system files, Sloane will be able to reboot the Echelon terminal. Marshall has a photographic memory. Once the files flash across the screen, he'll remember them. - Yes. We know that. - I can't just give SD-6 a fake Marshall. - No, but we can pull him out of SD-6. - What? Devlin made it clear that we cannot, under any circumstances, allow SD-6 to access Echelon. And sabotaging the mission is too risky after Kashmir. Sloane could start to suspect something. We've considered every option, Syd. There's no other way to do this. When you and Marshall return from London, we'll take him into protective custody. He'll be transported to Langley for an extensive debrief. As ridiculous as this sounds, SD-6 is his whole life. It's never easy finding out everything you believe in is a lie. We'll do whatever we can to make it easier for him, I promise. And when he adjusts, he'll have the option to come work for us. What about his mother? Will they be able to make contact? That'll be up to Marshall, but we can bring her into protective custody too. What's my cover story with Sloane? As far as you'll know, the mission went without a hitch and you separated at the airport. We'll intercept Marshall on his way home. - I should pack. - Listen. About the bar... Did you see the security camera? Yeah. We sent an agent to pull the tape so we couldn't be tied together. Good. - Alice seems really nice. - She said the same thing about you. - How long have you known Arvin Sloane? - For 30 years. When we met he was my superior at the CIA. Yes. And once he left the CIA he invited you to work with him at SD-6? Yes. We were both disillusioned with the US Government. We'd both come to see it as corrupt. And we believed then, as we do now, that the Alliance would ultimately succeed in achieving global dominance. If you and Sloane have been so close all these years, why do you imagine he recruited your daughter into SD-6 without telling you? Because he knew I would have been opposed to it. Trust doesn't come easily to Arvin Sloane. So while at the time I may not have approved, I now accept that he recruited Sydney to ensure that he'd never have to take my loyalty on faith. You're asking me to believe that Sloane took your daughter hostage to ensure your friendship? In our line of work we can't just cry foul when things don't go our way. With whom have you had intimate contact over the past ten years, Agent Bristow? I'm curious to know where you're going with this. More secrets have been revealed through pillow talk than through torture. If there's a prostitute or a stewardess out there you think may have heard you talking in your sleep, I need to know about it. There is one way for you to verify if my nocturnal activities are a security risk, Ms Kane, but somehow I think we'd both prefer the torture. What happened to that gentleman I met in Sloane's office this morning? He got tired of your baseless accusations. Good. I don't trust anyone who doesn't have the sense to when know he's being insulted. Are we through? Yes. For now. APU, set. Aft cargo heat, set. Hydraulic pumps, set. Marshall, what are you doing? Oh, I patched in to in-flight phone network and logged on to the on-board computer. Just wanna make sure the pilots don't miss anything in the preflight check list. What was that? Flaps extending. Totally routine. Totally routine. Is this really your first time on a plane? Yeah. I couldn't sleep last night so I memorised the FAA 747 flight ops manual. Whoa. What the heck? Sorry. Sorry. Just a little nervous. Marshall, you're sweating. Maybe you should take your jacket off. No. No way. No way. I compressed a high glide tactical parachute in the lining of my jacket just in case. Don't worry, though, my belt hyperextends into a tandem sling. Just loop it around your waist, it'll hold us both. Thanks. You don't have to thank me. It's my job to keep you safe. What was that? That's not a plane sound. That could be bad. Marshall. Oh, a little kid playing a dee-dee, dee-dee. Is he... Is that all right? Is he allowed to... on board play the... You're not supposed to... Can I get a ginger ale? I don't think I've ever seen you look quite so handsome, my darling. And you look lovely, my dear. - Shall we? - We shall. Oh, this is so cool. Hey. How's it going? Good to see you. Hey. How's it going? How you doing? Nice to see you. The key to doing this right - be inconspicuous. Right. Sorry. I'm just... - Hey. - You don't need to say hello to everybody. Box seats have been reserved for you at Royal Hall behind this man. Thatcher Powell, Cuvee's head of IT security, and the only man with access to his secure server. Powell attends the London Philharmonic every third Saturday of the month, and takes in the performance with a bottle of Cristal. Um... You know, Bach is my favourite composer. - Are you speaking to me? - Yes. I bet you didn't know that the last piece of music that Bach ever composed, he encoded his name into the musical notes. He certainly was the most ingenious composer of the Baroque movement. I always say if it ain't Baroque, don't fix it. Pardon my husband. He does tend to prattle on. Sorry. Once Powell ingests the Scopolamine, it'll take effect in roughly five minutes. The idea is to make Powell believe he merely fell asleep, so the dose will be mild. That means, once you steal the access card, get across town to the server facility, download the Echelon software and return the key to his pocket before intermission. There will be a car waiting for you out front. Oh, thank goodness you're still open. I'm Marie Robinson. - This is my associate, Frederick Fields. - Hello. We work for Jennings Aerospace. The New York office just paged me at the symphony. Our CFO's laptop was stolen. We need access to our backup server right away. May I have your corporate PIN number, please? 86119. - You're on server 13. Second floor. - Thank you. - We won't be more than ten minutes. - Cheerio. SD-6 has opened an account at the data storage facility under the name Jennings Aerospace. Your client status will get you past the desk guard, and the security staff will be reduced for the night shift. Since Cuvee is justifiably paranoid, he's leased out the entire third floor as his own. You'll need to break into the third floor to access the server. Syd, you were amazing. You were acting, spying... - You ready to do your magic? - Yeah, me? I'm ready for anything. How did you get up here? This area's restricted. Sir, you're gonna have to come with us. Syd, I've been shot. Oh, my God. Syd, I've been shot. I'm shot. Oh, my God. - Marshall. - Oh, my God. Wait. It's just a trank dart. It's OK. I pulled it out before you got a full dose. Thank God for the British and their anti-gun laws, right? Are you OK? - I'm OK. I'm OK. - What were you saying to those guards? I think I said "I can smell you from here." In Ewok. Ewok? Official language of the indigenous creatures on the planet Endor. I think I peed myself a little. I mean, not a lot, just, like, a little squirt. Marshall. Stay with me. Stay with me. - I'm OK. - You OK? You sure? Yeah, I'm OK. I'm just a little... Let's walk. I can walk. OK. OK. Hang on. Hang on there. Hang on. - Twenty.... - OK. - Three. - OK, stay awake. Stay awake. Stay awake. Come on. Come on. Stay awake. Stay awake. Stay awake. Stay awake. Marshall, focus. I love you. The Echelon software is on this computer. You have to access it. I'll do the rest. - OK, OK, OK. I got it. - Go. I got it. So... - Marshall. - Hm? Mama. Accounting for the relevant state during key generation and the crypto compiler combined with the pseudo random number generator will give you a password. Marshall, you're a genius. Thank you so much. Goodness, I must have dozed off. Well, you certainly weren't the only one. And you know the light is fading all too soon - So this car will take you home. - Thanks. Hey, you think the driver will take the scenic route home? I've got this unbelievable film strip running in my head, and the thing I still can't believe is that we're the stars. I just wanna watch it a couple more times before I go back to my room. - Sure. - Hey. At least I got some real pictures of London to show to the folks back home now. Is how it falls, how it falls, how it falls And there's nothing wrong but there is something more Marshall. - See you soon, OK? - OK. Hey, you know the best part? I've never been prouder to be one of the good guys. Is how it falls, how it falls, how it falls Yeah, Mom, I'll be home in a little while. I'm just getting back from my big business trip in London. Mom, of course they fed me on the plane. I don't know. It was some sort of chicken or squid. Wait, hold on a second. Um, actually, could you make a left right there? There's a nightclub I wanna drop by. What's going on? Surprise. This is why you shut up when I walked in the room. Happy birthday. - I love you so. - Happy birthday, sweetie. Oh, my God. Jack Bristow's not the man responsible for blackmailing me. His answers are too perfect. Hm? I mean, he even gets angry when it makes strategic sense. If if he had nothing to do with it, I would expect his answers to be perfect. Now, Ariana, unless you have evidence... Contrary to what you tell your subordinates, we are not the US Government. I don't need probable cause to go after Bristow. All I need is a hunch. Well, your hunches notwithstanding, you're talking about a man with whom I've been partner for 30 years. You have a blind spot when it comes to him. Look, he's not the first suspect I interviewed. I talked to all the other heads of the SD cells, people who might have taken issue with your promotion to the Alliance. You know what I found? They're all afraid of you. Except for Jack Bristow. Who, I promise you, is hiding something. Have you thought about my offer? I have nothing to confess, Jack. I know you find it hard to believe I'd turn myself in to make up for my mistakes. But that's the reason. The only reason I'm here. If that's the truth, why didn't you simply refuse the offer? I was considering whether or not to fabricate a confession just to get out of this cell. You were right. Although our marital contract was founded on fraudulent pretences, it's still valid until it's annulled. Which means, technically, we are still married. Jack. Thus far I've agreed to be debriefed only by Sydney. From now on, I'm willing to talk to you too. Vaughn here. What do you mean, we didn't pick up Marshall at the intercept point? Who did? Oh, my God. Please don't hurt me, mister.