Katya. - What about him? - Kill him. No one wants Lauren in custody more than I do. That's not the kind of closure I'm referring to. This is the key to my storage facility. In it you'll find disposal facilities capable of dealing with her remains. According to Sloane, Nadia will be injected with a fluid that will enable her to deliver a message. Sloane believes that his daughter will serve as a direct conduit to the consciousness of Milo Rambaldi. - Get away from her. - Sydney, please. Now. Sloane, we gotta go. Now. Go. You're safe. I promise you he'll never hurt you again. She drew an equation, coordinates that would lead to a place. What place? What are we supposed to find there? Rambaldi. Good evening, Miss Bristow. Hey, Syd. Where do we stand with Rambaldi's equation? - How close are you to solving it? - Uh, I only recovered about 92 percent. I've designed a program to extrapolate the rest, but these permutations are, like, vast. It seems to be written in some sort of pre-Galilean algebra, which, you know, kinda makes you think these guys were, you know... you know, back in the... - Should be about eight hours. - Let me know the moment it's done. Absolutely. Actually, sir, do you mind if I ask, what exactly are we looking for? Our only intel came from the interrogation of Dr Lee in Havana. Crazy as it sounds, he says we're looking for Rambaldi. Rambaldi. As in Mr R... from the... You know, I don't even wanna know. I don't even wanna... I got too much on my... With the baby. Well, he's, like, a toddler. - And Carrie's constantly... even when I'm... - I understand. I'm gonna... I'm in. Patching into the feed now. I must say, your disguise, it addresses a certain proclivity of mine. If this works, I'll happily make your sick little fantasy come true. Uploading Rambaldi's equation now. Oh. Hey, Syd. Uh, listen, have you seen a USB key with a <i>Speed Racer</i> logo on it? It just happens to have every single picture we've ever taken of Mitchell on it. Well, I brought it in here to make duplicates, and, of course, genius that I am, I forgot to make a backup copy. I'll tell you something, Carrie's gonna kill me if I don't find it. Ah, found it. It was in the... when I was doing the keyboard earlier. It's a good thing I found it, cos Carrie'd probably divorce me if I... Thing is, I'd probably divorce myself in the process, you know. Is that a new perfume you're wearing, cos it's nice. I like it. Why are you downloading the equation? I have it. Corrupting the database now. - Activate countermeasures now. - Head down, love. Sydney. Call 911, Mr Vaughn. We have a level-five... The evacuation protocol is overriding the lockdown. Marshall. We need a medic. Call St John's. Tell them we have incoming. God. Marshall? They hacked into an off-site relay in a parking structure on the northeast corner of 6th. This is Jack Bristow. We have a location on one of the intruders. Keep moving. You have a clear path for the exit. Syd, wait. You all right? The name's Hank Foster, Counterterrorist Threat Analysis. What am I doing here, Mr Foster? At 7.22 this evening, you were logged in at the safe house where Nadia Santos is being held. Is that accurate? It was around dinner. I brought her a sandwich. - Where were you before that? - Buying her the sandwich. What is this? At 6.12 tonight, the rotunda was compromised. What? How is that...? You tell me. Oh, my God. Is he OK? Was any... Was anyone killed? It would do you good if you had an alibi. I used the key you gave me. I took the suitcase. I'm prepared to use it. When the agency concludes, as they will, that Lauren was responsible, the pressure to capture her will rise exponentially. The disposal project we discussed must be anonymous. Once her status changes, that will be more difficult. Sark isn't talking. He hasn't requested counsel, not even so much as a glass of water. May I suggest you have Vaughn talk with him? Given their personal history, I'm not sure that's advisable. Sark undoubtedly will be more afraid to face a man he so recently tortured. Given his pattern for caving out of fear, I believe Vaughn's presence will more likely yield the results we're looking for. As the director, I can't sanction the beating of someone in our custody. Understood. I'll apprise you of any intel that comes from his interrogation. Last time we were together, our roles were reversed. - Funny how things happen. - I'm afraid the irony is lost on me. You like the electric batons and the injections. I'm not into accessories. I'm more than willing to cooperate, Mr Vaughn. I will tell you everything you want, but I will need something in return. - No deals. - Well, then, it seems we're at an impasse. I assure you, it won't take Lauren long to solve Rambaldi's equation. Well, better get started, then. Where is Lauren Reed? I understand your suspicion. But we both know that whatever was taken, I probably had access to it, and if Marshall had it, I could have just asked him. It was a Covenant raid. They got the Rambaldi equation. We apprehended Julian Sark. - I think I broke it. - Clearly. You ready to talk? Yes. When I first learned of your wife's true allegiance, I almost felt pity for you. How embarrassing it must have been to learn that the woman you shared your bed with was only using you as an unfortunate means to an end. I wouldn't do this if I were you. But, then, she wasn't sharing your bed lately, was she? She was in mine. Or in my car. Or an elevator. Or a garage. There was this one time, this is my favourite, when we were engaged in an alley, and she called you to tell you she loved you. That woman was deliciously filthy. Do you feel that? It feels like a knife slicing through you, doesn't it? Now, where is she? Lauren was working for the Covenant the entire time she was NSC liaison. Her codes have been revoked but she would still know our security protocols. This is the person you're looking for. Let's talk about your sister. The equation, the part taken from the rotunda, was implanted in your sister's subconscious? Not literally. It's more of a genetic inheritance. - An inheritance from Rambaldi? - My sister is innocent. Rambaldi refers to you as the Chosen One, he implants in your sister's head the whereabouts of his greatest invention, and you expect me to believe that neither one of you is involved in this? I don't care what you believe. This is a waste of time. Last week Ms Santos was in the custody of the Covenant. As a prisoner they nearly killed. If Lauren Reed broke in using your identity, she would need to be sure you were out of the office. Did your sister call you to come see her? If you wanna arrest me, hold me under the Patriot Act. We're through talking. The DCI will have my preliminary findings on his desk in 48 hours. Until that time, you will be reassigned as a desk officer. You may go. I'm not gonna kill you. That would be too easy. But I'll leave you so disfigured that when you walk down the street, people will pity you. Lauren is gonna pay for the damage she's done to the people I care about, not for having had an affair with you. I don't give a rat's ass who she's sleeping with. So, for the last time, where is she? - How is Marshall? - He's still in the OR. 18 agents taken to St John's. 12 treated and released. Four being held overnight for observation. And Brandon's not gonna make it out of the ICU. It just makes me sick. Where's Vaughn? I haven't seen him since he finished interrogating Sark, but, uh, word is he worked him over pretty good. Didn't get any information out of him, but it had to feel pretty good trying. I'm sure he'll be back soon. Probably needed to walk it off. Eric said you took off. Need some company? No, I'm good. - Where are you? - It doesn't matter. What does that mean? Vaughn, what's going on? Sark talked, didn't he? And you know where Lauren is. I'm taking care of it. I don't know what you're thinking, but you cannot do this, Michael. If you kill her, you will be arrested and charged with her murder. And if you're not, if you get away with it, it'll haunt you, Michael. God, after everything we've been through, I'll lose you all over again. I have to go. Are you sure the computation is exact? It's all good. Someone went through a lot of hoo-ha to encrypt a longitude and a latitude. What the hell is in Palermo? You're paid to be discreet, not curious. It's OK, beautiful. This will keep my mouth shut. So will this. Hi, honey. I need the tape from the Sark interrogation. - Actually, that's been classified. - By who? Jack Bristow. - I want that tape. - No, you don't. Not if you want what's best for Vaughn. You know what he's gonna do if we don't stop him. Yes, he'll get closure. You want him to kill Lauren. If he doesn't, it will eat at him like a cancer. The only cure is to end it now. - She destroyed Vaughn's life. - Vaughn's life, not yours. This is about what Lauren did to Vaughn, not what Mom did to you. I don't know what you've told him or how much of all this you've orchestrated, but in some twisted way you've got Vaughn carrying your burden, trying to get you closure, by doing the one thing you never had the chance to do: kill the person who betrayed you. I did have the chance, and I didn't take it. And not a day went by that I didn't regret letting her go. Vaughn will feel the same way. He will end up like me. And I love you too much to let that happen. Michael. Please, I need you to understand. When the Covenant tasked me to marry you, I knew eventually they wanted me to coax you back into the CIA. But two years went by and I hadn't heard from them. And by then I'd convinced myself I never would. I prayed I wouldn't. Because I'd fallen in love with you. Shut up. I am gonna erase you. I'm gonna remove any evidence you ever existed. You used me. You used my grief, my work, who I am. You took that from me. I'm taking it back. This is hydrochloric acid. You'll be unrecognizable. Michael, I swear I was gonna tell you everything. You remember that night we went downtown and had dinner? - Instead you told me Sydney was back. - Don't say her name. She came back and you didn't need me any more. I could see it in your eyes. Sydney came back and... - I said don't say her name. - Sydney came back and I lost you. I hate you. But I love Sydney more. That's the only reason you're not dying tonight. Thank God. Quiet. Listen to me. This device I'm wearing on my wrist is masking my heat signature. I have three minutes before the thermal imagers detect a malfunction. I trust that you will allow me that time before you alert the guards. What are you doing here? You received your last dose of the Rambaldi fluid. I saw you begin to draw, which means you know where the Rambaldi artefact is. Now, I gather you never told the CIA. That is wise, Nadia. They cannot be trusted. You expect me to trust you after what you put me through? It was all in an effort to pave the way for us. Rambaldi wrote about this vessel in which he was able to house his consciousness, his essence, his soul. He referred to it as the Sphere of Life. Now you and I can claim it together. Your beliefs are your own. I understand your scepticism, but tell me this. When you were under the influence of the Rambaldi fluid, what you saw, was it not transcendent? Was it not divine? Yes, it was. I can see it in your eyes. You have 20 seconds before the guards detect you. You should go, now. I'm leaving you instructions on how to find me. I pray you use it. - Vaughn. - What have we got? - 35-year-old, stab wound to the back. - Vaughn. The respiration's at 18 and tachycardia at 125. You are gonna be OK. Vaughn. I heard. Is he still in surgery? You were right. Lauren has to pay. Vaughn is gonna be OK. And when he is, he has to end it, not you. If it's OK for Vaughn, it's OK for me. I need your help. Expedited credentials, transportation... My advice was specific to her betrayal of him. - Lauren betrayed all of us. - Not in the same way. She was his wife. I don't care about any of that now. I want her to die. And that's gonna happen whether you help me or not. When I went to meet your contact, Vaughn was there. He was your contact. You set the meeting. Did you give me up? It's OK. I would have told them, too. Let me see what they've done to you. My mother's hired a lawyer. He'll be here soon. The only way we can get the location is if I tell him how to access your contact's information. He backs up everything on an off-site server. - Tell me you know the pass phrase. - I do. It's a quote by Friedrich Nietzsche. - "God is dead." - No, the other one. "Woman was God's second mistake." Thank you. Voice modulator courtesy of CIA Technical Services. This little trick of yours means Vaughn failed. Tell me, is he dead? No, he's not. But, thanks to you, Lauren won't be so lucky. - The equation leads to Palermo. - False ID, passport, driver's license. Plane from Orci Aerospace is standing by with instructions to take you wherever you wanna go. If this is the location of the Rambaldi artefact, there will be a strong Covenant presence. I'll be careful. Let me go instead. I can't. I'll cover for you with Foster. What is it? Nothing. We'll talk when you get back. How you doing? - Where's Sydney? - Take it easy, take it easy. Easy. Sit back. Tell me where she is. - She went after Lauren. - Oh, no. I have to get her. No, no, no, no, no. Mike, you got a punctured lung. You even breathe wrong, that thing could collapse again. - I have to warn her. - No chance. There's a guard outside the door. Foster's got the building locked down. He revoked your clearance pending an investigation of your rogue op. - You're not going anywhere. - I have to get to Syd. - She's walking into a trap. - What? What are you talking about? Lauren didn't stab me. Katya Derevko did. Vaughn's flatlining. I need help in here now. Pull the covers so I can clear him. Let's go. - Freeze. - You freeze. - Get down. - Hope you know what you're doing here. Put down your weapon. Put it in the trash can. Put it down, guys. Put it down. Now get in the elevator. - Get in. - What? Get in. We're trapped in the elevator. Locking the building down. On our way up. Vaughn's going out the front. All units to the main entrance now. He's going out the front entrance. Let's go. Go. Go. Move. - Katya. - Sydney. I could have killed you. I thought you were a Covenant guard. - What are you doing here? - I'm infiltrating the camp, the same as you. My informant told me the Covenant had been transporting excavation equipment. I thought they might have a lead on the Rambaldi artefact. Have you seen Lauren? Is she here? She was. She drove away an hour ago. Then we'll wait till she gets back before we make our move. Covenant agents have been patrolling up here. We'd better take cover. - Are you alone? - Yes. How did you know? I didn't. And now I do. We have already hit subsoil, hard clay. If the artefact is any deeper, we will need ground-penetrating radar to narrow the search grid. Then do it. If the artefact is here, I want it found. Hey, Nadia. We're ordering Chinese. Game? Nadia? Nadia. Nadia. Coming in. The Covenant solved the equation. The Rambaldi sphere may already be compromised. When I was drawing, there were moments, as the fluid wore off, I altered the equation. I didn't want to give you what you were looking for. Which means the Covenant has the wrong coordinates. They're looking for the sphere in the wrong place. We should go. We have a long journey ahead of us. Come. Guess who. If you kill me, you'll never know the truth. This is the truth. Sucks, doesn't it? Do you think the CIA couldn't find you when you went missing? Or that you learned what happened to you by chance? And if your mother's really been helping you since she left, why haven't you ever spoken to her? You're trying to buy time. You can't believe that you and your sister just happen to both be agents. This isn't gonna work. There's a bank in Wittenberg, a numbered vault. Proof. We're both pawns in the same game. The difference between us is I know who controls me. - Who controls me? - I guess you'll never know. Stop. - Let her go. - Put the gun down. - Do it now. - Put the gun down. If you love her, you'll put the gun down. You really are a boy scout. Vaughn. What are you doing? How did you get here? I came for you. One, zero, six, two. What was that? I don't know. It doesn't matter. If you have further questions about your account, please feel free to come to my office when you're finished. Thank you.