I'm not that into celebrating, that's all. - That's all? It's -- - What's going on? Your sister doesn't want to celebrate her own birthday. When? In two days -- you don't know about this either? Get out! I don't even know if it is my birthday. In the orphanage, they just felt bad because I was the only kid who didn't know when I was born. So the sisters just picked a date. Yeah, day after tomorrow. We could go bowling and rent some lanes. We've been through bowling. Go-carts, though, could be really good. Bar hopping. Bar hopping, or a ragin' house party. Whoo! What's up? Thank you, but I don't want to do anything. - Come on. - Hey, guys. Are you guys planning a party? There's no party. 'Cause I'm a really good DJ, if you need, uh... Anyway, speaking of parties, Sloane's having one in the briefing room now. As most of you know, when the Alliance was dismantled four years ago, the CIA came into possession of a multitude of artifacts, files, and intels. Among the items retrieved was the Blackwell index. Blackwell? What is this, a worst-dressed list? Damien Blackwell, head of the Gouse Crime Syndicate. He's believed to have compiled incriminating information on corporate heads, government officials, common criminals -- essentially a master blackmail list encoded into a mobile terminal. The Alliance was never able to read the index during the six months it was in their possession. It was inciphered using 4,096-bit encryption. Wow. I mean, even with current technology, that would take like 20 years to decipher, and that's with a supercomputer working on it 24/7. Needless to say, the CIA was unsuccessful in its decryption efforts. Why is this an issue now? Last night the index was stolen from the CIA research station in Sarajevo. Left three of our analysts dead. No leads on who stole it? No, it was a clean job. In and out within two minutes. Why steal something you can't read? The decoder disk has been located. Two weeks ago, Damien Blackwell's concealed base of operation was identified and raided by french authorities. They seized most of his possessions as evidence, including a mini disk. We believe this to be the decoder. Our only logical recourse is to go after the decoder. Without it, the index is useless. Do the french know what they have? No. Of course we would rather obtain it through legal channels. Unfortunately, that doesn't seem to be an option right now. Wait a minute. You want us to steal the decoder from french police? Right now it's being housed in the Paris prefecture. Sydney, figure out a way to get yourself arrested. - Hey. - Hey. We got out of the briefing early. Did Sloane approve your trip? Mm-hmm. Any word on your uncle? Yeah, I spoke to my mom this morning. Apparently this last stroke hit him pretty hard. He hasn't regained consciousness. - That's awful. - Yeah. Are you gonna be okay? Yeah. I'm fine. It's just that, you know, when my dad died, my uncle made all these promises about being there for me and my mother, and he wasn't -- ever. I'm not sure how I feel about seeing him again, you know. I wish I could go with you. I know. I'll call you when I land. - Okay. - Okay. Sydney. We need to talk. Okay, it's safe to talk here. Okay. I've been cross-checking Sloane's facts, vetting the intel he's given us. Director chase encouraged us to watch Sloane. That's what I've been doing. I'm not going to make the same mistake I did at SD-6, blindly following that man's orders. What has he done now? Sloane just said he had no leads on who stole the index out of that research station in Sarajevo. Yeah? Look familiar? Miles Devereaux, former Alliance member. Head of operations, SD-3. Sloane contacted him. 40 minutes after the Blackwell index was stolen. Before  Langley had even discovered the theft. How do you know? I've got a tap on Sloane's home line. Dixon -- The call was encrypted, but I traced it to a hotel in Sarajevo. I hacked into the hotel's CCTV feed. That's where I found this. You think Sloane is working with Devereaux? I think Sloane tasked us to steal the decoder for one reason -- so he and Devereaux could crack the index and  retrieve the blackmail files for themselves. That's why he lied about having no leads. He's using us... again. And that's not something I'm gonna let him do. So what you're telling me is that you've been illegally tapping your superior's phone. Keeping an eye on Sloane was a mandate, one that you specifically charged me with. I didn't condone breaking federal laws to do it. Since SD-6, Sloane has wanted he Blackwell index. And now he's coincidentally made contact with Devereaux in Sarajevo minutes after the theft? Perhaps he's pursuing information on who stole it. By contacting a former Alliance member? Sloane is free to contact old associates. It's one of the reasons why he was appointed head of the task force. He lied to us about having no leads. Perhaps none of the leads proved useful. Irrational explanations. He tasked us to steal the decoder from police custody. Does this add up for you? Are you listening to me? I'm aware of the mission to retrieve the decoder, mr. Dixon. I authorized it myself. Now I appreciate your concern, but these accusations are based on circumstantial evidence, so unless you have something else to give me, I would suggest you pull that phone tap. I know you want him to be guilty. I've been there. This is not about what he did to Diane. Of course it is. It is for me. But you're the one who reminded me why we're here -- to do the right thing. Maybe this time director Chase is right. Maybe we should just let it go. Chase refuses to see the truth. Sydney, you know I never do this. I'm asking you for me. Please, I need your help. You don't have to stand in the dark, you know. Oh, uh, I didn't want to, uh... The light won't bother David. You must be Bill. Why would you say that? Your uncle said you were coming to see him. He used to talk about you a lot before he had the stroke. Bill was my father. He's dead. Oh. My mistake. Older people get confused sometimes, you know, and they get the past and the present mixed up. - Was it recent? - No, he died in 1979. - I'm Michael. - I'm Rosemary. Nice to meet you. I do the 3:00 and the 10:00 rounds in this wing. Did you come a long way? Los Angeles. I would have come to visit sooner, but... Well, you're here now. That's what's important. I reviewed your recon analysis report. Your extraction plan needs some work. Really? I thought -- You're assuming that everything is going right. No, I allowed for contingencies. Exiting the building, if anything happens, it's the perimeter that poses the greatest problem. Okay, I'll work up a new scenario. Good. You have all our resources at your disposal, Weiss. Why don't you use them? The last thing we need is an international incident. Yes, sir. Rest of the specs look great. Well, thank you. I take it you'll have no problem bringing Nadia up to speed. Yeah. I already did last night. Excuse me? Uh, we were working. We work late. We actually like it. There were other peop-- Jack was here. Are you finished? Have the report on my desk in an hour. Impress me. Jack, I didn't realize you were waiting. I heard the forensic reports from Sarajevo were in. I'm curious -- was Langley able to generate any new leads? No. They have nothing as far as the theft is concerned. Then I'm assuming our agenda remains the same. Oh, yes. We obtain the decoder. I'll coordinate transport now. Jack, one more thing. Sydney was supposed to hand me her ops report 15 minutes ago. Any  idea where she might be? No. I imagine she's somewhere working out the details. I used to meet Vaughn like this when he was my handler at SD-6. Must have been romantic. Micro CD burner. Where'd you get it? I borrowed it from Marshall's office. With a few adjustments, it'll make a corrupted copy of the decoder disk. That'll be what we give to Sloane. Keep the real one safe. So if Sloane follows protocol and hands it over to the CIA... No harm done. But if he tries using it, he'll be sorely disappointed. We'll have to watch and see. What? I'm just now realizing how complicated your life was at SD-6. I appreciate you doing this. I know you have your reservations. It's just that things are a little different now since Nadia. He's her father. I know this may seem weird, but I hope for her sake that we're wrong. You're under arrest. It's about time. Amanda Peterson, right? My name is Richard Zachary, your legal counsel appointed by the american embassy. Great. I see you've been enjoying your stay in Paris. It's been swell. Okay, got it. Outrigger, looping the feed on your call. Vandalism, resisting arrest, assaulting an officer. These are serious charges. So? So let's see about getting you out of here. - The CD burner. - Thanks, Dixon. Good luck. Phoenix signing in. Copy. We have you. It's the third door on the left. Make it quick. You're about to have company. I'm in. Okay, plot number 430. Phoenix, report. Did you get the decoder? Negative. Moving to check the rest of the inventory. Phoenix, we lost visual. Still searching for the decoder. Phoenix, you've got incoming. Get out of there now. Okay. I just found the disk. Outrigger, abort. Go to plan "B." Copy that. Phoenix, we're moving to alternate extraction. Get to the roof immediately. Base, plan "b" better be in effect! I checked with Marshall. The decoder's still in analysis. Sloane's following protocol. No. Since we got back from Paris, he's made more than a dozen calls from a secure line in his home. Were you able to trace the calls? They were routed through relay stations, but I narrowed them down to a number in Brussels. Syd, we need to get into Sloane's house. If we could copy the encryption key from his secure phone, we could crack the calls to gain access to his conversations. Yeah, but how? Sydney, a word. My office. I'm sure I don't have to inform you of the consequences had either of you been apprehended by the french police. With all due respect, we weren't. Sydney, you took a long time in the evidence room. I assume you read my debrief. The decoder disk was misfiled. I had to search the rest of the inventory. During which time, Nadia and Weiss lost visual contact with you. Was that my fault? Once you were out of view of the security camera, you just happened to be able to locate the decoder disk? That's correct. Perhaps I shouldn't, but I expect better from you. This might not be the best time, but I thought you should know. Today's Nadia's birthday. She says she doesn't want to celebrate, but maybe she'd change her mind if the invitation came from you. Actually, I didn't know when -- Well, what do you think she might like? Something simple. Family dinner, maybe. At your house. That's a good idea. Thank you. Think your uncle wants to listen to the game? I don't know, I'm not sure he was much of a basketball fan. Do you think he can hear it? Well, you never know. I've known people to come out of comas, and when you ask them what did it, lots of times they say that it was the sound of a loved one's voice that  guided them back. Patients' hands get so dry. Were you and your uncle close? No, not really. Didn't see him much at all after my father died. He must have been a good man, your father. Sometimes he's all David would talk about. Oh. You know what? David was keeping something for him. For who, my father? I think so. Maybe he wasn't clear, but he said it was for Bill when he came back. I suppose you should have it. What do you think? It's pretty. It's perfect, actually. Thanks. Sure. You can borrow that necklace anytime. I don't mean that. Well, that too. I mean tonight, the party. Really? Because you seemed a little annoyed when I told your dad about your birthday. I was, but the idea of being with family -- it feels better than I thought. I'm so glad you didn't listen. I usually don't. You know, the fact that you're even willing to have dinner with my father -- it means so much. I'm glad. I'll get my coat. I'm telling you, she was crazy in Paris. I'm not kidding. I'm thinking about making my next car a hybrid. You should. I have one. What do you think, Arvin? Uh, Mr. Sloane. Ahem. Well, considering the rapidly growing demand for fuel in nations like China and India, not to mention the world's oil production is expected to peak in the next five years and then sharply plummet, I think it's pretty clear we're looking at an exponential rise in global conflict, along with an energy crisis of unfathomable proportions. So, yes, I'd say a hybrid is an excellent idea. That's what I thought. How about a toast? The chinese have a saying -- "one joy scatters a thousand griefs." So it is in that spirit that I wish you, Nadia, the same joy that you bring to me every day. I never dreamed that something so precious would come into my life. Because of you, I am a changed man. - Happy birthday. - Thanks. - Happy birthday. - Happy birthday. Hello? - It's me. - It's Vaughn. No, I have a minute. Are you okay? How's your uncle? Sloane's secure phone should be in his desk. Okay, Dixon, stand by. No, no, no, no. Unh-unh. Sit down. Why? Because you're not gonna lift a finger on your birthday. Come on. Well, I have something for you, so I'm going to get it. Okay, I'm transmitting now. Copy. I'm receiving the phone's encryption key. Transmission good. Nadia. Birthday cake's ready. Okay. Nadia. Thank you. There she is. - How's Vaughn? - He's okay. I think it's hard for him. It must be. All right, don't worry. I made them promise they would not sing to you. This is a little something I whipped up. Uh, chocolate icing, chocolate cake, chocolate mousse -- just for you. Happy birthday. Come on, Nadia, make a wish. Speech. I had no idea what to expect from tonight. I've never celebrated anything with family before. And, um, I wasn't even sure I wanted to, but... Sydney insisted. Now I see what I've been missing all these years. The chance to know my family for the kind of people they really are. Hear, hear. Happy birthday. You used me! You wanted to break into my father's office, and you used me to do it! - Nadia, listen to me -- - No! Tonight was nothing but a ploy. That's not true. You just said you suspected my father. I do, but for the first time in my life, I don't want him to be guilty. Nadia, I was trying to prove that he's innocent. Hi. Is Sydney home? Whatever you found out about my father, I have a right to know. Quite a coup, stealing the decoder from police custody. No less difficult that obtaining the index from the CIA. It seems we're both blessed with unique talents. The others have agreed. They're leaving for Brussels in the morning. It will be nice to have you back at the table, Arvin. Sloane is reconstructing the Alliance. Unless you require more evidence. You've proved your point. Do we have any idea where the meeting's taking place? All we know is what you heard -- Brussels. All right then. We'll set up a mobile surveillance, track Sloane to the meeting. Once he's led us there, we'll move in. Who else knows about this? Agents Sydney Bristow and Nadia Santos. You've involved agent Santos in this matter? It became necessary to do so, but she's prepared to accept the truth about her father. All right then. Let's do it. I need the report. Yeah. I told you, I need the report on my desk by tomorrow. That's it. - You wanted to see me? - Your scarf. You left this last night. Thanks. You seemed like you were in a hurry. Is everything all right? Um, yeah. Why? Last night, I thought I detected some tension between you and your sister. No, nothing like that. I was just overwhelmed. I still have to get used to being around family. Oh, I see. Okay. Well, if you ever need to talk, just know that my door is always open. Thank you. Are you going somewhere? Yeah. Just an overnight. - Where to? - Brussels. - Have a safe trip. - Thanks. I should have told you sooner. You don't need to protect me. I know that. It's just it's always been black and white where your father's concerned. I'm not used to seeing the gray. What if it was your father? He's done his share of compromising things. Would you work this hard to punish him? Target's on the move. Is the tracker hot? He just got onto rue Voltaire, heading due north. He's turning towards the river. The dockyards. Do you have a visual? Sloane's approaching the building on foot. Gentlemen, as promised... the Blackwell index. He went into the building. All right, we need to move. You'll monitor the perimeter. You're late. Evergreen, report. All clear. You have go. Where's Devereaux? Where is he? You have no idea what you're doing. Where's the Alliance meeting? It's not here. It's in another building. I am only surveilling. So, we've heard rumors you've turned CIA. Rumors were wrong. Oh, my god. It's good to be back. Thank you. If you knew the Alliance was regrouping, why not alert the CIA? You and I both know that the CIA would never have allowed me to convene the Alliance leadership. You're damn right. I had to bait them into the open to I.D. the players, the infrastructure. You should have come to me. I went to Jack. You sent my father to do your dirty work. Your father demanded to go, Sydney. He's lying. No, Marcus, I'm not lying. Like you, Jack would never trust me around the Blackwell index. But he knew they would recognize him as my chief of operations at SD-6. He insisted on delivering the decoder himself. He doesn't have the real decoder. Oh, no, you didn't. What's going on, Jack? I think the rumors are true. I think this is a setup. - Where is he? - Building 37. Nadia, get to building 37! Where's Sloane? My guess? Miles from here. He knew the decoder was a fake. He sold me out. And when I find him, I'm going to kill the bastard -- just as soon as I'm done with you. Where's Sloane? Where is he? Jack? Dad. I'm okay. Really. I'll wait in the car. Thank you. I'd like to think in the future you'll do the same for me. David, it's Michael. I found it -- dad's diary. I don't understand. There are entries in here until 1982. My father died in 1979. Please, if you can hear me, I need you to wake up. I need to know. Have you seen him? Has he been here? Is he alive? Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize he had a visitor. Everything okay? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. Thank you. Oh, uh, wait. I need to talk to Rosemary. I'm sorry. Who? Uh, Rosemary. The nurse. She's been taking care of my uncle. I don't recognize the name. What? That's impossible. She covers the 3:00 and 10:00 rounds. Sir, there are no 3:00 and 10:00 rounds. I'm sorry. I trust that you'll remove the tap on Sloane's phone. Already done. And the decoder disk. The real one. It's been turned over. Good. There's a lot of outside pressure on this task force. I don't want it compromised from within. I understand. You know, Marcus, when I asked you to keep an eye on Sloane, I meant it. But there are limits. That being said, neither Sloane nor I are pursuing disciplinary actions at this time. You're an asset to this team. So if anything else comes up, be sure to call me. - Anything? - Within reason. That looks like it went well. Yeah. I'm glad it's over. Is it? We'll see. Yes? It's working. Does it have what we need?