Hi. You're looking at the work of an emerging terrorist organization known as the Beograd Faction. Yesterday at 5:00 they hit the indonesian embassy in Copenhagen. It was their fourth major attack within the last several months. And their first overtly political act. If that's in fact what it is. Just looking at their files, they haven't claimed any ideology. They've made no demands, no pronouncements. Something doesn't add up. Langley is desperate to acquire intel on this group. To that end, they placed an undercover agent within the organization. His name is Thomas Raimes. He specializes in prolonged deep cover work. He's been in place for the last few months posing as a document expert in forging, counterfeiting. Two weeks ago he warned Langley of a pending attack in Denmark. And he never followed up with the details? Agent Raimes has missed the last four meetings with his handler and hasn't notified headquarters. Which means he was either caught or killed. In one of his last communications, he was able to identify the leader of this group, a man named Milos Kradic. Echelon intercepts suggest that Kradic has a meet set up tomorrow at a location in Amsterdam. Dixon, Vaughn, you'll run surveillance on that location. If Kradic shows up, neutralize him and take him into custody. Sydney, coordinate with Jack when he gets in. You'll run the operations from here. Until then, find out what other motives they could have had for hitting that embassy. Okay, that's it. Thank you. Hello? Nadia. Sophia? Is that you? It's so good to hear your voice. Yours too. I'm so surprised you're calling. It's been -- A long time, yes. I am flying to Los Angeles. I was hoping we might catch up. I'd love to. Why don't I meet you at the airport? That'll be wonderful. I arrive in the morning. Okay, I'll see you then. So how long has it been since you've heard from Sophia? Like 10 years. Why has she cometo Los Angeles now? I don't know. She didn't say. Are you sure you're okay with this? She can stay as long as she wants. - You know that. - Thanks. Where else am I gonna hear embarrassing stories about you as a kid? - You okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. You don't seem very excited. I know, but I am. It's just last time I saw her, I was in jail. I don't want to be a disappointment to her. Who knows if she'll even recognize me? Oceanic airlines, nonstop flight to Sydney is now ready for boarding at gate 17. Oceanic airlines nonstop flight to Sydney is now ready... Sophia. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. What happened? I didn't have anywhere to go. It's so good to see you. For the last few weeks, I had a feeling that I was being watched. I kept seeing the same faces everywhere I went. Then last night I came home early from work, and they were in my house. As soon as I walked in, they attacked me. What did they want? I don't know. Did they take anything? I honestly don't know. When I regained consciousness, the house was ransacked and they were gone. I couldn't stay there. I'm sorry I came here like this. It's okay. You did the right thing. We should let her get some sleep. Yes. I'm sorry we had to meet under these circumstances. You're family to Nadia, which means you're family to me. I'll see to it that you're well taken care of. You have nothing to worry about from now on. Thank you. That woman took care of Nadia when I couldn't. I owe her. As soon as I get back to the office, I'll reach out to our connections in Portugal. - Whatever I can do. - - You need a ride? - No, thank you. - Okay. I'll meet you there. That should take the edge off. It's less painful than the last few times. Glad  to hear it. I've increased the dosage of lipoic acid. Sorry to say, you may experience some increased side effects. It's not a cure, but, um, should keep it at bay for a while. I've been looking into studies from the institute of radiology in Prague based on treatment protocols in Chernobyl -- It's apples and oranges, Jack. We're not talking about alpha particles and beta particles, gamma or neutron rays. The radiation you were exposed to when you walked into that reactor -- Well,  it's a different fruit altogether. Then we'll keep looking. 20 years I've known you. You're not one iota less stubborn. - How's Sydney? - She's doing well. I remember when she was just starting school. Where do the years go? Jack, I've watched countless people die. Had to look into my patients' eyes when I tell them what they have is terminal. And you know what? That stuff about laughter being the best medicine? It's a load of bunk. I assume you have a point. A clean conscience -- that's a treatment I can stand behind. We both know how this is going to end. We can filter your blood till the cows come home, but there's no changing the outcome. Clear your conscience, Jack. That would take another lifetime at least. I'm not suggesting you write your memoirs. Although I'm sure they would make a hell of a read. Start small. Talk to your daughter. She's better off not knowing. Jack, these secrets you're keeping -- they're not yours to keep. We've been waiting over an hour. Think Kradic's gonna show? I hope so. You have history with the target? I knew the undercover agent -- Raimes. From Langley? We were in the corps together. Force recon. Toughest guy in our platoon. Didn't think the bullet was made that could take him down. We don't know that he's dead. He could've been captured. If Raimes were alive, he would have made contact. Okay, there's Kradic. There's another guy there. Brown jacket. You see him? That's Raimes. Do you think he's gone rogue? You've grown into a beautiful woman, you know. So different from the girl I once knew. You were so angry then. I know it's hard to believe -- at least it is for me -- but I have a home now, a family. I finally feel like I belong somewhere. Your father's a good man. I can tell. You should rest now. I'll be by tonight to check on you. Nadia, wait. It's San Marcos, the orphanage's namesake. My happiest times were there watching over you girls. I want you to have it. I can't. Please. It is my way of thanking you for taking care of me. Whoa! Oh, hey. I -- sorry, Mr. Sloane. I was testing out a mod on a virtual imager, and, well, you looked a little freaky. There's a latent fingerprint in here. I want to get everything you can on the person it belongs to. I want it kept between us. Yeah. Sure, no problem. Thank you. Dad, Dixon and Vaughn called in. They found Raimes. He's alive. He's traveling with Kradic. Have our team shadow Raimes. The second he's alone, pull him aside for questioning. I want to know why he hasn't contacted Langley. I'll let them know. Dad? Let me know when Dixon and Vaughn have secured Raimes. I'll keep you posted. Got the target. He just ordered a whiskey straight up. Okay, go for it. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there. Cheers. We're in Amsterdam. This is the best place we can find? No. If I chose the meet, we'd be in a park or near a beautiful canal. Where are you going? Where are you going? Last time I saw you like this was in a bar in Baghdad. Marcus. What are you doing here? Langley assumed you were compromised. What's going on? The embassy bombing. You warned of an attack somewhere in Denmark two weeks ago, then nothing. Why  didn't you send a second warning that the bomb would go off? You know what? I'll fill out a report later. Right now I gotta get back out there, because Kradic is meeting with an associate. Then talk fast. Tom, we need answers. - You don't understand. - So explain it to us. Why haven't you checked in with your handlers? Kradic is paranoid. If I would have radioed in -- There are other ways. I have to report in, Tom. And right now, we're looking at two scenarios. Either you blew your intel, or you've gone over. Which is it? - You think I sold out? - You tell us. All right, I had the intel, okay? But if I would have warned Langley, Kradic would have known we were on to him. So you decided to let 15 people die? I had my reasons. We're listening. Kradic is after a new weapon developed by the indonesians. It's a water contaminant. It can wipe out whole ecosystems. Kradic has a line on it. The embassy bombing was crucial to acquiring the weapon. It was a handful of lives against a half a million. That's not your call to make. You weren't there. Now, look, if I'm not back in a few minutes, Kradic is gonna know something's wrong. Yes, 15 people died, but if we don't recover that weapon, it'll be hundreds of thousands. So, you gonna let me walk out that door, or what? Your call, Marcus. Indonesians developed a sample of hydrosec, but he didn't know where. So he bombed the embassy as cover for the intel theft. Emergency protocol dictates that if a bomb goes off, all confidential intelligence is transferred to off-site servers. The explosion triggered those protocols. Kradic must have been prepared to intercept the outgoing data. The location of the hydrosec must have been in those files. He knows where it is, and now he's putting together a team to steal it from the indonesians. Indonesian officials deny their intelligence has been compromised. What else could they say? If they admit to developing hydrosec, they'd be violating international weapons treaties. We're talking in circles here. The only option we've got is to make Kradic lead us to the weapon. We could take him out before he gets a chance to use it. Dixon, what's your tactical assessment? Considering the situation, I think our best bet is to keep agent Raimes in the field. Agreed. You and Vaughn will shadow. Copy that. Go check on Raimes. Make sure he's okay. We'll outfit you for comms. No dice. Kradic has state-of-the-art countersurveillance detection. If I show up there wired for sound, I'll light up like a Christmas tree. Then we'll modify the comms. Spread-spectrum burst transmitters. Should be beyond Kradic's capabilities. It'll take us a few minutes to get them ready. I'll brush past you with them. Fine. I'll meet you at the bar in 10 minutes. Wait. This meet -- who is it? A hacker. Linus Halsey. Why? Does Kradic know this hacker face to face? You're thinking of switching him out? Well, you stand a better chance with another man on the inside. Fine. But you better hurry. He'll be here in one hour. Hey, what the hell? Where did you go? Let me tell you something. Shooting whiskey on an empty stomach -- not good. What's the matter? Milos pushing you around again? He's waiting. You're like a little girl. Come on, let's go. I'll start with Langley, see if they have an open file on Halsey. If there's a current file photo, we can run his faceprint through Interpol's biometric city scan. Make it fast. We don't have much time. Mr. Sloane, sir. Mr. -- Here's that background check that you asked me to run. Yeah. Sophia Vargas. Yeah, you actually probably just want to skip to the last page. Thank you, Marshall. Sure. I found the hacker, Linus Halsey. He was an MIT graduate with a degree in nonlinear cryptoalgorithsms and stochastic systems analysis. Because if they called it "code-breaking," they couldn't charge 30 grand tuition. Okay, I'm linked with Amsterdam's urban surveillance network. I'm checking the database for hotel reservations. Got him. Hotel ruisseau. It's just a few blocks over from where they are. Got eyes on Halsey. Okay,  let me know when you've got him, and I'll head inside. Shotgun, what's going on? Dixon, coming your way. I would have had him. I know. Hey. Good work on hotel Ruisseau. They caught Halsey. Thanks. We aim to please. You're in a good mood. Yeah, I guess so. So things went well with Sophia after we left? Yeah. I've missed her so much. It's been a long time. I was so different back then. You wouldn't have known me. I bet I would have. No. I was crazy, wild. I don't know what Sophia saw in me. She was always telling me I was her special one. For years after I left the orphanage, that was the only thing I could hang on to. I knew someone, somewhere believed in me. You were lucky to have a person like that in your life. Yeah. Why did you really come here? Tell me. I don't know what you mean. I know all about Jose Pedraza. I know how the argentine police found his body. I know they found a suspect's fingerprint. But they couldn't find a match. I did. He was hurting my girls, and I was the one who hired him to tend the grounds. I didn't realize. - Did he hurt Nadia? - He tried. I didn't give him the second chance. I know what I did was wrong, but they were my children. Yeah. I would have done the same thing. Still, that doesn't answer my question. All I ever wanted was to protect Nadia. When she was brought to me as a baby, she was in danger. I changed her last name to Santos so nobody could find her. The men who attacked me in Lisbon -- they weren't after me. They were after Nadia. They wanted to know what name I had given her. And what did you tell them? Nothing. Why didn't you tell Nadia? When I saw her with her sister, with you... she deserves the happiness she's found here. I couldn't bring back all that pain to her life. Don't worry. Now I can take care of her. How can you be sure? Because I know who's after my child. You wanted to show me something? Oh, yeah. Hey, Syd. Yeah, check this out. Now this is one nanogram of hydrosec, which is one billionth of a gram in a 500 milliliter beaker of water. According to my simulation, the toxin actually feeds off the water. One gram of hydrosec, Lake Michigan turns into sludge. It's incredible, really, you know... you know, Dr. Evil sort of way. What would it take to manufacture this stuff, level 4 biohazard containment? Yeah, and a massive cooling system, which should narrow down the possible locations. Give me a couple hours. - What's this? - Huh? Uh... you know, it's just a copy of some research I'm doing for -- ahem -- Mr. Sloane. It's not -- damn it. What the hell are you thinking? I'm sure you mean that in the most polite way. Using CIA resources to check up on Sophia. I was merely being cautious. I don't understand this, but Nadia believes in you. Somehow you've earned her trust. Every time you lie to her, you break that bond. I want you to understand that I'm not telling you this out of concern for you. Only my sister. Nobody reads the paper anymore. There is too much tragedy in the world. Clean. Have a seat. Your reputation proceeds you, Mr. Halsey. You're too kind. Temperamental. Arrogant. Vindictive. Violent. Vain. Petty and deceitful. You're forgetting talented... brilliant... and easy on the eye. Ha. There is that. You are supposed to be brilliant. They say you're the best hacker in the E.U. That's the rep. But what went wrong on the Kroner job? Kroner job -- what happened? Petty? Who the hell's that son of a bitch to call me petty? You know what? You can all go f-- Aah! Nothing went wrong. Then why does Kroner hate you so much, hmm? I finished the job as agreed. Perfectly, I may add. Aah! Listen to me, you son of a bitch. I'm not gonna let you hang my partner out to dry. Uhh! The son of a bitch shorted me 10 grand. Kroner stiffed him 10,000 euros. Then Kroner turned around, forgot to pay me my 10,000 euros. That doesn't explain why he hates you. Now by my count, you still have three rings left. That's on one ear. What happened? After he stiffed me... He hacked Kroner's credit card to buy hookers. I hacked into his credit card account, charged it exactly 10,000 euros to several young ladies in the red light district, and then sent the bills to his wife. Yes, I did. We leave in an hour. Aleksander, tell the team to meet us at Tuege airfield. You wanted to see me? I was thinking... the embassy transmission that Kradic intercepted -- the network tap he installed would have had to have been physically placed on the premises. I don't follow. It would be too risky to send someone to retrieve it afterwards, so we can assume it stores the information. Which means we might be able to access it remotely as well and download the same intel Kradic got off it. This is all assuming the indonesians haven't already located and removed the tap. It's worth a shot. I'll get Marshall right on it. Decades of research went into the development of this little marvel, and you yank it out with a letter opener? What are you talking about? You don't have the faintest -- I implanted it to regulate the medication in your bloodstream. I explained the entire procedure to you. You did? I did. I have no memory of this. Well, we talked about the fact that memory loss could be a side effect. I even implanted a second one in your calf. You don't remember that, either, do you? My position... my job -- this side effect is unacceptable. I can adjust the medication. But your condition is progressing quicker than I had anticipated. Jack, have you thought any more about what we discussed? About Sydney? Sydney has had to face so many things in her life. Too many for someone so young. And now, given my condition, I don't want to burden her. It's not fair. Honesty -- that's fair. You won't always be around to protect her, Jack. She has to know the truth before it's too late. You disagree with my decision? The embassy? I wasn't there. I was boxed in. So I made a call. Did some civilians die? Yes. Would I do it again? Absolutely. There are sacrifices we have to make. There are casualties in the business that we're in. You disappoint me, Marcus. There was a time you understood that. That was a long time ago. Things are... different. What happened, you get religion? I had that. No, I got married. Had kids. - Changes a man. - Mm. - You mean it softens. - I mean it deepens, gives a man perspective. Maybe we need men who can make the hard call, weigh the many against the few. I just know that every time I think of those 15 people at the embassy, it weighs on me. How many kids you got? A daughter, Robin, and a son, Steven. And the lucky lady? My wife was killed a few years ago. What you would call a casualty of the business we're in. Make sure the plane's ready to go. Ooh, hope it's warm where we're going, 'cause this weather's killing me. We are 15 minutes behind schedule. We'll have to make it up in the air. Vaughn just checked in. Kradic's men just arrived at Tuege airfield. Marshall was able to run a network probe at the indonesian embassy. It turns out my father was right. We've got a source on the hydrosec. It's in a manufacturing plant in Peru. Unfortunately, Kradic beat us to it. He must have had a team in place. Four hours ago there was a fire in one of the research labs. Our theory is that Kradic's men caused the accident to steal the hydrosec. It fits their M.O. Using disaster to achieve their operational objectives. Well, the big question is, since they have it, where do they plan to use it? It's most likely that Kradic will set up a rendezvous with the heist team. Our best course of action would still be to keep Dixon in play. That's it. Something else, Jack? I know we agreed to keep this between ourselves, but the time has arrived. Personal considerations have been weighing on me, Arvin. We need to tell them the truth. Yes, I know. You're right. I'm afraid that Nadia's already in danger. Fully fueled and ready to take us over the border. Get the gear. Let's move. I'm in place. Do you read? Go ahead. Kradic has gathered a total of six team members, and they're en routeto the plane. And agent Dixon is still embedded? Securely. Hey! What's going on? Outrigger, I'm in position. I have a better question. Which one of you two is agent Dixon? What? Milos, come on. Put the gun down. Take it easy. Enough! Aleksander intercepted a transmission. Transmission? What are you talking about? You're just being paranoid. I know one of you is an agent. If I move any closer, I'll be made. Do you have a weapon? Milos, come on. Let's see this thing through. Come on. We are not doing anything till I find out the truth! I sensed something was wrong about you. No, no, no. You wrong! You know my reputation. You checked out the Kroner job. I should have trusted my instincts. Now, see, this is insane. I'm not an agent! Take it easy. Who do you work for? CIA? Mossad? Man, what you talking about? Milos, nobody here is an agent. Okay. Then you leave me little choice, huh? I'll have to kill both you. Which one of you would like to die first? Nobody's got to die. We're all on the same side here. Everybody just needs to calm down. Lower your guns. Okay. Kill both of them. Enough! Outrigger, don't shoot Kradic! We need him to lead us to the hydrosec. Let me finish this. Get on your knees. This is how you deal with traitors. What you got to say now, agent Dixon? So, Dixon, any last words? Hey, casualty of the business I'm in. He's giving us an out. He's sacrificing himself to save the mission. Shoot him. Do it! We have business to do, and we need to get out of here before this guy's backup shows. You're welcome! Let's go. This is agent Vaughn, field code alpha-5-0-niner-charlie. Request authorization for a code 4 medivac. We have an agent down. Vaughn just reported in. Agent Raimes is being medivacted to Deventer. He's critical but stable. They're saying the shot didn't hit any of his vital organs. Dixon saved his life. He just boarded the plane with Kradic and his team. Here's the tail number of his flight. All right, I'll put in a call to euro control, see if we can track it. I think I might be able to triangulate Dixon's signal using one of NSA's comm sats. Just -- Excuse me, do you have a minute? What is this about? Please, come in. There's something we need to tell you, something you have the right to know. It concerns your mother's sister. - Katya? - Yelena. She was one of the KGB's foremost assassins, responsible for the murders of countless diplomats and politicians throughout eastern europe. In the course of her work, she earned a reputation for being the cruelest of the Derevko women. Why are you telling us this now? Because almost 30 years ago, Yelena disappeared. It was rumored that she had a falling out with Irina. Yelena severed all ties with the KGB as well as her family. Both the CIA and the KGB tried to find her, but to no avail. Even Irina couldn't locate her. But you found something? I received a message from an old associate about a year ago that led me to one of Yelena's safehouses in Warsaw. Inside we found this. It's me in college. This is my old apartment in Argentina. My grad school transcripts. I was 9 here. Given what's here, we can assume she's been surveilling you both for at least a decade. We can also assume that she's responsible for the attack on Sophia. Why? What does she want from us? We don't know. We're doing everything we can to find out. It's me. The plane is in the air. Do we know where they're headed? I'll contact you once I have their final destination. I'll be waiting. I won't let you down, Yelena. Do you have any idea where Yelena is now?