The carvings on the face are almost identical to the first attack. Identical except for 2 things. He's never come back for one of his victims, and he's never killed. Raping and carving isn't enough for him anymore. He's crossed the line. Lost control. That's when you start to make mistakes, isn't it? And there it is. Tell me what you don't like about yourself, Mr. Montejo. Montejo? My name is Trapp. Granville Trapp? I'm sorry. I must have grabbed the wrong file this morning. It's ok. People are always mistaking me for someone else these days. My own mother says she barely recognizes me anymore. Look at this mug, huh? It's a halloween mask. You're referring to the hollowness around your cheeks? I'm referring to my aids face. I'm HIV-positive. The cocktail I'm on right now is what's doing this. Not that I'm complaining that much. I'm still alive, which is more than I can say for John. He was my partner for 5 years. And was he on a treatment plan as well? Mr. Homopathic? He wouldn't take ibuprofen. We tried licorice, cat's claw -- anything to boost his immune system. I cashed in my 401K for these meds and, well... he didn'td last a year after he was diagnosed. I'm very sorry. I'm not. Asshole was screwing around on me almost from the beginning. He used to meet men online and set up anonymous meetings for sex the whole time we were together. I never knew. It's scary. To get that close to someone, to know every detail of their life, to dress them... I never imagined I would be deceived like that. Technically, the term for your condition is facial lipoatrophy. I'm guessing you're on a high dosage of zerit or retrovir? Over time, the reaction from those chemicals is that it will eat away the fat cells in the face, arms, legs, mid-section. Whatever you call it, it is my scarlet letter that screams, "sick gay man. Stay away." I just want to start dating again. Dating? I'm not dead. I'm just lonely. I want my old face back. When did you get to be such an expert on aids medication? I buy Gina's supply every month. I never knew that. There's a lot of things you don't know about me, Sean. Miss McGraw. To what do we owe this displeasure? Step away from the counter, Christian. Oh, we don't play those kinds of games anymore, sweetheart. What are you doing here? Step away from the counter and put your hands behind your head. Now! Hey. Hold on a second. What the hell's going on? Christian Troy, you are under arrest or the murder of Rhea Reynolds. You have the right to remain silent. The most important thing is to not let word of this get out. To anyone. The press gets wind of his arrest, business will suffer. Agreed? Sure. Fine. Everything's back to normal then. How can you be so blithe, Sean? Look, the cops can't arrest anyone for a crime like this unless they have serious evidence, right? I'd be willing to bet Kit had Christian arrested just to get back at him. Do you think she'd actually go that far just because she was dumped? That bitch? Hell yeah. Liz, you don't really think Christian is the carver, do you? People who knew Ted Bundy thought he was a hell of a guy. He was college educated, very charming, good with the ladies. And then you find out he strangled them after biting their nipples off. Being charming and screwing a lot of women does not make you a serial killer. I know, Sean. I am just playing devil's advocate. I've known Christian for 20 years. For the better part of that time we've spent 14 hours a day together. I could tell you almost every detail of his life, from how many cavities he has to what he keeps in his sock drawer. I know him like he's a part of me. And I know there's no way in hell he did what he's being accused of. You knew him for 20 years, and you never would have imagined he was Matt's father, either. You know what we call the ones who fall asleep in here? Guilty. You see, an innocent man, he's terrified at this point. He's thinking that maybe he'll never see his family and friends again. He's thinking that maybe he'll get raped in prison. An innocent man won't sleep because he's too anxious. A guilty man, he figures he's been caught. He can finally stop running and get some sleep. 14 hour in this place without even a cup of coffee, and Gandhi would become a narcoleptic. Can I offer you something to drink, then? We might be here a while. I don't think so. You proved your point. You're pissed you got dumped. I get it. But I'm done playing. If I'm not home by 10:00 and deep into a beer and some chinese food, I'll have my lawyer sue you for defamation of character, false arrest and, if possible, being a royal bitch. You're under arrest for murder, Christian. This isn't a game. If you're so sure that I'm the carver, what's there to talk about? Hmm? You just want to torture me. Actually, I'm here to help you. Help me? With your confession. Oh. Give it to me, and I'll work with the D.A. to waive the death penalty. You've hurt enough people, Christian. Spare the ones you love and confess your crimes. What the hell are you talking about? Kimber and I had a nice chat several hours ago. You're wasting my time. I'm not answering your questions, Kit. After all the intimacy we've shared? What do you have to hide from me now, Kimber? Of course, I should remind you that anything you say in here is on the record. Lying would only implicate you in Christian's crimes. Christian isn't a murderer. You know that. This is all entrapment. You mean because we slept together? Sweetheart, I hate to break it to you, but I was undercover. We're some sort of assignment to you? You really are a sick, twisted person. The truth is, if you want to catch a deviant killer, you have to get close enough to watch him work. As I recall, you're the deviant one. Interesting judgment, coming from someone who makes her living as a whore. All that sex desensitizes you after a while, doesn't it? You start needing more and more kinkiness to get off. Bondage, role playing, masochistic behavior. Anything to keep upping the ante. In fact, maybe you and Christian are another Paul and Karla Bernardo. Who? Married couple from Canada, back in the nineties. Liked to kidnap and drug women, bring them back to their home. Before they killed them, Karla would videotape her husband raping the unconscious bodies. You can't dispute the fact that as a director, you know your way around a camera. You think I'm a killer? Why don't you admit why you really brought me down here, Kit? You're jealous of me. You fell in love with Christian, and now that it's just me and him, you're trying to get your revenge. Once you screw a girl's lover in front of her, there's no need to get revenge, is there? Then again, assaulting an officer is grounds for arrest. Oh, you're kidding. You're arresting me? You're not arresting me! Are you crazy? You have no right to treat her like that. She didn't hurt you. That's sweet. You're acting like a real person who's capable of loving someone. I do... love her. Look what you've done to her since you've met her. Cocaine addict, porn star. Now arrested for assaulting an officer. Has there ever been anything you've touched that you didn't destroy? You better wise up and start cooperating with me, Christian, or Kimber is only the beginning. Once word of your arrest gets out, and people realize who you really are, I might be the only friend you have left. Did they set any kind of bail? This is gonna cost Christian everything he has if it goes to trial, isn't it? It won't go to trial. He didn't do anything. I know he didn't. But people get railroaded by the justice system all the time. I mean, even if he's found innocent, the damage it could do to his career, just to be accused. Would you still stay in business with him? Are you serious? Of course I would. Absolutely. Even if it cost you the practice? Everything you've worked for you whole life? He's innocent, Julia. If I have to, I'll help pay his legal fees myself. How could I be the carver if I was carved myself? You had all the right tools to begin with. First you gave yourself a trace amount of the tranquilizer-- just enough to pass scrutiny and investigation. As a surgeon, you'd know exactly where to carve yourself, so you'd never be in any real danger. Then you hid all your tools and jumped into bed. After you let yourself bleed a while, you called the police. A brilliant misdirection, I must admit. What about the fact that I was raped? How could I fake that? You refused a police examination. There's no proof of any assault or penetration. You don't have a single hard fact. You want me or anyone else to believe that you have a case? I think you need something a little more solid than a breakdown from my girlfriend and some far-flung theory about how I faked my own carving. Maybe this will help. Your size, I believe. Found in Rhea's apartment after the murder. Blood on the outside of the condom matches Rhea's. Semen on the inside matches yours. That solid enough for you? I can explain the condom. You planted it. That's your defense? Given all the used magnums I've used with you over the last 3 months, it would be easy for you to steal one and leave it in Rhea's bed. Let's see. I snuck into Rhea's apartment after she was murdered, but before the police showed up, and hid one of your used condoms that I stole from your trash can a week ago? I'm never adverse to a good conspiracy theory, Christian, but even that one's a little thin. If you didn't plant it, somebody did. Who would do that? Throw a stone down south beach. You'll hit some model I screwed and never called back. Why don't you start there? I'd rather look at something no one knows about. You were in reform school as a child. Is that right? When I was 12. What's that got to do with anything? Quite a lot, actually, when you consider what landed you there in the first place. I found a lot of fascinating newspaper articles from back then. Seems that you were quite the carver, even at an early age. Animal killing in children is one of the earliest signs ofd sociopathic behavior. Almost all serial killers start out that way. I didn't kill these animals. I found them that way. They were already dead. You just cut off their head as an experiment. What can I say? I've always wanted to be a surgeon. You mean you were exercising that god complex of yours. It's not a god complex. I was a kid. I was bored. Curious. That's funny. That's what Matt said the other day about why he picked up a transsexual. He was curious. Don't start comparing my childhood to what's going on with Matt. We grew up under very different circumstances. Yes, but that's what makes it so fascinating. That despite the different upbringings, your genes have produced a child that's proven to be as violent as yourself. Nature beats nurture every time. Your prosecutorial arguments will not stand up in court. Oh, I think they will once I prove beyond reasonable doubt that your violence is innate. Let's take a walk. You have visitors. Oh, my god. Christian. I'm ok. How have they been treating you? Like a criminal. Being lockedd alone in a room with that bitch for 2 hours, now I am ready to kill somebody. She's got a serious case from what I hear. What do you mean, from what you hear? They found one of your condoms at the site, right? Is that true? You don't actually believe I could... She planted it, Sean. How else do you think it got there? She also told us that you haven't asked for a lawyer. I haven't done anything. I don't need one. I asking for representation is tantamount to saying that I've got something to hide. I don't. I can't believe this is happening to me. We've hired a lawyer for you. Cunningham's the best in the city. He's on his way. Thank you. It's not because we doubt you, Christian. It's just because we want to make sure you're protected, that's all. You want to protect me? Then go to my condo. Kit's getting a search warrant and tearing the place apart tomorrow. What do you want us to do? I need somebody I trust to be there so she doesn't plant any more evidence. She knows she's not gonna get a confession, so she's trying to turn everybody I know against me. Yeah. Maybe a little more on the right cheek. Another 3 ccs under there, he'll look exactly like his old, healthy self. This isn't right. Ok, then we start with a smaller dose. We'll wait to see how it settles-- This man is sick. Why are we hiding his disease? If we make him look like a normal, healthy guy, he could sleep with anyone he wants and spread the virus undetected now. That's dangerous and irresponsible. Are you assuming he's gonna just run out of here when we're done and bang everyone he sees just to infect them? I only spent 10 minutes in a consultation with him. I don't know him at all. I think Christian's arrest has gotten you a little paranoid, my friend. You know they found a condom at the crime scene that matches Christian's DNA. So what? The police planted it. It happens all the time. DNA doesn't lie. Ask OJ. He'll tell you otherwise. You think Christian did it. I didn't say that. It's not what I think. You've only known him a few months. I'd say you'd be more susceptible to believing he's guilty. I think it's the opposite, really. I think you know more about someone in the first 5 minutes than you do in an entire 20-year relationship. Think about it. Those first gut instincts, they're always right. It's time and sentimentality that cloud the mind's ability to judge. I've taken the liberty of filling in a lot of details already on this crime report, dates of the attacks, victim's names, et cetera. All you need to do is sign here for now, and we can work on the language of your confession after you get some rest. I'm sure you'll agree that given all the evidence, this is your best way out. Screw you. I want my lawyer. You bring a lawyer into this, and I won't be able to help you anymore, Christian. My deal is off the table. You wanna play hardball, sweetheart? You have no idea who you're dealing with. I'm sorry to hear that. I'll get your lawyer, then. He's been waiting. Oh! If you don't mind, let me give you some advice. Tell him you want to plead insanity. What, for sleeping with you in the first place? Given your family lineage, I think you have a good chance to at least avoid the death penalty. A jury might even have sympathy for you. What do you know about my lineage? You have a genetic predisposition to violence, Christian. It's in your blood. What are you talking about? I found your birth mother, Christian. She's still alive. Your adoption records had been sealed by the court because she was only 15 when you were born. I had them subpoenaed as part of your investigation, then tracked her down from there. It turns out your mother lived only a hundred miles from Miami. All this time? When I contacted her, she insisted on coming down personally. Normally, I'd never let a suspect do this, but I have a soft heart when it comes to family reunions. You have 5 minutes. Hello, Christian. They always told me you were dead. I'm sorry. This must be quite a shock for you, then. Detective McGraw has filled me in on most of the details of what's happening for you-- Detective McGraw has the wrong man in custody. She knows that. Well, I suppose there's one thing you can't deny, and that is that you look a lot like your father. Is he still alive, my father? I don't know, but I'm pretty sure he never even knew you existed. You never told him about me? I was only 14 at the time... when he raped me. He attacked 10 other girls before me. Broke into their homes, raped them, cut off a piece of them to take with him as some sort of trophy. I suppose that's what was going to happen to me if my father hadn't come home early from work that night. They never caught him. Why didn't you get an abortion? I probably should have. But that isn't what my family believed in at the time. Regardless of how you were conceived, you were the innocent one. You deserved to be saved. Saved? Do you have any idea who my foster parents were, what they did to me? - No, and I'm sorry-- - I'm sorry. This is a little... Little much for me to deal with right now. The fact is I knew that looking into your face everyday would only remind me of the rape. I thought I was being responsible giving you up. But I wasn't. That's why I'm here now. You never had a chance to be a good man, Christian. When you realize who your father was, what he passed on, and I... I owed it to you after all this time to tell you myself... and I owe it to all those other poor girls to try to convince you to stop. You haven't seen me since I was born, and yet... you think I'm a killer. I earn $750,000 a year... at least. I'm a goddamn surgeon. Just because my father raped you doesn't mean that I've turned into the same man. Christian, please-- Please don't tell me you've come down here all this way after all this time to convince me that I'm a murderer. This wasn't easy for me, either, you know, to dig up the past! What do you think it's like?! To realize that my son, whom I never should have had, turned out to be my worst fear. I used to fantasize when I was being beaten and molested by my foster father that... none of that pain could hurt me because my mother was an angel looking down on me from heaven. That's what gave me the strength to go on, make something of my life. Now I just wish you were dead. How's that for a confession? I'm done in here. Is that really necessary? Those are all $200 shirts. They're evidence now. Each one will be sent to the lab for DNA testing to match for traces of blood and semen. Bag and tag all of these, please. It just seems excessive. What exactly are you looking for? Anything that links Dr. Troy to other crime scenes or fits with the profile. And what profile is that? Sexually deviant masochist obsessed with appearances. Well, what do we have here? His closet porn collection. Of human bondage and suffering. Whip smart. The gang-bang gang. Kimber directs adult videos. I'm sure those are hers. The ones Kimber directs aren't nearly as hardcore as these. Hers have themes of female empowerment, not degradation. Found these in the kitchen drawer. Can't say this surprises me. Very common for criminals to be obsessed with their own crimes and the press attention they get. It's a way to relive the rush of the attack. McNamara/Troy is probably mentioned in half those articles. We do the pro bono work on the victims. Most people who are victims of violent crimes tend to shun reminders of their own abuse. That's just a theory. It doesn't prove anything. I don't even know why I'm indulging your presence. Why are you? Because it's time you see Christian for who he really is, a terrifying sociopath. Case in point. What's your earth-shattering conclusion, that he's a neat freak? There's where the-maid-does- neat and then there's scary, obsessive, compulsive neat, which is always about trying to hide something. Tranquilizer. The exact same type the carver uses to paralyze his victims. I don't understand. Why would Kit bring your mother in to see you? Well, I'm busy. You're gonna have to take care of this, all right? I'm sorry. Where were we? My bail. When can I go home and take a shower? Well, the police can hold you for another 24 hours before the D.A. has to set up a hearing, so you might be here for the weekend. Are you kidding? I have to spend 2 more days in this shit hole? Trust me, that's the good news. That means they're trying to buy some more time to build a stronger case. How can they not have a case? They've already arrested him, searched his apartment, found the condom... Bottom line, if they thought they had their man, they would've released his identity to the media by now. Which brings me to your defense. Now, our strategy from this point on is to expose police abuses, and discredit their investigation. Now, the way we do that is conduct our own inquiry, and spin it in our favor. That's gonna take a lot of resources. What does that mean in regards to your fee? Well, it's tough to give you a hard and fast number, but given the scope and nature of this case, I'd say anywhere between 3 and 5 million. Could you excuse us for a moment? Certainly. Thank you. I can take out a loan against the business. Will you help me do that? Look, this guy's the best in Miami. It's gonna cost, but I can't take any more chances if I want my freedom. They found the tranquilizer in your apartment, Christian. So you're not gonna try to deny it was yours? I ordered it a month ago through the office. It's not what you think. It's not? 'Cause at this point, I'm not so sure anymore. Look, I bought it because I was having doubts. I didn't know if I was actually paralyzed that night, or if... I was just willing to let him hurt me. I don't understand. Come on, Sean, I'm a strong guy. 5 ccs of that stuff isn't enough to paralyze me to the point where I can't move. I had the same thing happen to me, and I couldn't move for an hour. - I don't know why you would think-- - Because I did move. I moved my fingers when it was happening to me. I don't know if it was a reflex or a nerve twitch or something, but... I lie awake every night wondering if I could've done something. If I didn't fight back because in some kind of way, I... I feel like I deserve it. For what? For what?! For screwing Julia when you were engaged. For cheating on every girlfriend I've ever had. For charging 10 grand to raise a pair of sagging tits on some socialite bitch. For generally being a soulless man. Take your pick. You need to believe me, Sean. If I'm their guy, that means I cut you. That means I took a knife, and I cut your face. Do you really think I could do that? I'm gonna go back to my cell. It's getting a little uncomfortable in here. Good evening, this is Andrea Hall at Miami dade police processing center, with a WCNU exclusive. A local plastic surgeon, Dr. Christian Troy, has been arrested on suspicion of being the carver. Just 36 hours after the murder of Rhea Reynolds, police said they finally caught a break in the case that has kept Miami in the grip of fear for the last 6 months. A police spokesman would not reveal any details of the evidence that led to Dr. Troy's arrest, but did tell me a special investigator had been targeting the doctor for some time. An ironic twist in this arrest is that it was Dr. Troy, part of the surgery team of McNamara/Troy, who had volunteered to repair the faces of the victims he allegedly carved. A few of those women who were contacted for reaction to the news refused to comment at this time. Without a doubt, local reaction in the Miami area is one of relief and cautious optimism. Honey, are you awake? You were tossing and turning so much. What, you having a bad dream? It was horrible. I was in prison. Well, I made you your favorite breakfast. Maybe that will help make you feel better. And if you hurry up and finish, I'll let you shave my legs. And who knows what else. Boy, is this your lucky day. Let's go. Isn't there some kind of rule where I'm allowed time to rest between interrogations? You're free to go. What? Detective McGraw met with the D.A. this morning, convinced him to drop all charges. Why? I guess the real carver struck again last night. Evidence at the crime scene was enough to convince her that you were innocent. Mr. Trapp. Oh, my god. It's you. I didn't mean to startle you. I'll go see if I can find Dr. McNamara. No. No. No. I'm glad you're here. Uh, I need someone to give me the final once over. Can you do it so I can be discharged? The filler has set, and I don't see any sign of infection. You'll need to take some antibiotics for a few weeks, but otherwise, you look-- Like my old self again. It's funny. Last week when people looked at me, all they saw was ad dying man. Today I look ready to take on the world. It's like my whole identity changed overnight. At least yours was for the better. On the outside, yeah. But on the inside, I'm still the same person. I guess, uh... people only see what they want to. There you are. God, I was so relieved when I heard you got out. I never should have doubted you, Christian. I knew it was all a case of mistaken identity. Can you believe that Andrea Hall jumped the gun like that? Half our appointments cancelled this week. The other half, I'm sure, aren't even bothering to call to say they're not coming in. With everything you went through, I have half a mind to call the station and-- It's not a problem, Sean. Are you kidding? This might take months for us to recover from. Right now, we have no surgeries on the books. She reported the story because I called her and told her what happened. They still give you one call in prison, you know. You leaked the story? Why? Because I knew the real carver would hate not getting credit for his own work. So you knew he would strike out again. I hoped he would. Then they'd have to release me. You planned to get out of prison by sacrificing another innocent person? How could you even think like that? I had no choice, Sean. Everyone in my life, everybody that I trusted abandoned me, including you! Jesus Christ. We've known each other for 20 years. I thought you knew me. I thought I did, too. You're back. The latest carver victim is in your office, Christian.