The former boss of Sylvio Perez. My brother would like a new nose. - What happened? - I killed my brother. You chose the right family, Alejandro. What are we supposed to do with this body? Hi. I'm Merrill, and I'm a drug addict. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for this man. What are you planning on doing, Merrill? If I can't have your life, I'll just take your face. I said what I always say, whatever it takes to get me laid. You really are a beautiful soul, Matthew McNamara. I don't wanna lie to you, Sean. I was at Marlowe's. Married? - What kind of joke is this? - This isn't a joke, Christian. Matt and I exchanged our vows three days ago. Three days ago? I'm eighteen now. I can do... I'm just gonna handle this. Go get my bag. The Church is Matt's family now and we both know how you feel about that. Inviting you would've been a mistake. But you're still his parents, and we do feel bad that you couldn't be there. But I thought this might help. You can pick out the ones you like and we'll send you copies. Really? You sure you won't have to check with the mothership first? See? This is why neither one of you are in my life anymore. You can't be happy for me no matter what I do, right? That's ridiculous, Matt. That's like saying we should be happy if you're a drug addict and just scored a bag of heroin. And don't think I don't know what you're doing. You married Matt to get back at me. Christian, I was done with you a long time ago. Really, I think you're the one who needs to let go. Matt, this just seems so abrupt. I mean, you were gonna go to college. What're you gonna do to support yourself now? The Church has a lot of opportunity available to me. I'll work there. Cleaning up trash. Big future in that. Now, why can't you both just admit what you're really pissed about, okay? Your own lives have failed and I'm doing great! I mean, really, it's a wonder I turned out this well! Turned out well? Going from dating a transsexual to marrying a faded porn star is not doing well in my mind! They're just trying to control you. Sit down. - All right. - And stay quiet! - You leave! - He's being polite. Get the hell out of here before I kick you out! I need to talk to my son! But this is a consult. And I have every right to have my husband in a consult. Now, besides filling you in on our marriage, I made an appointment because I needed a little work done. You think either one of us would ever operate on you again? Well, I think you'd be pissed if I didn't give you the opportunity. Besides, it'd be in your best interest, Grandpa. That's right. We're pregnant. And if I'm going to have any chance at breastfeeding our son, I'll need my implants removed. Just think of the operation as a wedding gift to us. What are you doing? Now that Marlowe isn't working here anymore, I can finally paint over this monstrosity without offending him. Don't just stand there. I bought a roller for you, too. Conor loved this mural. It agitated him. All the darkness and movement. It's what was keeping him from sleeping well. That's probably why Marlowe paints these things in his client's nurseries, to ensure that he gets to stick around. I wish you'd asked me first. Well, I just assumed, now that Marlowe was gone, we'd wanna move on. Besides, I didn't think I needed to ask permission to paint a wall in my own house. No, you don't. But it doesn't mean I'm gonna help you. - How's Michelle holding up? - She won't return my calls. All I know is she's in Houston with Burt's attorneys and spreading his ashes. We sent flowers. So, what did Julia say when you told her about Matt? She was upset. Then again, she's dealing with her own secret. She's having an affair with Marlowe. That's ridiculous. - Julia and Marlowe? - Just 'cause of the size doesn't mean... No, because he's the nanny. You banged the nanny, now your guilty conscience is making you think she's banging the nanny. - So, I'm just being paranoid? - Do you have any proof? I don't need proof. I have my gut. You know what my gut's telling me? My gut is telling me it's not Matt's kid. I didn't wanna say it in front of the poor guy, but I screwed Kimber recently. Wait a minute. Are you saying it's your baby now? Well, my sperm certainly knows its way around her uterus better than his. And you know she only married him to get to me. Have you ever had a baby that someone else didn't think was theirs? Once I find out that the kid is mine, I'll handle Matt, all right? No need for the kid to suffer my mistake. Will you turn that shit off? I've had enough torture for one day. - Oh, I wouldn't count on that. - What? What ever happened to, "How you doing?" "Looking great"? "Good to see you got out"? Last time I saw you, Merrill, you tried to cut my face off. Fair enough. But I was under the influence of narcotics. And that bitch, Madam Rose. Is that what you told the judge? How'd you get out so fast anyway? I thought they got you on manslaughter. I cut a deal. Squealed like a pig. Madam Rose was the one that killed the girl. I was just a poor soul addicted to the nitrous she was feeding me. I pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting, and then I got a 32-month slap on the wrist. You always were good at squirreling your way out of things. More like ratting. You know what the prosecutors don't tell you, is that rats are the lowest form of pond scum in prison. I was fresh fish target numero uno. Tell it to your parole officer, Merrill. I don't give a shit. They raped me, Christian. Repeatedly. They passed me around for a year and a half, and now I can't even leave the house without fear of shitting my pants. What do you want me to do? I need an anal retread. That's a pretty expensive procedure, Merrill. I assume you don't have insurance. Of course not. But you'll be doing the surgery for free. Unless you wanna end up in prison takin' it like a woman, too. Excuse me? The only way for a guy like me to protect himself on the inside is get married. It's not like I wore a white dress and danced to Unforgettable, Christian. I became someone's prison wife. Someone more powerful than me. - A bitch. - I prefer the term "prag". I cleaned, I did the laundry, I serviced him when he needed it. You'd have done the same thing in my situation, trust me. - I'm no one's bitch, Merrill. - Everyone is someone's bitch. Wasn't too bad, actually. I found it somewhat liberating to have all of my choices taken away from me. Must be one hell of a guy. It usually takes at least six karats for a bitch to give it up like that. They don't have wedding rings in prison. Marriage is symbolized by the branding of the husband's name on the wife's ass. - Wanna see who my husband is? - Not really. Who's the bitch now, Christian? Oh, man! You should see your face. I knew I should've brought a camera. My retread aside, my hubby has some medical conditions. He wants you and Sean to come and see him. Tell him I'll come visit him when he's in the prison cemetery. I wouldn't refuse him, unless you want him to start blabbing about your mutual friend in the Everglades. Dr. McNamara. To what do I owe the pleasure? Nice. A little depressing, but I understand why, considering your mood. Come again? Since you canceled your surgery, I assumed something happened with the girl you were doing it for. You guys break up? Do you always make house calls to patients with cold feet? No. But you were our nanny. You were a member of our family, right? Yeah, we're taking some time apart. I don't know what I was thinking. I guess women make us do crazy things sometimes. Why did you split up? Did she snore? Didn't like your taste in movies? Or was she married? As a child, I learned early on that if I was going to compete in a world that was taller than I was, I needed to go straight at things. - No pussyfooting. - Are you having an affair with my wife? Julia and I have an intimacy that goes beyond just employer and employee, probably more than just even friends. But it was never physical. Are you gonna hit me? How about now? Do you think that'll make you more of a man? Do you think that'll impress Julia? I painted over your mural. Belts, too. Anything with metal on it. How do we know he doesn't have a weapon? Four members of the MS-13 lit his face on fire with lighter fluid last week. Got third-degree burns on his hands, trying to put it out. You got nothing to worry about. On the gate! - I'll holler when we're done, Van! - Sure thing, boss. So you got my message, huh? - Thank you for coming so quickly, man. - Didn't sound like we had a choice. Don't worry. I didn't tell Merrill our little secret. About the swamp? He's just an errand boy. You guys look good. So, should I tell you what I don't like about myself or is that too obvious right now? We'll fix your face for you. Who do you wanna look like? Charles Manson or Hitler? I must admit, that was some clever shit you guys pulled, you know? Turning me into the FBl's "Most Wanted" like that. Here's what you'll look like four months after surgery. On your knees. Hands behind your head. Actually worked to my advantage for a while, too. I copped a plea the real Escobar never would've gotten. I was told I'd be out in 18 years. Only I didn't realize that the man you turned me into shot a federal agent because he was about to be arrested for child molestation charges. Is that why they burned your face? You can kill a hundred cops, come in here and run the joint. General population finds out that you banged a six-year-old, it doesn't go over too well. You become a target. One thing prison has taught me, you live and die not just based on who you are, but on who people perceive you to be. Not much different from your line of work. So if I'm going to spend the next 15 years in here, I want to go back to being the man that I was. - The Escobar people feared. - Doesn't make sense. They'll find out they got the wrong guy, you'll go back on trial and get life. I'll take spending an entire lifetime in here as the man I am before I live another day as the bottom feeder that I'm seen as now. A pervert. Quite like Sylvio Perez. You know, the man that you wrapped in hams and threw in the swamp? Hopefully, they're gonna get confused and eat everything. Then there won't be any trace left. You don't have any proof of that. No, I don't. But Alejandro does. Do you remember him? Sylvio's brother? You don't think I would let you dispose of Sylvio's body yourselves. I had Alejandro follow you to the swamp. Which means that I know where the evidence is. So you better fix me. Or, I don't know, maybe I'll direct certain authorities to the scene of your crime. You're full of shit. Amigo, if I was full of shit, you wouldn't be here right now. But did you miss me? Let me see what they did to you. Jesus... I don't know how much we can do for you, especially in this chop shop. I've already arranged with the warden to have all the work done at McNamara/Troy. I take care of his heroin habit, he takes care of me. I'm not asking for a miracle. Just do your best. I know you still remember what I look like, Sean. You sure you don't want me to take off the brand, Merrill? Never. Escobar saved my life. I owe him my loyalty. You know, most of the damage was done before he started protecting me or when he loaned me out in exchange for favors. And just so we're clear, Christian, being a prag isn't about going queer. It's about surrender. From the condition your anus is in, it looks like you surrendered to the entire South Florida Penal System. I expected that kind of cynicism from a man who's never fully given himself to anyone or anything. Come on, Merrill. I know it was tough for you in there, but you can't be serious about all this bullshit. You and I come from a world of achievement. We're doctors, plastic surgeons, it's all about being the best, the most beautiful, the winner. It's goddamn exhausting is what it is. Are you trying to tell me you don't get worn down by expectations? I'm trying to tell you I like being in control. I like Osetra better than Beluga, I like Añejo better than Reposado, I like blondes who can suck the yellow out of a canary better than brunettes with great asses. I like them when I want them, and I like them how I want them. Which means, Merrill, no matter how hard you try, you could never be like me. Speaking of blondes who blow, how's Kimber? I wrote her a bunch of letters from prison, but she must have changed her address because she never wrote me back. Consider yourself lucky. Her venom has become more potent with age. She's still got her claws in you? I wish it was just me. Since you've been gone, she has screwed, and screwed over, me, Sean and now my son. - Well, her pimp hand is strong. - Bullshit. The only thing strong about her are her vagina muscles. When you're tired of those, she ain't got nothing. I don't know, Christian. She may never have had her dick up your ass, but she's always had you by the balls. Kimber plays like she's a bottom, but no matter how beat up she seems, she's always in control. She's like those 300-pound juggernauts in prison. You wanna take her down, you gotta sneak up behind her, and club her over the head before she knows what happened. I'll be outside if you need me. You're not gonna get all squeamish like that in surgery, are you? I need you 100%, Sean. Or what? You'll get a referral, go someplace else? What are you so uptight about, man? I'm doing you a favor by not turning you in, remember? All I want is an operation in exchange for your freedom. You should show a little appreciation for my generosity. Appreciation? Your life could be so much worse right now if I wanted it to be. You have no idea what my life is right now. Poor baby. Did someone lose your shirt at the dry clean? You think you're the only one with problems? My son just married my partner's ex-girlfriend because he got her pregnant, and I just found out my wife is having an affair. So you go ahead. You tell me how much worse my life could be right now! That pretty wife of yours... What'd you do to her? Sean, if she's stepping out on you, you must've did something to piss her off. You two not bang steady anymore or... You bang someone else and she find out? I knew it. I knew it. You don't know what happened. Yeah, but I know what you need to do now. Kill the man she slept with, right? Come on. What do you think I am, Sean, an animal? All I was gonna tell you was to go home, confess what you did, beg for forgiveness, and then bang your wife like you've never banged her before, man. See, a real man takes responsibility for his action. He stands up to his mistake. Hell, I'd be proud if my son married the girl he knocked up. I'm not like you. My wife finds out what I did, she'll leave. If she screwed around, you're both on even ground. You got a good chance to save your marriage. You keep trying to live a lie, bad shit happens. I'm living proof. - Feel my finger. - Thank you. - Feel my finger. - Thank you. I think it's working. I had awful morning sickness with Matt, and the only thing that would make me better was a Coke and a bag of Twizzlers. We believe that any pain in the body is caused by a lack of communication with the area. Touch assist allows us to reconnect. - Shall we continue? - Please. So, my baby's reactive mind will record anything that's said during the birth? Any words. Even "push" or "you're doing great" implant themselves in the infant's brain and affect his emotional well-being for the rest of his life. That's what a silent birth is all about. I hear that Kelly Preston gave birth to both of her children silently. Who's Kelly Preston? Honey, will you go get me a glass of water? Yeah. He's preclear. Well, you know, I hope you're planning on getting an epidural, Kimber, because, you know, while Kelly Preston may have a very high tolerance for pain, there is not one woman I know who can get through natural childbirth without saying anything. Well, I'm not taking any drugs. The Church doesn't prohibit it, but they do feel that a drugless delivery is best for the child in terms of development. - Can I say "ouch"? - We prefer if you just moaned. Okay. What about "ow"? More like... Thank you. This is flat water, Matt. I need sparkling water for my stomach. Oh, I'm sorry. You should be sorry. How am I supposed to feel comfortable with you caring for our child when you can't get a glass of water right? Jesus. - Hey. - Hey. Listen, I really appreciate you coming over here for this, Mom. - Yeah. - I mean, to tell you the truth, I'm scared shitless and I'm gonna really need you to lean on. I just want you to be happy, Matty. Yeah, I am. Really? I'm not gonna defend the Church to you, too, Mom. No. The Church, I can handle. It's your relationship with Kimber that worries me. You need a partnership to raise a child. What, like you and Dad were always partners? No. We always respected each other. Kimber and I, we're just working out the kinks. Christ, we've only been married for a couple of days. Sweetheart, these were meant to be the easy weeks. I just don't want you to be blinded by lust. Thanks. Julia, Matt and I are in love. And I understand that becoming a grandmother brings up complicated feelings, but please don't make that our problem. My 18-year-old son is having a child with a woman who happens to have slept with both of his fathers. There is nothing complicated about my feelings. - Mom... - I'm gonna handle this, Matt. This is what I'm talking about. A silent childbirth is just the beginning. You want a silent marriage, too? Now is not a good time, Christian. Hey. - What are you doing here? - Leaving. Well, don't eat anything past 9:00. I got you scheduled for surgery first thing in the morning. - Are you serious? - I'm serious. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! Well, I can't have my grandson drinking silicone-tasting milk, now, can I? Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for doing that. I didn't have time after the last coat. You did a nice job. I think it was the right thing to do. Get a fresh start. There's something that we need to talk about, Julia. Let me be the one to say it, Sean. Marlowe and I had an affair. He told me you went and confronted him about it. And I feel you've known for a long time, and I don't want to cover it up anymore. - You're admitting you had an affair? - I'm sorry. It's just that, you know, with everything that's happened, with Conor and Matt getting married, I just can't keep these lies down anymore. Why would you? With him? Because he accepted Conor before he was even born and all you wanted to do was change him! How many times did you have sex with him? - Oh! God, Sean! - Did he make you come? - Yes, he did! - How did you do it, the sex? - Missionary? Doggie-style? - Stop it! This is hurtful. The truth is hurtful, Julia! That's why we haven't been honest all these months. Maybe the truth is all that's left in this marriage. Maybe the truth is we should never have gotten back together. Well, then how are those details going to help now? Because it's the only honest conversation we can have right now, and I am entitled to an answer! - Was his size an issue? - No. And I made him wear a condom, and it was tender and beautiful. Do you hate me more now? No. No. I forgive you. And you're right. The only way we can get through this is complete honesty. There's nothing left for us at this point. You know what worries me? If we still love each other, then why is it that all we do is hurt each other? - Saying your goodbyes? - I'm gonna miss them. But I guess my body doesn't belong to me anymore, right? What's that? This is a sonogram, so that we can monitor the fetal heartbeat. Make sure that the baby's okay during surgery. That's thoughtful of you, Christian, but you're operating on my breasts. - Why do I need to be numb below them? - Good question. When you operate on the woman who's carrying your grandchild, Linda, then you can have a say in what's going on. The epidural will help slow down the blood flow and it will also help in a speedy recovery. - Wanna see your baby? - Yeah. - I assume you don't plan on watching. - No. - Feel that? - No. Good. 10-blade. Not yet. - What are you doing, Dr. Troy? - It's my baby. I know it. I just need proof. This is a very sensitive procedure. I'd hate to see Kimber flinch. I'm gonna tell her once she gets out of here. You can do whatever the hell you want. I don't give a damn. Hey. She's fine. Thank you so much, Christian. Look, I know you don't approve of any of this, but I want you to know that I'm committed to being a good husband and a good father, and I'm just counting on you for your support. You know what a good husband and father does? He pays the bills. He sets an example. You're a loser, Matty. This is the latest and greatest in a long line of loser choices. How can you say that to me after my wife's just had surgery? Your wife is a whore who married you to piss me off! Now, why don't you do something to finally make me proud and dump the bitch? Huh? Why, so you can have her for yourself? Look, Kimber and that baby are the only thing in my life that you can't take... Don't be so naive, Matt. That baby belongs to me. - And I plan on proving it. - What the hell is that? This is DNA taken from your wife's uterus. This will show us who the real daddy is. Wait a minute. And she gave you permission to take that? - No. - Man, I can't believe this. You endanger the life of my wife and my baby, and you're telling me about setting an example? - What's this? - Nothing! Just a little father-son chat. What a handsome devil. Unfortunately, the severity of your burns is gonna require that we use extensive grafts. - Extensive what? - Donated skin. The cultured tissue we're putting on your face is grown in the lab from your own cells. We can't have you any closer. This is a sterile environment. Please wait outside. Now, once we get started, we'll remove all the dead tissue around your face and neck. After that, we will undo the jaw reshaping that was performed three years ago and remove the malar implants as well. - You make it look so simple. - Don't let that fool you. You're never going to look exactly the way that you did. - Burn victims rarely do. - We'll do our best, though. Well, just to make sure that you do, I have a little insurance policy I'm taking out. Hello, boys. Well, I guess this makes sense. The last time you operated was on a dog. Gotta get your feet wet again somehow, huh? Relax, Christian. I'm not touching a scalpel. Just here to make sure you really do what you say you will. And I brought music. Just like I was told. 15-blade. You guys are so good. You think I can get a little sippy water? I'll keep an eye on the patient. Amazing. He's gonna wake up and he'll be the old Escobar again. Back to his old tricks, I suppose, too. What the hell? Everyone! Please step away from the table! Put your guns down! We have oxygen tanks in here. You'll blow us all up. What the hell are you doing, Merrill? What I wanted to do ever since he branded his name on my ass in prison. Kill the monster! How's it feel to be a helpless bitch at the mercy of someone else? If you kill him now, you'll go right back to prison for life. - Is that what you want? - Are you kidding? When everyone inside finds out I killed Escobar Gallardo, I'll be a goddamn king. A goddamn god! I'll finally get the respect I deserve! What's going on? Let go! Get him back under, quick! Let me go! Let me go! Let me go! Let me go! You should've let him cut his throat, Sean. Could've solved all our problems. This is a restricted area. I am the night nurse. I need to change his bandages. It'll look better when the swelling goes down. Maybe one of those telenovelas will finally come calling. They only disrespected him because you killed him, Alejandro. Have a car downstairs in an hour. Then we'll pay a visit to our doctor friends together. I'm going to need copies of all of the paperwork. I know the kid's mine, but I'm going to need hard evidence to convince the mother. I'm happy to give you copies of whatever you want, Dr. Troy, but while there are definite markers to indicate that you are related to the child, according to our testing, you're not the father. Hey. Conor must be going through a growth spurt. He was up five times last night. Did you get any sleep? A little, between 4:00 and 4:30. I sang to him, and then finally, he went down. You haven't lost your touch, have you? I'm gonna jump in the shower. You didn't tell her yet, did you? About having the affair. You didn't follow through. I'm not listening to you anymore. You're not even here. Then you should remember to set the alarm at night. It won't be so easy for me to sneak in. You're a figment of my imagination. You're not really here. You're on your way back to prison. Hey, Sean. You know I've been plotting this operation for months? You know what the hardest part was? It wasn't bribing the guards, blackmailing the warden, or waiting two years in that hole to put this whole thing together. It was lighting my own face on fire. Man, that hurt like a son of a bitch. What are you doing in my house? I just came by to get rid of some evidence. Relax, Sean. I meant the evidence of the crime you committed. Against Sylvio Perez? I told you that if you fix my face, I'd set you free as well, and I meant it. Sean, a man is nothing in this world if he doesn't keep his word, you know? It's when you don't live your life honestly that you get into trouble. Believe me, if there's anything I've learned after being locked up, it's that the truth will set you free, man. I just wanted to thank you, man, for giving me my old self back. It's gonna be okay. Okay. The evidence is in the den. We're even now. I need to report a murder. Yes, at this address. No, we're no longer in any danger. How long? Thank you.