This is gonna cost Christian everything he has if it goes to trial. Would you still stay in business with him? Of course I would. They found the tranquilizer in your apartment, Christian. You need to believe me, Sean. You're free to go. Why? I guess the real carver struck again last night. Half our appointments canceled this week. Right now, we have no surgeries on the books. Jesus. Was this a shark attack? Uterine cancer. I'm not sure we understand, Glenn. 2 days ago, a man came in to retrieve his deceased wife's wedding ring. Normally, possessions are returned before cremation, and his wife's remains had been scheduled a week ago. But since he never received the ring, we checked down here to see if it had accidentally been left behind. And we're glad we did. Thank you. Our crematorium operator, Silas Prine, made this unused storage room his own private hideaway. We discovered 4 bodies, all young women in their twenties to thirties, each one missing a limb, each one scheduled for cremation weeks or even months ago. And then... we found this. So the appendages are from different bodies? It looks as if your crematorium operator has been embalming her for preservation, like they do with cadavers for anatomical study. That's correct. We're just not sure where he learned to do it. Embalming is the mortician's job, not the crematorium operator. Sounds like a lonely job. Prine is the quiet kind. We actually don't know much about him. He's a loner. No family, no relatives we could find. Speaking of family, I assume those of the deceased-- They've all been notified and have agreed to keep it quiet for a substantial settlement while we rectify the situation, which is where you come in. I don't understand. Aren't they all gonna be cremated anyway? We'd be working with necrotic tissue, which would make reconstruction very, very difficult. Only when these bodies are whole can these women finally rest in peace. We just don't do this type of work. It's highly unusual, I know, but I am willing to pay whatever you need. We've had some bad press lately. We're trying to clean up our image. I fully intend on keeping this quiet. If the media ever caught wind of what happened, Easley Mortuaries would never recover. Nobody needs to know. We can come back after our scheduled surgery today, and it should take 3-4 hours tops. Actually, there is one more problem that may cause this to take some time. We can't locate one of the bodies. One of the arms or legs doesn't have an owner? The head. We don't know where the head came from or who it belongs to. And Prine isn't talking. Count back from 10 for me, Mrs. Hansen-tagen. What did you say ? One, two... One, two... Forget it. The next time we get a german tourist as a patient, we might want to make sure that we are able to understand what they're saying before we do any invasive procedures. Neck lipo is neck lipo, Liz, no matter how you say it. Actually, I take that back. In Mrs. Hansen-Tagen's case, it's a reprieve from being confused with a basset hound. And now that our website's been shut down, I doubt we'll have any more international customers anytime soon. I consider it a blessing that Mrs. Hansen-Tagen doesn't know english, actually. She's the last patient on our books-- the only one who hasn't canceled because of the carver accusations. That's not true, Sean. You said no to the job at the mortuary. The money he offered would have gotten us through this dry spell. Right now, we have no choice but to take whatever comes our way. Yes, we do. Especially when the job will hurt our reputation further. And reconstructing dead bodies for cremation won't lead to the sort of clientele I'm interested in having. We need to make money, Sean. I can't afford to do this anymore. My nest egg has been cracked and scrambled. We'll get through this, Christian. We always have before. And I know that after your divorce and buying Julia's half of the house, you're not exactly rolling in it. No, I can't say that I am. So, what are we gonna do? If something doesn't come our way soon, then your high standards are gonna send us all on long vacations. We're just gonna have to make some tough decisions, that's all. So it's been really bad at work, huh? I think Sean blames me for the drop in business. Would you want to be operated on by the guy who was accused of being the carver? Well, I might let you give me some new tits if it'll help with advertising. Though you did save my life when I showed up sick and dying. You look like you're doing ok, Gina. Yeah. You know, I'm ok. My viral load is down. My t-cell count's been really high. I've been going to the gym, eating well. I've even had time to take a real estate class down at the community college. That'll make this a little easier then. I can't pay for your rent or your car lease anymore. That's not funny, asshole. I'll still pay for your prescriptions, but after this month, you're on your own for the rest. I'm sorry. I wish I could continue to help, but-- You asshole. God, I should have known I couldn't count on you. You are a worthless sack of shit! For god sakes, keep your voice down. Why are you being so hostile? Because I was gonna ask you for a loan today. So you're admitting that you irresponsibly blew through all of the money that I've been giving you. Nice. I didn't blow through the money, asshole. I've been saving the leftover pittance, but it isn't enough to make the investment I want to make. That's why I need a goddamn loan. You know, I'm finally about to do something with my life, and you have to pull the rug out from under me! This wasn't alimony, you ungrateful bitch. You should have been thanking me for the money I did give you! I hope your business goes in the shitter and you have to come crawling to me for a job. I'm sure we all can benefit from the new aerobic stretches. Thank you, Mr. Davies of East Bay Gym. Well, next in our wednesday lecture series on health and beauty, please welcome Dr. Sean McNamara, who's come today to talk about the new, exciting developments in plastic surgery. Thank you. As nurse Stevens said, I'm Dr. Sean McNamara and I'm a plastic surgeon. Um... is there anyone here who's had a reconstructive procedure? Yes, ma'am. What have you had done? I had a hip replaced. I see. Well, that's a little different. A hip replacement is done by an orthopedic surgeon. Let me put it to you a different way. Have you ever looked in the mirror and thought, "those crow's feet around my eyes really bother me" or "if I could just get rid of that tire around my midsection, I'd feel 10 years younger"? Well, if you have, uh... if... um... uh... if you have, plastic surgery might be the solution for you. Yes? Isn't this pretty expensive? My daughter's brow lift cost $5,000. Some procedures are more expensive than others, yes, ma'am. But at McNamara/Troy, we will find a payment option to fit the patient's lifestyle. And right now we're offering a special through the end of the year. If you come in for one procedure, the second is only half price. Gina. Well, this is a surprise. Can I come in? Yeah. I can't believe you didn't know I was hiv positive. Christian and I aren't as close as we used to be. I guess you and Sean have other things to talk about. You could say that. Listen, Julia, the reason that I'm here is... there's something I've wanted to tell you. I admire you. Well, I've been working really hard to put my life back together and one of the things that I'm trying to do is surround myself with people I respect. You're at the top of my list. Well, I'm flattered, really, but, god, I'm not sure I deserve to be put on a pedestal. You know, I'm a divorcee with no job, living in a short-term apartment with a 10-year-old and a high schooler who's pretty messed up. But you have dignity. That's something I've always wanted. You know, Christian told me the business was failing. Really? Well, I saw Sean the other day. He didn't say anything. I guess the bad press has been really hard on them. Sean hasn't missed any alimony or child-support payments, has he? No. We just reached a settlement with the house, and he's been really supportive since the divorce. Well, I know Sean would never do anything to hurt his children, but take it from me, Julia. There is a lot to be said for making money with the money you've been given so you're not left vulnerable when the-- when the money tree gets dutch elm disease. Have you thought about how you're going to invest the money from the house? I wish you had called me before you went to Dr. Jordan. Next time, call me first. Ok. You, too. Bye. How's it going? I haven't struck out like this since there was a rumor I had genital warts. You're not alone. I went to Carl Harkness' nursing home yesterday to drum up some business. The last thing those people care about is how they look. What are we gonna do? How's your savings? Savings? What savings? What about you? It's all in here or the house, just like you. And I won't touch Matt and Annie's education funds. Other than that, there's not much left. Hey, can I come in? Yeah, sure. It's pretty obvious that we're struggling right now, and, well, um... I want to do my part to help. Don't tell me. You're finally gonna get that nose job. Not exactly. I'm going to resign. - Liz, you don't have to do this. - Yeah, I do. Everyone knows that you guys have been dipping into your pockets to keep us all employed, and you shouldn't have to. So... I will still be available for surgeries, but other than that, I will be out of my office by the end of the week. It's only temporarily, I promise. You're welcome back whenever you want. Thanks. 9 years we've all been together. Hey... what will we do without you? Yeah. I'm gonna miss you guys, too. How about one last insult for old times' sake, huh? I'll call you when I come up with one. Ok. I can't wait. I'm calling Glenn Easley. If it's still available, we need to take the job at the mortuary. The hotel De La Mer was Miami's most exclusive spot in the twenties. Is that urine? I wouldn't touch anything. What happened to this place? Well, it only has 16 rooms. I guess it couldn't keep up with the big resorts that were being built. I read it was a boarding house for retards till they lost funding and closed down. Now it's just hookers and crackheads who call it home. This place is stunning. I can't believe nobody's rehabbed it. It would make a killer boutique hotel, right? You know, one of those fancy, minimalist places where you barely have a stool to sit on while you drink your $8.00 bottled water? Yeah. Somebody could make a lot of money. Well, why not me? It's not easy running a hotel. Who said run it? I'm just gonna buy it, throw up some walls, splash some paint on it and sell it for twice what I paid. Do you have that kind of money? I know the guy who's handling the foreclosure auction. He said for the right price, I can buy it before anyone else has the chance. The bank will take care of the loan. I just need to come up with the 5% down payment. So? What do you think? You're asking me for the money? I'm only looking for $40,000. You'll get it back in 6 months with interest. It is a good investment, Julia. I have to hand it to you, Gina. I did not see this coming. Hey, when I came to your apartment today, it was because I respect you. That's the truth. This loan, I just-- I think it could benefit both of us, that's all. And if I don't give you the money? One thing I've learned about myself, I can be very resourceful. Well, you deserve the credit for finding this place, but without my money, you have nothing. So I have a proposal for you. I'll be your partner, 50-50, but instead of flipping it, we'll transform it into a surgical recovery spa. A spa? Where the hell did that idea come from? You know, I've been thinking about it for a while, ever since Matt had his operation. They wanted him out of there as soon as possible so they could use his bed for someone else. Patients should get better care than that, don't you think? I don't know anything about running a place like that. Well, you leave that up to me. Now, what you're good at is getting people to do things for you, and I know what a huge asset that can be. So tell me a little more about this recovery spa idea. Let me introduce De La Mer, an exclusive oasis where recovering surgical patients can recuperate in style while they embark on a journey of personal renewal. With all the amenities of a 5-star resort, including skin care, massage, water treatments, and full-body wellness, De La Mer offers guests the opportunity to refresh their minds, spirits, and souls while their bodies heal. De La Mer will cater to a clientele that often recuperates from surgical procedures in the Caribbean or Europe. What we will provide is an alternative. We will package hospital stays and recovery vacations together. One-stop shopping if you will. After arrival, our guests will check into the spa before their procedure, perhaps enjoying a gourmet meal from our kitchen, a bath or a swim in the pool to relax and get comfortable. When the time comes, we will deliver them to your offices for any pre-op appointments and the surgery itself. Even with only 50% occupancy, De La Mer has set up a revenue structure that will reach a profit by the end of fiscal year 3. Surgical vacations is a growth industry, gentlemen, and packaging your services and ours will ensure that McNamara/Troy stays at the leading edge of quality patient care. Well, you guys have put a lot of work into this. I just don't see what you bring to the business, Gina. Happy endings for anybody who jumps on the massage table? I found the place, asshole. Yes, and you swindled Julia into joining you in this suckhole. This is a solid proposal, Christian. Well, I, for one, think that we should find a way to get involved. Well, nobody asked your opinion, and you don't get a vote. Julia, you don't have experience with anything like this. It's a lot of hard work. And I hate to mention it, but you've dropped out of med school twice. To look after our young child so that you could pursue your dream of becoming a doctor. Well, this is my dream, Sean, and I am not about to let it pass me by. Julia. We know that McNamara/Troy is having problems bringing in patients right now, but sometimes to make money, you have to spend money. I'm sorry. We can't help you in your venture. I told you we shouldn't have come here, Julia. De La Mer is happening with or without your involvement, Sean. Let's go, Gina. Sean. Quentin. Scumbag. Looks like Frankengina Vagenstein's been holding out on us. What is that? A sex toy? Well, it's not a thai spring roll. What? You're surprised? I just thought he was practicing his surgical technique. Why doesn't this haunt you? Because they're dead. They don't feel anything. Look, it's a terrible, horrible thing that this sicko did, but this is just rotting flesh. They're not people anymore. And if they ever had a soul or a spirit or whatever that is, it's not here. They're gone. I'm sorry, but I see people here. They lived their lives and they died too young, and they deserve respect and dignity. Sorry to interrupt your work, but the police have had a breakthrough on Prine. He heard that some plastic surgeons were dismantling his work, and he feels you're kindred spirits. He'll only reveal the identity of the head to one of you. I just got off the phone with Sunset Marble and Tile. I think I'm gonna get us the travertine at cost. That's great. That'll save us almost $1,100. Yep. I've been very impressed by your negotiating skills, Gina. Well, you know, catch more bees with honey. I gotta run. I'm meeting the landscape architect, but I will be back for the concrete delivery at 3:00. Ok. Yeah. I've got 30 yards of concrete for Gina Russo. Ok. Well, you're a little early, but I'll go get the contractor. My boss said I'd get paid first. I'll get my checkbook. I was also hoping for a hot lunch. A hot lunch? Yeah. All the guys at the plant wanted to make this delivery when they heard about the pretty lady who put in the order. I won the pool. I'm sorry, but the kitchen isn't finished yet. I'd be happy with a tossed salad. You know what? How about just the bill. Ok. But then I can't give you the promised discount. You know what? That's fine. You can put it around back. Thank you so much for coming, Dr. McNamara. Uh... please have a seat. I appreciate you coming. I'm sorry we couldn't have met under different circumstances. Did the warden give you any problems? 'Cause I find him to be quite moody. What is it that you want from me, Mr. Prine? No--please call me Silas. Perhaps I can call you Sean. No. I prefer Dr. McNamara. You have earned that title, haven't you? I didn't come here to chat. Oh, yes, you did, Dr. McNamara. If you want any information out of me at all, you have to chat with me for quite some time. These are my rules. You know, I have to say, I was very impressed to hear that such an esteemed plastic surgeon would be the one disassembling my handiwork. I-- may I ask your professional opinion? What did you, uh-- what did you think of her? I found the work to be quite crude. Yes. Um... ahem! I'm gonna have to agree. I had only the most rudimentary tools at my disposal. You're a very sick man. You need help. I suppose. Maybe you could be the one who can give it to me. There's not much I can do. You'd think so, wouldn't you? But, you know, the fact is that, um, I'll be free in about 5 or 10 years. I'm not--I didn't kill anybody and I'm only 38, so I've got a lot of life ahead of me. So then, how can I help you? I want you to save her head. She, um... she's very special to me... and I want to be with her when I'm released. She, um... she wanted to be cremated. I just can't let that happen. I mean, it's just an awful thing to do to people, cremate them. I mean, I should know. I've seen half-melted bodies that need to be repositioned in order to fully burn, their skin scorched off, their abdomens distended like balloons. Her head is decomposing. In 5 to 10 years, it'll be nothing but a brittle skull. Haven't you heard of cryonics? It's too late for her. Cryonics requires that the body be frozen right after death. Science can't save her. Yeah? What if you're wrong? What if medicine does advance to the extent that she could be returned to me? I mean, what have I got to lose? I love her. She is all I have... and I will do everything possible to try to save her. And--and... who are you to try and stop me? I mean, really, Dr. McNamara? Isn't what you do pretty much the same thing? I mean, isn't plastic surgery just giving people the opportunity to put off their decay? I think what I do is make people feel better about themselves. Ok. Then just think of her as another patient. She wants to feel better about herself, too... by living again. If I agree to do this, will you tell me who she is? Of course. Her name is Laura... and she's my sister. Yeah. Right. I'll see you later. I need to speak with you, Gina. I'll see you later, Carlito. I know what's going on, Gina. This is a business, and bartering with sexual favors is unprofessional, illegal, and with your hiv, extremely dangerous. I have not endangered anyone's life, I haven't slept with anyone, and I've been very careful to protect myself. It's still not a way to run a company! I have worked too hard to be undermined like this. Julia, I didn't tell you about this because I-- You didn't tell me about this because you knew I wouldn't agree with it! Oh, but you agree with the money I've been saving, right? When people give you discounts, they expect something in return. You're still not getting it, Gina. It is difficult enough being a woman in the professional world. What you're doing makes it even harder. It cheapens us. You told me that I was good at convincing people to do things. That's what I'm doing! But you're better than this, Gina. Now, I wanted you as a partner because you're ambitious, because you can stand up for yourself, because you're smart! Not because you can get a man to sleep with you. Now, look. We both want to do what it takes to be successful, and I just want to make sure that when we get there, there aren't any raised eyebrows. I don't want anyone to be able to say that we don't deserve it. I'll go see how the electrician's doing. - Hi. - Hey. A package for you came to the house. I thought I'd bring it by, see how it's going. Looks like things are moving full steam ahead. Yeah. We're right on schedule. I have to say, Jules, I'm impressed. You're really making this happen. Congratulations. Yeah. Well, thanks for bringing this by, but if you don't mind, I have work to do. I was actually hoping we could talk. I wanted to apologize for how we treated you the other day. We've really taken a hit since these carver accusations, and after the divorce settlement, there just isn't enough money to invest in your spa. I should have told you about my situation earlier, I know. I haven't handled this well. I just wanted you to know I'm still on your side. Well, that's funny, because you and Christian couldn't have made it more clear that you didn't believe in me. Look, the truth is, Sean, I am tired of destroying and resuscitating our relationship over and over again. I don't need you on my side anymore. All you are to me anymore is a parent to Matt and Annie. Nothing else. Liz, where you going? Didn't Christian tell you? We took the job at the mortuary. We don't have to worry about money for at least 3 months. I did tell her, Sean. Apparently, it's too late. I'm sorry, Sean, but I have taken another job. Where? Julia's spa. Why do they need an anesthesiologist at a recovery spa? I'm more than just an anesthesiologist, Sean. Julia hired me to be their general practitioner. What if it doesn't work out? What if they run out of money? You expect us just to take you in again? I believe in Julia, Sean. She is very smart. I think De La Mer has the potential to really help people. You don't think we're helping people? I guess I am just tired of putting them to sleep. Tell me what you don't like about yourself, Mrs. Ogilvie? Well, after seeing Dr. McNamara's presentation, I thought it would be really nice to regain some of that hop in my step. And what exactly do you have in mind? I think I want a face lift. Great. You'll feel 25 years younger. Not 25. I don't want my daughter thinking I'm competing with her. Ha ha ha. Never feel guilty for being beautiful, Mrs. Ogilvie. And while you're here, why don't we work on a few other things? Perhaps remove the bags under your eyes, flatten your tummy a little? Well, Dr. McNamara did say that the second operation would be half-price. That's right. So, I think we have an opening coming up-- Mrs. Ogilvie, let's take a step back and think clearly for a moment. For someone your age, these operations can be very dangerous. But you said more senior citizens were having plastic surgery. You're right, I did. And I should not have encouraged you. I'm afraid you're wasting your time. You're old, Mrs. Ogilvie. Your skin has very little elasticity. A face lift will pull it so tight, you'd have difficulty smiling, frowning, raising your eyebrows. It would mask the real you. You'll be fine. We'll take very good care of you here, I promise. Well, I think I want the operations later today. Great. 15 blade. Scissors. Shit, it's ripping. It's all right. It'll be excess when we pull the dermis tight. I'll have to go a little deeper. Be careful. I can't go any deeper. It's too delicate. I don't think this is gonna work. If we have to, we can grab some skin from her thigh. Her entire face is gonna be like this. The skin is just too thin. She's too old. What are you doing? I'm sorry, Christian. I can't do this anymore. It's all right. I'll finish up, and we can talk about it tomorrow. There's not gonna be a tomorrow for us! Quentin is an excellent surgeon. I'm sure you two will get along just fine. What's that supposed to mean? You can't just quit. We have a goddamn patient on the table! I saw Silas Prine today. The head belongs to his sister. He was screwing his sister. Jesus. Her name was Laura. She died in a car accident 4 years ago. Prine buried the body in the woods by his house, but not before he decapitated her first and kept the head for himself. Did you tell the police who she was? They found her body this afternoon, but to get her identity, I had to tell Prine I'd keep her head safe until he was released... so he could be with her again. He said I was like him. He wasn't wrong. Look at her. She's practically a corpse. We can't perform plastic surgery on her. She needs a feeding tube, not a face lift! Christian, I keep trying to put the pieces of my life together, to repair what's broken, Julia, Matt, this business. I can't. Everything I cared about at one time is dead. It's time I just stopped fighting the inevitable, let it all rot. What are you gonna do?