- Isn't that clever ? - My looks were his bait. Repair another one of my masterpieces again, and the next time, I'll kill you. We found this next to the carved face of a teenage girl. It's a dare. Her parents asked for me specifically. Her parents don't know that he's threatened to kill you if you correct his work. Make sure you lock this door. Beauty is a curse on the world. Excuse me, sir. No, it's ok. - It's ok. - Come on. Are you ready for this, doctor ? Yeah. All right. Come on. Give us a minute, people. Back up. That's him. That's... that's Christian. Christian... was complicated. But to me, he was family. He was so beautiful and not just on the outside. I wish he could have known that. He's the only straight man I ever met who was arrogant enough to think that he could convert me. Sometimes, I hated the guy. But most of the time, I loved him. I loved him. I loved him. My first memory was asking my mother for a brother. I finally got one when I was 18. His name was Christian Troy, and I loved him. Christian was flawed, but he lived. I just want to go to work and see his blinding smile and tell him how hard it's gonna be for me to see a future without him. I just... I want to talk to my brother. I want... And that's when I wake up. How many times have you had this dream ? Every couple of nights since the attack. What do you think it's about ? Don't you get it ? I'm stuck. Even in my dreams, at my own goddamn funeral, I can't move on. I'm in limbo. Some swank limbo, Christian. $20,000 a month beach house rental. Kimber coming by with a hot meal every night. I won't go back there. It took me a month before I could shower in my bathroom. You know how I got over it ? I went back to work. I started living my life again. I can't just wash away what happened to me in the scrub room, Sean. I'm not like you. I feel things. He's out there, and he's gonna keep terrorizing people until they catch him. He owns us now. Remember my eulogy in your nightmare ? If you believe in jungian analysis, we're every character in dreams. My voice in your dream is a part of you trying to help yourself through this. I wanted to talk to you at that gravesite, which means you need to talk to me. I'm your brother, remember ? He raped me. You're a very clever boy. Hey, is it too much about me ? We can change that. Don't. Um, what's up ? I don't know. Maybe revisiting this relationship wasn't such a good idea. Why not ? I don't want anything from you. We're just having fun. That's not the point, Julia. We've been crazy about each other for 2 years now. It's time to step things up. We're past the getting to know you phase. Slow down. You know I've been married for 17 years. You're still married, Julia ! And it's time to make a decision. Shit or get off the pot. You know, I preferred you with your fake british accent. At least you sounded more polite. Dr. Troy, this is Detective Kit McGraw of Miami Dade Vice. By now, you're familiar with my voice because this is the fourth message I've left. You have my number. Call me back, or face a subpoena. 15 blade. Christ, it's everywhere. How could she let this go so long ? On her patient form, she said she noticed the silicone leaking out of her milk ducts 3 years ago. I guess she felt that ignoring the problem was the only way to deal with it. One down. One to go. Oh, Sean, this took too long. She's been under for 5 hours already. I can remove the left implant tomorrow morning. Mrs. Meyer's Featherlift is at 8:00. We have already rescheduled her twice. Christian can take care of Mrs. Meyers. If he shows up. - This was a 2-surgeon job, Sean. -  He'll be here ! I guess sometimes ignoring the problem feels like the only way to deal with it. I insisted on this music. I was thinking about you when I directed it. The reviews have been awesome. Rollins and Shank gave it 4 cocks up. And one cock down. I'm sorry. It's not your movie, Kimber. Really, I'm very impressed. I'm just... I'm just not available right now. No, you're not. Look, I feel bad about what you went through. I really do. And I have tried to be patient, but I can't pretend like I don't miss it, miss you. I'm tired of masturbating myself to sleep at night. - I... - Marry me. I want a divorce. It's time, sean, for both of us. What's the rush ? We've been separated for almost a year now. Why are you doing this ? This just seems so... Totally out of the blue. It's just not what I expected, you know ? How can you say you want to get married when only a moment ago, you said you weren't available ? Maybe I need to open up. You're the one who's here, who's always been here. You're the one I can count on. - I think we should... - Just do it. I don't want to delay the rest of my life. I need to move on. I need to know that I can. I thought things were getting better. Civility isn't necessarily repair. I'm not signing this. No. - No. - No ? That's your response ? You didn't even leave the couch when you asked me. You didn't even get down on one knee. Will you marry me ? Do you know how many times I fantasized about hearing you ask me that ? Good. Then let's set a date and do it. And what kills me the most is that I didn't even hear the words "I love you." I love you, julia, and I know you love me. I do love you. I have loved you since the first day I met you. Then let's work on this. Let's not give up. No. We have been working on this for 17 years. And we have to face the fact that even though we do love each other, there is a fundamental piece of this marriage that just doesn't work anymore. Now please just sign the papers. - I can't. - I just can't, Christian. I can't be that person that you settle for because you're tired and depressed. I'm not ready to call it a day. I'm not ready to come die with you. I'm not giving up on us, Julia. But I have, Sean. You were sleeping when you were attacked, correct ? Yes. He drugged you, paralyzed you ? Yes. And then he cut you ? You read the report, Detective McGraw. I've already given my statement. Not to me, Dr. Troy. I've just arrived from Jack the ripper's London. It seems the mayor of Miami doesn't like the plummeting tourist rates that come with a terrorizing maniac on the loose, so he brought me in to hook the elusive marlin that the local yahoos can't seem to catch. So your specialty is sexual predators ? My specialty is catching them. This is my case now, Dr. Troy. I would appreciate your cooperation. I'm more conversationally inclined after a couple of drinks. I don't drink. I like recovering alcoholics, too. In my experience, when a person gives up one vice, they usually overcompensate with others. And in my experience, Dr. Troy, when a man keeps evading me with bullshit come-ons, he's either tragically insecure or hung like a toddler. I assure you, Ms. McGraw, it's neither. After you were cut, what happened ? - Did he rape you ? - No. The first officer on the scene noted in his report that you had wet hair. You took a shower before the police arrived ? I cleaned and dressed my own wounds. I'm a doctor, remember ? Why would you be so careless and selfish as to wash away fiber evidence that could stop others from going through the pain you've experienced ? And why is it, Ms. Mcgraw, that I am the one who's been violated, and yet you are making me feel like the perpetrator ? Violated as in slashed or penetrated ? Are we done ? For now. Not exactly the welcome back I was expecting. Maybe because I was expecting you in surgery at 8:00 this morning. I was being interviewed by a detective. Sorry. You need to ease back in. I get it. I support it. Whatever you need. Don't patronize me. Look, I don't know if I'm ready to officially be back yet. I just wanted to see how it felt first. You want me to tell you how it feels for me ? It feels unmanageable now, Christian. I just had to move 5 appointments to next week, not to mention the overtime that I'm putting in already. You may be stuck where you are, but the business isn't. I'm thinking about calling Quentin Costa, see if he can come down from Atlanta and pick up some of the slack. I miss one surgery, and you want to replace me ? It hasn't been one surgery. Look, I'm not ready to come back yet. What's wrong with that ? You just said, "whatever you need." I didn't give up 2 decades of my life to build a business just to turn into some divorced doctor who's stuck with no life, working 80 hours a week because his partner decides he doesn't want to come in anymore. Something's gotta change. If you can't, the business has to. Divorced ? When did this happen ? Oh, Julia just presented me with papers. But you know what ? I'm not gonna sign 'em. She loves me. I love her. I'm gonna prove to her that we work. Julia wants to move on with her life. Why can't you ? We're not talking about my marriage. This is about my partnership with you. So what you're saying is it's all about you. Oh, come on. You weren't the only one who was attacked. I never would have been attacked if it weren't for you. Are you blaming me for what happened ? You're the one who had to do the pro bono work on his other victims. You're the one who's stuck, Sean. You haven't dealt with your life at all. Right now, I may not be able to move in this world, but you won't even look at it. Sean, Detective Fischman's holding on line one. He says it's an emergency. Welcome back. Congratulations, Sean. Another carver victim awaits. And you running out to save the day is just what he wants. Pump some fresh air in here ! And no one inside without a mask and menthol. - Doctor, thanks for coming out. - What is going on in there ? You find another carver victim ? Worse. Come on. They could smell her 3 doors down. We responded to a 911 call about a possible heart attack and found this. Do you know how it ought to be run ? With a piece of rubber hose. Break 'em in two if they talk out of turn. Anyone who doesn't tow the mark sits in solitary for one month, bread and water. One funny move from a girl, and I'd clip every hair off of her head. That's the way it used to be run, and that's the way it ought to be run. Just like they're a bunch of animals in a cage. Why didn't you take this woman directly to the hospital ? We tried moving her. I had a special wide-body ambulance out front, but every time we budged her an inch, she started screaming. Why call me ? She was screaming holy hell about her skin. You're the only guy I know in the skin trade. Mrs. Boone, this is Dr. Sean McNamara. He's here to help you. Hello, Mrs. Boone. Anyone ever tell you you look like Damon on guiding light ? Is that a good thing ? Then thank you, Mrs. Boone. Call me Momma. Everybody does. How you feeling today, Momma ? I'm fine. I told Denny not to call the 911. He was all worried about my breathing, but I'm all right. I don't need this. Can you make them stop looking, please ? Can you guys give us a moment of privacy here ? - Back off. - Thanks. All right. How long you been like this, Momma ? Since 2002. You've been on this couch for 3 years ? It's my sciatica. Every step I took was like a fire in my back. The doctor at the hmo said to lie down, and the pain went away, until I got up again. So I just stayed. I got the tivo so I could see all my stories. Could you lean forward for me for a second ? No. There are anti-inflammatory medications you could've taken for your back. I know there are things I could've done, ok ? You ain't the first to tell me. Denny... that's my husband... he tried to get me to go to another doctor a few years back, but I'd gotten pretty big, and you know how people get out there when you're big. What about food ? Denny comes around every weeks or so. He cashes my disability checks for me, and he brings me whatever I want. Denny's my lifeline. He got me the tivo. What about personal needs, going to the bathroom ? I'd rather not talk about that. That's fine. I'm just gonna examine your skin, Momma. Might hurt a little for a second. You're doing great. Just one more second, ok ? I'm gonna be right back, ok ? I need to get her to the hospital. Her exposed skin has grafted itself to the couch. How is that even possible ? She's been lying in her own waste in this humid air for 3 years. Bacteria can live exposed for years on synthetic fibers. That, coupled with the moisture from her bodily fluids and her extreme weight, caused her to literally fuse with the fibers in that couch. The compression of her nerve endings is the only thing keeping her from passing out from the pain, and we have to move her fast. What, after 3 years, all of a sudden there's a rush ? This woman has sepsis and severe deep vein thrombosis. Any one of a dozen clots in her legs could travel toward her lungs and kill her. I need to get her legs moving, and the only way to do that is to get her off that couch. How ? There's not a door big enough to get her and the couch through. Then take this wall out. - Don't make me go out there. - Over here. You're gonna be fine. I'm gonna be right here with you. I need you to relax. Are the people out there gonna see me like this ?! Um...listen, do you have some kind of tarp or something ? Yeah. I think I got something. It's gonna be ok. We're gonna get you something. How we doin' ? You guys ready ? All right, let's get her out of here. Ok, guys, give me the poles over here. Hello ? Your 4:00 ass lift is prepped and on the table, Sean. Where are you ? Oh, shit. I've run into an emergency out in the field. Um, stall. I am staring at an extremely anxious patient whose bare behind is saying, "how do you do", to the ceiling, and you want me to stall ? Where's Dr. Sean ?! Where's Dr. Sean ?! So page Christian. Have him start. I'll fly in to finish. No, please. I don't like driving. I want Denny. Denny always holds my hand in the car. Where's Denny ? I'll ride with you, Momma, and then your husband can meet us at the hospital, ok ? - She's stabilized. - Let's roll. - It's gonna be ok. - Thank you. There was traffic. Sorry. You live 10 minutes from here. I paged you an hour ago. Just tell the patient I'll be in in a minute. The patient left half an hour ago. Dr. Troy. I, uh... I wanted to formally accept. I'm sorry. Accept what ? A partnership in McNamara/Troy. I got Sean's call last week. He said that the lawyers were drafting the contracts. This... this is for you. Listen, Quentin, I don't know what sean told you, but I never agreed to take on someone new, let alone a partner. Well, this is awkward, isn't it ? I put my house in Atlanta on the market this morning. Well, you'll have to take it back off the market. Sorry. It can't be easy to just... bounce back from what you've been through. Let me take a look at it. Come on, I just bought you a drink, baby. The least you could do is let me see it. May I ? You really should have this taken care of, Christian, before a wicked keloid pops up. I'll tell you what. Sign me up as your partner, and I'll take care of it, gratis. You think you're a better surgeon than Sean ? I think I could make both of your lives a lot easier... and bring in some delightful additional income. Save the hard sell, Quentin. This is between me and Sean. Thank god. You're quitting. Where's sean ? Dade county memorial. Why ? What the hell are you doing ? Good. I could use an extra pair of hands. Liz, the patient's being prepped in room 2. - Ok. Will do. - I'm not helping you. Then why are you here ? Quentin Costa paid me a little visit about an hour ago. He claims that you offered him a partnership. He's right. Our lawyer drew up a 6 month contract. Without consulting me ? You haven't been available, professionally or personally. We are not taking on another partner. End of argument. You wanna prove to me that we don't need another partner... that you're back in the game ? Then glove up. And the one under that, please. A resuscitation form. In the event you stop breathing during the surgery, you could require artificial breathing assistance. You check "yes" if you want that assistance. That's all of it. We're gonna give you a few injections of a local anesthetic to numb the areas of your skin we need to work on. You shouldn't feel any pain once the drugs kick in. Why can't you just put me to sleep ? Because of your position and sepsis, we can't put you to sleep, Momma. We can't insert a breathing tube in this position. Haven't I gotten you this far ? Then relax. We are gonna take very good care of you. All right, but be quick. I don't like needles. You ready ? That's all we can expose her to for now. Well, we've got at least 20 to go. An O.D. Of xylocaine can cause a fatal heart arrhythmia. In her condition, we're pushin' our luck with half of what we've already injected. We're just gonna have to work on her in pieces, then. Why don't you step... step. - That's... that's my wife. - I understand that... How long till the anesthesia kicks in ? Enough for half a smoke. - You can't do this to me. - Step away from the window here, all right ? - She's my wife, goddamn it, all right ? - All right, all right, all right. I'm Dr. Mcnamara. I'll be performing her surgery. I'm Denny Boone. I just wanna see her before you put her under. Give us a minute ? Mr. Boone, I can't let you see your wife right now. We've gotta keep her as calm as possible until we've finished the procedure. Anything that causes a spike in her blood pressure could kill her. You are telling me that I can't see my own wife before she undergoes life-threatening surgery ? I'm telling you that your presence might be more dangerous to her than the surgery itself. Bullshit. I got conjugal rights. Did those rights extend to keeping her chained to that couch and feeding her like a veal calf ? You might as well have been pouring gasoline down her throat. I just gave her what she asked me. Oh, bullshit. Keeping her in that house let you control her. If you had loved her at all, you would've gotten her help. Don't you dare challenge my love for that woman. She may not look like much to you and your south beach kind, doctor, but to me she is uma in kill bill. Now, screw you. I'm goin' in there. Don't you hurt me, man. They should bring you up on charges of criminal negligence. The only thing you can charge me with is lovin' Momma too much. And you show it by enabling her sickness ? You think I didn't want her to lose weight ? You try gettin' somebody to do something that they don't wanna do. It's like serving them a sandwich made of shit. They may eat it, but they ain't gonna like you or it afterwards. What happened to all your good china ? Uh, they're at home... uh, I mean, at sean's. Uh... - there's no room for them here. - Exactly. And unless you get a decent settlement, you'll never be able to afford a decent house so you can live with... China mugs ? Your china mugs, yes. Mother, you really didn't need to make the trip down here to support me. I'm a big girl now. I didn't come down here to hold your hand. I came to force it. Here. What are these ? Worksheets. I stopped off at Coral's before I came. God. Coral Langston Stein ? She's a barracuda. I know. She makes jaws look like a goldfish, but she's the best divorce lawyer in Manhattan. I gave her some of the preliminaries. Sean didn't assault me. He threw you against the refrigerator and put his hands around your throat. Or was he measuring you for a necklace ? I'd just told him that Matt wasn't his. He reacted. He certainly did. Adultery ? - It's true, isn't it ? - Ohh. You have no right. Mother, thank you, but I'll hire my own lawyer. Fine. Then you pay for it. I'm sure Sean will be more than happy to loan you the money so you can take half his practice. Or do you think those gals with the night school degrees down at women's legal aid can pull that off ? I don't want half of Sean's practice. - This isn't what this is about. - Well, it should be. You have it coming to you. Your mcats were higher than his. You were way ahead of him at school. Why should he become a rich plastic surgeon while you wind up... A what ? Tell me, mother. A total dependent. It's your turn, Julia. Let him support your dreams this time. He's the one whose kept you down all these years, preventing you from reaching your potential. Now he has to pay for that. She's ready. You're gonna be ok, Momma. We're gonna start on your legs here, and if you feel anything, you let us know, all right ? Can you hold my hand, like on the truck ? I'm scared. I'm sorry. I can't. I need total mobility to get you off this couch. Scalpel ? Pulse irrigator ? Necrotizing fasciitis ? Grade 4 to the bone is my guess. Let's get a culture. Can you feel that ? What's this fasitis business you're talking about ? Is that gangrene ? Are you gonna have to take my leg off ? If the infection can't be treated, yes. But how am I supposed to get off this couch if I can't even walk ? Momma, would you like to see your husband ? Denny's here ? I can bring him in to hold your hand, if that would help you get through this. No. I don't want him to see me without my face on. Will I do ? Go slow, please. Nice manicure. I did it myself. I had to find some way to keep my pride up, you know ? That was my dream at one point, to be a manicurist in some fancy salon. My daughter used to say, "Momma, you could get paid for this work, yes, you could." You have a daughter ? June. She used to come over once a week, and we'd talk, watch a program or something. She'd try and clean me up with a little bowl of water and a sponge. I miss her. I really miss her. How long has it been since you've seen her ? Around a year. June stopped coming 'cause she got so damn mad at me. Said she couldn't bear seeing me like this anymore, that she couldn't take it, offering help and support and me not taking it. Why didn't you try getting off the couch, Momma ? Well, you know, I'm a neat freak. I've always run a clean house. Have you ever tried 409, with the grease cutters ? It's the best. Sometimes I'd look around my place, and there was just so much to do. I'd get to thinking about all the dustin' and scrubbin' the walls down with the 409... and I'd just feel exhausted. I got so tired planning all the work that had to be done. So I'd say to myself, "tomorrow, Momma. Tomorrow when you get your strength back, it'll be scrub day. Tomorrow you will get up and do something." And tomorrow would come, and you'd...still feel exhausted. Right. That's right. You're doing great, Momma. Hang in there. I can't do it anymore. Yes, you can. We're half done. And then what ? Don't you have to fix the skin ? When we're done with the surgery, we'll give you a couple of days to rebuild your strength, and then we'll do some grafting, yes. Did you get an infection grade on that sample ? I've done all I can do today. Liz ? We'll be right back, Momma. Well, I say we give her a minute. I'll keep talking to her, distracting her. Then we'll start working on the second leg. Maybe we can save that one. No. She's losing too much blood. Look at her pressure. - I could give her some Dopamine... - No. We'll wrap the freed leg today, stabilize her, do the second one tomorrow. And then we'll do the right tricep on friday and the left on sunday. She isn't Julia, Sean. The separation can't go on forever. Her fear of action is worse than the actual pain, Sean. Let's keep going. Anita, get me the paddles. Charge paddles 200 joules. She signed "no resuscitation" on her form. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil for thou art with me all the day of my life ; and I will dwell in the house of the lord forever." I'm june. Momma was... my Momma. I know some of you might think, "what kind of daughter'd let her own Momma wind up like she done ?" But it was Momma that made me promise to leave. I think about you every day, Momma. You were trapped under the weight of your own fear, and nothing was gonna save you. All you could do was find it in your heart to free me. And that you done. And I thank you for it. Rest now. I just wanted to thank you for everything you did for Momma. I'm sorry. I wish we could've saved her. No, I meant paying for the burial. You're welcome. I mean the first thing I thought about after they told me that Momma had passed was, "how the hell am I gonna afford to put her in the ground ?" They told me I'd need a metal box 'cause she'd fall through the wooden one and I'd have to pay for 2 cemetery plots. 3. 3. Damn. What's a person with no money supposed to do ? I mean...you gotta be rich just to die. Hire Quentin. I don't know if it's the right move or not, but at least it's a move. Besides, it'll help me ease back into things. I'm proud of you for getting off your ass. - It may only be one leg at a time... - Now it's your turn. Both you and Julia deserve a fresh start at happiness. You need to move on, too. Just one other thing. Do you think I could have the couch ? You want to sit on that piece of shit or keep it as a memento of how well you took care of her ? No. I want it 'cause she was part of it, and she's part of me, and I want the couch. I just... want the couch. Thanks for finally agreeing to let me look around in here, Christian. Hey, I've got nothing to hide. Guess I had a change of heart. But, um, what are we doing out here ? He attacked me in the bedroom. The investigation of crimes is really the investigation of people. Sometimes the best way to understand an attacker is to get to know his victim. You can discover everything about a person by seeing what he chooses to surround himself with. And what do my surroundings tell you about me ? That you like to be in control. Everything is in its place. Compulsively so. Maid comes once a day. You're tidy, hard, anal. The only thing in your home that's soft is your bed, which I imagine is the only place you feel comfortable being vulnerable, which makes the fact that he attacked you there all the more difficult to get over. Tell me about the attack. Read the file. Files are for lawyers. Bullshit carpet fiber information. How many feet from the door to the bed. Black-and-white stuff. I need you to give me the color. You first. Tell me your secrets, and I'll tell you mine. There's nothing I haven't seen, Christian. I don't judge. You can talk to me. Bullshit. I want the one that did to you what the carver did to me. You want my pain ? Let me see yours. I was 24. We were married 6 months to the day. His name was jason. Did he hurt you ? No. Jason was a good man. He stopped on his way home from work to pick us up a bottle of champagne for our half anniversary. When he got back to the car, someone pulled a gun. The guy didn't have to shoot him. The car was a piece of shit '78 volvo. Jason would've handed him the key and considered it a favor. I was at law school, but dropped out and signed up for law enforcement with an eagle eye on vice. I guess I thought that if I could spend my time working in the darkness, what happened to me would by comparison seem a little more light. The real kick in the ass was that I already had a bottle of dom chilling that night. Gift of the magi, right ? I'm really sorry. Trust me enough to show me your bedroom now ? Lie down. I want to reenact the attack. I just told you about the worst night of my life. Now it's your turn. First he injected you, paralyzed you. At this point, you're helpless. He could do whatever he wanted with you. Then came the slashing, right ? Judging by the angle of the wound, I guess he was right on top of you. Leverage-wise, he'd have wanted to straddle you. That's not what happened... You were paralyzed, remember ? Were you wearing a shirt ? It must've been awful for you. A man who needs to be in charge demoted to another person's plaything. I can't imagine the carver having a chance like this and not taking advantage of it. I guess I wasn't his type. Something's telling me that I'm yours, though. Do you seduce all your victims ? Only the ones who are as dark as I am. Now what do we do ? Fight through the pain. Guess I'm early. Maybe I should go. No. First you propose to me. Now you're screwing another girl. Who are you ? I'm me again, baby. I'm back. Come in. Aren't you a little early ? Annie's still packing her weekend bag. Well, I was hoping we could talk. Oh, it's not really necessary, Julia. - Well, no, Sean... - Look, I'm sorry I've been so resistant about signing these. But that's what I wanted to talk about. I felt that... No need. You were right, Julia. It's me who's been stuck in old patterns of thinking, old ways of seeing you and us. You've done the hard thing. You've faced the truth. Well, I'm not sure I know what the truth is anymore. The truth is, Julia, you deserve to fly. You deserve to live the life you've dreamed of. We both do. And we've tried, and we've tried, and... we can't make each other happy, can we ? No. Are you saying you want to go ahead with the divorce ? I do. I've signed them. - Thanks. - Hi, mom. Hey ! Hi, sweetie. You have fun with your mom. I'll see you, Jules. Are you ready to go ?