Partnership in McNamara/Troy. Hire Quentin. Let's go away and start a new life together. Let's go to Paris. Ava's a man. I needed to be sure you'd never leave me again. No. No. Dr. Forsythe, tell us what you don't like about yourself. Why? So we can better understand how to help you. Kiki is the one who needs help, not me. I'm merely her advocate. I'm sorry. There's really no point in having a consultation without the patient present. She's a gorilla. I'm sure you're exaggerating. We've seen all sorts of serious... A mountain gorilla. I am Dr. Meredith Forsythe from the Gorilla Protection Agency. - This is a joke, right? - I thought you knew. I sent information about my work and your nurse made an appointment for me. For you, yes. Not for some monkey. Ape. There's a difference. We share 98.4% of our D.N.A. with these creatures. I'm afraid there's been a terrible misunderstanding, Dr. Forsythe. We don't do animals. Kiki is not looking to be done. She wants to have a baby. She told you that? Kiki can sign over 1,000 words and understands spoken english. She's already chosen a mate, Koomba, through video dating, but she can't meet him until the scar on her face is fixed. Are you saying that Kiki has a self-image problem? Apes are the only other creatures besides humans who can recognize themselves in the mirror. She knows she's different, imperfect in some way. She could use some lip gloss. I'm sorry, Dr. Forsythe, but I have a hard time believing that self-loathing has extended to the animal kingdom. It's more a question of natural selection, which, first and foremost, involves the selection of a mate. Any sort of deformity in an animal becomes undesirable, a misfit, relegated to the outer edges of the herd. And so, she decided on plastic surgery? I am gravely concerned that when Koomba sees her scar, he will attack her, or more realistically, kill her. I'm appealing to you as scientists. At least look at some of my research before you decide. I began working with her when she was a baby. She'd been rescued after her mother was butchered by poachers. They cut off her mother's hands and head. It's illegal, but they still sold on the black market. It's a popular aphrodisiac. Kiki escaped with just a gash from the left side of her sagittal crest to her lips. What began as a 4-year study of primates and language turned into a lifelong study of interspecies communication. It is imperative that Kiki procreate in order to determine if she can pass on her language skills to her offspring. Otherwise, all the work we've done will disappear with her when she dies. Look, maybe Koomba can see past Kiki's scar to her inner beauty. Maybe he's not a shallow bastard like the rest of us. Don't be so hard on yourself. Beauty attracts to preserve the species. In evolutionary terms, Dr. Troy, all males are bastards. Oh, I missed having you inside me. I thought I could forget about you. You'd be better off without me. You're all I think about. No one else matters. The ticket's still good. Take it. It's back at the house. Ohh! Cum with me, Matt. Ohh! Ohh! Please, cum with me. Ohh! A man washing a dish in this office? I must be dreaming. Elizabeth Cruz, Quentin Costa. They speak very highly of you at shands medical. They do? Oh, yeah. A distinguished residency, then you did a fellowship in pain management-- Did you go gold rate or what? An attractive woman like you must go gold all the time. Save it for someone whose panties you may have a chance in hell of getting into. Liz is gay. Welcome to McNamara/Troy. I'm honored. You know, I've been reading up on your cases and it's cutting edge stuff. - You guys are fearless. - Ha! Apparently, Liz thinks I'm a pussy because I refuse to do a scar revision on an ape. A gorilla who can sign over 1,000 words. Christian, that tattoo removal consult's in my office. Hey, Quentin. How's your first morning going? Feels like home. Thank you. You know, Sean, speaking of tattoos, I can get us a new med-life at cost, 79,000. It's state of the art. - The q-switch laser? - Yeah. Been wanting to see how it works. Look, but don't touch. We can't afford it. Maybe the publicity from working on a world-famous gorilla... Drop it, Liz. Of course. Whatever you say. Shit. Hold it, hold it, hold it. Wait, don't wash that. When I was working in the Southern Sudan, the dinkas, I reattached the chief's index finger, so they made me an honorary member of their tribe. They made you a dinka just for sewing on a dinky dinka's finger? See, they have this blood ritual. They believe that if you share the same scar, you're united as warriors. What do you say, Sean? Are we a tribe? I have this thing about my fingers. I need them to operate. I know. Me, too. I'm joking. Oh, come on. Look, I'm gonna go do that tattoo consult with you. You relax. I'm here to lighten your load, right? Let's go. Mr. Ramirez, tell us what you don't like about yourself. My skin. I want to get rid of my signs. See, there's this guy who teaches industrial arts at the youth authority, and he said he'd let me work at his electronics store if I get myself cleaned up and holy spirit church said they'd pay. The boys at ms-13 are gonna let you quit just like that? You know, they see I've done some time. You know, some good time for them I've been loyal. They'll let you go sometimes. But I'm through. I through even if that means I gotta get boxed out. I'm sorry. Boxed out? Well, see, they put you in this refrigerator box, they'll shut the door, and they'll fire a dozen rounds into it. Now if you live, you out. You die... Mr. Ramirez, just because you and I are both of latin descent doesn't mean we speak the same language. Quentin, I-- Castro opens his prisons and he floods our shores with marielitos, and they do what they've always done. They steal, they sell drugs, and they breed. Hey. Hey, look at me, man. You don't disrespect me like I'm not even here, huh? Oh, you want me to respect you? Why don't you tell Dr. McNamara here what those tears represent. One tear-- one tear for every kill. Look, I was 10. I was 10, eating garbage. You know, shitting my guts out, moaning like some dog in an alley. That's how they found me. They gave me some tequila and some weed, we start laughing. We start kicking back. You know, for the first time in my life, I had some family. I had some place I could go. They asked me if I wanted to jump in. And then, they rushed me, they beat me up, then they shook my hand. That was it. I was in. From that day on, I never cried, not once. Not until the day-- not until the day that Prima's mom spoke in court. See, he was a banger just like me. You know, I expected his mom to come in there screaming and stuff, but she didn't. She said that she forgave me. Like she forgave Prima because she couldn't do no better for him. She said that I had goodness in me. That god is the only one that had the whole story on me, and it wasn't written in no police file. I'm sorry to interrupt, Sean, but you've got a call on line one. I'm in a consult. It's Julia. She's calling from the police station. What the hell is going on? Adrian's dead. Ava's son, Adrian. Matt was over at the house. He found him. He'd been stabbed. - She do it? - Sean-- They were having an incestuous relationship, Julia. - Maybe he tried to stop it. - That was a lie. They never slept together. What were you doing there in the first place? We had an agreement. You promised us it was over. Ava wouldn't hurt him or anyone. She's not capable of it. Sorry to keep you folks waiting. I'm detective Bowser. - Look, if my son isn't a suspect-- - My office, doctor, my questions. The only fingerprints on the knife were the victim's. Right now, it looks like a suicide. Surprised? No. He was pretty screwed up. About what? He, um... had a history of mental problems, according to his mother. Would you happen to know where she is at present? We would like to notify her, ask her some questions. She's in Paris. At least she was. Could you be a little more specific? Well, we haven't been in touch. Why were you in her house when you knew she was out of the country? All right, that's it. My son is not a suspect here. He's under no obligation-- There was an extra ticket. I went there to try and find it, so that I could go and be with her. I love her, and there's nothing you can do about it. You're just about her son's age. Isn't that right? Let's go, Matt. We're leaving. When was the last time you saw her, Dr. McNamara? Uh... our interaction was minimal. But there was interaction? She came into my office for a small procedure before she left. What kind of procedure? - Matt, it doesn't concern you. - No, I want to know. It was a vaginal reconstruction. The final phase of a transsexual operation she'd had 16 years ago. You lying son of a bitch. I can show you the medical documentation if you don't believe me. - Matty, sweetheart-- - No! You know what? You'd say anything to make her look sick and disgusting because whatever I love, for some reason, you have to destroy! - Matt-- - No! Both of you! You can catch up to him if you'd like. That's a lot of information to digest. For everyone. We'll be in touch. We agreed never to tell him. You heard what he was planning. I had no choice. You had a choice, Sean. You could have chosen to ask me what I thought was best for our child! We're not married anymore, Julia. You're no longer the head of our little clan 'cause it no longer exists. I can parent however I want to! If you don't like what I'm doing, then complain to somebody who cares! Go find someone. Your cell was off. Why own one if you never keep it on? I'm not gonna hold your head if you puke. So is she a man or a woman? In your opinion as a medical expert? It's a little more complicated than that. Oh, really? 'Cause I thought if you had a dick, you were a guy. And, if you had a pussy, you were a-- I don't know. What do I know? I know shit. Some medical circles believe that even if transsexuals like Ava modify their bodies - to physically resemble a woman's... - Oh, yeah. Right, resemble. They still can't reproduce or change their sex chromosomes, which is technically what distinguishes a man from a woman. Excellent. So the best blowjobs I ever got were from a guy. Ok. What matters is how she views herself, Matt. Changing public perception may take some time. Thanks for the clarification. Matt... Dad, you should have told me when you found out. I made a deal with her, Matt, that I'd keep her secret and do the surgery if she agreed to leave. I didn't want to hurt you. You put your patient's confidentiality before your own son! What kind of father would do that? Oh, right. I forgot. Not a real one. Quentin did an awesome job. Your scar's almost completely gone. Well, maybe you should have asked Quentin to do Kiki. I'm just asking you to meet her. - It. - She has a soul. She mimics hand gestures and slings her poo. What is it with you and this animal? She is an outcast from her tribe, and she is suffering because of it. I know what that feels like. Ok, I just want to point out that it was you who compared yourself to a gorilla, not me. You think you've got nothing in common? She's gonna be attacked and killed, and you can't relate to that? Lucky for you those tats are homemade, homie. Yeah, lucky. Yellow and green is tough, but the black absorbs 100% of the light. It's pretty impressive, huh? How's our little scarface doing? She's ready for her close-up. You want a go? Yeah. Matt? Matt? Matt? Matt, I want to talk to you in person. Can I please come in? Hello, Matt. Want a hit? That's sweet of you. Granny has to hold on to what few brain cells she has left. Erica, you used the "g" word. Sounds awful, doesn't it? Still I am your grandmother. Although I'll admit I haven't been a very good one. Oh. Mom called you about Ava. She doesn't often ask for my help, you know. I figured that was worth a 3-hour flight. Oh, what the hell. Brains are overrated anyway. You kids today, you have no idea what great weed tastes like. Were you a hippie, Erica? Do you mean did I protest the war? Did I dare to go outside the bounds of accepted behavior? Make up my own mind about whom to share my body with and why? You bet your sweet ass I was. That's what's so wonderful about being young. There are no mistakes, only research. My research has led me to conclude, doctor, that I get hard for hermaphrodites. Oops, transsexuals. Excuse me. She was quite a conquest. Breathtaking beauty. She was so strong. The way she held me. So, you were attracted to her masculine side. - Never mind. - It turned you on. It's quite natural for a young man your age to experiment. How else will you discover how the adult body works? That you have nerve endings that pleasure you? - Your nipples, your anus-- - Ok, stop it. Enjoying anal stimulation doesn't make you a homosexual. Are you worried you might be? You know what? Never mind. Listen to me. I don't care what kind of sex you have or with whom, but if you're so appalled by your own feelings that you deny their existence, they'll run your tight little ass for the rest of your oppressed middlebrow life. Do you want a safe life or an authentic one? Steroid cream, morning and night. So when do you start? That guy changed his mind. I don't know. I guess he never thought I'd do it, you know? When I showed up, he said it didn't feel right. There are other jobs, Marlon. Yeah. Yeah, like this woman, this old lady from church, she says she needs someone to walk her dogs, and I even put on a tie for the interview. Father Ortista told her about how I cleaned up. She said, "oh, come on. A leopard never changes its spots." She didn't even trust me enough to pick up dog shit. She's just narrow minded. Look, there are placement counselors, want ads. Eventually, someone will give you a shot. You ever been convicted of a crime? That's on every application. Now you answer straight up, you never gonna hear from them again. But if you lie, you're violating parole. I was wondering if maybe you had some work around here? You know, it doesn't matter what. I could empty some bed pans - or clean up some toilets or-- - I can't. I'm sorry, Marlon. It's against the law for anyone in the medical profession to employ an ex-offender. Oh, yeah. Ok. That's cool, man. You've done your job. I just figured it-- I figured it didn't hurt to ask. Good luck, Marlon. And stay out of trouble, ok? - Hi. - Hi. Uh, can I get an absolut martini straight up? You know, I should really ask for your I.D., but you're just too cute to card. I had very delicate hands, remember? Fingers that knew exactly how to touch you, where to touch you, and for how long. There you go, angel. Straight up. Thanks. You shouldn't compare them to me. I was the best. The Venus Di Milo. Besides, change takes time. You don't become a woman overnight. It's a lifetime process just like becoming a man. Are you man enough to make up your own mind about what pleases you? Me? Honey, you were too scared to tell me the truth. You knew I would have left you. At least I have the courage to be who I am. Do you? Another one, please. Thank you. This seat taken? Buy me a drink? You're a good kisser. How about a little music? Hmm? There. - Isn't that better? - Mm-hmm. Oh, you're soft... hard! That's nice. Oh, that feels nice. That's good, baby, don't stop. Oh, yeah. Oh... oh... Oh! Jesus Christ! Come on, baby. Down here. You've got a goddamn dick! I'll cum wherever you want. Whatever you say. You got a goddamn dick! Why didn't you tell me you were pre-op?! You should've told me! Relax, ok? It's the best of both. I didn't think I was your first. I don't want a girl with a dick, ok? I'm not gay, ok? I'm not into that! Oh, you should have told me instead of trying to trick me. I thought you were one of us. What?! Do I look like one of you, you sick piece of shit?! I don't like being screwed with, ok? I don't like it! Stop! No! No, you look at me when I'm talking to you. If I want to play with someone's cock, I got my own, you goddamn freak. What are you doing? You're always telling me to get it cut. I'm getting it cut. I'm not sure it's an improvement. It's too late now. I just got tired of looking at myself. I need a change. I'm not sure changing how you look is gonna change how you feel inside. Is that what you say to all your patients? That their bigger tits or their brand-new face isn't really gonna change anything? Shaving your head's not gonna make you feel more like a man if you don't feel it inside. I think you need to talk to someone... a professional... who deals with gender issues. I'm not gay, if that's what you're thinking, dad. Don't worry. Your masculinity will not be threatened in any way. You're almost unrecognizable. What happened to your knuckles? I got drunk and punched a wall. Guess who I was pretending it was. Matt called. Did he talk about his new neo-nazi haircut? You told him about Ava. Don't you think somebody should have told me? That it concerns me? Don't you think I should have been told that the laser I bought was sent back without my knowledge? I warned you, Sean. We can't afford it and the salary we're paying Quentin for you to play tweedle dee to his tweedle dum. Since when did you become so fiscally responsible? Maybe if you came to work instead of wasting time and money at the zoo operating on some ape... You can't seriously be criticizing me for doing pro bono work. I'm criticizing you for acting unilaterally. Look, either you're gonna be a part of the team or stay a self-pitying victim who takes out his aggression by undermining us. Us? By us you mean you and Quentin. It looks like you've gotta be around other victims to be comfortable... human or not. If that animal can teach its language skills to future generations, then I might have in some way made a scientific contribution to the world. Me, not you. Isn't that what really bugs you, Sean? I did something. I felt effective. And for the first time in weeks, I forgot all about the carver. Dr. Forsythe called. How did the insemination go? They promised to name the first born after me. They thought enough time had passed, that the scar wouldn't be visible. Apparently, animals have a sixth sense about these things. We couldn't see it, but Koomba could. He knew that there was something different about her. He attacked her. Kiki's dead. Matt, goddamn it! I can smell the dope all the way from the kitchen! I was going to pay him for it, but more than it's worth. You have to smoke a lid of this shit to get a decent buzz. Are you gonna bogart the damn thing or offer me some? Oh, here. We should have done more of this when I was growing up. You disapproved of me enough without adding corruption to the list of my war crimes. But you were a terrible mother. I thought I was... But it turned out I didn't do such a bad job. You mean, compared to me? No, I mean as evidenced by you. We're all terrible mothers. You go into the enterprise expecting your child to be a better version of yourself. And then the little bastards turn out to have souls all their own, destinies to be fulfilled, dreams and desires that have nothing to do with us or our D.N.A. I mean, I--I carried him inside of me and... it's just as if I don't even know him. You will again. When? When you grow up. Me? When you stop trying to create him in your image and likeness... and see him for who he is. You're stoned. You're right. We should have done this more often. Holy shit. Come here! Come on! Get him! You like that? Take that.