it's your baby,sean. i know. dear christian,being your wife would only strip me of my dignity and sense of self. I never went to see you again. Why are you making me do this? it's good,baby. Don't stop. whoa. You've got a goddamn dick. relax. i don't like being screwed with,ok? tell us what you don't like about yourself,ms. Peck. may i start at the beginning? whatever makes you feel most comfortable. about three months ago, i met a guy at this bar that i go to. He really knew how to treat a girl... heas real sweet. We went back to my place for a nightcap and started fooling around and everything was going great until he realized i was a pre-op. He threw me to the ground and he kicked me until my ribs broke. And then he started punching me in the face and destroyed it. And then when i got my face fixed... did a licensed plastic surgeon do this to you? i'm pretty sure he had a license. He was vietnamese,so i didn't understand him all that much. But my friend told me about him. He did her breasts,and they turned out ok. And,you know,he was cheap,and i didn't have much money. I guess i got what i paid for. I spent every penny that i had to get my face repaired. Insurance wouldn't cover anything. They said that i brought this on myself. And then i lost my bartending job because they said i was scaring off the customers. we'll be happy to rebuild your face the way you want it,ms. Peck. We have a long-term payment plan that might be your best option. there's only one option,dr.Mcnamara. You're going to do my operation for free. Or i'm going straight to the police. excuse me? that real sweet guy that beat me up,he's your son. I'm sorry i can't be more ladylike about this. you dare threaten us after what you did to matt? i just want retribution for what he did to me. and beating him to a pulp before pissing on him wasn't enough? Call the police. You can use my phone. They already know someone jumped him. Now i can tell them who to arrest. excuse me,dr. Troy. A package just arrived for you. well,sign for it. the package is bleeding. no return address. we need to check the serial numbers on these and cross-check them with our records. you think they belong to one of our patients? this one's got something in it. beauty is a curse on the world you were right. These did belong to one of our patients. They're kimber's. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents Nip Tuck Sync:YTET-fisherchen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- every breast implant has a serial number in case of a recall or defect. habeas corpus,christian. We can't start an investigation when there's no evidence of any crime. since when is a bloody implant from a woman who's been missing for weeks not evidence of a crime? well,how'd you know kimber didn't have them removed herself? because she loved them. They were the first thing i ever gave her. Our first surgery together. speaking of surgeries,what do you think of my face? The surgeon who did agree to do it,did a pretty good job,don't you think? don't throw that guilt shit at me,kit. After what you put me through, you're lucky i wasn't standing over you with a scalpel. if i knew you were still stinging after being left of the altar... this proves that i wasn't left. Somebody took her,and somebody's keeping her hostage. And somebody forced her to write that note to me. well,that sounds like a hell of an effort. Who would do that? quentin. Look,he's always had it in for me. Only a plastic surgeon would know about serial numbers on implants. You know something? we've been investigating quentin since your release. that's great. Then bring him in. we don't have anything solid yet. It's all just circumstantial. it didn't stop you from arresting me. yes,and since then my superiors have kept me on a tight leash. They don't want any more embarrassments. look,if there's even a slight chance that kimber's alive and quentin knows anything about it, you have to bring him in for questioning. hey,matt. What's going on? mom's sick. She's been throwing up all over the place. I thought you might have a stash of that tamiflu around here. i have some at the office. I can take it over in the morning. How's your girlfriend? we broke up. a friend of yours dropped by the office today. Cherry peck. what did she want? she wanted us to give her a facial reconstruction for free. I told her i would call the police if i ever saw her again. is her face still messed up from what happened? she had reconstructive surgery already. All she could afford was some strip mall hack. so she still a complete mess. it doesn't matter. She tried to blackmail us. Her cheek implants are too large. There's some scarring on her forehead. She needs to reset her nose. i want you to fix her face,dad. If someone doesn't,then she'll always look like a monster because of me. she and her friends jumped you,matt. She is a monster. look,i know i shouldn't expect much from you. I haven't exactly been a model son lately. But i made a mistake. And you're the only one who can completely help me correct it. It would mean a lot to me. you look terrible. Has the morning sickness been that bad? i haven't been able to keep anything down. well,i brought you some b6 supplements,some crackers,ginger ale. Try and stay away from anything spicy,rich,or fried. Like french fries or chocolate or... sorry. Just drink lots of fluids. That's going to help the most. And rest. There is an upside though. Some doctors have seen a correlation between miscarriages and a lack of having morning sickness. So,in that regard,your vomiting is good. Why are you dressed? You're not going to work,are you? of course i am. The spa is full. And i have to take care of my patients. well,you're just going to have to get someone to cover. lots of women work while they're pregnant,sean. I was still taking a full load of classes when i was carrying matt,remember? yes. But you were 22,julia. A baby born to a woman over 40 has at least one in a hundred chance of downs. And the odds of developing any kind of chromosomal abnormalities are even worse. Now,we won't have to worry about that once we get the results of the cvs which i've scheduled for thursday with dr. Fitzer. fitzer's not my o. b. if were going to make this work, you're going to have to let me help you,julia. Do things for you. That's why i think you should move back into the house. i'm not moving back into the the house,sean. I mean this baby isn't some puzzle piece that's been missing from our relationship. I've never misled you into thinking we were going back to what we had,sean. the last time i saw you,my tongue was in your mouth. Certainly much more pleasant than this. Am i under arrest for something? i wanted to have a little chat with you about kimber. kimber? Well,last i heard,she dumped christian at the altar. Smartest move she ever made if you ask me. she's missing. And i think you have something to do with it. you're joking? I couldn't have spent a long weekend with that mental midget. I like women whose iqs are higher than their waist size. really? I thought you liked her. Had a thing for her movies if i recall. i'm familiar with her catalog,so? So are hundreds of thousands of other guys. what about rhea reynolds? You and christian were the only ones who knew she was a... what did you call her,a fraud? It must have felt good to put her through a surgery without proper anesthetic. that was liz's fault. Her numbers were off. i know you don't have an alibi for the night that rhea was killed or for the night you raped and carved me. now why would i rape you? You were perfectly willing to spread your legs like a romanian gymnast for me. rape isn't about sex,quentin. It's about power. And you felt like you'd lost it after i arrested christian and risked giving him all the glory for your butchery. so i'm the carver now? Kit,if you want to catch this guy, may i recommend that you expand the scope of your suspects beyond those who know whether you're shaved,waxed,or natural? you neglected to use a condom when you raped me. Thanks to your sloppiness, we now have a sample of the carver's semen on file. When i match it with your dna, you won't be smiling anymore. i hope you collect my dna yourself,kit. Oh,god. I'm so turned on right now. - where's kimber? - i have no idea. I'd check your ass, but you're so full of shit i don't think there would be any room for her up there. i've issued a warrant with judge nixon. When he approves it,you'll be forced to give us a dna sample. you want me to jerk off right now? i'm going to do this all by the book. When i bring you down, this case is going to be tighter than a vestal virgin. heh. Well,tread lightly,kit. You've already botched this case once. Another false arrest and you'll be back in london writing tickets to people for not picking up their dog shit. you need to get him to talk. no,i don't. Kimber's been found. how is she? an fhp officer found her naked wandering along alligator alley. For some reason,yesterday he drove her out into the everglades and tossed her out. can i see her? not yet. bullshit. She's my fiancee. she doesn't want to see you,christian. She doesn't want you to see her. tell me what he did to her. the breast implants were the least of his butchery. He reversed every surgery you gave her. Without anesthetic. reversed? I must've given her at least 10 procedures over the last few years. Tell me what he did to her. after giving her the carver grin, he removed the segment of rib cartilage you used to fix her nose. Then he sucked the collagen from her lips by removing a large portion of the saturated tissue. At some point,he also burned her skin to recreate the sun damage you repaired. Then he pumped rotten chicken fat into her midsection. Antl-lipo. It caused a pretty horrible infection that he didn't treat. He removed her breasts as a final act of psychotic brutality. i need to see her. I need to... tell her i can fix everything that animal did to her. kimber identified herself by how she looked,christian. She's barely holding it together as it is. Seeing you could send her over the edge. or bring her back from it. well,i can't risk that. Kimber is the best witness we have right now. If she transgresses into shock and can't give us any more information, everything's she's been through will have been in vain. dr. Mcnamara? I wanted to thank you for reconsidering. I think it's the right decision for all of us. i'm not doing this surgery as a response to your threat of extortion,ms. Peck. then why are you doing it? because my son asked me to. Matt seemed to think we've all suffered enough for what's happened. We need to rebuild instead of allowing our past to haunt us any longer. Count backwards from 10. don't worry,i'm here. It's all going to be ok. Relax,julia. Close your eyes and just relax. This might be your last chance to get pregnant. stop it. It hurts. skin is very elastic.It will heal. You are like a 20-year-old,after all. Aren't you? why is that ticking so loud? Turn it off. you don't want to turn off your biological clock just yet,julia. I'm coming. I'm coming. By the way,you need a face lift if you're going to do this. Otherwise,everyone will think you're the grandmother. We'll start by removing these bags under your eyes... then we'll pull back your forehead. Oh,forget it. It's too late. Your water broke. no. put this on. You're late for surgery. we can fix it. No one will ever know what she's done. what have you done to my baby? we had to do a little work,that's all. he have to make him respectable,julia. you did a wonderful job,julia. He's almost human. so irresponsible,having a baby at 40. we did the best we could to repair your work,sweetheart. what did you do to my baby? Hi. It's... i'm julia mcnamara. I'd like to make an appointment with dr. Allenby as soon as possible. i'm sorry,christian. I'm just sorry. i should've known she wouldn't leave me like that. Kimber loved me. this isn't your fault. And blaming yourself isn't going to do her any good. i just want to see her,you know? hi. I'm dr. Sean mcnamara. I'm a plastic surgeon. I just wanna give you one of my cards. what for? nothing. I just thought you might want to have that wattle taken care of. You have a great profile. who's there? it's me,sweetheart. The guard wouldn't let me in. So sean had to bribe... is there anything special i can bring you,sweetheart? go away. please don't say that. I've missed you so much. why didn't you come looking for me? i thought you'd left me. I thought you'd come to your senses. you left me to die. You let him do this to me. kimber,please. Don't blame me for this. he wouldn't have hurt me if you hadn't given me all those surgeries. You made me think that i needed them for you to love me. It's true. Beauty is a curse on the world. please don't. Please. Please don't let him poison everything we have with each other. I want us to start fresh. I want to rebuild our lives together. you won't want me anymore. I'm a monster. On our first date, you said that i was an 8. you were honest with me. I need you to tell me what i am now, as honestly as you did then. From 1 to 10. i'll make you a 10 again,sweetheart,i promise you. I'll make you a 10 again. i'm glad you decided to do a cvs test. I'm a big believer and the sooner we know of any abnormalities, the sooner we can prepare ourselves on how to deal with them. i don't like to be superstitious about these things, but,you know,with my age and 2 healthy kids, i just feel like this baby is tempting god a little. that's why we're here,julia. To remove the unknown. And we're still in the first trimester. We have time. Now i'm going to do an ultrasound to help guide the catheter through your cervix. You know,we can video the ultrasound if you like. i'd like a video,if that's ok? let me grab a blank dvd. I'll just be a second. look,sean,i know i was hard on you the other day,but... you do have a role in all of this, and i'm gonna respect that. Thanks for coming. this baby's gonna grow up and be strong and healthy,julia. how are matt and annie? I haven't seen them in forever. they're fine. Matt's a senior and annie's gonna start middle school next year. they're growing up too fast. i know exactly what you mean. I feel like i have missed jessica's entire childhood. I mean,what with work and sharing custody... take a breath... we only see each other when i'm driving her to her father's house. Another reason why it's so nice to see you two back together. ok. Everything's good so far. Now... you're gonna feel a little prick when i insert the needle. Does that feel all right,julia? yeah. oh,my god. Oh,jeez. - how are we doing,sweetheart? - i gotta get out of here. I can't... all these tools, it's taking me back to that place. you're having a post-traumatic stress reaction. It's normal for somebody who's suffered the kind of trauma you've been through. Ok? You're gonna be fine.I promise. Can we get her 10 ccs of versed. I'm gonna take good care of you from now on. Now,are you sure you want to do all the surgeries at once? The recovery is gonna be much less traumatic if we do them one at a time. no. I need you to fix everything. I don't want to wait to be who i was. i'll be right here when you wake up,ok? ok. Wait. Wait,christian. Will you stay here until i fall asleep? of course. keep applying this for the next 2 weeks. It'll help your skin heal faster. i just want to tell you how much i appreciate this. you want to see how it looks? i'm beautiful. hi. You look really good,cherry. did your father do your face,too? Yeah. you did a fantastic job,dr. Mcnamara. yeah,i did. Well,i'll leave you two alone. i don't think he finished putting that stuff on. oh,here. I got it. You know,i just wanted to say that... you know,i really wasn't... did you really tell your father to do my surgery? yeah. i'm sorry,too,matt,for what we did to you. Although you did kind of deserve it. yeah. you really think i look good? yeah,you know? Sure. i'm planning on having my reassignment surgery sometime next year. Been taking all the hormones. that's great,cherry, but i don't think that... it's ok. It's just hard not to hit on a guy as cute as you. thank you. look at me. I'm gonna need some new makeup. a girl's gotta look her best,you know? what? This gooey stuff isn't what you had in mind? - no. - really? drop your pants,quentin. you first. the scope of judge nixon's warrant is very broad,per my request. If you don't provide us with everything we need, i'll be happy to arrest you. then arrest me. You're not gonna find anything to connect me to those carvings. I'm an innocent man. i'll be the judge of that. Now drop your pants. You've nothing to be ashamed of. I've had you inside me,remember? Right before you carved my face. I rarely forget a dick, particularly if it's raping me. if we had sex, you'd remember me. prove it. hey,baby. How did it go? it went perfectly. You were amazing. Let me get you a mirror so you take a look at yourself. no,no,no. I don't want any mirrors. i understand. You want to wait until the healing process is further along. uh-uh. No. I don't want any mirrors ever. I had you fix me so the rest of the world could see me and not run screaming. I'll never be able to look at myself and not see the pain. don't say that,sweetheart. We're gonna get through all of this together. And as soon as you've healed,we'll reschedule the wedding. wedding? What are you talking about? i'm talking about not letting this monster take everything away from us. but he already took everything away from me. I can't do this anymore,christian. I can't be this beautiful couple that spends $600 a month on tanning salons, who takes an hour to get ready just to go to the gym, who measure people's worth by their body fat percentage. this is perfectly normal. It's called stockholm syndrome. Kidnapping victims sympathize with their captors. It's a survival strategy. he wasn't my captor. You were. Porn was. He was just the man holding up the mirror to our beautiful,superficial lives, showing me how grotesque they were. It's just ugliness hidden by a perfect mask. How am i supposed to be with you when your job is to give everybody those masks? I'll give it all up. We can... ...go off and take care of lepers for all i care. I need to be with you,kimber. i know,baby. But i need to not be with you. what do you think of this one? it's a little pale. you're right. I'm a spring,and this makes me look like a winter. Maybe this one. There's a little more red in it. can i help you? yes,hi. What's your opinion on this foundation? well,it's hypoallergenic. But it won't look good if you apply it that thick,honey. i'm recovering from surgery. I don't want the scars to show through. this isn't a drugstore. This product is very expensive. Were you actually planning on purchasing a bottle or just tainting all our samples. what's your problem,lady? You treat all your customers like shit? he is not a customer until he buys something. I get your kind in here all the time. They never buy a damn thing. and we're gonna buy something from you now? Look,my friend was nothing but polite to you, and you treat her like she's a hooker? Let me tell you something. She's more of a lady than you will ever be. you didn't have to do that. hey,you don't deserve that bullshit. but i'm used to it. here. Try this. What is that? well,isn't this a beautiful sight? It must be ladies night. Try the bronzer,sweetie.You really need it. they don't sell nazi paraphernalia and jackboots in this section,ariel. Get lost. and miss this hallmark moment? Not a chance. so,tranny, isn't matt fantastic in bed? Do you squeal with pleasure when he goes down on you? Because,you know,i always knew that he really liked dick. i'm not with matt. He's my friend. you know you really beautiful,Ariel i almost too sorry for you i'm not the one dating a dude and a skirt,matt which cleverance school hear about this you won't make it out of life I shouldn't asked you to come No,it's cool She is a whack job ,no body believe word she said anyway you steal  stash stuff up there for special occasions or One of us really need to get shit-faced so we drinking to heartache,regret To our profession The only field medcine of dedicated  to both fixing what is broken and rebuilding the unrepairable and To my new son or daughter Julia You shit me I didn't even know you guys were sleeping together It only takes one time We're not getting back together or anything like that we have committed to work together trying not to screw it up too bad this time although I supposed the child we have from her and my gene pool turned out pretty well. You see,christian, no matter how shattered a relationship is, as long as there's love, there's always the hope of putting it back together. hello,boys. I was hoping to find kimber here. she went and checked into de la mer. So,have you arrested quentin yet? to the contrary. We had to let him go. We came across some new evidence that rules him out as a suspect. what could counteract the mountain of evidence against him? take a look for yourselves. holy shit. Is this for real? completely. As you see,quentin can't be the person that raped me or left a semen sample behind. He has no penis. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents Sync:fisherchen -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- what are you doing here? we were called by the girl's mother. she's a very important client of ours. She's asked us to transfer her daughter to our office. we have a private ambulance out front. which girl? what do you mean,which girl? The one who was attacked by the carver. you're going to have to be a little bit more specific. I have 9 victims. he attacked all these girls tonight? picked them off one by one. Believe it or not,this is a good thing. i think you're becoming desensitized,kit. serial criminals like the carver are creatures of habit. They're obsessive-compulsive. When they break protocol like this,it means they're getting desperate. That's when we catch them. It's always darkest before the dawn. where's chelsey myers? Why don't you go talk to chelsey? I'm going to see if i can help any of these other girls. chelsey? Chelsey,my name is dr.Christian troy. I'm a plastic surgeon. Your mom called me and asked me to come down here and take care of you. She's gonna meet us at my office. She's not allowed in here right now my mom is here? i'm gonna take good care of you,sweetheart,ok? She's in shock. i'd like to take a couple of these girls back to the office for surgery. It'll be a late night,but maybe we can do them to back. ok. chelsey,can you tell me anything you remember about the man who attacked you? - Kit,now's not the time - it's the best time,christian. We have to catch this man as soon as possible. This is going to look like a disney movie compared to what he's gonna do next. he must've climbed in through the window. Fire escape. He made his way down the hall,from room to room. I walked in on him when he was raping ellen. I don't know what came over me. I just ran towards them and jumped on him. you're a very brave girl,chelsey. well,it didn't do any good. He just tossed me aside like i was a doll. And that's when i saw it. saw what? his pants were down when he turned towards me and i saw it. his penis? no... it wasn't a penis. It was one of those fake strap-on things. miami police! We are armed! Surrender yourself immediately! i can't stop i'm afraid doing any work on your scars would be less than prudent for us at this point,quentin, but we can refer you to dr. Sachs. a referral? Who else besides the two of you understands on a deeper level what it would take to make me whole again? That's why i'm here. obviously,we understand what you're going through and we sympathize,but... it's not that we don't want to help you,quentin. It's just too dangerous for us to do the work. what do you mean,dangerous? the carver only came after us because we fixed his victims. and then he went after my fiancee. Repairing your face would be too dangerous for us. We're not willing to take that risk anymore. You mean in the same way i put myself in danger when i fixed your face,sean? What about the half dozen sorority girls both of you fixed last night? That takes care of your danger theory,doesn't it? Why don't you two just please admit what this is really about? You just don't like me. You never have. - You never gave me the chance. - we did give you a chance. You blew it by consistently being deceptive. what are you talking about? - the drug use. - dating my ex-wife. screwing a male patient in recovery. the drugs were a one-time thing. Dating julia,that just happened. And as far as brandt is concerned,it was a mistake. pretending to be a gigolo when you haven't even got a dick... so if i told you that i was born without a penis, that would've made everything ok,right? you mean some twink didn't bite it off during a lover's spat? Is called a 5-alpha reductase deficiency. It's a genetic disorder that happens in utero. And out of hospitals,undergoing hormone therapies and reconstructive surgeries in order to correct the problem. That made me want to become a surgeon. what about that college party we went to? I saw you get a blow job. she was drunk,sean. I offered her 100 bucks to pretend i had one. She didn't care. why would you do that? because i wanted to feel like one of the boys for once! Because i wanted to be accepted. is that why you grabbed my ass in bed with kit? Because you wanted to be accepted? i knew that if she took it any further, that if i took it any further, she would discover that i didn't have a dick and that would ruin everything. At least by grabbing your ass... i got to keep my secret. I admire you both. That's why i took the job. But more than that,i just... i wanted to be like you. You know,for the first time,it's funny, all 3 of us have something in common. We've all been carved. Yet you still can't treat me like an equal. wait. How's thursday for you? i'm really sorry about the mall,matt. You know,i was jealous. I'm human. yeah,i know. I hear you. But it's still over between us. listen,i just want to know. What does cherry have that i don't have? see,this is why i didn't want to get in the car. You're irrational and you don't listen,ariel. There's nothing between me and cherry. i just want to know. I mean,does cherry have a penis? jesus,ariel! This is insane. no,just tell me. I just want to know. It doesn't scare me. Just tell me. You know,if weird sex is what you want, i'm totally for that. You just... you just didn't give me a chance. Please,matt. ok. no,matt,please! listen,ariel. Settle down. you heard the man,ariel. Get off him. Slide over,matt. um,what's going on? a little outing. Just us. i did what you said,daddy. I kept him here. seat belts,everyone. lasagna. Wow. reserve judgment 'till you've tried it. I've had a lot of time to cultivate my culinary skills living on my own. I think that's been about the only advantage i thought you wanted to go. over some changes in the mortgage. after dinner. Eat. It feels like years since we've sat here and had a meal together. this is really sweet of you. What's this? open it. it's the deed to our house. yeah. I want you to have it. I made the last mortgage payment on it yesterday. It's officially ours. But it's always been yours. i don't know what to say. you made this house,julia. You picked the paint,the moldings,every piece of furniture. You did all the work. I just lived here. that's very...wonderful of you, but i can't just kick you out and move back in. i want you to have it,jules. The thought of you living here and having our baby here just really would make me happy. i can't. L... i wouldn't be comfortable here. I want to bring this baby into a place that isn't complicated by the past. You know,i want a fresh start. I'm sorry. everything's come full circle. Here i am looking up at the two of you when i was originally brought down to operate on both of you. you're going to be fine,quentin,i promise. count back from 10 for me,ok? 10... 9... 8... this is the work of an amateur. are you saying it's not the work of the carver? it's his work. I'm just saying it's not as pristine and meticulous. He's getting sloppy. what the hell's going on? you can't come in here.You're contaminating the operation. elizabeth cruz,you are under arrest for 18 counts of assault and battery,kidnapping,and the murder of rhea reynolds. you seem really nervous. i've never been arrested before. Don't start off by lying. We both know that isn't true. i think being hauled in during an act-up march in college doesn't count the same as being arrested for murder. i must say,i always admire a woman who's willing to fight for social change and stand up for what she believes like that. Is that you,liz? A woman of conviction? how come when you say it,it sounds like a disease? i just want to know what it's like for someone like you. An out lesbian working in a male-dominated field, helping women stuff their bodies with silicon. Holding strong to those feminist beliefs must be awfully frustrating at times. let me save you the trouble,ok? I am not some bitter feml-nazi trying to get back at the world, and i certainly didn't carve my bosses as payback for who they are. And beauty is not a curse,it's a commodity, and i've never had any illusions about what i do. bravo. Make sure you share that philosophy with your kids. my kids? Are you sure that you have the right person? I don't even have cats. yeah,but you're planning on having children,though,right? We do have records of your numerous visits to area sperm banks in the last 6 months. this was for something else. i'm sure. All that semen you took must have been for more than just making little lizs, like planting evidence at crime scenes. look,i know this sounds weird, but we were using all of this as an ingredient in a face cream. that's so stupefyingly bizarre, it's almost worth entertaining the thought. Was this in the face cream,too? 60 vials of melaphosphate. The same kind of tranquilizer the carver uses to paralyze his victims. i don't know about this order form. it has your signature on it. no,somebody forged that.That's not me. just like it wasn't you who helped keep rhea reynolds awake during her surgery. Motive and opportunity,liz. Judges look for that when they're signing arrest warrants. But what really gets them excited... is when you show them the means. We found this in your apartment. having a sex toy makes me a murder suspect now? my point is is that you strap this on. That tells me that you're not wearing it for your own enjoyment, you're wearing it for someone else, and since you don't have a relationship right now, i'm just wondering when you get a chance to use it. i don't. Not since wendy,and that was 2 years ago. oh,yes. Wendy. We spoke to her this afternoon. Cute girl. A bit young for you,though. Went back to her husband in case you hadn't heard. Turns out she was straight. nobody's perfect. that's not the real reason she left you,though,is it,liz? She told us you used to get a bit carried away in your lovemaking. What was the word she used? Vigorous. have a bit of a power issue,do we? yeah,well,someone in this room has a power issue,that's for sure. psychologically speaking,you're no different from the carver. i didn' anything! you have a history of standing up to social norms. You have a clear need to exercise power over those around you, and you had an access to the medical tools needed to carry out your plan. Tell me,now that i've had my face repaired, don't you just wish you could carve it again? sorry to keep you waiting,julia. Sean isn't joining you? no,not this time. I told him since we weren't married anymore, he's not obligated to come to every single gyno appointment. i see. what's the matter? Is something wrong? wE got the results of cvs. stop it. stay still or i swear to god you'll regret this. why are you doing this? i'm going to make you even prettier than your little girlfriend. You know,even my mom said you'd make a pretty girl. At first,i got mad at her, but now i can kind of see what she means. ariel,this whole thing's gone too far. It's gotten waydad seems mental,you seem... this is appletini green. It's what cherry wears. Do you recognize it? there was real love between us,ariel. I saw the real you and you blew me away. It's your dad. He got inside your head. He's an evil person,ariel, but you are not evil,you're amazing. You're more amazing than anyone i've ever known. hey,you crazy kids down here? you're a good person,ariel. You are not evil. Do not do this. oh,matt,i brought your friend. jesus christ! You crazy asshole! Cherry,what did he do to you? fool's got a gun. cherry and i had a nice little conversation about hurting innocent people. Give me that chair. Come on,move it. Move it over here by your boyfriend. Give me some room,will you,honey? dad,this isn't what we agreed on. We said we were just going to scare them. We were not gonna hurt them. tell me something. Do you like the fact that this infectious faggot has been sticking its tongue in your boyfriend's mouth? Is that ok with you,ariel? No. Is it ok with you that when people find out that my daughter has been screwing a homosexual that your reputation and mine are gonna be damaged beyond repair? dad,this isn't what we agreed on! no,and we also didn't agree that you'd fall in love with this little pervert! ariel,you call the cops. You call the cops! go on! I'll take care of it. ariel. shut up. what are you going to do? oh,don't you worry,pretty girl. I'm gonna make all your dreams come true. blood panel looks good,dr. Costa. All right,let's... oh,god! you stop your sniveling. I'm not going to use these on you. That would be barbaric. I just wanted to see if they had any rust on them before i trim the privet tomorrow. No,i'm going to use... yeah,this. Do you know what this is,matt? Hmm? no it's a box-cutter, which makes sense because i'm going to use it to give one of you the box that you so desperately crave. See,i just can't figure out which one of you is the girl in this relationship and which one's the man. Or do you take turns? Well,gentlemen,this is your lucky day because i'm here to help. One of you gets to be a woman. The only question is which one of you is prettier? Hmm? Hmm? Oh,my. Matt... you win. That shadow really brings out your eyes. Stand up. Come on,come on,come on. tell me what you don't like about yourself. You two are the most irritating,stubborn couple of assholes i've ever met. A year ago,i jet down to miami,the sodom of the south, to make a little statement with the naomi gaines girl, and you two have to pull a john wayne and destroy my beautiful work. how can you do this to people,quentin? You're a physician. exactly. And i came to this city of flesh to heal it, to free it from the tyranny of beauty. To save it,body and soul,from grotesque, unnecessary face lifts and ridiculous calf implants. But you two wouldn't let me be. I have to admit,i took it very personally. you should've taken it personally,you sack of shit! You think we're gonna let people walk around scarred for the rest of their lives? they weren't scarred,they were liberated. I think we need some surgery music. ah,i tried warning you. Hell,i'd say i was downright magnanimous with you,sean,in your bathroom. If you had just listened to me, i might not have had the need to escalate things and pop christian's cherry. bullshit. You're just a freaking eunuch who needs to rape people with a strap-on to make yourself feel like a man! how manly did you feel when i was owning your tight white ass,pretty boy? If you want to release someone from the prison of their reflection, you need to destroy them physically and sexually. I am not dahmer or bundy. I don't rape to possess, i rape to enlighten. like you enlightened kimber? kimber moved me. I had to save her. You turned her into a monster. I fixed her,released her from your gilded cage. you think some other plastic surgeons aren't just gonna take our places? oh,sean,please. Give me some credit. I'm not a killer. tell that to rhea reynolds. That's different.Rhea offended me. No,killing you won't stop other surgeons from fixing my patients. we've become desensitized to murder. Brutality,torture,barbarism... now those are headline grabbers. why,that blade's kinda dull. I'm afraid this is gonna hurt more than i thought. you won't get away with it,quentin. Now we know who you are. understood. But revealing my identity to you was the only way that i could assure that my message would be taken seriously. Who's gonna listen to the ramblings of some psychotic? But the well thought-out philosophy of a highly trained, highly skilled plastic surgeon? Now,those quotes end up on the front page of the times. My greatest fear is being relegated to the lunatic fringe. That's why i couldn't let you take all the credit for this,christian. I am neither a psychotic nor a shallow,mediocre surgeon. I'm an artist. What are you afraid of,hmm? Death? you know something? I can't do this. what are you doing? the question is: What are you doing? And the answer is... you're doing it to yourself. Take it. now... you've insulted me. Hmm? to a surgeon,what would be most precious? What would a surgeon be the most afraid of being without,hmm? A surgeon without his fingers. That's kinda like a man without a penis,no? No? cut it off,matt. i can't. ariel! I know you're up there! Please help me! that really doesn't do it for me. Kind of a let down. Do you know what separates us from beasts,huh? What allowed us to evolve, use tools,create this pisshole of a world we live in? Opposable thumbs. we can do this... and abracadabra... we have light beer and tivo. Without our thumbs,we're nothing. You know what they call a surgeon without his thumbs? Homeless. please! wait! Wait! take mine off instead. christian,don't! shut up,sean! Come on,quentin! One lame surgeon should be enough to prove your point! now this is starting to get really fascinating. now that sounds like a fair trade. But the only thing is... matt's got to do it. i don't know,christian. I mean,sean's a talent,you know? just leave him alone. This is really beautiful. You two really love each other. It's touching. But it's still not a fair trade. I want the whole hand. right or left? whichever one you want. I'll kill you with whatever i have left. ok. i'm strong,matt. It's ok. It's what i always wanted anyway. no. i can't do it. I can't do it,christian.I like you too much. I mean,we've made love,hmm? you're gonna have to do it. whoa! Hey! That is really hostile. You know,i would really be careful with that if i were you. I would hate for you to slip and slit your friend's throat with it. Do it,christian. Now! cut your other hand free,matt,and do it. There you go. Now cut it off on the count of 3. cut it off or i will kill you. i'm so sorry. it's ok. 1... 2... do it,christian. Do it! make sure you don't start the autopsy without me. look,we can save her. It's not murder yet. matt! You've taken your licks. You've learned your lesson. put that filthy tranny out of its misery. where do you think you're going? shoot me. I don't care anymore. get back here! You shovel that goddamn dirt into that grave or i swear your dead weight is gonna finish her off. did you not hear me? I don't care! You want two dead bodies? Shoot me. you haven't got the guts. You didn't have the guts to cut cherry, and you don't have the guts to pull that trigger now,do you,eugene? is he dead? i don't know,but he will be. matt? Please. do it. i see no reason to prolong my stay here in the states now that my work is finished. you must feel a sense of satisfaction,having closed the case, knowing you stopped someone from destroying more lives. killing a human being never feels good,dr. Mcnamara. he was a deranged psychopath,a murderer. but no one's born that way,are they? No child who's experienced what quentin experienced can be expected to grow up sane. The physical deformities he endured,abandoned by his parents,placed in a convent. how do you know? we uncovered a crude journal of sorts,begun in childhood. It provided us with clues to a secret past that he was determined to remember, but never to be revealed. He had a sister,a younger sister, even more hideously deformed than he was. The results of incest. Frontonasal dysplasia is the technical term. median cleft face syndrome. their parents sent them to an isolated convent in northern maine. The fruits of their carnal pleasure were too much to bear. Quenten's deformities could be cloaked, violet's could not. Perspective parents would come... violet,you have visitors. but quentin refused to let them be separated. and what happened? How did he go from being the boy you're describing... to the serial rapist he became? He was 15 when they left the convent. But quentin was driven and bright. He put himself through med school and became a plastic surgeon, determined to help his sister conform to our culture's demand for physical beauty... so that,finally,they could both be loved. beauty is a curse. violet underwent 8 surgeries at her brother's hand to repair the division in her face, to close the bones in her skull. 3 more attempts to repair the skin abnormalities so that finally others would look at her without gasping in horror. During the final surgery,before he could finish, xx she suffered a stroke and died. She was 29. so he blamed us? as plastic surgeons,you exploit the social pressures that caused her such agony. but he could have gone anywhere,some other practice. it's the sunshine state. The requirements for beauty are greatest here. He could make a statement and be heard. He could vent his rage here. we,uh,appreciate your diligence and your impeccable timing,kit. You saved our lives. i'm just glad that gina called 911 when she did. How is she? don't screw this up,asshole. I'm planning to get a book deal out of this, and i don't want to look like the joker on my dust jacket. what's the title gonna be? Even the carver wouldn't stick his dick in me? oh,that's nice,christian. what were you doing here,gina? I mean,talk about being at the wrong place at the wrong time. i was dropping off a christmas gift for him. I was invited to this big new year's eve party and with everything that happened with kimber, i thought you might actually be vulnerable enough to be my date. Maybe just be open to a petty screw. i would never be vulnerable enough to screw you again,gina. I wouldn't want to ruin our friendship. i'm just grateful that you were here,gina. If it wasn't for your 911 call, kit would never have made it here in time. what 911 call? Whatever he drugged me with knocked me out until after the police showed up. what took you so long? you know what? This reeks of obsessive-compulsive to me. Traveling all the way to northern maine so that we can visit some godforsaken orphanage. I don't see why this is our problem. because it's nobody else's. Cops don't want to hear about it. It's a high-profile case that's solved. That's it. No more questions. Case closed. Well,it's not closed for me. Kit lied about gina calling 911. What else did she lie about? what's coming here in person gonna solve,huh? Find out that the sisters of the most holy thorny crown are involved in the cover-up? i expect to find the truth, what kit said about quentin really happened and put this nightmare behind us. excuse me? May i help you? yes. An associate of ours who grew up here recently died. His name was quentin costa.We were hoping... dr. Costa? Will you wait here a moment? I'll go get mother mary claire. how did he die? Quentin. he was shot. Wrong place at the wrong time. It's under investigation. we understand he grew up here. yes. I'd only been here a short while when he came to us with his poor sister. They were very devoted to each other. he must have been heartbroken when she died. dear lord. She died as well?I had no idea. in her twenties. That's what we were told. that's not possible. Many of our children, they send us photographs around this time of year to keep in touch. I believe we received a picture from them 2-3 years ago. according to the police, violet died during a surgical procedure. violet? Her name's katherine. We called her kit. She relocated to a suburb outside london years ago. I don't have an address on her,i'm afraid. malaga,spain gracias. careful,sis. You remember what i had to do to you the last time you got too involved with a  I man. spent too much time creating your face to have to carve it up again. jealousy is so unattractive. You know christian was just a passing fancy. Is that why you managed to show up at his office right before i got him to take his own hand off? i arrived at the exact time we arranged. Don't you dare lecture me about that. You think i like having to carve you up and then shoot you? well,i'd have been more comfortable with the plan if you didn't decided to go off book and tell those two my entire life story. i needed them to understand you. You're not a deranged lunatic. You're a good man who struggled his whole life against odds that they can't even imagine. Now stop being such a whiny bitch and drink your sangria. What was the harm anyway?They think you're dead. did you see her? Her only birth defect was being born rich, and she still had her tits,nose,and lips done. and lipo. Perhaps i should pay her a house call. can't we just relax a few days? a doctor's work is never done. are you coming or what? do we have to wait for the water to boil? god,that smells so good. don't encourage him,julia. she already tasted my one dish. She's not that impressed,believe me. Honey,you want to set the table? you're really getting into this cooking now,aren't you? well,if this doesn't heal, i'm gonna have to learn to do something with my time. hey,you had the best microsurgeon in florida operate on your pinky. I think you're gonna be just fine. well... hello there. hey. Um... you mind if i crash your party? it's just a boring family dinner. i could use a little boring right now. well,in that case,why don't you help me watch the water boil,huh? um,can i talk to you for a minute before dinner? sure. what's up? The deed. I guess you're not gonna take me up on my offer. you didn't read it yet. I got the county clerk to put both our names on it. That way,we own the house together. I want the house,sean... but only if you're still in it. Please stay so that... we can have the baby here together? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents Sync:fisherchen