Your safe house isn't gonna be ready for a week. You could finish healing here. You shouldn't have brought them here, doctor. They're not prisoners. Mrs. Moretti's husband wasn't killed because he was talking to us. She killed him because he found out she was. I understand you're the one who made the appointment, Ms. Tedesco? Yes. In that case, tell me what you don't like about yourself. That's not why I'm here. Illana and I came here to speak on behalf of our daughters and to ask for your help. Oh? In what way? I should show you Hannah first. How did this happen? A carnival ride. Hannah's ponytail caught around one of the gears while it was moving. She couldn't get out of her seat, and the force just... ripped everything away. Aw, that's awful. I'm so sorry. How many grafts has she had so far? 18. No matter how many we do, every doctor I've talked to says she'll never look much better than she does now. Ms. Manning, your daughter was in the accident as well? Lisa, no. No. She has type one diabetes. She went into a coma 9 months ago. She's been on life support. Illana and I met at the hospital where Hannah was being treated. We're both single moms so the support meant a lot. And I'm the first one to bring it up. Bring up what? My daughter is clinically brain-dead. Her doctors think they can keep her alive maybe another 6 months. But I've decided to let her die with dignity, and I'd like to donate her face to Hannah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Donate her face? Yes. Right now we're looking for surgeons who would be willing to perform a facial transplant surgery. That procedure is still only theoretical. A surgeon in Rome performed a partial surgery, but-- All of the doctors we've interviewed in Europe and in the states, all of the research we've done over the past 6 months, proves the same theory. That because of advents in autoimmune therapy, a transplant that is successful is now possible. The problem has been finding suitable candidates and matching them with qualified surgeons. Now, Hannah and Lisa are ideal for this. They have similar bone structure, delicate features. And McNamara/Troy is one of the best teams out there. You were the doctors brave enough to perform the conjoined twin surgery last year. Yes, we did, but Dr. McNamara is no longer a part of this practice. Although, thankfully, Dr. Troy and I have continued to build on that stellar reputation. Ultimate success will depend largely upon immunosuppressive therapy following the surgery. Barring that, I really don't see any reason to turn down this request. There are some ethical considerations. Like what? Organ donation is generally an anonymous transaction. Removing your daughter's face, her identity, and transferring it to a relative stranger could be a disaster for you both, let alone Hannah. My daughter's identity, doctor, was her spirit, which is now gone. She can't go out in public. People stare. They make fun. My daughter had such confidence, you know. This is the only way for her to get back what she's lost. 50 years ago, people thought that kidney transplants were immoral. My daughter went into a coma waiting for a transplant because too many people still believe that. I understand, but donating a kidney is about saving a life. What we're talking about is very different. The risks involved in what is basically an elective surgery-- This is about saving a life, Dr. Troy. Before the accident Hannah was a beautiful girl with a bright future. This is the only way for her to look and feel and live like a normal person again. Please, give her that chance. That was my first good night's sleep in... I don't remember. Is there more coffee? What do you think smells better? Late afternoon thunderstorm or that first cup of coffee in the morning? Did you kill your husband? Why are you asking me that? I can't have any more dishonesty in this house, Nikki. I dealt with that in my marriage and my business. I need to hear the truth from you. Did you kill your husband? Where is all this coming from? I talked to Sagamore. He told me everything. How you got your husband drunk, then shot him in the head. That's premeditated murder. You have been lied to, Sean. Vic found out that I was talking to the FBI. He dragged me out of bed and tried to kill me. He used his fists, a chair. I managed to break free long enough to grab one of the guns he has in his nightstand. Even then I didn't want to shoot him. I just asked him to leave. He came at me and I pulled the trigger. If it was really self-defense, why didn't you just tell me? You trusted me enough to come home with me. To bring your son in my house. To sleep in my bed. Was that all just a lie, too? Does it really feel that way to you? I'm sorry. I wanted things to work so bad. The three of us. I liked thinking about a future together. You do? I've sort of felt the same thing. About the three of us. You just like my cooking. Sorry, honey, your cooking ain't that hot. But you are. So what you're saying is... there's hope here? If from here on out everything's on the table. There can't be any more lies about who we really are or what we do or what we've done. Take me back to bed. Well, that's not accurate. You didn't come 6 times, it was 7. Because I remember these things. Please. Look, of course it's gonna be an exclusive. Have I ever lied to you? Patient's name is Hannah Tedesco. T-E-D-E-S-C-O. Am I hard right now? With you, my love, it's always like a rock. Talk to you later, Chris. Guess whose literary agent contact just got us the lead story in next month's New england journal of medicine? Is Chris a girl or a boy? She's a girl, Christian. With a bit of a mustache problem, so I just pretend that she's a boy when I'm banging her in the ass. Nice. So's the publicity that this Tedesco surgery is gonna bring in. This is a goddamn windfall. This is exactly what you and I need to increase our profile in the international medical community. This is gonna totally change the face of this business. Pun intended. The face of this business has never been to exploit a surgery, especially before we know the results. Hey, win or lose, we're gonna wind up on the front page of the New York Times if we spin this properly. And guess what? If this doesn't work, we are not gonna get blamed for it, the patient's immune system will. Thank you for squeezing me in. Your head nurse said you were just crazy preparing for some big surgery. Tell me what you don't like about yourself, Mrs. Eubanks. My husband doesn't want to have sex with me anymore. That's entirely too upsetting, isn't it? He only likes screwing your fiancee. Excuse me? Kimber Henry. She's you're fiancee, right? I read about your engagement on spankgossip.com. Go back to the part about your husband screwing my fiancee. Her doll. The life-size Ms. Kimber doll she has on the market. That's what I meant. Your husband has one of those? Oh, yeah. I bought it for him. Why? You're not married yet, so you probably don't have this problem, but Mark and I have been together almost 10 years, and the sex gets a little routine. So I bought the doll to spice things up. Mark flipped. He loved to twist her in all these crazy positions, and dress her up in lingerie, and do us both at the same time. How can I help you, Mrs. Eubanks? Oh, well, about 6 months ago Mark stopped having sex with me and would only get off with the doll. Sometimes 4 times a day. I know this sounds crazy, but if I don't change something now, I'm gonna lose him. What are you suggesting? Nothing too radical. Maybe go up a cup size, lift my ass a little bit, and, if you think I need it, reshaping my... you know... place... like hers. You want me to make you look like a Kimber doll? What better person to go to than the man who sleeps with the original, right? Let me save you a lot of money, ok? Throw the doll away when your husband's not home. That way, he has to sleep with you. Are you crazy? He'd kill me. I swear, I think Mark is in love with her. Mrs. Eubanks, not to be cruel, but have you no sense of self? My husband would rather screw a doll than me, ok? I think my sense of self is pretty much in the toilet. Please, I want to be my husband's fantasy again. Make me like Kimber. My mom tried tossing a baseball with me once. She was horrible. Weren't you, mom? Hey, at least I get points for trying, don't I? You must've played a lot of catch with your dad. No. He never wanted to. He wasn't cool like you are. That doesn't mean you can hog the ball now. Pop fly. Hey, look at that. Future hall-of-famer right there. Sean! Austin! What? I'm sorry. He was supposed to catch it. You're right, it was my fault. No, no, no. I'll take this to the bathroom, run some water on it. Thank you. What are you doing, you crazy kook? Help me out. He's a cute kid. That one you were playing catch with. I thought I'd never get you alone. Who are you? Who sent you? What are you doing? How'd you find us? I don't know what you're talking about. You're the one who gave me the sign. Sign? What sign? The glory hole sign. That's what men use this bathroom for. You thought I wanted to give you a blow job? Why else would you be staring at me like that? It's ok. So we got our signals crossed. You gonna let me go or what? Asshole. You're lucky I don't call a cop. Next time don't be such a flirty bitch, we won't have that problem. I hope you're hungry because we got way too much food. We have to go. What? I'm sorry, this is wonderful, but we have to. Take Austin and go wait in the car. What is going on? Did somebody follow us? No, no. I--I'm just not feeling well all of a sudden. I get allergies and, you know, they get serious. We can still have the picnic at home. It'll be fine. Let's just go. When do we start? Ms. Manning? As soon as you're ready, we can begin. 27 hours. That's how long my labor was. I used to think the hardest thing I ever did was give birth to her. I never imagined how much worse it would be to send her from this world. Take as much time as you need. No, I'm ok. I'm ready. Ok. I'll see you again soon, ok, sweetheart? Ok. Is--is it all right if I do it? Doctor. We're not gonna rush her. Stop looking at your watch. Why in the hell are you so jumpy? Oh. I'm not jumpy, I'm excited. This is what life's about, Christian. Pushing your talents to the limits. Seeing what you're made of. Well, she just gave up her daughter. You need to respect that. All right. Let's do it. Are you hot? Is it hot in here? Uh, can you turn up the air? Marker. Marker. You ready? Christian, are you ready? Well, it's 3:15, so we have until 6:00 to get this back to the office for reattachment. This is gonna be an all-nighter. Maybe it's not a bad idea for us to pull in another surgeon for the second phase. Well, I think between the two of us, we're more than capable of doing the work... and reaping the rewards. I had to promise him you two would play more catch tomorrow. He's really upset. What happened in the park, Sean? One minute we're having a great time. The next we're being thrown into a car. You were the one who said we have to start being completely honest with each other. - If you can't do that now-- - Something did happen. In the bathroom. There was some guy I thought was following us. And I knocked him out. You did what? He was some pervert. He followed me to the bathroom. He said the wrong thing, and I mistakenly thought he wanted to hurt you... us. And I knocked him out. I didn't say anything because I didn't want you to overreact and think you and Austin were in any kind of danger. What happened was a complete case of mistaken identity. That's all. I knew it. I could feel somebody watching us. He waited until we separated and then he went for you first. But I told you, he was just some kind of-- No. You don't understand who these people are, Sean, how they operate. They know I changed my face, and they will track you down first to get to me and Austin. You didn't overreact at all. All right, let's just calm down and be rational, ok? We have to leave. I'm sorry. It's too dangerous for us now. Leave? That's it? You're just gonna disappear now? This is exactly the reaction I didn't want. If we stay together, we could all wind up dead. What if I joined the program? If we both get new identities, they'll never find us. You would do that? Leave everything? Just disappear? I already have, remember? I'm gonna go change. Then you and I have to have a talk. Hi, sweetie. Who's in the living room? You don't recognize her? Perfect. You're gonna love this. Ms. Kimber, could you come into the bedroom, please? Honey, you remember Colleen Eubanks, don't you? You gave her a consult yesterday. After our meeting, I got the feeling you weren't gonna do the work. Then I figured, why not go straight to the source? We talked all about the problem with her husband, and I felt so bad. But then I had a great idea. And you were right, by the way. Surgery was way too extreme. All men really want is the fantasy, right. It's why the doll works. So I thought I would give Colleen a few tips on how to be Kimber. Like the walk... the pouty face... - how to push your tits up so-- - Stop it! This is ridiculous. I'm tired, and I need to prepare for surgery. I don't need to deal with any of this frivolous bullshit. And get out of my apartment. And when you go home you tell your husband that you both need to go to therapy. Go. Go! I don't want you doing this anymore. You could've told me in private. Maybe spared the poor girl her feelings. No, no, no. I mean, I don't want you in the porn business anymore. Period. And I want you to stop selling those dolls. Do you realize how many men are boning you right now? I went online. Hundreds of those things have been sold. 1,238. Each sale is $8,000 in my pocket, by the way. Well, now we're getting married, you don't need the money. But it's not about the money, Christian. This--this is about my career. How would you feel if I took a mold of my cock, passed it around south beach and called it a career? If you thought it was a solid business venture, I would let you. Now you're just full of shit. Well, at least I wouldn't be so uptight about it. And I would still love you. Knowing that all those other women are getting off because of me wouldn't bother you? I wouldn't have a problem with women objectifying you. Please. What matters to me is that I see you for who you are. I think the problem here is that you don't see me. I'm not a doll, Christian. I'm not gonna let you treat me like one either. Well, I'm not spending the rest of my life married to a porn star! Well, no one is forcing you. Give up the porn business or give up the wedding. Your choice. Nice. I think that's it for the den if you want to seal that box up. We took this on Annie's birthday last year. You have a beautiful daughter. - How old? - 9. Julia and I planned this big surprise party that year. We always loved planning parties for the kids. Are you sure you're ready to do this, Sean? Absolutely. Go get the tape and I'll seal this one up. You weren't answering your phone. I couldn't take the chance that you were avoiding my calls. Leaving again already? Where to this time? Not sure yet. Alone? I was going to call you. I've just been busy packing and I... You can't leave just yet. I need you in surgery. Right now. McNamara/Troy isn't my life anymore. I can't just run into surgery and assist. I'm in the middle of packing up my home. And Quentin and I are in the middle of a facial transplant. We already removed the donor tissue. We're operating in less than an hour. How did you get involved in an allotransplantation? I'll explain on the way. We don't have much time. Come on, Sean. I'm not asking you to rejoin the practice, for Christ's sake. I know this is hard for you, Christian. I've been either at your side or in the next room for every one of your surgeries, but you need to get used to having an identity as a doctor without me. Quentin is completely capable. More capable than I am for this surgery, as a matter of fact. Quentin is on drugs. He was high the whole way through the first surgery. He was jumpy, sweating bullets. Maybe he was just nervous. I've done a lot of blow in my day, Sean. I know the symptoms when somebody's doing too much. Ok, look. This isn't about me. It's about a patient. A young girl. She deserves to be more than just a failed ego-driven experiment written up in medical journals. You have a daughter. Think of it from her mother's perspective. You coming or what? Now what are you doing here? I asked him to assist. Sean has the most experience when it comes to micro-vascular anastomosis. We really should never have attempted this without him. This is a joke, right? Well, I appreciate the vote of confidence, Christian, but I told you, I am not gonna let anyone step in and finish what I started. I don't have to ask permission, Quentin. This is still my practice. That I've been running while you've been awol. Don't even try pulling rank on me, Sean. We're not gonna argue with you, Quentin. We're doing what's best for the patient. Things went so well earlier, why are you trying to blow this now? Speaking of blow, why were you so jumpy this afternoon? What are you talking about? I know what cocaine abuse looks like. You're not fooling anyone. And if anyone found out, you'd not only lose your license, we'd get sued for negligence. You could single-handedly destroy what's left of this practice. I see. Yeah, I see what's going on here. I bring in a surgical procedure that can re-invent this practice in an unprecedented way and you guys figure why not malign my reputation and take all the credit for yourself, is that it? That's bullshit, and it's not gonna work. Bullshit? Your pupils are dilated. Hold out your hand. So you can smack it. So I can see if it's shaky. She's been under for almost half an hour, guys. Can you hurry it up? You have 2 choices, Quentin. You can either leave and read about the surgery in the paper tomorrow with everyone else, or you can come in there and assist. We'll even let you pick out the music. Superficial temporal vessels look trashed. Let's start with the external carotid. Expose those first. Microscope. 15 blade. Scissors. Clamp. You good? Take the microscope out. Thank you, nurse. Let's tie in the mitek screws. - You good? - Yep. The flap fits perfectly. It's still not a face until you have some structure behind it. Bring the microscope. Glue. Glue. Let's put a light bandage on her, no pressure. The next 24 hours are the most critical. Why don't you go home, take a shower? We'll call you if there's any change. That was exhausting. Scary. Tedious. That's the most fun I've had in years. - Liz. - Yeah? It's good to see you again. Good to see you. Thank you, Liz. And thank you, by the way. I couldn't have done it without you. You're not really leaving me again, are you? Sticking me with Quentin? You know I can't run this practice with him now. I guess you'll have to find a way. I'm coming. Hi. Can I come in? Nope. Oh, I'm sorry. Is she not here yet? I thought our appointment was at 9:00, but maybe she did say 10:00. I'll call her right now. You know what? Don't bother. Why don't you just come in? She should be back soon. I'm sorry about what happened yesterday. Kimber told me how stressful your job can be. And I completely understood why you blew up. It's exciting, though, isn't it? I'm telling all my girlfriends about our workshops now. Workshops? Yeah. Bring out the porn star in you? It's such a great idea. Very empowering for women, I think. You know, I was in surgery all night. I'm a little out of the loop. Oh, maybe she meant it as a surprise. I should have-- No, no, no, no. She mentioned it before. I just wasn't listening. Tell me. Well, Kimber thought she'd sell the program in tandem with the doll. Women could sign up for these weekend workshops and learn all about how to be a porn star in the bedroom. It's a great way to spice up a marriage, don't you think? Definitely. And I think it's a great idea if I'm there to give some tips, as well. You said it yourself. Nobody knows Kimber better than the man who sleeps with the original. Right? So... why don't you show me what you've learned so far? Colleen, sweetheart, if you wanna be like Kimber, you can't be shy. Hey, baby. See anything you like? Wow. If I didn't know any better, I'd think you were Kimber. Really? You certainly fooled me. Do I kiss like her, too? Better. Now let's see how you taste. I figured I'd put the house on the market once we settle in the new location. Packing is pretty much done. We should be ready to leave in a day or so. Good. For now. I was hoping you could help me get a new driver's license. Nicole. Could you excuse Sean and me for a moment? Some security question I need for him to answer. Can I see your hands? Are you really serious about this, Sean? About joining the program? Because once I start the ball rolling, there won't be any going back to your old life. I understand that. So you understand that if you go on the run with Nikki, you will have made the same enemy she has. Just tell me what I have to do. All right. Well, first thing we have to do is get rid of your fingerprints. This is a diluted form of sulfuric acid. It might sting a bit. Why is this necessary? A new identity isn't just changing a driver's license. It's about death, killing what's left of the old you. Fingerprints are the most unique characteristic everyone has. In order to truly disappear, you'll have to lose yours, or risk leaving a trail. Wait. I can't do this. I'm a surgeon. I need my hands to work. If something goes wrong- You can't be a surgeon anymore, Sean. You'll have to give that up, too. Why can't I practice medicine? You use your medical license to get a job, you leave another trail. It's too dangerous. What am I supposed to do? I'm not trained for anything else. There's always a car salesman, U.P.S. delivery man, entry-level stuff. Well, I can't support a family on that kind of pay cut. Your family isn't there for you anymore, Sean. You get back in touch with them, even sending the money anonymously, you leave another trail. You'll be putting everyone at risk. I can never see any of them again? If you wanna do what's best for you and Nikki, you're gonna have to say good-bye to somebody forever. My baby. Blood flow seems strong. There's no sign of infection. We're stable. Ms. Manning, I don't think now is the best time. No, please. Let her come in. This is her daughter, too. We did it. Thank you. Thank you. I tried the front door, but nobody answered. Oh, I just got out of the shower. I'm running late for work. What are you doing here? Just came by to... see how you were doing. Oh, um, coffee? How does this look? My outfit. It's new. It looks great. I spent way too much money on it. Business must be going good then. Oh, it couldn't be better. Actually, I learned a lot from you, about how run a tight ship. You were always good at that. Is Annie still here? No. Matt took her to rehearsal. She has that solo in the school musical, remember? She's been practicing for three months. You are coming to the show next week? Absolutely. I wouldn't miss it for the world. Oh, my watch. Excuse me. Come in. What are you doing here? I thought you'd be out somewhere turning housewives into happy hookers. Colleen cancelled her appointment. Said she didn't need me anymore. All her problems were over. She seemed very happy when I left her. Just in case you're curious, married women do have the best sex. Too bad you'll never get a chance to test that theory. I know you slept with her, Christian. I could tell by the tone of your voice. It's the same one I have after having three orgasms. 4. She really couldn't get enough. Well, it's just like I taught her. At first I was pissed. But then I figured if hundreds of men can use my doll to get off four times a day, you screwing one Kimber wannabe isn't the end of the world. Was kind of flattered, actually. I mean you cheated on me, but with me. So I can screw all your graduates now? I'm not gonna do it anymore. I've decided to give up porn. I wanna be your wife, Christian. That means more to me than being some video director. Not so fast. A prenup? It's a fidelity prenup. I had my lawyers draw it up. It states that after the wedding, we agree on two things, ok? No more porn for me and no more affairs for you. I'm still a business woman with assets, you know? I've got a reputation to protect. Oh, don't worry, there's a clause in there that still allows for threesomes. Well, I don't wanna kill our sex life just because we're getting married either. Tell me, was she anywhere near as good as I am? Nothing is better than the original, baby. Wow. He did a really nice job. The doctor who did your face. I like the new look. How did you find me? Just because you change your face don't mean you disappear. You really do look like a whole new person. Except you've got the same rat eyes. Sorry, sweetie. I ain't as slow as your dead husband. You don't need to do this. This is the part of my job I really enjoy. Please. I love it when they beg, too. Here's a question. Do you think that in heaven you and Austin will both look like you do now, or how you looked before the surgery? My son. Please don't hurt him. It's too late. Nikki? Sean, it's Christian. We have a problem. We did the best we could, Sean. The vascular reattachments were flawless. Her body just rejected the tissue. I wonder what it would've felt like growing up with someone else's face. See a complete stranger every time you looked in the mirror. Well, if we want to spin this in our favor, at least we can say she's still alive. I can't find any music that feels appropriate right now. That's fine. We need to concentrate.