- This isn't a joke. Matt and I exchanged our vows 3 days ago. That's right. We're pregnant. We going somewhere? You are going nowhere, which is why I am leaving. What about jJenna? Jenna will be at Ram's with the nanny, and that's where she will be staying when I am not with her. Mr. Mcnamara? I'm Colleen Rose. You have a very naturalistic process. Seanie, I need you tomorrow morning, 6 a.m. reshoot. - Excuse me. - No, excuse me. I'm executive producer and creative at Hearts and Scalpels. And I'm Sean's agent. Next week you have a nude scene. - It's undignified... - I told that Freddy, forget it! You get to keep that scrumptious weenie of yours under wraps. Hey, cookie. Got us some jamba juice. I've got bana berry or razzmatazz which one do you want? Eden, right? Are you looking for Sean? I think he's hanging out with the extras, somewhere... No, actually, I took the studio tour and snuck away. I've always wondered if the big stars have beds in their trailer. I am big, darling. - Do we have enough time? - They'll wait. I run this show.</i> In fact, I run the whole goddamn network.</i> - Is this some sort of joke? - I just don't understand why I'm here. You are here because you are the new star of Hearts and Scalpels! You put that bitch up to it to set me up! - I'm in the middle of a surgery here. - Hi, Sean. We're CAA, and we want to be in the Sean Mcnamara business. You will not take away my star! Not take away my Sean. What are you doing here, Colleen? I'm calling 911. I think it's a good idea. I'd rather stick with the cold phone call. I want to look younger, like I did when we met. That's kind of what New York's about, too. New York? I accepted a position at NYU's teaching hospital. We're moving back in 3 weeks. - She's in v-tac. Her rate's 150. - Call 911. We lost her. Olivia's dead. New York's gonna be so strange without her now. You're still going? Yeah? Can you stay a while? Just until I fall asleep? I'm not your significant other. Well, you are kind of. I mean... not really, but sort of. Christian, I don't like men. - I like you. - I feel exactly the same way. Most of the time you drive me batshit, but you're the only woman I really trust. - Can I talk to you about something? - Liz won't be coming over tonight. She resigned. She's moving back to miami. Tell us what you don't like about yourself, Mr. Skerritt. The size of my penis. - A penis enlargement, great. - Not an enlargement, a reduction. I've got a tyrannosaurus prick. I'm a yoga instructor, a few months ago I was at a retreat up in Big Sur. It was 6 weeks, intensive, my body really started to open up. And one day I was in plow, and I just started sinking deeper and deeper... So was your penis prohibiting you from achieving certain poses? No. I can't stop sucking on it. - You mean metaphorically? - No, I mean, I spend almost all day in my apartment with my dick in my mouth. Giant penis plus incredible flexibility equals the best blow job you have ever had. Self fellatio, that's impossible. - Mr. Skerritt, that's not... - No, no, wait, wait. You can... you can do that? I can't hold down a job. And forget about a relationship, because... nobody gets me off the way I can. You guys have to help me. I spend almost... every waking hour with myself. I know, it sounds like a joke. But, it's a goddamn curse. Don't you think you should maybe see a therapist? You know, to deal with your compulsive behavior? I've tried shrinks. I even tried the drugs they prescribe. But nothing is as strong as the impulse. Look, you guys staple fatty's stomachs so they won't eat. What's the difference? Well, the difference is there's no known surgery for a penis reduction. You can understand how that procedure might not be in high demand. So... how many inches do you want to lose? I don't know. Just enough so I'd have to break my back to get a taste. 2 inches? Well, we're gonna have to research some options and get back to you. Just do it quick. I'm desperate, man. Will you stop with the judgmental looks? Don't tell me you guys have never tried it. That close. What? Let me be clear, Kimmy. I will never, ever do another surgery on you again. That's great, because I look and feel fantastic these days. I'm not the one who needs the touch-up. She does. Hello. I see. So you've gone from stupid - to completely insane. - Make fun of me all you want, grandpa, but thanks to my... tireless devotion, your granddaughter has just been signed to the hottest baby modeling agency in town. But in order to book the high-end campaigns, we're gonna have to do something about her mouth. - Her mouth? - The Steves, her agents... Steve Meyer and Steve Freedman said she was perfection, right? Other than her thin, villainous lips. Which she did not get from my side, by the way, so it had to have come from that witch. Linda, do you mind stop practicing your putting and get your butt in here, please? Are you gonna give her the injections right now? That's fantastic. Love of my life. Would you do me a favor and take little Jenna, and give her a fruit bowl? Come here, you sweet little thing. Oh, my goodness. Aren't you so sweet? Why don't you go with her while I have a little chat with Joan Crawford. I knew you would have issues with this! There is not a plastic surgeon alive who would operate on a baby, including me. There are a number of plastic surgeons right here in Beverly Hills - who do work on babies. - Really? Name one. I don't know their names, but I know that the Steves refer all their clients to them. They do restylane, botox, lipo. Kimber, get out. Answer me this, who's gonna pay for her college education? Your son, that zero? You touch one flaxen hair on the head of that baby, and I swear to you, I will get custody of Jenna. You and I have gone to such tragic lengths to feel loved because we weren't valued as children. Now, I am determined to give our Jenna a shot at feeling special, and to develop her sense of self and her value. And I will move heaven and earth to give that to her, because nobody did that for me. So are you on board with that? Botox on a baby? It's criminal. You need to go talk to those modeling agents. Kimber would never touch Jenna now. I'll put the fear of god in her. It's not just for Jenna. You have a moral obligation to find out the names of the quacks they're using before they hurt any more kids. You figure out how to turtle Mr. Skerritt's dong, and I'll get right on it. The principal would just be the inverse of the funditory and suspense religament release we do for a penis enlargement. Makes sense. Tighten the ligaments, shrink the wang. Yeah. You know, if Liz were here, she'd be giving us a lecture right now about how Mr. Skerritt's compulsive self-fellating is just another example of our narcissistic society. Isn't it nice not to hear her vagina monologues anymore? I tell you, screw Liz. She walked out on us. No, she walked out on you. How can someone as self-involved as you not see that this is all your fault? I accept responsibility, which is why I'm taking care of finding a replacement. I talked to a headhunter yesterday, he's sent over a stack of resumes. And what qualifications did you give him? Must have big tits and a willingness to give blow jobs? No. You put the resumes on my desk, OK? I'm not getting stuck with some mediocre doctor just because she happens to be a nice piece of ass. - If I may ask, Theodora... - Call my Teddy. - Who is Harley? - That's my hog. It's a motorcycle. I race in the desert. That would explain the motto on your other arm. I got that after a wild night at Coachella. And how do your patients react to these uplifting tattoos? I've only ever gotten complaints from other physicians. Uptight old farts. Well, Dr. Rowe... you certainly like to live dangerously. I like to live, period. Look, I am very good at what I do. To get this job, do I need permission from you to be who I am? If so, let me know now. I'm out the door. - You were first in your class at UCLA? - I cheated. Kidding. I just happen to pick things up pretty fast. - You're lucky. - Maybe. Maybe I just get bored quickly. I see. So... what guarantee do I have that you'll stay if we hire you? There are no guarantees in life, doctor. But I do promise if I take the job, I will only take it if I find the place interesting. And, how... how do we seem so far? So far, so good. What about you? Your vitae is certainly outstanding, so... Anything else you find interesting? Why do I suddenly feel like you're interviewing me? I am. Oh, my. She said granddaddy had good genes, but we're talking extra special genes. I don't know if Kimber's filled you in, but she's getting in on the ground floor of a billion dollar industry... make-up, accessories, and of course, fashion. Armani, Gucci. Everybody wants in, everybody's paying. We think Jenna can be the next baby Cindy Crawford. So what's all this talk about changing her? Dr. Troy, in theatrical parlance, Jenna has thin, villainous lips. People don't like that look on babies. They like full, bee-stung, sensual lips. That is really sick. Try to think of it in another way. You were circumcised, I presume? Would you call yourself scarred or traumatized by that procedure? Probably what scarred you was more about being misunderstood or unloved by your friends and family. That's a good answer, Steve, that's very good. So who you go to, baby plastic surgeons? I'm curious if I know any of them. We don't disclose that information. I'm sorry. I thought we came here today because you're interested in Jenna's future. Right, yep. It's the baby Dior people. They want to book little Amber for the fall collection.</i> Hello, Mary, we're thrilled. What's the offer? We're looking for 5 digits, Mary. 10,000 a day. 10,000! I had to do anal for that kind of money. A limo with a fully stocked bar for mom and all wardrobe becomes property of baby Amber. Love you, Mary. Stevie sends kisses. So... where were we? What type of augmentation did baby Amber receive? She was a scowler. There's cute crying, with the tender little tears, and then there's angry, scowly crying. People don't like that. So she was given a little benadryl lolly to keep her calm, and 4 units of botox. She was a beautiful girl before the botox. She's a beautiful girl now. The only difference is, now her college fund is full. Could you tell Christian how horrible and demeaning catalog work is? The kind that you said that Jenna would only book if she didn't do the lip filler. It only pays about 275 a day. And be prepared to wait in hallways with a sea of snotty tots and poorly-groomed moms. I'm onto you guys. Why actually go out and hustle when you can beat the competition with chemicals? Come on, Kimmy. We're out of here. We are not sharing Jenna's fortune with these lazy scumbags. I'll be her manager. Good luck with that. Sean bear! Oh, man. I could use a cigarette right now. Or a jamba juice. You're insatiable, Colleen. You're what fills me up, Seanie bear. You, and your scrumptious, super-sized weenie. Let's do it one more time before we eat, OK? I'm gonna make you hit an E flat. Then you can run out to hooters, you can pick me up some hot wings. Oh, hooters. Oh, my god. Aidan, this is insane. I know. I wrote the shit out of that script. No. It's completely inaccurate. I never slept with Colleen. That's artistic license, dude. It's called increasing the stakes, raising the drama. What we're doing is we're taking the viewer on a journey, Sean. Keep reading, you're gonna like it. No, Julia. I said no, goddamnit! Yes, I screwed a hot teen, but I'm not losing my children over it. The only way you'll get custody over my children is over my dead body, woman! Damn it! Why? Hey, Christian, I didn't see you there, buddy. How was your day, partner? Rough one, huh? Yeah, me too. I got a face transplant at 7 A.M. I better hit the sack. Don't stay up too late. You killed Christian? I didn't know what to do with his character anymore. What did you do?! I gave you everything, cookie. How could you leave me for the CIA? The CIA? - I left colleen for CAA! - I know. How cool is it that I made you a spy? What's the big diff, anyway? CIA, CAA. They're both big and scary and they think they rule the world. No. I'm not selling you the rights to my story, no way. Look, Sean. You owe me. Ever since I got out of sex rehab cause of your little set up with Eden. - I didn't set you up... - Don't even go there. Next thing, I can't get a job. Freddy replaces me with Ricky Schroeder. I am depressed. And I say, you know what, screw him, I'm Costner, man. I'm a triple threat. I write this script on spec, lifetime. The network picks it up. The Fairchild attaches herself to play Colleen. Come on, Sean! This is my comeback! Deadly Tightrope the Sean McNamara story It's my dances with wolves, man. I'm giving myself to you, I'm sacrificing myself for you. I'm unarmed. What we are gonna do? We're gonna kill some indians? We're not going to kill them. We're going to help them. You're going to read it. Just read it, Sean. Just read the whole thing. The ending's amazing. Then we'll talk. I'll call you in the A.M., or you call me. I'll let you sleep on it. I love you. See ya. Maybe she needs some food. We've been here over an hour. No, I've fed her twice already. I'm just trying to keep her from napping. She's hot. Honey, do you wanna play Patty Cake? No? I'll be right back. Excuse me, miss? Miss, excuse me. Why did that lady just go straight in there? - We've been here since noon. - She had an appointment. An appointment! We had an appointment an hour ago. You're not with the Steves, are you? They always get in first. That is bullshit! Come on, Kimber, we're going in. Let's go. Get the kid, we're going in. I'm sorry, we still have one more mom... Listen, lady. They're not going to get the job. We are. This is so Hollywood. See, honey, look. That's called a fake beach. Hi. I'm Christian Troy. I'm the little starlet's manager and this is Kimber Henry, her mother. - Next. Thank you very much. - Excuse me? Not what we're looking for. Have reception show the next one in. Is it because she's too fat? Because she doesn't need to eat the day of the shoot. You can't just dismiss us like that. She's the most beautiful girl. 'fraid not. Thanks for comin'. This thing's for those sunglasses, right? Over here. Let's take a look, all right? Hey, come on, sweetie. Show this lady. Hey, look, the kid is a star. You want the honest truth? Cover her ears, sweetie. You'll never get her a national campaign. Not with those thin, villainous lips. That's my job. Since when is the anesthesiologist not allowed to see the patient's body? I would just prefer it if we followed protocol. Oh, my god in heaven! Linda, get over here. Linda, you stay right where you are. Teddy, that's enough. Why would a guy write "nam" on his dick? He looks way too young to have ever served over there. It doesn't say "nam," OK? Namaste. Namaste home at night and play with that thing, - Oh, yeah. - All right, that's enough. I've gotta get a picture of this first. Absolutely not. That's unethical. Then I won't ask you to take it. You do it, linda. - It's not funny, Teddy. - Oh, Sean, relax. - No one will find out. - Ah, give me that. Now I know why Linda said the other guy's the fun one. Fine. I'll get in there. I'm not a tight ass, you know? - I can kick back. - Stretch it out. I'll do it. OK, that's great. Fantastic. Come on, smile. Get down, oh, yeah. Oh, guys, that's fantastic. I love that one. Oh, my god. One more. Come on, just... Holy shit! Take one of me with that monster! - What the hell are you doing here?! - I'm shadowing you, bro. - For the movie. - OK. Great. Perfect. Get one of me with my lips on it. Wait, maybe that would make me gay. We just took a picture for our medical records, OK? Oh, all right. But what is he? Is he like a circus freak? - I've never seen anything like it. - A yogi, addicted to sucking himself off. God, if I could do that, I swear, I would never watch tv. Let's see how long it can get. - That's enough. - Don't... you're suffocating him. - Did you read the script yet? - I told you, I'm not interested in having a movie made about my life. And that script is full of lies. Come on, at the end of it, you come out looking amazing. The last scene,when you read it, you're the hero. You off Colleen, you save your daughter. What else could you want? And don't forget the nuclear bomb under the operating table. - You don't like it? Easy lift. - That's it. - It's an easy lift. - This negotiation is over. That's it. - Out, out. - What? Well... you know what, I don't like your fancy costumes, anyway. And your... medical jargon, your fancy talks. Doesn't even fit me! None of this fits me! I'm gonna scrub up. Prep him. Collagen's a natural substance. Babies get their ears pierced, right? Do you consider that child abuse? No. Come on, do it. No. I'm not doing this. You are a stupid wimp just like your pathetic son. To baby Jenna. To baby Burberry. To my new best friends. Cheers. Dude. Watch it, you're gonna strain your milk, buddy. Oh, it's OK. Stretching helps the circulation. I'll heal up faster. Are you here to check my stitches? I know it's hard to believe, but I'm not really a doctor. OK. I'm sorry. Who are you? Get your head out of the ashram. Watch some television. Seriously. I can't. I don't own one. You... neither would I if I were swinging your club. I guess doctor-patient confidentiality doesn't mean shit around here. No, you know what, you're absolutely right. You know, your doctor, Sean Mcnamara, narcissistic prick. He's a ruiner of lives. I've observed this firsthand. I've been following him in anticipation of a television event I'm about to film. I was there when he snapped a photo of your super dick. - What? - Yeah, he did. I am a... phenomenal actor. And even I couldn't hide my distaste at his despicable actions. - Why would he do that?! - That's a great question. Why would he? Is he jealous? Is he? Is he jealous of your god-given gift, your beautiful, beautiful gift? I don't know. It's possible. I can understand that. OK... - does he still have the pictures? - I don't know. I don't know, but don't worry, I am on your side. - Thank you. - We are going to figure this out. We're gonna figure... you know what you should do? This is your chance to cash in. I know you guys take a vow of poverty or something. All you own is a pair of sweaty shorts and an incense burner, am I right? - Cash in! - Oh, my god. I should get a lawyer. Yes, yes! You should get a lawyer. You should sue the pants off them. Now teach me how you did it, myagi. - ... your hands on it, looks good. - And the arms.</i> Put down that coffee cup. You don't work here anymore. - Excuse me? - You're fired. - You can't fire her. - I can do whatever I goddamn like when it comes to violating the rules of the american board. One of which just happens to be taking pornographic photographs of a patient under anesthesia. I just got an earful from suck me off in there, and he's threatening to get a lawyer. Aidan. So you did. You actually took a sears family picture of you two and that guy's dick. That is just not funny. - Yes, it is. - No, it's not! Look, it was terrible what we did. We weren't thinking. But it wasn't meant for publication. We were just trying to relieve the stress of being snake-wranglers. When did I become the responsible one? Do you realize how ugly this could get? Relax, there is no evidence I erased all the pictures. This guy is a yoga teacher. He lives off canned lentils. Throw him a bone. He'll leave here thinking he won the lottery. I don't want to relax, sweetheart. And where am I gonna get this bone from? Petty cash? We could sell a pair of your shoes. Yeah, that's real funny. You hired her. You fix this. - That's terrible. - Sorry, it is. - We should never have done that. - Sorry. You eaten yet? There's nothing to eat. I was gonna grab some dinner. - You want to come? - Nope. I ordered chinese for me. Come on. I'm sorry about what happened. It was stupid and immature, and how can I be talked into something that was just... so much fun? When's the last time I cut loose? Before Julia left? Maybe I'm just not supposed to give a shit about having fun. Maybe you reach a certain age, and... fun just isn't what life's about. Certainly hasn't been what my life's about. Hurts, doesn't it? Probably not as bad as when you stuck a needle into my daughter's mouth! What the hell is wrong with you? It's sterile and there's nothing in it. Very different from the crap you shot into Jenna's lips so she could sign some modeling contract. - Did you actually do that? - Of course not! Stop lying, man! I just picked her up from a play date she looks like she's got a damn innertube in her upper lip! That was my daughter, how could you do that? It wasn't me, you asshole. Did you ever think about Kimber? Where's your phone? - I swear to god... - Shut up! What do you want? I'm shopping. It's Christian on speakerphone with Matt so he can hear. Who did you get to shoot up my granddaughter? Both of you need to calm down. There's nothing wrong with Jenna. Her lips are fine. - I'm the one who gave her the shot. - You did what?! I've been injected a thousand times. I know where to aim and I know how hard to squeeze. It's completely safe. I simply borrowed the supplies from Christian when he refused to do it,</i> and now Jenna's a star. Alley cats who dump their litters in gutters make better mothers than you. Then why don't you sue me, Matt? On second thought you better not, because I'll haul your ass into court for the months you're behind on Jenna's child support.</i> Why don't you shut up - and say thank you? - What... thank you for what? Your daughter is only 18 months old and she's already more of a success than you'll ever be. Be grateful. I'm sorry I stabbed you. Don't pop any champagne corks just yet, Aidan. I'm not saying yes. I just wanted to know what the numbers might be. All right. I'll call you. Aidan says they're willing to pay 300,000 for the rights, and another 50 to consult on the production. Holy shit. I don't know. If you could have read this script, it is terrible. So have them hire someone else to rewrite it. - Or don't, who cares? - I care. I mean, I don't want my image misrepresented. I've performed some of the most interesting surgeries of all time. Of all time? Go hang out with Mr. Skerritt, you two have so much in common. You both like blowing yourselves. I don't need to listen to this. You don't understand the pressures I'm under. Trying to raise 3 kids, trying to save up, buy a place of my own. And you're willing to turn down $350,000? You walk around here like you have a camera on you, Mr. Perfect. The dirty secret is, no one cares. Take the cash, give half of it to Manny Skerritt and blow the rest on a trip to Vegas. Stop worrying about how people are going to react, and do what you want to do. Really. It's that simple? It's that simple. Tell us what you don't like about yourself. I'll tell you what I don't like about LA, bro... doing 95 down sunset's against the law. What happened to your neck? Funny story. I was... I was out bird dogging with my greatest bro, Patty D... Dempsey. And paparazzi stops us at a stoplight, and then... we peeled out when the light changed. Got some distance on those jerks, and then... my Maserati hits an ice pass. And the next thing I know, we're slammed against a phone poll at Beverly Glen. So weird. You hit an ice patch on sunset boulevard? Anyway, broke my neck. Wait, does this mean that the Sean Mcnamara story is not happening? - Do I have to give the money back? - Jesus, is it always about you? I broke my neck. The producers pushed the start date. It was a good thing for me, I can rewrite the script and, make it better, more honest, more real. Ret rid of all that boring bullshit with... what's her name... - Julia? - Julia and the kid. Let's make it more about my character. - Really flesh it out. Workshop it. - So what are you doing here, Aidan? I get these things out tomorrow, and I know that they're gonna leave a nasty scar right at my temples. That's easy. I think we can fit you in friday morning. Great. That's perf... yeah, I gotta get back to work. Which reminds me... you know, when I'm under, you guys wouldn't mind adding a couple inches in my pants? You want a penis enlargement? Unless you can leng then my tongue. You broke your neck trying to suck your dick, didn't you? What? Where did you come up with that? That's... what are you... that's just... I can't keep the charade up. I wasn't bird doggin'. There was no ice patch. Ever since Manny Skerritt taught me how to pleasure myself, I've been a man possessed. I have gotten so close so many times. But I just couldn't... I just couldn't... get to the... you know, I just couldn't... I just wanted to give it little baby kisses, that's all I wanted. - I didn't ask much. - Then what happened? I fall of my goddamn bed and I break my c2 vertebrae. I just want to taste some nectar, guys. That's all I want. Can you make that happen? So, we have some scars from his neckbrace that we'll have to revise, as well as the penis enlargement. And I always say, start with the hard stuff first. 15 blade. A 15 blade? Are you sure you don't want a paperclip? I mean, Linda, have you ever seen anything that small? Looks like 2 blueberries and a cocktail weenie. He doesn't need surgery. He needs a miracle. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm just gonna... don't need to cause anymore trouble. Actually, you know what, he's the one that caused all the trouble. He almost cost you your license. - Prick. - Little prick. Do you have your phone on you? - What are you doing? - Just a little insurance policy just in case my fee on the Sean Mcnamara story doesn't quite cover my expenses. Heh, here we go. Yeah, now I can offer up a little blackmail of my own. Have dinner with me tonight. Sorry, not interested. I was thinking of something a little more adventurous. You're so beautiful. You are perfect. And I love you. I love you very much. I want you to know that... that everything I do for you, I do... I want you to know that there's somebody who would give their life for you. You know? Christian, come on, get out of here, we have a shoot to do. Her lips are impeccable. And just the right plump. - What the hell are you doing? - What need to be done, Christian. It's lopsided, you sick, twisted bitch. I've had filler a thousand times. It just needs time to spread. Right? Give me the goddamn needle. She looks deformed. See, she's not even crying. Like they said, when you mix it with lidocaine, it just feels like a kiss. Now, you are perfect, aren't you, sweetie? By the time I turn around, you better be gone. Don't worry, grandpa. Your reputation's safe,