and not leave them in a bedside table drawer, You stupid bitch. Are you a doctor? Plastic surgeon. Is that how we know each other? I'm your husband. We're still married? We're still married. You really don't remember me, do you? My first years in college were memorable in the sense that i don't really remember that much, even if we had a thing. We had more than just a thing, christian. We had a daughter. Mr. Mcnamara, i'm Colleen Rose of the Colleen Rose Agency. You are a Scene-Stealer, and i know i can get you work. Be a crime to hide that massive talent of yours. Sean, your agent's on the phone. - Agent? - She's a talent agent. Talent agent? I thought you need talent for a talent agent. Sean mcnamara, you are the new start of "hearts and Scalpels!" - What? - You did good, colleen. - What do you think of these? - Colleen, this is inappropriate. Go ahead squeeze them. These aren't the tits of a Fiftyish-Year-Old woman, am I right? Do you see any other agents here, Colleen? - We have to stick together here. - No, we don't. I'm tired of you crossing boundaries. Look what i made you. It's a Sean bear. It's how i express my friendship. Colleen, what's going on? Why are you here? It's my niece's kiosk, and I'm just filling in because she was sick. Why? Is that wrong? You lied about who you are. That's unforgivable. I trusted you! This is the end of our Relationship, do you understand? What are you doing here, colleen? - What have you done? - I just need you to fix these for me. Colleen, i am walking to the phone, and i am calling the Police right now. You did this to me, and you will fix them! All right. Let's go. Come on. Come here. You'll be sorry for this, i swear! Dr. Mcnamara, what can you tell us about Colleen Rose? Did you tell her to kill your agent? - What are they doing here? - You're a public person now, buddy boy. They own you. Nothing is off limits. Look. I know how hard this is for you. - What the hell? - Behind you! I'm not Sean. You're scaring his Daughter. - That's whose picture we want. - Get out of my way. What are you doing here? I don't think you're gonna be much help - with a broken collar bone. - You mad at me? I'm mad at myself. I lost my priorities, my values. I chased a dream like a silly teenager. Look what's happened. It's gonna be good from now on, I Promise. Synchro: guig Season 5 Episode 15 Ronnie Chase Mcnamara/troy? Face-Lift? They tell me it starts to feel better after a couple of weeks. Third floor. Do you mind if i handle this solo? I just feel like i want to be alone with my daughter in there. Of course. I should check on Darlene anyway. She's had a tough recovery, a lot of pain. Hello? Liz, can you get some gauze and tape, please? 9:30 at craft, and don't be late. My arm's a little bummed up, so you might have to feed Me. It's gonna be good from now on, I promise. I've been thinking, liz. Maybe It's time to put down some roots, find a place of my own. The kids need a real home out Here, and so do I. What do you think of the hollywood hills? It's gonna be all right, Cookie. I'm gonna take care of you now. She's in sinus-Tack. - Her heart rate's 190 and rising. - She's in malignant hypothermia. Where's sean? Sorry about the mess i made in here, Cookie. So what else is new? She's gonna die, Christian. Let's go. - Go, go, go, go. - I'm going. - That's better. - All right. I got it. - See how easy? - Please. I'm bleeding to death. Her heart rate's 95. OK. She's gonna be OK. Gonna be OK, Annie. - I need you to help me. - Tell me what to do. Sean? No. I'm not gonna let them Hurt you, sean. - Sean! - Mine! Pressure here. I have such plans for us, Cookie. Move out of this shit hole... someplace quieter... and we'll grow old together. - I can't feel my legs. - Just stay with me, buddy, all right? Just... Just stay with me. Look at me, look at me. Stay with me, buddy, all right? OK? You stay with me. You hear me? Can you hear me? Stay with me. Need a lift? Oh, you just can't stand that my biceps are getting bigger than yours. Can you? You're right. Now if you could just teach your dick to drive this thing. Come on. Your first consult's in your office. You can't escape! Tell me what you don't like about yourself. My back. It's in agony from supporting my front. A breast reduction? - Oh, i don't know, liz. - Those are you two best assets. They're like having a pair of Louis Vuitton bags. They're great to look at, but they're not a lot of fun to lug around. I have wanted this for a long time, and I figured what better time than now? My boobs will be the first thing you get to put your hands on. - That's very sweet of you, Liz. - Don't you worry, buddy. You won't be scaling those mountains alone. That's a Two-Man job if ever i've seen One. Well, you seem like a perfectly good candidate. I'd recommend a post reduction. All right. Fantastic. Why don't we say... tomorrow? The sooner she gets her boobs reduced, the sooner we can give her belly button - some room to breathe. - Shut up, christian. I'm teaching all day. You do it. Oh, no, no, no. Wait. Thes are still my breasts we're talking about, and i think that I've earned the service of both Mcnamara and Troy. - How about wednesday? - I'm teaching then, too. They seem to really like what I have to offer over there. What about what you have to offer over here? I am not ready to operate! The cervical nerves are still Inflamed. My hands aren't what they were. Dr. Cargill said it's up to me, and i'm telling you, I'm not ready. Look. I appreciate both your support. Christian is more than capable of doing what you want done. OK. Fine. - What if i wait? - Don't. There's no telling when I'm gonna be ready or even if. Time. Einstein said there was no now, no past, present, or future. Physicists think that if you travel at the speed of light time disappears. Unfortunately, we don't have a spaceship that can travel at the speed of light. We age. Our cells deteriorate, deform, and mutate into tiny, misshapen freaks, making our skin sag and wrinkle and our muscles atrophy. We don't have a time machine, but... we do have this. Now this is one of the top plastic surgery residencies in the country. They've asked me to come here and make sure that when you leave you're not just doctors or surgeons but benders of time, and it's your job to use this 10 blade on a 50-Year-Old woman and take her back so when she looks in the mirror she sees herself when she was 30. OK. Show me what you got. Oh, awful. Really awful. Congratulations. Our first mediocre. Where's your partner? I prefer to work alone. - How old are you? - 17. My name is Rajeesh Paresh. I missed being the youngest person to graduate from harvard medical school by 12 days. Very nice. You should use pds sutures to minimize the tension. That's one option. I much prefer using the muscle to hold the suture. I feel it - produces a far more natural look. - Until the muscle gives out And the patient's entire face collapses. Do it my way. Dr. Sean Mcnamara, i'm sorry about contradicting you. My father says I have his brains but my mother's mouth. Well, you're very good, dr. Paresh. You were wrong today, but your attitude was right. We have to be arrogant sobs to do what we do. Hey, Raj. Dr. Mcnamara, I was wondering if I could help you out. Thank you. Those ramps can be a bit dicey. - May I? - Yes, please. I'll see you tomorrow, Raj. So I'm finally gonna lay my eyes on the famous Liz Cruz tas. Tatas? Have you been hanging out with my uncle pe? How about bodacious boobies? OK. Breathe deep, center yourself, and act like a real doctor. I know it's a stretch. Oh, this is so weird. OK. Um, i'm a 36-D, but I know you could tell by looking. I was thinking of a small "c." This way, I'd have the size but not the weight. Do you self-Examine, lizzie? Yeah. When I remember. Well normally, my lovers do all the examing. That's the classic lesbian foreplay. Why? What are you asking me? This... Yeah? - Feels like a lump. - Oh, shit. Well, don't jump to Worst-Case scenario. Just be a big girl and get yourself a mammogram. You'll feel some pressure. - I couldn't have faced this alone. - Why would you? I'll be there no matter what. You can breathe, dr. Cruz. You're fine. You're just one of those women with fibrocystic breasts. About half of the women with lumps have the same condition. You drink a lot of coffee, diet colas? I do. Too much, I know. - Is that what this is from, diet soda? - You have a lump? - It's probably nothing. - How long have you had a lump? Inflamed sweat gland from lifting weights. I'm not suggesting there's an epidemic, but in 2008, somewhere in the neighborhood of 450 men will die of breast cancer. It would be prudent to have it looked at, dr. Troy. - You'll feel some pressure. - Ow! Holy shit! You see this darkened tissue? This is what we're going to biopsy. We're going to determine if this is ductal cancer in situ, which means there's little to no chance It's spread into the surrounding tissue, or if we're dealing with an invasive ductal - breast cancer. - How soon will I know? I need to know something today. I don't want to hear any of this "We'll call you next week". bullshit I can do a frozen section so we'll know today if it's a malignancy and if it's invasive. I'll be here, no matter what. - You ready? - Sure. It's not malignant. I just know it. I have a sixth sense about these kind of things. Besides, Like you said, I don't fit the profile. Didn't Tennessee Williams have - breast cancer or some shit? - No. Richard Roundtree did. Sorry. I looked it up online. Shaft had tit cancer? Jeez. Well, Shaft aside, I'm not a pussy. That is not what's gonna take me out. Oh, I agree. Odds are it's gonna be a jealous husband with a gun. Damn straight. I don't have good news, dr. Troy. So tell what you don't like about yourself. They kicked me out of the band, and now i got to get a real job. Do you mind? You were blocking my view. Raj is it? Sean said you'd be here to observe. Apologies, dr. Troy. If you're fine with the use of such substandard techniques, then by all means I'll stay out of your way. - Did you just call my work substandard? - Multiple sutures in the earlobe without eversion will likely resolve in an inferior scar, perhaps even a keloid. Wow, raj. You sure know a lot for someone just out of medical school, and you're so young. In india, my father was a renowned cardiothoracic surgeon. He started tutoring me as soon as I was able to hold a scalpel. He said I was meant to change the world with my hands. That's a lot of pressure to put on someone at such a young age. But as surgeons, we must learn to deal with that pressure every day. He was preparing me, and for that, I am grateful. Who taught you your skills, Dr. Troy? The university of miami. Well, we can't all learn from the best. All right, doogie howser. You're out of here, all right. Go. Come back when you reach puberty. Well, I'd recheck those stitches if i were you. They still seemed a little loose. I know what you're going through, Christian, but come On. He's just a kid. He's not just a kid. He's a pain in the ass, and you do not know what I'm going through, so stop acting like you do. I'm sorry. Me, too, like you can't imagine. You know what? The little shit was right. I need to resuture these. They're a little loose. Come on. Push yourself. You can make it. You got it. OK. That's it. I'm done. You got to do one more, dad, OK? Come on. Can't we just order pizza and watch the game together? I got to pick up jenna. We're gonna see mom to do an hour of memory rehabilitation, show her old slides and pictures and stuff. Is she still furious with me? I told her you lied to her and said you were still married Because you loved her, not because you were trying to hurt her. Yeah. She still doesn't want to see you. There's something I want to show you. Oh, man. What's this? From your Parole officer? No. Not this time. You've enrolled at Santa Monica College? Yeah, just until I get enough credits to transfer to Ucla. Chemistry and biology, anatomy? I think I want to try the premed thing. I know i've given you too many reasons not to be proud of me. Seeing you in that chair made me want to change that. Well, I would have gotten in a wheelchair a long time ago if I thought... I'm sorry that's what it took. Well, if you ever need help with your science homework, you better come to me. Who else would I ask... Christian? Ask me about what, matty? Whether you should keep banging your half-Sister and populating the world with more redneck retards? For the record, christian, I haven't spoken to Emme in over a month. The last thing I heard, she moved to new york. She's studying fashion, doing great. You know, she is your daughter. You should call her. You know, all my children disappoint me, except for Wilber because he doesn't talk very much. Matt's taking premed courses at santa monica college. Community college. Glad to see you're shooting so high there, killer. Well... see you tomorrow. - Did you do an hour of those bars? - I did 45 minutes. Well, then get back on it, superman. I need you back at work as of yesterday. I don't want to be hanging with hadji The snake charmer. His name is raj, and actually, he kind of reminds me of myself when I was in med school. Right. Well, you want to play henry higgins, that's fine by me, but I don't want to see him around until you're back, all right? So come on. Get back to it. - I did enough for today. - Why are you such a pussy? Screw you, asshole. You have no idea what I'm going through. - I can't walk. It's Hard. - So is stage two breast cancer. What does breast cancer have to do with anything? I have it. Can i give you a hand? I think i'm fine for now. Thanks. You're gonna beat it. I went to med school. I know what stage two means. Can we get a table or something? Sure. Nice shot. Have you ever had a vision? If you're gonna tell me that Elvis and the virgin mary arrived at - at our front door after i left... - Rember when we took that psyche course and we did lsd and it was like we saw, you know, the truth behind the So-Called reality? - You had a flashback? - No. A flashforward 20 years. This crazy dream I had when Julia walked out on me. I was drinking too much, and it was right before connor's surgery, but it was so real it was like I had it yesterday. I was walking, and you were definitely still alive. And auntie em was there and Uncle henry? - Fine. Forget it. - No, no. I want to hear it. - How did i look? - Pathetic. You looked like Ricardo Montalban returning from fantasy island. You had silvery hair and a wife on each arm. Two wives. I like the sound of that. - What about julia? - Oh, happily married, just not to either one of us. You know, the future wasn't perfect, but at least we were both there. That was a dream, Sean. It wasn't a goddamn prophecy. I know what it was, but that part of it, the part about us being around for it, I'm not just gonna dismiss that, OK? It was telling me something, something about having faith because we both come out all right in the end. We were still together, older, but... we got to see our kids grow up. I'm scared, Sean. You're gonna die, Christian, just not right away. Of course, it does suck to think that we're closer to the end than the beginning, doesn't it? I'm telling you, we're here for at least another 25 years, so you might as well enjoy it as much as you can, right? Can I get you gentlemen anything? Actually, could you show me where the men's room is? - I'd be happy to. - That's very sweet of you. Can i buy you a drink? No, thanks. I could use the conversation. I just found out I have breast cancer. You like those. 100% real, doctor. You're hurting me. When was the last time you had these checked for lumps? Are you giving me a breast exam while we're having sex? I think i felt something. I had a mammogram at my regular checkup. They're fine. How long ago? You can't be too careful, you know, particularly at your age. My age? You're the one who's in his forties, not me. Next time you want a sympathy screw, You might try showing a little more sympathy. I didn't come here to wallow in your misery. That was the most amazing sex I've ever had. - Really? - Oh, yeah. Doing it in the chair like that. Now i'm addicted. How soon can you be ready again? Lipo, give me this, give me this. Oh, i've got you, got you. Give me this. Give me that. Oh, my... I cannot believe how big lipo has gotten. Do you want me to stay over with wilber while you're in the hospital? The nanny will be here with Sean. How do you feel about wilber? I mean, you like him, right, more than just any kid? - What are you talking about? - I just... I need to... I need to hear you say it. I need to know that you... - that you like him. - I love wilber, christian. You know that. Hey, buddy. Why don't you take Lipo out to the balcony, Play with him out there for a bit? - Come on. Lipo, outside. - Lipo, go. Wilber's gonna need some stability in his life if something happens to me. I want you to raise him. I know what It's like to bounce around from parent to parent, and he's pretty much lost one of his every year of his life, so... he loves you, trusts you. I think he deserves a good mother. OK. That's it? You're not gonna tell me how crazy i am for worrying about this? I have known a lot of people with breast cancer. Some of them have made it, and some of them have not. As your friend, I think that you're gonna be around for the next 50 years pissing me off. As a doctor, I think it's a good idea that you get not het all your affairs in order. I just want to be as honest with you as you would be with me. You deserve that. I don't think you guys really understand. Without my breast, how am I ever gonna feel like a real woman again? Silly me. I thought this experience might just make you the teeniest bit sensitive to what some women have to go through. - You're gonna do just fine. - Absolutely. Dr. Moss is the best there is. At least you could do the cutting? - You're the only surgeon i trust. - Moss is your man. I'll stick around to make sure he leaves enough tissue for a diep procedure so we don't have to take it from your ass. I'll let you off the hook this time but only because you're doing the reconstruction. I hate being on the outside with my nose pressed up against the glass, not when it's family. Thank you. Can you please make sure there are clean margins in every direction? I'm gonna have to ask you to leave immediately. I got clearance from dr. Marsh. You can take it up with him if you have a problem with it. Send the frozen section to pathology. I don't want him closed up until it's clear. Dr. Mcnamara? Yes. I'm Jo Rose, Colleen's Sister. You didn't need to come after what she did to you. I wanted to make sure she's dead. You look so serene, Cookie, So at peace. - Must be a relief. - It is. No more pains, no more worries, no responsibilities, No disappointments, but they're all gonna remember you exactly as you are now... Young, at the height of your vitality and power. You have the comfort of