she's dead. I don't know what to do. If you do the surgery I'll pay you $300,000 Senor Perez. Let's schedule. I'm Escobar Gallardo, the former boss of Silvio Perez. Silvio stole my daughter's innocence. Your brother said he was with the boss' girl. - How old was she? - She was 6. Tell me what you don't... Honey, how old are you? 15. All right. That's what I thought. I'm sorry, but any surgical procedure would require a parent present on a minor. Will your mother be joining us today? Not unless you can bring back the dead. Sorry. You're exactly as my father described you. - And your father is? - In hell. With her. If there's any truth to what the nuns taught me in catholic school. They say I look like him. I'm Aurelia Gallardo. Escobar Gallardo's daughter. The devil's child. Monsters never consider the shame they leave their children. It becomes part of their identity. Are you sure you're only... 15? 15. Old enough to understand all the suffering my family has inflicted on so many innocent people. Aurelia, I really don't know how we can help you. You can help me figure out who I am. - I don't think that that... - Silvio Perez. He was one of my father's business associates. I also seem to recall he was a patient of yours at one time. Am I correct? - Well, he, uh... - I'm sorry. That name doesn't ring any bells. Well, it was a long time ago. I was 8 when uncle Silvio disappeared. I started therapy a few years ago. Thought it might help with the nightmares. Of course, it's not surprising I had nightmares considering my life was one. I remember something about a surgery Silvio had when you practiced in Florida. Sorry. Unfortunately, I remember your father, but Silvio Perez? Sean? Uh, no. It doesn't sound familiar. Funny. There's so much violence I can't forget, no matter how hard I try. Yet the truth of who I am, why I feel the way I feel, that's still a mystery. I wish I could help you, but I can't. I understand. Maybe it's right that I never know. I suppose it's only just that I suffer for the sins of my father. Nip/Subs Team presents Season 7 - Episode 5 "Virginia Hayes" Original VO: degroote Original VO corrected by chamallow35 Corrections & Resynchro VO : Sean Are you insane? I thought you'd be more sympathetic. You know what it's like to be abused at a young age, to want answers and closure. You're gonna get us closure in a jail cell. Oh, stop being so dramatic. Stop using my past to manipulate me into agreeing with you. What are you two guys arguing about today? You tell her. Our morning consult turned out to be Escobar's daughter. But don't worry, she's just a kid. He's dead, Gala's dead, and she's all alone. In Roman times, your enemies would kill your children after they killed you to make sure there was no one left to grow up to take revenge. Anyone who shares the blood of that animal is not to be trusted. She doesn't want revenge. She wants to know what happened to the man who molested her. Oh, and you're considering telling her? Look, I know in theory telling her what happened could somehow implicate us in a crime, but... A number of crimes. Cessory to murder, obstruction of justice. I mean, hell, they could nail us on an EPA violation for feeding alligators. But there's isn't any evidence of any of that. - And no one's ever gonna find it. - Screw the evidence. All right, it's done. We got away with it. It's like winning the lottery. You don't screw with that kind of luck. Ok, no. We're not even gonna discuss it. I'm not gonna let you bring even a little piece of that man back into our lives to relive some kind of Irish catholic guilt that all of a sudden you're feeling. - Liz. - No! No. No. No. 2 against 1, buddy boy. You lose. Tell me what you don't like about yourself, Ms. Hayes. This town, Dr. Troy, is an impossible place for a girl to be herself. Don't tell me you're an actress. Like everybody else you meet on the street, right? Chicks like me are a dime a dozen in Hollywood. Back in Michigan, where I'm from, I was hot shit. I'd go to the clubs and the bouncers would say, "Right this way, ten." Right this way, ten. Right this way, ten. Really? Is that what they'd say? I'm not a ten, am I? Out here I barely register as a six, maybe a seven. Out here, that makes me a nobody. You shouldn't be so rough on yourself. You're a very pretty girl. You really think so? Yes, I do. Would you bang me? On that desk. Right now. Unfortunately, that's not much of a barometer. I'm a horny devil. Then let's do it. Just hold on a second. Playing hide the tree trunk with me might, uh, boost your ego for a little while, but then eventually you have to go back to your real life as a six. - Maybe a seven. - Maybe a seven. You know, it's not as easy to sleep your way to the top as it used to be. Sexual harassment ruined everything. I'm sorry. I just... don't know how to get people to notice me. I'm actually not that bad of an actress, you know. Not that acting has anything to do with getting roles here. Then why stay? Why put yourself through constant humiliation when you could go back to your hometown and be homecoming queen again? Be a ten. Because I told everybody back home I was gonna make something of myself. That some day they'd be able to say "I knew her when." If I return now, I return a failure. Then let's try this again, shall we? Tell me what you don't like about yourself, Ms. Hayes. I am so happy that we are doing a simple mammoplasty today, and nothing's gonna go wrong. Right, Christian? Why would it? I don't know. Maybe because our surgical suite is directly over the gates of hell. I promise you, nothing will go wrong today. Oh, that sounds so good. We're just gonna listen to the music, do our job, go home. - Sounds good, right? - Sounds good to me. - All right. - Let's do it. She looks a lot like Kimber under the mask, doesn't she? She's definitely not as hot, but she's got the same color hair, same color of skin tone. Same breast implants. You remember? I gave Kimmy little Cs for her first surgery. - They're our top seller. - Yeah. There are a lot of girls in the world who have bad self-image problems, huh? Ten blade. Some serious shit right here, Dr. Sean. What the hell am I supposed to do with this? Kill the wabbit, asshole. I mean, you could try to shoot me but... I'm already dead. Come on, Sean, kill it. Goddamn it, you're still such a pussy. 50 years of school and you still don't get it. I dropped out in the second grade, and I even know. - This thing is a metaphor. - For what? For that prick Christian and all that shit he made you do. Silvio Perez, his brother, me. And that's just the big ticket items, man. You've been feeding him little bites of your soul every day since the day you met him, and then asking him, "would you like seconds, please?" I knew what I was doing. I made my choices. Oh, like choosing to keep your mouth shut when a poor little girl needs a daddy to talk to? Come on, man. Shoot him! Kill the douchebag once and for all. Be a man for once in your waste of a life. Ok, doctor man, let's cut this bad boy open and see what's inside of him. Have you seen Peter pan? That's you, dude. Taking people to Neverland so they never grow old. Hey, didn't he get eaten by an alligator, too? Will you shut up? - It's Silvio's. - Maybe. My daughter has no one, Sean. Her whole family is gone. But she has the guts to come to you, look you in the eyes, ask you for the truth. An innocent. She needs your help. You're the one who got her into this. You and my partner. Alligator boy? You're right, we did. We got both of you into it. You are both innocents. And now I'm all taken care of, but what are you going to do about him? What am I supposed to do? He's my best friend. You've got 2 choices. Eat or be eaten. Hey. I'm looking for Virginia Hayes. I'm Dr. Troy, Ms. Hayes' surgeon. Can I help you? Is she still here? Where do you keep them, down here? I'm sorry, are you a family member? Could be. Not sure exactly. I'll tell you when I see her. No, no, no. Why don't you just tell me right now? I'm the one getting all of her bills. What the hell does that mean? I'm Virginia Hayes. The woman you gave new tits to stole my identity. I'm sure it's just some kind of misunderstanding. She tried to bang you, didn't she? What? No. The last time I got this close, the watch salesman had screwed her on his Rolex display, so of course he took her side. Must be a pretty good lay. Virginia, dear, you have a visitor. Where are you? She can't have gone too far, trust me. Linda, get your ass in here. Dammit. Thought I had her this time. Don't worry, Ms. Hayes. I'm sure that the credit card company won't stick you with the bill. No, but they will stick you with it. You know, the merchant's the one who pays in fraud. Not the victim and not the creditor. Her Lexus, it's not in the structure. She drives a Lexus. A $600 a month Lexus while I drive a piece of shit '87 Corolla. How did you find out she had the operation? Oh, I got a guy. A private dick. He's been searching for her for 3 years now. I mean, that is how long I have known about this bitch. And you don't know her real name? No. No, no, no. No, she's that good. No, she just uses my name every once in a while. So it's almost like I forget about her, and then something pops up again. 3 weeks ago I get my first bill from that Lexus dealer, so I call my P.I., he starts keeping an eye out for everything with my social security number on it, calls me this morning, and says she got a new card and it was used here yesterday. Can't you just cancel your credit cards and move on? No. You can't just go on with your life. My life is totally screwed. I can't get a job, ok, because she got caught shoplifting 2 years ago and she used my name. Me and my husband divorced so we could keep his assets separate, then the asshole realizes he's got a free pass to screwing around. So now he's gone. Not that I blame him because I'm in this pissy mood all the time because I spend most of my time on hold trying to clear my name with one credit bureau or another. Well, Ms. Hayes, I don't know how we can help, but if there's anything... anything we can do. You can stop being enamored with every little ingenue that walks through your doors. Ok, I have heard her story. She plays the victim and guys fall at her feet. So here's what you can do, Dr. Troy. Stop being such a chump. My daughter used to love to swing. The higher I'd push her, the more she'd beg me not to stop. My father and I could never play outside. Too dangerous. It was years before I realized he was worried about his safety, not mine. Thank you, Dr. McNamara, for calling me. I was surprised, actually, to hear from you. Your visit took us a bit by surprise, too. Your instinct was right about your uncle. He did... He molested you when you were young. How young? 6. Silvio offered us a lot money to do a facial reconstruction. We had no idea why he wanted it, what... So you did his surgery? Yeah. And then he wanted another one. Your father tracked him down. He wanted vengeance for what Silvio had done to you. So he killed this man? One monster killed another? No. Actually, no. He would have, but Silvio's brother Alejandro got there first. He broke into our surgical suite and he held him down while he turned up the anesthesia. They were enemies? No, I think Alejandro loved his brother, but he was frightened. He knew what Silvio had done to you and when he found out his wife was about to have a baby girl, he didn't want to take any chances. By the time your father got there, Silvio was dead. And you never went to the police? He died on our table. If we'd have reported it, we would have lost our medical license. We had no choice but to dispose of Silvio's body. You had a choice. You made it. Yeah. Yeah. Alejandro followed us to the swamp where we dumped it and soon after your father killed him. To get rid of the evidence for our sake, he said. Thank you, Dr. McNamara, for telling me the truth. I was born into the world of Escobar Gallardo. Evil and violence was all I knew. Maybe now I caput it behind me, start fresh. Me, too. That's some kid. Takes after the old man, don't she, Sean? Thank you. I got you! That's taking a really long time. It takes longer if you keep interrupting. Look, I am in a lot of pain. Is there anything you can do to hurry it up? Try these. They should ease the pain. At least until the cops get here. Thanks, Mort. How did you find me? I called every pharmacy in the area. I asked them to contact me if a new c-cup tried to fill up the prescription I wrote. I'm serious about the pills. Who knows what they'll give you in jail. Please, don't call the police. Why? You have a check for me? I don't have anything anymore. I'm really sorry. I... I never imagined that this would happen. You stole that woman's social security, her credit cards, skipped out on a $5,000 procedure. What did you think would happen? I meant I never imagined that... my life could end up to be such a failure. What do you think, Mort, huh? Surprised she doesn't get more jobs. She's one hell of an actress. Wait. I'm not an actress. Look, it was all a lie. I'm just Marcy Hamels from des moines. I came out here to get my real estate license, but I failed the exam. I have dyslexia. And then I had this problem with my job where I got these headaches and I couldn't focus. And the temp agency fired me. And everything just went to shit. I didn't know what else to do. You didn't know what else to do, so you decided to get breast implants, huh? Yes. I thought a new body might get me a new life. And everyone out here who's anyone has them. I was just trying to fit in. You do realize what you did to the real Virginia, don't you? I feel horrible. I always told myself that I'd find a way to pay her back. You don't have to do that. No. No, I want to. No, I mean, you don't have to do that because you don't have to pay for the procedure. If you had told me your story, we could have worked something out. - Really? - Of course. Matter of fact, if you come back in, I'll lipo away a few pounds for free. Why would you do that? I became a surgeon to... change people's lives. And well... You look like you could use a little help. What are you doing? I thought she was having lipo. So did she. Thank God she's lonely and desperate enough to fall for the grade-a bullshit I fed her in the pharmacy, huh? She actually thought that I cared about her. These C-cups right here, they're the property of McNamara/Troy. I'm repossessing them. You can't foreclose implants. Watch me. Why don't you just go to the police? What, and lose all the personal satisfaction? I'm tired of being taken advantage of. This bitch is just the last in a long line of gold diggers who have tried to milk me dry. You don't know what it's like to be taken advantage of, ok. I feel like a goddamn Chinese buffet. I get it. I do, I get it. You dealt with the pain of Kimber's death with her mother, but you haven't dealt with your rage. And it's normal to be angry. Especially when you didn't get a warning, you didn't get a note. You had no closure. But I'm telling you right now, this is not gonna give you closure. I don't give a damn why I'm doing it. All I know is that I feel much better. Linda, close this bitch up for me, would you? Looking for these? - You took them out? - I took them back. But, you told me that you wanted to help. You lied to me. That makes us even then, doesn't it? How could you be so cruel? Cruel would be calling the police. Let's face it, you'd be qualified for social security by the time you got out of jail. Given the grief and the financial hardship you cause me in the routh Virginia. what I did was generous. You should feel lucky. You're welcome to stay the recommended 48 hours for recovery, I'll make sure you're treated well. Not any pain. But live what happend, nothing is fair. You're right. I also got you some pamphlets for some woman's shelters. You're welcome to use the phone here if you'd like. They'll help you get back on your feet... In an honest way. In the meantime, if you feel any pain at all, just go ahead and press that button. Be careful, it's morphine, so don't overdo it. Hang in there. Dr. Troy? Could I ask you for one more favor? Are you kidding me? Could you give me Virginia's number? I want to call her myself. Tell her I'm sorry. She's only gonna call the police. Well, if that's what she does. There's probably already a warrant for my arrest. Right? And... if I'm gonna start a new life, I can't stay on the run. Who knows, maybe she'll be nice like you were and we'll work something out. I'll leave her number right here. Get some rest first, though. You look like you need it. Christian, this is special agent Reynolds and agent Ryan from the FBI. What are the feds doing here? We're not pressing any charges against Ms. Hamels. I'm sorry? There must be some sort of confusion. We're here to talk to you about Silvio Perez. She's an interesting girl, wise beyond her years. Makes sense growing up in a family like that. Did she say anything about why she would make up a story like this? Said she wanted to change her identity. Said she was raised by killers, surrounded by evil. Kid's full of guilt. She kept going on about how her braces were paid for with the blood of innocents. She said she couldn't be a good person and let a bad deed go unpunished. We were gonna ask you the same question, though. Oh, I have no idea. She came in for a consult the other day, asked us about this Silvio Perez. We told her we didn't know anything, and she left. The kid's loco. We're plastic surgeons. Who do have a number of connections to Escobar Gallardo. Let's not forget that he was last seen in your offices and that he left a trail of dead peace officers as payment for services rendered. Which is probably why she's fixated on us. We were very transparent in our dealings with Escobar. What about Silvio Perez? First time we hard the name was when she mentioned it in the consult. That true for all of you? Yes, it is. Well, we're sorry to have taken up your time. You should know we've started an active investigation. Probably won't go anywhere, but anything related to the war on drugs gives our bosses hard-ons. We'd like copies of all your records from the time in question. Oh, that's ok. I mean, it'll take a few days because, you know, things got mixed up when we moved here from Miami. Well, just call my office. We'll send a courier. We'll be sure to keep this quiet. Thanks. And remember, we offer a 20% off to law enforcement. Am I dreaming? Would someone tell me if I'm dreaming? I never thought she'd go to the police. Are you out of your goddamn mind? I mean, how could you be so stupid? I'm gonna check on the files and see if there's anything in there. Lizzie, you get that shredder humming. And remember, when in doubt, Chuck it out. I'm sorry, Christian. I honestly thought that girl deserves someone in her life who is willing to tell her the truth. Don't you apologize to him. You don't owe him Jack shit. Well, Mr. Holier-than-thou, I don't intend to spend the rest of my life in prison, so shut your mouth or have your moral crisis at some other point in time. Do you hear the way he talks to you? It's only going to get worse. He has absolutely no respect for you, Sean. I never wanted anything to do with that Perez case, if you recall. You think your shit doesn't stink as bad as mine? After all these years, I'm sure it does. I don't know how much longer I can live with it. That's a start. Now get up in his face. Say, "I ain't gonna pay for your shit, Christian. Your ass is the only one that's gonna fry. I'm the bad ass now, and I'm gonna take care of Sean. And there ain't nothing you can do about it, lizardman." Now all you have to do is drop a dime on him, baby. You know it's his fault. Your word against his. Who do you think they're gonna believe? We're gonna get through this. It's her word against ours. Who do you think they're gonna believe? You need to find a better way to deal with your stinky shit. Hello, Marcy. Virginia? I finally found you. You got my message. I didn't realize you'd be stopping by tonight. Yeah. I had to. I mean, things like this just can't be done over the phone. You're right. And I'm glad you're here. I hope you can find some way to forgive me. Never! Never! You hear me? Knock knock. You, uh, sleep ok last night? Yeah, well, me neither. Not to make excuses, but I've had a really tough couple of weeks lately. I lost somebody very close to me. And, um, well, look, the point is, I haven't been myself. You were right. I was cruel, and I'm sorry. I just... right or wrong, you're just trying to make yourself feel better. And I... understand that impulse. You're lucky we never backed up our files online in Miami. All we have are these hard copies, and they're incomplete. We have a problem. I doubt it. I don't think Silvio Perez even put his name on the patient... It's not Silvio, it's Marcy Hamels. The i.d. Thief? Yeah, she's dead in the recovery suite. She what? She's dead in the recovery room. I tricked her into going under so that I could repossess her breasts. Are you insane? Maybe she had an adverse reaction to the anesthesia or O.D'd on the morphine drip. Or maybe she was struck by a bolt of lightning. It doesn't matter. She's dead in our offices. And when the police come to investigate, they're gonna find out you operated on her against her will. Why do the police have to know? No way, Christian. We're not going down that road again. This time we do it by the book. We have a code blue. Marcy Hamels flat-lined in recovery. We know. Well, why aren't you guys doing anything? Let's go. What's going on in here? What happened to Marcy? Maybe her numbers were off. Are you trying to pin this on me? Did you know he was operating on this woman against her will? No, I did not know. I did not know at first. No, but it's not like you tried to bring her out once you found out, right? What are you saying? What I'm saying is that we're all in this together. Together? What did I do? You? You're McNamara/Troy. Ok, every little piece of every little thing is gonna have your name on it as well. You try rebuilding your business after that kind of press. And that's if we don't go to jail. What are you suggesting? I'm suggesting that we take care of this ourselves. We've done it before. I mean, who is this Marcy Hamels anyway? Nobody knows her. She's got no family, no friends. No, not again. We've had Silvio Perez on our backs for 10 years. - We don't have a choice. - You don't have a choice, I do! And I can do the right thing here. Call them. Be a big man. I'm sure you'll make your kids proud, especially when you can't afford to pay for their education anymore. I mean, Conor, he's so young, he'll only remember you as the unemployed asshole you're about to become, but you would have done the right thing. That's good. Fix this. This is your mess. We should have brought your car. Oh, yeah, that's a great idea. Nobody would notice a Bordeaux Pontevecchio-colored Maserati out in the middle of the desert. Yeah, that wouldn't draw any attention. All right, it's deep enough. Let's get it over with. Come on. Put these on. Maybe it'll keep us from going to the chair. All right, I got it. Ready? 1, 2, 3. All right. Come on, we can't waste any time. Come on. Let's do it. Man, I love this shit. They just don't make them like they used to. Do they, Sean? Man, I love this shit. They don't make them