They're so cramped. I need to go. Sean! I heard about you. The mime robbing people. Can you mime dead? I can't see, for god's sake. Linda, suction now. It's me again. Um, just call me. - Your son's gonna be fine. - Thank god. He was very lucky you got him out when you did. Another 15 minutes would have been too late for all of you. Can I see him? - No word from your wife? - No. Not yet. They'll need those for evidence. Make sure you keep them. It's for his own good. I mean, he needs to learn how to be a man. Let's just save his life right now and talk about destroying it later. Close him up. It's about Teddy. Where did you take her? I want to see her. We searched the woods near the campground. And what we found was a... ...a human heart. Are you certain it's hers? The DNA matched hair samples from the camper. We're gonna catch this bastard before he does it again. Nip/Subs Team presents Season 6 - Episode 5 "Abigail Sullivan" Original VO: honeybunny Correction & Resynchro VO : Sean Sean I'm gonna go in and check on Matt. And, um, there's someone here to see you. meep, meep! Meep, meep! The police really don't have any idea? And you never saw anyone who could have... We were sleeping. Oh, thank god that Conor and Annie are ok. That's the most important thing. You should take Matt's room while he's recovering. And I'm so glad you're here. Well, if you need anyone to help with the funeral arrangements, - I'd be happy to do that with you. - Thank you. But I'm not staying, Sean. Why? I don't think that pretending we're family right now is what the kids need. And with all this going on with Matt, well, they've seen enough. What's that supposed to mean? Oh, Sean, I don't want to fight you on this. Fight me? I thought you were here to help me. I am. I just can't get over the fact that you put our kids in harm's way like that. No, no. You think this was my fault? I think that your judgment wasn't as it should have been. Screw you, Julia. Well, then what about Matt, huh? I mean, he was living in your house. How could you not know what was going on? Mom, when this show's over, can conor and I watch another? - No. - Yeah You can watch one more, and that's it. You can do whatever you want. I have a funeral to plan. How's conor? He'll be fine. Annie? Well, let's just say this visit hasn't done a whole lot to restore her sense of stability. Oh, god. I keep telling myself that he's a good kid. That he's just finding himself. We're not helping him by coming to his rescue all the time. I think we should go to the police. You want me to say that it's ok for my kid to go to jail? Well, it might be the best thing for him, you know? I mean, it hasn't worked for him coming out here, has it? And let the prison system teach him right from wrong because I couldn't? Maybe. I mean, just maybe. It's not because of his parents or his teachers or his school or the freaks he calls friends. I mean, it could be in his DNA. You know, my dad was a rapist. Maybe it skips a generation. Don't say that. He is a good kid. No, Julia, he's not a good kid. You just can't admit it because the truth is too painful, all right? But we need to do something different for his sake as well as ours. I've contacted a lawyer and told him that Matt's gonna turn himself in. You know, since he was the only one he managed to hurt, maybe the judge will be lenient on him, you know? - And Sean agrees with you? - No, Sean doesn't agree with me. That's why I need your help. You know it's the best thing for him. I need your support. He looks like an Angel, doesn't he? Looks can be deceiving. You know, there comes a time you have to surrender the idea for who your children could be. To the reality of who they actually are. Tell us what you don't like about yourself, ms. Sullivan. I like myself fine. It's my sister Moira. I want you to get her off my back. I mean it off my back. I promised my therapist I would never call it "her" again. This is Moira. I absorbed her in utero. She--it is-- I don't really know the medical term. A parasitic twin. Yes. Except I'm not supposed to use the word "twin" anymore either. It's just a bunch of extra bone, blood, and tissue mass. See, that's her little leg, And that's part of an arm. Uh, is this the first time you've considered removal? Um, mother had planned to have her--it removed when I was no longer a toddler, but by that time, she was Moira. She was part of the family, and surgery became something we kept putting off. So she actually became real to you. Mother lived in a powerful fantasy world. And her belief that Moira was her other daughter took over our lives. And I was so young, it just seemed normal. Where was your father? Did he just go along with this? There was no father. It was always just us. She can make one and one add up to 3, my mother. I couldn't argue with her. She was the source of everything for me... ...all things good and all things terrifying. She used to make me play piano for her and Moira. Since I was the one who was chosen to survive, I felt like I owed it to them to be doubly brilliant. She projected her own little world on to you and never thought about what that might do to you? I call that child abuse. That's amazing. That's what my therapist says. Mother's gone now. And, um I'm making my debut at Royce hall. I never could play publicly before because I looked like such a... Well, you know. You're looking at me. I want to wear an ivory gown with bare shoulders. I want to be seen as a real woman. For so long, I tried to be the good girl. The good girl who survived what they wanted me to be. And now it's my turn. Oh, no address books or even some old mail. Are you sure the movers packed up everything? No pictures, no records. Nothing. It's like Teddy just vanished into thin air. You know, maybe someone else came to her condo and... ...cleaned it out before we got there. - Well, like who? - I don't know. Some friend, relative. Why don't you call them? I-I d-don't know their names, ok? You never met any of her friends or family? She was from Texas, Julia. Well, she had very expensive taste in clothes. We know that much about her. - All right. If you're going to be disparaging... - I didn't mean anything by it. Yes, you did, all right? You're insinuating I didn't know very much about her, how stupid could I have been, that I didn't know anything. Love is blind, Sean. I mean, I'm the same way with Matt. After all the lies, the betrayals, the drug addiction, on and on and on, I just refused to admit that he's a bad kid or that I'm a bad parent. You weren't a bad parent. Yes, I was. We both were. And admitting the truth is the first step to healing. Ohh. I'm not saying it makes the pain go away, but... ...god knows it helps. I sucked as a father. I was selfish and obsessed with my career. I never took the time to get to know Matt or Teddy. It was easier to make them up. Matt's a fugitive, Sean. He needs to turn himself in to the police. We both know that, right? Yeah. Yeah? Matt's gone, Sean. Where do you think he is? Holed up in some shitty roadside hotel somewhere figuring out how we're going to bail him out again, like we always do. I'm worried he might get an infection. He hasn't healed yet. Further proof that we should have called the cops earlier, all right? At least if he was in custody, we'd know that he'd be getting proper medical attention. - If anything happens to him... - Sean, just go home. Ok? Just go home. Mourn your wife and your son. I got it. Do you think that her twin ever had consciousness? I mean, before she was absorbed into Abigail's shoulder, do you think she had a soul? I prefer not to think about it. I got to think about separating Moira the mooch's Feeding vessel from Abigail's subclavian artery without losing Abigail. Ten-blade. I'm gonna tie off the vessel. I need you to drop the lung so I can get access. Watch the pulse ox and let me know when you need to give her a breath, ok? Ok. 3-0 silk suture. Give her a breath. Ok. Now the fun part. Now all she needs is the courage to be herself. No mean feat. I thought you were at work. And I thought you were halfway to Mexico. I needed some money first. I just stashed some here a while ago in case you went through my room again. You shouldn't be moving around right now. - You need rest. You need-- - No, I need to go. All right. All right. Come here. Come here. Oh, man. Stay right here. I'm really sorry I put you through all this. I'm sorry I was a lousy father. What are you talking about? You were a great dad. I never saw you for who you were. I only saw you for who I wanted you to be. If I were tougher... I don't know--less forgiving, more forgiving. I never got it right with you. And here we are. What I did... I did because of me, because of who I am. It's not your fault. Matt. You're my oldest, my first, the first person in this world who... I love more than myself. I will always be responsible for you. You don't have to be responsible for me anymore. Let me go if only this once. It's a little more complicated than that. It doesn't have to be. You got to change that every 6 hours so you don't get an infection. And try not to pull out the stitches. I love you, Matt. Go. Dr. Mcnamara? Listen, thanks for coming. Why don't you have a seat? Um, a highway patrolman pulled over a suspect off of route 14 in Lancaster. uh-huh. Well, he saw blood on the suspect's hands. He asked him to open the trunk, and inside he found your wife's head in a box. He--he cut off her head? So let me call a grief counselor for you, ok? No, no. Where is the rest of her? He won't tell us unless he speaks with you. What did you do with my wife's body? Which part? Just tell me where she is. Well, I hope you're planning on having her cremated given that your wife is a bit, uh, scattered. But then again, when disposing of toxic waste, it's best to break it down before burning it. You know, people think that lethal injection is painless, but thiopental may not provide enough anesthesia for the duration of the execution. It took one man 34 minutes to die. People said his eyes were open, his mouth was moving the entire time. Well, then I'd better think of something great to say. You seem to be quite well-versed on this subject. I used to be one of those doctors against the death penalty, but... you know, I am going to request permission to administer the stuff myself because I want you to feel everything. Well, that's harsh. You want to prolong my death after I went to such great lengths to prevent yours. What are you talking about? We have a lot of money. My husband, he's a big shot plastic surgeon, and he's got a huge life insurance policy. Oh, ok. Well, then I'll give you my address so that you can send me a check in 40 years when he dies. No, it won't be that long. Look, I'll tell you the truth. I'm going to kill him. - I almost pulled it off tonight. - Did you ? Yes. Why do you think I came up to you ? You'd be the perfect alibi. Lying bitch! You came after me like an animal in heat. You got kids? They're his. In order to get the money, you had to get them out of the way, too? Animals don't kill their young. You're a bug. An insect. A spider. Hey, hey. You know how a black widow kills its prey? First it wraps itself around it. It spins a cocoon. It squeezes. Shh. It's ok. It's ok. It's ok. It's ok. Until its prey stops moving. Would you like to hear what I did after that? I'm gonna kill you, you son of a bitch! You lie! You lie! I'm gonna be there. I am gonna watch you die! You hear me?! I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna watch you die. Hey! You ought to be thanking me! I saved your life! Hey, beautiful. How's my girl, huh? I'm so happy to see you. Yes. I could have you arrested for breaking and entering, you know. Well, if you don't want me visiting, you shouldn't leave the key under the mat. You can't just sneak in here in the middle of the night, Matthew. Well, I wanted to see my daughter if that was ok with you. - No, it's not. - Yeah? Well, tough shit. Ow! What's the matter with you? Are you ok? I got shot. You got shot? How? I was stupid and I got shot. I'm fine. I was desperate; I needed some money. I started doing shit, robbing convenience stores. I know I've been a little behind in payments. Ok. Where are you going? Mexico, I guess. I hear you can get lost down there. I'll try to call Jenna when I can so she doesn't forget who her father is. Wait. Take me with you. You didn't want to live with me when I was here. Why would you want to leave everything and come and live with me when I'm a fugitive? Leave what? Look at this place. It's a dump. Electrolysis doesn't exactly pay the rent, Matt, and... ...dildo sales are down. It's the goddamn economy. I need to get out of here, too. Maybe we could be a family again. What do you say? He did beautiful work, my partner. It was a tricky surgery. By tricky, do you mean I could have died? In a word, yes. I'm very grateful. I don't know how to tell you how different I feel. I'm so happy. I'm also kind of scared. It's gonna take a little time to get used to the new you. Be patient with yourself. I had a dream last night I was in the middle of my concert And all these people were clapping and yelling "brava." I saw my mother's face in the audience. She was screaming, "you killed her!" I forgot the notes. Do you think there's any way that I could see her? Moira. I promised my therapist I'd take her home... ...the stuff home, do a little ritual. For closure, try to say good-bye and... ...bury the remains forever. Uh, this... is it, the stuff. This is it? This is Moira? She really is just medical waste. Oh, my god! This must be hard for you to see. I'm sorry. I gave up half my life for medical waste? Why did I do that? Was I crazy? It's so pathetic. Ok. Oh, shoot, she's wet. Ok, give me 50 bucks. I'm gonna go in, I'm gonna change her, I'm gonna pay, and you pump. Ok ? Good girl. I think it was a mistake to bring you and Jenna with me. It's too dangerous. no, Matt, it's-- Here. Here. I want you to take this, ok? It's enough for a cab ride back to L.A. Or call someone to come and pick you up. What are you gonna do? Leave us here in the middle of nowhere? And what if something happens to you and Jenna, huh? - I would never forgive myself for that. - Yeah, but what about you? You can't sit up, let alone drive a car. Now, we're gonna be in Mexico in a couple of hours. We're gonna find a cute little place by the beach and we're gonna eat fish tacos and coconuts all day. You and I have each other now and that's all we need. We're Bonnie and Clyde, remember? Yeah. Ok. Well, we'll be right back, all right? Come on. Say bye to daddy. Bye. You guys made good time here. Take it easy. We don't want to make a scene here, right? - Were you following us? - Actually, I was waiting here for you. - You were waiting? - Yup, I was waiting. I called her as soon as I found out you left. So everything she said, it's been nothing but a lie. Don't blame her, Matty. Ok. She just needed to keep you occupied till I could catch up. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Close the door. Come on, it's over, Matty. Ok? Your body can't take any more. We need to get you home and get you better. Then you can turn yourself in. Nobody else needs to get hurt. Oh. - I want you to get out. - Jesus, Matt. Don't be stupid. That's what I am, isn't it? - What you always thought of me. - Just put the gun down. - Why disappoint you now? - Put the gun away, Matt. You have 3 seconds. 1... What are you gonna do, shoot me? 2... I love you, Matty. Ok? You're my son. I don't want you to get hurt anymore, all right? Come on, we can talk about this on the way home. Shit! I got nothing left to lose, Christian. Get out. Get out. I always wanted better for you, Matty. Good-bye, christian. I'm sorry I have to tell you like this. We didn't want to call you in until all the details were confirmed, but uh... Glen Sanders, Ophthalmologist from tampa, married in 2001, died 6 months later. Insurance paid 500 grand on that. You got Darryl Jefferson, cardiac surgeon from Houston, Texas, married in 2002, deceased 3 months later. 750 on that policy. Ian McKenzie, podiatrist, married in '04 for 9 months before he slips and falls in the shower. Only a quarter Mil. Then we come to harland Frank, plastic surgeon from sin city. Died of an overdose of nitrous oxide. Now, that was a big pay day: Over a million. And then, of course, over there... How'd you find all this out? Once her face got out there in the papers, we got a call from Dr. Frank's nurses telling us all about Dixie. Who's Dixie? That was the name she used when she worked there. So we looked into harland's death, we retraced her footsteps and a pattern emerged. Her name is Elizabeth... Hey, Dr. Mcnamara. What? We found her body. Her body? Yeah, thanks to you. Technically you're still married, you're the only known relative. I do have to ask you what you want to do with the remains. Burn them. I've been waiting for you. I don't understand. These stitches should have held. What happened? It didn't go like I planned. It started out well. The audience was so kind and receptive. There were so many faces. I'm concerned about an infection. We just need to get you on some antibiotics before we do anything. I'm not clear on what caused this rupture. All day I'd been practicing. It wasn't going well. My anxiety was building. By the time I got to my dressing room, I was feeling really weird. I told my therapist to leave, to take her seat in the audience. I just needed the comfort of her little hand on my shoulder. I couldn't do it alone. The stage manager didn't want me to go on, but I knew it was now or never. You have to put it in. Just this. She won't take any of my blood. It's just her little arm. No one will know but me. What's the harm? Can you make sure Linda gets her another liter of saline? We need to increase her blood volume. What are you gonna do with Moira? After I told Abigail that I would not sew her back into her shoulder, I promised that I'd call a mortician. She's gonna get a proper burial. Why is it that we see what we want to believe when we don't believe what we see? Because we have hope. Because we want to believe in the good. Because usually the truth just sucks. Her body temp's 101. Her heart rate's down to 105. Looks like the antibiotics are fighting the sepsis. I think she's gonna survive. And so are you. Sean, Matt's on the phone. It stings like crazy. It's gonna be tender for a little while. You just have to keep an eye on it. Thanks. I couldn't just leave you like that. I'd have understood if you did. But I know why you didn't. I don't know when I'm gonna see you again. I should go. Take care of yourself. I'll do my best. You did the right thing, dad. Drop the bag. Turn around. Walk with your back towards us. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney... Annie, I get your jacket. Can you check all the drawers? We don't want to have to come back. Where are you going? I'm taking the kids to a hotel. We'll be more comfortable there. Away from me. Like you've been doing a perfect job. Sean, come on. You need to take care of yourself right now. You can't just take them away from me. I already lost one kid today. I'm not losing the other two. Oh, for god's sakes, Sean, take a look at yourself. You are wandering about in some kind of haze. You marry a woman you don't even know, someone who puts you and your children's lives at risk, who tries to kill you. The saddest part is you refuse to believe it. I don't need a lecture from you. If you want to continue to live in the world according to Sean, that's fine, ok? But it's not a safe place for your kids. One day you'll see that this is for the best.