in lip reconstruction using the patient's labial folds. What about when my husband kisses me? If he finds out, he'll never kiss me again. What about the secret joy of knowing that it's the first time those lips will have ever been kissed? Do it. Put my pussy on my lips. If I may ask, Theodora. Call me Teddy. Why do I  feel like you're interviewing me? I am. Anything else you find interesting? The tumor has spread to the supraclavicular lymph nodes. - Give me a ballpark. - 6 months. I want you to marry me. How does it look? Any moths? Give me a minute. Just to try it on. Everything all right, bizzy? It's been in storage since the day your father and I got married. No, it's fine. I just need a little privacy. Please. Sure. Bizzy. That's what you call her? Since she was 2 years old, she was always getting into things. Rearranging her room, sorting out the silverware. Very industrious little girl. I encouraged her. I told her, you put your mind to it, work hard, you're gonna get whatever you want in life. Because let's face it. She was not going to get anywhere on her looks. Could I get you a drink, Mariela? Soda, water? Please. And call me "Ma". Patron doble. Because we are celebrating, aren't we? My daughter is getting married. - And to a man of all things. - Yeah, well, nobody's perfect. Pretty close. So why are you marrying my daughter? The sex. The last time I visited, she was a flannel-shirt wearing lesbiana who was having trouble getting a date. What is the real story here? The real story is I should be toasting you for giving me such a beautiful woman. To family. So you're gay? This is an arrangement between you types? You get insurance now or something. Can you come in here, please? Can you please... could you help zip this for me? You're gonna have to let this out a little. Oh, no, I can't. This is an antique. It's an "as is" kind of thing. This is not gonna work. So, why don't we just buy you another dress and we can start it on tradition? No. You don't understand. Ever since I could remember, my mom has wanted me to wear this dress in my wedding. And then I came out to her, and neither of us thought this would ever happen. A traditional wedding? In a church? In my mom's dress? This means everything to me now. - Sure that's what this is about? - Bizzy. You know very well, it is bad luck for the groom to see you dressed like that before the wedding. Ma! The dress doesn't fit! Ay, mira. It's those tas of yours. You've always been top-heavy. Ladies, I think we're going gown shopping. No. If I can't touch the dress, then I'm gonna shrink my chest. I wanted it before, now I have to. Book me for a breast reduction. Well, this is quite a surprise. It certainly is. Tell us what you don't like about yourself now, mrs. Caldarello. Her tits, her ass, that turkey waddle under her chin, and maybe you could lighten the luggage under her eyes. I guess the only thing you don't have to do are my lips. Not those beauties. You did such a bang-up job on them, doctors. That's why we flew all the way out here. That's very flattering, Mrs. Caldarello. You never struck me as the makeover type. We could barely talk you into repairing the damage from your oven? It's nice work if I do say myself. You could never tell - that the skin came from your... - Breasts. Never. Ordinarily it would be fine for Allegra here to let gravity take its course, but she's gotta go back in the market. I've got prostate cancer. The doctors aren't optimistic. I always figured by the time I kicked, she'd be set, - financially speaking. - I'll be fine, Manny. I can get a job. With what skills, honey? With a little luck and a lot of surgery, she'll find another guy. Someone who can care for her in the manner to which she should have become accustomed. Oh, those lips... I'm gonna miss them like nobody's business. Damn. Where's the head? All I do is piss these days 'cause of the big "c." By the way, I saw you on that tv show you did. I was quite upset about that character you based on me. The one you called... - I can't even say it. - Pussylips. That's the one. And the part about her father abusing her? - Mrs. Caldarello... - How did you know? I am so sorry about your husband. I know how devoted you are to each other. I can't imagine life without him. Hey, sadie. - Sadie? - Sadie sadie, married lady. Just trying to keep things light since you look at me like I stole your job, when you look at me at all. Let's have a little girl talk, shall we? The thing is, is that I wanna spend as much time with Christian and Wilber as I can. But if I stay home 24/7, they are gonna make me crazy. So, I think we should split the job. That's genius. I'm totally OK with that. Oh, now we can be friends. It's so much easier. - OK, I just have to ask. - OK. I know, I know. Now, I am... now, let's see. I don't take antidepressants, I have no history of diabetes, no allergies to any drugs, no hypertension. I'm all ready for my surgery, Mrs. Demille. That's helpful. Thank you. But what I really want to know is how it works. Being one way and then suddenly switching horses mid-stream. Isn't that weird? You just loose interest in girls? I'm just curious. Bi-curious? I didn't mean to be too personal. It's just that I havebtrouble keeping my own wilderbside in check. Having secrets is difficult, painful. Don't you think? How's our girl? Her milk bottles are down a quart, but aside from that, she's doing fine. I'd say they're only down a pint. Didn't she ask for a high "C"? She said she wanted to fit into her mother's goddamned ugly dress. A "D" will do. Didn't this all start because she had back pain? We're killing two big-titted birds with one stone. Where are you going? Come on, hang around. This is history right here. This... my last surgery. No more lipo on chunky divorcees or rhinoplasties on self-hating jewesses. I am free, baby. I'm taking Lizzy and the kid to Italy. We're gonna eat like pigs. Who cares if I get fat, right? Why do you look at me like that? Listen, I've had to accept this and you will, too. Which is why, I'm gonna start interviewing replacements. Who says I wanna hire someone new? You think you can keep this train running on your own? This O.R. is in use 70 hours a week. I own half of that, which means that when I'm dead, that money goes to Lizzy and the kid. I don't want them to miss out because you're so depressed you can't get real. They'll be taken care of. You know that. Even if I have to pay them out of my own pocket. I think it's a little morbid to start interviewing when you're still healthy. Look, Sean, I'm doing the best I can to keep it together about all of this. It's not easy knowing that your whole life is gonna go on without you. I just wanna know that the guy standing opposite you in the scrub room every day is there because I want him to be. I can't replace you, Christian. Everybody's replaceable. Even me. Can you, can you call me when she's coming out? You're gonna have to let him go, Sean. That man is dying and not in a metaphysical "we're all dying" kind of way. He's going to be a ghost before halloween. Life is changing. You can either ride the wave or get smashed to smithereens on the rocks. It's easy for you to say. He's my brother. Graduated with honors from UCLA and trained at Cedars, distinguished residency at the Joseph Still Burn Center in Augusta, guest editor for NJM. - Credentials speak for you. - That's encouraging. If I was looking to hire a Nobel laureate for surgeon. So my partner and I have been together for over 20 years. We've done over 6,000 surgeries, I was best man at his wedding, and we have a son together. We're not looking for somebody to just come in and play doctor. It needs to be the right personality fit as well. Somebody who's willing to emotionally invest in the practice as well as the partnership. Oh, well, that's definitely not me. I'm only in this business for the money and the girls. - Not married? - Don't believe in it. - Kids? - No. But under right circumstances... - What about your dating life? - Often, but only a 9 or a 10. - Ever had twins? - Sisters, but not twins. - Ass man or tits? - Why choose? - New York or Vegas? - New York is Vegas for anyone with taste. Well, you have taste. I'll give you that. So do you, Dr. Troy. This room, for instance, impeccable design. This chair, Milo Baughman. Distressed celadon velvet. That couch... the color, vintage tweed. The whole palette of this room is... inspired. I should give you the number of my designer. You could kiss her ass instead. I'm sorry. I know I get a little carried away. My mother was in the business. I grew up around this stuff. You have a patient. Female. She's coming for a brow lift. What's your approach? - How old? - Early 50's. I'd push for an endoscopic brow lift. Provided you use a laser. You get nearly the same results. Patient tells her friends about her quick recovery, and that only means more repeat business. I don't wanna do this. Would you rather I hire him first and then you find out you don't like him? I won't like him no matter how good he is. He's not you. No, but he's got the best credentials by far. I would think he could be able to break you out of your... shelf from time to time, which you're gonna need when I'm gone. - Don't say that. - Let's go back to the wedding, right? I mean, I need time off for that first, remember? Who picked out this table? This is top of the line. Double-swivel casters, split leg plates. Beautiful lines, too. Sean spent weeks looking for the right table. He had to have the best one. Well, I'm impressed. Work with the best, you never go wrong. Guess I have some pretty big shoes to fill then. All right. Well, I guess I'll let you guys get better acquainted. So, I understand you already performed a labial transfer on the patient. Mm-hmm. About 3 years ago. Fantastic job. No wonder she flew all the way out here to have you do it again. Thank you, doctor. I just hope one day - you can say the same thing to me. - OK. Fire it up. - What do you think? - Beautiful work, doctor. OK. Let's do some lipo. After work, a drink? I'd like to, but I'm scouting locations for Christian's bachelor party. Mind if I tag along? It's always best to get a second opinion. Sure. So this is Christian's favorite place? Nice. What were you thinking? 10 to 15 girls back in the "Champagne room" for the night? - That'd be fun. - Yeah. Fun. - I say something wrong? - No, this whole thing is wrong. Christian used to pull me in here after a difficult surgery to blow off steam. Of course he got the dances for free. - This doesn't make any sense anymore. - It is a bachelor party. It's not just a bachelor party. I mean, he's not just getting married. He's leaving. The 20 years working together. I suddenly don't have a partner anymore. You're a good friend, Sean. I know I can never replace Christian. But if you give me a chance, I know we could make a good team. It's nothing personal. Now that you mention it, I really can't see celebrating in this dump anyway. It's grotesque. - Girls aren't so bad. - The girls are top shelf. But if you look at the upholstery on that couch, it's all frayed, there's food stains on the carpet. And I don't even wanna know what you'd see if you shine a black light on the chairs in the VIP room. Are you hungry? 'cause I know a great place to grab a bite. It's not too far from here, and it's really tastefully decorated. Sure. You're such a lucky duckling, Mija, to have a handsome prince with the power to turn you into a swan. Ow. That hurts. They're going to be a little tender, OK? No fondling for a week. Don't worry. You'll learn to love it doggie style. Christian, my mother is standing right next to you. That's music to my ears. Nothing between a man and a woman is ever wrong. There we go. Perfect teardrops. They're more like water balloons. Why didn't you do as decided? I took them down so you don't need back surgery as you get older, period. As getting rid of your two most beautiful assets, I made an executive decision. One that we could both benefit from. You're not even married yet and you're lying to her. That was a bad decision for you to make. My daughter is in charge of her own body. - You're in charge... - Please stop. Please. Christian, I am in charge of my own body. Then why don't you order your body to put this on instead of that moth-ridden relic? Oh, my God, this is gorgeous. - Sorry, mom. Oh, my God, it's gorgeous. - It's not you. But you want the world to know how rich and glamorous you are? Or do you want to take your sacred vows in the same blessed tradition passed on from mother to daughter for generations? Ma, where are you going ? I'm gonna phone your grandmother and tell her the news. Dios mio. Me va matar. She's gonna kill me. And when she does, enjoy your wedding. - Maybe Wilber's wife could... - One more word and I'll change my will. Here's the key. Dr. Troy said to make yourself at home. - Thanks. - You're welcome. I just wish you wouldn't hand over your office to him so soon. I'm not gonna be using it now. And he really loves my decor. - That was awkward. - What the hell were you doing? - Masturbating? - Probably looked that way. Like you were screwing an invisible woman on my couch. - It was no invisible woman. - You were screwing the couch? Gentlemen, I'm completely embarrassed. So let me apologize and explain. - I struggle with objectum sexuality. - What's that, couch-banging in English? OS Is not a widely known condition. It's barely understood. But it is real. Those of us who identify ourselves with OS are fully capable of forming a strong relationship with... physical objects. It stems from a belief in animism. Wait a second. So you believe that physical objects can be sentient beings? Like us, they have feelings. They can communicate, even express love. So all this crap about relationships, you were talking of screwing a floor model at Pottery Barn. I do have normal relationships with women. They're just not as satisfying. There's a long history of gender assignments with cars, boats, buildings... The difference is I've never stuck my dick in a tailpipe. I try to fight the urge. I didn't want to believe that I could be capable of finding something like a piece of furniture so attractive. But there's something irresistible to me about a really well-built piece. My whole life I've been attracted to perfection in all of its forms. As plastic surgeons you can relate, can't you? Get out. Get out! Next time I'll do a background check. You're right on schedule. What do you think? You're very good, Dr. Mcnamara, but I think it's going to take some time to get used to these. They'll lose some volume once the swelling goes down. No. I like this size. It's just that I'm a shy person. I'm not used to being so out there. There's my baby. Did I tell you, Tito? Reincarnated as Gina Lollobrigida, and she's not even all healed up yet. Hello, Allegra. What is he doing here, Manny? He insisted on being here for your recovery. What a guy, right? Sorry, Dr. Mcnamara, this is Tito. Our butcher from Coconut Grove. My best brisket. I know how you love it. You should have seen the look on the X-ray guy's face at the airport. I'm sorry, Mr. Caldarello, but we only allow family in recovery. But Tito is family. At least he will be after I die and he marries Allegra. Him? You're not gonna find a better candidate. That butcher shop is a cash cow. He's a widower, and his little girl Connie is pregnant with twins. I know how much you want grandbabies. You can't handpick your wife's second husband. We never agreed to this, Manny. I'm just helping move the process along. I know my wife better than she knows herself. She's always telling me how she and Tito carry on. I like his ground chuck, Manny. Not to be too forward, Allegra. I've been giving you an extra quarter pound of it for years now, hmm? I'm very flattered, Tito, but I would have preferred if Manny had waited until my transformation was complete before inviting a suitor in to see me. I'm dying, babe. Every minute counts. If I'm gonna have some say in all of this, I don't have any time to waste. How do you like her new breasts, Tito? Grade A prime, no? Allegra needs her rest. And take your meat with you, please. Wonderful seeing you, Allegra. I am at the Ramada Inn, in Burbank, if you want to call. To the beautiful bride. Thank you. Finally. WNBA season tickets. - I love you, doll. - Thank you. I love you. And tell Christian those are Jack Nicholson's Lakers seats. Maybe that'll convince him to go. Men don't want to see tall women with muscles slamming each other. Que es eso? I know, Ma. That's what you used to tell me when I used to play for St. Mary's. And did you have many dates in high school? With men? Are there any normal men in high school? This one's from me. It's heavy. Be careful. I can't even imagine what's in this one. Open it up. You can read the card later. It's a set of all clad. Now you're gonna have to learn how to cook. Like a straight woman. No more take-out. And it has a lifetime guarantee. - Thank you. - You're welcome, sweetie. That's great. A lifetime. Oh, sweetie, I didn't mean anything. None of us can cook, right? It's not that. You're all just such great friends. Christian has cancer. And we won't have a lot of time together. Maybe 6 months to a year. Oh, sweetie. I just love him so much. Now it all makes sense. A man, a doctor with his looks. What? - Marrying me? - That's not what I said. OK, maybe we should all go. No, no. Please, please. No, don't. My whole life you made me feel like something was wrong with me. I wasn't as pretty as Christy Sherman or as feminine as Kelly Peterson. I laughed too loud, I was awkward, I was clumsy. You called me your ugly duckling. - And I believed you. - That was a joke, - and you know it. - Did I? You could never see me for what I was. It was always what I wasn't. It didn't matter that I was funny, that I was smart. The truth be told, if you could replace me with Christy or Kelly, you would have done it, wouldn't you have? You weren't exactly an easy child, lizzy. How could I be? I was fighting for my life, and the only one on my side was me. If people made fun of me, what did you do? You told me to lose weight, straighten my hair. Is it any wonder that I spend my life surgically altering people who hate themselves because they do not measure up? If it wasn't for the people in this room, I would have no self-image at all. These women love me. And a few of them have even shared my bed. Yes, that's right, mommy. I'm so sorry if that isn't what you consider normal. But maybe that's because you're not capable of loving anyone. Not even your own daughter. I don't want you at my wedding. I don't even want you in this room anymore. Make sure you get under the cushions. I think he consummated it there. I'd like to pay for the cleaning, if I may. What are you doing in my office? I realized I left behind my things, and I... - also wanted to return this to you. - You could have mailed them in. I didn't want to put you out anymore than I already have. You really wanted to help me? You could have found me a replacement. I'm getting married in 2 weeks. Congratulations. I feel really terrible the way things worked out. Just make sure you don't bang the receptionist's desk on the way out. Excuse me. You're not using any toxic chemicals on her, are you? If I'd known you were gonna look like Sofia Loren, I'd taken better care of myself. I'm not talking to you. Look, I know what I did was wrong. I'm sorry. Tito was a stupid idea. Can you ever forgive me, doll? I can never buy meat there again. I'm not just a possession you can give away to the town butcher. I'm worth more than that, Manny. I know that, baby. - You deserve the best. - Yes, she does. I'm glad you finally see that. And the best is what you're gonna get from now on. Anthony... look what I got for you. You're beautiful. These are for you. So what do you think? Well, Manny... if it makes you happy. She'll forget me within a month after I'm dead. People aren't like furniture. They're not that easy to replace. Rember what I taught you? You think you can do it? Yeah, are you sure? Are you sure? I'm gonna go over there and you come over to me and show me what you got? OK. Ready? Come on over. I think we have an expert. I think you're pretty good. Now you know, the ring bearer, that's a very important job. - You think you can handle it? - Hell yeah. Hell yeah? All right! So listen to me then, why don't you practice a little bit more? Kissy kiss. Thank you. Go. Your mom really should see him walking down the aisle. Please don't start with me, Christian. I'm having a hard enough time as it is. I never thought I'd get married, but if I did, I was pretty sure that my mom would still be there if she was alive. - She called you at least? - Yeah. But my decision is final. She's not invited. You know, you're gonna need her when I'm gone. Maybe. But I don't need her now. She's been replaced. You guys are my family. Well hey there, buddy. You wanna get in the middle of this? You do? All right. Little Wilber sandwich. Little hug. Come on, squeeze it in. I love you so much. I don't feel anything. Keep smoking and keep going. If you'd have put the money you scored this weed with toward the bill, we'd made the payment.</i> Well... all we hear is... Oh, my God, we're on the camera, guys. We'll all be in the dark.</i> - What's this? - I want to go back to school and be a pediatrician once... Feels like I'm losing everyone. - Baby, baby! - I was out of focus.</i> I'm setting it on the right. I promise that you won't lose me. What do you want out of your life? I know that I can't replace them. But that's the best I have to offer. It's a lot. And a kicking-ass practice with Sean where we make women feel better about themselves.</i> I want you.