there's nothing,and I mean nothing. left of him for me. Nick? I have made more time for us. And I've been completely supportive of lisa wanting to open her own art gallery. I'm sorry.Can you excuse me just for one second? - See? - Oh,I'm sorry. It's just-- it's my client who's on trial for murder,but she can wait. you know,many couples find that creating a special time free from workday distractions. A meal,perhaps. Nick. I told you,lisa,after patrick's senate campaign is over, and letitia's murder trial is done,things will be easier. It'll calm down. I promise. You two probably feel like you're having a really hard time. But you're being honest with each other about your dissatisfactions, and that's-- all right,look.This one i should probably take.I'm sorry. hey,brian.What's up? You kidnapped our son! Andrea,our son stowed away on my jet. I had nothing to do with it. You planted the idea in his head. The pygmy has a mind of his own. And let's face it,unlike you, is smart enough to realize he'd be better off here with me. I want to be with both of you. That's why I stowed away,and that's why I called nick. Your son told me he has two weeks off from school,and rather than return to brazil, he wants to stay here in new york,splitting his time. Just for the record,your brother is not exactly a fair arbitrator. I'm not partial to brian. Yeah,well,back at you,boss. I'm partial to my nephew because,like him, I had to live through years of my parents' crap,and it's not fun. You're two adults. It's two weeks. The kid deserves a vacation. Figure it out. Nice work. You've created a situation where our son has had to hire a lawyer. Oh,i created? What did I just say? You're the one who kidnapped him. - Say kidnapped again - kidnapped! Why do you deliberately provoke me? I just said don't say kidnapped again,and you say it! Hey,how's my favorite felon? Oh,she needs a tiny favor. Well,what is it? I have to go to the crown regent to try and settle everything for pat's election night party, - but after that - it's about the party. See,well,I want to be there,so if you could get me excused from my house arrest, I could be there-- you know,for paddy. Letitia,do you remember ellen's memorial service? Didn't come off smoothly. Brian and I wound up in jail. So maybe it's best for our case if you start acting like you're actually under arrest. mom-bo. Jeremy. Anything I can do to help? help is on the way. My new fuel,which I'll be ready to produce in mass quantities, suitable for commercial distribution within the next decade,will-- I can wait outside here. No,noyou got my message.Good.Stay. This won't take a minute. Ni hao. okay. So what's cookin'? Last week,I asked you to marry me. I-I know. it was very exciting. And I've waited a week for your response. But I haven't heard a word from you. Obviously you're not ready to take this to the next level. really? Right here? If you're not willing to respect me enough to give me an answer when i ask you a direct question,we're through. Forgive me. What? What? 'Cause we c-c-- we can talk about-- we can talk about this later. No,there is no later. It's over. Done.Go. Go. Sorry.Where were we? Uh,ah,yes. The world is changing rapidly. I need a favor. I just did you a favor. You're double-dipping. My mom wants to go to patrick's election party at the crown regent. Two words--house arrest. If your mother was up for murder, and you asked me for a hall pass to go see your brother win an election, I'd totally do it. Jeremy,I can't just go into the judge's office and ask for favors on your mother's behalf. That's--that would just be weird. Not as weird as it would look if I went to her office and told her what you just did to me,or. what I'm about to do to you. Who taught you how to play hardball? You. I like it. it's been a rocky road to the senate for eytorn general patrick darling. how can anyone not trust that face? O un camino difícilyou look so honest. I look so fat. With voting to begin in less than 48 hours, incumbent senator danielle root still holds a narrow 3-point lead in the polls, placing her in a statistical dead heat with patrick darling. Please. you're nervous. I was. I was a wreck until you came back. I don't know how I ever would've faced this alone. You got this far without me. Barely. what? I just never thought I'd be here,by your side for your biggest moment. This. is going to be our biggest moment. going public with carmelita? Are you out of your mind? I will not keep her hidden anymore. Election night,whether I win or lose,dad, inm gog public with our relationship--done. You do realize,do you not,that there could not possibly be a worse time for this? You say that like there would be a time that would please you. What your father is saying,patrick,is that should you win,this revelation. woulimpair your ability to govern. To say nothing of how it will steal away the very thunder of a night that you and i have been talking about, have been dreaming about,for years. Then again,of course,that may be your intention. No,no,no,no. You two aren't gonna bully me out of this,not this time. Carmelita's gonna be there by my side,and that's that.Case closed.The end. See,I'm not like you,dad. I live from my heart,not my head. And that's how I intend to govern once I get to washington. Mr.Darling is in with someone! Well,well,well. Hello. - Chas - patrick. Tripp. I can only imagine what I'm interrupting. Should I call security,sir? It's okay. Hello,chase. We missed you at the funeral. What's going on? Nick george,chase alexander. Chase is ellen's brother. Been a few years,huh? So how's it going,chase? Are you still punishing quail down there at sandhill? Tell you the truth,tripp,I really haven't had the stomach for it this year. Oh,that's too bad. - I was thinking - I know you killed my sister,you son of a bitch. Hey,listen,I didn't do anything. - Ellen was the one wh - patrick,that's enough. She loved you,and you took her away from mom and me forever, and you never even loved her back. That is not true,chase. I know you did something,you bastards,and I'm gonna find out. I'm gonna find out what you did to my sister,and you're gonna pay. You're gonna pay,you son of a bitch! -DIFUNDE LA PALABRA- "Dirty Sexy Money s02e04" Well,you have to do something, Nick. He's obviously nuts. He's also kind of right. Oh,that's rubbish, Nick. Ellen tried to kill my son,and she died in the attempt. Her death was accidental. The events that occurred thereafter were affected only to avert misunderstanding. The election's tomorrow. I'm aware of that,paddy,perhaps even more than you are. Well,it's obvious that chase is agitated,frantic. But nonetheless,he's the uncle of my grandchildren, and,well,I--I'm going to need you to talk to him,nick. Find out what he wants. Make him feel safe. Okay? Dirty Sexy Money Season2 Episode04</font> I will see what I can do. I love it,the light. How much? What kind of clientele are you prepared to attract? Uh,I have relationships with a lot of major collectors. Such as? The ingersolls,the macmillans. Pretty tight with lucy lawless. Lucy's a major collector now? Well,anyone with major taste is a major collector as far as I'm concerned. That's just me. Let me turn on the lights in here. Bill gates parks his helicopter on the roof of this building when he visits the city. Bono is a regular at the sushi bar. And I've never heard of you,or the macmillans. My money is as good as anybody'S. It's not,actually. You're a first-time dealer with second-rate clients. I wish you'd been more forthcoming when you called. I wouldn't have wasted your time. Thanks. Hi,I am looking for chase alexander. Well,this is the number he gave me. Yes,chase alexander. Just-- did he say when he might be back? All right,j--tell him that nick george called. He has the number. Okay? Thank you. The crown regent hotel called. Good news only,daisy. Good news. They wish patrick the best of luck, but they've suddenly become unavailable for his reception tomorrow night due to the political leanings of the new owner. Perfect. And,nick. Karen darling's here to see you. Thank you,daisy. So what did simon do now? Asked me to marry him. And what did you say? I didn't say anything for a whole week. - Because? - I was thinking. God,nick,I've been married four times. Even I have shame. So what happened? He dumped me. And now he won't return my calls,he won't let me see him. It sounds like he really loves you. He does love me. Nick,this is my fault. This is my fault,nick. Oh,my god. I feel so stupid. You asked me to marry you all those years ago, and I just let that offer slip away,and now simon. It's like I marry the guys I don't love,and I lose the ones I do. God. Would you talk to him? You want me to talk to simon? - Yeah. - No. Why not? Because I think you dodged a bullet. Look,I don't think simon loves you the way you think he does,not even close. Then what's the harm in it? Go to him. There's nothing you love more than being right,right? And if simon doesn't love me,I'm sure you'll let me know. Please. Karen,I-- hold on. hello? Thanks for meeting with me. You're not an easy guy to find. You alone? Completely. So I assume you want me to shut the hell up and go away,right? Not at all. I just want to hear what you thenk happed. That's all. Okay.You really want to know? I think my sister was fed up with patrick and his girlfriend. Oh,yeah,I know all about her or him. My guess is ellenwas gonna leave patrick and take the kids, and then h hkilled or had her killed. Then he just dumped her body in that wedding cake castle of theirs and burned it down to cover it all up. Divorce--darling style. Listen,chase,I know that you're in pain-- no,you don't know anything about it. Now maybe brotheits intuion isn't good enough to send somebody to jail, but once I go to the press or the D.A. Pre and I tell 'em what I know,it'll sure make things hard for patrick tomorrow. So you go. Run and tell tripp. Bet he thought he had this election in the bag,didn't he? Well,now he's gonna feel what it's like to lose something. Yes,Patrick.I spoke to him,and that's as much as we can do at this point. Nicky. Oh,you are such a dear-- moving the entire campaign party here just for me. But you didn't need to. I had just gotten permission to go out. Uh,hang on. What--how--well,how did you manage that? Oh,jeremy took care of it. Friend of a friend,he said. He can be quite charming,you know. Yeah,yeah. Charming's a nice way to put it. Hey,pat. Did chase seem unstable to you? Is he still threatening to go public? Stability is not the first word I'd use to describe him. Great.Okay,nick. Uh,see you later. What's wrong? Nothing.That was just standard political ops. for tonight. It didn't sound like standard political ops. Who's unstable? what aren't you telling me,paddy? Look,if I told you to trust me,would you? You know I would. Trust me. It's nothing. mona lisa. Jeremy. Gettin' her vote on. I like it. Are you following me again? Heck no. I'm exercising my democratic right. Besides,you'll be relieved to know that my heart is otherwise occupied. With whom? Sadly,I cannot say. Don't let it get you down. That's not what's getting me down. What's the matter,nick forget your birthday? Anniversary? No!The--the gallery space I'wanting to rent. They rejected me bause apparently I don't have enough fantastic celebrity clients. You never mentioned yours truly? The name "darling" comes up enough in my life,thank you very much. I respect that.I do. But it was totally the wrong choice. Go back to voldert. Tell him I'll be your partner. - No way. - It'll clinch the deal. And nick would kill me and you. Not necessarily in that order. Lisa,lisa,lisa,to see you with your own gallery would be a thing of beauty. Come on.You know you were put on this earth to tell people what art to buy. So what if you need to grease the wheels with a little darling oil? It's just business. Think about it. Ciao. So what'll it be today-- a threat,request,warning? Question,actually. What are you doing with karen? You proposed to her. You dumped her. What's your game? You know what? I'll tell you. Karen darling only wants what she can't have. Am I right? My guess is,right about now,she's missing the hell out of me. In about a day or so,if I ignore all of her phone calls and her texts, she'll be ready to beg me to take her back. Now when she comes crawling-- and we both know she will-- I'll marry her,take all the shares she has of darling enterprises, combine them with the shares I've been steadily acquiring, and,uh,take over tripp darling's company. Okay. uh,so why are you telling me this? well,because,nick,I trust that you'll take the information I've just given you, and you will put it to good use. And--and--and don't forget to vote. I won'T. Who'd you vote for? come on. What?Based on your feelings for the darlings,it's a fair question. I voted for patrick. Well,on behalf of the family,thank you. I'm gonna tell you something you're not gonna like, but ouwant y to hear me out,okay? That's an interesting use of our "special time," but okay,go for it. I can't get the gallery space that I want, that I need,unless I use a celebrity connection,and,um. jeremy offered to be my partner. You went to jeremy for help? No.No,no,no. We ran into each other when we were voting,and he said he'd go in on it with me. No. He's not after me anymore,nick. He's fallen for some oth girl. What girl? I don't know. I don't care. I. look,I can set boundaries,nick. I can handle him. Actually,you've proven that you can'T. I already set up a follow-up appointment with the owner to try and convince him-- lisa,I don't care.I don't care.I won't allow it. I'm just trying to do something with my life. Well,then try again. And why don't you try doing it in a way that isn't a tremendous insult to me, your marriage and your dghter and all the things that we'r in therapy trying to save? Me having something of my own can be part of saving everything. Well,lisa,if you want something of your own,then you should do it on your own. The answer is no. Thank you so much for our special time. So you met with chase,you heard him out. I did. And his theories,tripp, about what really happened are not that far from the truth. Yeah,he's always been sha. He's also desperate. I found out that since ellen's death,he's lost his job, the bank's foreclosing on his house, and the monthly checks that ellen was sending him have obvious dried up. So he's a man who has nothing to lose. Well,methinks we should offer him a way out of this cul-de-sac he's found himself in. You want me to pay him off? I won't do it. By not going to the police, I am already deeper into this cover-up than I want to be. We all are,nick. Trust me,I'm not advocating any further attempts to cover anything up. So what do you want me to do? Go back to him with a package-- a combination of financial relief in the short run and a long-term plan of some sort, a position in one of the companies. He was taking money from ellen. This is not really any different. So you want me to pay him off? I want you to invite him in,nick. He's family. And carmelita? Is pat still dead set on having her by his side for his. acceptance speech? Well,I'll have a chat with carmelita. myself. Go to chase,nick. Time,I believe. is of the essence. I'm sorry I'm late. I called your office,and they said you were already on your way. That's no problem at all. so listen,um. I talked with my husband,and. I'm afraid it's just,uh,it's not going to work out. I'm--I'm sorry for wasting your time. I'm confused. Your partner's already signed the lease. My partner? hello,mrs.Guggenheim. What--what are you doing,jeremy? Well,I thought about our discussion. I called severin,and voila. welcome to the lisa george gallery. Just sign,here and here. I. I-I-I can'T. I'm sorry. Excuse me. Keep this chilled. Hey. I'm sorry for the,uh,ambush. You know me. I can't resist a big entrance. Ah,jeremy,I appreciate this,but I can'T. I talked to nick about you helping me,and he went ballistic. That's perfectly understandable. Doing this would cost me my marriage. It's not worth it. Doing this won't cost you anything. Telling nick that you're doing it. you want me to go behind his back? I want you to have your cake and eat it,too. I mean,come on,lise. Who deserves this more than you? I have wanted this practically my whole life. You will totally rock at it. Yeah. It's not like nick denies himself anything when it comes to his career. Word. Come on,lise. Think of yourself for a change. Nick can never find out about this. He never will. Let the tastemaking begin. Hey,you're late. is brian jr.With you? Why would he be with me? I can't find him. We were running late this morning, and I--and I jumped in the shower,and I--brian! Yeah,nice try. You were supposed to be here,like,over an hour ago. Brian,listen. I am telling you the truth. I can't find our son. Brian! What if he ran away again? I'm gonna call the police. Brian! tripp,what are you doing here? Uh,the--the bellboy said he thought it would be better if I were to wait inside. what do you want? Patrick let me know that you were planning to share the stage with him tonight at the victory celebration. Is that a problem? Well,for me? Uh,certainly there are concerns,but my concerns are secondary to my. concerns for you. What concerns? Thatour appearance onstage with patrick could give rise to unseemly questions about you and about ellen's death. Ellen's death? What about it? Well. that's complicated. Complicated? ellen didn't die in a fire,did she? Regrettably,no. then tell me what really happened. Sit down,dear. So your house would be paid for in full, college funds for your girls d woulbe put in place, established in your name,and like I said, if you're interested,that position at darling avionics could be yours. You know,you people make me sick. Look,chase,if you really feel you have to go to the police or the press with this story, then I'm not speaking on behalf of the darling family when I say this-- I understand. I just worry that the amount of money you're gonna be offered for this story isn't really gonna be enough to solve your problems. And we both know that there's no guarantee that you'll find the justice you're seeki. So the truth. the truth just doesn't matter anymore,does it? - No,it's just that what you think is the truth - okay,j-just stop,stop. Okay,just respect me enough to just stop. I mean,don't you people. know when you've won? I mean,who am I kidding anyway,right,trying to do the right thing? I got a wife and three kids. All right. You can have my silence. I take it you know where to find me to send the check. Yeah,we do. You know,you sounded a lot like tripp darling back there,nick. He must be so proud. The polls are about to close,and hopes remain high here at the imperial, the legendary multistory mansion that patrick darling calls home. The candidate has been behind closed doors. With hardly 18% over the incumbent senator,danielle root. In oswego county,a typically blue-collar haven, darling is creeping up with a little over 49% of the votes there. If it strikes anyone as a surprise that darling is doing so well. Have you seen carmelita? No,I haven'T. You put her on the list,right? Yeah,she's on the list. Well,I've left her five messages,and she hasn't called back. - You don't think that tripp - he just walked in. Hey,guys. Dad. Returns are coming in. Excuse me for a second. - Okay?- Yeah.Jeremy. Wait up. Nice work on getting that temporary furlough for your mom. Well,that's me,you know-- jeremy darling,power broker. You know,something like that requires a motion from the D.A.'S office,right? That crackerjack legal mind. You want to tell me who you're friends with over there that has that kind of legal pull? We're serving domestic limoncello? Excuse me,nick.I gotta go talk to the help. Jeremy-- this stuff is toxic! Um,he's about 4 foot tall,he has a face like a smurf. Here's a recent picture,and he's 4'2" exactly. And,uh,she's the one who lost him. bad in buffalo. Albany's good.Syracuse? Still a toss-up. Did you talk to him? - Who? - Simon. Yeah.Well,we talked. And-- well,I don't know how to say this. Okay,he's really calling it off,isn't he? No,actually,he wants to marry you. Oh,god. Nick,thank you.That's great. But you shouldn't do it. Why? He's using you,karen. Simon only wants you for your shares in darling enterprises. It's part of his grand plan to take us over. How would you know that? Because he told me. Why would he say that to you? Albany's a lock. That's great.Thanks. You are such a jerk. Karen,listen,it's the truth. You just want to keep me waiting forever,wishing for you. no. Uh-huh,but never quite having you. I thought you were better than that,nick. - Karen - what happened to you? I. with 4% of the vote counted,it's too close to call. Poll watchers around the state are reporting record turn-out despite inclement weather in some of the precincts around the adirondacks and great lakes. It's an election that has inspired voters of every description, poughkeepsie to the hamptons,t o make their voices heard,possibly because no one. you came. I did,but I can't stay. What's the matter? I know everything. About what? Ellen's death. I. did not kill her. I know that. I know she attacked you. I know she slipped and fell. I know you moved her body and burned her to avoid some scandal. Who told you this? It doesn't matter. What matters is I can't be with someone who's capable of taking part in such a massive lie. Sweetheart,please. It's not a discussion,paddy. I moved back after all these months because I wanted to be with the man that I loved. But I don't know him anymore. Carmelita,please. Good-bye. Let me go. Just. tell me who told you this. Please,just. just tell me that. I've--I've--I've always believed he was bound for greatness. He just carried himself differently from other children. Would you all please excuse us for a moment? My father and I need to discuss something privately. Excuse me. I want to talk to you. You make me sick. What's happened? You told carmelita?I spoke to carmelita,yes. When are you gonna learn to stay the hell out of my life? It was,in my opinion,necessary for her sake. - I know how much she means to you - so you drove her away? Patrick,why don't we deal with this later? No,you stay out of this,nick. This is a family matter.Got it? I didn't drive her away. Is that right? Will you please expin to him that it would never have worked out having carmelita by his side? It wouldn't have been seemly. And it would not have been safe for her. What about me,dad? Why can't you just finally admit you've made this election all about you? Nick,will you please explain to him that what I did was the right thing to do? I know that's how you saw it. Nick. Oh,my god. You can't even convince him? You pay him to buy your crap. Enough,patrick! Good lord. Oh,what now? - Tripp? - No. Dad? Oh,my god. Tripp? Dad? Tripp? No shortage of behind-the-scenes drama tonight as just moments ago, tripp darling,the family patriarch and father to senate candidate patrick darling, was rushed by ambulance here after suffering ? en ambulancia an apparent heart attack. He was lucky,actually. The E.K.G.Confirms that mr.Darling suffered an M.I., But there should be no lasting damage to his heart. thank god. he'll sleep awhile. I advise you all to go home and do the same. Thank you,doctor. thank you. Patrick,mom,come in here. Quick.Come on. With 78% of precincts reporting,we are calling a winner. The newest senator from the state of new york is patrick darling. It looks like his native manhaan has come through for the city's favorite son. will wonders never cease? I'm so proud of you. Thank you. Hey,look what I found at election headquarters. The fuzz rounded him up. oh,thank god.Baby. Where the hell have you been?Where have youeen? I didn't want to hear you and mommy fight anymore. S-so you ran away? I took the subway to coney island. But then it starte to get dark,so I left. And I got kinda lost. Well,the important thing is that you're safe now,okay? And you don't do that again,okay? - Okay. - You don't do that again. All right. congratulations,pat. I kns it'not how you planned it,but. thanks. Look at him-- like freddy krueger, just waiting for a chance to kill again. You're angry.I get it. No. I'm not angry. because now I understand how tripp darling lives,works,operates. fully. Victories have costs. Maybe I should take a little less patrick darling down to washington and,uh. a little more tripp. Well,that'll make your father happy. Oh,no,it won'T. Brian,um,scheduling-wise, - I think you know that I-- tonight is - yeah,I know,andrea. It's your night with him. I know how eager you must be to have another chance to lose him again. no,no. What I meant was,why-- why don't we just take him home together? We need to work this out. Yeah,okay. Sorry if I was a little rough on you before. No punches thrown. Kinda progress for us,huh? Yeah. Hey,jeremy,could you do me a favor?My phone is dead. Keep it. I got extras. Thanks. daddy. I think I'm kinda in over my head. I know you told me not to get emotionally involved with simon,but I did,and now. nick is telling me that simon only wants me so he can take over the company. I don't know what to do. You know,you're gonna have to learn how to make decisions without his help, because one day. I know. Okay. Bye. Go home.I'll stay. Oh,no,nicky. That's not necessary. Well,actually,it is. Your hall pass runs out in ten minutes. Oh.I don't think we want another nola lyons production. You make your point. The last one by his side,nicky,out of everyone. shouldn't you be at your brother's coronation? No. This is more important. I'm listening. I. I'm sorry. That's it? No. I want to say yes. Uh,yes. to what? yes,I'll marry you. If the offer still stands. It does. Hey,sweet cheeks. Hello? hello? jeremy? how'd paddy do,nick? He win? Yeah,he won,tripp. He won. that's quite a day,for any couple. A happy ending,at least. For the darlings. What about the georges? How about their happy ending? I got the gallery. Yeah? All on my own. No help from jeremy. I... I was gonna tell you. Well,that's great. That is great.I am very proud of you. Thank you. I'm sorry. I forgot to turn it off. Sorry. I'm--I'm--I'm here. Like I said. If the two of you can keep being honest with each other,you can. Overcome anything. -DIFUNDE LA PALABRA-