Those people are so lucky. Learning chinese. It is their century,you know,and eventually,they will overflow their bders. Crowded there,is it? Hello mom? Dad? Yes. Samantha? We saw your car. Hey,sammy.What are you doing here? No,what are u doing here? I-I thought today was the day you guys go look for junk at garage sales. Well,it is.We came home early.I got some horrible news. She made me pass up a great box of doorknobs. I could have had a spare for everdoor in the house. What was your horrible news? You know that condo we have listed over on college avenue? Well,there was a bidding war. And we solit. You do know that it wasn't an actual war,right? That was our only listing. And it sold. Hey,why don't you and dad go celebrate? Samantha,you don't understand. To get listings,you have to have a listing. It's like it's easier to get a job when you're working or to meet a man when you're dating somebody else. Oh,listen to me.I'talking to someone who doesn't have a job or a man. Why don't we just put another ad in the paper,like that--That picture of us with the cell phones? Oh,it looked like an escort service. We got calls. I know. Why don't we sell th house? Nobody's selling this house. I just washed all the window screens. I don't mean really sell it. It's just-- I want to ha an open house so i can meet people that are looking, you know,get new listings. I do not like strangers in my house. I don't evenike people i like in my house. I hear ya. Hello? I founbucks in the couch. If i can take 2 more out of your jean i can go see a movie. So you won't be in the apartment? Want to join me? Oh,poo.No,i can't. I-I'm having sort of a work crisis with my mom. So you have a good time. Bye. Good for you. Oh,i'm finally getting e support from you that i was-- See ya. Oh,todd,no! That means, i'd like to sena fax. But who senda fax anymore? What happened to the movie? Well,i-I decided i didn't want to go alone. It's just not as fun doing things by myself,u know? No,i don't know,todd! How could i possibly know? Okay. Is something botheri you? Look,i-I never get to be here by myself because you are always here. Look,i-I know i'm around a lot lately, but right now i'm waiting to hear about a staff photrapher job at the chicago mirror. Really? When are you gonna hear,tomorrow?This afternoon? By the time i finish this sentence? It's--It's down to two of us. We're both meeting tomorrow, but,you know,i'm not holding my breath because the her guy is wes greene. Wes greene. Wes greene. Yeah,he and i botstarted at a free local paper a few years back, then he got this picture of a mine worker rescue which earned him a pulitzer prize, and his career took off. You know,i was supposed to get that assignment,but for some reason,i never got the call. I'm gonna go get us a cab.Don't forget to lock up. Did you put the vodka in the carry-On? Yes,y,and smile.It's 78 degrees in cancun. Why do i have to have curly hair?Why? Todd,it's chuck at the "chicago voice. " I can get you in that collapsed mine in ohio,but you have to leave now. Call me. Cancun. Ohio. Message deleted. Oh,my god. Did you ever find out what happened? Well,what--What happened is-- Is now wes is shooting magazine covers, and i'm renting your couch. By the way,this month's on me. What? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Proudly Presents -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-Sync: Ring Samantha Who Season 2 Episode 15 And all i cared about was going to mexico,and i completely ruined a guy's entire life. You must feel awful. How was ncun? Dena,sweetie,i never get to remember the good parts,only the screwing-People-Over parts. Sorry. And todd doesn't know what you did? No.If i didn't tell him i dropped his sunglasses in the toilet, I'm definitely not gonna tell him about this. Can i tell him? No. God,i just--I just wish i could undo this,you know? Get him that job somehow... Which i could if wes was out of the way. I need your help. Hey,i am insulted. Just because i am italian does not mean i can get rid of somebody. I mean,i can. I mean,i ow someone who happens to be italian. No,no,sweetie,because you're a lawyer and you can help me get his address. So you can slash his tires. No!No more bad. I-I've already messed up someone's whole life. I mean,who does that? Uh,my neighbor just called, and she said that there is a "for sale" sign in my front yard and an open hou going on. My mother does that.That's who. Thanks for signing in.Here's my card. Mrs.Newly,what's going on? How did you get in my house? Isn't that the great thing about living in a all town? No one locks their doors. I do,yeah. You can't sell mhouse. Is that something needed to say specifically at some point? No,no,i'm not-- I'm not--I'm not selling your house. I'm just making contacts. I've already met four potential clients and a strange man who sniffed your banister,and then he left. You let in mr.Darcy?This is not okay. We love this house...And we'd like to make an offer. No. No. No. No.No.Sorry. See ya. Um,apparently the--The house might not actually be available after all. Okay,we don't want a big negotiation. We'll give you $30,000 over the asking price. I think you'll be very happy here. That's him. That's wes greene. Hot. Now i gotta figure out what i'm gonna say to him. I need some sort of plan. I shou have sex with him. How is that gonna help my plan? What plan? - What? - Oh,jeez.Forget it. Hey,wes greene!Wes greene.Hi. I'm samantha newly.I'm a friend of-- Of,uh,todd deepl's. How is todd? He's good.He's good. Look,you know that pulitzer prize you won? I do,yes. That should have been his. Okay um... Well,i'll just go get it then. No,no,no,no,no. You can--You can keep the--The thingamajigger just... Lookplease don't go on that interview today. Let todd get this job. And why would i do that? Look,todd was supposed to have that coal mine assignment,but i didn't give him the message, so in a way,you might say i kia got you that pulitzer prize. So basically,you owe me. Why--First of all,thank you for the pulitzer prize. It's okay. Although i don't recall you being in that mine shaft choking on dust and death for two days a mile underground or placing the camera or getting enough lights down there to shoot, but not too much light,so that people could feel the darkness those men live in down there. Yeah,okay,we get it.You got a camera. So does everybody else.I have one on my phone. Right,so if you don't mind,i'll just keep the prize and my interview appointment,which is in 20 mines. So i gotta get ready.Say hi to todd,okay? Oh use this. You carry that in your car? You don't? No,i can't do this.I can't do this. You've done it plenty. You just go through the side,where the steel belting's not in the way. No.No. I was mad a minute ago,but it is just--It's not right. So let's--Let's just go. No,you should go home,where because of you, todd is probably sitting there jobless,just teaching himself the banjo. See?It's just like riding a bike.Right? I can't believe it. I got the job the greawes greene was up for. This is amazing! You're welcome. - What? - You're welcome... to happiss. Go forth.Be happy. Welcome. Thanks. See ya. I totally got him that j, which we will file under ip it, all right? I st know there goes my chinese study bdy. Yo right there. Frk,don't go anywhere. Don't worry. ****** Thank you. What the hell,anyway? Is there a problem,sir? As her. I know you. Dude,how the heck did you know where iived? I drove todd home once when we worked together. But today i had to take the bus because someone slashed my te to get her boyfriend a job! She's all yours. Frank,come on.Tires? Tires are really hd to slash,which i woulnot know... About. Okay,okay,okay. I am so sorry,but,you know,you're kinda getting a little fliout-Y. A little... Flippy out-Y. A little--Little flippy. You're mad,and i understand that,but you can ge any job you want, and todd really,reall needed that job. Did he? Did he need it because his wife divorced him and he has to show a judge that he's locally employed or he'll lose custody of his kids? I don't know. Fine.Fine.I have ruined yourife,too. I will fix this.I promise. I will talk to todd,and then i will explain to your ex-Wife exactly what... No, you go anywhere near my family,and i will run you down in t street! Need a pretty cooperative bus driver for that. Not funny. Great.Now to help wes,i just have to ruin todd's career again. By the wayi'm happy,and i never want your help. Dena,dena,this is a very good offer. I know. It--'S $30,000 over the asking price. I know.That's a l of money. In this market? With people all over ts country unable to sell their homes,it's like spitting in their faces. You know,this w my mom's house. I've never lived anywhere else. Dena... Do you kw where your mother is right now? - In a wall. - She's in here. - In a mausoleum over-- - I didn't mean literally. Okay,no,the point is... She's not here in this house. She's in heaven. And your boyiend's in the city,and samantha's in the city,and. That's where our future is,dena. Dena,i'm giving you the future. Thank you. How was,um,ahem,your first day? Great.Amazing. Sam,this job is everything i've always wanted. Really? Even better than working...At a camera store? A camera store?No,no,this job is great. My assigent editor walked me through the storie i'm gonna be shooting-- Gangs in the north side,spring training with the cs,maybe london012. Maybe london 2012? I mean,what,if you-- If you play your cards right? Ause i'm sure if you-- You want to walk on eggslls for the next four years. No wonder you're so stressed out. I'm not stressed out. Calm down,man! Breathe.Chill. Look,you--You beat out wes greene for this job. You can do so much bette i-I believe in you. Wait.What's going on you were so happy i got this job. Okayall right,i'll say it. Look,i-I've seen your work,and,uh,it's not that good. Incredible. What? You just have to keep me down,don't you? No.No,no that's not it. well,then what?W-Why do you wt me to quit? Because... Because i. I just,uh,really started to miss u,you know? I just--It's really quiet around here. Yeah,exactly. When i was laying around the apartment claro,cuando estaba en like a lump,you could handle that. You know,i bet this is why i never got ywhere when we we together. Well,i'm going somewhere now. I'm going out to dinner wi my editor and publisher. Deal with it. Sam? You know,that martha stewart is a wackadoo, because this does not sharpen knives. Nope.It doesn't. You slashed wes greene's tire? Well,i tried reasoning with him first, and i-I wouldn't even have been able to slash the tire if andrea didn't carry a knife. You know what?Hearing it now,i bear very little responsibility here. So now i have to quit the job. Oh,god.Thank you so much for understanding. I mean, his life is in shambles. You know,he's getting divorced,his tire was slashed. I mean because i don't deserve it. Yes,you do deserve it,and you will get the next one. No,he can have it.I'm done. Done?With photography? No.Why? Because on the off chance you're not always ere to slash someone's tire for me, it's obvious i'll never have wes' career. Yeah,well,you know what?You would have if it wasn't for me. What? Thanks for doing my inspection, mr.Newly. Oh,not a problem. You know,those licensed gs are a racket. Carnies with a clipboard. No,everything is fine under there,but you got a little bluish stain in the sink there. You know what?That's just where my mom made a blueberry pie every sine sunday. Well,the new owners can just bleach it out,right? What?No! Every time i go to rinse out a glass,it makes me think of her. You know what?I'm just gonna take that--That sink with me. Well,they might notice that eventually. Oh,and here,this doorjamb-- It has all the marks from where my mom measured my height every single birthday, and,oh,this asterisk by my 13th is 'cause i wouldn't take off my darth vader helmet. No,i'm--I'm--I'm ripping that out,too. And the front door? Taking it. Yeah,that's where chase and i had our first kiss,and,oh,i'm gonna need the floor in front of the fireplace because that's the first place,you,we... Never mind.But i'm--I'm gonna need that. Dena,are you sure you want to sell? Oh,yeah,sure. I mean--I mean,i signed a contract,right? Everybody's counting on me. So i guess... I just got off the phone with the new buyers. They wanted to make sure that you were leaving... That you were leaving the snoopy mailbox. Like--Like you were gonna take that with you. I want that. Regina,bad news. The sale ain't gonna happen. - What? - What? Yeah,i was just down in the basement. I-It's riddled with mold. Mold?So?You n hang up an air freshener. Well,nobody's gonna buy a house with mold,regina, and now that you know,you have to disclose it. Well,thanks so much for your help,mr.Science. You're not a professional,and you cannot say anything against your wife in court. That's the law. Dena,dena,i'm gonna get a bottle of wine and some painkillers, and by tomorrow,you're gonna forget that this conversation ever happened. W-W-Wait.Wait. Don't blame mr.Newly.It's me. I'm happy here.I have a good life,you know? I have a boyfriend and a--And a best friend and--And a free house with a yard for my dogs. People work their whole lives to have what i already have. I mean,i don't want to leave! Okay.We got mold. I don't even have a basement. Well,i'm not a professional. Thanks,mr.Newly. Don't mention it. Oh,and,uh,your bedroom wiring is shot. Gotcha. No,i mean it. Fix it,or one night you'll wake up on fire. A vacation? You screwed me out of a job for a vacation? Okay,okay,okay.That's o scenario. Now just flip it around. I did you a favor. Oh,really?How's that? Say i did give you that message,and you had gotten that job. I mean,maybe you would have gotten a pulitzer prize and ended up just like wes-- Failed marriage,not allowed to see our kids. Maybe i wouldn't have neglected our kids. Yes,you would've. You'd be gone all the time. What,and you're such a great mom? Yeah,well,at least i went to their soccer games! - Wait,sam. - And the homework-- It's so hard! What are we talking about? I don't know! I'm just so ashamed.I'm... I am so,so sorry that i ruined your life. Well,i don't know if you ruined my life. Yeah,it was kind of ruined... By me. It's not ruined. Kinda is. Well,it's not even that bad. You didn't see wes' car. If it wasn't for me,you'd be driving that car. Okay,stop. Can you drive a stick,though? Sam,come on. You know,i-I know that you think you pull all the strings,but you're not god. You don't control the universe. That's very sweet,todd,but just not true. Believe me.I would love to blame you for everything bad that's ever happened, and--And not giving me that message--Yeah,that was bad. Yeah,but since then,i might've... Made a few wrong moves on my own. No,you said i always kept you down. Well... I was mad. The truth is,i've never been a big self-Start. When we were together,you kind of kicked my ass into gear. Really? Which is maybe why since we've been apart,i've... Kind of sputtereoh. Quit. Recommend wes. We'll find you something better. Camera store? Even better. Okay,so like i was saying, except the opposite,it is a nice thing to have people in your life. You just have to remember that they're in charge  of their own destiny.. Give me that. And that  you can't control them,no matter how much you want to. Yeah,here we go. No matter how much they really  need you to take the wheel,don't do it. All you can do is give them  a nudge in the right direction and hope for the best. The good news is,you'll have more time to focus on your own life, to solve your own problems,big and small... Like how to do a crossword  puzzle when you have amnesia.