to you! Yeah, yeah, I know, babe. If you could just hold that thought till the end of this quarter. You want to put that back on? No, I don't. In case you've forgotten, it's my money that's paying for this room, just like it's going to be my money that covers your bad bet. Fine. Message delivered. It's your money we play with in this marriage. You're the one with the trust fund. Now put the set back on. You know, Walt, it's times like these I thank God my mother made me get a prenup. What? You going to hit me? Go ahead. Make all this even easier. Hit you? Are you kidding? I wish you were dead. Walt? Natalie Paxton? How did you know? 'Cause you grabbed your neck. You always grab your neck when you're dreaming about Natalie Paxton. I guess I do, don't I? Oh, well, those dreams can't go on much longer. Tomorrow's closing arguments, right? So it seems pretty clear that jury's gonna send her husband away forever. Let's hope so. And the only thing I don't get is how after having the same dream over and over again, it still manages to scare you. I don't know. The whole thing is so morbid. The guy kills his wife. He chops off her head. And then takes it, puts it somewhere. Hides it somewhere. But, honey, you've dreamt this dream how many times now? I mean, after a while, don't you start to get a little... desensitized? No, I don't. Not even a little. Personally, I'm starting to think it might be time to have a conversation with the late Mrs. Paxton. Explain to her there may be other dead people who need your help, and she can't be monopolizing your dreamtime like this. Yeah? Well, next time I see her, I'll tell her. Right after I ask her where her loving husband stashed her head. Allison! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It was Natalie. Paxton. Got it. www.1000fr.com present Capture:FRM@MAOREN sync:FRM@FRM@¹Ûº£ÎÀ</font> Girls, come on! I've got cereal getting soggy in here! Sweetie, what is it? What's wrong? Are you hurt? Well, I don't understand. Why aren't you talking? She can't talk. She's not allowed. Not allowed? She's jinxed! Okay, Ariel, why don't you tell me what's going on here? Well, Marie sneezed this morning and that person over there and I both said "bless you," so I jinxed her. And now she can't speak until someone says her name, or she'll have bad luck for the rest of her life. You're kidding. I remember this from when I was a girl. Honey, it's okay. It's just a game. It's not true. Yes, it is. And it's not a game. It's a curse that's been around for thousands of years. Don't do it, Mom, or you'll have bad luck for the rest of your life. Bridgette. Bridgette, Bridgette, Bridgette. Thank you! I thought I wouldn't ever be able to talk again! Oh, no, that'd be awful. Okay, guys, come on, finish your cereal. I gotta go talk to Daddy. Hey. Help me out here. Which, which one of these shirts looks the most well-adjusted? Well, I say the... the one on the left looks, uh, a little paranoid to me. And the one on the right looks like it has anger issues. Pretty excited about going to the therapist, huh? Oh, yeah. Huh? Well, you want some company? Going to the company- ordered shrink? Well, yeah, I could drive you. You know, wait with you. Who knows? Maybe he'll even let me come in with you. Al, I can do this. I appreciate the offer, but I can do this. No. I know you can. You're worried about me. I get it. And I appreciate it, but I'll be fine. I am fine.</i> You know, I think they're right. Maybe I went back to work too soon, so if they want me to go talk to this guy, I'm happy to go talk to this guy. Besides, isn't today closing arguments? It's not like I'm actually in the courtroom. Devalos just likes to have me around the office, just hanging around in case he needs something. Trust me, he won't even notice if I'm not there. It's okay. Be there. I'll be fine. What does "circumstantial" mean?</i> The defense will try to attack the people's case as "circumstantial." They want you to assume that "circumstantial" and "not guilty" are one and the same. They are not. You know this. Your common sense will tell you this-- your common sense in combination with the testimony you've heard in this courtroom. So let's review that testimony. You've heard from Walter Paxton's bookies and business associates. They've testified to his lies, his history of stealing from his wife and his escalating gambling debts. You've heard from Natalie Paxton's accountants, how they had recently informed Mr. Paxton that he was about to be cut off. You've heard from a number of matrimonial and family attorneys testifying to the iron-clad nature of Walter and his late wife's prenuptial agreement, how anything other than his wife's death would leave him broke and in debt to violent criminals. And you've heard a proprietor of a knife shop say that the defendant purchased a blade that matches the incisions on Natalie Paxton's body-- a knife that he cannot or will not produce for this court. You've heard about the night of the killing. The screaming fight in the hotel room. The defendant seen leaving the lobby carrying a satchel. The three subsequent hours for which the defendant cannot account, hours spent, he claims, driving the streets in anger. And it was during those hours, that the defendant, Walter Paxton, would have you believe that someone else entered his hotel room, someone else using Walter Paxton's key card, Someone else with a knife exactly like Walter Paxton's. And once inside, what did this someone else do? Why, he decapitated Walter's Paxton's wife, of course, and kept her head as a souvenir! Please, folks. So what do we think? I'd rather have a knife or some DNA or a fingerprint, but failing that... you were pretty damn magnificent. Ah. Terrific. No, I'm here. I'm not going anywhere. Maybe just grab a sandwich or something. Okay. See you then. Can I help you? Yeah, I, um, I'm, so sorry to bother you. Do you happen to own a beige-colored Volvo station wagon? Parked on the ground floor of the municipal garage out here? WOMAN: I feel terrible.</i> I was in a rush because I got a message from the DMV saying</i> they were gonna take away my license if I didn't pay my parking tickets and I guess I didn't realize how many I'd racked up and how long they've been unpaid for, 'cause, well, I can't really do my job without being able to drive. So anyway, I was pulling in and I must've misjudged where your car was because... smack. You're being really nice about this. Most people... Well, most people wouldn't be quite so nice. Oh, I think you have it backwards. Most people wouldn't come looking for me. Most people wouldn't bother to put a note on the car. Really? You think? You can't even see it, can you? See? Smack. That? I wouldn't even have noticed it if you didn't point it out. This car's not in pristine condition. Well, all the same, here is my information. Get an estimate and I'll pay to have it fixed. Pay to have what fixed? You know what? Are you married? You're married-- get your husband to look at it. If you do decide to get it fixed, then you've got my name and number. Well, you are sweet but this is completely unnecessary.</i> Okay. Well, um... How about lunch then? Excuse me? Well, now I think that you think that I'm a nut or something. I've bothered you, I've wasted your time. At least let me buy you lunch. I don't think you're a nut, but, honestly, uh, we're in the middle of a trial. My boss is kind of counting on me to be in the office. Well, how about tomorrow, then? It'd make me feel better. All right. You know what? Forget that. The truth is, it's completely selfish on my part. I'm here for a couple of weeks. I don't know that many people. You seem nice. Well, the thing is... I don't really know what tomorrow's gonna hold. Doesn't matter. I'll call you. Okay, you win! You're a nut! I am! You hear that? That's your phone ringing. That's me calling you right now. It was nice meeting you, uh, Debra. (quietly): I think. Lunch tomorrow. It's a date. So what are you so angry about? It can't just be coming here to see me. Who said I'm angry? Are you kidding? It's pouring off you. You're a walking billboard for anger. No, I think you're wrong. I don't think I'm angry. A little depressed, maybe. I saw two coworkers get shot and killed. Call me crazy, but I think that gives me the right to be a little down. Okay. We'll... play it your way-- depressed. By the way, do you know what depression is? Why? Aren't you allowed to have it even if you can't describe it? No, I don't know what it is. I just know what it feels like. Well, let me tell you about it, then. In men, it's often a function of un-channeled anger. A sense of despair, helplessness, brought on by... situations completely beyond our control. You go to work. You like going to work; it fulfills you. You support your family, hold up that end of the bargain you have with society-- as a father, as a husband, as a contributor, as a breadwinner. Work is safe-- you know what's expected of you, and for the most part, you can deliver. And then, one day, someone shows up with a gun, and all the rules change. Not going to work means, possibly, potentially putting your life on the line. A person has a right to get mad about that. About the deal changing like that. Thank you both for making time. It's all right-- everyone's pretty much gone. Please. That was, uh, quite a closing argument. I agree-- so shouldn't you be home preparing yours? What can we do for you, counselor? Given the events of the day, I'd be willing to try and convince my client that it might be to his advantage to accept a plea of murder two. I'd be looking for 25 years with time served, and a guarantee that my client would be eligible for parole in 12 years. Think about it. Get back to me. The man chopped his wife's head off. It's a bird in the hand, Manuel-- take it, and tomorrow morning it's over. He's behind bars, and you're all over the news as a winning D.A. You know what? You amaze me-- not two minutes ago, you were sitting there talking about what a powerful and stirirring closing argument it was. And it was, but the case is circumstantial. I can't be certain he did it, and neither can you. And I just worry that when that jury gets behind closed doors, they just might say the same thing to themselves. It's a trial, Manuel-- anything can happen. Let me know what you decide. I will call you when I've reached a decision! She wants to make a deal, doesn't she? Alison, I'm sorry, I thought you were... What did she offer? (sighs): Murder two. 25 years, eligibility for parole in 12. The truth is, I should take it-- the case is circumstantial. The jury'll get hung up again, and then we'll be right back where we started. Maybe it doesn't matter. I dream the same dream every night, and there is nothing circumstantial about it. There's nothing equivocal about it. He sneaks up behind her like a coward. You should see his face-- the smug pleasure he takes in it. Her life is gone! I'm not just talking about the years ahead of her, I'm talking about the ones she already lived. Everything that she did, everything she accomplished, it's all reduced to: "She's the woman who got her head cut off." And he's gonna get 12 years? That's not justice! That's some kind of perverse expedience! Well, don't worry about it. We're not gonna do expedience today. We're gonna finish trying this case. We're gonna trust the jury. Good What, that's it? That's it. But that's nothing-- that's less than nothing.</i> I know-- that's what I thought. So, what do you think-- do I even bother getting an estimate? For a ding that small? Yeah, you're right, it's crazy. She wants to have lunch. I'm sorry. Who's that? The woman who hit my car; she wants to have lunch. I might do it, too. Mm. Pretty risky-- eating... with another person... in public. Don't joke. It's hard for me. I don't have many friends. When I meet people-- I can't explain it-- I don't know, I immediately know too much. Makes it hard. So, what is it about this one, then? She was nice. It was nice of her to come and find me, and she was funny. Besides, she's only in town for a couple of weeks, so if I start sensing things that I don't like, I... So, how was therapy? How was the therapist? Oh, he said I was angry. Oh, yeah? What did you make of that? It pissed me off. All rise for the Honorable Judge Arthur Brock.</i> This Criminal Court of Mariposa County is now in session, the Honorable Judge Arthur Brock presiding. You may be seated. The court will now continue to hear closing ar... The defendant may be seated. Your Honor, may I address the bench? Walter, what are you... Counsel, what is your client doing? I wish to dismiss my attorney, Your Honor. Walter, sit down! Excuse me? Your Honor, it has just come to my attention that my counsel attempted to make a deal with the prosecution. She did this behind my back (crowd murmuring) to put me in prison for 25 years! All right... all right, everybody settle down. Your Honor, this is clearly a cheap theatrical stunt to sway the jury's sympathies. Mr. Paxton, counsels, approach the bench, please, now.</i> Your Honor, I don't know what... Your Honor, this is not a ploy-- I just found out about this deal four minutes ago, and now I'm supposed to let her speak for me? Mr. Paxton, let me save you a lot of grief and time. This is a boneheaded move; you're facing the death penalty. Your best strategy right now is to walk back to that chair with your tail between your legs and let your counsel do her work. When she's already tried to put me away? Your Honor,I'm entitled to the best defense available, and right now I believe I should speak for myself, since I seem to be the only one here who believes in my innoce... Did you try to cut a deal? Of course I did, Your Honor-- it's my job to present my client with all the options available to him. And you explained this to your client? Yes, I did. Mr. Devalos? If the defendant wishes to make his own closing argument,I have no objections, Your Honor. You know why he has no objection? Because you're handing him the verdict. Maybe. Maybe not. Joe. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I am not an innocent man. I broke the vows that I made before God to my wife. I lied, I stole, I gave my wife every reason to cut me off and to leave our marriage. But that is a... far cry from the almost unimaginable thing that I am accused of today. I mean, ask yourselves, what would it take for you to do to another human being what they accuse me of doing Now, it's true, they've proven that I fought with my wife. They've even proven that, on occasion, full of emotion, I've said things I don't mean, even wished for my wife's death. But who amongst us hadn't had an embarrassing public lapse in judgment? Or an emotional exchange so filled with poison that you prayed to God you could take it back. They say that... I bought the knife that was used to slay my Natalie. I did buy a knife. I lost it on a camping trip. They say I... left the hotel carrying a satchel. It's true. It was full of clothes. They say I drove off to... dispose of my wife's head. What I really did was back away from an ugly fight to cool off. The truth is, I did the right things. But instead, they're saying I did something almost beyond human comprehension. So I beg you, if you believe it's possible that one, just one of the things that they say happen didn't, you have to ask: Did they really get the right man? Hey. Hey. Sorry I'm late. I may be getting a call from work. I should probably order, too. I can't stay long. Sure thing. Uh... Is this the same case you were working on yesterday? I'm guessing you're a lawyer. Oh, no, I didn't actually finish law school. I work for the district attorney, Manuel Devalos. Sounds impressive. It's just part-time. I do a lot of consulting. Jury selection, witness preparation, that sort of thing. It's not that exciting. Easy for you to say. You don't sell pharmaceuticals for a living. Excuse me... Pharmaceuticals, huh? Yeah-- major boring, but lucrative and fun if you don't mind traveling ten months a year. I don't mind, but I think my husband and three kids might complain. Three kids? Boy, I can barely keep my cat alive. Excuse me. Uh... So what's this case? Uh, you're not from the area. I don't know if you heard of it. There's a guy named Walter Paxton. Chopped off his wife's head and hid it somewhere. Everybody's heard about it. How does someone do that? And how do they stand up in front of a jury when they know they're guilty--when everybody knows they're guilty-- and just lie? You just hope that the jury sees through it. You just hope that you picked the right jurors. And that's where you come in? That's where I come in. Give me a second? You know, I think I saw your boss on the news the other night. Yeah, hi. Can you turn around a second? Yeah, you see that woman waving? (chuckles) That's me. My friend and I would really like to order, so can you send the waiter over? That'd be great. Thanks. So? So what? So... what's it like working for the D.A.? Do you have any comments about today's news? I'm actually very encouraged by today's decision. But while we may all be talking about my vindication... What are you doing? Hi. Sorry, text message. Someone from work. Is everything okay? Yeah, everything's fine. I just... I couldn't sleep, so I figured I'd do it now. Come on. Let's go back to bed. Hello. Mom, it's for you. Hello. Allison, it's Manuel. Sorry to call so early,but I thought you'd like to know the jury's in. They have a verdict on Walter Paxton. Has the jury reached a verdict? We have, Your Honor. In the matter of ThePeople v. Walter Paxton,</i> we find the defendant guilty of murder in the first degree. Now all we need to do is to convince a sentencing jury that Mr. Walter Paxton deserves death for what he did to his wife. Hear, hear. Thank you for the encouragement. Oh... Any time at all. Wow. Look at what you went and did. Now, that is what I call engineering. Not bad, huh? Not bad at all. I'd get up and give you a hug, but I am really, really tired. I can't imagine why. So this is the little fellow who wouldn't let you drink coffee these last few months. I think he's gonna be a tea drinker like Steven. Speaking of the proud papa,where is he? I have a very cheap cigar for him. He went to the airport to pick his folks up. Did you manage to get back to sleep last night? I had no idea that I sent a text so late. No, it was fine. I was fine. Uh, no, I was actually glad to get it. I was happy to hear that everything went well. That you were well, the baby was well. Are you well? Me? I'm excellent. I'm absolutely excellent. I have been seeing a therapist that the company hired. I'm actually supposed to be in his office right now. He's that good, huh? (sighs): I don't know. Maybe I just went back to work a little too soon. Apparently I'm angry or depressed or... I just can't focus at work or something. Other than that... How's your wife doing with it? How do you mean? I've been horrible to Steven. I'm angry with him because he wasn't there, like that was a choice he made. Thank God for hormones. They've been getting a lot of the blame lately. You really don't mind the texting? I know I do it a lot, but it... it really makes me feel better. I look forward to it. Just wanted to remind you it's time for the baby's feeding, Mrs. Bell. Speaking of feeding, I should probably go get myself some lunch. Um, yeah, congratulations again. He's beautiful. Uh, hey, have you been getting, like, hundreds of calls from that Cooper guy? I'm sorry. Calls from who? Okay, I guess it's just me then. I thought it had something to do with the incident, but I guess not. I'll just return one of them and see what he wants. Okay. This was the scene at the Phoenix courthouse earlier today, just moments after Walter Paxton was found guilty of murder in the first degree. Mr. Paxton, who was accused of killing and then decapitating his wife Natalie in their downtown hotel room... Will you shut that off? I've seen enough of that man for a lifetime. Sentencing is scheduled to begin next week. Kids down? Yeah, and it wasn't easy. Bridgette kept trying to say good night at the exact same time as I did, so she could jinx me. Her own mother. Breaks your heart, doesn't it? Mm! What you doing? I'm being proactive. And what does that mean? I miss my husband. Well, that's silly. He's here. Then tell me about your day. Tell me about therapy; tell me what's going on. Nothing's going on. I didn't go to therapy. I don't understand. You want to go back to work, don't you? Isn't this the therapist that the company's counting on to tell them if you're ready to go back or not? I'll go tomorrow. Then I'll go the day after. He'll think that's progress. He'll think he cured me. And don't look at me like that. I'm sorry. I don't mean to upset you. I really am feeling better; I really will go tomorrow. I love you so much, Joe. I just want you to be happy again. I will be happy again. I really will. I'm sorry. If you could please sign here and initial here, I'll have a bellman bring your bags up to your room. Excellent, Ms. Hensley. Thank you for staying at the Phoenix Hilton. It's Scanlon. Hey, it's 5:00 in the morning. Allison? This place is so familiar. I hate to pull you two out of bed, but, uh, I thought you needed to see this. The, uh, victim's name was Ramona... ...Hensley. ...Hensley. Honestly, that's all I have is a name. 33 years old. Insurance broker in town for a convention. No sign of a break-in, so her killer either had a key or he convinced her to let him in. It appears he attacked her in the bathroom here. Got her in the bathtub. Decapitated her and... Wait a second-- did you say decapitated her? Lee, what are you being so cryptic about here? What are we looking at, some sort of Paxton copycat killing? That's what I thought when they first called me. Ugh! What's that smell? Formaldehyde. The coroner hasn't weighed in yet, but we think that's what he used to preserve the head. Preserve the head? I don't understand. Didn't you say this killing occurred hours ago? I'm not talking about Ramona Hensley's head. Oh, my God. Is that...? ALLISON: Natalie Paxton. It's Natalie Paxton's head on Ramona Hensley's body. Okay. Deputy Mayor says hello. City Hall's already being inundated with calls from the press, from outraged citizens, people calling for the immediate release of Walter Paxton. I'm so sorry. I don't know what to say. There's nothing to say. I chose to prosecute this case. There's nothing for you to feel badly about. That's not true. You told me yourself-- I encouraged you to go for broke. And I swear, I never would have if I hadn't seen him do it myself... night after night. I don't know how I could've been so wrong. Wait a second. She never actually saw him. Natalie never actually saw who her killer was. He came up from behind her. What are you talking about? In my dream. She must have died thinking he did it. She was so angry at him at the time, so hurt by all that he'd done. That's why she sent me those dreams. She thought he did it. She never actually saw Walter, or whoever it was who really did it. Okay. Well, of course. You're right, who cares? Doesn't really change anything. Yeah. We have no comment at this time. You just tell anyone who calls that we're still putting together a statement and as soon as it's ready, we'll put it out to the appropriate media outlets. Thanks. Joe Dubois. Mr. Dubois? Am I catching you at a bad time? I'm sorry, who am I speaking with? My name is Conroy. Cooper Conroy. I'm an attorney, Mr. Dubois. Can you talk for a moment? I'm actually about to head off to the doctor. All I'm looking for is an appointment, Mr. Dubois, an opportunity to sit down and talk. Talk? About what? About millions of dollars I believe you're entitled to. Mr. Dubois? Did you hear me? I... I really, uh, I really have to go to the doctor. Okay, that's fine. You have my number on your cell phone now. So I'm going to wait for you to call me. I just need an hour, Mr. Dubois. And I do believe you'll find what I have to say... Do you have any comments about today's news? I'm actually very encouraged by today's decision. But while we may all be talking about my vindication and release, we shouldn't lose sight of the fact that this isn't just about the misguided prosecution of an innocent man. The real victims of this tragedy have yet to be avenged. And while I may be thrilled to be out of jail, nothing that happened in there today is going to bring my Natalie back. And that's why... (TV clicks off) Hello? Are you avoiding me? I left you, like, 100 messages. Yeah. It's just been kind of a complicated day around here. You think I don't know that. You think I don't watch the news. That's why I was calling you. I was concerned about you. Well, I'm fine. Okay. 'Cause I was just sitting here in my friendly hotel bar thinking you might need someone to talk to about it all. You are very sweet. But then I forgot you have hubby for that, don't you? Well, actually... hubby hasn't been all that talkative lately. Well, then get your ass down here-- I'm buying. Oh, God, it's the middle of the week. We're all kind of in bed mode around here. Entrez vous. I don't think I've ever seen you take a bath before. Not since I was nine, maybe. I don't know, I just wanted to think. I understand. You know that woman, Debra, the woman who hit my car? She just called, she wanted to know if we could meet, maybe get a drink. I told her it was late. Ah, the girls are down. I'm okay in here. Okay. Wow, I'm kind of surprised. Feels kind of weird going without you. Don't be silly. Okay. Well, if you're sure. Yeah. I mean, it's just for a couple hours, right? If that. Okay. Oh, that's okay. I got it. Are you expecting a call tonight? Or maybe a text? It's not what you think. Well, good. 'Cause what I'm thinking is not good. hey sorry I feel so badly for you. I feel so badly for your boss. They're just destroying him on television. I know, I can't help but think a lot of that's my fault. How do you mean? Before Paxton fired his lawyer, she came to us, she wanted to make a deal. 25 years, possibility of parole after 12. A lot of people thought my boss should consider it, but I kind of convinced him not to. Wow, sounds like you have a lot of sway over your boss. Well, even if it's true, I don't see how that makes you responsible. Paxton has never wavered. He's always insisted he was innocent. It seems pretty obvious he would never have agreed to a deal. I don't know. Maybe if I hadn't said anything. If we'd just entertained the possibility; if the two lawyers had started talking, the judge most certainly would have suspended the trial a couple of days and the other body would have shown up. Paxton would have never been convicted. Your boss really listens to you, huh? A lot of times, yeah. You and he... Oh, God, no! No. No, I'm married. I love my husband. I'm sorry. I mean, no offense, but why does even care what you think? I'm sorry, am I being too nosy? I just... I love this stuff. I'm kind of a Court TV junkie. I think you have the coolest job. So what made you change your mind? First, you said you weren't coming tonight and you called back and said you were. I don't know. My husband's kind of going through something. I guess we both thought he could use a little time to himself. I never do this. Go out by myself. You don't have any friends? Yeah. No. I have work friends and my husband... Sure, I have friends-- everybody has friends. You ask a lot of questions, you know that? I know; everyone says that-- it's horrible. And I think it's my way of avoiding answering any questions. Oh, really? I'm not answering that. I'm not answering that either. How about another drink? I'm buying. You can't fool me. I'm not answering that either. OFFICER: Detective. So this is where all the action is. Well, now we know where the head of the third victim ended up. So who does the body belong to? There's some discrepancy about the name,