Who's there? Handsome. Handsome who? Handsome cereal to me. Knock,knock. Okay,who's there? And this better be funny. Gorilla. I can't believe I'm doing this. Gorilla who? Gorilla me a cheese sandwich! That isn't funny. Well,I think it is. Well,it isn't. Well,it is. Marie thinks it's funny. What is going on? It's like you've left me for dead. Hmm? No. You just looked so cozy. All bundled up there in your blankets. I just thought I'd give you a couple of extra minutes. Cozy? I was freezing. Yeah? Were-Were you guys freezing? Oh,never mind. So,is this a bad time to talk to you guys about an idea I had for summer? JOE: I think this would be an excellent time to talk about an idea that you had for summer. Warm Mommy up. * Ha,ha, ha,ha. * What's your idea? Well,Hannah and Celeste are going to Camp Redrock, and I was thinking maybe I could go,too. Camp Redrock? I don't think I've ever heard of Camp Redrock. Is it around here? It's a sleep-away camp in Flagstaff, and they have horse riding and canoe trips and campfires and overnight trips. Sounds expensive. ARIEL: Thing is, I've never been to sleep-away camp,and since my friends are going, and this might be the last summer before I'm really too old... Um,let Mommy and me talk about it. I'll call them up, or I'll look them up on-line, and we'll figure it out. See where it is, how much it costs. ALLISON: Oh,hey,guys, come on,we got to get cleaned up, ready for school. Come on. Knock,knock. MARIE: Who's there? Fig. Fig who? ARIEL: Fig my little sister's got something broken inside her brain. BRIDGETTE: Hey! So? Hmm. So,you're ready for this? Yeah. As ready as I'll ever be. Welcome back,Joe. Thank you. Just a little something. Uh. Hi,Mr. Canty. Joe. We've all been,uh, thinking about you. I appreciate that. If you need anything. No,I'm fine. Okay. Okay. DEVALOS: Sorry to interrupt whatever the both of you were doing, but the mayor's office just sent these over. Jennie Heffernan? DEVALOS: She's a college student, but she has been missing for a day and a half. A day and a half? She's in college-- that's not missing; that's sobering up. I'm guessing you're right, but the mayor's office seems to feels otherwise. The folks she works with at some off-campus coffee place are very concerned. Apparently,they went to the police and didn't get a whole lot of satisfaction. Then they started calling and e-mailing the mayor... Who started calling you. So,not only does she serve coffee, but she's also got some juice. Apparently, Jennie Heffernan is a Phoenix Mayoral Scholarship winner and a pretty amazing young lady. She's very studious. Never misses class, never misses work. Her mother abandoned her when she was ten years old. She was brought up in a series of foster homes, but nonetheless, maintained an "A" average all the way through high school, and,as I mentioned, she's working her way through Mesa University with the help of a little scholarship from the mayor's office. Now,they know that it's premature to declare her officially missing, but they asked if I could twist some arms, put some feelers out there. You just know she's in Vegas or Cabo asking for a twist with that martini. Well,the sooner you can confirm that, sooner my phone will stop ringing. Joe Dubois. ALLISON: So,how's it feel? Oh,it feels good. Feels like I never went away. Just getting a lot done. I bet people are making a fuss, that they're happy to see you. Oh,they had a little banner in my office, and Mr. Canty came by. It was nice. That is nice. Oh,hey,you didn't happen to get a chance to look up Redrock Camp on the Internet,did you? Honey,I haven't had a chance to get to my computer since I got back. Yeah,well,I did,and phew,it's darn expensive. Oh,yeah? How expensive? Really expensive. Okay,well,we'll just have to sit down with her and explain about money,cost of things, the realities of living in a family of five. I can do that if you like. Honey? Honey,can I call you back? Sure. This can't be happening. Stop honking! I can't see! "Snow chains"? Hello? Hello?! How in God's name does one human being do that to another? That's what everybody around here was wondering. Won't have any answers for three or four days,though. I don't understand. Can't very well perform an autopsy on a frozen body. I recognize that, but can 't we do something to speed this along? Bring in heat? Melt the ice? Whoever did this to her is almost certainly still at large. Hey,all those thoughts occurred to me. The problem is, if we heat the body or even just the ice around it any potential evidence... hair follicles, fibers from clothing, skin cells under the nails-- it'll all be contaminated by the heat. And if it isn't... the lawyers representing whoever did this are certainly going to try to persuade the judge or the jury otherwise. So,what did the banner say? ARIEL: What banner? They made a banner for Daddy at work to welcome him back. What's a banner? It's a thing you hang from the ceiling with a big message on it. Cool. It said, "Welcome Back,Joe." BRIDGETTE: Wow. So... did they have a party? No party. But everyone was very nice. They said they missed me and said they were happy to see me. Mostly they just let me do my work. Catch up. Left me alone. Um... I know Mom was really busy and... I know you were busy with catching up,but... did either of you get a chance to look up Redrock? JOE: Yeah,I think Mom did when she was at work and I looked on the Web site just before dinner. What'd you think? Pretty amazing,huh? Well,it certainly was amazing. Sweetie,you and I need to talk after dinner. Okay. It's just I was talking to Celeste today and she said that the group that she and Hannah are in is filling up pretty fast and I just... don't want to miss it. That's all. Hey. Is this a good time? Sure. Whatever. I know what you're going to say. You're going to say it's just too expensive. Ariel... I mean Hannah's parents aren't rich and she's going. Yeah,but we don't know what her situation is. We don't know who's paying. Maybe her grandma and grandpa are helping out. Maybe her parents feel differently about it. I mean she's an only child. Maybe they feel that this is an, an important experience for her to have with other girls this summer. Great. Lucky me. Because I have Bridgette and Marie for sisters I don't get to go to camp. You know this isn't about Bridgette and Marie. Nobody is against you going to camp. But this place works out at over thousand dollars a week. And that's before we get you there and we buy you the stuff that you need to bring. And I'm sorry,honey,but that is a lot of money. Yeah,well, I don't think so. Well,I don't think that you are in a position to know. Why? Because I don't have a job? I'm 14,Dad. I know that. And that is my point. This is something that Mom and Dad need to decide because we do know how hard it is to make and save money. Because there have been times in our lives... But I don't get that. when we haven't had enough You work and Mom works and you both work for an emergency situation... and you're gonna make money and continue to make lots of money. No! You don't know that. I know you're 14. And you think that you know everything... about us,about the world. But you don't. It could all change tomorrow. You don't know. Everything's locked. Thermostat,double-checked. Oldest daughter knows everything there is to know about everything. I take it the camp talk didn't go well. Well.... we knew that she wasn't going to be happy about it. But she was so... blithe about the money, blithe about my job, blithe about the future. You know, it's hard being surrounded by people who are so certain they know what's happening next, when you don't. I'm not sure I know what you're talking about. I'm talking about the critical assumptions that we all make as we go through our lives. "Daddy will always have a job. "Daddy will always have money. Daddy will always be here." She doesn't know that. You don't know that. Yeah,well,you're not planning on going anywhere,are you? We have this contract-- all of us on earth-- that everyone will behave, that everyone will be reasonable... and rational... that we will all take turns at a four-way stop sign; that we won't play loud music when the rest of the block is asleep... that no one will bring a gun to work. Hey. I know. 2:45 in the morning. I hope I didn't wake you. Just wanted to make sure that when I came back, we'd be alone. Did you miss me? No! You just think of all the good times we had. Calm down,Darling. I know it's cold in there. Here we go. This should speed things along. Lee? I'm sorry to wake you... I think I just saw Jennie Heffernan's killer. That's all right. I haven't actually been to bed yet, and oddly enough, I'm about to see Jennie Heffernan's killer myself. Excuse me? I'm down here at the morgue. Son of a bitch saved us all a lot of trouble and killed himself la£¿£¿ ???If the Idol is supposed to be American then how come they have that British guy do all the talking? That's a good question,Bridge. And how come you have to wait till after the show to vote? Don't they know that kids have to go to bed after the show? I think they're afraid of what would happen if kids got to vote. ALLISON: I think you might have something there,Bridge. Could I eat my toast in my room? No. I'm eating my toast in my room. Yeah,it's nice to see you,too. Is something going on? Why'd you let me sleep? To be mean. It was fun watching you lay there,get some rest. Your soul at peace. God,I'm evil. This family is weird. Can me and Marie go get dressed? I don't know? Can you and Marie go get dressed? Yeah,honey,go. Go get dressed. Hey,Mr. Happy? You wanna talk? Why'd you let me sleep? Well,I was already up. I've been up since 4:00. I couldn't go back to sleep. So,I thought,hey, why don't I make coffee. Why don't I take care of the girls. Give my favorite grump an 15 extra minutes and you can thank me later. Why are you up? Well,this will shock and amaze you. I had a dream. I saw Jennie Heffernan's killer in it. Mmm,yeah,I'm just reading about him. Yeah,well,it turns out my dream was all for nothing. They caught the guy. He killed himself. So,case is closed. I'm still up. It's his fault,right? Wait a second. That's not him. SCANLON: I don't know what to tell you, Allison.</i> It doesn't get much neater than this. The house where you discovered the body was owned by this Brian Barbera fellow who wasn't living there, but was doing work on it. It turns out he and Jennie were seeing each other. And you're sure he killed Jennie? He left behind a juicy suicide note telling us where to find the body and exactly how he did it. Guess he didn't figure we'd find her first. They found him in a pool of his own vomit. The medical examiner said his stomach was full of cyanide salt. He just so doesn't look like the man in my dream. Well,don't feel bad. I guess he didn't turn out to be the man of her dreams either. Where's Mom? She's taking a bath. Why? You need help with your homework or something? You said the reason I couldn't go to Camp Redrock was because it was too expensive,right? Right. Well,what if I paid for it? Ariel... What? Is that such a hard question? Okay,look,I know you're mad at me about this, but you need to know something. I'm starting to get mad at you. "No" is something that you're going to hear from time to time in your life and the fact that you can't seem to accept that concerns me a lot. What's that? It's the money for camp. I found it. This is a passbook... for an account that your grandparents set up for you when you were born. Where'd you get this? What difference does it make? It has my name is on it. It's mine. This was in my drawer. What were you doing going through my things? I didn't go through your things. I knew right where it was, and I knew it was mine. So I went in your room and I got it. That's all. It has my name on it, and it's my money. There's almost $8,000 in there and I'm going to use it for camp. It may have your name on it, but it is not your money. Not until you turn 18. And the fact that it has your name on it is no excuse for you going through my drawer to get it. How did you even know where it was? I know lots of things,Dad. Well, no,you don't. You don't know nearly as much as you think you do. That money is for college. Your grandparents gave you that money for college,not for camp. So that's it? It's just "no" even though I have the money? Yes,it's "no," and you don't have the money, and you can't just go into my room and take things without asking. All right. Is that everything? It doesn't matter where you put it. I'll still know where it is. That's okay. You don't need a passport to get in this bedroom. Your driver's license will do. No,it's not a passport; it's a passbook, and it was in my drawer under a lot of socks, and Ariel took it without my permission to show me that she had the money to pay for camp. Whoo,this kid's rich. That's not funny. This is her college money from my parents. Well,calm down. I know what it is. We both know she can't get any money out of the bank without one of us. And you know what? She knows it,too. She's just mad. She's mad that she seems to have so little control over her life. She's mad that we seem to have so much control over her life. So just come on. Relax. Let's go to bed. You know, in a couple of days, everything will be back to normal. She'll be fine. No,I-I don't think I feel like coming to bed right now. You always feel like coming to bed. Is everything okay at work? Everything's fine. Is everything okay with us? Everything is fine. So all of this angst is about Ariel? What are you trying to say? I'm saying something seems wrong. Everything is so serious. You don't seem happy. You know,this is the first time I can ever remember you forgetting to ask me how my day was. I didn't forget. I already know. You had a dream. You told someone. They didn't believe you,but it all worked out in the end. I'm sorry. I guess I'm just... I'm mad. I'm mad that I seem to have so little control over my own life. I guess I'll watch TV. Bull's-eye. Bull's-eye. Bull's-eye. MARIE: You're laying on my Mr. Snookie. Must have fallen asleep watching TV. Get ready for work. Diamonds? She finds them in this,t his place, this storage unit where I first saw her being killed. Storage unit? W-What are you talking about? That's what I was trying to tell you. The place where I saw her being killed looks nothing like the place where I found her body, and the man that I, I saw killing her is not the same man who committed suicide and left a confession. Now I'm dreaming about these diamonds. This dead girl is sending me messages and I can't make any sense of them. I feel like I have to get a better sense of who she is, maybe talk to her friends or see where she lived. Allison,this is a closed case. Well,apparently not to the victim or I'd be sleeping a whole lot better. Well,the friends thing isn't something that we can make happen quickly. Maybe I can get you into her apartment. Would you mind going by yourself? I'm not sure that I can afford to assign a detective to something that, at least from a legal standpoint, has already been resolved. Okay,I'm fine with that. Yeah,Jennie was a very nice girl. She always paid her rent on time. When the police told me what happened, I was horrified. I haven't touched the place yet. They told me not to. Uh... there you go. Now it won't lock on you. Thank you. I won't be long. Hmm. Oh. Jennie. I know this sounds strange, but I can actually see you. I'm so sorry. All that you've been through. No one's life should end that way. Who did this to you? Was it Brian? Why? I want to bring you peace. I want to bring you justice. ??? I'm confused. You say the ghost of Jennie Heffernan did this to you? Impressive,ghost packs a hell of a wallop. I said I thought it was the ghost of Jennie Heffernan.</i> Obviously,I was mistaken. She must have been hiding in here the whole time-- I don't know-- maybe in that closet. She must have come out when she heard me leave the first time. Which begs the question: if Jennie is alive and well enough to assault you,then... Then who are we waiting to defrost at the morgue? Well,what was she doing here? What was she looking for? Hey,w-will you pass me my purse? Thanks. I wonder if she was looking for this. SCANLON: What's that? I'm hoping it's the keys to a storage space I've been dreaming about. Hello? MAN Mrs. Dubois, my name is Marcus Canty. I work with your husband. Excuse me. Is this a bad time? Would it be better if I called you back? No,this is an excellent time. I'm having an excellent day. This has to do with your husband,Mrs. Dubois. Is he all right? To be perfectly honest, I'm not sure. I mean,he's here and he's fine, but since he's come back to work, he hasn't been attending any meetings; he hasn't been making any phone calls; and,uh, I talked to our IT guys and even though he switches on his computer in the mornings, he doesn't seem to be signing on to the company server. Near as I can tell, he,uh, sits in his office with his door locked all day and does God knows what. I feel very strongly that perhaps we had him come back to work too soon. I think perhaps he should see a professional, a counselor or a therapist. I can hear that I've caught you at work. No,I'm gr... I'm very grateful for your call and I'm thinking whatever you're thinking... i-it seems right. ALLISON: Hiya. Hi. What you doing? Just looking myself up on the Internet. It's kind of frustrating, actually. Apparently, I don't exist, although there is a guy with my name who's all the rage in gay porn. You doing anything interesting? Nope,sitting in a car, driving across town with Lee, talking to my husband. Love you. Love you. Are you sure we shouldn't stop by an emergency room, get a proper X- ray or something? Nah,I'm fine. It's just my head. There's nothing in there anyway. Yeah,I know this girl. I helped her load a freezer out of here last week. She was Brian's girlfriend. I mean,you know that. It was in the papers. She used to come around here a lot. So this is definitely Brian Barbera's storage unit? Has been ever since I worked here. Kid came in like clockwork, every month to pay the rent. Did you actually want to go inside? If you do,there's something I have to ask you to sign. Well,that's strange. I take it back. I guess Brian Barbera isn't the actual tenant of record for this unit. Then who was? Somebody named Peter Barbera. A brother maybe. I don't think I've ever met him. I'm worried about you. Your boss called. They said they might want you to see someone. Talk to someone. I think it's a pretty good idea. I'll get it. Hello? SCANLON: He's not the brother. He's the father. Excuse me? Peter Barbera,the man who rents that storage unit-- he's the father,and he's been in prison almost eight years. Okay. Great story,too. Got pulled over for a suspected DUI and actually got into it with the officer. I mean,big time: blows to the head, then a high-speed chase. I mean,this guy's desperate not to get arrested. Turns out, it's his third strike. Then,no sooner do they get him in the joint, then he's picked out of a line-up for a local diamond heist. Have I got your attention? They couldn't make it stick, never found the diamonds, but on the surveillance video of the heist, there is a man and a woman, a woman with blond hair. Your boss and I are setting up a visit at Arizona Correctional with Mr. Barbera for tomorrow. Care to join us? Mr. Barbera, I'm Manuel Devalos, District Attorney, the city of Phoenix. These are my colleagues... I really don't care. They buried my son today. You'd think they'd give a guy a day to mourn. This should speed things along. We're terribly sorry, Mr. Barbera. Actually,he's the reason we're here. How much do you know about your son's death? He killed some girl. Then he killed himself. Can I show you a picture of this girl? What'd you say her name was? Jennie. Jennie Heffernan. Very interesting girl. Smart. Very smart,but had a very tragic life. Her mother abandoned her when she was quite young. For a while,her older sister Haley tried to raise her, but then Haley got involved with a two-time loser that liked to stick up jewelry stores. Next thing you know, Haley's nowhere to be found, and Jennie's all alone again. Then she turned up dead, and your son confessed in a suicide note. Anyone tell you how he killed her? Bound her up, stuffed her in a freezer, doused her with water. Pretty tragic,huh? First the sister disappears. Then Jennie's killed. Then we realize that this freezer wasn't always where we found it, that up until recently, it was in a storage unit you were renting. Really? Really. And that got us to thinking. What if Jennie's sister didn't disappear at all? What if something far more dire happened to her? For that matter, what if it wasn't Jennie in the freezer? What if your son wasn't a killer at all? SCANLON: You got to wonder what we'd find if we tore that place apart. Think we'd find anything valuable? Think there'd be any,uh-- I don't know-- diamonds maybe? DEVALOS: In a few days, we'll be able to positively identify the woman in that freezer. I've got a very strong hunch that it's not going to be Jennie, but maybe her sister Haley, and when we tie her murder to you, I intend to seek the death penalty,unless you start telling me what you know. She got away with it. The perfect murder. She must have been planning it for years, tracking down Peter Barbera's son Brian, becoming his girlfriend, getting the key to the storage unit... finding the diamonds that her sister died for... using her own sister's body to make it look like she was dead so no one would look for her. All for those diamonds. Night. They almost don't seem real, Haley. Yeah,they're real,Jen. And you know what? These little babies are going to make all our dreams come true. Haley, pick those up. Give them to me. I'll be right back. What are you talking about? I just got off the phone with my fence. He won't touch 'em till they cool down. Two weeks at least. I got to hide them. Hide 'em? Or run with them? You want to come with me? I got the perfect spot. A real bull's-eye. A little place where I keep my hunting gear. Yes,as a matter of fact,I do. Jennie,come on. Get up. Let's go. Peter's got a place he needs us to go. A real bull's-eye. Whoa,whoa,wait. What are you doing? The kid's in her pajamas. It's the middle of the night. This'll take 15 minutes. Let's just go run over there. I'll have you back in no time. Jennie,we're going to be right back. I want you to lock the door behind us and don't open it for anyone,okay? Okay. What? Don't worry about them. I'll keep an eye on the diamonds for the both of us. Are we rich now? Sure we are. Soon as we sell these diamonds, we'll have everything and anything we want. We'll be able to do anything, go anywhere. Even Mexico? Even Mexico. Be back soon. Back soon. Hello? SCANLON: I'm sorry to call you this late, but I thought you'd want to know. Got a call from Customs. She's already used her passport. Mexico. Based on the partial fingerprint we were able to get, this is definitely Haley Heffernan. Cause of death: suffocation. She drowned. You mentioned on the phone that in the course of your examination you'd come across something unexpected. Over here. We found this during the autopsy. When I examined the stomach contents I found a latex balloon. When I cut the balloon open... I found these. Oh,my God. According to the boys in Robbery-Homicide, they're real. She swallowed the diamonds. But if these are the real diamonds... what did Jennie steal? I don't know where you're from,miss, but here in Tijuana we don't take too kindly to somebody trying to pass off fake diamonds. Fake? What are you talking about fake? They can't be. Fake. Glass. Now leave. Get out of here before I call the police. But they can't be fake. You don't understand. I don't have anywhere to go. I don't have any money. Policia? Hay una gringa aqui muy suspiciosa.</i> You okay? Yeah. Thanks for asking. Yeah,I'm fine. A bunch of things I couldn't figure out... I think make sense. How about you? Are you okay? Yeah,actually. I think for the first time in a while...