She fooled us. The leukemia fooled us. For a while it seemed like she was responding to the treatment. Unfortunately, her blood cell count keeps dropping. I don't know if her system can take another round of chemo. I'm so sorry. I'll make it a point to stop back when your parents are here. Thank you. Wow. How long was I out? Just a few minutes. It's weird the way you do that. So sudden. Hmm. Mom and Dad went to grab a bite. Hey. I almost forgot. I... I brought you something. (gasping): No! It's Mr. Snookie! Where in the hell did you find him? Me and Dad tore the garage apart until we found him. Hmm. He looks as old and crappy as I feel. (light cough) Yeah, that German shepherd really did a number on him, huh? It's okay. Sorry. (weakly): I get so tired. It's okay. WOMAN: You girls decent in there? Hell, no. We're Dubois women. Nothing decent about us. Was she out the whole time? 30 seconds ago, she was laughing. The chemo's just completely knocked the crap out of her. Doctor came by. Said it wasn't really helping. Did Marie hear? No. Ariel... Do me a favor. You've got to go outside, call Bridgette. Okay? Tell her we need her. Daddy or I will pick her up at the airport, but she needs to come today. (sobbing) Okay? Tonight. ALLISON: Shh. I'm going to miss her so much. I don't know if I can live without her. Hi. You're there. This is Allison Dubois. I was wondering, is there any way I could possibly bring in my youngest daughter in to see the doctor today? 11:00. Thank you. Bye. (phone beeps off) Hey. Hey. Woke up. Your side of the bed was empty. Cold. How long you been up? I don't know. I think Marie's coming down with something. I was up with her half the night. Is it serious? I hope not. I hope I caught it in time. She seems fine now. I'm just going to keep her home and run her by the doctor. ALL: God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference. SCANLON: I just think it's weird, that's all.</i> The guy calls me first thing this morning to make sure I'm going to be at the meeting, then he doesn't show up. Gary's a recovering addict. We're all recovering addicts. Reliability is not our strong suit. He's going to do what he's going to do. You're his sponsor, not his mother. As long as you're there when he does calls you. Long as you're there when he does show up.</i> The rest is up to him. That's Gary's car. MAN: Good news.</i> There's no strep. No fever. Her inoculations are up to date. The truth is... She looks super. Okay. So I'm... I'm a little unclear. Is this an exam for school? For day care? For camp? Is there something you want me to sign? I need you to talk to me about leukemia. Leukemia? Are we still talking about Marie? Well, ah... Wh-what would you like to know? Has she been tired? She doesn't look tired. I didn't notic any swelling or weight loss. Allison, leukemia's a hell of a rabbit to pull out of your hat. It would help me to know where this comes from. Hi, Jen? Uh, could you come in here for a second and get Marie Dubois? Yeah, keep an eye on her for a minute, so her mom and I can have a conversation. No, no, I... I know. I know how backed up we are. Thank you. Okay, baby, Mommy's gonna come get you in a minute, okay? Okay. Allison, look, I know you know this, but, uh... Leukemia is not something she's going to catch on the playground. You've never mentioned a family history of it. It's never come up in conversation about the other girls. Has something happened? Someone on your husband's side? I just need to know: is this the kind of disease that you can get in front of it? Treat it before it strikes?</i> Allison, what you're saying doesn't make any sense. We don't... we don't treat people for diseases before they have them. Before they have them there is nothing to treat. But with leukemia, with cancer, I mean, in theory... It's already in there waiting to happen, right? I am not an oncologist. But that's kind of a simple way of... What if I had had it? Or my mother had had it? Aren't there things you would be doing? Tests you would be running to keep an eye on it in the children? But you don't have it, and as for your mother... But if we did? Allison. The kind of tests you're talking about are... invasive. Painful. It's not something you'd want done to a child unless it was completely necessary. And they're expensive. You know, insurance won't cover them unless there's some credible diagnostic rationale. You know, forgive my asking this, but does Joe know you're here? Talking to me about this? I didn't want to alarm him till I knew more. Allison, I have to be honest with you, this-this... this is kind of crazy talk. If this were anybody else, if I didn't know you as well as I do, I would be tempted to pick up the phone and call Child Services. All right, so here's what I'm willing to do. Let's draw some blood. Okay? We'll send it to the lab. That is the first place we would see any indication of disease. Thank you, Doctor. SCANLON: Gary, it's Lee.</i> Listen, man, you need to check in with me. I'm worried about you and I'm wondering what you're doing. Call me. Let me know you're all right. (whispering): Are you staying in here all night? Sorry. I lost track of time. I appreciate this, Earl. Like I said, apparently, the roommate's out of town. I'm just concerned about my friend. (knocking) Gary? Anyone? Hello? Allison? It's Dr. Bondi. I've got Marie's tests back, and, uh, I have to tell you that little girl is as healthy as a horse. If there's anything in her blood that's going to compromise her health, modern science can't currently see it, much less treat it. Will she be healthy 15 or 20 years from now? Nobody knows that. But now that I know it's an issue for you,</i> we can test Marie every time she comes in. Hi, I'm home.</i> Allison, any one of our kids could get hit by a car tomorrow,</i> be felled by the flu. It's how we love them while they're here.</i> While we're here. Well, anyway, you get the point.</i> Right now, she's the living definition of healthy</i> and right now is all we can control.</i> Hey... I'm home too. Hey. All the really big bosses are away at a seminar, and I figured there was nothing I was doing at my desk that I can't do at home on my laptop. Hey, we're teaching Marie how to play Monkey in the Middle. She's a very good monkey. You got cake? Is it somebody's birthday? Celebrating just to celebrate. Cool. Mmm... yum. What's the occasion? You know, one day, you're feeling kind of down... the next day the sun's out and things look... (dog growling) Hey, get out of here! Get out! (dog growling) Hey! Hey! Get out! Hey, kids! Get away from that dog! Let him go, Ariel! Ariel! Ariel! Just let the dog have it! Ariel, get inside! Doggy hurt Mr. Snookie. Daddy ran outside and saved you? Ariel saved Mr. Snookie. What were you thinking, Ariel? He could have attacked you. He could have bitten you. But he had Mr. Snookie and... I don't care! You act like that to save one of your sisters, not a teddy bear. Okay? Hey... Are you okay? Honey, why the long face? Everybody's doing just fine. Everybody's fine. JOE: Leukemia? She was 20, maybe 21. But the doctor said she's fine. Yes, today. Yes, now. Okay, then, uh... wait, I don't understand. What is there not to understand? The doctor said she's fine. And for now, she is. He didn't say she would always be fine. There's no way he could possibly know that. But I know that. Just like I saw Ariel give Marie that torn-up teddy bear. No, Allison. Even though it just happened. Just got torn up a few hours ago. Please listen to yourself. That teddy bear has nothing to do with anything. You're not listening! That torn-up teddy bear has everything to do with everything. I saw it last night before it happened, in the same dream that I saw our youngest daughter... dying. Ariel said you and her went into the garage, and you found that torn-up teddy bear, and she wanted to give it to Marie, and that's how I know this is going to happen, you see? No, I don't see. Actually, Allison, you're not making any sense. Oh, really? After all this time, are you saying that you don't believe in me? You don't believe in the things that I see? Or the things th I feel? Of course I'm not saying that. I absolutely believe in you. I'm not questioning what you see. It's your logic that makes no sense. I'll prove it to you. Joe! What are you doing? I'm saving our daughter's life. What are you talking about? (whispers): I'm gonna go, and I'm gonna take that bear, and I'm gonna burn it in the backyard. Don't you see? Look, according to your logic, if there's no bear in the garage 20 years from now, then there's nothing for Ariel to give to Marie when she goes into the hospital, so maybe she's not in the hospital, 'cause maybe she's not sick. (whispers): You're mocking me. No! I am trying to get you to see how irrational and potentially dangerous, destructive your thinking is. Look, Allison, hey. Look, listen, listen, sweetie, look, you may be right about this. She may be fated to die before her time, but what's the point of living for her and for us, if her whole life is spent chasing a tragedy that we're not sure is ever really gonna happen, and which for the time being we can do nothing about! I won't do it! I'll will take that bear from her and I will burn it in the biggest bonfire you have ever seen if it will convince you to forget about what you saw for the time being. Just forget about it until it actually happens, if it actually happens, till there's something that we can do about it. Do you have any idea what you're asking of me?! How hard it would be for me just to pretend that everything's fine?! I don't know if I can! Wait, wait. I'm not asking you to pretend. You're missing the point. I'm not asking you to pretend. Everything is fine. That's how life works. Everything is fine until it isn't, and then you deal with it. Otherwise, there is no life. There's just waiting to die. What the hell is Willow Elm? Huh? Willow Elm, what is that? Some sort of a tree? Why are you looking up trees? No, I wasn't. What are you doing? It's a quarter after 5:00. Come back to bed. I can't sleep. I keep thinking about this kid. Met him at my NA meeting. Asked me to be his sponsor. He OD'd yesterday. I'm sorry. I have to call his folks and tell them. They're back east in Delaware, two hours ahead of us. I want to get them before they go to work. I'm figuring 5:30 here, 7:30 there. I'm dreading it. I'll sit with you. I'll help you through it. Thanks. DOCTOR: I'm afraid all we can really do</i> at this point is make her as comfortable as possible. What about more chemo? I mean, I know it's... it's knocking her on her ass. See, there's a tipping point with the chemo, where the cure is worse than the disease and we've passed that point, I'm afraid. So what do we do? You gather your loved ones, and you say your good-byes. This is our fault, you know? I knew it. I told you we should not have stayed in that house. (sobbing): We should not have stayed in that house. You okay? I'm fine. Actually, I'm good. You're right. None of it means anything until it's clear what you can do to stop it. What? We're moving. I don't understand. What is it exactly about this house that is going to make Marie sick? Is this about mold? Is this about radon? It's not like we're close to any power lines. I don't know. What difference does it make? What you need to know is we need to get our little girl out of here. We need to move. Allison, whoa! Do you understand what you're saying: "move"? It's... it's not that easy. Finding a new house takes time. Selling the house that we have is going to take time. I don't even know what this place is worth. People do it every day. Yeah, people do it every day, Allison, but nobody does it in a day. "Willow Elm." What? Willow Elm's the answer. Now what you're walking through is the "Hacienda" model of Phase 3 here at Willow Elm. We've got 108 acres here, over $400 million in construction... Bunford Properties' biggest project to date. Oh, beautiful kitchen, beautiful everything. Thank you. Obviously, there's all kinds of upgrades and options available. Take a look around. Any of my salespeople will be happy to answer any question you might have. And please, feel free to call me or e-mail me directly. It's perfect. You don't really know that. I mean, you can't possibly know that. You just spent 20 minutes in a model home. That hardly constitutes a thorough evaluation. It's Willow Elm. It's perfect. It's where we're supposed to be. Allison... What? we don't even know if we can afford it. It's a house. It's not an impulse buy. It's our child! I know, I know, but we have everything we have worked for tied up in that house. Now, wouldn't the logical thing... figure out if No, the logical thing? The logical thing is this second. figure out if The instant you find out your child is in peril before we uproot the kids! you do whatever you have to save them as quickly as you can and you screw the money! It makes no sense! I don't understand! I don't understand how you could treat all of this as if it isn't real. We're talking about our child's life! No, don't do that! Don't do what?! Don't act like I am sending our child off to a certain death just because I want to stop and take a breath and see if any of this makes sense! Make sense! Don't do that, either, 'cause I am here! I took the morningoff work I am in this with you! Someone has to ask these questions! Well, you do that, Joe. You ask those questions. So I have a question. Who's going to call the Realtor? I don't understand. What's the mystery? Kid was a drug addict. He died of an overdose. I know that. Just the same, I need you to perform another autopsy. Just because somebody wona free one during the silent auction at this year's Police Fundraiser? I knew this kid. I called his folks after we found him. They made me promise. The overdose thing-- it just doesn't add up for them. Wow, parents don't believe their baby's a junkie. There's one I haven't heard before. No, they knew their kid had a history, but he's also a medical student, very careful, very fastidious. They just don't believe he wouldn't know what he was taking and how much to take. I see, so the city of Phoenix is going to pay for an autopsy to test the quality of a young, dead addict's medical education. Please? If we're getting a new house, who's gonna live here? Excellent question. Oh, I spoke with a Realtor. She's gonna stop by tomorrow and take a look, give us an appraisal. Uh-huh. So if me and Marie are getting our own rooms, then maybe we should leave the bunk beds here for whoever moves in, right? I mean, they're gonna have kids, too, right? I don't think I can do it. I don't think I can sell a poisoned house. Look, truth be told, I don't want to move. I don't want to sell this house. I mean, I will if I have to, but just to play devil's advocate, we don't know for sure that it's poisoned. I mean, maybe it's not poisoned yet. Maybe that's something that happens in the future. Are you kidding? You really think that takes us off the hook? Well, I don't know, Allison. First you tell me we got to move because our daughter's going to get sick and die, and then you tell me that you don't want to move because you can't bear the thought of somebody else getting sick and dying. Just tell me which side you want me to take in this argument 'cause I can't seem to find one thatorks. We cannot afford to move unless and until we sell this house. Do you understand that? We can't, in good conscience, sell this house not to a family with small children, not to anyone. God, I hate this! I'm sorry. I don't share your sense of unlimited responsibility for absolutely everything from now until the end of time. What are you talking about? When we bought this house it was, to the best of our knowledge and to the knowledge of the people who sold it to us, clean. It may very well be that it is still clean. As a homeowner, I got a responsibility to make sure that the house stays clean, to test it from time to time to make repairs, adjustments... Okay, where are you going with this? We'll get the house tested. We'll call someone in. We'll have them test the house for everything. We'll do everything we can to make sure the house is safe to sell. I think that's all that anyone can expect. I don't know. Or we stay. And we never speak another word about it. I don't understand. I heard he died of a drug overdose.</i> Really? Is that what you heard, huh? I'm just telling you. There it is, Detective. Thanks, I'll try and bring it back with a full tank of gas. I have been waiting for days, Doctor! Mrs. Dubois, as my staff has repeatedly explained to you, hospital hours are for surgeries and follow-ups. Office hours are for meetings and consults. Now, as soon as I have some office hours free, my staff will call you to set up a meeting. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm on my way to surgery. I'm sorry. My daughter is dead, and you killed her! Would you say that is more of a follow-up or would that be an office visit? Mrs. Dubois, you are violating the restraining order. Fine. Call the police. I don't want to call the police. Honestly, all of this is unnecessary. I told you how sorry I am. I-I explained that we did everything that we could. Well, see, I don't see it that way! You were there from the beginning. You knew what was happening! How many more people are going to die because of you?! Mrs. Dubois, this has to stop. If you'd like to contact me, I'm going to insist you do so through my attorney. Someone looks unhappy. Mm, let's review. As of today, our youngest daughter has been given an absolutely clean bill of health; our house has also been given a clean bill of health; our real estate broker just this evening has assured us that we can almost certainly get enough for our present home to begin 30 years of new debt on the one in Willow Elm. Have I skipped anything? Left any bad news out? What if I'm wrong about everything? Wow, a moment of self-doubt. That's new. That's different. I kind of like it. You're joking. I'm serious. What if I make us go through all of this moving, making new friends, shaking everything up when I was already just fine, and it's all for nothing? Then we'll just have to tough it out. You know, bigger bathrooms, nicer bedrooms, modern kitchen. And if at some point I can free our daughters from the torture that is the community pool, perhaps we'll find a way forgive you. Hmm. SCANLON: New house? That's exciting.</i> Yeah, I got to drop off all the signed paperwork at the sales office in an hour. I mean, we still have to sell our old place. We still have to get our loan. Or we could still fall through. No, I can see how busy you are. I appreciate you doing this. I'm happy to see whoever you like, just don't be surprised if I come up empty. Now, who's this again? Gary's roommate. He's finally back in town. I asked him to come down see if he could shed some light. Nice kid. Pretty upset. Apparently, they were very close. This is the woman from the District Attorney's office I told you about. She's helping me with the case. Allison Dubois, David Channing. Hi. Doctor... Are you okay? I'm sorry. You just bear an uncanny resemblance to a doctor I know, an oncologist. Of course, he's a bit older than you. He could almost be your father. He's not my father. My father's a postman. Now, look, David is a medical student. Yeah, although I don't think oncology's in my future. I don't think I'd enjoy knowing that everyone who came to see me most likely already had a fatal disease, you know? But you never know. Yeah, you never know. I really have to get these across town. Of course. I just wanted you guys to meet. Uh, give me a second to walk her out. Nice meeting you. Talk to me. What'd you see? It's nothing. Nothing that applies to this case. What are you talking about? You saw him, you turned white as a ghost. It's nothing. It's personal. A really weird coincidence. I really got to go. All right, I appreciate it. Sorry it was all for naught. Are you aware that Gary had a history with narcotics?</i> Yeah, we were friends. I mean, we lived together. We went to med school together. Of course, I knew. I mean, it wasn't something he bragged about. Although, I think he took a lot of pride in the fact he was able to put it behind him. At least he said that he had. I thought that he had. Gary mentioned you guys met working in a lab last summer. Yeah. Lab tech work; like, petri dish cultures, things like that. Do any work with lab rats? Sure, we did everything with lab rats. You personally? Yeah, that's what they paid us to do. You know, a big client comes in with a... chemical, something they want to put in a food dye or something, and they want to see if it's safe, so you-you inject the rats with it and then you wait... and see if they die. Of course, if they're lucky enough to live, we dissect them anyway; make sure they didn't have anything wrong with them on the inside. It was... it was a fun summer. Do you remember what chemical you were testing? I remember that it didn't kill the rats. Now what's all this about anyway? We found a jar with three dead rats in it in the back of Gary's car. Wow. That's weird. That doesn't sound like Gary, not that I know what he's like. I understand. I just figured they must have come from the lab you guys worked at. I don't know. I kind of doubt that. These are industrial clients, big companies. They need to be sure their product's safe; all the rats tagged and numbered. We have to document everything we do to each and every one of them. I mean, it wasn't like you could bring them home as pets or... I just figured it out. You're the guy that Gary was always talking about. The, uh, the cop that was his sponsor. He liked you. He trusted you. I think he would have wanted you to know that. Hi. Mr. Dubois, nice to see you again. Well, my husband and I talked about it. We decided we'd like to move forward. So I want to bring the application and our thousand- dollar deposit. Fantastic. Sit down. We put our house up on the market, and my husband's sitting down with the mortgage broker tonight. Again, I want to emphasize that for us, speed is of the essence. We need to move as quickly as possible. All right, then. It sounds serious. Let me dig out our construction progress list, see which houses are closest to completion, take you on a little tour. The Sheldons are closing on a three-bedroom. My husband and I just bought a two-bedroom unit ourselves. And do you have kids? Because this is a terrific school district here. Mrs. Dubois are you all right? Can I get you something? Maybe a glass of water. Yeah? I don't know if you're aware of it, but you got about 55 "While you were out" slips taped to your cubicle wall. I think you ought to call your husband. Yeah, I will. I just needed to be alone for a little bit. So now wouldn't be a good time to ask you a question? Well, I probably just made the biggest mistake of my life; put my husband and my kids through hell, at the very least lost a thousand-dollar deposit. Go ahead. Shoot. You ever heard of chlorahydrofromaid? Why? You want to borrow some? Turns out Gary worked as a lab tech last summer. He and David Channing were involved in a toxicity study of this chlorahydrofromaid. Okay. Apparently, it's some kind of industrial byproduct. Anyway, a small legion of rats gave their lives to demonstrate that the stuff's harmless. Here's the weird part. The company that commissioned the lab test is some outfit called, uh... "Bunford Properties." Bunford Properties-- your developer. Apparently, they found trace amounts of this chlorahydrofromaid in the wells they dug to supply water to the place. Oh, my God. Not to worry, 'cause like I said, according to the tests that Gary and his friend David Channing conducted, the stuff's completely harmless. Of course, nobody asked the three dead rats I found in Gary's car. They might feel differently. Of course. It was never our old house that was going to make Marie sick. It's Willow Elm. Willow Elm is the answer. I was just asking the wrong question. Mr. Bunford? Yes? Mr. Bunford, my name is Manuel Devalos. I'm the District Attorney for the city of Phoenix. This is Detective Lee Scanlon with Phoenix PD. Do you mind if we ask you a couple of questions? About? Chlorahydrofromaid. Well, what about it? It's old news. Apparently some small quantities had seeped into the aquifer-- the water supply. We did some testing. The quantities and the chemical itself, for that matter, pose no threat to anyone. Is there anything else I can help you with? Good Lord, what is that? Rats. Yeah, I can see that. Rats that, according to the city medical examiner, suffered from abnormally low white blood cell counts. Their platelets and red blood cells were destroyed. They died of leukemia, leukemia brought on by exposure to massive doses of chlorahydrofromaid. Says you. Thanks for stopping by, gentlemen. If you have any further questions, feel free to call my attorney. Does the name Gary Albright ring a bell? What part of "I'm not answering your questions" did you not hear? Mr. Albright was found dead in his apartment. We're investigating it as a possible homicide. ok. He was one of the technicians that performed the tests you ordered That jar was found among his personal effects. Gentlemen... We suspect that these rats died as a part of the test that your company ordered on its water supply. We think that when Mr. Albright and his lab partner David Channg came to you and told you that chlorahydrofromaid tested as a carcinogen, you prevailed on them to go back and run the tests again. We're guessing you paid them to get the results you wanted, the results you needed to get permission to build here. Honestly, I've never met this Gary. I wouldn't know him if I fell over him. Yeah. Well, we think Gary had a change of heart. We think he decided he couldn't live with what he'd done. He decided to come forward with proof of the cover-up he perpetrated. Hey, folks, I'm just finishing up a tour with these gentlemen. If you'll step inside the model home, I'll be with you in a minute. So what are you saying? I killed this fellow? Gentlemen, if you have a problem with the veracity of the lab's findings, then you need to investigate the lab. I'm just a guy who builds and sells houses. And really, that's what I need to do. Thanks, man. I'll see you next week. Yeah, same time, same place? Yeah. Hey, Channing, what you doing? We need to talk. Sure, sure. I'm, I'm happy to talk. I don't know what there really is to talk about. Take it easy. I'm not here as a cop. Just think of me as a concerned friend. You okay? Yeah, I am. I'm fine. 'Cause, uh, when you came to see me the other day, I though you looked kind of anxious. Then, now you actually look kind of sick, you know? You sick, Channing? No. Maybe you need to get high. What are you talking about? I don't think it was the job that brought you and Gary together last summer. I think it might have been something else. No? You feel good? Great. Let's go down to headquarters and talk for a couple hours. Whoa, Detective, wait. What are you doing?! What are you doing? What are you doing? Assaulting a peace officer, Channing? I barely touched you! You're jonesing harder than I thought. You, you said... you were here as a friend. I am... a friend of Gary's. Okay, okay. You're right. You're right. I have a problem. I do, but I need, I need help, Detective, you know? I need real help. I want to get clean, you know? I want to kick it... and I want to help you try... try to figure out whatever really happened to Gary, I swear. You just... just unlock these cuffs. Let me have just a little taste to make me right, and then we can... you know, I can get right, and then we can talk. That's good, Channing. You sound really sincere. Let me just, uh... No, I can't seem to find that key. No, I guess I'll have to call over to headquarters and get them to send over another one. Looks like we could be here for a while. You can't do that. That... it's kidnapping. How long can you hold out, do you know? I bet it's not as long as you think. Look at you. You're a mess. Well... if I tell you what you want to hear then...? You'll find that I can be a very understanding man. Compassionate, even. After all, I've been there myself. So why'd you kill him? Hmm? 'Cause he was calling me? 'Cause he was starting to realize that taking the money from Bunford wasn't going to make up for all the innocent people that were going to get sick and die? All the children... Take your time. I'm in no hurry. Girls, breakfast! All right, listen to this. "Convicted developer Albert Bunford faces a total of 245 years of prison time." Whoo! True confessions? I love this house, but I was actually starting to get a little excited about moving. Oh, really? Yeah, something about a bathroom with two sinks, a community pool... Maybe in our next life, huh? "Our next life." I like that. You get an extra piece of French toast. Yum! Girls! It looks like a Frankenstein bear. No, it doesn't. I got some needle and thread and stitched Mr. Snookie. JOE: Look at that excellent job, Ariel. He looks good as new. He does.