It's all we had in the cupboard. A night this cold, I'll take whatever I can get. Colleen's upstairs when you're ready. Colleen? Colleen, it's me. It's all right! Colleen, it's only me. I'm here to pray with you. F-Father? Oh, Father, I'm so sorry. I-I didn't realize... It's all right, my child. No, no, no, no, it isn't all right. You're His emissary, and I-I tried to hurt you. I-I need to make it up to you. I need to make it up to Him. I can hurt myself! Please don't, Colleen. He doesn't want that, and neither do I. Michael, Michael buys them for me. Mother doesn't know. She doesn't like me to have candy, because she thinks the sugar excites me, but Michael knows they make me happy. He let's me have two a day. He counts them every day to make sure that's all I have, but I've only had one today, Father, and I want you to have the other. Hail Mary full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for our sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen. Hail Mary, full of grace... www.1000fr.com present Capture:FRM@FADEOUT sync:FRM@FRM@¹Ûº£ÎÀ</font> Hey. Hey Beds don't float, do they? Excuse me? (sighs) I mean, in your experience, as a rule, beds don't float in midair, right? Well, gosh, I would hope that in the 14 or so years that we've been together, that once or twice between the two of us, our bed might have left the ground, but why do you ask? It's nothing. It's crazy. It's... it's stupid. What are you doing? I'm working on my résumé? Something you want to tell me? Mm, yeah. No. You're gonna think this is nuts, but I had a dream. Must be going around. You want to share? Mm... This thing going on at work. In the dream? Uh, no, in real life. Um, I can't really talk about it, but it's a tremendous opportunity. And in the dream, I go to my boss and I say, "Mr. Canty, I want this opportunity. I want to run this project." You know what he says to me? He says to me, "Well, Joe,"I've just been waiting for you to ask. If you want something you got to stop dragging your feet." Wow, sounds like a good dream. Hey. The only man I know who starts work earlier than I do. Yeah, well, ever since they changed the rules, let people die 24 hours a day. Guess that's why they call it the "graveyard shift." Ooh, graveyard shift. Very nice. (chuckles) So to what do I owe this pleasure? Got the call from the coroner about 2:00 in the morning. Saw your picture in his wallet. Apparently, he was having dinner at the home of some friends last night, went up to their study to make a private call, slipped and fell on the stairs, cracked his skull. He had already expired by the time the paramedics got there. Are you, are you sure it's him? There's no question. How long did you guys know each other? Armando and I met the first minute of the first day of the first grade. You know what? I'm, I'm just going to, uh... Sorry. ALLISON: Did you give the kids breakfast? I certainly did. Did you eat? I certainly did not. Nervous? (sing-songy): You're gonna get it. You know, the Mars thing? You're gonna get it. Your boss is going to give it to ya. Who said anything about Mars? Okay, forget Mars. Mars, Venus, Jupiter-- whatever it is-- you're gonna get it, that's all. Allison Dubois has spoken? Mm-hmm. I'll be sure and tell my boss. Yeah? Sorry, sir, I know you asked not to be disturbed. I just... thought you might need this for jury selection. I know you're preparing. You don't have to worry. There's no preparation going on in here. I can't hold a thought in my head. You can just leave 'em. Thanks. Is everything all right? Ah... I lost an old friend last night. I'm so sorry. It's okay. He lived a good life. Helped a lot of people. Tripped and fell down a flight of stairs, cracked his skull. When we were kids, I once saw him walk on his hands across a movie theater balcony railing just to impress a girl that was sitting down below. Nobody does irony like God. Armando Aguilar... Uh, Father Armando Aguilar. Oh, my God. No, I know. Trust me. (chuckles) When we were growing up, you would have never seen it coming, not in a million years. Safe-cracker, maybe. Gigolo, well, he certainly had the skill set, but Catholic priest? We're back to God and irony. Happened yesterday evening at the Fitzpatrick estate. Fitzpatrick? Like the Fitzpatrick plaza? Yeah. Members of our parish. They must be devastated. Oh. They've had a tough time. Their only child, a grown daughter took ill last year, moved back in with them. And now this. I'm so sorry. So if anybody asks, I'm in here working away. Absolutely, sir, working away. Joe. Do you have a minute? Sure. The Mars project. Joe, there is no Mars project. (chuckles) Of course there isn't. Uh, but if there were and if we were contemplating being involved in the engineering of the on-board systems, I would really like to throw my hat in the ring to be considered the project leader. You know how this stuff works, Joe. We don't call the tune on these sorts of projects... if there actually are these sorts of projects. My Uncle Sam does. Well, let your uncle know that I'm interested. So let me get this straight. You're happy because you have a real shot at a job that doesn't exist on a project that your firm isn't doing. I'm sorry. I have no comment. You will never get it out of me. You are a cagey one, Mr. Dubois. Very hard to read, highly inscrutable. Oh, I beg to differ. You could scrute me with a little effort. Scruting is a definite possibility. Maybe I should have said something. And the point of telling your boss that you just saw his newly-dead friend in a scene out of the Exorcist</i> would have been...? Okay, obviously, it wasn't a literal dream. Obviously, that young woman's bed didn't really float. I must have that dream for some reason, don't you think? Hello? Sorry, honey, I just got an e-mail from Marcus. "Dear Joe, I've just been informed "that a government polygraph examiner will make himself "available at our offices tomorrow afternoon "to administer a test to you "as part of your pre-qualification "for certain programs our company may participate in "on the government's behalf in the near future. "If for some reason tomorrow afternoon"does not work for you, please let me know so that I..." Is everything all right? Yes, actually, I think everything is very right. Mars... Stop that. Help me. Give me strength. What are you doing? I'm looking for something. It's 4:30 in the morning. Hey, this is the girl I saw, the one with the floating bed. Colleen Fitzpatrick. She's the one the priest was praying with the night that he died. This is a picture from her wedding in 2003 before she took ill. Pretty girl. I wonder if she can do that thing where she makes her head spin all the way around? What? You told me last night you thought that this girl might believe she had a demon inside her? It seems like a perfectly legitimate question to me. There are no such thing as demons. Said the psychic who talks to ghosts. Are there things that exist, lie beyond this world? Yes, absolutely. Demons aren't one of them. Okay, fine, demons don't exist. This girl does. What's the big deal? Well, the police are calling the priest's death an accident. It didn't look that way to me. It looked to me like Colleen Fitzpatrick might have killed him. Fitzpatrick? The department store Fitzpatricks? They're members of Devalos' parish. The same one the dead priest worked at? Mm. Oh, I wouldn't want to be them at the next church picnic. Sir? I know you're on your way into court, but I was afraid if I didn't speak with you... You holding up okay? I didn't sleep much last night, but I guess that's to be expected. I tried putting the time to good use. I started working on a eulogy for Father Armando. Actually, he's the reason I wanted to speak with you. Oh? I'm not certain that your friend's fall was an accident. I'm guessing that I'm not the only one who didn't sleep well last night. You said the Fitzpatrick's daughter wasn't well? Colleen. She had some sort of breakdown last year. I don't know the specifics, but I seem to recall that it was serious enough for her husband to consider institutionalizing her. But Colleen's mother wouldn't hear of it. They moved in with her, and she's been caring for her ever since. What does this have to do with... Do you know if she's prone to violence? Colleen's mother, Helen, showed up for Mass a few months ago with her arm in a sling. No one actually said it, but the sense I got is that it had to do with... caring for her daughter. Are you implying... I think that he was struck in the head before he fell down those stairs. He was hit with something, I don't know what it was. Something heavy. He was your friend. I just... I think you need to ask some more questions. Is your name Joseph Pritchard Dubois? Yes, it is. Are you an employee of Aerodytech? Yes, I am. Have you ever discussed confidential work matters with anyone outside the company? No, I have not. Are you married? Yes, 13 years. Just a yes or no, please. Right. Sorry. Do you ever work on company projects while at home? Sometimes-- yes. Is there any way anyone at home could gain unauthorized access to company information? No. Let's take that one again. (softly): Oh. Manuel. Helen. I hope you'll forgive the mess, but we had a small army of policemen pass through her the night of Father Armando's accident. MAN: Helen, have you seen Colleen's new prescription? I thought I saw it in the upstairs bathroom last night, but now I can't seem... Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you had company. Oh. Michael, you remember our old family friend, District Attorney Manuel Devalos. Right. Of course, from the wedding. Good to see you again, Michael. Anyway, I'll keep looking for those pills upstairs. Actually, Michael, if you have a moment. I'm here on business, business that involves you and Helen. Just a few follow-up questions regarding the statements you gave the police the other night. Would now be a good time? Well, it was a little after 9:00, and we had just finished our meal, when Father Armando told me that he had to make a private call. And so I told him he was welcome to use the study upstairs. And, uh, I was fixing a cup of tea, and Michael was in the cellar replacing a bottle of wine that we hadn't opened. And there was this terrible crash from the foyer, and I raced in from the kitchen. (softly): And... he was at the bottom of the stairs. Alone? Alone? There was no third party in the room? No one other than you and Armando? That's correct. May I ask where Colleen was when this was happening? She was in her room, sleeping. The commotion didn't wake her? She'd had a very challenging day. We'd given her a little something to help her sleep. Is something wrong, Manuel? I've just come from the Medical Examiner's office. I asked them to take a second look at Armando's injuries. They now feel that he may have sustained a blow to the head before he fell down your stairs.</i> I don't understand. How can they say one thing one day and then something completely different the next? They also found a partial fingerprint in a spot of blood on the good Father's forehead. I'm sure you'll both recall that Colleen was arrested for erratic driving shortly after she took ill 13 months ago. We ran the fingerprints we had on file for her against the one we found on Armando, and I'm sorry to say it was a perfect match. ALLISON: Absolutely.</i> I'll see you tomorrow. Devalos? (sighs) Colleen Fitzpatrick did kill Father Armando. They found the murder weapon at the top of the stairs on a table-- it was a wooden bookend. Ouch. Her mother and her husband found her standing over the body. They knew about it the whole time. So what happens now? Everyone goes to jail? No. Devalos feels like the family's suffered enough. He's not going to charge them with obstruction. And if the girl's found incompetent, she won't even stand trial. Her psych evaluation is tomorrow. I hope I did the right thing. What are you talking about? I don't know, maybe it's my imagination, it just... sounded like Devalos was sadder now that he knows the truth. I think he preferred it when he thought his friend's death was a simple accident. (sighs) This is one of those moments I'm not sure that my gift is such a gift. I know what you mean. Can I ask you something? Are you sure I'm going to get this thing? What thing? What are you talking about? The promotion? Yeah, I'm sure. At least I think I'm sure. Why? It's just that everything was going fine this morning. I was doing great, and then, the polygraph guy starts asking me questions about home and if there was any way that anyone here could find out things that they shouldn't know, and then I remembered what happened the other morning. What happened the other morning? You remember-- what you said when you were getting out of the shower? What did I say? I'm not going to say; I'm not going to remind you. That would just defeat the whole point. What point? I don't know what you're talking about? You talking about that joke I made about you going to Mars? Shh. What "shh"? Who could hear us? Wait a second. Are you really going to Mars? I don't know. Based on the way today went, probably not. Is that what this is all about? That I guessed right? Guess? You're telling me that was a guess? No, it's worse than that. It wasn't even a guess. It was a joke. A joke? You're kidding. A joke? HELEN: What was that noise?</i> (in distance): Is everyone okay?! Oh, my God. Oh, my God, Colleen, what have you done? Answer me, Colleen. What have you done? Oh, my God. Father, you're going to be okay. We're going to get you some help. Michael! Where are you? We need to call 911. WOMAN: Please, Colleen, I know it's hard, but I need you to sit and concentrate. No. N-N-N-N-No. No. I need you to tell us what was going through your mind when you hurt Father Armando. I didn't hurt Father Armando. You did, Colleen. You hurt him very badly, and you know that. No, you're wrong. I didn't do anything. Are you trying to tell us that somebody else hurt him? The demon inside you? It's okay, Colleen, you can tell us. We're your friends. I can see your words, you know. I can see them. How dark they are, how twisted. Like a long, black ribbon. Please, Colleen, don't. I know you now. I know who you are. The great whore. The great whore that sitteth Colleen, sweetie, you need upon many waters to calm down right now, okay? with whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication. I know you, whore! I can see your words. I can see them all, whore, I can see them. WOMAN: Colleen has been getting worse</i> the last few weeks, more delusional more violent during our sessions. You've been treating her for how long now? 13 months. Then she wasn't under your care prior to her breakdown? It's my understanding, Mr. Devalos, that prior to her breakdown, Colleen was a perfectly happy and healthy woman with no need whatsoever for somebody in my line of work. I'm sorry to say I never had the pleasure of meeting that Colleen. It sounds like she changed pretty suddenly. About a year and a half ago, Michael came home from work and, apparently, she was hysterical, terrified. She had called the police thinking that she had seen something monstrous in her house, some sort of creature. Demonic creature? There's always been a religious theme to Colleen's hallucinations-- demons, possession. I tend to attribute it to the fact that she was such a devout woman before she took ill. But you were the one who diagnosed her, correct? Undifferentiated schizophrenia. Yes, that's true, but to be perfectly honest, it's a bit of a catchall as far as diagnoses go. I'm sorry. I don't follow. It's used when the patient's symptoms very clearly point to schizophrenia, but are so clouded that classifying the type of disorder is very difficult. If I may ask you, Dr. Randall, what's so cloudy about Colleen's symptoms? She's prone to delusional episodes but has long stretches of lucidity in between. True schizophrenia doesn't work that way. It's far more consistent. I've also given her any number of neuroleptics-- drugs that should treat the symptoms of schizophrenia-- but none of them seem to have any effect on her. I'm sure there's some sort of explanation for this, but I haven't been able to find it Hey. Hey. You know that project that we're not doing to do? The one I can't speak to you about? You should just forget about it. Whoa. Wait a second, Marcus. Your wife. She's some type of consultant, right? Has something to do with the government? She works part time for the District Attorney's office. Why? I don't know, but she's a red flag for them, a big red flag. The polygraph examiner picked up some deception when you were asked about her. And now, they've considered her to be, uh, some sort of security risk. That is absurd. Doesn't matter. There isn't... such a project. It's not like you had something that you lost. It was never here for you to have. Wait, what? Marcus? This is not the end of the conversation. Surely, there must be some kind of a work-around. A work-around for a government security clearance? I don't think so. Well, think harder, Marcus. You know what an asset I would be to this. L-Let me take, let me take the test again. This is not like something that you can cram for, Joe. You're either telling the truth or you're not. Of course I'm telling the truth. Well, I know one expert who disagrees. I've worked for this company for 15 years. I've never put them at risk. This is not the company talking. All right, fine, but there must be a call that you can make. Isn't there a string that you can pull? Please. ALLISON: It's 'cause of me, isn't it?</i> They can sense that you can sense that I might be able to... rifle through your thoughts if I wanted to? Hmm... I don't know. They sense something. Funny thing is... I don't know what this project is. I know it has something to do with Mars. Beyond that... I know it has something to do with space. I know what space means to you. I remember the night we met. You picked me up at that bar, you brought me back to your place, showed me your... telescope. You showed me your books on the cosmos. You showed me your lunch box from the third grade with rockets and planets. And you thought, "What a nerd." And I thought... "I think I have to sleep with this man. I think I might have to marry this man." And now it's me standing between you and your other love. I love you. And I love you. HELEN: Michael, is that you?</i> Hey, sorry I missed dinner. I got pulled into a late meeting. Don't give it a second thought, dear. I made you a plate and put it in the fridge. Oh, thanks. Was that Father Armando's car I saw in the driveway? (phone ringing) Yes, he's upstairs visiting Colleen. Don't you need to get that? Work. They can call me on the landline if they really need me. FATHER ARMANDO: ...pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen. Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen. Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, mother of God, pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen. Hail Mary, full of grace... Dr. Elizabeth Randall, please. Thank you. Hey. Sorry I couldn't answer. Mother Fitzpatrick was standing right in front of me. Yeah, she's got the priest here again. Guess she still thinks the power of prayer is going to make a difference. Honestly, darling? I don't know what it's going to take to get Helen to put Colleen in a home. Yeah, well... I miss you, too. If Helen turns in early, maybe I'll try to swing by your place later. FATHER ARMANDO: Oh, dear God, no! Something's up. I'm gonna have to call you back. Give me strength. What is it, Father? Her bed. It's floating. Do you see it? Michael, do you see it?! Having an affair with your wife's physician is not against the law. I mean, it's not nice, but it's not against the law. At least I don't think it is. How's this? Does this look honest? Yes, you look honest, you look thoroughly honest. 'Cause you are honest. So be honest and tell me what do I do about this bed thing? Do I tell Devalos? Tell Devalos what? That in your dream his friend was having delusions about free-floating furniture? I mean, if you tell him that, he's gonna send you home for the day. (sighs) I, uh... I think it's over. You know who died, and you know how it happened. You know everything. Okay, then why do I keep dreaming about all of it? (sighs) That I don't know. Okay. Look, I know you have other things on your mind. I know you think this horse is already dead and you can't figure out why I keep beating it. No. Well, yeah. I'm sorry, I'm nervous about today. I'm just starting to think that I should have forgotten about the whole thing. You know,it's not a test test, it's a lie detector test, and I failed, and I don't know what made me think that I would pass it if I got a second shot at it. Okay. Well, if you know that... What can you do? You in there and... tell the truth. I mean, really, what else can you do? You go in there and you tell them the truth. And after that, it's out of your hands. What? It's not like I didn't tell the truth the first time. Fine. If you say so. ADMINISTRATOR: Is your name Joseph Pritchard Dubois?</i> Yes. Have you ever discussed confidential work matters with anyone outside the company? No, I have not. Is there any way anyone at home could gain unauthorized access to company information? Is there any way anyone at home could gain unauthorized access to company information? Yes. Yeah, I suppose there is. I'm sorry, did you just answer in the affirmative? Yes. Yes, I did. You're saying that there is a way that someone could gain unauthorized access to company information, but you don't discuss confidential matters outside the office? That's correct. Is this person in question your wife? Yes. Yes, it is. Is she a computer hacker? No. Do you talk in your sleep? No. Can she read your mind? Yes. As a matter of fact, she can. She can read your mind? That's correct. She can pluck thoughts from your head? Your wife possesses psychic abilities. Yes. So, Mr. Dubois, you're telling me that your wife finishes your sentences and, um, can often tell when you're lying, that sort of thing? That's correct. Well, what do you know? My wife is psychic, too. Thank you very much. We're done here. Did I pass? Well, why don't you call your wife and ask her? Talk to me. JOE: You were right. So I take it the truth set you free. It certainly felt a lot better the second time around. So now I guess we just hold our breath. What for? You got it. I'm sure of it. Hmm. From your lips to Uncle Sam's ear. You sound like you're in the car. I'm playing messenger girl. Devalos had some papers that he needed Dr. Randall to sign at the institute. I offered to run them over there. Out of the goodness of your heart? Oh, out of the badness of my... what, I don't know, dirty mind? I just want to look her in the eye. It seems like a dangerous conflict of interest to me. I mean, she's sleeping with that poor woman's husband. Well, just remember, it may mean nothing at all. (sighing): Yeah. Well, I hope so. Mrs. Dubois, right? Oh, y-yes. Hello again, Mr. Barlow. I was just dropping these papers off for Dr. Randall. The nurse at the front desk told me I could find her here. Oh, she had to take a call. She said she'd be right back. You're welcome to wait if you'd like. ALLISON: How's she doing adjusting to her new surroundings? Uh, it's hard to say. Dr. Randall prescribed some new sedatives. She's been sleeping a lot. Sorry, again, about yesterday. I'm sure that wasn't an easy thing to watch. You know what they say-- everything happens for a reason. As it goes, I think it's exactly what the district attorney needed to see. Made it easy for him to recommend that she be kept here, as opposed to awaiting trial in prison. You're right-- everything happens for a reason. NURSE: Mr. Barlow? I'm afraid I'm going to have to take these. Take them? We have a very strict policy here regarding outside food. I'm sorry. Yeah, but they're not food. I mean, not technically. They're candies. My wife has one or two every day. She really looks forward to them. I'm sorry, there can be no exceptions. No, wait a second. You're not listening to me. My wife needs those. They're a great comfort to her. I only had one today, Father. I want you to have the other. RANDALL: Is there a problem here? NURSE: I was just explaining to Mr. Barlow that we don't allow outside food under any circumstances. And I was just explaining to her that it's very important that my wife have a piece of candy to look forward to every day. I think we can make an exception just this once, don't you? But, Dr. Randall... They're nothing, nurse. Just little balls of sugar. I don't see how they could do any harm. You're the doctor, Doctor. NURSE: Excuse me. What if I told you I have reason to believe that Colleen Fitzpatrick isn't sick at all? I'm sorry-- you think she's faking? Let's just say I don't believe that she's crazy, and I don't believe she's possessed. But I need your help to prove it. Manny. Test results just came back. And? Allison was right. You want us to go scoop these monsters up? Yeah. I do. No, Stanley, you're not listening.</i> As of today, every account is supposed to have my name on it. Yes, even Colleen's trust. Well, that's what power of attorney means. Stanley, I'm going to have to call you back. Michael Barlow? Yes. You're under arrest for the murder of Father Armando Aguilar. You have the right to remain silent. What? Anything you say can and will be used against you No, this is wrong. in a court of law. My wife is the one who killed Father Armando. ...if you can't afford an attorney, That was Colleen. one will be provided for you. This is crazy. Crazy, huh? It's a good thing I picked up a psychiatrist on the way over here. Her name's Elizabeth Randall. I think you two have met. HELEN: Lysergic acid?</i> LSD. We found significant amounts of it in Father Armando's system after we exhumed him. We're still running Colleen's blood work, but I'm confident we'll find it in hers as well. I don't understand, Manuel. Are you telling me she isn't sick? It's our belief that every last one of the symptoms she's experienced over the past 13 months-- the hallucinations, the paranoia, the violent outbursts-- were all drug-induced. The stretches of lucidity between, the days that she would act and sound like the old Colleen, those were just recovery periods between dosings. But I've hardly ever left Colleen's side this past year. I never saw Michael give her a single pill, a single injection. It was the candies. He covered each one with a liquid form of the drug. And by making them her daily treat, he could count on her self-medicating. The only thing he didn't count on was Colleen offering Father Armando a candy during his last visit. We believe that Michael killed the good Father because he knew that once the effects of the LSD wore off, Armando would start asking questions, probably realize that Colleen was being dosed. But all those doctors I took her to, all those specialists, why didn't they ever detect the drug in her system? LSD doesn't show up in most blood screenings. You have to know that you're looking for it. You have to run a very specific test. And the fact that Michael's partner in crime, Dr. Randall, was Colleen's primary physician didn't help matters any. She could always run interference for Michael, throw any other doctors off the scent. And all this... cruelty just to get around a prenuptial agreement? If Colleen had died or divorced Michael, he would've ended up with nothing. If she were to lose her mind, however, be declared incompetent, he could stay married to her and still have access to your family's fortune. It's gonna be okay, Helen. It's gonna be fine. Colleen's working the drug out of her system for the very last time, and it's my understanding that once she does, she's going to make a full recovery. You're going to get your daughter back. So let me get this straight. The reason we get to stay up an extra half hour and eat cake is because Daddy got put in charge of some really cool project. That is correct. Only you can't tell us about this really cool project because it's top secret. That is also correct. Can we at least have a hint? ALLISON: Okay, on that note, come on, you little security risks. It's time to hit the hay. Joe, you got Bridge? Yes. Come on, kiddo. Time for bed. But I don't want to go to bed. I like staying up late. Really? You got a funny way of showing it. Congratulations again, Daddy. If you can't get