what the girl of your dreams looks like. She is blonde, athletic, and very flexible. Really? I don't usually attract to the athletic type. Well, I don't know what to tell you. I am just a conduit This is the universe talking. And the universe has just told me that you are going to meet a girl. Oh, tough luck there, sport your ten minutes are up, why don't you go see if you can borrow your mom's credit card and give me a call back, ok? Sure thing, Michael. - I'm on my break. -  What are you talking about, a break? You are not working at the mall there, there is no break. I'm on my break, man. Listen, there are laws, ok? Well, just one of your regulars. If you want me put it through to someone else, I will. Hit me, baby. One more time. Hello, and thank you for calling 'Psy-Line' Your personal phone psychic is on and ready to open up the portals to the psychic universe Michael? Is that you? Oh, thank God, it's Tanya King. Ms. King. How was Paris? Oh, Michael. Michael, Michael, Michael. Ms. King, you can call me crazy, but I am sensing some bad energy here, - Has something happened? - It's.. It's Gregory. I've lost him. You are kidding. Though he's kind of big for that. He is dead, Michael. He has been murdered. - Oh, Michael. - Well, that's not good. Hello. Hey, it's Lee, sorry to wake you but I've got a problem. - Maybe you walk me through. - No, i'll try. What's going on? I am here at the crime scene of robbery gone bad. Man of the house surprised the intruder, got his head bashing for his trouble, Wife comes home from trip to Paris, now finds him dead in the living room. Wait, did you say Paris? Yeah, but that is not important, here is where I need your help. She locked herself in the bed room, apparently she's talking on the phone with her own personal psychic - What do you think? - I think I'm.. On my way over. ORIGINAL AIR DATE ON NBC 2007/04/11 HDTV-CAPH / 350MB MediuM 3x18 1-900-lucky (crucker89@nate.com) (fasces2@nate.com) ­(pwvirtue@nate.com) By the looks of it, the intruder encountered Mr. King somewhere in this room, They fought and worked away towards the fire place. Intruder grabbed that poker and struck Mr. King repeatedly. Somewhere and all that, he hit his head on that marble edge, broke his neck. Grabbed Mr. King's wallet, his five-carat ring, and a gold watch with diamond face. - Worth about forty grands. - Oh. Detective Scanlon. My mother is finally off the phone. Thank God, I've convinced her to talk to you. - Okay, come on. - Come on, Bridgette, go. Come on everyone, pile in. Oh, man! So they broke into the car? - It doesn't look like anything is missing. - But, I don't get it, someone just broke your window for no reason at all? Why would they do that? I don't know, honey, sometimes people do strange things. Can you pass me that blanket? - So sorry, daddy. - It's not your fault. If I hadn't taken up all that room in the garage to do my art project, It's ok. But, I don't understand, why would anyone ever be so mean? My husband was a wonderful man. Loyal, devoted. He was a center of my world. I understand, on occasion, that the police have been known to employ - the services of psychics. - Mother. Now we understand what you might have seen on TV, that is not really a policy to the Pheonix's police department, Mrs. King. Be that as it may I have been in touch with a very gifted and sensitive young man from Los Angeles. As soon as you finish your work here, I intend to ask him to come here to aver his assistance. - Mom. Please don't do this. - Wesley. Please Mrs. King. Speaking as a representative of the district attorney's office, you don't wanna do that. We wanna find whoever did this. We wanna put them away for life. You walk into a court of law, and you say that psychic was involved with the preparation of your case, and frankly, jurors will just start rolling their eyes. I've spent months getting to know this young man on the telephone. He is a thoughtful, sensitive, sober gentleman with a rare and valuable gift. I am certain that in person, a jury will find him just as compelling as I do. Thank you for calling Psy-Line. Your personal phone psychic is on and ready to open up the portals of the psychic universe. - Michael. - Hey, wait a minute. I'm the psychic around here, who am I talking to? It's your sister. It's Allison. Hey, sis How cool is this? Who would have thought out of all the phone psychics in the world, you had to get me. I asked for you, Michael. Hey, did you know that your cell phone is disconnected? Yep. No. They do that now, after a year if I don't pay the bill. Don't get mad at me I blew up my knee, and I couldn't work construction anymore. Listen, I have to ask you something. Do you have a client named Tanya King? Yeah. Sure. Talk to her every Tuesday. Pretty sad though. I guess she was away.. Her husband got beaten to death, yeah, I know. They have you on her husband's case? - Well, you must be a mind reader. - Haha Here is the thing, I have a feeling that she is gonna want to get you involved. - Involved in what? - In the case, in the investigation on the search for her husband's killer. That's crazy, why would I get involved there, I live in Los Angeles. I am a telephone psychic and I work in my underwear. Well, I just left her. And apparently, she thinks you are very gifted. And very sensitive. Well, you've got nothing to worry about because you and I both know I am neither gifted nor sensitive, just broke. And just like the ad says, "this service is for entertainment purposes only." Daddy? Bridgette, what are you doing up? It's late, you are supposed to be asleep. I know who broke the window of your car. What are you talking about? Your window. I saw who did it. It was Mrs... Mrs. Ubershire. - Mrs. Who? - Mrs. Ubershire, my math teacher. Bridgette, honey. How could you have seen that? It happened last night when we were all asleep. I saw tonight, when I went to bed. I had a dream. Um.. It turns out Bridgette has cracked the mystery of - who smashed my car window. - You are kidding, who? - Apparently, it is her mean old math teacher - Ha. Mrs. Ubershire? Yeah. She is the culprit according to Bridgette. She wants you to tell the people at work have them arrest her. She is recommending a life sentence. - That sounds fair. - When I mentioned to her that.. that might interfere with her completing math class this year She indicated that that was a sacrifice she would be willing to make. Well, that's laudable. She is willing to give up a year of math homework, to see that justice is served. Just like mother, like daughter Is that the door bell? Is somebody at the door? Hello? Can I help you? Uncle Michael! Uncle Michael! Oh, who are you, guy? - Why you couldn't call first? - I know. I know. I totally should have called. But, I didn't even know that I was gonna come here until last night. - We talked about this. - What was I supposed to do? She flew me out here first class. I had a fully reclining seat and everything. Oh, boy. I know that look. The look that I get from mom right before she threw a shoe at me. You are lucky, we are nowhere near the closet. What's this about, "I am not a psychic. I am an entertainer."? Well, as it turns out being a psychic in this particular incident, is paid a whole lot better. - How much better? - Tons Rental car, hotel room, She sprung for a new communication's upgrade. Come on, don't be like this. I needed the money. Besides, I can tell when I was talking to her on the phone that if I didn't come down here and she would just gonna hire some other swami to throw her guilt at. Besides, when you are there to deal with the devil that you know Tell me exactly what Mrs. King asked you to do. I am supposed to go to her house, walk around the scene, touch some stuffs, see if I get anything. - And that's it? - That's it. - She doesn't know I am a psychic. - Ok. And she can't know that we are related. In fact, no one can. - Alright. I.. - No, this is serious. I keep a low-profile with the district attorney's office. I don't.. advertise what I do. People wouldn't understand. It can't get out that the King's out of town psychic is my little brother. No problem. I just need you to do one little tiny favor for me. And what's that? I sure could use a ride to and from Mrs. King's in this morning You just told me that she gave you money for rent-a-car. Yeah, well, but if I don't spend it.. Listen, this is not a mature business that I am running here. Every extra little penny helps give me that edge. Oh, hell, I tell you what. You call her, you tell her that you contacted the authorities when you landed this morning. That they assigned me to be your liaison to the police Liaison, I like that. No impressure. I am gonna get Joe up, when I let him know you are here, see if maybe I can get him to drive the girls to school. There is one other little tiny thing I needed to ask you. If no one is using the couch I just like to pocket the hotel money, too - Bye, sweetie. - Bye, daddy. Come on, kiddo, last stop. Everyone off the bus. Hey, there she is, that's her, daddy! Ah, the famous Mrs. Ubershire, I presume. So.. aren't you gonna go and talk to her? - About what? - About what she did to your window. Bridgette, I explained that to you last night. But, she is right there!! I know but, honey I can't accuse someone just because you saw something in the dream. But, I saw her, daddy!. She took a rock and smashed your window with it. Ah, maybe she did and maybe she didn't. But, I still can't accuse someone just because you saw it in the dream. Now, give me a kiss. Come on. Talk some more tonight. Michael? You look exactly how I imagined. - Under watch, isn't he? - I'm sorry? This charade, I know my mother's paying good money for it. I swear if my dad were still alive. He'd have this guy out of the door so fast, his head would spin. Mrs. Dubois? Thank you. Michael, tea? Ah, no. in a minute. I am starting to feel sort of something. Tell me. Tell me, what you are feeling. Um.. t's..  it's hard to put into words. Um.. different energies, different auras. Ah..  it's very delicate work. Well, what about the killer? Are you sensing anything about Gregory's killer? I keep... I keep seeing the color blue? Does that mean anything to you? Geez, maybe it was the mailman, mom. Maybe he got tired of dad not tipping him on Christmas. Wes, please. - What else, Michael? - You know what actually might help? Lunch. Will you be joining us for lunch, Mrs. Dubois? Ah, actually I think I prefer to step outside and get some fresh air. Mr. Benoit, can I see you outside for a moment? Outside? Absolutely. Is there a something where I can scrub up? Different auras, different energies. Shame on you. Being a little tough on yourself, aren't you? Give yourself some credit. You got my wife eating out of your hand. Mr. King. Gregory, yeah. Hey, sis. That was quite a performance you gave in there, Carnac So tell me what color is my aura now? I don't know. But, I think maybe we need to call the police. What? What for? Do you wanna know how the killer looks like? Well, I have a fairly detailed description of him What? From who? I was just in the bathroom, and so was Gregory King. Henry Alonso, prior arrests include possess of narcotics, sale of the deadly weapon, and the last but not least Um.. breaking and entering. Are you sure? Are you certain this is the man that Gregory King described you? No, I am not sure. I mean, it was a description, not a photograph. But you've got to admit that it's kind of freaky that, this guy he described has all the qualifications necessary for careers of a thief and a killer. He makes a good point. I think I'll see if Mr. Alonso's around, maybe invite him down for a little chat. Hi, dad. - Hey. - Where's mom? She's working, I thought you're walking home with Hannah today. I am. I'm just here to deliver a message from the principal. / Ok. He wants to see you. Something about Bridgette. You understand Mr. Dubois that she said it in front of the entire class. And now she absolutely refuses to apologize. Mrs. Ubershire. I would like you to meet Bridgette's father. - Hi, Joe. Joe Dubois. - Pleasure to make your acquaintance. Likewise, and I am very sorry, if my daughter has said anything to upset you. As I am sure, you've noticed she has a very vivid imagination. In my experience, Mr. Dubois, it's not a parents' job to apologize for their child. It's parents' job to make sure their child can apologize for herself. Bridgette, don't you have something that you wanna say to Mrs. Ubershire? Bridgette, we talked about this. You don't know what actually happened. Young lady, apologize. Right now. I'm sorry, Mrs. Ubershire. I'm sorry that I said you broke my daddy's window. I guess I don't know what really happened. Thank you, Bridgette. Thank you, both. Come on, sweetie. I..um.. put some clean sheets and towels on the couch, we.. don't have a spare toothbrush. Looks like we are gonna have to buy you one. No, I'll just.. use this toothbrush God gave me. - Well, I thought you said you were thirsty. - No, I was.. - I am. - And? I was just thinking about how one of those always leads to another. And another, and another. And I remembered you said that makes it harder to feel stuff. See things. Hey. It really shook you up seeing Gregory King. Oh. Hello? It's Scanlon. He's right here. They picked up Henry Alonso. He was high as a kite. He pawned a 5 carat diamond ring, and a diamond face watch. Both stolen from Gregory King the night he died. Yeah, he is smiling. Ok. - Hey. - Yes! How did it go? She's still mad at me.? Well, she still thinks what she had dreamt was a truth, so I guess so. How about our fourth child? The big lump living on the couch? He fell asleep watching TV. Fell asleep or passed out? I'll have you know he didn't drink anything stronger than orange juice today. Geez The guy cracks one lousy murder case and suddenly he's the poster child for sobriety Hey! He did good! I, for one, am proud. Ok, you would.. If I see him out of our living room, I'll be proud of him, too Hold on a second. - Stop it! - Hey Hey, where are you going? Get back here. Oh, my God. You are him. You did this on purpose, didn't you? Oh, my God. You knew who I was. from the moment, you walked in. Before you even bought me that first drink. - Hey, how do you like if we finish here? - No.. no.. Good morning. Dude, what is it with you and bathrooms? Well, where would you prefer we meet? Around the breakfast table, with your sister and the kids? No I get that So, did you hear we caught your killer? I certainly did, I couldn't be more grateful for all your help with that, truly. There's just one more thing that I need you to do. Great. Mike!! Michael! They're bringing Henry Alonso in to give a statement in a couple of hours. They wanna know, if Michael and I wanna sit in. You and Michael? That's nice, that's thoughtful. Yeah, well, he is the person who led them to him. I mean, I think it'll mean a lot to him. You know, seeing it through the end. Mike! Well, that's weird. He's not here. Hey, Mr. King, I'm sorry to drop by so early in the morning. My mom isn't here, she is at the funeral home. But, that's ok. I.. came here to see you. I have a message from your dad. He asked me to.. Look, since my dad never had a whole lot to say to me while he was alive, I find it kind of hard to believe he is so desperate to reach me now that he's dead. Much less through a perfect stranger Well, you know, ok, that's funny because he was telling me the story about when you were five maybe. He said that you and he were in his dinghy on the way out to his sailboat. You slipped on a railing, hit your head on a winch, started bleeding like a stuck pig You needed seven stitches. You saw the scar on my head and did some kind of internet search to dig up my old hospital records or something. I am very impressed. Ok? But, like I said, my mom will be back later. Why don't you.. Your father said when he picked you up, he saw your face covered with all that blood and he said "Wesley, suck it up" "You need to taste blood, if you wanna be a man." And then he said, "What a stupid thing to say to a 5-year-old. One of my life's greatest regrets". The kid needed a hug, and I did a bad Hemingway impression. I've always felt this glare on me. It was like.. nothing I did.. was ever right. My work, my friends, women I dated. Well, it's not like he feels that way now. In fact, your father wanted me to tell you and he said that you would know what he was talking about, that he would never let anyone tell him who he could or could not be with. And you should do the same thing. Does that make any sense to you? Oh, good. Because it's really important to your father. And he told me that he wanted you to know that whatever objections he had before are gone. He said that you would know what that meant. Good. Your father is counting on you, Wesley. He wants you to take control, secure his legacy. He told me that he sees himself in you now, in the way that he never did before. Oh. - See you, dad. - Bye, daddy. Hey, what, no kiss today? - I love you. - I love you, too. Relax, just a minute. He was like a totally different person. Only now he knows his dad felt that way, getting the message from beyond the grave. It's like you transformed him. It looks like it did you some good, too. I'm sorry that I didn't let you aware where I was going. I was just.. But, after seeing Mr. King, helping him reconcile to make things right with this kid? Catching the killer? It's been an amazing couple of days. By the way, I am not completely convinced about the whole.. "finding the killer" thing. What are you talking about? Allison? What.. we found him, I found him. He is found, we're driving over there to hear his confession right now.. Don't.. don't mess this up for me, it's over, this is happened. It's past tense. A trivia question to stout. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? Yeah, I do. It's just, I had a dream, and your friend Mr. King was in it with a woman. A very young woman. Her name was Monica, she was not.. his wife. They were at his place and she seemed completely out of place there, I mean she had a tattoo, a barb-wire around her arm. They started arguing and then it got violent. What's in here is gotta do with price rise in China, Allison? I don't know, Why am I seeing it? Why? I mean, if this case is really over, why am I still dreaming about? What difference does it make? What are you gonna pay attention to, some dumb dream? Or your brother, who's sitting right in front of you telling you that he had a close encounter in the bathroom with forces from the other side. You ran on my parade. I was passed out in the alley behind the warehouse on Pine Street. I woke up when I heard a car pulling up You saw some guy toss a fourty-thousand dollar watch and a five carat ring into a dumpster. I'm just telling you what I saw. Can you tell me the maker and model of the car? Can you describe the driver? Can you tell me anything that makes what you were saying sound even the slightest bit credible.. I don't know. I don't remember. This is so the guy.. Ah, can you believe it? I swear. After this, after they close this case, I wanna find this friend of mine from the army, he's LAPD now. I think that I can convince him to take me on as a consultant, just like you. I can't believe you are doing this. I'm sorry, doing what? You're jealous.. Aren't you? What are you talking about? Well, I guess there'll only be one official secret police psychic in this family, huh? Official secret police psychic. You know what I am talking about, Allison. I didn't crack this case, I smashed it. They found this guy red-handed with all the stuff from Mr. King's house. I've got him dead to right. It's driving you crazy. It's not making me crazy. Nothing is making me crazy. I look at this man, I listen to the theory of his crime, - I am not sure I believe it. - That's because you don't want to believe it. Because it means that your little brother, Michael has got it all going on, just like you. Just like you. Just like you. Where are you going? I am going to spend some of that hotel money, that's where. You are absolutely sure. It's not remotely possible. Ok, well, thank you very much for that information, Doctor - Doctor? - County medical examiner. Apparently, Gregory King was definitely killed by a man. They can tell that just from an autopsy? From the severity of the wounds and their location on the body. - Thank you. - Thank you. Now they're positive Gregory King was definitely killed by a man who was at least 5 foot 8. So he couldn't have been killed by a petite 20 something named Monica? - Apparently not. - Um.. - So, did you call him yet? - My brother? About 40 times, he just doesn't answer the phone. I'm gonna take a shower. Hello? Yes, he is, May I ask who's calling? It's Laurie Jameson in the neighbourhood watch group Hello? Laurie Michael. Thank you so much for stopping by on your way to the airport. I wanted to be able to say thank you in person. Wha.. ah, you don't need to thank me. You know, you paid me to do a job, I'm just happy that I was actually able to do it for you. Oh, Michael. Come in. Michael. You did so much more than I ever could have imagined. Those messages that you brought us from my late husband. You couldn't possibly know this, but they've changed everything. - Ah, what're you talking about? - Oh, please. Come, I want you.. I want you to meet someone. I want you to meet my son's fiance. Michael. This is Monica. Hi, nice to meet you. Tell them you need to use the bathroom. Do it. You looked puzzled out there. You knew her. Monica, you knew that woman, didn't you? Run some water. They can't hear me, but they can hear you. She killed you, didn't she? You and her had a thing. - She killed you. - Do you like that story? Me? Personally, I prefer the Henry Alonso's story. Yeah, that's a great story. You got a sympathetic victim. Me. You have a villain, we can all rule against unemployed drug addict with a criminal record. And we have the added bonus of your involvement. No small thing as far as my wife's concerned. I'm asking you a direct question. Henry Alonso killed me. You close the case. Take the win and go home. Ok, I'm gonna go out there, tell them Monica killed you. - I wish you wouldn't. - Why? Because it's true? Because he loves her. And because it isn't true. You know, Mr. Gregory, I am gonna be honest with you. The more time I spend with you, the less I seem to like you. But you are my first real for profit visitation from the other side, So that counts for something. I am gonna ask you one more time. If it isn't Henry Alonso, and it isn't your son's fiance, then who? - Did Wesley know about the two of you? - There was no two of us. I thought my son was weak, feckless. I was trying to protect him. By seducing his girlfriend. I thought I had to prove something to him. About his girlfriend's character. Instead, I found something else about his. She told him, didn't she? She told Wesley that you tried. One of the real secrets of my success and business, has always been my ability to sell anything, almost anything to, almost anyone and anytime. But I could not convince that boy. That the girl he is in love with, was lying. Oh, my God. He did it. Your own son. I honestly can't even begin to describe you that collision of emotions, I mean. You are staring at your own death. And yet, I didn't think he had them in him. I mean, the way he made it look like robbery. Take my watch and ring, and throw them in that dumpster. I am not sure I could have come up with that. I am gonna have to tell him, you know that. Seven four two zero five. What? / That's half the routing number of an account in a bank in Malaga You'll get the other half, when you arrive in Spain. There's exactly $349,000 in that account, I'm the only one who knows about it. That's enough for you to start having a real life. To make something of yourself. Just.. let a father give his son in death What he couldn't in life. And let this innocent man go to jail. The question here isn't about Henry Alonso It's about Michael Benoit. Is he going to walk away from this experience as a rich man? Or is he going back to work at that 900 phone lines. Mrs. Ubershire. - Joe Dubois, we met the other day. - Ah, yes, of course. What can I do for you, Mr. Dubois? Well, I was just wondering how do you like you car. Because I really love mine, I love everything about it. Even the color is perfect. You went for the metallic brown too, didn't you? Is there something I can help you with, Mr. Dubois? Well, I am guessing Ubershire isn't the most common of names. Would it surprise you to learn that we got one living on our street? I, myself didn't know until I check with my neighbourhood watch this morning. Glaudis Ubershire, she moved in a few months ago. Just a couple of doors down from our house. I went over to introduce myself this morning, and then.. It turns out she's got a sister-in-law who teaches at this school. Yeah, the sister-in-law came over for dinner last Sunday night Same night, somebody smashed the window of mine. Metallic brown '04 Jeep Cherokee You got it mixed up, right? You tried to put your key in my jeep, and then when the door wouldn't open, You broke the window to get inside. You probably didn't even figure out your mistake until the key wouldn't work in the ignition, either. Here, this is the bill What it costed me to fix the window that you smashed. All the time, all the upset, it's on the house. You.. you actually expect me to pay that? A parents' job, Mrs. Ubershire, is to listen to their child. Bridgette is telling me that I ought to go to the police on this. Maybe she is right about that, too. Hey, official secret police psychic. Can I ask you a question? How are we gonna get Henry Alonso out of the jail? Mr. King, I was starting to worry you weren't gonna make it. / Sorry. I was.. in a meeting with some of the partners of my dad's company, Trying to figure out where I fit in the new hierarchy. You said that the district attorney had some questions for me. He is just finishing up with someone in the conference room. This way. Monica? Oh.. I'm so sorry, Wes. They knew everything. I couldn't lie. I don't understand what you are talking about. - Monica! - I'm sorry. / Monica! What did you tell them? Does someone please want to tell me what the hell is going on here? Your fiance was just telling us about the night your father tried to seduce her. She said she came clean with you about it just hours before he was killed. I guess she just decided she'd rather have a clear conscience than being accessory to murder. Now, if you wouldn't mind, Mr. King, we have a lot, we would like to discuss it with you. Excuse me. Wesley? Can we have a statement right here please? What a waste. - You're still here. - I gave that boy everything. I tried to make him a man, here he is.. blubbering to the cops. Well, if it's any consolation, my sister says he'll probably get a manslaughter. Yeah, with good behavior, five years? Yeah, right. Knowing him, he would be a model prisoner. And you. You're no better. I offered you a chance of a whole new life, I hope you are happy. Actually, I am. Well, I've got to go. I just spotted my ride to the airport I'm guessing you've got some traveling of your own with you. Pack for warm weather. Family