Has anyone seen Joe Dubois? So, are you ready for this? As ready as I'll ever be. - Welcome back Joe! - Thank you Is everything ok at work? Everything is fine. Something seems wrong. Mrs. Dubois, my name is Marcus Canty. I work with your husband. Since he's come back to work, he hasn't been attending any meetings, he hasn't been making any phone calls. Your boss called. They said they might want you to see someone. My name is Cooper Conroy. I'm an attorney,Mr. Dubois. Can you talk for a moment? Talk about what? About millions of dollars I believe you're entitled to. I dream the same dream every night, and there is nothing circumstantial about it. We're going to finish trying this case. We're going to trust the jury. We find the defendant guilty of murder in the first degree. Thank you for the encouragement. I work for the District Attorney, Manuel Devalos. It's not that exciting. Easy for you to say. You don't sell pharmaceuticals for a living. So... what's it like working for the DA? I thought you needed to see this. Oh,my God. It's Natalie Paxton's head on Ramona Hensley's body. City Hall is already being inundated with people calling for the immediate release of Walter Paxton. You're expecting a call today... ...or maybe a text? My husband's kind of going through something.</i> Well,now we know where the head of the third victim ended up. So who's the body belong to? Driver's license photo. Hey,Dad. Evening,son. So... what's all the hubbub? Huh? What's so important you needed to raise me from the dead? Well,I was just kind of reviewing my options, contemplating my future. Well,you know,I don't get you. I don't know what you're talking about. What's to contemplate? I mean,your future's right here. You got the,the two kids... Three. ...the happy marriage to Haley Joel Osment. Yeah,I know,I know. I just... There were five of us in that room,Dad. Only two of us made it out alive. Why me? Why not them? Because. That's it? That's your answer? "Because"? You know what your problem is? You've never been in a war. My generation... we saw death, contemplated our own mortality when we were young so we didn't have to waste the rest of our lives worrying about it. We realized that death takes care of itself. It's life that needs your attention. Life,huh? Look,you got a great job. You got a hot little wife. You got a couple of nice kids, and here you are wondering why you're alive. You know what you need to do? What's that? You need to wake up. Oh,really? I mean it. Honey,I need you to wake up. Honey? Darling. Please,just wake up. Wait a second. No,I'm confused. Why should I? Give me one good reason. Because I need to talk to you about a dream I just had. So they found your friend's body with the head of the third victim on it? That would make your friend the fourth victim. Uh-huh. To be honest,I don't think the issue is as much who to call as it is what to say. Well,I have to tell someone. What are you going to tell them? "I don't know who the next victim is, but I can tell you about the one after that"? It's not as if you know when any of this is going to happen.</i> Are you saying I shouldn't tell anybody? I don't know. Keep in mind this is a dream you had after two martinis. Uh... I'm not telling you how to do your job. I'm just saying that I don't think there's anyone to call tonight. Right. Speaking of calling,how's your phone? Very clean. Useless,but very clean. Melinda had her baby... and that's who keeps texting me. She asked about you,by the way. How you're doing. How you're doing with me. Tell her not very well. But I'm determined to change that. Yeah. Me,too. www.1000fr.com present</font>  sync:FRM@Ð¡Èý</font> ***** Alligator. A- L-L-I... ...G-A-T-O-R. - Alligator. - Morning. Dad,where's Mom? Let me switch rooms. Still sleeping,sweetie. Can you give her another one? Okay,let's see. Here's one. Jocular. Hi. What can I do for you,Mr. Conroy? At the risk of sounding like a cliche? this call is about what I can do for you. I thought we left it that you were going to wait for my call. And I would have,but you didn't call. Usually when I mention that there's potentially millions of dollars involved, people at least let me buy them a cup of coffee. You do drink coffee,don't you,Mr. Dubois? You were looking for me? Yeah,I was. The name P.D. McCall ring a bell? I'm sorry? Couple of months ago, you told me about a reporter from out of town who was calling you,asking questions about this office, certain particulars about the Sonny Troyer case. Do you remember the name of that reporter? Not off the top of my head. I can look it up if it's important. Amid the flood of articles from around the country suggesting that,uh, I completely misjudged this situation, did you happen to see this one? "Aggressive DA's Office Finally Undone by Recapitator. " Undone by what? The Recapitator. That's what they're calling our killer. He doesn't just decapitate these women, he re-capitates them, putting the head of his last victim on the body of his current one. Clever. Anyway,this P.D. McCall points out that if I had at least entertained the deal that Paxton's attorney was shopping, that the judge most certainly would have suspended the trial prior to the verdict, and we wouldn't be in the mess we're in now. An opinion I know you share. Manny,I never said that to anyone but you. Of course not. I just can't figure out why this national reporter is coming after my scalp.</i> District Attorney's Office,Allison Dubois speaking. Are you that blonde I saw inhaling martinis at the hotel bar last night? Uh,who am I speaking with? It's your drinking buddy,Drinking Buddy. How you holding up this morning? I'm surviving. My husband let me sleep in a bit,which was nice. It's my boss I'm worried about. Every two minutes, they bring in another stack of newspaper articles about how he bungled the whole Paxton thing. He looks so defeated. Let's change the subject. What are you doing? I am killing time before a client meeting. Why? You want to get another drink? Yes,but I can't. Actually,I'm glad you called. I wanted to ask you a question. Oh,excellent. You ask the questions for a change. How long are you going to be in town? Why? Hubby jealous? No,I'm serious. Last night when I left, I thought about you in that hotel by yourself. I kind of like the way you look with your head on your own neck. You are really sweet in a deeply twisted way. I am here for as long as it takes me to get my work done,but don't be concerned. There's thousands of hotel rooms in Phoenix and only one Recapitator. Recapitator? Oh,my God,I just heard someone call him that in the elevator. I can't believe a civilian like you is already acting like that's his name. That is his name and I like it. I told you - Court TV junkie. So... give me some dirt. What are the police saying about the connection between Paxton's wife and this new victim? Well,that's what's scary. There doesn't seem to be a connection other than the fact that they were both alone in expensive hotel rooms. It seems completely random, which is why,as much as I enjoy having you around, I sure would feel much better if you left town until we catch this guy. Or- I don't know- come stay at my house. You can be the referee between me and my husband. Sorry,I like my job and I like room service, but I'd love to do the cocktail or the lunch thing again. Anyway,you know what? I got to go. For crying out loud,you work for politicians,girl. Stop worrying about my neck and watch out for your own. Sorry to keep you waiting. I had a doctor's appointment. Company-ordered therapy. Eh,it's pretty standard in situations like this. Forgive me; situations like what? I think what I've been through is fairly unique. I didn't mean to diminish the impact it's had on you or,or your life. That's the reason I'm here. I've actually had quite a bit of experience in this area. And what is "this area"? Suing the companies where the,where the violence occurs? Aren't they victims in all this,too? I mean,they didn't tell my co-worker to bring a gun to work, much less use it against his colleagues. And if you really want to start assigning blame, he wasn't even an employee. He was fired. He used my ID to get in the front gate. I gave it to him. If you wanted to, you could argue that the whole thing was my fault. Guy brings a gun to work,kills himself and two others. My fault. Three guns. Excuse me? He came to the office with three guns. Right. Aerodytech is a government contractor. The sensitive nature of their work means that they're a target for terrorists, disgruntled employees,and competitors. And you're telling me you think it's okay that the only thing standing between Aerodytech and Bruce Rossiter's guns was your ID at an unmanned security gate? Mr. Dubois,these people did not take adequate precautions to protect the country,its secrets,or their employees. Stop working so hard to defend them. They certainly didn't do much to defend you. It's me,the hunter-gatherer. I bring food and communications from the outside world. In here. Daddy's home. Can I steal you for a minute? Bridge,would you finish setting the table for Mommy? I can't decide if this guy's our savior or Mephistopheles in lawyer's clothing. There's something about his intensity. On the one hand,I love the fact that he might be working for us, and on the other hand,I feel ashamed of myself for hiring somebody like that to do our bidding. Why are you smiling? What are you smiling about? You're talking to me. I miss that. I honestly just don't know what to do. I like Aerodytech. And it just seems wrong when I... when I think about my dead friends, and I think about that awful day, to be thinking about money. Maybe that's naive. I mean,what would I say to Mr. Canty? Oh,my God,he called you. Left you a message on the answering machine. I didn't get a chance to tell you. He wants to have lunch with you tomorrow. See,I already feel like I'm cheating on him by having this conversation. He said "millions of dollars. " Maybe "tens of millions of dollars. " All right,ladies and gentlemen,five women are dead now, all brutally murdered by the same sociopath. Are you embarrassed? Are you ashamed? I know I am. Our local hotels and restaurants are losing millions in revenue. Our convention center is empty. Every day brings a new cancellation. And our Chamber of Commerce is telling me that it will take years to shake off the perception of Phoenix as an unsafe city to visit. Well,I won'have it. Not on my watch. I'm not going down like my predecessor. I like being the new DA of Phoenix. Huh? There's another murder after Debra's. Huh? I said,"There's another murder after Debra's. " I'm sorry. I know that you said something to me 'cause I saw your mouth was moving. It was awful. Five women killed. Debra and then another one, and Devalos wasn't the DA anymore. They got rid of him. Okay,okay. So this is in the future? Yeah. But you don't know specifically when? What can I do that I haven't already done? I tried to convince Debra she was in danger. She wouldn't believe me. What am I going to do? Tell my boss, "Hey,now might be a great time "for you to get that resume out there. Check out the DA wanted ads"? What,laughing,sleepy boy? You going to make some more fun of me? No,I'm not making fun of you. I just seems to me like this is just a math problem. What's a math problem? You said there are five victims and that your friend is the fourth victim. And you implied that Devalos gets fired after the death of the fifth girl. So it just seems pretty obvious to me what you've got to do. Okay. Well,just don't let your friend get murdered. Then your friend lives; Devalos doesn't get fired; there is no fifth victim; everyone lives happily... well,I suppose the third victim is not that happy,but... I have no idea what you're talking about. All right,I'm not making myself clear. Okay,if your friend is the fourth victim, then just don't let her be. Put her under surveillance. Don't let her out of your sight. You know this guy is going to come and look for her, so just be there when he does. Stop the murder,stop the murderer. I need you to do something for me. Joe? Hey,Marcus. How are you? Texting my wife. New phone,does everything but make coffee. That's nice. You're looking good. Relaxed. I talked to Dr. Myers. He's very pleased about everything. Joe,we miss you. Hey,I miss being there. I don't know what happened that week I came back... Doesn't matter. Myers says you're better. So if you're willing, you and your,uh,new phone... More than willing. Um... What's this? It's your annual bonus check. Postdated,you won't be able to cash it for a few weeks,but we wanted you to have it. So you know what we were thinking. It's a little premature,isn't it? It's May. Well,given everything that's happened... I know. It's probably four times what you were expecting. Closer to five. You know,I can hear you're in a hurry to get back to work,but the truth is, if you wanted a couple more weeks- no doctors,no anything- just a real vacation, we would certainly understand. Everything all right? I won't lie to you. You go through an experience like this... ...and you start looking at all your options. Looking back on your whole professional life wondering if it was really as meaningful... as you remember it being. Wondering if the people that you've given your life to... ...well,if any of it actually matters to them. Well,I hope you can see that it did... that it does. You just need to take your time. Make sure you're ready. Then come back and we'll hit the ground running. Thank you. To the future. Oh,actually, there is one little thing I need you to do sooner rather than later. Just over the weekend,take it home, and when you get a chance,uh,read it over and then sign it. I'm sorry,Marcus. What is this? Oh,it's just a standard form. The insurance company wanted us to give it to you. It's,uh,some kind of liability waiver. "I,Joseph Dubois,hereby release Aerodytech, "its officers and shareholders from any claim, "future or past,relating to events occurring on or off company property... " You mind if I have an attorney take a look at this? Of course not. It's a little awkward,but,uh... I need to have that back before you can return to work. Excuse me? It's not us. It's the insurance company. They're insisting we get your signature on those before we can bring you back. You understand. Marcus,are you saying that if I don't sign these, I can't come back to work? No,I'm not saying that. They can't do that. Aerodytech can't do that. You can't fire someone without cause. Joe,please don't go down this road. There's always cause. They'll find cause. No! There is no cause. What did I do? I sat there for eight hours with a gun pointed at me and tried to reason with a man. That's cause?! That's not cause. How about not showing up for your company-mandated therapy last week? The insurance company seems to think that's cause. Wait a minute. Where are you going? We haven't even ordered yet. I'm not hungry. I want you to think about this. There's a lot of money in that envelope. And who knows,maybe I could get you a little more. You... I'm telling you,I didn't know what to think.</i> It felt like an ultimatum. I came this close to calling that lawyer and saying,"Let's go. " Well,maybe Mr. Canty was being honest. I'm sure their insurance company is terrified that you're going to sue. I'm sure they do want them to get you to sign some kind of waiver or something. The good news is they're not dropping you like a hot potato. They're throwing money at you to get you to stay. They just don't want you to turn around a year from now and drag them into court. Well,it's not like they're throwing millions, certainly not tens of millions. I don't know. Of course there's no guarantee that if I do sue... Do me a favor. Dream about us tonight. Tell me what I should do. Well,that's not fair. If I tell you what to do,who's going to tell me what to do? What are you talking about? You don't need advice. You know everything before it happens. Not true. That little piece of advice you gave me this morning? Yeah,that worked out for you? I went right to Scanlon,told him he had to put Debra under 24-hour surveillance. That's my girl. And I told him about some filthy, dirty text messages I got this morning. I'd like to have him investigate to put a stop to it. Oh,really? You want those to stop,huh? Someone is feeling better. What can I tell you? It's a triumph of the human spirit. Sorry,ma'am. I didn't realize you were here. I'll come back later. Ma'am,are you okay? Ma'am? A maid found her in the hotel bathtub. And we're sure it's this... Recapitator. Not some copycat? The previous victim's head was there as well. I got here as quickly as I could. You okay? I'd rather be at the scene. I'd rather not be looking at pictures. But when the mayor asks you to sit this one out... When the governor asks you to sit this one out... Press is getting pretty vicious. Care to see the carnage? That's okay. I've seen it. So,who was she? Cheryl Ann Potts,24 years old. In town for her sister's wedding. This is what she looked like when she was still in one piece. This is the girl I was telling you about yesterday,Lee. Red hair. Pretty. It was her head that ends up on Debra's body. We can't allow it to happen. Wait a second. What are you talking about? We knew about this girl? And who's this Debra? Debra's a friend of mine. I had a dream that she was going to be the fourth victim. I had no idea who the third victim was going to be, other than what her head looked like on Debra's body. And...? And I've been doing some pretty fancy footwork and we've had Debra under surveillance since yesterday afternoon. Of course,nobody knows why they're watching her, and she has no idea that she's being watched. Well,that may have to change. I can't sit by and just let this woman go about her business when we have reason to believe that she could be the next victim. It's not as if our people are in the hotel room with her. We have to be smart about it,though, given the way we came into this information. I can't go to her,and neither can you,Lee. It has to come from you,Allison, as a friend. Explain to her that you've been working on this case. You've just become privy to some highly classified information and... you believe she may be a target. See if you can get her to leave town for a while, stay with friends... I tried that. Well,try again. Try harder. It's not often in life that we get a chance to thwart disaster. Let's not have to look back and regret what we could have done. Hey! Wow. You really are persistent. First I get a cell phone full of messages and then you show up here. Allison,I really would have called you back. Is something the matter? Okay,you know what? I'm gonna change my clothes and I'll meet you downstairs in the bar in ten minutes. No,the bar won't work. Are you alone? Um... Yeah,I'm alone,but I'm also a pig. My... my room's a nightmare even after housekeeping,so. Oh,it doesn't matter. Okay. Sorry,yeah,come in. REPORTER ... winds,expect a high near 52 degrees. Clear tonight,with a low near 41. This just in: the body of Cheryl Ann Potts, found beheaded in her hotel room earlier today... Sit. It... Sit. Sorry. I'm expecting a call. Mmm. Can I get you a drink? Mini-drink from my mini-bar? I'm terrified for you. Okay. You know what,Allison? This has got to stop. You... are watching way too much television, reading way too many newspapers. Do you know how many hotel rooms there are in Phoenix? I do. I researched it after the last time you brought this up. Depending on how you count,over 55,000. I feel totally safe. Well,you're not. Not in this hotel. Not in that bed. Okay. I need a drink. Debra,this is what I do all day: work on this case; sift through information; meet with detectives. And today... I can't tell you very much,but... I was given some information,some intelligence. You're his next target. You. Really? Me? Why? You,you think he's looking for free drug samples? This isn't funny. I'm not laughing. You see this? This is how I live most of the time: out of a suitcase, from one strange hotel room to another. And you come along and you say "Debra,I need you to pay attention. I need you to get good and scared. " And you don't understand. You're telling a pilot that flying isn't safe. You're telling a heart surgeon that it's unhealthy to handle human blood. This is my life. This is how I make my living. So you're going to have to tell me something more than just "you're next. " I mean,how can you be so sure? Did you guys get a list? Do,do I have something in common with the other women who died? I told you. I can't tell you how I got my information or even the nature of my information. Just that I believe it to be extremely accurate. No offense,Allison, but if this information is so accurate, then why did they send you to tell me? Where's the District Attorney? Where's the Chief of Police? I mean,if I called your boss right now,would he back you up? I don't know. I don't know if he could. No,with everything that's going on, you shouldn't call him. Okay,well,you've certainly given me a lot to think about. I swear on my children's lives what I am telling you is true. Okay. Will you call me? Will you tell me what you decide? You know,the offer's still open. You can come stay at my house. I honestly don't think that's going to be necessary. I have to tell you something. Something else? This is going to sound crazy. Ever since I was a little girl... I've seen things... dreamt things. It took me a long time to understand that they were messages... messages from dead people, showing me things that had happened, things that were going to happen. You dream messages from dead people? All of my life. And my work with the District Attorney is almost exclusively about that, about victims coming to me... telling me things,showing me things... things that make it possible for the District Attorney and I to obtain justice for those who have passed... and once in a while, like now... to stop something horrible from ever happening. So you dream these things and then you tell the District Attorney, and he listens? Anyone else? My husband. Obviously. And a detective on the force and a woman in the mayor's office, and now you. Okay. I saw you,Debra,on that bed. He took your head... and in its place was the head of Cheryl Ann Potts, the third victim,the woman he killed last night. Okay. What was I wearing? Work clothes. Not a robe or underwear? So as long as I don't change I guess I'm... I'm safe for tonight? You don't believe me. We do have officers watching you. We have since yesterday. You won't see them,or at least you shouldn't, but if you get in trouble... Okay,you know what? I,I... I have my magic robe and my invisible bodyguards. And I really need you to leave now. You will call me? You will think about everything I have told you and you will call me? Please? I will call you Hi,I'm Howie Mandel. Welcome to Deal or No Deal. Thank you. ...I've always said, I have the best audience in the world... Hey,babies. Any of you know where Daddy is? ...I promise to take great care of you tonight. I promise. And what does taking great care of you mean? It means... When did Howie Mandel become our baby-sitter? What can I tell you? He was available and the price was right. I wasn't expecting you home so early. Shouldn't you be ordering your second drink right about now? No drinks were ordered,at least not by me. Remember that conversation we had about how hard it is for me to make friends and keep them? Nothing's changed. I'm sorry. She thinks I'm insane. You know,I'm actually praying with all of my heart that she's proven right. I called Scanlon. They tripled the detail watching her. Even got the hotel to agree to let us put guards in the hall. I really don't know what else to do. All you can do is all you can do. Well,I did it all. I even told her how I knew. Wow. Did that help? No. It made things worse. So,how was your day? I dodged calls from the lawyer. Dodged calls from my boss. Flipped a lot of coins. Nothing new. Well,I'm going to go put the girls to sleep. Okay. Next contestant is... Allison Dubois. Allison! Allison. Allison,come on up. I... I do this. I do this. Thank you. Uh... Welcome to Deal or No Deal. Tell me a little bit about yourself. Uh... I'm live in Phoenix,Arizona, uh,with my husband and our three daughters. He's an aerospace engineer. I work with the District Attorney's Office. Wow! Wow,so we have a... They love that. Yeah. Woo! We have a... a rocket scientist and a lawyer. You two sound like quite the Dynamic Duo. We try. You try? Well,let's try to win you some money. You ready? Yeah. Here we go. Okay. We've got 26 lovely ladies holding 26 cases. Each of them has a random amount placed in them by a third party. We don't know what's in what case, but we do know,one case is holding one million dollars. Woo! And all I'm going to ask you to do right now is pick the one with one million dollars in it. That's all you got to do. Okay. Okay,Allison? Okay. Got a number in mind? I'm going to go with case #3. 3. Lisa,open your case. Woo! There you go. Thank you. Okay. All right. So you think there's a million dollars in this case? I do. You do? Well,let's find out. You know how we do that? By eliminating those. Whatever's in those is not in yours. We're going to start by opening six cases before we call our banker. Pick some cases. Pick the ones with the small amounts. Keep the large amounts in play, and the offers will go up,okay? Okay. Start with the small amounts. I'm going to go with case... #9! #9. Patricia. Patricia,open the case. One penny - smallest amount up there. Okay. We're off to a good start. Five more cases. #15! 15. Brooke. Brooke, open the case. Okay. A dollar! You're off to a really good start. I don't think I've ever seen anybody do that before. #10! #10. Okay. Tania, open your case. This is... This is getting weird. That is... That is unbelievable. That is unbelievable,Allison - the three lowest amounts in a row. What-What do you... You have x-ray vision? I don't know what to say. Uh,I-I'm a good guesser. I always have been. Oh,I can see that. My God,let's keep going. Okay. All right. Case #26! #26. 14! 14. Case #7! Yes! Yeah! I am,uh... I'm speechless. My hands are actually shaking. They are. This is,uh... It's amazing. I'm-I'm sure the banker's hands are also shaking. Let's get a call from him and an offer. Okay. And see what he's offering. Call me. Okay,here we go. Hello? Okay. Okay,um... apparently,uh,we need to stop tape. And... Excuse me? Okay. No,I'm sorry,folks. I'm sorry. We,uh... This'll just be a minute. Let's get another contestant, and we'll,uh... we'll start again. What's going on? I don't understand. I think you know exactly what's going on. You are cheating,Mrs. Dubois. Cheating? The banker knows exactly what's happening here. Thought you'd want one last status report before you headed home. It's hard to imagine how anyone's going to get to her. I mean,we have her covered like nobody's business. And I guess it's freaking her out a little. According to my guys,she didn't even leave the hotel today. Worked from her room, and when she did step out to go to the coffee shop, they said she didn't look too pleased about our being in the hallway. Well,I guess that's the price you pay to keep your head when everyone around you is losing theirs. Hello? Allison,it's Manuel Devalos. Where am I catching you? In the car,headed home. Is everything all right? Is there any chance I can get you to come back here? There's something I need to discuss with you. Something I need to... show you. Thanks for coming back. No problem. I just,uh... got the damnedest call, the,uh... damnedest fax. I don't remember if I mentioned it to you, but this national reporter,P.D. McCall, has been writing some pretty nasty pieces about me, about this Paxton thing. Got another one coming out on Sunday. Just faxed me a copy of it. Wanted to know if I had any comment. Well,how bad is it? Pretty tough stuff. Quotes from an insider talking about some of the inner workings of this office. Even talked about some of the work you do for us. Me? He mentions me? How is that possible? Where did he get that? Who would tell him? Where would something like that come from? Well,I read the piece twice. The only thing that makes any sense... is it apparently came from you,Allison. Me? The District Attorney's Office seems to be held in a thrall by a self-professed psychic named Allison Dubois,whose dreams,vague feelings and prognostications appear to have been the primary basis for Walter Paxton's prosecution. " I swear,I never... I would never... I didn't talk to this person. I don't even know a P.D. McCall. I think maybe you do. But Mrs. Dubois' influence is not just limited to the District Attorney's Office. At one point,she actually became so convinced that I would be the Recapitator's next victim,she attempted to convince me to leave town so that my life would be spared. When I explained that I couldn't and wouldn't leave town without some compelling evidence beyond her dreams, she was actually able to persuade the police department to redirect its resources and provide round-the-clock protection for me. " No... it can't be. She wouldn't. I did some checking. McCall was her married name. She's divorced now. Her maiden name... is Livingston. Paladin Debra Livingston. P.D.! You're not at all who you say you are,are you? You didn't hit my car. You don't sell things for a living. You don't even go by the name Debra! Okay,but then,if you were really the psychic you claim to be,wouldn't you have known that? I can't believe I let you use me this way. Please. You know,at the end of the day, this really has very little to do with you. You just happen to work for a man who I think- who a lot of people are starting to think - is reckless, foolhardy in the way that he chooses to handle the people's business. Believe me,I just took a shot in the dark. I had no idea when I told you I'd hit your car that you'd end up being such a rich source. I was just hoping maybe you'd tell me he was using the office postage meter for personal mail. So,that's all I am,is the source? Doesn't it matter at all that the man you're trying to destroy is a great man? A great lawyer? A terrific district attorney? A man who loves this city and its people? I'm sure he has a good heart. You cannot run this story. Debra... please. I befriended you. I told you things in confidence. Crazy things,Allison. Crazy things that people who should know better apparently listen to. And that,all by itself- that's reason enough for me to run the story. I told you those things to save your life! To get you to hear. To get you to listen! And what about me? What about my life? My husband's life? My children's lives? Are you going to print those secrets, make it impossible for us to live...? Allison,stop. You are a lovely person. But you are also a menace. A nice,well-meaning,good-natured menace,and I like you. And I do care about you. And it is my deepest wish that someone, anyone close to you,find you the mental health care that you so obviously,desperately need. McCall here. Hello? Lee? Oh,no. Where? Monamore Hotel? I'm on my way. Okay. Wow. Bad news travels fast. Poor woman. Victim #4. Funny thing,though- I thought victim #4 was supposed to be me.