The blood. And that corpse. What corpse? Scanlon just called. They found the remains of Autumn Colville. There were several more duffel bags down there. When they opened them up,they found the butchered body parts of two more girls. Looks like we got ourselves a serial killer. I got a call from Ashley's father today. He's convinced that his daughter is sharing her antianxiety medication with you. There's this girl,and she won't leave me alone and she won't let me study or concentrate... Wait a second. Hold on. What girl? Stacey Anne Burrows. Stacey Anne-- is she dead? We decided that if the doctor thinks that this medicine will improve the quality of your life, I will try to get that appointment as soon as possible. Allison Dubois? I'm Caitlyn Lynch. I'm with the Lydecker Corporation. You're offering me a job? What exactly does it mean when they say "high six figures"? Means you need to call her tomorrow. You need to find out what this is all about. So you think I should take it? How do you not take it? These are employee dossiers. I'd like you to spend some time with them. See if there's anyone among this group that gives you pause. Well,he's really the only person who jumped out at me. And this is the only employee that you're worried about? He's Justin Lydecker. Mr. Lydecker's son. Your father is interested in my impressions of things,people, which is why I think he wanted me to sit down with you. Yeah. That's what I figured. He wants you to tell him if his only son is permanently screwed up or if I can be... salvaged. Lee,it's me. I just had another dream. I think it happened again,another murder. The dreams you've been having about the murders,did you mention your dreams to your colleague? Dreams that we're talking about have nothing to do with Lydecker. Your dreams,your impressions,they belong to Lydecker now. They are actually the intellectual property of our company. If you ever breach your contract again, I will litigate you with a vigor unlike anything you have ever experienced in your life. Justin. -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season05 Episode16 The Man in the Mirror</font> Justin. He knows. Hold on a second,wait. I'm not following. Who-who is this "he"? What is it you're saying that he knows? And while we're at it,where are you going? I think I need to get dressed. I need to go tell somebody. But,Allison... it's not even 6:00 in the morning. Tell me. That maniac who's killing all those women,gouging their eyes out,it's Justin Lydecker. Justin Lydecker? Douglas Lydecker's son,my boss's son,his only son,his only child. And I think he knew,or at least he suspected. I think that's why he hired me. To do what? To get confirmation? That,and the special added bonus that if I ever dreamt the awful truth, I couldn't do anything with those dreams because... He owns them. Your dreams are his. That's-that's very smart. Guess that's how you get to be Douglas Lydecker. So what are you gonna do? I have to tell the district attorney. Maybe if I hurry up,I can get there before Devalos arrives. Nobody will see me. No one will ever know. Allison. Caitlyn. I had a very interesting dream about you last night. You were having a conversation with your husband about things you saw in your sleep. And then you made a decision toDI cUMome here and share what you saw with your old boss. Well,then you know everything there is to know. Why don't you come in with me,and we can talk to the district attorney together. Allison,I'm not going in there. And you're not going in there. It's simply not going to happen. I beg to differ. Allison,if you go in that building and have the conversation you intend to, you'll be forcing Mr. Lydecker to take legal action. I'm trying to help you. This is difficult for me,too. Well,let me make it easier. Here,I quit. It doesn't work that way. Go back and read your contract. Quitting doesn't release you from the terms of our agreement. Far from it. If you breach your contract in any way at any time,Lydecker can and will sue you. They will go after all of your assets. And when those are depleted,they'll go after any collective assets you may have with your husband. I'm talking about your home,Allison. I'm talking about your husband's stake in his venture with Cavanaugh Industries. I'm talking about any college fund you may have started for your girls. Allison,Lydecker has an army of lawyers. And I promise you,there is nothing you own that they won't find and take away. Women are dying horrible deaths. I'm aware of that. Mr. Lydecker is aware of that. We all want it to stop. It's just,it cannot stop this way. Allison,before you play fast and loose with your family's future, please,Mr. Lydecker wants to see you. He wants to discuss this with you. There's nothing to discuss. Just hear him out. Douglas is devastated about this. I promise you,he is not an evil man. And he has a plan on how to handle this. Are you trying to tell me something? The thing is,if it's something important,I want to hear you. I want to help. But if it isn't... I'm going to the doctor's tomorrow,and I'm gonna try and get him to give me pills. And then I won't be able to hear you. It will be too late. So... if you have something to tell me... Ariel. Ariel. Ariel,wake up. Young lady,wake up. That's better. We don't show these videos for you to sleep through. That girl,Karina Tyler,the first victim, she worked here,you know. A summer intern. Justin... oh,he couldn't stop looking at her. And when she came to talk to me about his... disturbing behavior... I did what I'd always done. I - I paid her to go away,quickly,quietly. It worked with the girls he frightened in high school,the girls he... forced himself on in college. It seemed to work with her. But then... months later... when I read that she had gone missing,I couldn't... I couldn't help but wonder. But we weren't sure. That's when I told Mr. Lydecker about you. I'd been reading about you,hearing about you. I told Mr. Lydecker that if Karina wasn't just missing,if she were dead, that she might try to reach out through you. Well,you're right. There's something terribly wrong with your son. And it's up to us to stop him. We have to go to the district attorney, - tell him what we know. - No,no. No. It's been handled. It's being handled. No,I'm sorry,Mr. Lydecker,it's not being handled. It can't be handled. Your son lives to kill,and he will kill again. And now that there's no Detective AuerbacMEhDI cleaning up after him,he will be caught. You're aware of that,right? He was paying a detective to cover his tracks. Detective Auerbach... used to work for me. He provided security for company parties,for events. And after Justin started getting into scuffles in nightclubs, I asked him to moonlight as Justin's bodyguard,keep him out of trouble. Are you a fan of irony,Mrs. Dubois? Mr. Lydecker,I appreciate your pain. But there's really only one thing to do. Justin has to surrender to the district attorney. I know the district attorney. I will go down there with your son. I will make sure that he is treated fairly. Well,that is a very generous offer. And it's one that I would give serious consideration to if my son were still in this country. What are you talking about? Justin is in a safe place. He's in the care of a physician that I trust. He's begun a course of therapy to treat Justin's condition. Therapy? There is no therapy. Are you aware of chemical castration? It's proven very effective in the treatment of child molesters,serial rapists. His doctor is highly optimistic. What about his victims? There are four dead women he has to account for. The families of those women deserve justice. Yes. And they'll get it. A kind of justice,anyway. I've begun making anonymous donations to their families, and they'll be extremely well compensated. Mrs. Dubois,believe me when I tell you this. The souls of these women will always weigh heavily on me. Allison? Please don't do anything foolish. Like your dreams,keep this conversation to yourself. Just don't give me a reason to behave in ways that will make both of us very unhappy. Well? I don't know. I'm not a lawyer. But this contract looks pretty ironclad to me. I think that the only thing to do is to hire an attorney. Even then I'm not holding out a lot of hope. I don't understand. How can they control who I talk to? I mean,as long as it's not a competitor... No,Allison... Well,the way that I read that thing,I'm not even supposed to be having this conversation with you. Okay,be that as it may,if Junior really is under a doctor's care in some foreign country, then the immediate danger is gone. There's really not all that much to talk to Devalos about. And as for getting you out of there,getting you out of your contract, I mean,I think that the only thing to do is to start looking for an attorney in the morning. I'm psychic. Why didn't I see this coming? - How could I have been so stupid? - Don't do that. You took the job for all the right reasons. And don't forget,you had a lot of help. I encouraged you. I pushed you to take it. Come on. Let's just get some rest. For one thing,we got Ariel's doctors appointment in the morning. For another,maybe it will give us some clarity. Maybe things will look a lot better in the morning. I'm not nearly as convinced of that as you are. How you feeling? Like somebody drugged me and flew me to a foreign country and locked me in my room without TV. Well,I am trying to save your life. You're trying to save your business. Daddy,you're trying to save your reputation. It's not good for the stock prices if people read that the CEO's son likes to julienne pretty young girls and take their eyes as souvenirs. Probably would have made for a contentious stockholders' meeting as well. Justin,do you not understand? They are hours away from arresting you. You have any idea what prison would be like for someone like you? Okay. All right. You just... you just keep clinging to your pose and I'll keep willing you into accepting the second chance that I am giving you,whether you want it or not. - You pathetic slug. - You're such an ass. Please. Please. I can't breathe. I can't... What? He wants to live? How human of him. You understand about these treatments? ******** Now. In front of me. The nurse says we're next. - Do you hear me? - What? We're next. - You all right? - Yeah. I'm fine. Just something with my new job. Something I have to tell my-my boss. Or my boss's boss. I tried to call,but couldn't get a hold of anyone this morning. I'm okay here if you want to step outside and use your cell. No. No,I'm fine. I'm fine. You want to just go? What do you mean? Leave? Honey,what are you talking about? You waited a long time for this appointment. What about your test and your studying? Ariel,it's going to be all right. This doctor knows me. I think he's going to understand. Ariel Dubois? Diane? Are you out there? Why is someone knocking on my door? Whoever you are,go away. This is my serenity time. I've been trying to get to you all day. Sorry. I've been in meetings. On conference calls. Mr. Lydecker's out of the country,so... Justin isn't taking his medication. And you know this because... Because I dreamt it last night. He's pretending. He really doesn't want to get better. That's not possible. His father is with him. He's supervising the treatment himself. He's putting on an act. As soon as Mr. Lydecker leaves the room,Justin throws his medication in the toilet. Can you get me Mr. Lydecker,please? You know where he is,right? Tell him it's urgent. - Allison? - Yeah,I'm afraid so. How do you do that? How do you know the exact moment when everything from spaghetti night is all cleaned up and it's safe to come home,huh? Very not funny. Bridgette and Marie asleep? Yes. Just barely. You ever get to Lydecker? No. We just kept calling and calling. Finally,Caitlyn told me just to come home. That she'd keep trying till she got him. I just wish I knew where they were stashing Justin. I swear to God,I would pick up the phone and tell Devalos everything I know. See if maybe he could make some kind of arrangement with the authorities and bring him back here. Hey,did you happen to pick up that medication for Ariel? Yes,indeed. All $97 worth of it. Now the challenge is going to be getting her to take it. What are you talking about? So,what's changed? A week ago,all you could think about was getting those pills. I know. You and Dad must think I'm crazy. There's this substitute teacher at my school,Miss Snowden. And when I see her sometimes,it's like someone's hurt her. She's all bloody and cut up and... She's not really. Not yet,but it's like she's going to be. So,is there's something we should do? Someone I should talk to? I'm afraid that if I take these pills, Stacey Anne won't be able to show me what I need to know. You know that the PSATs are the day after tomorrow? I know. And I know that these pills will make everything I'm seeing go away. And I'll be able to concentrate. But if something happens to Miss Snowden... something that I could have prevented... So,you think you could hang onto these for a while for me? Sure,honey. What kind of a fool do you take me for? It's time you take your medicine. All right,that's right,that's all right. You just go ahead,you scream all you want! You just scream all you want. I sent the guards away. It's just you and me. I'm going nowhere until these pills are in your gullet! Okay,come on. Open up! Swallow! Swallow,swallow,here we go. Open up,open,open. Swallow! Swallow. Swallow. Swallow,swallow! Isn't this fantastic? Go ahead. Pick an artery,Pop. Which one you want me to start with? How about the carotid? That's always a winner for me. - Hello? - Allison? It's Caitlyn. Caitlyn,I've been trying to reach you all night. I know. I've been on a plane. I just landed. I got your messages. Allison,do you have a passport? What? Yeah. W - Wait a second. There's something I need to tell you. I had another dream about Justin and his father. Please,Allison. I think I already know. I just... I'm sending a car to your house. It'll bring you to the Phoenix airport. The Lydecker hangar. There will be a plane waiting. It'll bring you here to me. So we can talk. W - Where am I going? I'd really rather not say. Wait,Caitlyn,no. I - I'm a mother. I - I have three children,a husband. I'm not getting on a plane without them all knowing where I'm going. Mexico City. The plane will land in Mexico City. A car will be waiting to bring you to me. Allison... what's happened here is horrible. I really need you. ****** Allison,thank you for coming. I wanted to fill you in on what's happened here. But I already know what happened here. No,I don't think that you do. Apparently,a radical terrorist faction, was able to infiltrate Mr. Lydecker's security force here at his vacation compound. They slaughtered him,Allison. Douglas Lydecker was butchered by zealous anti-capitalists determined to create chaos in the Western World and its financial markets. Really? And did they carve his eyes out? Why are you protecting him? Why are you protecting this monster? It's not about him. It's about Lydecker Industries and the tens of thousands of people who work there and the hundreds of thousands of people who own stock. Allison,public appetites,public perceptions-- those are the things that I know a lot about. You tell the world that the son killed the father and you've sullied the Lydecker name forever. That is the kind of scanda l that will destroy the company. Kill sales,crater the stock price. But you tell the world that this was the work of terrorists? Well,you can't buy the public sympathy and goodwill that will engender. People will rally around the company. They'll feel that it's their duty to do so. And what about Justin? He's still out there. What's to say he won't kill again? I am taking care of it. I'm going to find Justin and I will deal with him in a way that doesn't hurt the company or either of us. Us? What do you mean,us? Us. You and me. All of our fates are tied to Justin at this point. We have all helped to cover his crimes. If Justin is ever implicated in this murder, I have no doubt that he will happily detail everything we've done to help him elude the authorities. So,I suggest you wipe that disapproving look off your face and get on board. We're in this together,Allison. And the sooner you realize that,the better. I love you. Young lady. First row? Eyes front. I think that you really need to go now,Garrett. No. Please. I love you. I don't understand. Doesn't that mean anything to you? Garrett,don't do this. I am as low as I can possibly be. Not that it matters to you but this... This girl that I was tutoring privately for the PSATs, she died in a car accident a couple weeks ago. Drowned. Today was the memorial and... No,I just... I need to be by myself. I need to not be worrying about you. I need you to go. Please don't make me call somebody. I'm sorry about the girl. But I'm staying here. I'm sleeping here. Put it down. - Put it down. - Go. Don't forget to get a good night's sleep,folks. Tomorrow's the big day. - Miss Snowden? - Yes? Do you know somebody named Garrett? I- I'm sorry. Wh-What is your name? Young lady,I'm talking to you. You seem to know some things about me and I'd like to know how and I'd like to know your name. Sir? Allison. What are you doing here? Douglas Lydecker's son? I know I should've told you sooner. I debated with myself all the way home on the plane and then I landed, I called Joe,he told me to drive right over here from the airport. I'm so sorry. You did what you had to do to protect your family. I understand that. You were being threatened by Douglas Lydecker. That's a formidable threat. He might still be alive today if I just ignored him and came right to you. So,what happens now? I really don't know. If the Lydecker boy is truly at large in a foreign country, the first step would be to try to extradite him. And that's almost impossible to do without concrete physical evidence. You can't do anything? Not at the moment. I may talk to Justice,ask some friends of mine there to take a second and third look at this terrorist thing with an especially jaundiced eye,but... What? I've been quaking in anticipation of this conversation. Douglas Lydecker convinced me that the second that I even uttered his son's name to you, the earth was just gonna open up and swallow me and my family whole. But... nothing is different now that we had this conversation. Nothing. Nothing's gonna happen. Except I know that Justin Lydecker is gonna kill again. All of us here at the Lydecker Corporation are obviously still reeling with the news of the death of our founder and CEO,Douglas Lydecker. But I want to reassure all of our investors, our customers and our employees around the globe that our business operations will continue without interruption. I believe to do anything less would be to suggest that the savagery that ended this great industrial titan's life was somehow effective and that our founder's belief in the power of ideas to create worthwhile products and meaningful employment was somehow misplaced. Of course,nothing could be further from the truth. Thank you. And that was the scene at a hastily called press conference in Mexico today where Caitlyn... Well,I'm glad somebody's happy about all this. Devalos actually said there was nothing he could do? Well,he needs evidence. He needs Justin to come back to America. The first he doesn't have and the second... is never gonna happen. So,he's right,there's nothing to do. Except of course,for me to find a lawyer to get me out of this Lydecker contract. But,hey... that's why God invented tomorrow. Can I talk to you for a second? I didn't know what to do. But I just didn't believe that he would hurt her. Not kill her,anyways. And I just... I left. I ran away. I mean,she doesn't know my name or anything and she's just a substitute,but I feel like an idiot. I don't know how I'm gonna go in that classroom tomorrow and take that test with her standing there. You think maybe that was the point? You think maybe Stacey Anne just wanted to play a big joke on me? Try and get me to embarrass myself with the teacher who was gonna proctor the test? I have no idea,honey,but you are gonna walk in that classroom. You are gonna take that test. Obviously,I'll just be mortified. I'll just slink in with my head down and sit in the back and hope that somehow she doesn't notice me,doesn't say anything. What are you saying? That you might want to take one of those pills? No,I don't think so. I think the worst is over. I think Stacey Anne is done with me. I think that the hardest part's gonna be walking through the door. Go ahead. Pick an artery,Pop. Which one do you want me to start with? How about the carotid,huh? That's always a winner for me. Diane,are you out there? Why is someone knocking on my door? - She knew. - What? Caitlyn knew Justin was gonna kill his father. She knew it before I did,but she didn't do anything to stop it. You knew. What? No,"It's good to have you back"? No,"How was your flight?" Just,"You knew." So,what did I know,Allison? What is it that you think that I knew? That Justin was gonna kill his father. When I came here that day to tell you he wasn't taking his medication,you already knew. You had dreamt it. You-you... you just let it happen. That is quite an accusation. So what? Now-now you're just running the place? Well,temporarily. Ultimately,that will be up to the board. But presuming I do a good job... Allison,this will be good for you,too. I understand better than most what a valuable asset you can be. I understand what a real value you are to a company like ours. You let Mr. Lydecker die. I saw it,Caitlyn. I am onto you,and I'm not gonna let you get away with it. Get away with what exactly? I mean,even if you were accurate about any of this, you still haven't suggested that I actually did anything,have you? I mean,all that might have happened was maybe I had a dream and didn't tell anyone. That's what you're saying,right? That's not a crime. Now I need to freshen up. Have a little contemplation time. Oh,I was thinking in maybe about an hour,we'll have a little meeting, you,me,some of the division leaders. I have some big plans I'm gonna lay out. Do you even know where he is? Justin? He is dangerous! You told me you were gonna do something about him. No. Actually,I have no idea. That's part of what I was counting on you for. Allison,you seem to have a special dream connection with him. Caitlyn,you're 11:00 is here. Allison,I need you to go. I need to get on with my day. Oh,Allison,remember,you're still under contract here. And I expect you to honor the same level of confidentiality that existed before Mr. Lydecker passed on... or face the same consequences. Please take a moment to complete the personal information in section A. Take one test booklet and pass the rest to the person behind you. And your 25 minutes begins now. Eyes front,no talking. Julie,come on! Open the door! I know you're in there. It's Wednesday,10:30. It's a school night. Don't pretend you can't hear me. I still got my key. I'm coming in,okay? Julie? Julie? It's Garrett. I'm coming in,okay? Julie? Hey,you okay? It's okay,honey. Look... They said that you could take that test again in a couple months. Look,I know you're disappointed. I know you put a lot of pressure on yourself. And maybe next time we should rethink this pill thing. I mean,if... if that's what makes it easier for you to deal with these situations... Someone's gonna take her eyes. What? Miss Snowden...on a Wednesday,around 10:30, someone's gonna come into her house and cut her up and take her eyes. Diane,can you make my 11:00 a lunch meeting? I want to go down to R&D in the morning. - Yes,of course. - Thank you. Justin Lydecker,son of recently deceased billionaire Douglas Lydecker, was arrested earlier this evening in connection with a grisly string of murders in the Phoenix area. We're told the case broke when Justin Lydecker was caught breaking into and entering an apartment of a local teacher. The authorities have confirmed that Lydecker had numerous surgical knives in his possession at the time of the arrest. The police are also said to be investigating a theory that the young man may actually have been responsible for his father's death - in Mexico City earlier this week, - Oh,my God. - a murder that was initially... - Ms.Lynch? Not now. I'm sorry,but Allison Dubois is here. She has the district attorney with her. Come in. Have a seat. Thank you,but that's okay. We won't be staying that long. I see that you already know about the arrest of Justin Lydecker. Yes,I'm-I'm shocked. I knew he was troubled,but I had no idea... Stop,Caitlyn. Just stop. He knows everything. Justin-- at the request of his counsel-- became quite talkative when I took the death penalty off the table. He shared some very interesting information about you. Apparently,you knew all about his intentions towards his father. Said he discussed it with you at length. That you had tipped him off in advance that his father planned to transport him to Mexico and that you even suggested that that might be the perfect place for him to kill his father. That you knew you could pay off the right officials to make it look like an act of terror. Let me make sure I understand. You're accusing me of some sort of crime based on the word of an admitted serial killer? Well,if that's all you have,I'm quite confident that my attorney's will make short work of these accusations. Actually,our case doesn't hinge on Justin's word as much as on the combined contents of his voice mail inbox here at Lydecker, his personal cell phone text-message records and the testimony of some of the officials that you paid off in Mexico. So do you want to take a moment to make that phone call to your attorneys now or would you prefer to wait till we get downtown? I'd prefer to make that call now,if you don't mind. Not a problem. Mrs. Dubois and I will wait outside. Oh,Allison. I'm sure you'll understand that after I get off the phone with my attorneys, I'll be calling Human Resources and instructing them to terminate your contract, retrieve you car,collect any keys,computer data,documents, any items of clothing that might have been purchased with corporate funds. I'll also be sending someone to your house to retrieve any property that might have been purchased with corporate dollars. ******** *********** and I'm grateful. -=http://sfile.ydy.com=-