I got a $65 ticket. Yeah, I probably should fight it, But I mean, come on, who has time To take a half day off and go to traffic court? all right, well, I got to take a shower, so... We're still on for tonight, though, right? Okay. Yep, I will see you then. Bye. Well... Looks like it's your lucky day, jinx. I am all out of dry food. Oh. Hello? Naomi? Uh, no, I'm sorry, this is gretchen. Oh. I'm sorry. Is naomi there? Uh, no, there's no one named naomi here, So, um, I think you have the wrong number. Really? No, she has to be. She waited on me the other night, And we kind of hit it off. This is the number she gave me. Yeah, well, I'm sorry to be the one to break it to you, But I think maybe this naomi, whoever she is, She might not want to actually talk to you, So... Sorry. Bye. All right, jinx, chow time. Hop to it. Lazy dog. Hello? Okay, here's the thing. I know naomi's there, So stop playing around and let me talk to her. Wow, you've really got a problem. Now, listen to me, okay? There is no naomi here, There are no waitresses that live here, And there is no one here that wants to talk to you. Yes, there is... Hey. Up and at 'em. Oh, my god. Jinx? Oh, my god... Hello? Tell that bitch naomi to come to the phone. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. Stop calling me, okay? I can't deal with you right now. I have an emergency. A dead dog is not an emergency. Who is this? Okay... I'm gonna go get your... Your pen, A-and I'm taking you to the vet. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com When you're finished, bring your plates to the sink. It's almost 8:00. We got to get a move on. Dad? Yeah? Wh-why are you dressed like that? I mean, aren't you going to work today? Uh, yes, I am. I'm meeting my boss for lunch, And he's kind of a laid-back, casual kind of guy, so... So you decided to dress sloppy? Does, uh, Does mom know you're dressed that way? Mom is not here. Mom went to work early. And besides, she's your mom, she's not mine. I decide what is appropriate for me to wear to work. Well, it, um, It just seems strange. Yes, it is strange. This guy never has lunch with anyone, And suddenly he shoots me an e-mail Saying he wants to eat with me today. I know where he likes to go. It's just this little hole in the wall, so... Maybe I'm overthinking it. Y-you're the one who's always telling us To "be yourself." Well, come on, this is me. This is just more of a-a weekend kind of me. Uh... You know what? I'm gonna change. Naomi clark Has been missing for five days now. Isn't it safe to assume she's already been murdered? Absolutely not. Miss clarke is still classified as a missing person. But the three other victims were all dead Within five days of being abducted. That's true, that has been the pattern thus far, But that doesn't mean it's a foregone conclusion. Naomi clarke's family is holding out hope That she's still alive, and so am I. Other than that, I don't have much new to report. The mayor is doubling the size of the task force, Uh, devoted to finding the killer, And we are aggressively pursuing Each and every lead as it comes in. So what do you make of his name, "the penny jar killer"? You know, 'cause he leaves the body of his last victim Inside the home of his next victim? "take a penny, leave a penny." cute, right? The man slaughters innocent women. There's nothing cute about him. Now, if you'll excuse me. yeah, that's her, naomi clarke. The killer left her body In what I can only guess is the next victim's house. She was hanging in the closet. She was bound by electrical tape. She was still wearing her waitress uniform. It had a name tag that said "naomi." And you got a good look at this next victim? I know her first name's gretchen. Oh, uh, and in the... In the dream, She-she'd gotten a parking ticket. For parking on the wrong side of the street for street-cleaning. It was Tuesday. Today's a Tuesday. Traffic ticket-- I might be able to do something with that. Traffic police use handheld computers To give out tickets now. They go right on to the system. I'll get someone to monitor it. Soon as we hear that a car Registered to a woman named gretchen gets a ticket, We should be able to find out where she lives. * * Keith! Hi. Joe. Hey. I appreciate this. No, listen, got to eat lunch. I just, uh, you didn't mention in your e-mail Why you wanted to get together, so I, uh, I just... I didn't quite know if I was supposed to prepare something... It's not about your performance review Or anything like that. I mean, I'm very aware that that's tomorrow. So you can put your mind at ease. It has nothing to do with that. In fact, I'd go as far as to say That you have nothing to worry about in that regard. Oh. Hi there. Oh, that's okay, I'll just have what I always have. Oh, I'll just have what he's having. Sure you want to do that? Sure. Sure I'm sure. I'll tell you why I e-mailed you. The truth is... I need a favor. Oh, sure, keith, no problem. What can I do for you? Well, when I think of you, As opposed to anybody else I work with, Any of the other engineers, I think of you as someone who is very... Regular. Regular? Yeah. Regular, you know? Like, not strange. Pretty normal, right? Y-you're married, you have a family, You have some kids. Yeah, I'm-I'm... I'm pretty regular. Good. Because I'd like to share something with you That I haven't shared with anybody else I work with. Okay. There you go. What's this? That is my novel. It's on that drive. I want you to read it, And I want you to be brutally honest with me. Your novel? Yeah. I started writing it when... When did the first lord of the rings movie come out?</i> Uh... Here's your chocolate milk. And here's your chocolate milk. Your entrees will be right out. Great. Great. Great. Thank you. Okay, turns out there was a girl named gretchen, And she did get a parking ticket. Gretchen morgan got a parking ticket at 11:25 this morning. I'm on my way over to her place now. You want come in my car, or you want to follow? Wait a second, you're telling me that that man, The penny jar killer, you think he's after me? Well, again, we're responding to an anonymous tip. Um, it may turn out To be nothing once we take a look around. Lee. Oh. Excuse me for one second. What about your dog? Excuse me? You have a dog, don't you? Jinxy, wake up. Baby. Oh, my god. Hey, lee. Lee. You see that kid over there, he's got black work gloves? Got the same kind of tape That I saw covering naomi's mouth. Sir, police. You mind if I ask you a couple of questions? Name's jeremy kiernan. Couple of priors for drug possession; One conviction for harassment. Harassment? Legalese for "stalking." 22-year-old girl-- 30 days plus probation. So you think this is him? You think this is the penny jar killer? Well, it's sure starting to look that way. Electrician's assistant lived about A mile away from gretchen's house. His job took him close to the homes of the other victims. We may have a match. I got people scouring his apartment and his car. He's got to be hiding the body of that other girl, The, uh, the waitress somewhere. Plus, you don't turn tail and run from the cops If you don't have something to hide. I'm gonna go call manny, give him an update. But, uh, thanks for the "anonymous tip." Mm-hmm. I wasn't running because of that. I'm sorry? I wasn't running because I killed someone. I would never kill anybody. I heard what that guy said. A long time ago, There was a girl. I liked her more than she liked me. You want to call that stalking. But following someone, calling them on the phone too much, That's not murder. Okay. So why did you run then? I had a joint in my pocket. Would've been my third strike. You would've run, too. Okay, then explain the gloves. Explain the electrical tape. I'm an electrician. Okay, well, I believe that, but the rest of this... So... What can I do to convince you? Sorry. I startle you? I just don't get it. Why wouldn't he admit it? Tell me where the girl's body is? What's the point in denying everything? He's dead. Well, he just got hit by a car. That can have a way of clouding your thinking. Plus, he's a murderer. I mean, I haven't actually read the rule book, But my guess is that the number one rule at serial killer club Is that if somebody asks you if you are one, say no. Actually, I wish I was reading The serial killer club rule book. It's that bad? I'm, I mean, I'm just a hundred pages in, But, I mean, maybe it'll pick up, but... This thing sucks like a hoover. I should be grateful. At least he gave it to me The day before my performance review. I mean, he can't expect me to read this thing in one night. It's over 900 pages. Hello. Hey, it's lee. Sorry to bug you at home, but, uh, I got some bad news. When we left gretchen morgan's place today, She was pretty shaken up. She had a friend come spend the night with her. He went out to grab some takeout, And when he came back, she was gone. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. And when we opened up the closet, We found naomi clarke. Looks like we were wrong, allison. Unless this guy got up off that morgue slab And strung this girl up by her wrists, Jeremy kiernan was not the penny jar killer. It's not my fault. I didn't make a peep. It's your brain; I can hear it whirring. I can't help it, it is whirring. I just feel terrible. That man is dead. He'd be alive if I hadn't pointed him out to the police. Okay. Maybe. We can't be sure. Can't we? No. You're not god. At least not last time I looked. I don't even want to think about what that would make me. Okay, not funny. You're joking and I feel like I've got this man's blood on my hands. You don't. You didn't put that joint in his pocket. You didn't make him run. Maybe not. Still, some job I did today. * imagine me and you, I do * * I think about you day and night * * it's only right * * to think about the girl you love * * and hold her tight * * so happy together * * if I should call you up, invest a dime * * and you say you belong to me and ease my mind * * imagine how the world could be, so very fine * * so happy together * * I can't see me loving nobody but you * * for all my life * * when you're with me, baby * * the skies will be blue for all my life * * me and you and you and me * * no matter how they tossed the dice, it had to be * * the only one for me is you and you for me * * so happy together * * me and you... * She's amazing, isn't she? I hate being dead. Jeremy... What are you doing here? Well, seeing as how I'm not a serial killer, And now you know I'm not a serial killer, And seeing as how you and your friends kind of, You know, killed me today, And seeing as how you're the only one who can see me, I was hoping we could talk about something. Not here. You want me to talk to your girlfriend?</i> I need her to know that... I love her. And I need her to know about you. About me? I need her to know that Even though it feels like I'm gone, I'm still here. I can still help her. 'cause I can see her and you can see me, So I can still be there for her. I can help her do the things she needs to do. Wait a second. Let's just take me out of this for a second. I don't think those kinds of things... Can be said. Those are the kinds of things that need to be felt. And the truth is, once her pain subsides, She will feel them. So you won't do it? I don't think it's smart. No. I mean, and the truth is, once your pain subsides, You're not gonna want to hang around here. You're gonna want to move on To wherever it is that you're supposed to go. You don't get it. Our love is different. Our love is forever. I know that you believe that. I'm not saying that's not true. And you got to know that I feel horrible About everything that has happened to you. But I just can't do it. I just, I can't do something that I know Is gonna cause a lot of heartache down the line. I just can't do it. So what about that penny jar guy? What? What about him? I can see everything from here. I'm pretty sure, if I put my mind to it, I could find out who he is for you. And I'd be willing to do that. I'd be willing to help you. But I need you to be willing to help me. Oh, uh, hey, brian, can you give us a couple of minutes? Absolutely. So? So? What'd you think? The book? Uh, well, I mean, I'm only about A hundred and so pages into it, so... Wow. Okay. So you were able to put it down? Well, I'm not saying it was easy. No. But, you know, like you said yesterday, I'm kind of a regular guy, so, you know, I got kids To put to bed, I got a wife I got To spend some time with. Yeah, no, no. Of course, of course. So what'd you think? From what I've read? You really want that? Wouldn't you rather wait till I finish the whole thing Before I give you an opinion? Uh, no. I mean, is there some rule that says you can't give me An opinion now and then another opinion when you're finished? No. No, I s-suppose not. So... So, uh... Yeah, so... I think it's-it's interesting. That's it? Just interesting? No, it's not just interesting. I think you made some brave choices. Thank you. Look, I-I know that this is really awkward for you, But I want you to be honest with me. I am, I am. I'm being honest. No, I know you're being honest. If I forced you, if I, if I made you say something negative... You want something negative? There's-there's got to be something. Right? You know, you put it down, so... I know this is hard. I just... Well, it is hard. You know, I'm not, I'm not having A negative experience, uh, so far. So I don't know if I'm comfortable being negative. You're not being negative. You know, I'm-I'm asking you to be constructive. Right? Can you give me, uh, a word? Like, one word. An-an adjective, a negative adjective. Can-can you do that? I don't know. Yeah, you can. Just-just think. I don't know. I don't know. Uh, maybe... Diffuse? Diffuse? What the hell does that mean? Diffuse, uh, well, let me see-- diffuse-- It means kind, like, all over the place. I know what it means. Well, you know, that's not necessarily a bad thing. Diffuse. Again, I'm only a hundred pages in. So you know, I think I need time to... Well, I want to see how the whole thing Comes together, you know. That's why I really didn't want to say anything yet. Diffuse. Okay, well, I got her favorite band. Got her favorite flowers. And got a fistful of articles about myself. Yeah, and if all that fails, just remember-- Tell her to look in the hatbox in the closet. Hatbox? Right. Can I help you? Mandy, hi. My name is allison dubois. I'm a friend of... I was a friend of jeremy's. I just want to tell you how sorry I am. Okay. Thank you. I'm sorry, he never mentioned you. Oh, no, he wouldn't have. We didn't actually meet till yesterday. I work for the district attorney's office. And I was investigating the penny jar killer. Oh. God, you were there. Did you see it happen? I was, and I did. He wanted me to give you these. He said they're your favorite flower. He said that? After the car hit him. I didn't realize. I guess I wanted to believe it happened quickly-- That he didn't suffer. Oh, no, he didn't. It happened quickly. Um, he-he also wanted me to give you these. Sorry, what are these? Some-- some articles about me, about how I-- How sometimes I see the dead. How I can communicate with the dead. Okay, this is unspeakably cruel. He thought that you might react like that. That's why he said those are your favorite flowers, This is your favorite band... Right. Look, I have a funeral to prepare. People to call, arrangements to make. So I'm going to go back in the house now, Shut the door and ask you to leave my property. He wants you to know that he's watching you, And that he loves you And if there's anything you ever need to say to him, You can say it through me. Look, I hear you, but just so you know, If I have anything to say to him, I'm going to say it to him In my own way and my own time, thank you very much. Oh, wait, wait. The hatbox, he wants you to look in the hatbox in the closet. He wants you to look in there... Al, what do you think? Al? Yeah, I think it, um, looks good. I think it's fine. Well, it's my performance review, So I was kind of hoping for better than fine. You're gonna do great. Look, he's told you already That you don't have anything to worry about. Yeah, that was before I let him down By not reading his entire 90 0-page opus in one night And declaring it a work of genius. One thing has nothing to do with the other. Take it from someone who knows nothing has Anything to do with anything. Come on, al. What did you expect? The man just died. The woman just lost her boyfriend. I know, I know, I know. It's just-- he said " you do this and I'll do that." So I did this. He just disappeared, And I haven't seen him or heard from him since. Hello? Where am I? Anybody here? Can you help me? I don't feel well, and I don't know where I am. Please. Hey... Hey wake up. Oh, good, you're awake. We need to talk. Jeremy, I didn't think I was going to see you again. Did you do that on purpose? Did I just do what on purpose? I was having a dream, And in it I was just about to see the face Of the penny jar killer. But right before it happened, you woke me up. Oh, I'm sorry. I had no idea. But, look, I don't think it matters. I mean, that's what I'm here for. I found out who the guy is. So he really does exist. Shane malinowski? He sure does. Soon as I punched his name into the system, The printer went into overdrive. Look at this guy's record. He's the poster child for social deviants. Like an accident waiting to happen. And you're confident this is the man we're looking for? The late jeremy kiernan is confident. He's the one who gave me his name. And he is in a place to know. He also told me That malinowski spent his mornings in humboldt park. That's where he scouted for his victims. Sounds like we should put an apb out on this guy. Get some men over to humboldt park, Take a look around for him. Mandy? How did you know? Know what? It was in the hatbox. He must have been planning to propose. How does it work? Is he here, now? Please. No, no, I'm sorry, he's not. I'm sorry for the way that I treated you yesterday. I mean, that's really what I came here to say. I was hoping he'd be here. Hoping you could tell him about some decisions I've made. I can do that. I've decided to leave phoenix. It's just-- it's too hard. I mean, I came here because of jeremy. And I see him everywhere. I feel him everywhere. It's wrong to be here without him. So I have some loose ends to tie up, house and all. But as soon as I can, I'm going to head back east And try living with my mom for a while. I'm sure that jeremy would understand that. Yeah. When you see him-- tell him "thank you." And tell him, thanks to you, I know what I have to do now. Tell him that I would have said "yes." I'm sure he knows that. But I will let him know. Come on in. Nothing to be afraid of. Just your run-of-th e-mill performance review. I'm sure you've been through these before. It's kind of nice, your supervisor being here. Taking a personal interest in your career. Here we go. Dubois. Joseph. I have to say, joe, we, uh, we were all very excited When you came on board here. Although, according to this, You've been having some trouble adjusting. Uh, trouble adjusting? Well, I'm sorry to say, The evaluations I received from your supervisor, Reflect, well, a certain level of disappointment with your performance. As you can see, pretty much Straight down the line, There are issues with the clarity and focus. Excuse me? Well, let's read along here, shall we? "describe your coworker's communication skills." And what does it say there? "diffuse." "describe your coworker's ability to problem solve." "diffuse." "describe your..." Well, you get the idea. Yeah, yeah. I sure do. Remember that ring? I took it off the first girl we ever did together. You loved it so much. Kept asking what happened to it. I lied. Said it probably fell off her finger When I was fighting to get her in the van. I've been saving it for just the right moment. Guess I waited too long. That lady who came by today? She's the real deal. That's what I need you to know. That's what I need you to understand. You got to clean up our mess and get out of town. Attagirl. You got work to do. Is it done? Can I go now, please? I know you haven't had all your fun yet. Let's be smart, huh? You know what I'm talking about. You know what you have to do. Please let me go. No! You know what you're doing. Don't waste your time. You're just going to embarrass yourself. You can't prove anything. Oh, by the way, malinowski? The guy I told you murdered all those girls? He died. Froze to death in the desert two nights ago. You might want to mention that to the people you work for. You used me. Oh, I did what I had to do. How can you do that? How can you just sit there, so smug, so calm? We're going to get Your girlfriend. We are not going to let her leave town. Sure you will. What can you do? That basement? It's clean now. There's no trace of anything that happened down there. No evidence whatsoever. Oh, yeah. She'll leave town. And sure, you'll keep an eye on her For a while. Call whatever jurisdiction she ends up in. Tell them to keep an eye on her. But time goes by. There'll be other crimes. Other murders here in phoenix. And you'll forget. That's how these things go. She'll be fine. As long as she doesn't slip up. As long as she's patient. So what? She just stops? Well... I didn't say forever. I mean, when you do the things that we do, It's a tough itch to scratch once you've got it. But, like I said, mandy, She's nothing if not patient, so... She'll wait. Wait for the right time. The right situation. A signal from me, maybe. And I'll be patient, too. Wait for her. Ain't love grand? Oh. Hi, allison. Hi, I'm so sorry to bother you. But jeremy came to see me last night. He said he had one last message. Well, what did he want you to tell me? Well, it didn't really make a lot of sense to me at the time, I mean, with you getting ready to leave and all. But he was terribly concerned About you going through all of this by yourself. I mean, getting ready for the funeral, And-and moving back east. He was-he was worried That you didn't have a friend to help you through all this. Jeremy had you take this? This morning. He said that he thought the two of you could make great friends. That she was perfect for you. I wonder what he was thinking. He said to tell you tha t-that she jogs every morning At walker park at 7:00, 7:00 in the morning. Um, oh, and he wanted you to know That if you two do become friends, That he will be watching, That he'll see everything, And that it'll bring him a lot of pleasure To know that you're not alone. Keith? Hey, keith. Can you not hear me over there? Am I being too diffuse? What are you working on? Is that company business Or more of your lord of the harry potter crap? All right. This is a private office. You can't-you can't just walk-- You owe me an apology. And I want you to write a letter to human resources Saying you didn't mean any of the things That you wrote in that report. Oh, but I meant every word of it. Of course, it's fairly early on in your employment here. I might modify my opinion in time. Just like you might modify your opinion When you finish my manuscript. When I finish your manuscript? After what you did to me? No. Are you out of your mind? No. I'm not indulging your childish behavior For one more second. That's what this is about, isn't it? That-that I'm much younger than you. Hey, you're not that much younger than me. No. I'm-I'm a lot younger than you. Well, you're certainly a lot more childish than I am. And I think that your behavior in that meeting yesterday, And in fact, your behavior from the second You gave me that screed of yours... Screed? You... Punk. Okay. All right. You're calling me a punk, then? Yeah, punk, I am. 'cause that is what you did yesterday. That was a punk move. That was not something that an adult would do. That is not something that a man would do. Oh. So now I'm not a man? I'm sorry. Could you repeat the question? 'cause I was busy trying to remember what decade it was That I last had a chocolate milk and pb and j for lunch. All right. That's it, dubois. You want a piece of me? Careful what you wish for, punk. Come on. We'll settle this old school. Like men? Yeah, like real men. I got that! Ha! Shoot him! Take that, punk. Die, old man! Are you guys ever gonna finish? We've been waiting here an hour. Hey. Didn't your parents teach you to respect your elders? Go away. Scat. This is serious. Come on. You all think that you're winning here today. You think that you're punishing me. You don't know the way things really work. I am going to go see jeremy today. And that is a reward. And we're gonna laugh. At all of you. At all of this. Everything. It's done. You tried to abduct an undercover cop. Oh, my god! Jeremy! It's really you! Yeah. It's really me. I've been waiting so long to see you. Well, actually, no, you haven't. I mean, really, mandy. I thought we could have Stretched this thing out a little bit. I didn't think it was going to end quite so fast. Are you disappointed? Well, yeah. A little bit. I mean, you did try to abduct an undercover cop. When did you get so stupid? Hmm? Seriously, what happened? Did you become a total idiot after I died? That woman, she said she had a message from you. Yeah, she lied. It was a trick. I can't believe you didn't know it was a trick. I'm sorry, okay? I wanted to believe it. I wanted to believe that you would be watching One last time. Jeremy, why are you mad? We're together now and we'll stay together. Forever. Yeah? And what are we gonna do forever, mandy? We're gonna stare at each other? Talk? I thought you liked talking to me. I thought we were perfect together. There was one thing that made us perfect for each other. And now, thanks to you, that one thing is gone. Thanks to me? Mm-hmm. I didn't get hit by a car Because I never learned to leave my dope at home. Couldn't leave it at home, 'cause, as you and I both know, It wouldn't be there when I get back. One time! One time I smoked without you. Get over it! Get over yourself. You think I don't know you also go through my wallet? Check my email, look through my cell phone? That's 'cause you go through mine. I do not! You do, too. Do not. You lie! Who you calling a liar? You, liar! Yeah? At least I'm not an idiot. Oh, shut your face! At least I don't have-- Oh, sorry. Oh, no. It's okay. I was awake already. Oh, yeah? Why's that? Did you have a bad dream? No, I had a good dream, actually. Yeah. Yeah. I think everything's going to work out. The perfect ending To a perfect relationship. Hey. Speaking of relationships, How did it go? Who's the new "king of kong"? Who beat who? Come on. Inquiring minds want to know. I don't know. I let him win a couple. Then he let me win a couple. And then we-we drank a bunch. And then we ordered some food and we talked. And then we drank some more. That's it? Uh-huh. No, actually. Uh, it turns out, he can belch on command. Hmm. It's very impressive. Uh, he likes the thing I do Where the smoke comes out of my ear. It sounds like love. Yeah. So, no more animus? No more, uh, anger? No more, "my wee-wee's bigger than your wee-wee" stuff? Please. You're talking about a couple of adults.