what a dumb word.</i> i didn't ask you to judge it.</i> I asked you to spell it. Well, that doesn't change the fact that it's a dumb word. I mean, you gotta wonder what was going on in the room The day they needed to make up that word. (chuckles) Is there really a room where they do that? There's got to be. right? Just spell it. O-n... There's more. (air horn blares twice) Thank you, mr. truck! I don't understand. What's he honking at me for? (air horn blares twice) It's a red light! I don't control it. I'll turn when it changes! (air horn blares twice) (truck engine revs, car horn blares) Ah, excellent. (both horns blare) (truck engine revving) Hey! hey! hey, what's going on? Hey. Stop! stop! (tires screeching) Ariel, do something! Stop! stop! (car horns honking) (shrieks) stop! (horn blaring) (gasps) (sighs) Talk to me. I just hate it that she can drive. Ariel? What are you talking about? she's a really good driver. I know. She doesn't take any big streets to school, does she? I don't think she can take any really big streets On the way to school. i don't think there are any really big streets</i> On the way to school. I don't think there's even a stoplight On the way to school. Come on. allison, come on. It's 4:00 in the morning. You worked late. You only got home an hour and a half ago. I'm sure it's just a really bad dream. Please. come on. go back to sleep. You're right. She couldn't go faster than 20 miles an hour Even if she wanted to. There's a stop sign on every corner. Exactly. Come on. you need some rest. we both do. It's easy for you to say. (phone rings) Hello? Man: hello. i'm looking for an allison dubois. This is allison dubois. May i ask who's calling? I'm with the phoenix pd. Are you the owner Of a 1991 volvo station wagon, dark cream? Is something the matter? Did you lend the vehicle to anyone? Is it possible it's been stolen? My daughter. my daughter has it. Why are you asking all these questions? There's been an accident. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com Ariel: mom?! They just came in the class and told me what happened. Joe: hey. I had to park three blocks away. Were you here when this happened? No. i had no idea. They just, uh, they just pulled me out of class. You folks the owners of the parked car? The wagon, yeah? The girl who was doing the driving Said she recognized your daughter from school. Oh, yeah, i've-i've seen her around. I think she's, um, a year behind me. Apparently, she has her learner's permit, So mom let her get behind the wheel to drive to school. She was driving down this street Looking for a place to pull over And a cat crossed the road. I guess she tried to hit the brake, Hit the gas instead, panicked, jerked the steering wheel, Went across the road and plowed into your car. It's pretty cut-and-dry. Nobody hurt. really about tow trucks And insurance companies at this point. Thank you. Okay, thanks. thank you. Mr. and mrs. dubois, I'm lauren portman. i'm jamie's mom. And i could not be sorrier about this. Uh, well, you know, the good news is That, you know, none of the kids were hurt, so... I'm joe dubois. This is my wife allison. this is ariel. Hi. Hi. and you're right, That is the most important thing. She's actually a good little driver. I just think, you know, being late for school And that cat... mom, it's okay. So, um, i guess this is the part Where we exchange the insurance information. Right. Of course, we are completely at fault. And i promise i will make that clear To the insurance company when i call them. My husband has his-- thanks-- His, uh, car here if you need a ride somewhere. Oh, no, we're fine. you know how it is. As long as the kids are fine, everything's fine. Okay, i'll ask. What about any of this is making you happy? What makes you think i'm happy? Look at that. You got that goofy grin on your face. You know that that car of yours is Pretty long in the tooth. I mean, i'm not even sure The insurance company is gonna want to pay us to get it fixed. They might just want to write you a check And, you know, total the thing And be done with it. Well, they have to fix it, don't they? No, not if it costs more than the car's worth. Well, it's like that lady said, As long as the kids are fine... You love that car. Yeah, i do, but you know About that horrible dream i had last night. The one where ariel and the kids were killed in the car On the way to school? so, it can't happen now. There's no car for it to happen in. Aha. Ah, capisce. mm. Well, we may be getting ahead of ourselves. We still gotta wait To hear from the body shop and the adjusters. Oh, hey, by the way, was there anything in that dream About how we're supposed to pay for whatever it is We buy to replace the car that you love But that you're now convinced is a death trap? Take that as a no. You sure you're okay with me just dropping you off At the car rental place? You don't want me to go in there with you? Oh, please, i know how to rent a car. I can rent a car. I'm not... okay. (chuckles) Sorry, ma'am, but it's after 10:00. I'm afraid your options are gonna be pretty limited. In fact, i'm showing that we have nothing. Are you serious? (chuckles) My husband just dropped me off. I've no way of getting home. You know what? Let's go out there and take a look. That's it? Kinda looks like more than i need. Rental agent: wow. i don't even see it on the manifest. Must have just come back in. You want me to clean it up? (cell phone rings) Everything okay, ma'am? I'm sorry. somebody from work. They want me to meet them. Do you know where thunderhead pass is? No, but that's okay. this guy's got a nav system. Hell, these terrains have everything in them. Do you want me to clean it up? Actually, maybe i'll just take it the way it is. (horn honking) Nice wheels. It's a rental. My car's in the shop. don't ask. Okay, i won't. I appreciate you driving out to the middle of nowhere. I'm kind of dealing with a head-scratcher here, And i suddenly thought that this might be up your alley. A big telecommunications company has cell phone towers out here. And the guy in charge of maintaining them Was driving along the access road this morning When he noticed this. Somebody set off Some kind of explosive device here last night. The question is, what for? Was it just a prank or could it have been a dress rehearsal For something to come? I was out here all morning with the forensics boys And all we found were a bunch of tiny shards. Some metal, some plastic. I was hoping you could help me figure out Whether this was just someone getting their jollies on Or if it's actually something we should be concerned about. (police radio buzzes on) Man (over radio): hq to detective scanlon. what's your 20? They always call when you're nowhere near the car. (laughs) man: one, two,</i> Three, four, five, six, Seven, eight, nine, Ten, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22. Twenty-two. (beeping) (beeping slowly) (beeping rapidly) (explosion echoes) Scanlon: you all right? Yeah, i'm fine. Well, i think i can tell you what happened here. I can't really explain it, but i can describe it. (ringing) Uh... Hello? Joe: i was just calling to see How things went at the rental place. Well, it went fine. Uh, i ended up with something a little fancier Than i'd normally go for, but it was all they had. This is kind of cool, though. I'm talking to you through the car speakers. That's actually called bluetooth, al. It's been around for years. Listen, um, I don't want to freak you out, But the buttons on the car door-- They make the windows go up and down. You're very funny. You're very comical. Actually, there's all kinds of gizmos in here, And i'm going to have to figure them out for myself. Okay. i'll call you later? Call you later. (beep) Woman (over radio): this is satellite traffic for boston. We're looking at bumper-to-bumper traf... Man: you're listening to satellite traffic for denver. Major... (woman speaking over radio in portuguese) (song plays in foreign language) (turns up volume) Man (over radio): are you sure? I mean, really sure? Like, we can call my parents, sure? Woman: i can't be positive, but i took four Of those take-home tests, and they all were. (couple laughing excitedly) Man: we're having a baby? We're having a baby. (woman laughing) (horn honking) Oh! (radio switches back to music) (turns volume up) (music cuts out, couple argues in spanish) (radio switches back to music) (music cuts out) Man (over radio): don't kill me, okay? Man 2: you need to stop crying. people can see. You need to pull yourself together. The light's green. go. (man whimpering) I'm sorry. i think it's the gun. Uh... Seeing it-it... it make... It's making me shake. I... i can barely hold the steering wheel. Look, if it's the car, i'll give it to you. (man panting) I'll... i'll just get out, And you can get behind the wheel and drive away. (man groaning) (man whimpering) That gun in my... my side... Just please don't kill me. Just don't... My god, don't kill me, okay? I beg... don't... (radio switches back to music) woman (over radio): meanwhile, in washington earlier today, Congressional leaders... Man: and, over on the hardwood... I'm telling you, i heard someone being kidnapped. It wasn't doing that this morning. This morning, i could hear other people's conversations. I could see them talking in their car, And i could hear them in here. (sighs) well, it's not doing it now. Well, i know it's not doing it now. Um, i don't know what to tell you, al. Maybe the satellite radio Was picking up cell phone signals. They weren't talking on their cell phones. They were talking to each other-- i could see them. Well, you called detective scanlon, And you described the vehicle, right? A blue pickup. Well, i think it's out of your hands, then. I think you've done all that you can. I got to head inside, al. You know, i promised that woman whose, uh, Daughter ran into your car that i'd call her The moment that we heard from her insurance company. Um, you're welcome to come with me. Or, if you'd rather just listen to what we have to say, You could always just turn on your car radio. Jerk. woman: good morning.</i> How may i help you today? Man: i need you to give me all of your money. Please, i don't have a lot of time. I need you to fill these two bags. I'm sorry-- i know i'm scaring you-- But i need you to do exactly as i tell you, Or everyone in this bank is going to die. (gasps) you've reached the cell phone of detective lee scanlon.</i> if this is an emergency, dial 911.</i> If not, leave a message after the beep. (beep) Hey, lee, it's allison again. Look, i've been trying to get a hold of you Since 4:00 in the morning. I'm on my way to the office. Can you give me a call when you get this? (electronic chiming) uh, uh... Uh, lee, um, i think i'm getting another call. Uh, if i lose you, i'm sorry. I'm just kind of new to this. (beep) hello? Allison, it's lee. You been trying to get a hold of me? Uh, yeah, i... i have. Look, i had a dream last night about a... a bank robbery. Well, then, you just may be batting two for two. What are you talking about? I'm standing outside the main branch of mariposa national. Some guy walked in here 45 minutes ago And tried to rob the place. Teller hit the silent alarm. We think he's got 18 hostages in there, and of course, We've got every cop in phoenix out here. But here's the part i thought you'd like. Turns out our bank robber showed up in a blue pickup truck. Lee, he's got a bomb. Whoa, whoa, whoa. say that again. A bomb. He's wearing a bomb. You have to get everyone out of that bank. You've got to get someone from the bomb squad over there. Okay, i'm on it. (siren wailing, helicopter blades whirring) Lieutenant wilkes, this is that woman I was telling you about. Allison, this is patrick wilkes, The best bomb man in the southwest. So, you've seen it? The bomb? I think so. yeah. It... it was strapped to his body, kind of like a vest. And it had, uh, all those padlocks on it. You see any wires? Wires? lots of wires. And, uh, there were bricks-- like clay. And for what it's worth, he seemed genuinely scared. Almost as if he... he didn't want to be there. Almost as if, uh, it wasn't his idea. What? The bank robber's been on the phone With the hostage negotiator. He claims someone forced him to do what he's doing. Says a guy in a ski mask climbed into his truck yesterday And held him at gunpoint. Made him drive to some kind of trailer workshop, Where he and another man locked this bomb-- Which i guess is this vest thing You're talking about-- onto his body. Well, i think he's telling the truth. And that explosion in the desert-- I think it's all part of this. It must have been a test. Whoever strapped that bomb to that poor man... He must have been practicing. Apparently, it's a remote control rig. He's telling the hostage negotiators, If we don't let him walk out of there, If he hasn't delivered the money to the guy who abducted him Within the next half hour, The whole place is going to blow. You have to let him go. All-all those people in there. Actually, he's letting them out. The hostage negotiator convinced him that patrick here Could defuse that rig he's wearing, But that we had to get all the people out first. Is that true? can you do that? Been doing it 15 years. But the truth is, I won't know until i get a look at the thing. I'm sorry. i wish... I wish i could tell you more. No, it all helps. Really. The, uh, detective here tells me that you're a wife and a mother. (sighs) Do me a favor, then. Get out of here. As far as you can, as fast as you can. (school bell ringing) Ariel: looks like it hurts. Oh. hey. Uh, yeah, that seat belt Really dug into me yesterday. Thought this shirt covered it up more, but... Um, i'm jamie. Ariel. I'm... i'm sorry about yesterday. I... it's really embarrassing And upsetting And... you know, at this point, it's... It's just an inconvenience. Yeah, but, i mean, your parents were so nice. Do you  want to, you know, borrow this? To cover the, uh... oh. Sure. thank you. yeah. (chuckles) Oh, no, no. What did i just do? Jamie, are you all right? Yeah. yeah, i'm all right. I'm a little sore, but i'm all right. Listen to me. we've got to get out of the car Right now before anyone gets here. And when people do get here, you've got to tell them That you were driving. you understand? What? no. why? Sweetie, my record's not perfect. If the police find out that i was driving, They'd... they'll give me tests. Oh, i love you, baby. Um... Can i ask you a question? If you were driving yesterday morning, Then how come your seat belt bruises Are on your right shoulder? I mean, if you were driving, they would be on your left. You weren't driving, were you? Look, we already said the accident was our fault, So what does it matter who was driving? The insurance is going to pay for it. (school bell ringing) I... i guess we got to go. (sighs) Thanks for the scarf. Yeah. male newscaster: once again, we're told the bomb squad</i> Is on the scene at the mariposa national bank. And that an expert of some kind Has been in the bank for ten minutes now, But beyond that, officials are being tight-lipped. We can tell you, if you're driving in that area, Traffic is at a virtual standstill. In sports, the national hockey league featured a... Man (over radio): oh, god, god, god, god. Wilkes: i need you to stop doing that. And i need you to stop shaking. Okay. (horn honking) I think i've got this wiring system clocked. Okay. (beeping) Wait, what is that? why is it doing that? It's just acting up 'cause i'm monkeying with it. Doesn't mean it's going to explode. How do you know that? You-you can't be sure. Yeah, actually, i can. I've disarmed systems a lot more complicated Than this one. Timer's still got about ten minutes left on it. Trust me-- it's not even going to be close. Now, listen. This wire i'm looking at right here? yeah. The yellow one? mm-hmm. I'm going to cut it now. Iafter i cut it, we'll be in the clear. You ready? Just do it. Okay. Here we go. (snipping) Is that it? Did... did it work? Can you... can you get this thing off me now? Cut these locks off. (rapid beeping) Wait a second. What is that? is that... wait. Hey. is it supposed to be doing that? (booming) All right. Lieutenant wilkes is going to be okay. Apparently, there was some sort of delay After the bomb armed itself. He had a couple of seconds to run for cover. The fire department found him pinned under a desk. That desk took the brunt of the explosion. Headgear and body armor handled the rest. What about the bank robber? The man wearing the vest? Yeah, not so lucky. Crime scene boys found a piece of a jawbone And the tip of an index finger. That's it. Everything else was obliterated-- Including all the money he was trying to steal. Well, that's the thing. i don't think he was Trying to steal any money. I think he was a victim in all of this. I think somebody forced him to go into that bank. Lee told me about the thing you heard Or overheard in your car? Well, i can't, uh, Shed much light on any of that, but i can tell you this, The man who tried to rob that bank? He's no stranger to robbery And he's no stranger to banks. Name's troy sanborn. Did five years Back in the late '90s for walking into a bank In denver with a hand grenade. Wait a second. if it was his bomb, Why would he let the bomb squad in to take look at it? Why would he let anyone take a look at it? And why would he let it go off? They think he made it up. the whole story. They think he strapped that bomb to himself So that after he dumped the cash that he stole, He could claim he was the victim all along. But let's say you're right. Let's say there really is a second man out there somewhere. The only thing we know about him Is that he was wearing a ski mask When this supposed abduction took place. The one person who could tell us anything more than that-- Troy sanborn-- is dead. Now, i know the crime scene unit recovered Some small pieces of the bomb's casing. Maybe, if we're lucky, that'll lead us somewhere. But if it doesn't? If this mastermind You believe you heard the other day really does exist? Well, he's going to be awfully hard to track down. no, that's Very thoughtful of you to call, mrs. portman. Uh, but, no, honestly, Everything has gone really well With your insurance company so far. And, uh, the truth is, we still haven't gotten An estimate back from the, uh, from the body shop. Uh-huh. Oh, that is a very, very generous offer, But i'm-i'm sure that we... We don't need to take you up on that. Okay. Yeah. You have a nice night, too, now. Bye-bye. It's, uh, lauren portman, The, uh, saint lauren portman. Um, she sends you her regards. And she wants to thank you again for your patience. Well, if someone had to hit my car, I guess i'm glad she's the one who did it. I know, we should try to schedule all Of our future wrecks with her. She even offered to drive ariel to school. Who offered to drive me to school? Uh, jamie's mom. She, uh... that was her on the phone just now. Yeah, well, i'm not getting in a car with that woman. Well, you don't have to. It's just nice to know that, you know, we have the option. Okay, but that's not an option for me. (music playing) (phone ringing) (man humming along with music) Man's voice: leave a message. Automated voice: hello. This is a message for jesse reeder Concerning the collection of an unpaid debt. If you are not jesse reeder, Please contact the ulterion credit agency And calls to this number will cease. Thank you. (machine beeps) (man humming) Jesse reeder. Jesse reeder. (school bell ringing) ashley: check it out. My article on the football team Made the front page of the school paper. No way. way way. Mr. benevento said I'm the first junior to do it in seven years. In particular interest to you Will be the fifth paragraph in the second column, Where i write about my good friend ariel dubois Totally wanting junior sensation chad colburn. Oh. (laughs) Uh, you know, i was just kidding About that last part, right? Huh? I didn't actually write about you wanting chad colburn. Joe: but why do you care? What kind of question is that? Oh, i don't know. i'm just fascinated. I mean, after all these years I'm still trying to figure out how your mind works. I mean, this guy, he gets blown up trying to rob a bank. The guy who made his living robbing banks. The guy who once walked into a bank full of people with a hand grenade. Me? I-i kinda figure good riddance. But you-- you're all worked up That maybe somehow this guy's a victim in all this. Well, maybe it has nothing to do with him. I mean, it's more like... It's like a thank you note that you didn't write. You wake up every morning and you think, "oh, gotta that note." And you never get around to it. And then one day you finally do it. You write it. And then you feel better. You feel... in balance. I just know that this guy Did not walk into that bank of his own free will. And until everybody else knows it... And you call that thing a gift. (groans) (sighs) (phone ringing) Hello-hello? Scanlon: you were right and i was wrong. You were right and we were all wrong. Really? what i was right about? Well, jesse reeder, for one. We found him. We found that trailer you dreamed about, too. It's like bombs"r"us in here. Wires, detonators, blasting caps, you name it. Even a mannequin rigged up with one of his bomb vests. Which makes me think maybe you were right about troy sanborn. Maybe he was a patsy. Maybe reeder was the one pulling the strings. Really? did reeder confess? No, but then he's not in much of a position to. Looks like he was gearing up to rob another bank, When something went off in his face. Truth is, there's just not a whole lot left of him. The way it stands, Forensics is going to have to scrape bits and pieces Off the walls and ceiling So we can make a dna match and issue a death certificate. Well, thanks for that visual. I'm going to go back to sleep now. Well, i'm going to try, anyway. Nighty-night. There you go. All your thank you notes are done. You feel better? I don't know. ask me in the morning. (metallic rattling, siren wails) (helicopter blades whirring) (distant siren wailing) (metallic rattling) I'm going to die. We're both going to die, mr. sanborn. Just not today. (metallic rattling) Mind if i ask why you're holding those keys there? Um, they open the safe deposit boxes. The man who put this vest on me Told me to get them from the bank manager. He was very specific. What do you say you let me hold them for a little while? That rattling's kind of distracting. Okay. There you go. There you go. Okay. We're about ready to get down to business here. I'm going to make a quick sweep, Make sure nobody's here, and then we'll get started. Okay? No, you're leaving me? Just for a second, i promise. Now, you stand here and try not to move, And then i'll be right back. Okay? in a jiffy. Okay? Nice and easy, troy. Stay perfectly still. (helicopter blades whirring, siren wailing) Okay, we're ready to get started. Try to stay calm, mr. sanborn. I think i've got this wiring system all figured out. (gasps) I'm sorry, allison, but you're telling me That you think patrick wilkes, The man who almost got himself killed Trying to defuse that bomb, is the same man Who strapped it on to troy sanborn? Not only that. i'm telling you He managed to steal a little over $400,000 While he was at it. that doesn't sense. The bomb almost killed wilkes. no, it didn't. After he triggered the detonating device-- And make no mistake, he is the one who triggered it-- He had a few seconds to jump behind that desk. And he knew he would have those few seconds 'cause he's the one who rigged that bomb. I mean, think about it. How much sense does it make To strap a bomb onto somebody And ask them to rob a bank for you? I mean, how can you be sure that the police aren't going To follow him back to where you're hiding? Wouldn't you be better off Figuring a way to get into the bank yourself, So you could hide the money where no one would find it? Patrick wilkes knew that He was gonna be called in to defuse that bomb, Just like he knew the police were gonna cut the power To that bank while they were negotiating with troy sanborn. He was counting on it. With all of the security cameras down, He'd have plenty of time To-to stash the money that he'd forced Sanborn to steal, and after that, The bomb took care of the rest. The one witness that he had to the crime was dead, And the money That he took would be presumed lost in the explosion. No one would even bother trying to look for it. Allison, We found a bomb vest identical To the one that killed troy sanborn In jesse reeder's home. Jesse reeder's the guy you told us to go find, remember? So, reeder built and tested a bomb for wilkes. And wilkes didn't need reeder anymore. boom. I bet you wilkes is counting on the fact That finding reeder's body closes the case. I don't know what to tell you, allison. Most people in this city think that patrick wilkes is a hero. They're even giving him a medal This afternoon. I can prove what wilkes did. What's this? serial numbers On the deposit boxes that wilkes used. Open them up. You'll find the money. (school bell ringing) Here's the thing. You can't get in the car with your mom again. Not when she's driving. Excuse me? Look, i know that you love her, And i know that it's really hard to wrap your brain around it, But she's going to get you killed if you let her, So you can't let her. I'm not guessing About something that might happen. I am telling you about something That is going to happen. This is the thing that people talk about About you and your mom, isn't it? Yeah. Well, you don't know what you're saying. I mean, you don't know my mom. She's a great mom. She is a great mom, But she's got a problem. So, how do i get to school? We'll walk. I'll walk with you. And after school, you can practice driving with me So that we can get you your license, So that you can drive, really drive, And not just take the blame when she does. So call her And tell her that she doesn't have to pick you up Because you're gonna walk home with a friend. allison: what do you mean, the money wasn't there?</i> Scanlon: i mean, we went to the bank, And we opened up the safe deposit boxes You told us about, and they were empty. According to the manager, The woman who rented them came in First thing in the morning, and, uh, cleaned them out. Woman? what woman? And how did she get in there? I thought the bank was closed for repairs. It is, except for the safe deposit boxes. They're downstairs, and there wasn't any damage down there. Now, as for who this woman was, your guess is as good as mine. The paperwork she filled out was signed alma harrison. Only thing i can tell you for sure is That that's not her real name. What do you mean? The driver's license, credit card, social, Home address she filled out at the bank-- all that's bogus. We don't even have a good picture of her On the bank security system. I'm looking at the footage that was recorded On the day she rented the boxes, And all i can tell you is that she's caucasian, Approximately five feet, five inches, And knows how to duck Every time she gets close to one of the cameras. Well, obviously, she's wilkes's accomplice. He-he stashed the money, and she went in to get it. You got to bring wilkes in. Based on what? None of this proves anything. A woman with a fake id rented some boxes at a bank. Now, would i like to find her? sure. Ask her some questions about patrick wilkes? Absolutely. But i don't have a name, and i don't have an address. And unless you can tell me where to locate her, i'm sorry, But i just can't see us bringing a case against this guy. We still friends? Not so sure about that. You look happy. Looks can be deceiving. I got some good news and some bad news. Which do you want? Give me some good news. I could use some good news. The good news is, the insurance company wants To write us a check for $2,300. Well, actually, that is good news. So, what's the bad news? The bad news is, it's going to cost over $7,000 To repair your car, which makes no sense. I think we need to think about getting a new car. I don't want to think about buying a new car. I have other things to think about. You need a car, And putting $7,000 into one from the early '90s... Hey, i heard you. You know, most people kind of like getting a new car. They think it's fun, they find it exciting. Well, i'm not like most people. You know my dad gave me That car as a present for graduating college. I know. Well, did i ever tell you What i told him when he gave it to me? I said i hated it. I said, "what kind of person gives a 21-year-old girl A station wagon?" And he just looked at me, and he said, "it's really safe." And he died four days later. So, don't push it. I know what i have to do. I've known what i had to do Since i had that dream of ariel and the girls And-and that... that wide road and that truck. And i will deal with it When it has to be dealt with. woman: it's done.</i> Alma harrison is now the proud renter Of six large safe deposit boxes at mariposa national. Wilkes: no trouble with the fake id, the credit card? None. but do you want to hear something funny? You gave alma the same birthday as the bank manager. Told him i'd send him a card that day. Aren't i an angel? I'm headed back to my place now. Come by after work, And i will give you the keys to the boxes. Female automated voice: please enter an address. Wilkes: what was that? Uh, it's nothing. It's the nav system in my car. I got a little turned around on my way down from peoria, so I thought i would try to find a quicker way back. (navigation system beeps, horn honking) You still there? Baby, tell me you didn't just say that you're in your car. Tell me you took a taxi, like we planned. I didn't take a taxi, patrick. How many times did we go over this? The bank has security cameras outside, too. If one of them recorded your license plate... I didn't come here in my car, okay? I'm not an idiot. I thought i should test run The id and credit cards you gave me Before i used them at the bank, so i rented a car for myself. If my license plate got recorded, who cares? They'll just trace it back To the rental office and alma harrison. Damn it! What's wrong? I dropped my cd between the seats, and i can't find it. Screw it. In a few days, i will be able to buy all the music i want. If the guy at the rental office finds it, he can keep it. (crickets chirping) (laughs) Female automated voice: please enter an address. (beeps) Peoria. (beep) Thanks. woman (on tv): stunning turn of events</i> As lieutenant Patrick wilkes, who only yesterday was honored By the city for his heroic effort During the recent mariposa national bank robbery, Was arrested this morning For masterminding the robbery himself. The nearly $400,000 That was thought destroyed in the explosion That rocked the downtown bank earlier this week Was recovered earlier today at the home Of wilkes's alleged accomplice, erica duvall of peoria. Peoria. Joe: okay. Ready to go. Where are the girls? Uh, ariel already took them to school. Really? (car horn toots twice) (horn toots twice) Come on. Get in. we're not walking today. Wow. is this new? Yeah. my mom was renting it, And then, she called them this morning And told them that she wanted to buy it. Nice. yeah. Okay. onomatopoeia. What a dumb word. I didn't ask you to judge it. I asked you to spell it. bridgette: well, that doesn't change the fact that it's a dumb word.</i> i mean, you got to wonder what was going on in the room</i> the day they needed to make up that word.</i> marie: is there really a room where they do that?</i> bridgette: