Sometimes they work against us. Most of the times, it isn't the choice itself that's stressful,</i> but rather the consequence of the choice,</i> a result we couldn't foresee... or didn't quite imagine. But what if when we made our choices...</i> ...having realized we made the wrong ones,</i> there was some way to go back, some way to invoke a kind of big do-over.</i> You know what I mean? Wouldn't that be great? Wouldn't that just be the best? You okay? Everything all right? Mm-hmm. I'm fine; I just had a dream. What are you doing? You know what I'm doing. Well, I don't feel like doing that right now. That's okay, I'll do all the work. (chuckling): That... that is not the look of love. What's your problem? What are you talking about? I don't have a problem, I just... I just figured that you're up and I'm up... I know. It's been a while. Well, I'm not going to forget how to do it. It's just I'm tired, honey, I'm cranky. Yeah... Tomorrow, I promise tomorrow. Yeah, you say that, but it's a vicious cycle. Let me explain something to you. Sex isn't just sex. Sex is good for you, 'cause sex releases endorphins. And endorphins make you happy. Mmm. Yes. I know that, I do. And I fully plan on being happy tomorrow, whether I feel like it or not. www.1000fr.com Present Capture:FRM@FadeOut Sync:FRM@Navel</font> Girls, breakfast is ready! Where is your sister? Ariel says she's not going to school today. Why not? I don't know; ask her. Ariel? I need to speak with you! I'm here, I'm here, I'm here... but I'm not going to school today. Oh, really? You can't make me go. Oh, yeah, I can; I'm your mother. They gave me permission at the hospital when I had you. Mom, I have to stay home, or Amy Amson is going to beat me up. Wait a second-- who's Amy Amson? She's this girl in my biology class. Somebody passed her this note by mistake, and I guess the boys wrote it. Um, it's a list of who's hot and who's not, and according to them, I'm hot, and according to them, she's not. So Hannah says she says that she's going to mess my face up today before Biology, so I'm not hot anymore. Somebody thinks you're hot? I thought you had to be smart to get into eighth grade. And you actually think this is going to happen? If you stay home today, what do you do tomorrow? (chuckling): Tomorrow's Saturday. No, you know what I'm talking about. You know what this is? This is a vicious cycle, that's what it is. And you know what we have to do? You have to go to school. You have to show this girl that you are not going to be intimidated, and I can almost guarantee you, nothing is going to happen. Did I hear someone mention a vicious cycle? There's a lot of that going around lately. Daddy, please, I have to stay home. This is really a matter of life and death. (sighs) Sounds like it's going to be a rough morning. Bet you wish you had some endorphins right about now. I'm sorry, Ariel, staying home is not the answer. I've got an important arraignment at work today, and you can't stay here by yourself. BRIDGETTE: What's an arraignment? Okay, fine, but you are responsible for whatever happens to me. If I die... You're not going to die. Nothing's going to happen. What's an arraignment? We'll see. We'll see. Will somebody please tell me what an arraignment is?! I believe our middle child has a question for you. An arraignment. An arraignment is what happens when someone is being accused of a crime. Before there's a trial or anything, they go down to court... (phone rings) and the court tells them what they're being accused of, and they tell the court if they believe they're innocent or guilty. JOE: Hello? But why would anybody say they're guilty? Who's calling? Well, that's a very good question. They want to speak to a Mrs. Dubois. They won't take "no" for an answer... Hello? No. I'm not interested in having my carpets and drapes cleaned. No. I don't want a free in-home estimate. No, you don't have to call back in three months for a follow-up. Thank you. Oops. Oh, great. This is turning out to be a wonderful day. Don't blame me. I offered, you passed. Sorry to bother you. I was going over these crime scene photos from the Krieger case. I think I may have found something. Why are you showing me this? Well, just... I think Krieger may have had some help. I don't think he killed these people by himself. Well, that's all well and good, Allison, but we're not even sure we're going to trial on the Krieger case yet. It's only being arraigned this afternoon... I know, I just thought... The truth is, I have a hunch this one won't even make it to court. The defense lawyer has already pushed the arraignment date four times, which makes me think they're having second thoughts. I think they're going to come in this afternoon, simply plead guilty and make a deal. Excuse me. Hello. Mrs. Dubois. This is Nurse Dunbar down at Central Middle School? I've got Ariel here, and she's telling me she's feeling pretty ill. What was I going to do, Joe? She obviously didn't want to be there. She was obviously scared out of her mind. So I told the nurse I'd be there in, like, 45 minutes. I don't know. It's like 12:30 now. I just figured I'd try to rush her home, and get back... BRIDGETTE: Daddy, I think I see her eyes moving. Darling? Hey. Hey. Are you awake? Do you see us? Hey, you got a lot of drugs in you, baby. Your-your face is all stitched up, so they don't want you to speak. You just blink once if you know we're here, okay? Mommy, this is all my fault. If I hadn't gone to the nurse's office, this would have never happened. Sweetie, sweetie, sweetie. (sobbing) Ariel, honey. No, no, no, sweetie, sweetie. We talked about this, we talked about this. You know that's not true, okay? You know that's not true. Your mom is going to be fine. She's going to be okay. Sweetie, I need you to go to the vending machines in the cafeteria. Okay? You need to take your sister down there. I need to talk to Mommy for a second, okay? Go on. Go with your sister. Mommy, I'm so sorry. Hey. Everyone's calling to make sure you're okay-- everyone from work and your brother, the district attorney. He wanted me to tell you that the arraignment went fine, by the way. I don't know what you remember. I don't know what you know. (sighing): Um... This asshole went right through the light, He just went right through it. Like 40 miles an hour. Maybe he was high or something. I don't know. Nobody's telling me anything. I do know-- here's the good news.</i> Here's the cosmic joke in all this. There was a body in the trunk of his car. A body. And a blue duffle bag filled with ammo and an automatic weapon, and blueprints for some building downtown, so... I mean, we're all reasonably sure that he wasn't rushing to church, you know? That's my wife, always out there stopping the bad guys, even when she... (chuckling): even when doesn't know that she's doing it. Here's the thing. You got hurt really bad. Nothing that can't be fixed with time and with therapy. Okay, this is ridiculous, 'cause they told me not to say anything. Not until you were fully conscious and they had weaned you off the drugs. I guess they're right... I guess they're right. Just know that... that, you know, we're going to... we're going to get you everything you need. Whatever it is, whatever it costs. I love you, baby. I love you. Nurse. Nurse! I have to go to the bathroom. Is that the bathroom? I have to go to the bathroom, but I can't feel my legs. Let me get some help. No, no, no, we don't need any help. You and I can do it. My legs are asleep. (screaming): Oh, my God! Uh... Where are my legs?! Where are my legs?! You okay? Oh, man. I had the most horrible nightmare. I dreamt I totaled our car. I lost both my legs. It was so vivid. Cool. The kids don't get up for another ten minutes. Oh, man. I so believed what I was dreaming. I'm so relieved. I feel like I... I got the ultimate do-over, like the universe gave me a get-out-of-jail-free card. Um, well, did you use that card yet? Because I was thinking that, if you're still in jail, I could really go for a conjugal visit. Come on. Don't look at me that way. Let me explain something to you. Sex isn't just sex. Sex is good for you. Sex releases endorphins. And endorphins make you happy. And right now, you look like you could use a little happiness. I sure know I could. Girls, breakfast! Mommy, can't I have oatmeal? Not this morning. We're behind schedule, this is faster. Tread gently with Mommy, Bridge. The woman's in dire need of some endorphins. Hmm? ALLISON: Where's Ariel? We got to get move on. I got to get to work. Got an arraignment today. What's an arraignment? Ariel! What's an arraignment? Where's your sister? Why is she not here? Ariel says she doesn't want to go to school today. What's an arraignment? Why do you want to know what an arraignment is? You're only eight. I don't know. ARIEL: I'm here, I'm here, I'm here. But I'm not going to school. Is this about Amy Amson? You're on the hot list, she's not on the hot list? That's so unfair you can do that. That is so cool that you can do that. What's everybody talking about? What's she doing? You want me to get that? Hello? May I ask who's calling? ARIEL: Mom, this isn't funny. It's really important that I stay home. They want to talk to a Mrs. Allison Dubois, and they won't say what it's about. Hello? MAN: Mrs. Dubois, this is All Right Carpet Cleaning Service. I'm calling to offer you a special half-off... ARIEL: Bridget! Oops. This is the same exact day. Is that a yes? JOE: Ariel, here, take this. Because for $19.95 an hour, we can send a team of professionals to your house to clean your carpets... Here. I dreamt this. I dreamt this whole morning. Everything-- the juice, the phone call, Ariel wanting to stay home from school. Uh, okay. So? Everything. It's as if I lived this day already. And I'm gonna get in a horrible car accident in a little while. You're what? No, wait, wait. I had that dream for a reason. I can stop this from happening. Hello. Good morning, yeah. Is Detective Lee Scanlon in yet? Can I leave him a message? My name's Allison Dubois. Can you tell him to meet me at the corner of Mesa and Pueblo at 12:30? Tell him to look out for me. I'll be taking a cab. Mom, can I please stay home from school? No. No, you cannot. And don't you dare go to the nurse's office and make me come and get you. You will be grounded the rest of eighth grade. Endorphins. Just so you know, I was supposed to have lunch with a certain someone who works for the Mayor. You may have to vouch for me at a later date. Consider yourself vouched. Now, what is it we're looking for? In about one minute, a man's gonna go through this traffic signal. There'll be a dead man in the trunk of his car, along with about 100 rounds of ammo, automatic weapon, not to mention blueprints to a building downtown. If I'd driven myself here today, I believe that he would've been fated to run through the light and hit me with his car. But since I got here early by cab, my hope is that he will go through the light without incident, you will arrest him and prevent him from whatever awful thing he was bound and determined to do. You with me? And you know this because...? Because of the wonderful things she does. That traffic light right there? That light there. Black sedan. Like that one. Oh, boy, I get to use my siren. Wait here. Well, this is embarrassing. I ran a red light back there, didn't I? You certainly did. Your Honor. I don't understand. I don't know what to tell you. It's pretty cut and dried. I just pulled over a Federal Court Judge. A Federal Court Judge. The Honorable James T. Whitman. Nice fellow, crappy golfer. What about his trunk? I didn't see you look in his trunk. That's 'cause I didn't look in his trunk, Allison. He's a Federal Court Judge. What part of Federal Court Judge don't you understand? I'm not about to ask that man to open his trunk when I have no probable cause. The last time I checked, your dreams do not constitute probable cause. You want some lunch? I'll buy you lunch. Hello? This is Nurse Dunbar down at Central Middle School. I've got Ariel here, and, please don't be alarmed, but another child here at the school has apparently given Ariel a black eye. A black eye? We've got some ice on it, and I'm sure in an hour or so she'll be fine to return to class. Oh, my God, this is horrible. Is she okay? Can I talk to her? Um, actually, um, she's laying down at the moment, Mrs. Dubois. MAN (over radio): All units in the vicinity... I want to come pick her up. Tell her I'll be right there. Thank you. ...reporting a possible hostage situation at the Florenzo Ristorante. I'm afraid you're not going anywhere soon. I was in the neighborhood, I heard you guys were up to no good. JACKSON: Well, somebody's up to no good. About 35 minutes ago, 911 got a call from inside the restaurant about a robbery. When the first responding officer arrived, the perpetrator was still inside. He's holed up in there with 57 hostages. How many? I've got sharpshooters on all the surrounding rooftops. And the hostage negotiator just got off the phone. What's he want? What's he asking for? That's the fun part. He wants nothing. He's made no real demands. Just wants us to wait out here till 5:00 p.m. Then he'll release the hostages and give back the money. That makes no sense. Tell me about it. Excuse me, Captain Jackson, could you follow me? Lee. Take a look at that. Is that who I think it is? Man, this guy's really pushing his luck. A handicapped spot. I'm not imagining it, right? That's that judge's car. Well, I guess today is not his lucky day. I don't know what to do. I dreamt about that car. Now that that car's here, I'd kind of like to stay if I could. Let me go call my husband. MAN (over radio): Central Command, this is Watchtower. Over. I'm on the northeast corner of the roof of the adjacent building. From my vantage point, sir, it appears someone is attempting to make their way out of the rear entrance of the restaurant. It's a glass door, and I keep seeing them approach it and then hesitate. To be honest, sir, I don't know if I'm looking at a hostage or the hostage taker. Can you describe him? Male, approximately six-feet-tall, shirt and tie, looks like he's got a mask on, carrying some kind of blue gym bag. Judge Whitman. In my dream, there was a blue gym bag in the trunk of the car, along with the body, along with the ammo, along with an automatic weapon. Sir, I stopped a suspicious-looking person matching that description earlier today. He comes through the door and gives you any reason to believe he's anything other than a hostage, shoot to immobilize. MAN (over radio): Here he comes. He's out. He's got a weapon. I'm taking my shot. He's down. Repeat. Man is down. He's just outside the rear of the building. Sir. I need you to release your weapon. It's taped to him or something. We shot the wrong guy. His-his gun jammed. It jammed. Judge Whitman... He taped this gun to his hand, he... gave him that bag, he pushed him out the back door. So he could leave out the front with the rest of the hostages. Do you need help deciding what to wear? It's clean. It's absolutely clean. What day is today? Mmm. Friday. Thank God. Wait... I feel a hackneyed phrase coming on. It passed. Okay, but why would a federal judge do that? Rob a restaurant? Hold hostages? I don't know. He's not doing it for the money. He sends the money out with one of the hostages. Assuming any of this is real. Assuming any of this is actually going to happen, I mean... it was just a dream. What? No, just... I love that you said that. I mean, normally I'd be the one to say that. Yeah. Well, it just occurred to me when I woke up, when I realized that my jacket wasn't covered with blood. None of what I had dreamt had happened. I felt relief. I still feel relief. Excellent. Relief is good. You know, it's hard to explain it. Every time I dream the dream, there are certain cues. There are certain things that happen at the start. But this morning... the fact that the kids aren't up, the fact that we're up early. This is different. Gee, we are up kind of early. Hey, here's a crazy idea. How about we go back to bed and not sleep. Hmm? Was that a "no"? Yeah. No. But it's not why you think... I just... I don't want to have this conversation. Cool. Kill the conversation. I'll race you to the bedroom. No. Change the conversation. I don't want to have it. Wait a second... which "it" don't you want to have? Either "it." I don't want to have the conversation. I don't want to have sex. Allison, let me explain something to you. Sex isn't just sex. Sex is good for you. Sex releases endorphins. (moans) And endorphins, they make you happy. And right now, you look like you could use a little happiness. I sure know I could. Oh, my God. Guess what? Ariel doesn't want to go to school today. How... ? You want to know what an arraignment is? Huh? Well, trust me, you will. Ariel, let's go. Let's get the show on the road. Mom... I know all about it. You're hot. She's not. But you're not staying home from school because of some bully. The girl's got you completely intimidated and that's crazy. You know what you have to do? Intimidate her. That's right, you have to go to school with a little less of that "I'm pretty, I'm smart, I'm well-behaved" thing and get yourself a little bit of badass! Mom! Allison? You know what I'm saying. Don't pretend you don't know what I'm saying. Badass, badass, badass. You got to get yourself a little attitude, Ariel Dubois, and you got to give it to that girl. Joe, back me up here. Your father and I do not want you to spend your whole life afraid some girl's going to hit you. that you are going to hit her. JOE: Hey. Are you okay? Do you follow what I'm saying? Attitude. I'm trying to teach this girl something here. (telephone rings) Here, look, follow. Watch this, okay. No! No, no, no. No, you listen to me you scum sucking, bottom-feeding, hide-behind-a-telephone-headset piece of garbage. you ever call my house again during breakfast, I will personally come to your carpet cleaning company, I will find you and I will hurt you. And when I'm finished with you, nothing and no one will ever be able to to get your stain out. Okay, you get the gist? All right. Everybody ready for work? I have an arraignment to get ready for. What's an arraign...? Too late. ALLISON: I know it's kind of hard to follow. No, I... I think I follow you. You want us to arrest a federal judge for a crime he hasn't committed. Yet. Look, maybe there's some other way I haven't thought of yet. I'm just worried if we don't do something come 1:00, you're going to get a 911 call from inside the Florenzo Ristorante. Once that happens, it's already too late. Allison... look at it from my side. You have been wrong from time to time. Besides what is it we're supposed to arrest him for if he hasn't done anything yet? I don't know. All I know is, this is the third time I have lived this same day. Twice now, I have tried to stop this man. Both times I failed, people have been hurt or killed. You almost had him yesterday. Excuse me? You found out he was a judge, you wouldn't check his trunk. If you had, you would have found a dead body in it. What? I have absolutely no recollection of any of this. Because it hasn't happened yet. Wait a second, I have an idea, it might even be legal. Why don't you and Allison walk down to the judge's chambers right now. Explain to him that a car, matching the description of his honor's, appears to have been used in the commission of a crime you're investigating. Ask the judge if he wouldn't kindly allow you to confirm that the car is still parked where he left it. And if he would consent to letting you take a peek in his trunk. If the car is still there, there's nothing in the trunk, no harm, no foul. I don't know. He's a judge. It's almost lunch. Don't worry. I'll call her. She'll understand. Thanks. Morning. My name is Lee Scanlon. I telephoned about five minutes ago. Spoke with an aide, asked if there was any way I can get a look at his honor's car as part of a criminal investigation we're conducting. I was told to speak to you. That you would know where it was parked. I'm sorry. I'm going to need a minute. I'm going to have to check with his honor. Nobody told me about this. Who's that? SECRETARY: Well, that's Judge Whitman. Are you sure? I've worked for the man for 26 years. I think I know what he looks like. Allison? Doesn't make sense. What's going on? The person I saw yesterday was a different Judge Whitman. Trust me. There are no other Judge Whitmans. Don't feel bad, this is a good thing. At least we know our federal court system isn't run by a bunch of gun- wielding maniacs. Besides, now I can still make my lunch. No, you can't. I cancelled for you, before we came. Okay. You hungry? Sure. Hello? Mrs. Dubois, this is Nurse Dunbar down at Central Middle School. I've got Ariel here and... ALLISON: Yes? Mrs. Dubois? This is Principal Phillips. I'm here with your daughter, Ariel, and I'm afraid we've have ourselves a very serious situation here. Oh my goodness, is she alright? Oh, she's fine, but apparently ???????? Now we consider that a very serious matter, Mrs. Dubois. I mean this is something that's going to go on her permanent record. Oh, my God. I mean, frankly, Mrs. Dubois, I've never seen this kind of behavior, this kind of attitude from Ariel before. Wherever it came from, we need to nip it in the bud. Yes. Thank you. Everything okay? Yeah. No, it's Ariel. It's a school thing. She's such a good kid. So I guess you've been here before. What's good? What time do you have? Uh, 1:16. I don't get it. Yesterday you said that the police got a phone call at 1:00 p.m. about a robbery. I never talked to you yesterday, Allison. That yesterday never happened. That yesterday was a dream. WAITER: Hi, my name is David. I'll be your, uh, your server. Would you guys like to hear today's specials? Uh, yeah. Okay, we, uh, MAN: Can you check in with the maitre d' and see if there's been a call from Judge Whitman? He should of been here 15 minutes ago. Did you hear that? Yeah. I'm not a big fan of the goat cheese. You know, you go right ahead. No, the man at that table just mentioned Judge Whitman. I wasn't wrong, there is a connection. Should I give you guys a minute? Yeah. Look around, Allison. This restaurant is not being robbed. MASKED MAN: Everyone stay still. This is a robbery. If you move, you die. Everyone out of the bar, everyone out of the kitchen now, move it, move it. You hear that? That was fast. (distant sirens wailing) It's almost as if someone phoned it in before it even happened. Quiet! Now I want everyone to put on a mask and get down on the ground... now. Move, move, move. Down on the ground now. Everyone out of the kitchen. Out here. What you got in there, fella? My asthma medication. Well, you look fine to me. Both hands in the air. And they better be empty. All right, stand up. Slowly. Open the jacket. Well... that's some serious asthma you got, huh? Here's what we're going to do. You're going to take off the holster and put it on the table, and then you are going to back away from the table. Do you understand me? Anytime. Lee, don't. His gun doesn't work. Remove that holster now or I will pull this trigger. Lee, don't. The gun's going to jam, trust me. You were right, his gun did jam. Who is he? Michael Williams. Bulletproof vest. Joe? Joe, honey, wake up, I've got to ask you something. What's the matter? What's going on? What day is today? Hmm? You hate me, don't you? I mean, deep down inside, there's gotta be like an anger thing. Otherwise, why would a person wake a person? Is it Friday? Yes, it's Friday. (sighs): Oh, thank God. Wait. BOTH: I feel a hackneyed phrase coming on. Wait. It passed. Why would he want a hostage situation? No, no, I'm not buying it. He releases all the hostages at 5:00 p.m. Well, maybe he's just trying to get people out of work for the afternoon. Maybe I should bring my engineering team to lunch there. Ah, yeah, well, good luck. That place was packed. Scanlon and I could hardly get a table. I don't think they could accommodate... I almost forgot. At the restaurant, there was this table, seemed like 20 people. And one of them asked e waiter about Judge Whitman. But I thought you said that the gunman wasn't Judge Whitman. It was some guy named Williams. Right. But he told Scanlon he was Judge Whitman when we pulled him over. An he was driving Judge Whitman's car. So what are you saying? Remember you told me there was a dead body in the trunk of that car? No. When was that? Today. In the hospital. A couple of hours from now. Never mind. I remember. I think this guy Williams might have killed Judge Whitman. I think he might have killed Judge Whitman and stuffed Whitman in the trunk of his own car. Okay. Why? That I don't know. Florenzo Ristorante. This is David. Hi. Um, I'm supposed to attend a lunch at your restaurant today and for the life of me I can't remember what time the reservation is for. Well, what name is the reservation under? I don't know. Uh, it's a big party. Maybe 20 people. Judge Whitman's party? Yes. Yeah, we got you down here for 12:45. Uh, great. It wouldn't happen to say there who else might be attending, would it? No, I'm sorry, ma'am. All I know is we were told to be seen and not heard. Something about every judge in the county being at that table ??????? Really? Uh, thank you so much for your help. Every judge in the county is going to be at that restaurant. I have to go see Devalos. Can you take the kids to school? Yeah, of course I can, um, but wait a second. I need to talk to you about something. Endorphins? As a matter of fact. Heard you can get them from running, which is what I got to do. Girls, Daddy is going to be driving you this morning. Mom... Ariel, I want you to stay home from school today. What? Bridgette, an arraignment is when someone pleads innocent or guilty. (phone ringing) BRIDGETTE: Are you talking to me? Marie, say hi to the nice man. Bye, girls, see you tonight. MAN (on phone): Hello? This is All Right carpet cleaning service. Hello? Can I ask you a question? Don't ask me how I know this, but a man is going to hold every judge in the county hostage from 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. today. Okay. What changes? What does that effect? How does that make the world different? Well, I don't know. I suppose if the court doesn't have a judge to preside over its cases on a given day, then the court proceedings don't happen on that day. What could be gained by that? Nothing. Everything would just be rescheduled until the next day. Unless... What? Unless somehow the proceedings are time sensitive. What do you mean? Like my arraignment this afternoon, for instance. What about that arraignment makes it time sensitive? Normally it's no big deal. But the law mandates that a defendant's arraignment be held within ten days of the person's indictment. But as it happens, in this particular case, the defense attorney has worked very hard to get that arraignment date pushed back until the final day of the ten day window, which is today. What if that arraignment doesn't happen today? The defendant's due process is violated-- he's released. That's why this is all happening. That's why "what" is all happening? This hostage thing you mentioned? Where is this coming from? I had a dream-- well, I had three dreams actually. Allison, you're losing me. What makes you think that your dream hostage taker has a connection with the Krieger arraignment? I don't know. His name is Michael Williams. That's really about all I can tell you. Michael Williams? Krieger has a wife. Her maiden name is Williams. She has a brother named Michael. The very first dream, I came to talk to you about a second shooter in that case. And what did I do? You shooed me out of the room. Not this time. Get me Detective Scanlon please. Everyone stay still! This is a robbery! You move, you die! I want everyone out of the bar! Everyone out of the...! SCANLON: Boys... He's wearing a bulletproof vest-- aim for his head. Michael Williams... you're under arrest. Drop the gun, put your hands over your head. Okay. Hey. Are you okay? Hmm? Everything all right? I don't know, I think so. You wouldn't happen to know what day it is, would you? It's Saturday, darling. Why do you ask? I don't know. It was a pretty amazing week. I packed a lot into last week. Packed a real lot into yesterday. Mm-hmm. Hmm... Guess I'm kinda... sad, kinda let down. Kinda depressed. After all that excitement, I mean. You don't say. Any thoughts? Any suggestions? I don't know. You could do something physical. That always helps. Creates endorphins, elevates the mood. Hm, endorphins, huh? Mm-hmm. Physical, huh? Mm, yeah, you know, running. Running's good. Anything else? Mm, let me think. What are you doing? I'm thinking. Well, think about this-- you have about ten seconds to peel off those shorts and get over here and spread a little happiness before the kids start getting up. Wow. Someone's in a crabby mood. No, let me explain something to you. Sex isn't just sex. Sex is good for you. Sex releases endorphins. Endorphins make you happy. No, I know. Well then, come over here. All right. Fine. But I warned you. You warned me. You made your choice. (laughs): l made my choice. I just hope you can live with it, 'cause there's no going back.