Rockefeller of solar energy. It's from Meghan. What is she doing, buying you a robe? I don't know. There's nothing going on! The other night,I'm working in my office. She walks in, she's all drunk off her ass... I know! I already dreamt it! I saw it all! You did? Then why didn't you tell me? No! That is not the question. The question is, why didn't you tell me? I'm going to go in there in the morning. I'm going to tell her there's no company. Are you insane? this is going to work. You're going to give me my idea back. We're going to close down this business. Do you understand? I'm sorry. Medium S04E16 Drowned World Manuel. Thank you. I appreciate you coming over at this very early hour. Why all the drama,Tom? It's 7:00 in the morning. - I have a campaign to run, a practice to tend to. - No. I know. I have a friend, just discovered he's got a fairly advanced case of prostate cancer. And he asked me if I knew of any attorneys in town who could be trusted to do a bunch of probate work quickly. Wants to make sure his,um... his family's taken care of. So,how are you going to do it? I don't know. I mean,I've been thinking about that. I think I just have to tell her and take my chances. I think so,too. - Hello? - Hello. My name's Charles Winters. I'm a tax attorney over at Phelps and Kingman. I'm looking for Allison Dubois. Well,this is Allison Dubois. I got your number from Larry Watt. He indicated that he had hired you on a freelance basis a couple of months back, and I was wondering if I might be able to do the same thing. I see you got my text. Okay. So what's all the excitement about? Oh,my gosh. It's the end of the world as we know it. Mr. Winters? This is Mrs. Dubois. Thanks. thank you for coming in. I'm Charles Winters. Please. Uh,well,frankly, I'm a little puzzled. You mentioned on the phone that you were a tax attorney? The work that I've done with Larry Watt and former District Attorney Devalos is,uh... Almost all of it was of a criminal nature. Actually,I'm not interested in hiring you to help me with a professional matter. It's about my wife. Uh,my... house... really. She thinks it's haunted. This is great that you've actually got the time to do this. Kelly is going to be thrilled. She loves this house. I mean,she's actually the one who found it. She,um... I mean... It actually wasn't even for sale. Took me days to convince the people that owned it, and the truth is,we paid too much for it. You must really love your wife. I do. Yeah. That's why I can't stand to see her like this. I've got clients all over the Southwest, and when I have to be gone overnight... What? She hears things. What kind of things? Water. She hears water... running. And then sometimes, she hears crying. A baby crying. But you never hear it? It never happens when you're there? I'm just hoping that if you say there are no ghosts, there can be no baby... there can be no water, then... there won't be. hey partner, yohoo! I'm back! Oh,good. You got it. I was worried when I didn't hear from you. Does it fit? Of course it fits. It's a robe. You know what? Give me five minutes to settle in, and then come into my office. I'll fill you in on everything. God,it is good to be back. Why would you send me a $2,200 cashmere robe? I don't know. I-I just... I didn't really want to have to carry it on the plane. That's not what I mean. You know that's not what I mean. No,I don't. What do you mean? I mean,it's a robe. It's intimate. And that card. What about the card? I thought it was a lovely card. You didn't like the card? After the other night? After the promises you made? No,I didn't like the card. I didn't like the card. I don't like the robe. My wife doesn't like the robe. Whoa,whoa,whoa,wait a second. Your wife has a problem with the robe? I think we're all having a gigantic misunderstanding here. It's a robe. It's cashmere. It's a luxury item. It speaks to the fact that I believe you and I are going to make a lot of money together. That's all it is. It's not like I bought you silk underwear. You know what? I need to call your wife. I need to straighten this out. You don't need to call anyone. You've said enough. You've written enough. You've done enough. Listen to me,Meghan. I'm done. I'm dissolving the business. I'm taking my marbles. I'm going home. - No. - No what? No,you are not dissolving the business. It is not your business to dissolve. I own 51% of it. I own 51% of you. So,give me the freaking robe. I'll take it back. I'll send your wife some flowers, and let's get back to doing what we know we have to do. Excuse me. Where do you think you're going? Don't worry. You'll be hearing from me again. There he is. Lynn. Good to see you. Lee. Okay,enough small talk. What the hell was going on over there? We saw you cavorting with that weasel. He's dying. - Are you serious? - Oh,my God. Okay. I feel horrible, but you guys were laughing. You both looked so happy. We've known each other a long time. He,the mayor, the governor-- they all want me to step in, finish out my current term. Obviously,Tom's gonna withdraw his candidacy, and I'll end up running unopposed. I haven't even had a chance to call and tell Lily. Well,congratulations... - I guess. - Yeah. I know exactly what you mean. Do you want to hear something strange? Absolutely. That's what we're all starved for around here is something strange. He wants to meet with Allison Dubois. He said he'd consider it a personal favor if I'd intercede and help smooth things over with her, get her to meet with him. It usually starts around 10:00, just after I've gone to bed, once the house is dark, and only if I'm alone. It goes on for about an hour, and then it stops. I know it's impossible. The man Charles hired showed me that there weren't any water pipes in that wall, so,that's weird. But,uh,it's still just the sound of water. It doesn't frighten me that much. But when the baby cries... He sounds so frightened and unhappy. Isn't that tile awful? I'm sure we'll never have the money to replace it. We're in so much debt now, and there are so many things we want to do. Your house is really beautiful. Very lovely. Uh,so I'm curious. I think we're both curious. Any first impressions? Anything you want to share? Uh,well, you have a beautiful home. A very lovely home. Um,other than that, I-I'm sorry to say that I don't... I don't see anything. I don't sense anything. You know,of course,it's the middle of the day. And obviously,you're not here by yourself,so... You know,it doesn't make you wrong. It doesn't make me right. It's just a first impression. I called seven lawyers. I left messages,haven't heard back from a single one. Well,that's okay. I'm loaded. I made $300 today, explaining in the nicest way possible to this attorney's wife that in all likelihood-- even though she hears noises in her house-- that her house is almost certainly not haunted. Well,that probably made her feel better. I don't know. You should have seen the look on her face when I told her. I'm afraid that all I did was convince her that she's crazy. There,there. it's all right. Mommy's got you. It's all right. Okay. It's going to be all right. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Hello. Hey,sorry. I tried to get to it before it woke you,but you beat me to it. Was it for me? No,it was your friendly neighborhood she-devil-- Meghan Doyle. She's having some papers drawn up. She wants to show them to me at 11:30. Dissolution papers,right? Papers to end the company? Yeah,I can only assume so. What are you working on so furiously over here? Well,you're going to find this hard to believe, but I had a dream last night. - Sorry to keep you waiting. - That's okay. I know that I told you yesterday I didn't see anything in your house and I didn't feel anything in your house. Well,last night I had a dream and it seemed to take place in your house. It was a long time ago-- 20 years or so. So I woke up this morning, and I,I went on the Internet. It didn't take me terribly long to find this. Oh,my God. A little boy died in our house. Drowned by accident. The version of events I saw last night was somewhat more... violent. Jonathan McKenzie. His mother was distracted by the television and he drowned in the bathtub. Do you think that's why I hear what I hear? I can't answer that. It may be that you're a little like me, that you have...sensitivities. Sensitive... not crazy. Sensitive. I like that. If you'll excuse me for a moment. Like I said, it took me about ten minutes to come across these stories. Mr. Winters, you're a lawyer. Surely you were aware of this. Not when we bought the house. After she started hearing things,sure, I did some research. - I found what you found. - And you didn't tell her? Tell her what? That we just sunk our life savings-- more than our life savings-- into a house where someone had an accident? No,I didn't tell her that. I don't believe in ghosts. I don't think that our place is really haunted, but I do believe in the power of suggestion, and I honestly thought that you would come over, look around, and say either we were poltergeist-free or chant some mumbo jumbo and she would believe that we were. Well,sorry I let you down. You have no idea the can of worms that you have just opened. She is going to want to move now. She is going to want to sell and we cannot afford to do that. You are talking about your wife's peace of mind. Can you really afford not to,Mr. Winters? You two have a lot to talk about. Boy,you don't waste any time. Come in. is that I'm surrendering all my rights to,to everything,right? It says you're divesting your 49% ownership in Dubois-Doyle,yes. This wasn't my idea. This is not something I want. Wait a second. What's this? What's what? It says something about a quarter of a million dollars. Does this say that I owe you a quarter of a million dollars? No. It says upon the tender of your signature-- as soon as you sign these papers-- I'm giving you a quarter of a million dollars. Why would you do that? I promised you I'd invest $300,000 in your idea,Joe. Between the office, our expenses,the models, our travel, you do the math. A quarter of a million dollars? That's what it says. I've reread that page of the agreement 16 times. And she's going to give that money to you? To us,yeah. Well,I mean,in return for signing this agreement, in return for signing over everything. I mean,I don't get anything until I sign. But you are going to sign it? Of course I am. It's just... do you think maybe we misjudged her? What? Let me think about that a minute. No. She is paying you that money 'cause she's betting she's going to make a lot more money down the road. Yeah,of course,you're right. Which is the other reason I called. You want to go out and celebrate tonight? Oh,I would love to, but Devalos just called me and asked me to meet him at Tom Van Dyke's office at 7:00, but I-I could call him and try to reschedule. Don't you think we should wait till we really have the money? Hmm,that's awfully damn adult of you,dear. Sorry,I didn't mean to be so "awfully damn adult." They gave him his job back. That's amazing. Does that mean that you get your job back? As soon as I want. It's so weird how things work. I mean,you think you know the course of things, how things are going to go. Well,you got to feel bad for Van Dyke. He wants me to meet with him. Although I'm not sure why. So where are we going to go celebrate tomorrow,rich guy? What makes you think we're going to get the money tomorrow? Well,did you check all the papers? Yeah,only about a hundred times. Does your right hand work,yeah? So where are we going to celebrate tomorrow? Tell me again why we got to wait till tomorrow. Hello. Allison,it's Lee.Sorry to call so late, but I was summoned over here to a house on Fremont Lane. Apparently,you know these people. I was talking to the husband. He mentioned your name. Wait,I was half asleep. Where are you? What's going on? The Winters' home-- Charles and Kelly Winters. About an hour and a half ago, Kelly Winters swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills, ***hot bath. And killed herself. YOUNG BRIDE TAKES OWN LIFE IN CURSED HOUSE Kids are safely ensconced in school, and I just got off the phone with Meghan Doyle. She wants to sign the papers today at The Belmont. This was in with the mail. Somebody must have just put it in the mailbox. Been waiting an hour and 20 minutes. - What the hell do you think is taking 'em so long? - Dad... You sure you don't want a lawyer? Because I know I can get your mother to pay for a lawyer. I don't need a lawyer. They just want to ask me some questions. Mr. Winters. - This your attorney? - I'm Sam Winters. I'm Charles' father. I'm down here helping my son with the funeral. Well,it's nice to meet you,sir, but I'm going to need you to wait outside here while we talk to your son. She said she wouldn't live in a house where a child had died. She couldn't bear to hear him cry anymore. I don't understand. Why not just put the house on the market, find another place to live? I know. That's,that's what Kelly wanted to do, but it's not that easy. We overpaid. The market is down. I just... I honestly... I couldn't... see how that it was possible or, or really why it was even necessary, and we had a really big fight about it. So she went on a drive. What'd you do while she was gone? I had a couple of scotches and fell asleep on the couch. Then when I woke up, I could hear the sound of water, an-and I-I thought it was a joke. When I walked into the bathroom,I... She was so still. She... I loved her so much. Mr. Winters,while you were sitting out there waiting for us, I went ahead and got a warrant to search your home. We looked in the attic above the bedroom and found this. What is that? It's a white noise machine. It helps people fall asleep. It makes sounds like a babbling brook or an ocean. Even has a convenient timer on the back, so if you were going out of town you could set it to go off in the middle of the night. Mr. Winters, could you take a look at this and tell me if you recognize the handwriting. What is this? This is Kelly's handwriting. Where did you get this? I found it in my mailbox this morning. I'm guessing Kelly left it there last night when she went for that drive. The letter's pretty clear,Mr. Winters. Your wife believed you meant to do her harm. What? She writes if anything happens to her, anything at all, we should look very closely at you. In fact, she specifically says that she's not suicidal. What-what-what are... what are you saying? I don't... believe that you're saying that I murdered my wife and then I made it look like it was a suicide. We aren't saying it,Charles. Kelly is. Mr. Winters,you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford one, one will be appointed for you. Thank you,Joe. And thank you. I'm sorry things didn't work out the way you hoped, but at least this way it's not a total loss. You know,I have to tell you,I completely regret leaving my idea behind. Um,and there were times when we were working together that I,uh, I actually, I literally wanted to kill you. But this is actually extraordinarily decent of you. And I know that we're probably never gonna see each other again, but I just want you to know that I think that you're basically a good person,Meghan. And I too regret that things didn't work out. Oh,Joe... I can't believe you said that. I can't believe you think that. I mean I think that you tried your best. You are a lovely man. And I am happy that check makes you so happy. But,Joe... God,you're smart, and God,you're thick. Excuse me? Who is that? That's my smart,but thick. That's my husband. He's early. Your husband? Does he know about your boyfriend? Does he know what you tried with me? Joe. There was no boyfriend. There was never a boyfriend. And don't hate me... but there were no patent problems in Eastern Europe either. While you were sitting watching the phone at the office, I was at home watching DVDs with my husband. What are you talking about? I needed to make you uncomfortable. I needed to make you want to sell me your half of the business. And now you have. And now you're happy. And now I'm happy. It's how it had to be. We could have never worked together. Not long-term. I mean... you're smart. And I'm smart. We're just different kinds of smart. Order a drink,Joe. Go ahead. Celebrate. I have a tab here. Order whatever you like. So I run to the bank. And thank God the check cleared. But I can't help it. My head is spinning. And I'm starting to feel like the biggest fool on the planet. I think some of this might be my fault. I think maybe you sensed my insecurities. - I think maybe she sensed my insecurities. - No. No. No,it had nothing to do with you. She had a plan. She had a plan from the beginning. So now,all I'm thinking of is that she was in Albuquerque meeting for two days with that Terry Cavanaugh. And she probably sold him my idea for ten times what she paid me. Oh,Joe. So I go home and I start calling Stratosphere Aeronautics, and I'm asking to speak to this Terry Cavanaugh guy. And of course they don't connect me. And then it hits me. I mean I just got paid a quarter of a million dollars for my first independent invention. And I only had the damn idea a whole two months ago. And now we're sitting on more money than we've ever had in our entire lives. And I know we're not set. I mean,I know I still got to go out there and get a job. But,I mean,it sure beats working at the car wash. So you ready to go out and celebrate? Yes,I am. Is that you,baby? Are you hiding in there? It's only Mama. Don't be frightened. Baby? No! Mommy,please! Don't do this! Please! Don't do this! I'll do anything you want. There is nothing to do! Do you understand? It is over for all of us. Not now. Go away! - Daddy!Daddy,help me.Please,Daddy! - Kelly! Come back here! Kelly! Okay,so what you're telling me is a little girl who lived in the Winters' house 20 years ago... Kelly McKenzie. Kelly McKenzie has the same first name as Charles Winters' late wife. Sorry,what does that prove? It doesn't prove anything, but it is a fact. Now,what if they're the same person? It should be easy enough to check if Charles's late wife's maiden is McKenzie. But it isn't. I mean, at least not according to the death certificate. But maybe she changed it. Okay,I'll play. Let's pretend she changed it. I still don't see where we're going. Well,I'm not 100% sure on this either, but I keep dreaming about the death of this little McKenzie boy. And the version that I see, his death is no accident. His mother drowns him on purpose. And there's a little girl there, a little girl named Kelly. And she sees it all. Well,I must be dreaming this for a reason. Hello? This is Joe Dubois. Terry Cavanaugh? It's you. They said it was going to be someone from the district attorney's office. As of today I'm with the district attorney's office. You gotta laugh. I hired you to help calm my wife down and now the city's hired you to help put me away. I'm not an attorney,Charles. The city's hired me to help them figure out what really happened, which is why I wanted to talk to you. I have some... some hunches. Some ideas. But without knowing more about Kelly... they really don't make a lot of sense. Well,you better not ask me. Because,uh,when it comes to Kelly, I don't think that I'm really the expert I thought I was. You know,I loved her... more than anyone or anything I have ever loved. That... that... that letter, it makes no sense to me. According to Kelly's death certificate, it says that her maiden name is Anderson, that she was born in California. Do you have any reason to suspect otherwise? What are you talking about? I don't know. Do you know of any brothers or sisters? Have you ever met anyone from her family? Her father? Her mother? No. No,there was no one else to meet. Growing up she said it was just her and her crazy mother. Her mother's dead? Before I came along. And she referred to her as "crazy"? Yeah. We had bad parenting in common. Two crazy mothers. Two crappy fathers. Her dad was never around. My dad was practically a lap dog because my mother had all the money. I guess you could say that we bonded over that. And the two of you met how? Uh,she chose me. It was,uh, like a movie. The prettiest girl in the bar just walks up and starts talking to me. Me. Oh,sorry to interrupt,Miss, but I'd ask you not to continue questioning my son until he has a chance to confer with his attorney here,Mr. Beverly. Mr. Beverly, my son,Charles. Charles. Have you out of here before you know it. I see Mom finally came through,huh? This is Allison Dubois. She's with the district attorney's office. Allison,my dad and,apparently, my new attorney. - Nice to meet you,Mr. Winters. - Ms. Dubois. We're actually finished here. If you gentlemen would like to use this room to chat. Great. Thank you. She was an odd girl, you know. I wouldn't put it past her... take her own life, leave a note like that. - Dad! - I'm just saying. You ever meet her? Yes. Briefly. Well,then you know. She was an odd girl. What's the motive? You know, they didn't own much of anything other than the enormous debt on that house. They didn't have much life insurance. Uh,maybe,uh, he hated her? No,I don't get that. I,I never got that from him. I think he honestly loved her. And besides,you have to hate somebody a lot to risk life in prison. All right,you win. He loved her. What's your theory? I don't have a theory. She simply committed suicide. She took a bunch of sleeping pills and let herself to drown to death in the bathtub. And then wrote a letter implicating her husband? Why? Did she hate him? No. I didn't get that either. None of it makes any sense... least of all, the dreams that I keep having. Hey,you know what you need to do? You need to put it out of your mind and you need to come help me pack. All right. Well,you met this Terry Cavanaugh,right? Is he a suit guy? Yeah,he seems like a suit guy. And you don't know what this meeting is about? I don't know. They just called. They said Terry Cavanaugh wanted to meet with me tomorrow, and was I available? Um,they said there was going to be a first-class ticket waiting for me at the airport and a car to pick me up on the other end. You think it has something to do with Meghan? I mean,isn't he the guy that she said was going to invest all that money in your idea? Yeah,he certainly is. I don't know.Maybe he needs a good engineer and heard from Meghan I'm out of work. Not now. Go away! - Daddy!Daddy,help me!Please,Daddy! - Kelly!here! Kelly! Madeleine, what the hell is going on here? Mr. Winters. I'm District Attorney Devalos. You've already met Detective Scanlon, Mrs. Dubois. Appreciate you rushing down here. Please,have a seat. Not at all. I'm glad I could do it. When you said that there might be some kind of a deal you could offer my son Charles... The important thing is, we're starting to buy into your theory,Mr. Winters: that she did it to herself, that she left that letter to implicate Charles. Like I said... she was an odd girl. The key thing is,some new facts have come to light that from our standpoint change everything. Terrific. What have you found out? SCANLON: First and foremost, your daughter's maiden name. It was actually McKenzie before she changed it. Or how about the fact that you are listed as the father on her birth certificate? Mr. Winters... your son's wife was your daughter,wasn't she? Ever since Kelly's death, we've been struggling to find enough physical evidence to implicate your son or find a reason why his wife would hate him enough to leave that letter. And frankly,we haven't come up with either. And now I know why. She didn't really hate him. Of course,she didn't really love him either. She just knew who he was, your son, a means to an end...and that end was you. You have to understand, when he first brought her home, I didn't recognize her. I hadn't seen Kelly... my Kelly,in 20 years. But then,when they bought the house on Fremont, and Charles told me that she was hearing a baby crying at night,I... I knew it must be her. She really was her mother's daughter. And you think that's why Madeleine drowned your son? To punish you? Yep. Madeleine was my mistress. I was already married to Charles' mother when I met her. I told her right up front that I would never leave my family. I loved my wife. And when she began to suspect I was being unfaithful, she gave me an ultimatum. So I gave one to Madeleine and I told her it was over. That night I went to the house. I went there to say good-bye to the children and to give Madeleine some money to start over. But when I got there, she had already drowned Johnny. Tried to kill Kelly. So I told Madeleine to call the police and tell them there had been an accident. By that time,whatever fever had possessed her was gone. She didn't want to go to prison. She didn't want to hurt Kelly. And she didn't want anyone to know what she had done. For once,we both wanted the same thing. I know I should have taken Kelly with me that night. I know that. But that would have been the end of my life with Charles' mother. The end of everything. Mr. Winters,I'm going to see to it that Charles is released. I'm not certain that I can actually charge you with a crime at this point, but you can be damn sure I'm going to try. In the meantime, you're going to need to tell your wife and your son the whole truth... and I suspect that's as fitting a way as any for your punishment to begin. Thank you. Thank you for coming, Mr. Dubois. Very anxious to meet you again. Very anxious to look you in the eye. Sit down. You know, I bought your company, bought your invention. I suspected you might have. I wanted to buy it the day I met you in Phoenix. She wanted four million. I paid her two. How much did you end up with? A lot less than that. You hate her? I'm not inviting her over for Thanksgiving. She's a bottom-feeder, a matchmaker, an agent,a broker. Got 'em in every business. The only thing they're good at is smelling money. The day you met her, the day you pitched your idea to that firm she worked for, she called me. Said "I think I might have something you'd be interested in." She was right. Well,good for her. She knew I'd be interested because I've spent the last seven years developing a technology that's surprisingly similar. She knew I'd be interested because I'd want to make sure yours never made it to market. She knew I'd pay to kill it. Sounds like the two of you were meant for each other. Well,two days ago,I finally looked at what I bought. Went through the drawings, went through the specs. Mr. Dubois, I like yours better than mine. Well,thank you... I guess. How'd you like to finish what you started? You got a couple minutes? Maybe. I got to pick Joe up at the airport in about an hour. This won't take that. Mr. Van Dyke. Just,uh,dropped by to say good-bye to some folks. And I'm... grateful to have that opportunity with you. I'm so sorry to hear about everything. I know I haven't been your greatest supporter or your greatest ally around here, and,uh,I have no right to ask for favors. And as you well know, I'm not even sure I believe in what it is you claim you're able to do. What is it that you need,sir? My wife... my children... as you might imagine, they're having a difficult time with this. After I'm gone... When I'm no longer here... I don't know how it works. I don't know what to tell you to do. But if what you want is for me to see you... to tell your wife and children that you're fine... I promise you... I will be on the lookout. You really can read minds,can't you? Thank you. Isn't this fun? And the later it gets, the funner it is. They're here! They're here! That's it! It's 9:30! You guys are supposed to be in bed! I keep thinking it's this giant cosmic joke, that I'm going to wake up, the last eight hours never happened at all. And you're sure we don't have to move? He said do it in Phoenix. Do it where you live. Find some space, hire some people, make me some money. Hey,should we tell the kids? Should we wake the kids? let's not. Hey,Ariel,what's going on? I didn't hear them come in. How are we supposed to get our good-night kisses? Yeah. I don't know what to tell you guys. They're still in the garage. Well,what do you think they're doing out there? - Don't they know they have kids?