Hi, someone please tell me what's happening up there ? It's impossible to fire with all that ... lumber out there in the middle of the yard. You know, it's, it's a skateboard ramp or it's going to be whenever he finishes it. When he finishes it... Well, what do you want to know ? Look, it's simple, you're living in a house with five other people. The backyard is everybody's backyard so you can't let your project sitting out there in the middle of the yard. - I don't understand why it's so a bid deal, -You have to put it away. I mean if it's in your way, you can moove it, I won't get mad. Brian, you're missing the point. I don't want to put your things away. No one else in this family wants to put your things away. You're 15. I shouldn't have to explain common courtesy to you. No, no, not salad. Anything but salad. I don't want to hear anything about salad. Brian? Are you okay? Yeah. Here, drink that. No. You all right? No. Joe. Try and spit it out. Cough it up. Come on, now. You okay? No. Yeah. It's nothing. It's almost spring. I had a Brian dream. I guess I was due. Hey, what are you doing? Where are you going? It's not even 6:00 a.m. I screwed up. We're all out of coffee. I was at the market, I had it on my list and everything. I don't know what happened. We're all out. Okay. We're all out. We'll drink tea. We'll drink that nasty flavored stuff that my mother gave us for Christmas. I'll go get the coffee. Hey, where you going? I'm going to get coffee. What time did you get up, Al? Hmm, 5:00 a.m.? 4:00? 3:00? What difference does it make? A while ago. And I've done nothing except get myself very upset. So why don't you cut me a little slack and just let me get in the car and maybe cry a little where no one can see me or hear me and I will come home with a sack of coffee. It's been 15 years, Al. For God's sake, cut yourself a little bit of slack. It was nothing. It was Mother Nature's way of saying she didn't get things quite right the first time, that's all. - God, don't give me a biology lesson. - And to hurry up and to try again, which we did. Just let me get the coffee. And it worked out great. Are you guys not open yet? Um, manager hasn't shown up. She's supposed to be here at 5:30 for the morning rush, but... I think I have her cell number. It's almost 6:30. I hear something. I wonder why she isn't answering. Don't hang up. I think I hear something inside. I'm getting her voice mail. Hang up. Call again. Hang up, call the police. Watch out, please. - Help me with this. - What... Help me with this. She must really be jonesing for that latte. Hello? Cancel that APB. I'm fine. I'm at The Coffee Palace and have been for the last... hour. Okay. You're okay. Good. I'm glad. It's not what you think. I got here, a woman had been assaulted, so I called the police, I'm just waiting to hear. I'm sorry about before. Huh? What? There's nothing to be sorry about. Um, oh, wait. Scratch that. You didn't bring home the coffee. You should be deeply sorry. Am  I taking the girls to school? Uh, could you? I don't think I could leave right now. No, I figured. Listen, I got to run. Cool. They tell me you're the one who found the body. Anything you want to tell me? I was just coming to buy some coffee, but it's almost 7:30 in the morning, we got the District Attorney, someone from the mayor's office. Is there anything I should know? No. Me? I'm just showing the flag. There's been a string of robberies in the neighborhood and the local store owners are up in arms, as you can imagine. Her? Victim's  name's Cristin Morehouse. Age 32. She's the store manager. Looks like she died from blunt force trauma to the head. The weapon was most likely a large, stainless steel thermos they found near the body. They sell them here. Any theories on how the perpetrator gained entry? We still don't know but there's a couple of hundred missing from the register. So is that official? Are we characterizing this as a robbery gone bad? I mean, can I give that to the press? Wait a second... who robs a store at 6:00 in the morning? There's no real money at 6:00 in the morning. What did he still, her change? I'm  sorry. I shouldn't have... I just... God, I would kill for a coffee. What are you doing? What have you got in there? This isn't your room anymore, Ariel. It's still my house, and if you have something in there, I have the right to know what it is. No, you don't. Fine, then let's get dad. Can you keep a secret? I don't know... show me what's in the closet and I'll tell you. Dad! Hello? You're home. You figured that out, huh? Uh, have you been in the garage yet? Come on, man, do your thing. Time's a-wastin'. I hate dogs. Come on. Yes, sir. 7:30. I'll be happy to go with you. Good night. My boss wants me to go to a memorial service, tomorrow, for Cristin Morehouse. Apparently there's going to be a lot press there and since I'm the one who found the body... Hmm. So you can handle the kids tomorrow, and the dog? I left the patio door open. Maybe he'll run away. You did not. All right, I did not. But what are we going to do? We're gonna make flyers, see if he belongs to anyone. Okay, what if he does? What do we do then? Bridgette's already completely attached to him. I heard her tell Marie that she wanted to marry him and have his puppies. I'm serious. There's no winning on this. Either his owner comes to claim him and then I got to rip the dog out of our sobbing daughter's arms, or he doesn't come to claim him and we're stuck with that mangy mutt until Marie goes to college and I can lure him under the wheels of a passing truck. God is gonna get you. All right, forget the passing truck. I'll put something in his food. It's much more humane. He won't feel a thing. You're such a liar. - You love that dog. - I do not. - I do not. - I know you do. All right, so who's gonna make the flyers, me or you? I'll do it tomorrow. Do you think maybe I should give him a bath? A little doggy bath? Hose him down, filthy little critter. Come here. Oh! What are you doing? I don't want your spit on me. Do you want them to give you a job? Well, people don't hire people who don't wipe their mouths after they eat. You look nice. Go get 'em, kid. Thank you. You're crazy. What? Oh, I don't know. This. I've just put on this dark suit too many times, been driven to too many memorials, listened to too many politicians promise way too often that whoever it was didn't die in vain. That now we're going to do something different, now we're gonna make it safe. Even made the speech myself a couple of times. Sorry. It's just I know we'll never get these two hours back. Still no leads? One. Turns out Cristin Morehouse and her husband were going through a bad time. Police were even called to the apartment twice. He finally moved out about month ago. What are you saying? I'm not sure I'm really saying anything. Just  a really smart lady asked me yesterday "Who robs a store at 6:00 in the morning?" It got me thinking. Kids or someone she knew that, uh, really wasn't interested in the money at all. Morning. It's the new Deputy Mayor. Congratulations,by the way. Thank you. I think. I'll let you know in an hour or so. You'll do great. It's a memorial. It's not like anyone's charging admission. Just tell them that you're going to catch the bad guys and make the streets safe again. Hit 'em with the task force thing. They love the task force thing. The Mayor, the District Attorney and the Chief of Police are all keenly aware that robbery and, yes, even murder, have become far too matter-of-fact in Saguaro Heights. With that in mind, the Mayor has authorized a special task force charged with addressing neighborhood crime in the Saguaro Heights area. Found the husband. He's coming in to talk. And here comes the press. James. This is Allison Dubois. She works in my office. You might want to speak with her. She's the one who actually discovered the body. Excuse me. Is that true? Uh... uh-huh. Yesterday morning. Uh... I-I couldn't sleep so I woke up early and I was looking for a coffee place. As someone who works in the prosecutor's office, do you think there's any truth to the charge by locals that this area is under-policed? That some of the wealthier communities in the town get more city protection? Ma'am would you answer to that ? Ma'am? You're saying you haven't seen your wife since... A week ago Saturday. She called and said there was a problem with the garbage disposal. I went over to the house to fix it. I mean, it's my house, too. She's still my wife. I mean... she was. If you don't mind my asking, What exactly was the trouble between you and your wife? So what's your sense of him? Excuse me? Our guys here, what do you think? I don't really have a sense. But mostly it was the kids thing. We both wanted kids. There were problems. No matter what we did, we couldn't seem to get pregnant. Well, that must have been tough on both of you. She blamed herself. Way before I knew her, she... I mean... she had problems with drugs. - But she wouldn't talk about it... - A place like The Coffee Palace. They have to have employee files. Is there any way I could get a look at those? Job applications-- that kind of thing? I think Lee's already ahead of you on this. I saw the files on his desk. Feel free to have a look at them when we're done here. Jessie  Andrews. Wow. So, I mean, by that point, I already had his address. Wait a second, you didn't actually go there, did you? How could I not? I mean, I didn't actually go up to his door and knock. But I drove by. I parked across the street. Al, Al, Al. How could I not? See where he lives, see the color of his house, what his street looks like, who his neighbors might be. Al, it's easy-- you just don't go. You don't understand. No, Allison, I do. I understand completely. You had a dream about our unborn child. And in that dream, our unborn child looked a lot like this kid that you saw at this memorial service. And that's it-- that's the whole connection. Look, Allison... take a step back. Get a little perspective. Joe, he looked exactly like... Fine, but that doesn't mean that he's our son. That doesn't mean that he's anything to us, except a kid in a dream. Look, you go to this coffee shop once, maybe twice a month, right? Well, isn't it possible that you saw him there and that you just don't remember? And that you bore his face, and you put it... you gave it to the kid in your dream? Daddy, Angus is scratching at the patio door! Yeah, I'll be right there, Bridge. Look, I-I'm sorry. I... I know that you're going through something, and I want to... I want to say something to make it... I don't know,not hurt so bad. Mom! Mom! Brian! It's Mrs. Morehouse-- she's dead! I'm sorry! She's just dead! What are you talking about? What happened? Brian... Brian, answer me! Why were you there?! You are not supposed to go there anymore! What were you thinking?! Brian! Brian. Okay... okay... Okay, we-we-we've got everything under control now. I'll take care of your clothes. You finish your bath. And when you're done with your bath... I want you to take a shower. And when you're done with your shower, I want you to take another bath. And... when you're all finished... call me in and I'll... I'll clean everything up. Oh... Hello. Good morning. This is your official civil servant wake-up call. Mr. District Attorney. I think we have a viable suspect in the Morehouse case. And I've just authorized Detective Scanlon to make contact and see if we can't bring him in here and have a conversation. And I was hoping you might be able to join us. Wait a second, I'm confused. What about the husband? The husband has a rock-solid alibi. Turns out he was with a woman the morning of the murder. A married woman, no less. And not withstanding the obvious embarassement for all involvment, she's willing to corroborate his whereabouts. I expect to hear  from Scanlon any minute. I wanted him to speak with this kid before he left home to go to school. A kid? Yeah, we're zeroing in on one of the suspects who worked there, if you can believe it. A boy named Andrews. Uh, Jessie Andrews. I don't know. I mean, I figured the first boss I'd have would be some big fat guy who'd yell at me. And she wasn't like that. She was really nice and-and pretty and... you could talk to her about stuff. She'd just talk back to you. I don't know, I-I really... I really liked it there. She made it really nice. Some of the other kids said you were buying her things. It was for her birthday. The other kids told him that it was her birthday, so he brought her some perfume. It's nice, that's a very nice thing for a young man to do. You should be very proud. Okay, so you bought her some perfume. Um, he didn't really buy it. He... borrowed it from my dresser. I mean... It was expensive. I think she was a little thrown by it. Jessie, do you think that contributed to her decision to let you go? You guys know about that? We looked at your employee file and some of your former colleagues filled us in on what happened, yes. I think it was both ways. I think... I mean, maybe I wasn't concentrating enough at work, 'cause... I like... talking to her. But I also think that she really liked talking to me when I was around. So, I don't know, I guess... I don't-I don't blame her. So you weren't mad at her? I mean, when she we was still alive you weren't angry with her, right? No. God, no. I just... missed her. I still miss her. Okay? So, she fired you. But you didn't stay away. Obviously, Jessie didn't handle things as well as he might have. He  didn't tell me that he'd been fired at first. I think perhaps he was embarrassed. Be that as it may, it's our understanding that things got a bit emotional. It was his first job. He didn't want to lose it. Of course not. Jessie, could you tell us where you were Wednesday morning between 5:00 and 6:00 a.m.? Is my son being accused of something here? No one is being accused of anything. Every employee at The Coffee Palace has been interviewed and every employee at The Coffee Palace has answered that question. If you'd like to stop and find Jessie an attorney, we'll certainly understand. But in my opinion, if he has nothing to hide, then it would be a foolish waste of time and money.  But it is up to you. Go ahead, Jess. - I was sleeping at home. - Can anybody verify that? I can. I got home from the hospital around 4:30. In the morning? I had performed an emergency C-section. I'm an obstetrician. Anyway, I peeked in on him, as I always do, and there he was. Was there anybody else at home with you, Dr. Andrews? No. I'm not married, Detective. It's just the two of us, Jessie and me. May I ask what size shoe you wear, Jessie? Excuse me. Did you ask all the other employees that? Dr. Andrews, I'm sure you read the papers, and I'm sure you know how much pressure we're all under to get to the bottom of this. But we can't do that until we can eliminate all the people that had contact with Mrs. Morehouse. We found footprints in the victim's blood at the scene. The tread marks indicate they came from a pair of size nine sneakers. I'm no detective, but aren't there a lot of people who wear size nine? Thank you. You ever own a pair of Z-Jams, Jess? You don't have to answer that. We came down here voluntarily to help your investigation. If you're going to make my son out as a suspect, I will find a lawyer. That's absolutely your prerogative, Dr. Andrews. - I wouldn't hurt her... - No. Not another word, Jess. Mom, Bridgette's giving Angus our breakfast. Bridgette... Angus has his food and we have ours. Just checked my cell. No calls overnight to claim our friend here. Does that mean we get to keep him? Uh-oh. You know what, let's just take it one step at a time. Give it a few more days. Nobody wants that dog. Bridgette wants that dog. I guess I got to go find a truck. So, what are you thinking? I'm thinking that maybe I'll drop him off at the vet on my way to work this morning, do some due diligence, see if he's got all his shots. At least that way, if we decide to keep him, we'd know what to expect. Hey, good looking, what's cooking? Fish. You want to check this place out with me? I really appreciate you staying open these extra 15 minutes. I tried to get off work early and then the phone rang... No, no, no, no. When they explained to me that you and Angus were new clients... Mr. Dubois, did you say this dog was a stray? Well, yeah. My daughter brought him home a few days ago. So, she's not too attached to him then? She's, well... You know kids, she's, uh... she's very attached. Are you saying he belongs to somebody else? I'm saying that he's sick. He's sick? What's wrong with him? Well, for starters, I'd say he's about 12 years old. So in dog years, that's... 84. He's 84? Well, the age thing is not an exact science, but... it's about right, yeah. Even with a simple examination, I can tell you that his liver's enlarged, his eyesight is going, and... his breathing is clearly labored. Is he going to be okay? I wish I had better news. So what are you saying? Are you saying, he's going to die? I'm afraid so. How long? Anywhere from a week to a week and a half. When do you want to tell her? Do we have to tell her? I don't know. I'll give you a hundred dollars if you'll do it. No, thanks. I fear I've already destroyed one child's life for the day. One is my limit. Good news and bad news. I'll take any news at this point. The good news is we tested the clothes. Blood came from Cristin Morehouse. And the sneakers match the footprints from the crime scene. A laundry tag on the shirt is traceable back to Jessie Andrews. We got a squad car on the way to pick him up right now. And the bad news is, obviously, we haven't gotten to the bottom of the bigger crime problem in the neighborhood, but I'll take my victorieswhere I can get them. Allison? Congratulations. If you'll excuse me, I'm not feeling terribly well. Feeling any better? I'm sorry? I asked if you were feeling any better. You said you were going to leave almost two hours ago. Well, to answer your question, no, I don't-I don't feel any better. I feel horrible. You asked me the other day if I though that boy was innocent and I didn't say anything. Because, honestly, everything that I dreamed tells me that he is guilty as hell. But what I can't make sense of... is everything I feel... tells me to protect him. Like a parent, like a mother. For what it's worth, just now when they brought him in to book him he finally admitted that he did go see Morehouse that morning. Knew she'd be there all by herself opening up the store. Of course, he claimed that she was already dead when he got there, not that he called the police or anything. I mean, if it makes you feel any better. Well, maybe he's telling the truth. Maybe she was dead when he found her. Allison... Couldn't we at least consider the possibility? Take another look at the husband, or the woman that he was seeing? Maybe she was the one who wanted Cristin out of the picture. Okay, I'm going to go back to work now. Deal with some cases that are truly unresolved and in need of some attention. Okay, you know what? If it's all the same to you, can I just take another look at the files? Thank you. How goes the fine-tooth combing? Actually, I'm confused. Your boss mentioned that. That's not what I'm talking about. Kevin Morehouse said his wife wasn't able to have children, but, according to the coroner's report, the shape of her uterus is indicative of her having given birth at some point in her life. Okay. Look, I'm not sure where you're going with this, but you should know, the kid's lawyer is on his way down here now to talk deal. I'm sorry, Allison, but the kid's guilty, and even his attorney knows it. Let me tell you what we know. We know that your client had something of an obsession with Mrs. Morehouse. We also know that he had a confrontation with her the day she died, and she was upset to the point of calling the young man's mother to take him home. We know that a bag of his blood-spattered clothing was found in a Dumpster earlier this morning, and the the blood was a perfect match for that of Mrs. Morehouse. Now I'll tell you what I think. I think I have more than enough here to make a case against your client. And I think if I try him as an adult, that the jury won't hesitate to give him the maximum sentence. He's barely 15 years old. You're talking about taking away the next 30 years of his life. I'd be lying if I said that Jessie's age didn't give me pause. Which is the only reason that I will consider a deal. Provided he signs a full confession, I'll recommend manslaughter. Four years in a juvenile detention facility. If, however, you'd rather take this to trial, know that I will prosecute Jessie as an adult, and I will seek the maximum. Feel free to talk it over. You've got 15 minutes. How long are you going to do this? For the rest of my life. You got an issue with that? Not me. Just seems like there's going to be a lot of wasted space in our bed. Maybe I should put an ad in the paper. See if I can rent out half. He confessed to everything. Did he say why he did it? The day she called his mother to pick him up, he was humiliated. So he decided he didn't want it to end that way. He set his alarm, woke up early, went back the next morning, caught her when she was opening up. She got upset. He grabbed a thermos. And what about his real mom? Dr. Andrews? What about her? Did she confess to putting his clothes in that Dumpster? No. It didn't come up. And I didn't say anything. She's an adult, Joe. She would have done more time for being an accessory than he's going to do for the actual murder. So she just gets to walk? She was just trying to protect her kid. And at least this way she'll be able to be there for him when he gets out in four years. And if you want to know the truth, if it was Ariel or Bridgette or Marie, I would have done the exact same thing. Speaking of protecting your kid, I don't, I don't suppose you've come up with any bright ideas for telling our middle child that her dog is dying. Yeah. Me, neither. Well, I got half a bed to try and rent. See ya. Jessie's manager? Uh... Cristin. Uh, Mrs. Morehouse. Dr. Andrews? I-I am so sorry about Jessie. Have we met before ? No, I don't believe we have, no. Are you sure? What kind of doctor are you exactly? If I can ask. I have to run. I'm due back at the hospital in 20 minutes. I'm terribly sorry. He will not bother you again. Dr. Andrews? Dr. Andrews! Dr. Andrews! He's mine, isn't he?! He's mine! Mine... He's mine! What does she mean? What's she yelling about? Nothing, honey. Absolutely nothing. Come in. I know I'm a little late. The hospital was just... I understand. I'm glad I caught you while you were in the city. No, as soon as you said it might help Jessie... How's he doing? As well as can be expected. Considering. I just... there's some inconsistencies in here and I was hoping you could help me clear them up. Anything I can tell you. Anything you want to know. Uh, Dr. Andrews, the, the night before Cristin Morehouse died, the night she called you and had you come and pick up Jessie, was that the first time you'd ever met her? I believe so, yes. All right. Well, here's the thing. I was looking through Cristin's autopsy report, and apparently she'd given birth to a child at some point in her life. All right. Well, it made me curious because her husband said that infertility was a real issue for them. So I-I did some checking, and I... came across this death certificate. Apparently she had  given birth to a child many years before her marriage. The baby had died moments after it came into the world. What am I looking at here? You signed the death certificate, Dr. Andrews. You were there. All right. Yes, that's my signature. It... 15 years ago. A different last name. I honestly have no recollection of the woman. Well, here's another interesting thing-- contradiction-wise. Apparently, on the night you were presiding over the death of Cristin's son, you... were also giving birth to one of your own. Dr. Andrews. 15 years ago I was an intern volunteering a few hours a week at a clinic downtown. One night a woman stumbled in, high like most of our patients. She said she was in a lot of pain, she didn't know why. After a short exam, I told her she was eight months pregnant and she was in labor. She didn't know. She didn't want to know. She told me her whole life was about doing drugs. She didn't know who the father was. She didn't care. I told her the baby was comingand she looked at me and said, people pay a lot for a white baby, right?" What did I think she could get for it? She was in pain, so I gave her something to help her sleep, and an hour later, Jessie came into the world. I cleaned him up, wrapped him in a blanket, and I was going to call the police, but he was shaking so hard. Shaking? Jessie was born an addict. So I just... waited. And I held him, rocked him until he quieted down. I can still feel the weight of his tiny body in my arms. I can still see his sweet face. He was so helpless, and he just needed someone to take care of him, someone to protect him, and somehow I knew... that person had to be me. My life as I knew it was over. I gave it to him. I gave him... everything I had. You became his mother. When Cristin woke up, I told her the baby had died. I knew what I was doing was wrong, but I swear to you, Mrs. Dubois,if anything, she was relieved. And that's when I knew, this was the best thing for everybody. It was certainly the best thing for Jessie. And you never saw her again. We moved to Tempe, he and I. No one knew us, no one cared. We moved here to Phoenix three years later. I-I supposed she was long gone, probably long dead. And then last week... I went to The Coffee Palace. She recognized me. She told me that she was clean now, that she could be a good mother to Jessie. She said she had a right to him. I begged her to be reasonable, to work with me, but... she said she would call the police and... after that, I don't remember what happened except she was reaching for the phone and... I must have hit her. I don't even know. I was so scared I just left. I just left her there. Where Jessie found her, when he went there hoping to talk to her. There are people I need to go get. There are people that we need to tell. I know you must think I'm a horrible person, letting him take the blame for what I did. But you see, I thought, at least this way, I can be there for him when he gets out. And now... he'll go into foster care. And the only mother he's ever known will spend the rest of her life apart from him. Ask yourself, Mrs. Dubois: Would you have done any differently if you were in my shoes? I'll be right back. So you ready to do this? How did I get roped into this? Thank you. I appreciate your support. Bridge. We need to talk to you about something. Am I in trouble? You mind if I turn off the TV? What'd I do? Hey, Bridge, do you remember when I took Angus to the vet the other day? Uh, well, it turns out Angus isn't really okay. I'm afraid he's very sick. He doesn't have long to live. Yeah, I know. You know? Sure. I knew the second I saw him. He's very old, you know. Bridge, honey, if you knew he was going to die, why did you ask if we could keep him? Bridge, honey, why didn't you say something? Because I knew how much you liked him, Daddy. And I didn't want to see you all sad. I don't think I could've handled it. Aha. Can me and Angus have our cartoons back now?