If I could please get everyone on the ground, I assure you we will go about our business quickly. You,get up. Please,don't! Not a word. Give me the bag! All right,people,you, I need you to fill that bag with everything you've got or this poor girl's brains a gonna be all over your floor. Ma'am,don't look at us. Look at the floor,you'll live longer. Hurry up! Please,ma'am,just look at the floor. Michael? Is that you,michael? Does mom know what you're doing? Allison,what are you doing here? Is this your bank? You go to this bank? Yeah,it is,mr. Tough guy bank robber. You look stupid with that thing on your head. Could you please not do that? This is my work.I'm at work now. I know you're my sister, but show a little respect. I wouldn't go to your work and make fun of you. I'm sorry. Thanks. I loved the christmas card. Thank you. Yeah. Those girls of yours,really grown up. Hey,baby brother,guess who. Haven't heard from you in awhile, so I figured I'd give you a call,see what's up. Girls. Say hi to your uncle michael. Hi,uncle michael. Well,anyway,I'm at home right now, but I'm leaving for work soon, so give me a call on my cell when you get this. I miss you. Want to hear your voice. what? It's 7:00 in the morning. Where could my brother be? Michael? Maybe sleeping it off. Look what time it is. What are we doing,guys? Nobody's dressed. Come on. short day,huh? Armed gunmen at the phoenix west bank. I'll be back. Do you mind if I come along? Be my guest. Allison,you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost. Oh,sorry. This place just looks familiar. Maybe I've been here before. Three males in stocking masks came through the door at 8:37 this morning. They fired several rounds into the ceiling to prove they were serious, then grabbed a female customer, and threatened to kill her if the tellers didn't hand over the money. Did they actually shoot anyone? No,but they did take the female customer with them when they left. Have we id'ed her yet? We're working on it. The other customers describe her as a caucasian woman in her mid-20's,redhead. ...Know why they took her out the door with them, but we're still hoping they let her go somewhere between here and wherever they're headed. Did anyone actually get a look at these bank robbers? Did anyone see them? No. Like I said,they were wearing masks. So no one was killed,no one was actually shot, here in the bank,I mean. For the second time,allison, no one mentioned anything about anyone being shot. Doesn't sound to me like you have anything to worry about. How can you say that? It's easy,I just think it, and it comes out of my mouth. Allison,you just finished describing to me, in exhaustive detail,all the ways your dream is different from what happened in real life. In real life,no one was shot. In real life,you were not there. And in real life, your baby brother is in sunny san diego and nowhere near phoenix,arizona. What are you worried about? Anyway,I'm at home right now, but I'm leaving for work soon, so call me on my cell when you get this. I miss you. Want to hear your voice. Hello? Hello. Sir. Can I get a drink? One beer. Here you go. All I want is one lousy vodka tonic. Hey,barkeep! One lousy vodka tonic. And put it on my tab. Funny. This is so not the sort of place I normally come to. I'm not even sure I know how I ended up here. So,now you know my sordid past. Let's hear yours. Okay. Well, I, uh, I growed up in the midwest. I played some high school ball. Never made it to the college ranks, because I had the grades of a cretin. I bumped around from job to job a bit. One night,I got really drunk with a bunch of friends and woke up an enlisted man. You're a soldier? Was a soldier. Two tours in afghanistan. Got back last winter,moved to san diego. Oh,yes,people like me have endless possibilities. If you're expecting an ambush, I'm your guy. Shooting,hand-to-hand combat, peeling potatoes-- oh,yes,I have an extraordinary skill set. Don't worry. I'm sure you'll find something. What? Come on,you were thinking something. What was it? Just... I'm sort of having a little problem. An old boyfriend problem. Anyway... not important. It's a new day with new friends. Besides... probably not up for that sort of thing. What kind of thing? This old boyfriend need his potato peeled or what? Forget I brought it up. Back to you and your sordid life. Come on. What'd you do today,soldier boy? I mean,besides... arriving in phoenix,arizona. Hmm... I call front seat! You had it yesterday,doofus! You can't call front seat two days in a row! Can,too! Hey,no you can't! Hey,hey,hey. Bridgette,that's my seat! Bridgette,come on.My seat. - Bridgette! - No,no,no. - Mine. - Let's go. No touching. Mom. Mommy,is that uncle michael in that car over there? Hang on a second,kids. Michael. hey,sis. Didn't order a wake-up call. What are you doing here? What am I doing here? What are you doing here? Mom,is that him? Is it uncle michael? Can we stay home from school,mommy? Well,you better wipe that look of horrified disapproval off your face and give me a hug. Got impressionable young people watching us. Tell me you're okay. I'm okay. Tell me you have some idea just how badly you smell. Hey,kids! Your mother's making fun of me! Michael. sorry I didn't call. I was driving all yesterday, and didn't get into phoenix till around 10:00. You've been out here that whole time? I didn't say that. Last call was around 2:00, and I didn't feel comfortable ringing your bell at that hour. But,also,I'm not sure i could've found your bell at that hour. Wait a sec. Did I forget the part where I ask if i can crash here for a couple days? 'Cause if it's a problem... no,it's not a problem. I just... I need to drop the girls off at school and day care. Why don't you come with me? I'll call in to work, I'll tell them I'm taking a personal day, and we can catch up. Any other morning,I'd be all over that. But I've been dreaming about lying prone, not to mention taking a crack at your indoor plumbing. Oh... swear to me that you will take a shower before you lay down on my couch. I swear on my children's lives. You have no children. But I-I want them. I want them desperately. all right,kids,I'll see you tonight. Mind your mother! God knows she minds me. So he's in phoenix, that still doesn't make him a bank robber. I know that,it's just the timing. Showing up on our doorstep the day after a robbery? Did I mention the enormous bag that he pulled out of the back seat? Was it a burlap sack? Big black dollar sign painted on the side? No... joe,I got to go. I'll call you back,I think something's up. Just got off the phone with detective scanlon. He thinks we may have found our missing hostage from yesterday's bank robbery. Two hikers found herin the desert near route 10 a few hours ago--stark naked, lying in a ditch. Coroner thinks she was out there about a day. Right age,right build. But you're not sure? There's some confusion as to whether it's really her. I don't understand. Does she have red hair? It's a little hard to tell. Seems whoever killed her cut off her hands and cut off her head. hey. Hey. well...I don't smell anything, so it can't be dinnertime. No,it's early afternoon. You want something to eat? Uh-uh. forgive me for asking... but what are you doing here,mike? I mean,you're welcome to stay, but... this bag is big enough to hold practically everything you own. So... are you visiting? Are you passing through? Are you hiding? You know me,sis. If I were to ask you, would you be able to tell me exactly where you were at 8:30 yesterday morning? On the road coming here. Why? Did you stop anywhere along the way? Maybe at a bank? What? No. You need some money? You're positive? I'm positive. You want to tell me where you're heading with this thing? I had a dream about you two nights ago. I had to see if there was any truth to it. You do know that you just used the words "truth" and "dream" in the same sentence,right? Okay. So this dream of yours, it hinges on where I was at 8:30 yesterday? Well,8:37,actually. What is this? Just a speeding ticket. Got it on my way out of california. look at the time. "Eight fifty-nine." does that help? Oh,yeah. Absolutely! I'm so glad you're here. Mm. Ooph-- you never did take that shower, did you? Uh-uh. Oh! Hello,everybody! I'm home! Hold that applause. Dinner won't be ready for 45 minutes. I'm making something special. Well,it's nice to see you,too. Where is everyone? Homework. Marie? Coloring homework. Well,where's everyone's favorite fugitive? He's not a fugitive. I was wrong about him. Actually,he left for a date. A date? Guy's been in town about a minute, he already has a date? What can I say,we benoit kids never wanted for company. Huh. Wow. We got all kinds of things boilin' and broilin' here. pretend I'm not even here. I'm not staying,I just forgot my wallet. - Hey. -Hey. Looks like you're going to miss a hell of a dinner. I know. I feel bad. Although,truthfully? At this hour I'm in more of a breakfast mode. Yeah. What a shock. So,I guess I'll see you in the morning? I will see you in the morning. I'm going to go clean up, say hi to the girls. Hey,where's your date? Lia? She's outside smoking. Well,why don't you invite her inside so we can meet her? Eh,negative,sis,I just met this honey. No offense,but I don't want to scare her off by having her meet family. No fair--that's peeking. She's pretty. Yeah,I know. And for some reason,she likes me. Go figure. Did you find your wallet? Ah,yes,I did,but,you know, the funny thing is,though, the damn thing's still... still empty. Right. How much you need? Wh...uh... you know, it's only going to be till I get to the bank, and it's not a fortune; we're going to that cowboy joint down by the interstate, which is pretty cheap. How much? Uh,forty? Sixty? Just keep this between us. did you see the price of a drink in this place? It's okay,it's a hotel. We don't have to order anything, we can just sit here. Yeah,but why? You asked me where I wanted to go. All right. lia... if you're going to let me take you to a fancy place like this but not let me spend a dime on you... then the least you could do is maybe not stare at other men. Don't let the suit fool you-- he's not really a man, he just impersonates one. It makes it easier for him to steal your soul. You know him? We worked together. Traveled together for about a year. He has a horrible temper, but he's really good at what he does. I thought he'd change,I'd change him. But at a certain point, you realize that's not going to happen. And some day he might just get so angry, he kills you. Stupid. Stupid,stupid. But you guys are over now,right? Oh,yeah. Definitely. I had the audacity to suggest that since we worked as a team, we should get paid as a team. And I should get my fair share. Uh-huh. He seemed to think that living with him, being with him... sleeping with him,that was payment enough. Who's that? He worked with us,too. There were three of them. What kind of work did you do? High finance. Moving money around. It sounds more complicated than it is. Mm-hmm. Okay,uh...I'm sorry, why are we here? Why are we doing this? I don't want to spend all night sitting here staring at some guy that you say you're over. No. No. You're right,I'm sorry. It's not what you think. See,when we had our fight, when he threw me out? I never got my stuff. It's still upstairs. Everything--everything-- I own, my I.D.,My money,my clothes. Everything. I just... I sort of thought that with you here, I might be able to work up the courage to walk up to him,talk to him. But I can'T. He scares you that much? You want me to talk to him? No. No,that won't work, he's not a reasonable person. Well,what are you going to do? I don't know. I know he's got an important meeting tomorrow night before he gets out of here and moves on to nevada. He'll be out of here for hours. Uh,what are you talking about? You talking about breaking into his room? Damnit. He's coming over here. So. Let me ask you a question. So what time is this guy leaving his room tomorrow? I can help the next person. I think she's in on it,sir. Our missing hostage? I think she's still alive, and the reason we haven't found her is she doesn't want to be found, because she's part of the gang that robbed that bank. I had a dream about her last night. She was taking a picture with her cell phone of the security guard while his back was turned away. Well,that's hardly proof. Think about it. It's been 36 hours,not one single person has come forward to identify the woman in that footageas a loved one. Cell phone picture,huh? Actually,sort of clever. You plant someone in the bank to let you know when the guard's distracted so that you can make your entrance at the most effective moment. Someone who won't put up a fight when you suddenly grab them and put a gun to their head. Help convince everyone you're serious. Ah,it'S...it's a nice theory, but where does it leave our headless corpse? Well,nowhere,except we can be reasonably sure that she's not our bank hostage. And where does it leave our robbers? We still don't have a clue as to who they are or where they've gone. Not necessarily. It was right where you said it would be. And? Loaded with prints. Amelia purcell. Arrested twice for shoplifting in 2002. Almost had her again in 2004 for running a pyramid scheme out of her apartment, but the charge didn't stick. Suspected in a couple of identity theft cases in 2005. She's a grifter,a con woman. Here's the punch line: Turns out we had amelia purcell's dna on file, so we ran it against the headless body in the morgue,just to rule out any possibility that it might actually be her. Only the weird thing is it ruled her in. - What? - Dna was a perfect match. Dead lady in the morgue is amelia purcell. The suite is on the top floor,room 1015. The suitcase is like a brown tweed with a tan handle. Are you sure you want to do this? Where do you want me to take the bag once I have it? Where you staying? Hello? You were living with this guy, and now you're not. Lia,when... when I drop you off here at night when you go to pick up your car, where do you go? Okay.Yeah. You know what?I understand. You just met me. You know me well enough to break and enter for you, but not to actually know where you sleep at night. Makes sense to me. Michael... just wait here. And you're positive this girl is dead? For almost three days now. Well,I'm confused. Didn't you say that you saw her outside of our house last night? Yeah,that's just the thing. I did,joe. I saw her,'cause I see dead people. And apparently,michael saw her because... because like sister like brother. I get that. But aren't you usuallypretty good at knowing one when you see one? No,not all the time,no. And this girl I saw at night, through the window at a distance. And my brother,he doesn't even believe in this stuff. He never has. So the possibility wouldn't even cross his mind. I wonder if she even knows. Well,that happens sometimes. A person dies so suddenly, so violently,they don't even know what happened. They just go through their life wondering here on earth for awhile why everything feels so funny. I don't get that. Wouldn't you figure out pretty quickly what's going on once you realized the living couldn't see you anymore? Well,that's just it. Maybe amelia purcell never got there, 'cause the first person she saw after she died could see her, and has been seeing her ever since. Are you gonna tell him? You've got to tell him. How are you gonna tell him? No,no,no,no. No,no,no,no. Oh,you got to be kidding me. Oh,god. I know how this must look. I can totally explain. I was,I was just leaving this out here for room service to pick up, and the damn door slammed shut behind me. Must lock automatically, 'cause...I can't get back in. So,here I am. No key. No pants. ma'am? Oh,god bless you. God bless you. You are so gonna get a big tip. ...Tan handle. Brown tweed,tan handle. Brown tweed......tan handle. You weren't supposed to be here. Never seen you before. You must be finance guy number three. So...here's the thing,finance guy. I just came for lia's things, so it's kind of up to you. We can mix it up a bit. But I just got back from two years in afghanistan, so I'll filet you eight ways from sunday. So my advice is you sit your balance sheet ass down and let me slip out that door. And after that,if you want to call hotel security so they can fill out an insurance claim form, that's between you and them. Cool. excuse me,you want to,uh... what are you... man,I just... what are you doing? It's just a bunch of chick stuff! do you hear that? Well,that just sounds like saturday morning to me. It's too loud. Gonna wake michael. Have you guys seen your uncle michael? Everything okay? Michael never came home last night. So maybe lucky got lucky. Can you get lucky with a ghost? Think he's in trouble. lia. You're lia,right? You're michael's friend? I'm michael's sister allison. I'm sorry to bother you, it's just I'm really worried about michael. I mean,he didn't come home last night. I was hoping he might be here,but... do you know where he might have gone? Damn,the sun's up already. Lia,I'm really worried about my brother. You're the sister that works with the police,right? I'm sorry,I can't help you right now. As you can see,I've got problems of my own. Just got to think for a minute. How'd I get in this car? I think I can help you. I know what's going on. I know how disconnected you must feel. How you keep losing track of time, you keep finding yourself in places and not knowing quite how you got there, but never being able to get very far from this place, from this bar,from this parking lot. I don't know what you're talking about. Haven't you wondered how you got here? I mean,what is the last thing you remember? I don't know. Um,walking in this place,meeting your brother. Before that. Fought with my boyfriend. Left our hotel,got in my car,just driving. My cell phone rung. It was him. He was in his car,too,trying to find me. We pulled off the interstate, parked here,got back in his car. He started driving again. We started fighting again,about money,I think. And then what happened? Nothing. We fought all the time. Nothing happened. Are you sure? Don't you remember him pulling off the road in the dark late at night? He pulled off the interstate,lia. It happened about 200 yards from here. I don't remember that. Sure you do. So did he drag you out of the car, or did you step out freely? He... he pulled me out...by my hair. I remember... I remember hearing the sound of the trucks going by,the whooshing. And then I heard the gunshot. It must have gone in the back of my head. And after that... after that,it doesn't matter. After that,you met michael. Yeah.Oh,my god. What's going on here? He sees me. You see me. Does that mean the two of you are? Oh. So,um...how does this work? Do I ever get to see him again? It's better than that. You get to watch him forever. But,lia,I really need to know where he is. Know anything about money laundering,michael? Starts with a very large sum of money, money that can be traced, money stolen from a bank. It works like this. You take your very large sum of traceable money and exchange it for a smaller sum of money that is clean, money that cannot be traced. And we've got a meeting with a man about that very thing in about...30 minutes? And then I'm getting out of dodge, so between now and then, I need to know what I'm going to do with you. I need to know what I'm dealing with, mr. Benoit. Are you law enforcement? I don't know what you're talking about,man. an accommodation can be made. I'm prepared to reward you well for your forgetfulness. Hmm? You know,maybe it was the shot to the side of the head, but I still don't understand a word you're saying to me. Right. You just wandered in here by accident. Slipped into the wrong suite by mistake. I came here for lia's things,for her bag. That's it. Now I have no idea what you're talking about,michael. Who told you her things would be in this room and that they'd be in that bag? I mean,somebody must have told you. And we all know it couldn't have been lia. fella,I don't know who put you up to this, but they're making a jackass out of you. Your story is bogus. Lia is dead. And has been for three days. Now,who are you and what are you doing here? She may be dead to you. What? Idiot,listen, I shot her in the skull, then,I cut her hand off, and then,I got an ax out of the trunk of my car and chopped her head off. She's dead to me, she's dead to you, she's dead to the world. And I'm about to do the same to you if you do not tell me who you really are and what you're doing here. get him off me! He bit me. Oh,now I'm bleeding. I'm sorry. I would have told you, but I didn't know myself. Don't speak. The police will be here in about five minutes. Just repeat everything I say. Just make it sound like it's yours. You bit mine. How about i blow yours off? No,wait a minute,bobby. I'll take a beating for you. That's what we agreed to, but nobody's puts a gun to my head. What are you talking about? I'm talking about our plan, which never involved guns, so get that thing away from my head! I don't know what you're trying to pull, but this ain't going to fly. I'm talking about pittsburgh, I'm talking patterson, I'm talking about baton rouge. I'm talking about the way you told these guys... I'm talking about how you told your two friends here that you were gonna split this four ways with a piece going to lia. When you and I both know you took 50% and only paid them each 25%. That's it! I don't know who you really are or who you really work for, but I've listened to everything i'm going to listen to. go,go,go! Phoenix P.D.!Everyone on the floor! Everybody on the floor! Michael benoit? Yeah. you don't call,you don't write. Hey,sis. Don't look so surprised. I always wanted to get work done. I think the doctor did a pretty good job, didn't he? The nose almost looks natural. what am I going to do with you? What are you going to do with me? What am I going to do with me? Listen,don't worry. I'm not sticking around. What are you talking about? You are completely welcome to stick around. I've been here a week. I've already accumulated too many bad memories. They say I can get out of here in a couple of days. I'll come by the house,pick up my stuff, and then say goodbye to everybody. I liked her. I mean,I didn't get a chance to really get to know her, but I liked her. Yeah. I guess I'm more like you than I realized. Yeah.Sorry about that. Just so we're straight, seeing ghosts,seeing the future, that is the extent of our superpowers? I don't have to worry about laser beams shooting out of my ass or leaping tall buildings in a single bound or anything like that? I believe you and your ass are safe. Good. what is this? a reward check from the bank...$15,000. I'm a thousandaire. I'll be back to see you tomorrow. Yeah,sure you will,now that I have the money. Hmm. I love you,michael. I love you,too,sis. I like your sister. She's good people. She most definitely  that. I couldn't move on without saying goodbye. And that I'm sorry. I never meant for you to get hurt. I know you didn'T. I wish things could have been different. I wish we could have met before. Maybe in another life. Yeah. In another life. just wanted to make sure