the shutters not fully closed. A coward cloaked in anonymity, he tells himself that watching is a victimless crime. After all, she'd be undressing anyway. Until he sees something he wasn't counting on. Does he speak up, give up his anonymity, or keep silent, pretend he didn't see? You okay? Yeah... just a dream. It was nothing. It was stupid. Well,that's not fair,sneaking out while I'm sleeping. Where you going? Home. I need to spend a night in my own bed. I need to spend a morning in my own bathroom. Don't go anywhere. I sleep better when you're here. Man up. Learn to sleep alone. All the big kids do it. It's Kim Furlong. Hmm,she wants me to call her. Kim? Monday Tennis Kim? It's 11:40. You sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow? I don't know. She and her husband haven't been getting along. She must need to talk. You all right? Another dream? Yeah. This one stupid,too? I wish. You want to tell me about it? I don't know. There were... there were people we knew in it: Scanlon and Lynn DiNovi. Okay. What happened to them? Something bad? No,they were in bed. Excellent. Tell me more. Ugh,I felt like a peeping Tom. I guess I should call. What time is it? Almost exactly 11:40. It's Kim Furlong. Hmm,she wants me to call her. Kim? Monday Tennis Kim? It's 11:40. You sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow? I don't know. She and her husband haven't been getting along. She must need to talk. Scanlon. Lee,don't ask me how, but I know Lynn is there with you right now and I know she's trying to reach a friend of hers. Get the address from Lynn and send an ambulance there now. I'm not getting any answer. Uh,well,that's okay. You can hang up now 'cause I got Allison Dubois on the phone and,apparently,she's got all the answers. I'm gonna hand you to Lynn. Uh,and Allison,do me a favor and close your eyes. I got to get out of bed now and I'm not wearing any clothes. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season04 Episode13</font> xplain that we knew to send an ambulance? I guess we'll just cross that bridge when we come to it. I don't know what to tell you. I mean... we had a fight, a stupid fight over a business trip I had to take, and I went to sleep in the guest room. Next thing I know,there's an ambulance at the door. I-I guess she must have been in some kind of distress and called them. It's a dream,right? It's just a horrible dream. Tomorrow I'll wake up and she'll be fine and then we'll make up and it... it'll just never have happened. Thank you. For,uh, calling. Thank you,Allison. I don't know... I don't know what good it did. I don't know what difference it made. I am so sorry,Lynn. JOE: Everybody have plates? I don't want to get over there with this hot pan and find out there are no plates. Everybody has plates. What about silverware? Ariel's supposed to do the silverware. Yeah,but Ariel's not here yet and the eggs are done. Ariel! Bridge,don't do that. Mommy's still asleep. She was out all night. I'll get the silverware. - Dad... - Yeah? Marie's creasing up her face again. What are you talking about? Take a look. Honey, why are you doing that? Doing what? What are you smiling about,hmm? No,don't tell me. Let me guess. You got a full night's sleep. You're not doing too badly yourself. It's a quarter to 1:00. You're kidding. Did everybody get to school okay? Uh-huh,everyone and everything is just lovely. And you know what else? I got my first salary check. Came in the mail today from Dubois-Doyle Enterprises, Inc. LLC. Dubois-Doyle Enterprises,Inc. LLC. - I like it. - Yeah, and not a moment too soon, 'cause I think the little one is in need of a pair of glasses. In need of what? JOE: So I called around. Everyone wants to know what kind of insurance we have, and then when I'd explain to them that we actually don't have any insurance at the moment I could literally hear the doctors' schedules magically fill up. "And I'm really sorry, but we don't have anything for at least two months." You all right? Yeah,I just have a headache. So what are we going to do? Well,I finally found someone. Actually specializes in children's optometry. It's just I had to give him a credit card number, like making a reservation for a hotel or something. I'm gonna take her over there tomorrow. Oh,I'll get it. I'll get it. Hey,don't open that door. Check who it is first. It's probably for me. Meghan said that she might messenger over some paperwork about competing projects. I can't wait to meet this Meghan,actually. Thanks,Bridge. - It's for Mommy. - Oh,thanks. What is it,Mommy? It's,uh,just a favor that Mommy did for a friend, got involved in something that's really none of my business. I'm gonna take a look at this later. Right now, Mommy's fighting off a headache. So your new business partner... how old would you say she is? I don't know. Couple years older than you,maybe? What an excellent answer. You can continue to be my husband. Mm,you're too kind. Is she married? I honestly don't know. Does she have a ring? I didn't really notice. Well,how could you not notice? I don't know. I'm a boy; it's one of the differences. We don't notice rings. We pee standing up. You have to take this up with someone else. Hello? Sorry to call so late. Hope I didn't wake anyone. You get that care package I sent over? The photographs?Yeah,they got here earlier, but frankly,Lee, I'm not sure why I'm looking at them. It's not like I dream about my friends on a regular basis. In fact,I almost never do. And it's like you said-- there's no crime here. That girl just fell down and split her head open. Yeah, that's what I'm calling about. Coroner suspects foul play. What are you talking about? What kind of foul play? Lynn's friend was poisoned-- some kind of extreme muscle relaxant. Poisoned? Are you sure it wasn't an accidental overdose? No,it's not looking that way. All they found in her stomach was a martini, some breakfast cereal,and a couple of Adviprin capsules. I'm bringing her hubby in for questioning tomorrow. I was wondering if you might be interested in listening in. I don't think I can get you paid,but... Lynn and I would consider it a personal favor. Are you okay? Allison? I... you know what? I'm not feeling great and I,I just have this wicked headache. Hey,wait a second. What did you say that they found in her? Uh,in her blood or in her stomach? In her stomach they found some cereal,some booze, and some Adviprin. Allison? Hello? Allison? Excuse me. Sir? I need you over here,sir. Thank you. That's right. Come over here. She'll be fine back there. They'll take good care of her. All right,I'm putting through these two credit cards, but if they don't clear, I-I don't know what to tell you, Mr. Dubois. You sure you don't have insurance? I'm positive. Mr. Dubois? Mr. Joseph Dubois? Yeah? That's me. How's my wife? Did she regain consciousness? No. Uh,yes. I mean,she's still out. But she seems... fine. I mean,in every measurable way,absolutely fine. Actually,if I didn't know any better, I'd be tempted to tell you she's simply... asleep. Even though we can't wake her. But she's not in a coma,not... if you look at her brain waves. If you look at her brain waves, she's... asleep. Joe. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I really am. What are you talking about? You don't have anything to be sorry about. Look,I know you didn't choose to... pass out,fall asleep-- whatever it was that happened back there. Joe... So what did you dream? That must have been a hell of a dream,huh? You see where Jimmy Hoffa was buried? Did Lee Harvey Oswald whisper something to you about a second gunman? Talk to me. Is it going to be Obama or Hillary? Inquiring minds want to know. You're so angry. Why do you sound so angry? "Why?" Uh,well... Well,let's start with that was a $500 nap you just took. And,oh,wait, here's another. Uh,you scared the crap out of me. "Why?" Oh,my God. What are you doing? What's going on? I didn't dream anything. Okay. At the hospital. You asked me what I dreamt. I said I didn't dream anything. Nothing at all. I think that was the point. Lee,I know it's the middle of the night... Look,if this is about me leaving the seat up just now, it's not a big deal. I'm here by myself tonight. But if it'll get you off the phone, I'll go back in and lower it. Stop kidding around. I need to know what's going on with Kim Furlong's husband. Well,it's like I said earlier. I'm bringing him in tomorrow. I'd love to have you there. Also getting a search warrant so I can go through the house. See if we can find that poison. I don't know why I didn't think of it. I should've called you hours ago. It just didn't occur to me. You need to look under the bed. Check under the bed for a bottle of Adviprin. I have a hunch that you're going to find your poison in there. So wait a second. You're saying there's a bottle of Adviprin under the bed and the poison's in the bottle? In the capsules. MARIE: Cow. Horse, pig,duck. That's perfect. That's absolutely perfect. This child has perfect vision. Cow,horse,pig,duck-- that's perfect. That's 20/20. Well,I-I don't understand it. There's nothing to understand. She sees every animal, no matter how big or small it is. You know these charts by heart,don't you,doctor? That's what I listen to all day. Kids reading these charts. Why do you ask? Well,I was,uh,wondering, were you thinking about it just now? I mean,when my daughter was looking at the chart, were you running through it in your head? Your daughter has perfect vision. What is or isn't in my head is immaterial. Now,if you or your wife have your heart set on her wearing glasses... - Nobody has their heart set on it. - I can sell you some frames with optically clear lenses. I just know that my daughter needs glasses. And that is the end of this examination. Thank you,Mr. Dubois. Nice to meet you,Marie. Honey? Do me a favor. Read the chart again. - That chart? - Yeah. Is that an animal? - Hi,Lynn. - Russell. Detective. Ma'am,I-I came over as soon as I got the message. Mr. Furlong,I know this is a difficult time. I know you have a lot of things to do and figure out, but I was wondering if I could ask you just a couple of questions? Get your opinion on a couple of things? Yeah,I-I've got my in-laws flying in. They're going to be landing in about an hour,20, but... yeah,sure. Are you aware of anybody that might've... might've wanted to see your wife dead? Excuse me? Your wife. Did she have any enemies? I'm confused. Why are you asking me that? My wife died in an accident. Russell... Kim was murdered. No,she wasn't. No,she wasn't. She,she tripped and fell. She cracked her head and bled to death. Yes,Mr. Furlong. She was poisoned,actually. And when the poison made it impossible for her to get blood to her brain, she fell and cracked her skull open. But it was the poison in her blood that killed her, not the fall or the bleeding or the fracture. But who-who would do something like that and why? That's what we're here to find out. We have a hunch that the answer lies in the pain reliever your wife was taking. I believe that the bottle might've rolled under the bed. Do you think it's still there? Nobody's touched that room. The police told us not to. I-I mean me and the housekeeper. So the bottle should still be there? I'm sure it is. I've already asked a judge for a search warrant. As soon as it comes through do you mind if I sent an officer by to pick it up? You don't have to wait for a search warrant. I mean,if something criminal has gone on here, I mean,I'll call the house right now. My housekeeper's there. Just have an officer go by and collect whatever you need. I told you. It would also be helpful, just to rule yours out, if we could get a set of fingerprints,a DNA swab of your cheek. Yes,well,whatever you need. Oh,just one more thing,Mr. Furlong. On the night that your wife died, you mentioned that the two of you were fighting. What are you trying to say? What is he trying to say? I'm trying to say that I appreciate how cooperative you're being. And I'm trying to say I understand that you're a friend of a friend, but if I were you... I'd make a little time today to find yourself a good criminal attorney. Just in case. I'm telling you, she was reading the guy's mind. I mean,he knew exactly what the animals was supposed to be, so she knew exactly what the animals was supposed to be. As soon as he left the room, she couldn't see a thing. Maybe we should try another optometrist. I don't want to try another optometrist. I can't afford another optometrist. Besides,I've already paid for this optometrist. He misdiagnosed our daughter, and I want him to get it right. Can you remind these people that we have kids? Hello? So what are you doing? I'm sitting in bed with my husband complaining 'cause people call at all hours even though we have kids. What are you doing? Sitting in a bar with my girlfriend drinking too much. - Can I ask you a question? - Sure. You've met Furlong twice now. Any impressions? Any feelings about him? Well,I sit in the room with him. I see the same things you see. I hear the same things you hear. Why? You were right about the Adviprin. That's where we found the poison. We also found Furlong's fingerprints all over the bottle. Well,it was his bottle. It was in his house. And on every single capsule in it along with a tiny hole where someone injected the poison through the gelatin capsule casing. Officers just went over to the house now to place him under arrest. Do you have anything to add? No,just that I'm sorry. I'm sorry I,I didn't do more to help. I'm sorry I didn't see it sooner. How's Lynn doing? She's doing. Go back to your husband. Get some sleep. I'll call you in the morning. Is everything all right? A woman was poisoned. Turns out it was her husband. I met the guy twice. I didn't even get an inkling. I guess he loved her once. Just makes me sad. Claims. No,this isn't India. This is America. How may I help you,sir? I'm sorry? Are you asking me who the President of the United States is? What is this,some kind of test? I told you I'm in America, the United States of America. Well,I don't like your attitude. Ms. Hastings? Is there some special reason you're not on the telephone? The incoming call board is completely red. I'm sorry. The last caller was a jerk and... honestly,I have these cramps. I feel like crap. Trust me, Ms. Hastings, we all feel like crap. There's not a single person working here who when they were six years old dreamed of answering phones in the claims department of an insurance agency. That's why we pay you. To take some of the sting out of it. If I could just go to the restroom for a minute. If you leave your desk, don't bother coming back. So then she said that if I left, not to bother coming back. No,really, that is what she said. I'm at the car. No. I'm at the car. Of course I'm fine. All I took were two Adviprin. See you at home. - Dad? - Yeah? Do we look alike? That's not funny. That's not even a little funny. I mean, if you can't see the TV, I'm happy to turn the TV off. I can see the TV. I can see the TV fine. I can see the TV great. Yeah. I had a hunch. I still need you to help me figure out this optometrist thing. Hello? You gonna get off there soon? I got some stuff I need to print out for this meeting with,uh, Meghan and the model maker. Ariel? Hey,give me another word for a parking garage. Uh,parking structure, public parking. Car park,I think they call it in England. Guess it hasn't happened yet. What are you doing? Did you just shut off the computer? Why did you shut off the computer? I told you I had a meeting to-to prepare for. Ariel? You know I'm getting the kids breakfast. I'm probably taking them to school, and,you know, somehow I'm supposed to be ready for this meeting. Sorry. I'm sorry. It was an accident. I wasn't listening. I wasn't paying attention. Here. Prepare for your meeting. I'll take the girls to school. I was going to run in to downtown to see Scanlon anyway. - What are you doing? - Nothing. A car drive off the roof of a parking garage? No. I'm pretty sure I would have heard about that. That's the kind of thing someone would have noticed. That's the kind of thing they'd bring up at roll call. Okay. So maybe it hasn't happened yet. Or maybe it didn't happen in Phoenix. Which is great,'cause maybe we could stop it from happening. Maybe we can put out a warning. What kind of warning? This woman took Adviprin right before it happened. Well,at least she won't have a headache when she hits the sidewalk. I'm serious! I'm starting to think this has nothing to do with Kim Furlong's husband. I think there's something wrong with Adviprin-- all of it-- and we're going to be seeing a lot more of this. Well,if and when we do, we'll react accordingly, but right now, what I'm being told by people a hell of a lot smarter than I am is that this Adviprin was adulterated not in the manufacturing process, but sometime afterwards. Maybe Mr. Furlong wasn't just mad at his wife. Maybe he had a beef with,uh... Hastings. Her last name's Hastings. I think we need to find her. This Hastings woman. Maybe he didn't like the way she handled his claim, but there's nothing for me to do now. You mean,you aren't going to help me find her? You just told me you couldn't be certain where this dream took place. Allison,have you got any idea how many insurance companies there are in Phoenix? In Arizona? In the Southwest? Not to mention, how many people named Hastings? All right. We'll set you up in one of the interview rooms with a computer, some phone books and a phone. If anyone asks what you're doing, we'll tell 'em you're selling tickets to the Policeman's Ball. - Do they still have a Policeman's Ball? - Got me. No,I need another appointment with the doctor. No,I know he's already seen my daughter, but I need to have him see her again. I know people's eyes don't change overnight. I'm sorry. I got to call you back. What are you doing? I thought you understood. The drawings on the green; the charts on the yellow. Calm down,man. We'll fix it. It's paper. Where you going? To get the yellow. You don't have the yellow? Not up here. I'm not a mind reader,man. It's got nothing to do with being a mind reader. I told you about the yellow. No,you didn't, but that's okay. I'll get some. Yeah,I did. And it has nothing to do with being a mind reader. It has to do with listening, and you can't listen to people when you're piping music into your brain. You can't listen. You can't concentrate. It's amazing you can see, much less be a... Sir? You okay? Uh,yeah. No. Uh,you just gave me an idea, actually. Okay. You still want me to get the yellow? Yeah,definitely. Um,and I'm sorry I raised my voice. That's okay. I wasn't paying attention. This is Joe Dubois again. Uh,listen,now more than ever, I really need that second appointment for my daughter. I know this is the Fremont Insurance Group. I'm looking for a customer service rep, a woman with the last name Hastings. You don't have anyone by that name? My apologies. Thank you. Hello? So what are you doing? You don't want to know. What are you doing? Uh,you don't want to know, either, but I'm going to tell you anyway. I'm stuck in traffic,um, so I'm calling my wife to say that I think you probably have to stop whatever it is you're doing and go pick up the kids from school. Oh,Joe,I don't think I can. I'm looking for a needle in an alphabetical haystack, and I'm only up to F. I don't know what to tell you,honey. It's non-negotiable. I'm at a dead stop. I haven't moved a foot in 15 minutes. Sorry. Oh,and I got another appointment for Marie with the optometrist for tomorrow. Well,that's great. You moving yet? Tell me you're moving. I'm not moving,Allison, and I'm not going to be moving. According to the radio, I'm going to be stuck in this mess for hours. I don't really understand it, but they're saying that somehow a car fell off the top level of a parking structure onto the sidewalk. Like,five or six stories, and they're saying that they think that somebody might be inside it. Tainted Adviprin is now being suspected in the death of Marjorie Hastings, the woman behind the wheel of this car, which plunged seven stories to the sidewalk below. You threw ours away,right? Additionally,reports are coming in from around the state of as many as three more deaths that are being preliminarily linked to tampered Adviprin. Meanwhile,as the tainted medicine scare grows, its implications were felt this afternoon at the Phoenix Courthouse where Acting District Attorney Van Dyke held a press conference shortly after 3:00. As I'm sure all of you are aware, we've received a number of reports from around the state about fatalities arising from adulterated Adviprin gelatin capsules. In light of these recent developments, my office has arranged for the immediate release of Mr. Russell Furlong, who until this afternoon was held under suspicion of murder in relation to the deathof his wife. Our investigation... You met the guy,right? What do you think is going through his head right now? and the manufacturers... I mean,he loses his wife, and then he spends a day and a half in jail. I can't even imagine it. They had a fight. I'm sorry? They had a fight the night that she died. About some business trip that he had to take. When we went to go see him, that was the first thing that he told us. It didn't really stick with me at the time, but... right now... you know,tonight... All alone in that house. I bet he really regrets that fight. It's your turn. My turn? My God. What drink is this? How many drinks have we all had? It won't work. It's your turn. Come on. I told you about my sister. It's your turn. Hey,Brown Eyes, we're here for at least four more hours. - It's not like you're going to get out of it. - I know,I know. Nobody even knows your name,fellow. Nobody knows anybody's name, so what's the problem? There's no problem. It's just... Okay. Okay,here it is. Every night, before I fall asleep, I think about my wife...dying. What do you mean? I mean,being dead. And for a long time,I'd think about her getting a disease-- you know,cancer or something, but,uh,lately... it's me. I do it. I kill her. do this so early, but I got to get back to my place, pick up Lynn and get to the funeral. Say hi to the happy widower for me. I spent most of last night with him. What are you talking about? I had a dream he was talking about Kim. Talking about how he wanted her dead. Talking to who? I don't know. When did this happen? I don't know. Where did this happen? You know,when it comes to our significant others, there are a lot of people, particularly a lot of married people, who say things they don't mean. I'll be sure to mention that to your significant other. Allison,we've got five fatalities attributed to this Adviprin. Are you trying to tell me that you think Furlong knocked them all off? I don't know. Maybe. Well,now,that makes no sense. How the hell would he do that? You said that something was injected into the capsules. A muscle relaxant. He could have done it to more than one bottle, more than one person. You kill five people to disguise the fact that you really only care about killing one. Sorry. I'm not buying it. Hello again, Mr. Dubois. Please tell me that's little Marie's twin. Ah,no such luck. Mr. Dubois,I assure you, your child was given a completely thorough examination the last time she was here. Um,have you ever heard of my wife,Allison Dubois? There was a lot of stuff in the newspaper about her last year. No? Well,uh... She worked for the district attorney's office, um,and she's very,uh... Well,she's very sensitive, very intuitive. I don't know if you believe in any of that stuff. You know-- talking to the dead, dreaming of the future, reading minds? I have no idea where you're going with this. Do you like music,Doctor? What kind of music do you like? Actually,this is my oldest,so,uh... Uh,do you like show tunes, The Sound of Music? Here,humor me. Just listen to this for just a minute. Okay,sweetie... No,uh,no,no,no. No,I don't want you looking at what line I'm pointing at. I don't want you thinking about what line I'm pointing at over there. I just want you to listen to Julie Andrews and watch Marie. All right,sweetie. Can you tell me what this line says? Give me a hint,Daddy. Oh,my... Look at you, grinning from ear to ear. I've never seen someone so pleased to discover that their child has astigmatism. You're just jealous. - Oh,really? - That's right. 'Cause I had a problem and I figured out how to solve it. Now tell your Mack Daddy your problem. Let's see if we can turn that frown upside-down,huh? "Mack Daddy," huh? God,you're obnoxious... when you're so smug. Oh,yeah? Well,that's a small price to pay for the thrill of being with me. Now,come on, I can hear the gears mashing in your brain from here. Come on. Tell me what's up. What's going on? Mr. Furlong killed his wife. He killed Lynn's friend. I just... I know it. Well,I know you know it, but the fact remains, you can't prove it. So I think you've just got to have faith in the system on this one. They'll eventually see what you see, and they'll eventually catch up with him. "The system"? "Who was he talking to?" "When did this happen?" "Where did this happen?" Settle down. We gotta get some rest. "Settle down"? "We gotta get some rest"? Is that all you got, Mack Daddy? Oh,you want the best I got? Well,then don't make promises that you can't keep,Mack Daddy. - Oh,no,no... - No,don't write a check that you can't cash,Mack Daddy. Look at those people over there,sleeping. How do they do that? I can't do that. They're still saying at least another hour. They've been saying another hour for the last three hours. Did you hear what I said? Did any of you hear what I said? We heard you. We all heard you: my wife,his wife, your husband, this guy's mother, your business partner. What was your brilliant idea? They all go down in a plane together? I mean,how do we make that happen? MAN 2: You know, I'm a chemist. You remember anthrax? After 9-11? How about anthrax? Oh,yeah. Absolutely. Anthrax. You know,I have some in my garage at home. You know what the problem with this conversation is? I'll tell you the problem with this conversation. You're all nuts. You're all nuts, and I'm getting more and more sober by the minute. Hey,honey. No,I'm still here. MAN 2: Hey,does anybody remember that thing five or ten years ago with that aspirin? Where somebody put poison in the capsules? So now you're telling me each victim was killed by someone close to them? Yeah,but they were all in on this together. And you know this because of this conversation you... overheard? Why are you so dead set against this? Why are you so resistant to this idea? I'm not stupid,Allison. We've all been to this rodeo before. The first thing we did once we had the five victims was check out any possible links between them, any possible links amongst members of their families. They live all over the state. They have absolutely nothing in common. None of them have ever so much as shared a cell phone conversation or an e-mail. I don't believe that. Well,that's unfortunate, 'cause I have to go testify in court in five minutes and I don't have time to stand here and argue with you. But why don't you ask our good friend Russell Furlong himself? What are you talking about? He's coming down here in an hour and a half. Get caught up on everything to do with his wife's death. The investigation at the manufacturing plant, the interviews with the disgruntled employees. Van Dyke wants us to really handle him, do everything we can, so that maybe, possibly,he doesn't sue the city for locking him up last week. Happy to have you sit in. I'd like that. So at this point, what we're primarily focused on is... how the adulteration could've taken place during the manufacturing process, even with all these safeguards I just told you about in place. That,plus employee interviews and deep background checks, I got to believe we're going to turn up something soon. All right. Okay. I mean,it sounds like you're doing everything right. So that's five police departments,plus the FBI, plus the FDA? Well,I agree,Detective. I... I have to believe we're going to turn up something soon. Well,we appreciate your confidence,Mr. Furlong. Uh,yeah. Actually... there's one other thing. Um,Mrs. Dubois here would like to ask you a quick question. Certainly. Certainly, anything I can do to help. Do you recognize any of these people,Mr. Furlong? God. Yes,of course I do. I've seen their picture in the paper and on television. Now,these... these are the other four people who died the way Kim did. Have you ever met any of them? Before they were dead? Oh,God. No,not that I'm aware of. Why? How about relatives? Any chance you might have met a relative of one of these victims? Her husband or her son? - Allison... - His wife? His business partner? Uh,what's going on here? I'm starting to feel like a suspect again,Detective. I assure you,Mr. Furlong, the city of Phoenix does not regard you as a suspect... I'm sorry. I didn't get a chance to hear your answer. - Allison... - The answer is no. To the best of my knowledge, I have never met these people you're alluding to. I do not even know their names. But I know your name. I know who you are and I know what you do, and I'm glad you're working on this case. I want you to find my wife's killer. But if you have somehow convinced yourself that it's me... or that I might somehow be involved, I invite you,look into my eyes, read my mind, do whatever it is you do, and let's just get this out of the way so that we can concentrate on finding the bastard who actually did this. Are we done here, Allison? Thank you,Mr. Furlong. We appreciate your... confidence in us. Vision comes in many shapes and many forms. There's the kind of vision our eyes afford us. Fantastic! You look beautiful! You look beautiful. You look so grown up. There's the kind of vision our wisdom affords us. Pay phone? Okay,I'm stumped. I have no idea what that means. Well,that makes two of us. - I love you. - I love you. And there's the kind of vision that comes from things sensed, things dreamt. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience. At this time,TransCoast Airways is pleased to announce that the folks here at JFK have finally cleared one runway and we will be resuming jet service this evening. So at this time, we would like to board Flight 414 to Phoenix,Arizona. So when we get on the plane, there can't be any conversation. We can't even acknowledge each other. Okay. Yeah. You understand how it works,right? No e-mails, no cell phones. What are you talking about? Nobody even knows anybody's name. So I'm coming back through New York next Tuesday. This is the number of the pay phone right outside lounge here. I'll be there from 7:00 to 7:20. Whoever wants to go through with this, just find a pay phone wherever you are and dial that number. This is nuts,you know? What if I change my mind? What if somebody changes their mind? Don't call. Have a nice flight. Yeah. Have a nice flight. Yeah,right. A lot to think about. Want to hear a funny coincidence,Mr. Furlong? Last January 16, there was a blizzard in the Northeast. A flight from New York to Phoenix was grounded for over 14 hours. You were on that flight, weren't you? I might've been. So was her husband. So was his wife. So was her son. So was his business partner. Okay. And what does that prove? Nothing... yet. But there are five of you, and we know all the names, even if you don't. One of you will slip. One of you will crack, and we'll be watching when you do. And then there's the kind of vision that comes from patience and persistence. What do we make of the peeping Tom? The nocturnal voyeur... his eyes on the hunt for someone to slip, someone to crack. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-