- Hi, Grandma. It's me, Grandma. It's Allison. Allison?! Allison...Oh, my gosh! Look at you! You're all grown up. So amazing to see you, Grandma. So pretty, hmm? Always so pretty. Everything is just the way I remember it. Of course it is. Why wouldn't it be? Everything is as it is, everything is as it must be, at this moment. Mm, you know, you look good. You look happy. I am happy. I have a wonderful family. A wonderful life. Three girls... Ariel, Bridgette and Marie. Grandma Benoit, you old witch, you. Oh, don't "old witch" me. You've got some Benoit, too. I know that. Oh, how's John? John? John Dunham, your husband. The love of your life. Oh, shh, it's coming up a storm. Grandma... The two of you should've been back hours ago. I'm sorry. Who? You, that's who. You and that Dunham boy. Wait a second... This is all really familiar. The thunder, the storm... I remember today. We rode our bikes to the swimming quarry. We got soaked on our way back and then... And then what? I haven't the foggiest notion what you're saying, dear. You remember, Grandma: My... my arm. We were coming up the front walk, we saw the smoke coming out of the kitchen window... Oh, my gosh, I have a pie in the oven. It was today. It was minutes from right now. You were fast asleep, I ran in to pull out the pie, I burned myself on the oven rack. Well, we can't have that. I can't have my granddaughter spend the next 70 years scarred. No, no, no! Now, we're going to have to leave right now, so I can wake up and get that pie out of the oven. I'm not really here, Grandma. You're not really here. This is a dream. You're talking nonsense, dear. Now, don't you worry, I can take care of everything. But, right now, you have to go. It was so vivid, Joe. Like I was really there. Have you ever had a dream like that? I dreamt I went to Hawaii once, and when I woke up, I could've sworn that I had a better tan than when I went to sleep. Maybe I should've married Johnny Dunham. Lucky for you, that was the last summer I spent at Grandma's. Had I gone back the next year... Hmm... Who knows? Things might've been very different. Aren't you even the least bit jealous? About this Johnny Dunham character? Absolutely. It's all I can do to eat this bagel. Mom? Who's driving us? Because I told Hannah I'd meet her early, so we can go over our history presentation. And you're telling us this now? I forgot. I'm sorry, but this thing counts for, like, a third of my grade. Well, get your sisters ready, I'll drop you off on the way to work. Well... I never thought I'd say this, but part of me is looking forward to her getting her driver's license. God, the sound of that rain... It rained so hard that afternoon, all the roads flooded. Took us a half an hour to get to the hospital. The hospital? It was the day I burned myself. You know, on my arm... that big, dark patch. Huh? You know, right there... you can still see where the metal touched. I don't see anything. I've honestly never noticed it. Where did it go? That's so weird. Kind of like Johnny Dunham. Must've just faded away. Keep your eye on Juror Number Three. During deliberations, the others are going to listen very closely to what she has to say. Number Three?! If I remember correctly, she was one of Larry Watt's choices. He believes she's gonna vote to acquit. Her father did some jail time when she was young, for, of course, a crime he didn't commit. Of course. Now, Watt thinks he has her in his pocket, but  the truth is, she's up for grabs. So, you get to her, the jury's gonna vote your way. Doesn't seem fair, does it? What's that? Having you on my team. Sometimes I think it isn't fair to the other side. Well, that's my daughter. Hey, baby. Ariel, slow down. I can't understand you. You left what in the car? Now?  Well, I'm with my boss. He's about to go into court. I know it's a third of your grade, but I'm not the one who left it in the car. Go... I'm appreciate the moral support, but I'm fine. Ariel, I'll be there in a half an hour. Love you. And I bet you were looking forward to my opening statement, weren't you? Actually, I was. Imelda Vizcaina grew up in a remote town in the mountains of El Salvador... a town so small it had no electricity. There was nothing small, however, about this young woman's hopes and dreams for a better life. And it was those very hopes and dreams that the defendant, Sean Redburn, so cruelly exploited when he lured her to this country with the promise of a job... ...of a better life. What she found when she got here was something quite different. What she found was a man who was sexually obsessed with her, a man bent on controlling her every move... a man willing to use threats of deportation, threats of violence, and even the threat of death... to keep her under his thrall. Over the next few days, we will present overwhelming evidence that Mr. Redburn murdered Ms. Vizcaina in a fit of anger, using a knife taken from her own kitchen. We will present evidence of motive, evidence of means, and evidence of opportunity. What we will not present, what we cannot present, is Ms. Vizcaina's body. The defense will undoubtedly make much of this fact. No body, no crime. You're going to hear that over and over again, but it's simply not true. The absence of a corpse does not mean there was no murder, it simply means that the murderer did his job well, and his lawyer would have you reward him for that with an acquittal. I would ask you to look at it as evidence of the cold and calculated nature of his crime. You can right this wrong. You can give her justice. Thank you. Mr. Watt, do you have any opening remarks? I do, Your Honor. Ladies and gentlemen. To be honest, I'm mystified why District Attorney Devalos has even brought this case to trial. Now, why do I say that? Let's start with the fact that the investigation into the murder of Imelda Vizcaina has never resulted in the discovery of a body. Let me say that again. There is no body. And why? Because  there was no crime. Frankly, the only crime is to my client's reputation. And the perpetrator is the D.A. himself. As to what his motive might be, I can only speculate... All right, Mr. Watt. Mr. Devalos is not on trial here. I apologize, Your Honor. It's just that it makes me angry. Makes me angry that the state would spend the taxpayers' money prosecuting a crime that I don't believe was ever committed. Why leap to the conclusion that someone is dead if you haven't ruled out the possibility that they just went somewhere without telling anyone. Did anyone check? Did anyone try to find out where Ms. Vizcaina might've gone? For all we know, she decided to leave this country and go back home to the remote mountain town that the district attorney so poetically described. Now, it wouldn't be easy to track her down there, but, if someone tried, who knows what they might discover. I should know because that's exactly what I did. I tried. And you'll never guess what I found. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, may I present to you Imelda Vizcaina. Alive? That's impossible. Apparently not. But what about the missing kitchen knife? What about the blood? - What about... - She's alive, Allison. I saw her with my own eyes. - She's alive. - She can't be. But she is. We prosecuted an innocent man. The evidence didn't mean what we thought it meant. We got it wrong. All of it. I'm so sorry, sir. I based this case on what you told me, Allison. You told me Imelda Vizcaina was dead. You told me she was sending you dreams. I thought she was. We have another problem. After the judge dismissed the case, Attorney Watt held a press conference. He insinuated that the reason I went ahead with this prosecution, the reason I insisted on bringing it to trial, is because I have a psychic in my employ. A woman who talks to the dead. A woman who... sees things in her dreams. Oh, no. People are starting to ask questions, Allison. Oh, she's still here. Give us another minute, please. All right, but we do need to get ahead of this thing. The Deputy Mayor is here because she's hearing what I'm hearing. We're about to be hit by a dozen or so Motions to Dismiss. I'm not sure I'm following you. Every defense lawyer in town is trying to find out if "my psychic" had anything to do with convicting their client. Every case I've prosecuted for the past two years is going to be re-opened and re-examined. And there's a very real possibility when it's all over, some very bad guys are going to be handed get-out-of-jail-free cards. Mr. District Attorney... Allison, I'm fairly certain that the mayor is going to ask for my resignation. The one thing he's already made abundantly clear is our professional association, yours and mine, needs to end. Today. Here. Now. Al... What did you do? What is going on? That phone has been ringing off the hook for the past 45 minutes. Don't answer that. Reporters calling and lawyers calling. I keep seeing strange cars driving by. Mom, Hannah just e-mailed me there are people are making fun of you on TV. Mom.  Dad. I just looked out the window and saw some people out on the lawn. Should I answer the door, Daddy? Al... No. Come here. Al, hey. Whatever it is, we'll figure it out. Is the Gypsy there? The fortune teller? I  always believed that I heard the voices, I dreamed the dreams, for a reason. I didn't even want it. I wanted to be a lawyer. I know, but it's not like you had a choice. But I did. Couple of drinks... no more voices. No more dead people. No more dreams. Stupid... I could have drank my way into a really great life. And I should have. Well, I'm gonna take care of the kids, so I'm gonna call the police, and if you want me to bring you a bottle of gin with a nipple on it, you just holler. Ally. Ally Baba. That's Ally Dunham to you. Time to get up. Oh, Johnny, do I have to? This is why we're never going to have children. I had the strangest dream last night. Hmm. What's that? I think we had kids. You were upset about something, and you were going to get me some gin. Okay. What's on the docket for today? Uh, Redburn case. Seems like you been working on that thing forever. When's it finally go to trial? Opening statements are in three days unless... Unless what? District attorney wants to meet at 9:00. I'm guessing it's to talk about cutting a deal with Redburn, avoiding a trial altogether. You think Watt will agree to take a deal? Larry Watt can't wait to get this case before a jury. What about you, what's your day like? Pretty light. Morning meeting with the board, then I'm having lunch with Tom Fenton to discuss broadening his investment portfolio. Didn't you tell me he was on his way to Europe? That must have been your other husband. I'm having lunch with Fenton at Varium at One. I don't know, I could've sworn I heard you say that he was out of town. Mr. District Attorney? I'm sorry? Allison Dunham. I work with Larry Watt. Junior partner. Mr. Watt asked me to extend his apologies-- he won't be able to make the meeting today. He asked me to take his place. Everybody at your firm understands that I intend to prosecute this case vigorously. I intend to pursue the death penalty. I think you'll discover soon enough that everyone at our firm has a precise grasp on exactly what you're up to... Mr. District Attorney. Be that as it may, Ms. Dunham, I'm more than a little surprised that Larry Watt would choose not to attend this meeting himself, much less send a junior partner. If it makes you feel better, I am certain I will be made a full partner soon enough. And for what it's worth, I think the fact that Mr. Watt sent a junior partner in his stead speaks more to his opinion of your case than it does his opinion of me. Really. Absolutely. So now that we've gotten to know each other, let me tell you why I'm here. I know that your evidence against Mr. Redburn is weak. You certainly wouldn't have called my office unless you wanted to discuss a deal. So let's hear it, Mr. District Attorney. What exactly are you willing to offer? First-degree manslaughter, eight to 12 years with the possibility of parole after five. Why would we accept manslaughter? You don't even have a body. We have a murder weapon. You have an alleged murder weapon. Smeared with the blood of the young woman your client murdered. Really. Last I checked, the blood on that knife was too degenerated to extract any DNA. All that you have is a blood type, and a very common type at that. You certainly can't connect it conclusively to the missing woman, and you can't connect it to Mr. Redburn. Hell, you can't even prove he ever stepped foot in her apartment. Because you know and I know that he wiped the whole place down with bleach. We can't even find the victim's prints in her own apartment. Fine. You want to argue that Imelda Vizcaina vanished into thin air, be my guest. I'm just not sure that the jury's gonna buy it. I think they might. Whatever you say, Ms. Dunham. Please let Larry Watt know that this is a one-time offer, and it expires at midnight tonight. -To reasonable doubt. - Reasonable doubt. So, you know what I think? I think if Manny Devalos is proposing deals like the one he tried to sell you on this morning, he's worried his case isn't strong enough. Well, he should be... he's trying to prosecute an innocent man. Well, you may know that and I may know that, but our job is to convince a jury. Which is why I wish we had something better to rebut this knife business with. I've been thinking about that. I'm meeting with a potential expert witness about it this afternoon. Tell me. Let me see how it pans out first. Quinton, Vanessa, stop it. There ought to be a law. If it isn't my handsome husband. Your handsome husband who's trolling for a lunch date. What happened to Tom Fenton? Well, he had to jet off to Europe, apparently. - That's weird. - Hmm? - I hope I'm not interrupting. - What I said this morning. No, come on, join us... we haven't even ordered yet. Listen,  if you two need to talk shop... No, not at all. Hey, guys, wait till we're in the car. Lovely children. Be careful what you wish for. I'm not wishing for anything. Not yet. Maybe after I make partner. If then. So, how long have, you two been married? 12 years this spring. We were college sweethearts, very boring. Boring? Honey... we were brought together by fate. The stars aligned for us. That's what your grandmother said. Your grandmother sounds like a remarkable woman. More like the town eccentric, actually. Well, I don't know, I-I guess people thought she was a little odd. She trusted her instincts. She heard... voices. She'd get messages in her sleep. She was the town eccentric. In a very small town. Every time I move my chair, everything goes all fritzy. Any calls? Uh, Paul Haas returned, Jamie Mandlebaum called to say he's in court and unreachable, and your Pilates instructor needs to reschedule tomorrow. Fine. What about my 2:00? It's five after. What is he, one of those absent-minded professors? Actually, I've been here since ten of. I'm just doing my part to fight fritz. My firm's handling the Sean Redburn case. Are you familiar with it? Rich contractor stabbed his immigrant mistress to death. It's been on the news a lot. Allegedly. It's allegedly been on the news? No, I'm fairly certain coverage has been ubiquitous. No, he allegedly committed a murder. We intend to prove that he's been wrongly accused. Don't the police have a knife with her blood on it? They found a knife in that dump that happens to be the same brand and style as the set she owned, and there were microscopic traces that match her very common blood type, yes. I heard somebody saw them having an argument and she hasn't been heard from since. You strike me as an intelligent man, Mr. DuBois. Do you believe everything you see and hear on the news? Couples fight. I'm sure you and your wife... I'm not married. You should try it sometime. I highly recommend it. Ah, see, but there's the problem. All the cool girls are taken. I see here you have a Ph.D. in mathematics. Two, actually. Says here that you wrote a book. Ah, my scandalous expose about the secret language of numbers. Well, if I may, I'd like to run some numbers by you. Having to do with the knife that you mentioned earlier. According to the city, the waste processing facility where it was found serves 125,000 households. Now, apparently, the utensil in question is a very common brand. According to the manufacturer's website, it outsells its competition two to one. Well, if it says so on the manufacturer's website. Work with me. These are just back-of-the-envelope calculations. But if, let's say, ten percent of those 125,000 households use this brand-- and household is defined by the census as having four persons in it-- we're talking about 50,000 people. Do you have any idea what percentage of the population has O-positive blood? No, but I have a feeling that you're going to tell me. Almost 40 percent. Which would mean the blood on that knife could belong to any one of 20,000 people, no? Assuming your assumptions hold up, I suppose so. How would like to earn $1,500 for one day of work? Who do I have to kill? I need an expert witness to explain all this to a jury. You want me to testify to your back-of-the-envelope numbers? $2,500 plus expenses. What expenses? You need a new suit. I have a suit. I know that, but it's almost eight years old. Excuse me? I'm sorry? My suit, you just said that my suit was almost eight years old. I bought that suit for my father's funeral seven...eight years ago. How could you possibly have known that? Have you been spying on me? I don't know, the number just popped into my head. Besides, you are a college professor. Why would you be spending money on new suits? No, I know, it's just that you were so specific about how old it was. I'm thinking of a number from one to ten. I'm sure you are, Dr. DuBois. I am offering you $3,000. All you have to do is tell 12 people what you just told me, that the odds that that knife came from Imelda Vizcaina's apartment are 20,000 to one. I didn't tell you, you told me. Be that as it may. Run the numbers yourself. Make them your own. As long as the odds you come up with are in the neighborhood of 10,000 to one, I'd very much like you to testify. Well, I could certainly use the $3,000. Um... could I just ask you a question, Ms. Dunham? Of course. Assuming the numbers that we discussed are even remotely accurate, why are the police so convinced that the knife belonged to the missing woman? Unlucky coincidence, I'm afraid. How's that? Well, apparently, these knives come in sets of four. When the police checked Imelda's apartment, they could only find three. What do you think? - About what? - About that. You strike me a person with great instincts. I'd just be curious to know what you think. I think you certainly could use $3,000. And I suppose a new suit couldn't hurt. It's nice to meet you, Ms. Dunham. Ooh. Sleepy. Night. Can you turn it down a little bit? I just want to finish this chapter. It's for work. Yeah, whatever. I just can't seem to shake it. The blood, the knife, the body... Just seemed so... real. Don't look at me like that. You make me feel foolish. It is foolish. I know. Allison... you want to be a great lawyer, right? Great lawyers keep their eye on the prize. The prize in this case is successfully representing your client. Dreaming about him committing the crime of which he's been accused and then dwelling on it while you're awake isn't going to help you do that. I know. But why would such a thing even come into my head? I don't believe it. It's too perfect, it is just too perfect. Hell, I'm looking right at it and I still don't believe it. Where'd you find this? A friend. He's something of a connoisseur. Pokes around in a lot of very obscure sites. Unbelievable. Excuse me. Hope I'm not interrupting anything. No, not at all. What can I help you with? Well, I'm meeting with that expert witness I told you about. I was wondering if you wanted to meet him. No, I can't. Redburn's on his way in. Um, I'll look at your notes when you're finished. You boys have fun. Keep what you just showed me to yourself. But find this girl, I don't care what it costs. I mean, hell, if she's willing to do this for money... I just want her here by the time we get to trial. So as a doctor of mathematics,Mr. Dubois, what in your expert opinion, would you say are the odds that the knife in question belonged to Ms. Vizcaina? Oh, I'd estimate the odds are around... Oh, no, let's not estimate and let's not use the word "around." I need you to be very definite with your answers. The jury wants to believe you. Let them know you feel confident about what you're saying. Is something the matter? As a matter of fact, yes. I suspect that the reason I don't sound confident in what I'm saying is because, to be perfectly honest... I don't believe what I'm saying. I'm confused. These are your calculations. Done to your specifications. Based on your assumptions. None of which I agree with. To be frank, I think there's a very good chance that that knife does belong to Imelda Vizcaina. And I can't help but suspect that you think so, too. Dr. DuBois, rest assured, you have no idea what I'm thinking. Maybe. Maybe not. I just... I trust my instincts. You should try it sometime. What are you doing here? Why did you even bother coming back? Is it the money? Is it the new suit? I'm a married woman, Dr. DuBois. Well, there you go. All the cool girls are taken. I'm sorry that I couldn't be of any help. What do you want me to say, Allison? I want you to tell me I'm not crazy. I want you to tell me my feelings, my impressions, my dreams count for something. And that I should listen to them, act on them. John... J.D... Allison... I have a $40-million client sitting a restaurant by himself drinking within 50 feet of three of my competitors. What do you want to hear, that I think you're Nostradamus? Grow up. Do your job, we'll talk about it when you get home. Allison? Yes? Are we through? Yes... we're through. I'm going out for awhile. Are you sure you don't want to take an umbrella? They say it's going to rain. What am I thinking? Ms. Dunham, you're soaked. Come on in. No, answer me. What am I thinking? You're right, I know he's guilty. How do I know that? I know nothing about math, but I read your book and suddenly I understand...everything. I left your phone number at the office, but somehow, I knew exactly how to get here, to this house... to you. And now that I'm here, everything seems so... completely familiar. I-I don't really know what I'm doing here... I'm doing what you told me to do. I am following my instincts. And my instincts tell me I am supposed to be here... with you. Just forget the last five minutes of your life. You all right? What are you doing? Hi.Oh, my God. It's morning. I have to get out of here. I have to go. Huh? Why? What do you mean? I have to tell my husband. What? Mommy...We're hungry. Oh, my God. My babies! Come here! My beautiful babies. I'm home. Oh, I'm home. I'm home. Um, excuse me. Who's gonna drive us? 'Cause I told Hannah I'd meet her early so we could work on our History presentation. Wait a second. Allison. I was beginning to think you forgot about me. Wasn't there something you wanted to speak to me about before I headed into court? One of the jurors or something? Actually, sir, there's a lot I need to tell you before you head into court. Did anyone check ? Did anyone look for her? Did anyone try to find out where Miss Vizcaina might have gone? For all we know, she decided to leave this country and go back home to the remote mountain town that the District Attorney so poetically described. It wouldn't be easy to track her down there, but if someone tried, who knows what they might discover? I should know, because that's exactly what I did. I tried. And you'll never guess what I found. Like I said, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you'll never guess what I found. There a problem, Mr. Watts? Are you going to continue or have you concluded your remarks? Uh, if I may Your Honor, I'd like to request a short recess. Very well. This court will adjourn for a half hour recess. - What the hell happened? - I'm not sure yet. Excuse me, Larry. We should talk. Amazing what people will do for money if they're desperate enough. But then, that's what this whole case has been about, hasn't it? They both look remarkably like Imelda Vizcaina to me. Actually, this one is Imelda. The other girl is Mirabella. Her twin sister. Unlike Imelda, Mirabella never came to America. She stayed behind in El Salvador. Spent her entire life there. It's where this movie was made, actually. Well, you certainly know your Central American porn, Manuel. I got to give you that. Apparently Mirabella was held up at Phoenix Airport this morning trying to use her sister's papers to enter this country. She's being detained until we can determine whether she had any ulterior motives for traveling to Arizona today. Ulterior motives? Her sister Imelda was in this country illegally. No government agency had her fingerprints, and none were ever recovered from the apartment. If, somehow, Mirabella had managed to make it to the trial today, and if for some bizarre reason she had chosen to identify herself as her sister to the court, there would have been no way for the prosecution to prove otherwise. For all intents and purposes, it would have appeared that Imelda Vizcaina was alive and well, and we would have had to drop all charges against your client. And you can imagine how embarrassing that would've been for me. Grandma... Allison? What are you doing back here? Didn't you just leave? Grandma. I changed my mind. Go back to sleep. Don't worry about the pie. I'll be here in a minute with J.D. I'll get it. What about the burn? Your arm? That scar? I don't care about the scar. It'll fade with time. I think I actually kind of like the scar. I think I'd miss it if it was gone. It's part of my life. And I love my life. And the fact is, I wouldn't change a thing.