It's in California. A ace called San Luis Obispo. But you and Mommy lived here in Phoenix, right? Why'd you have to go all the way out there to get married? Uh, I don't know. It was just... it was just kind of a compromise. Your mom wanted a little wedding here. Grandma and Grandpa Dubois wanted big wedding in Grosse Pointe, overlooking the lake, so we ended up in California, overlooking the ocean. You sure you really want to put all these pictures of you and Mommy away? I mean, what happens when she comes back? Won't it hurt her feelings when she sees that they're all gone? Come on, Bridge. Your mom hasn't been here in forever. I know you don't want hear it, but I don't think she's coming back. Yeah? You okay? No... no, I don't know. I don't knowif it's t. or not being able to drink, but I just had the strangest dream. Was there any sex in it? No. No, it was sad. We were married and we had this little girl. Well, I guess I left you-- I left both of you. You still want to be Mrs. Joe Dubois though, right? I mean, I'd hate to think we brought all these people here to California just to senf them home without even having a wedding. Well that'll never happen. It was just a dream.pen. Medium 6x16 Allison Rolen Got Married Original Air Date on March 12, 2010 -- Sync, corrected by <font color=#00FF00>elderman</font> -- -- for <font color=#00FFFF>www.addic7ed.com</font> -- Hi. You okay in there? I'm fabulous. Your mom and dad get in alright? Yeah. My dad's already complained about the plane ride, the car rental, anhis room. My mom's already been down to the bakery to make sure that our cake is made to her specifications. yeah, I'd say they're fine. Same as always. Hey, you wanted me to remind you to reconfirm the deejay. Yeah, I know, I know, I know. I got to get presents for the groomsmen. I have to make sure that the welcome baskets are ready for the rest of the guests when they check in. Are you sure you just don't want to meet them now and get it over with? You know, if you had told me that I actually d to meet your parents in order to marry you, I might not have accepted your proposal. Hmm? What are you so nervous about? They're gonna love you. How can you be so sure? Because I love you, so they don't really have a choice. Come on. What do you say? Mm, your mouth tastes all fresh and minty. Hmm? Come on, let's just go down the hall and get it over with. Hi. Hi, my name's Allison. I'm going to marry your boy. Oh, and by the way, I'm pregnant. Nice to meet you. Don't be such a smartass. I thought you decided that we weren't going to say anything about the baby until you hit the three-month mark. Yeah, I did, and I won't. Six or seven weeks is plenty of time to tell people the good news. And tonight at dinner is my time to meet your parents. The maid? The maid of honor. I'm coming, Kim. I have the list of what we ordered for the rehearsal dinner torrow night, but do you have the receipt for the actual ceremony? I think so. I'm sorry. Who's next? Can I help you? Uh, I hope so. I was wondering: would you mind putting up one of these flyers? That's my daughter Julie. She hasn't been home in two days. She drove off in her little blue car and no one has seen her since. Would you mind if I... if I put up one of these? Sure. Thank you. Excuse me. Can I help you? Hi, I'm Kim Clement, and this is Allison Rolen. And we're here toheck on some things for the Dubois wedding in two days. There we go. And what can I do you for, young lady? Red... Oh, you want white wine? Maybe a little rosé? I'm fine just with water. Thank you. Well, don't hold back on our account. I'm in the auto business, young lady. We live by the maxim "Everything runs smoother with a little lubrication." Dad, Dad, Dad, she just doesn't feel like it. Stop trying to pour wine down the poor girl's throat. All right, fine, fine. It's how I won you, darling. So, Allison, we were very disappointed to hear that your family won't be joining us. Oh, I know. I'm sorry, too. My mom and I... But it's fine. I sure at at some point we'll all get to meet. This town is lovely. And the inn-- it's so charming. "Charming." Code for "old," right? I tell you, I tried to have a shower when I got in here-- the water pressure died in about two minutes. The water pressure in my room is just fine. You guys are in separate rooms? Well, we had to book this place on such short notice, kiddo, and they didn't have any king bs left, so... Yeah, two rooms. It helps keep the peace. We'll live. So, um, my son tells me that you're in law school. Uh, yeah, actually I go to the School of Justice. It's kind of pre-law. Oh. Now how does that work? I mean, if you want to have babies someday? I mean, to be a lawyer, but then have babies-- does that really make sense? Mom... Hey, Marjori well, I mean, don't you think... ...it's what good mothers do. Excuse me. I'm going to have to excuse myself just a moment. You all right? Yeah, I'm fine. I'll be right back. What are you doing? They love you, by the way. When you were in the bathroom, they pretty much told me they love you. The lawyer thing threw my mother  first, but now that she met you, she gets it. I had to lie and tell them that kids weren't even on the menu for right now. I started to worry that maybe they suspected something when you didn't want a drink, but I think we got away with it. I could really use a drink right about now. Oh, I understand. I understand. I don't know how you did it. I don't know how you got through that dinner sober. I had half a bottle of wine, and it was all I could do to keep my ass in the seat and not run down the nearest courthouse and change my name and put myself up for adoption. Hey, hey, Mr. Science Guy, how much do you know about hormones? Exse me? Well, it's not just my dreams now. I'seeing things, hearing things, even when I'm awake. What? What kind of things? Well, when I went to the flower shop today, this woman came in. Her daughter was missing. She wanted to put her picture up. And I saw her-- the daughter right there, right then, being strangled to death. You saw her strangled in the flower shop? No. It was in my head. It happened someplace else, but... It was so vivid. It was so specific. It was like... like a little movie. What can that be? Empathy? Yeah, well, I saw her again tonight-- at the restaurant. Naked, dead, in the bathroom mirror. Okay, I had the fish. What did you have? I don't think it was what I ate. Okay, maybe i's something in the water. My parents are sleeping in separate rooms. Something in the water would explain a lot. That really hiyou, didn't it? Well, yes and no. I meanI'm not a kid living at home. And I know things haven't always been great between them, but finding out they're in different rooms two nights before I get married... It kind of makes me sad. Oh, baby, let's fool around. Hi. Are you... are you looking for my dad? Yeah. We're going to go grab some dinner. Um... Is he not here? Actually, no. He-he must have forgotten. He went out to the movies. Do you want me to try and call him? No, no, no, that's okay. I guess I'm lucky yo came home when you did. Otherwise I'd be sting out on the curb all night. It's been such a long time since I've seen you. You're changing so much. Actually, I think I saw you, like, four months ago. Well, even so, every time I me visit, seems like you're even more beautiful than the time before. Uh, thanks. You know, I've got a little homework to do, so I, uh, I bett get inside. It was nice seeing you. So that's it? I drove all the way over here. You're not gonna even offer me a glass of water? Actually, you know what? Don't worry. Forget the water. I don't need to come inside. Not really. I could just take you with me. You okay? Is everything all right? Yeah. No. No, I had another dream. A bad dream. A really bad dream. Did you leave me again? No, you weren't there. It was a girl. The girl from town? The one who's missing? No, no, not her. Another girl, a teenage girl. A girl I've never seen before. Well, then come on. That was just a nightmare. Come on. Come on. Let's go back to sleep. You just made her up. She's no one. Mmm... He went to play golf with his father. Grandma Benoit. Stop looking so amazed. You've been seeing the dead since you were six. , Grandma, when I was a little girl, I had a very active... "...active imagination." I heard your mother when she told you that, and I bit my tongue. You can ignore the ghosts all you want. You can drink yourself You can igto the placests where you can't see or hear, but that doesn't change the fact that they're reaching out to you. You're seeing me now, but that daren't you?ge the fact And I've been gone a long time. But this is a dream, Grandma. It's a nice dream... but it's dream. It's not a dream, and neither was that girl you saw yesterday. She's de, Allison, and no one knows. No one but you. And you're getting ready to have a child of your own. You think about it. One day you wake up anthe child's gone. Someone knows what's happened, but they can't be bothered to say anything, pick up the phone, tell the police what they know. There's a reason you see these things, Allison. Yeah. You ever considered a prenuptial agreement? What?! No! Never. Well, maybe you should. Dad, I own two-thirds of a used car. That's really not much to fight over. Well, you don't have that much now, but you're gonna have more someday, and you need to plan accordingly. Dad, come on. This is crazy. Allison and I don't have that kind of relationship. Of course you don't. Nobody has that kind of relationship when they start off. But after you've been together for a while and saved up some real scratch, who kns what kind of relationship you'll have? You sure as hell can't draw up a prenup then. Wow, you're quite the romantic, aren't you? Look, I'm not saying she's not a lovely girl, I'm not saying you're not gonna be happy together, but you need to be prepared. Oh, God. And once you say, "I do," '. Well, look at me. If I winup in divorce court, your mother's gonna get half of everything I got. What are you talking about?! Nobody's ending up in divorce court: not you, not me. I don't like this conversation. I'm getting married tomorrow. I want you to wish me luck. FineI wish you luck. And take it from someone who knows, you're gonna need it. Oh, Dad, you know what? I love you, but you're a jackass. Why is that? Because I'm trying to give you the benefit of my experience? I have stood where you're standing. The view is deceptive. It doesn't hold up. Really? And how would you know that? You come tmy wedding, and you and Mom get separate rooms. I mean, what is that? Oh, for crying out loud, Joe, wise up, will you? We goteparate rooms because we lead separate lives. I've been out of the house for about three months. Your mom didn't want to tell you till after the wedding. And you got to promise not to let on. What? What happened? Nothing happened. Marriage happened. Come on. Let's play.d. You know what? I don't... I don't feel like playing. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, don't do that. Joe! I'm sorry. I gotta get in there. It's my room. I'm sorry. There's a detective in there conducting an interview. An interview? Thanks for your time,dy in there Miss Rolen.      but my fiancée. Hi. I called the police. Yeah, I figured somebody did. I didn't know they were gna come over here. I told them that I knew that girl was dead. The one from town? e one that you said you saw last night? I just kept thinking about her mother, about her not knowing. u don't actually know anything. It's not like, you know, you-you really saw something. I saw her being strangled. Yeah, in your head. That's not the same as really seeing. Yeah, that's what that detective kept saying. I-I don't understand. Wha-what was it that you were hoping to accomplish by calling the police? Grandma Benoit... told me that I was seeing these things for a reason. Grandma Benoit? But didn't you say that she-she died years ago? Are you having second thoughts about this marriage? Have you been... have you been talking to my dad? Your dad doesn't think you should marry me either? Well, my dad doesn't think anyone should marry anyone. Turns out he and my mom have been separated for months. He didn't want to tell anyone. He didn't... he didn't want to ruin the wedding. Oh, smart, but he told you. It's gotta be hard to be Joe Dubois today, huh? You have no idea. Hey, don't forget. Tonight, after the rehearsal dinner, you gotta move out 'cause the bride sleeps alone. That's a barbaric tradition. We can do anything we want before the rehearsal dinner. That's five whole hours. Now that's a very enlightened tradition. That's a tradition I can get behind. Mmm. And in answer to yr earlier question: yes, I'm leaning towards going ahead with the wedding. Ah, you're leaning? Yeah, it's looking good. Shut up and take your clothes off. Good morning. You probably have a bit of a headache. And I'm sure your throat is pretty sore from all the screaming you did last night. Where am I? You've turned into a really beautiful young woman. And watching you grow up has been one of the great joys in my life. Can we talk about this neck? I mean, how long and slender it is? What are you doing?! Relax. You're gonna enjoy this. Uh! Whoa! What the hell's ing on? You okay, huh? Babe, you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. We're fine. Just a bad dam. Just another bad dream. This man I'd never seen before was doing this horrible thing to this girl I'd never seen before. I don't know what's wrong with me. Oh, God, it's okay. We gotta get up. The rehearsal dinner starts in, li, an hour. Is this thing on? I'd like to start off by welcoming all the out-of-town guests tonight. And I guess that's everybody, right? Well, truthfully, I don't know my future daughter-in-law very well... yet, but I'd like to think I know my boy, and I can tell you ts: he is absolutely <i>crazy</i> about the girl. Whoo! Whoo! Yeah! Whoo! My Joey loves you, young lady. Which means that even though we haven't spent much time together yet, we're family. So, can somebody get this microphone out of my hands? Who wants to say something? All right, I guess I'll keep him. You, yeah, you. Come on up. You say something. Here we go. Yeah, Andy. Okay, wow. I hadn't really planned on saying anything. So, Joe, Allison... I guess your first question is probly... who am I? Joe, the last time you saw me, I think we were playing Chewbacca and Han Solo in my folks' basement. I'm your second cousin, Andy Seward. I mean, second cousin by marriage. And really, what's a rehearsal dinner without some remarks from a second cousin by marriage, right? So wait a second. You're telling me my cousin Andy is a murderer? He's the man I've been seeing in my dreams, yes. I'm trying to tell you. I'm sorry. That is what I'm trying to tell you. He's the man I've been seeing in my dreams, yes. He's the manYou'e been rey medelir?So wait a second. You're telling me my cousin Andy is a murderer? He's the man I've been seeing in my dreams, yes. I'm sorry. That is what I'm trying to tell you. What I wouldn't do for a cigarette or a drink or a d'rmakes no sense. I can't do anything about that. That's him. I mean, in my dreams he looks older, soaybe he's not a murderer yet. But it's definitely him. This is defitely something he's going to do. What do you want me to do about it? I mean call the future police or hop in a time machine or something and stop this murder that you dreamed about from happening? How about I just go in there and punch him in the nose? That wouldn't cast too big a pall on the proceedings, would it? Oh, that's right, I almost forgot: we're supposed to get married. And instead, we both just walked out of our rehearsal dinner, stand out here by the garbage and have a chat about my second cousin by marriage, the high school chemistry teacher who you think might be Jack the Ripper in the 21st century. Are you mocking me? No, t I think you're mocking us. Or at least you're doing your damndest to kill this thing before it even gets started. I don't know what's going on with you the past couple days, Allison. This is nuts. I want to rry you. Do you still want to marry me? Of course I do. Okay. Then that is the here and now. All this other stuff, this dream stuff, this fure stuff, I am not dealing with it, not now, not tonight. And you shouldn't be eithe Come on. Let's go back inside. Are you sure? No matter what else I say, no matter what else I do, you are my here and now, Joe. You are my always and forever. Please. Joe... Any luck reaching Allison? Yeah, she just called me back finally. In the car on the way over here. She's, uh, she's flying in. She's going to be here tonight. There's not that many flights from Dallas. HI don't think she believes it. It's not like she said she was giving up. Not like she said that she was moving back. She's going to want to see it for herself. I never understood it. We must have gotten 300, 400ips. Why that one? Why Texas? Well, you know Allison. When she heard somebody saw our little daughter... getting into a car in Plano, she just knew, and there was no convincing her otherwise. Seven months. Seven months living in a hotel room. Just knocking on doors and showing her picture to strangers. I don't know how she does it. So let's get this over with, okay? I got to warn you, Joe, she was in that hole for an awfully long time. That bracelet... Allison and I gave her that for her 16th birthday. That's her. That's our daughter. Come on, tell me you're happy for me. I am. I'm extremely happy for you. I'm just maybe a little sad for myself. But it's a good sadness. It's the same sadness that I felt when you went off to college, and when you moved to Phoenix. Just beten us, I think I might be just a tiny bit jeous of your wife-to-be. But I'll get over it. Hey, kid, I just got a message from the maid of honor. Your fncée would like a rd with you. ck at the inn. What do you mean, back at the inn? Allison's not here? You're not even dresd yet. Everyone's waiting. Joe, the girl I've been dreaming about-- e one your cousin strangles-- she's r daughter, Joe. We don't have a daughter. I mean, not yet. But we will. And your cousin is going to murder her. Okay. And you know this because...? Because I saw it. I saw it in my dreams. When is this going to happen? I mean, in your dreams. A year from now, two years, three years? No, she's a teenager. She's a young woman. So we're talking like 16, 17, 18 years from now maybe? 'Cause I keep thinking about the 85 people who are sitting there on that golf course waiting for us right now. I don't know what to tell you. I don't know what to say to them. I can't go through with this. Because of these dreams-- that take place a couple decades from now? Look, I know it sounds ridiculous, but all these horrible things that I'm seeing take place in a world whe we're married. I can't help but think, maybe if we don't get married. Maybe if I just raise this baby on my own. Tell me you love me. I love you. This isn't about that? Honey, it's not about that. Okay, then mar me. 'Cause none of the rest of it matters. How can you say that? Because I know it to be true. As a scientist, as a physicist, as a person who studies the physical facts of the world, I'm telling you, Allison, these things that you dream arjust that: dreams. No. Yes. Don't you see your fear is based on your certainty at these things are going to happen? Whereas the one thing that centuries of science have taught us, is that the only thing that's certain is that nothing is for certain. You don't believe me. I completely believe you. You say you see these things, I believe you see these things. I just know that none of it matters... yet. The things that you're seeing, Allison, they could happen, but they don't have to happen. Life is not like that. Life is much more complicated than that. We're not hurtling down a predetermined path towards a foregone conclusion. We people, all of us, we make... we make thousands of decisions a day-- little ones, tiny ones-- turn left, turn right. I will have that drink. I won't lie to that girl. I will take my child's hand. I don't have to save for a rainy day. You take all those choices times all the people in the rld, including the ones not yet born, and you have to conclude the future is not set. It can't be. And that's the best part about being alive. It's always new. It's always surprising. Now, I'm willing to take my chances that our future is going to be a great one-- for you, for me, for that little child inside of you. So come on. Put on your dress. Our future's waiting. I can't. I can't. I know that you're right. I know these things that I'm seeing might not happen, but they might. And that "might" is too much for me to live with. I can't even put into words how sorry I am, Joe, but I can't may you.. not today... not ever. GRANDMA BENOIT: Just wanted to stop back, tell you how much I like your intended. I think he's terrific. I like the way he thinks. I-I like what he stands for. What are you tking about, Grandma? I'm not getting married. The wedding is off. I don't understand. You told me to believe in the things I see... that I see the things I do for a reason. Just a second! I came for Joe's things. Marjorie, I feel awful about this whole thing. Maybe when you get a moment, you could pull his things together and pack them in his bag. I'll-I'll send a bellman. My husband is on the phone right now calling the airlines trying to see if we can all get out of here a day early, but it's hard to get sometng done on a Sunday. I love him. You need to know I love him. I know you broke his heart. And that's really all I need to know. Allison, marriage isn't just an act of love. It's an act of will. And  you can't even muster up the will to make it to the ceremony, then this is probably best for all of us. You want some? 'Cause there's about 79 more where it came from, huh? Come on. Have a bite. Are you serious? Look, kiddo, you just got left at the altar. You have the rt of your life to-to stew about that. Right now there's... there's od food, there's good drink, and it cost me an arm and a leg, so I say come on, let's try and enjoy it. Hmm? Uh, sir, I'm gonna pack up my stuff, so... Pack up? I paid you to work for five hours. You want your tip? Of course, sir. Good. Get over there and play sething. What do you want to hear? Uh, I don't want to hear anything. So, my son is sad. Why don't you play something happy? Any luck with the airline? Uh. None at all. I'm afraid we're all here for the duration. Nobody goes anywhere until Monday afternoon. Oh, boy, just the three of us. ♪ ♪ Fantastic. What the hell's the matter with that kid? I asked for something happy. You went to see her, didn't you? You just couldn't help yourself? How is she? Does it matter? Upset. She told me she loves you. ♪ ♪ This? Really? What? He's not gonna hear his wedding song today. We might as well hear ours. Come on, Marjie. I'll let you lead, huh? No, I-I don't really think this is a very good idea. Aw... If the's not gonna be a wedding, I-I have to change my shoes. ♪ ♪ Well, I gave it the old college try. She's hurting, Dad. I think she's had all the pain she can handle for today. It's sad. You two really did love each other. Oh, I think we still do. I love <i>her</i> anyway. Then what happened? Well, the problem, I suppose, is the <i>way</i> I love her. It's, uh, I don't know. It's more the big picture way, not... you know, the day-to-day way. And 27 years of marriage... That's a lot of days. Sure is. It's my own damn fault. REPORTER Democratic presidential nominee Bill Clinton promised that an announcement on his list of vice presidential candidates would be coming within the week. Campaign manager James Carville said that among.... "She drove off in her little blue car, and no one's seen her since." Space Q7... San Luis Obispo Airport. Hello. Is this the San Luis Obispo police? I have some informion about the missing girl Julie Pinsley, some very specific information. Hello? Who is it? Hello?! You know what? You were right. We're not hurtling down a predetermined path towards a foregone conclusion. That's the best part about being alive. Okay. The police found that missing girl. She <i>was</i> dead... in the trunk of her own car. And that... and that changes things? Well, it does for me. It means that everything that you were telling me yesterday, I should have listened. Joe, I think you're the smartest man I've ever met in my life. Okay, wait a second. Wait a second. What about our child? What about my cousin? That's what I'm trying to tell you. I think after tonight, we don't have to worry about that anymore. Don't ask me how I know that... but I do. Okay, if you say so. No, no, wait. Listen... I really don't want to leave here without doing what we came here to do. I know it's been a crazy few days. I know everybody's heading home. I know tomorrow's a Monday. I know that there's a thousand reasons to say no. But please... Joe Dubois... is there any chance that Ian convince you to marry me? ♪ ♪ to be my lawfuy wedded husbandke you, Joe, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, as long as we both shall live. ♪ ♪ I, Joe, take you, Allison, to be my lawfully wedded wife Andrew Seward? Uh, can I help you? ...for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, as long as we both shall live. ♪ ♪ By the pers granted to me by the state of California, I now pronounce you man and wife. ♪ ♪ Oh, hell, Joey, go ahead and kiss her. ♪ ♪ Where is this? This place where you and Mommy got married? Uh, California, a place call San Luis Obispo. You and Mommy both lived here in Phoenix, right? Why'd you have to go all the way out there to get married? You know, I can't remember why, but it turned out to be the perfect spot. Yeah...