Can't make it. Shut up and run! You okay? Yeah, I'm okay. Go on back to sleep. Was it the one with the train again? Yeah. And now your head aches? Yeah. No. I don't know. I'm just... I'm gonna go watch some TV and make some potato salad. - Potato salad? - Yeah. The cookout. Alan and Kamala's tomorrow... today. Allison... it's been what? Like two weeks now? I don't know, Joe. Something like that. Every night, it's the same dream. Every night, you wake up. You can't get back to sleep. Every night, I wake up. I'm sorry. I'm not looking for apologies, sweetie. I'm looking for a solution. I mean, this can't go on. - I told you, I'll go sleep in the other room. - That's not a solution. Well, it's the best I can do at 3:44 in the morning. Maybe it's time to get some help. Help? I don't know. Maybe there's somebody out there you can talk to, like a professional, or... A psychic shrink? A shrink for psychics? An abnormal behaviorist for paranormal people? Yeah. All right, you're making fun of me. I don't think there's any help for this. To be honest... I'm just... tired. Then come back to bed. I don't think that's a good idea. I don't really care what you think. Bed, woman. - I'm so exhausted. - Well, close your eyes. What's the point? Come on, you have to try. I give up. That's absurd. That is an absurd assertion. You're telling me the drug companies are no longer interested in developing cures? You think about it. You're talking about a business whose lifeblood... you'll pardon the pun... is sick people. If everyone's well, then nobody needs drugs. That's why the most forward-thinking drug companies are putting their money into developing drugs that treat symptoms. Treat the symptom but don't cure the illness. It's the illness that's going to keep making you the money down the road. It's the illness that's your bread and butter. Someone's had enough to drink. Would that be me, darling? You wanna see something? Look! What do you think? Are you ready to talk dowry yet? They are cute, aren't they? But I think I'm going to encourage her to play the field till she's four or five. So, how do you think we're doing? Do you thing the party's achieved lift-off? What do you mean? I don't know. My friends from the university and his friends from the lab. I'm just not sure everyone's mixing too well. Alan? Your wife's getting anxious. Stop talking to everybody you see every day at work and go mix. Aye, aye. Thank you... How's your head? Pounding. If I wasn't so exhausted, I'd shoot myself. Wait! Excuse me! Excuse me. Just waiting for the bathroom. So... what is it exactly that you're postulating? I'm saying that we are containers for a form of energy-- a soul, an essence of being. And as we all know, energy cannot be destroyed. So what happens to it when the soul's container is used up, stops working? Well, I'm exploring the idea that perhaps it lingers. At least some of it, anyway. And I think that there are people that can not only see this energy, but can communicate with it. Now, when we identify people who seem to have this ability-- and they seem to exist all over the globe-- we ask them to come to our lab so we can measure their accuracy. Thank you so much. It was so great. Oh, I'm so sorry. I haven't been getting any sleep. You poor thing. You seeing anyone? 'Cause I can... Just a lot of late-night TV. It'll pass. Hey, when are we going to get these two together again? Have you guys been to Story Time at Burton's Books? No, we haven't. It is so fun. And it's great 'cause it's on Monday, when I don't have class. They dress up and they read the kids stories, and then they scream at you until you buy them the books. Oh, it sounds fun. Let's do it if I'm around. - Okay. - Okay. - Bye, Ray. - Say good-bye. - Bye-bye. - Bye now. No. I'm not walking up to a total stranger at a party, where anyone can hear, and say, "Hey, all that stuff you're talking about? I do all that stuff in my sleep. And speaking of sleep? I'm having a little problem with a reocurring nightmare. Could you maybe help with that?" I wasn't saying you needed to talk to him right then and there. I'm justst saying... if you're looking for help. But I'm not looking for help. And I'm certainly not looking to be a rat in some academic's maze. It's a dream. It'll pass. Yes, you heard me correctly. I'd like to delay the press conference. I don't know-- four hours? Obviously, I have my reasons. Of course I have my reasons. No. Don't call back and tell me how much you can get me. Call me back and tell me you've gotten me four hours. You feeling all right? Oh, no, I'm okay. I'm just a little tired. Well, I'm sorry to call at the last minute, but a situation came up over the weekend. Do you remember reading about the killing of Councilman Miguel Garcia? Councilman in the ninth district. Grew up here, in fact. Great guy. Gulf War vet. Got his MBA right here in Arizona. Comes home, runs for office. Wins, obviously. The only thing is, his district is rife with corruption-- drugs, prostitution. Anything past 5:30 at night and the streets are a war zone. But he takes over and really starts to put the lid on things. People are starting to go out again at night, business is beginning to pick up. Then last July, he's at a ribbon-cutting ceremony for a new 24-hour market, which the neighborhood really needs. Around 9:30, he's getting into his car. Pop, pop. Two shots to the back of the head. Killer was sitting in the backseat. - Okay, now I remember this. - Yeah. Whole district's been up in arms ever since. They want someone to pay and we have nothing. - Nothing? - Well... next to nothing. It has all the earmarks of an organized crime hit. But beyond that... Then this weekend, the killer turned himself in. Walked into the police with his attorney and confessed. - Oh, my God, that's great. - Yeah. Only thing is... he's 14. Nothing would make my life easier than to hand over this kid's head on a silver platter, but I just don't believe it. I can't tell you why, but I just don't believe it. I was supposed to have a press conference in 20 minutes and announce that we had our man, but... he's sitting in the conference room with his lawyer. I asked for one more interview. I'll introduce you as my assistant. You can't actually ask any questions, but I'd be very curious to know what you think. I stole the gun from my cousin. He kept it in his car for protection. When I was done, I put it back. Do you know where the gun is now? I'm sorry. I need you to speak your answer. No. My cousin's in prison. I don't know what he did with the gun. Okay. So... let's review. You knew who the councilman was. You heard that he was out to clean up the streets, shut down the prostitution, the gambling, the drugs. Your older brothers and your cousins all would say how he was making trouble for them, so you got it into your head to take care of the problem yourself. Nobody told you what to do. Nobody put you up to it. It was your idea and you... did it. I need "yes" or "no." Yes. It was my idea. Nobody told me to do it. Well, it's like I told you on the phone. What brings me here is this dream. It's chronic. All night, every night. I can't sleep, I can't function. And now it's affecting my work. And that work, you claim it does make some use of your sensitivities? I told you I'm not allowed to discuss my work. Mm-hm. I respect that. A lot of the research mediums I study work with law enforcement and almost all have to agree to some level of confidentiality in their work. I'm going to assume that's the case with you, as well. Now, if you don't mind I'd like to get some biographical data. Again, Dr. Cardwell, I mean no disrespect. I came here in the hopes that you could help me or maybe point me towards someone who could. I honestly have no interest in being studied. Now, these... what do you call them? Sensitivities. Sensitivities...are not something I ever would have chosen for myself. They make the world a much darker place. I really just want some sleep. Well, as you well know, Mrs. Dubois, there are pills for that. And you can get those from any doctor. But if you really can do what you say you can do, then there's a reason you dream the same dream every night. And frankly, I'm probably the best person around to help you figure out what it is. What do you mean? Someone... living... dead... would seem to be sending you a message, but again, none of it is relevant if you're not really who you say you are. So, if you'd be so good as to humor me for just a little while longer, why don't we take a walk down to the lab? Circle? Are you asking me or telling me? It's a circle. An octagon. A car. A rectangle. How's this for a psychic contradiction? I sense I'm doing really poorly at this. Just concentrate on the card. I'm too tired to concentrate, which is why I'm here. Do you want to stop? Just really focus now. A train. Mrs. Dubois... Hurry! Wait! Allison? Allison? I'm sorry. I just keep seeing these two boys running, running along the train track. A train track? Yes. And there's a train coming, a long, long train with a big "J" and a big "O" on it. It's my dream. I have it over and over again. Two boys. They're brothers, I think. One's a little older. The younger one falls. It doesn't really matter what card you hold up, that's all I see. What? When I was a boy growing up-- not far from here, actually-- my brother and I, we were out way past when we promised we'd be home, and to get home, you had to go over these railroad tracks. So, we're running as fast as we can, trying to get home before anybody notices, and suddenly we realized, "Oh, no, the train's coming," and that train, it looked like it was five miles long. If you didn't cross the tracks by the time the train went by, you would be stuck there forever. So we raced, me and Kenny, two years younger than me. He fell just before the tracks. Kenny. Kenny Cardwell. What happened? You know what happened. The train passed, he was gone. A man came, took him. Killed him. Killed three other children that summer, too, but you know all that already, don't you? No. Really. It's all right here. Who put you up to this? Nobody put me up to anything. It's my dream. I've been dreaming about these boys and this train. I guess I've been dreaming about you. I would really appreciate it if you'd leave now. I really don't know what to say. ...southeast Texas as well. Right now, you can see very heavy rain near the 610 Loop and I-10 on the east side of town, but there's also some very heavy flooding... Hey, I was watching that. It's okay. You're supposed to be a psychic. You shouldn't even need the Weather Channel. It was a joke. You can laugh later. Look, the kids are going to be up in a couple of minutes. Why don't you sneak back into the bedroom, while you still have a chance, and try and get some sleep. I'll get them off to school. I'll tell them you're sick. No, no, no. I'm okay. Beg to differ. Have you looked at your eyes lately? Bad? You should see them from my side. You don't actually have to go into work today? After I fell asleep the other day? No. In fact, I think they're revoking my clearance to get into the building. Well, now the kids are up. Who calls at 7:00 in the morning? Hello? Yeah, just a minute. It's Dr. Cardwell. Dr. Cardwell. Mrs. Dubois. I-I appreciate you coming back. Please. When I had the opportunity to reflect on what you said-- how you described your dream-- I realized that you referenced the letters "J" and "O." On the train. On the locomotive. Now, I went back and double-checked. I hadn't included that fact in my account of the incident. It's nowhere in the book. So, uh... I believe I owe you an apology. You already apologized on the phone. As I explained when we first met, what I really need... is some help. Actually, maybe we can help each other. If you'd be willing, I'd love you to spend some time in the lab. I suspect that the more we study your dream, the clearer the message will become, and my hunch is that once that code is broken, the dream will abate. And how can I help you? Well... I keep thinking... perhaps it's not an accident that we met at that party, that you're having this dream. Whatever its message, I can't help but wonder if it's coming from my little brother. Look, the mayor's asking a lot of questions-- questions that I can't answer-- the most important being, "Why isn't this kid being hauled off in a jumpsuit yet?" I just want to make sure we have everything we need. Everything we need? We have a confession. What else could we possibly need? I just think there might be more to it, that's all. Well, you're wrong. There is no more to it. He did a bad thing. People are angry. Now we need to put him away. Tell the mayor I get the message. I just want to make sure all our ducks are in a row and I need a little more time. - How much? - A couple of days. I don't know if you've noticed, but it's pouring outside. I mention that because the mayor thinks of you as family. The mayor thinks of you as someone under his umbrella. Don't take too much time. We'd all hate to see you get wet. I don't know what else to tell you. It's big. It's a train. These boys are running down a dirt road. Open your eyes. A... A dirt road? - You're certain. - Yeah. An old dirt road. Why? We grew up in Winslow. It wasn't a metropolis, but the roads were paved. What about the time of day? Just day. I don't know what time it is. The sun's out. It's daytime. It was dusk when Kenny and I raced home. It was the end of a long summer day. I remember because it was getting harder and harder to see. I always thought maybe that's why he tripped and fell. You know, if this is a message of some kind, if this is coming from your brother-- he was, what, five or six when it happened? Maybe he doesn't remember the time of day. Maybe he actually remembers a dirt road. Maybe. I don't know. There are certain days-- the birth of your children, your wedding day-- they're just burned into your head. The day I lost my brother-- the day my brother died-- I can tell you the shade of green the grass was under our feet as we ran. I still remember the smell of my pillowcase. I cried into it for three days. I remember... everything. Whenever I go to a funeral, I see the deceased. They seem to seek me out. Would you like me to visit your brother's grave? There is no grave. There was no body. Three other kids disappeared that summer in that area. They finally caught the man who did it, just before Halloween. I remember hearing how the father of one of the other little boys shot him just as he was being transferred from the courthouse to the jail. Never did confess. Never did tell anyone where the bodies were. Can I ask you to do one more thing? These things belonged to my brother. I was wondering maybe you could just go through them. See if anything comes to you. - Maybe Kenny... - Will communicate with me? I've given this box to a number of people over the years. Has anyone ever gotten any...? Did you or your brother have a nickname? Like? Like... Buckles... or Bucky or, or, Buckley something? You know what? I'm sorry I even mentioned it. I'm exhausted. Is there any way I could take these things with me, try and get some rest and maybe try again later? Sure. Just got a call back from the Department of Motor Vehicles. You were right. Chavo Galindo's family just registered a new car valued at over $35,000. And from what we can tell, the car wasn't financed. - You're saying they paid cash. - Seems that way. Hm. New car, expensive defense attorney. Must be pretty lucrative, confessing to murder. But why would anyone do that, even for all the money in the world? Hey, you're 14 and poor and someone staring at life in prison offers you and your family more money than they ever dreamed of? And what are you looking at, four, five years in juvenile prison? You come out, you're a wealthy kid. You've got important friends in the neighborhood. Starts to look like a career path, doesn't it? Come on, you plastic, non-commissioned, little bastard. How long are you going to do that? Until I get something. What if you don't get anything? I'll get something. I have to get something. I'm not getting anything. Allison, it's the weekend. It's been raining for a day and a half. The girls are going out of their minds. How about we take them to the movies? Now? Come on. I can't handle the three of them by myself. What do you say? You've been staring at Action Figure Andy and "Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots" all day. When we get back, you can stare at them some more. - Stop that. - What? The movie hasn't even started yet and you're already sneaking looks at your watch. It was supposed to be a search for their mother. We're almost there. I can't make it! Shut up and run! Am I awake? What are you talking about? Of course you're awake. But this summer, Nate and David Carmichael will find much more than they bargained for. Damn. Hey. Hi. What you doing? Just watching you. What's the matter? They all out of weather on Channel 77? Couldn't sleep. 3:17-- what a shock. The train? That, and I keep hearing Cardwell's voice when I called him on the phone to tell him about the coming attraction. How'd he take it? You know, he's a scientist. You know how they are. Mm. Just a bundle of emotion, huh? Very logical. I should have known. Then he reminded me of all the inconsistencies between my dream and his memories. Damn scientists. Damn logic. But I could sense his sadness, his disappointment. I like to believe these things come to me for a reason. That there's a meaning and a purpose to all of it. But maybe that's just ego. Maybe it's all random. I dreamed a movie's coming attraction. And maybe that's all it is, is a movie's coming attraction. I'm happy to bargain, I'm happy to be flexible. What I'm not happy to be is taken advantage of. Well, remind your client that the luxury yacht market in Arizona is limited at best, and if this drags on any longer, I might just lose my yen for buying his boat. I'm sorry, I have to go now. Just think about what I said. Manuel. Nyles. I'm happy for you-- you and the mayor. Putting this messy business to bed. I meant to ask you the other day-- how does an expensive piece of manpower like you come to represent a fatherless boy whose mother makes $11 an hour? This is America, Manny. Everyone is entitled to a vigorous defense. And I live here, too. I care about my community. I'm sure you do. It's 3:30. Those news trucks out there are going to want to hear from us before Oprah signs off. - Let's talk numbers? - Absolutely. Obviously, we're looking for what you're looking for. That's why we're here. That's why we confessed. No trial, no muss, no fuss. We're thinking four years in a juvenile institution, no probation and you expunge the charges when he's released. You've met the boy. He's got a clean record. Some dubious relatives, but a clean record. I truly believe this is aberrant behavior, and I truly believe this is the appropriate punishment. So, can we put this to bed? I'll certainly think about it. Excuse me? Your client confessed to the cold-blooded murder of a pillar of the community. I think that warrants some thought. I'll be in touch. You wanted to see me? Yes. Thanks for stopping by. No. I'm glad you called. I felt very badly about last week. - Obviously you were feeling ill... - I haven't been sleeping and... - You first. - No... just... Look, I could have used your help, yes, but at that moment, for whatever reason, you didn't have help to give me. I understand. But I'm hoping today will be different. What are these? I have reason to believe that one of these four men may be the one who's bankrolling 14-year-old Chavo Galindo's defense and siphoning money to his family. It doesn't seem unreasonable to suppose that whoever's spending hundreds of thousands of dollars to implicate this boy probably had a hand in the killing of Councilman Miguel Garcia. - And you were hoping...? - That you might be able to tell me... From these pictures? I gotta tell you, I'm still not at my best. The sleeping thing I was telling you about, and for some reason whenever I close my eyes I see this movie train. So you're not getting anything? No. I'm sorry. Oh, well... It's okay. At the end of the day, all I would've been doing is adding your hunch to my own, and it would take a lot more than a couple of hunches to stop this juggernaut. Can I hold on to these? Who knows, maybe tonight everything will break open, and... Of course. So what does the rest of the day hold for you? Gee, it looks like I could still make story time. Nice. Well... wish me luck. I feel a press conference coming on. "Grizz Brickbottom was the toughest cowboy ever to drive a herd of cattle across the open range. Grizz was so tough he could drink a quart of Tabasco sauce a day." This is a great idea. Marie's loving this. I know. This is one of Jason's favorite things, too. You know, I can just see it now. I'm going to be buying cowboy stuff for the next year and a half. Not us. We'll be buying ponies. Ponies. "Based on a novel by Ken Buckley." Buckley? Buckley? Kamala, can you excuse me a second? Yeah. Okay, let's look at this... "Based on a novel by Ken Buckley." "Ken Buckley was born in 1964 "and still lives in rural Holbrook, Arizona, not far from the railroad tracks, where he grew up hearing the stories of the lives forever altered by the mighty locomotives that would pass through his town." Ken Buckley... Kenny Cardwell. What you doing? Looking up something on the map. Making a break for it, huh? No matter where you go, Allison, I will find you. Holbrook. Where Ken Buckley lives. Looks to be about 70 miles away. So? So I'm going to drive there tomorrow. You mean today. After I take the kids to school and drop Marie off at day care. See if maybe I can talk to Ken Buckley. See if there's any way possible he's Kenny Cardwell. Remember what that doctor said about my dream? That the dream would abate the more I understood its message. Well, the funny thing is, after I saw the coming attraction, as disappointing as it was for Dr. Cardwell, it kind of helped my sleeping. Really? It's 4:00 in the morning. Exactly. And I slept over four hours. I only had the train dream three times. It's not perfect yet, but it's getting better. I feel like I'm getting closer. Is that the best you can do, "Wha...?" What do you want me to say? It's 4:00 in the morning. I don't know-- good luck. I mean, think about it. What's the downside? So, I knock on this guy's door. So, he opens it. And he's black or he's really young or he's really old or he isn't even there 'cause he moved to California to be closer to his seven brothers and sisters, who he's been close to all his life. And I say, "I'm sorry, my mistake." But at least I'm doing something. At least I'm chasing the train and the train's not chasing me. You know what? Good luck. Thank you. Come on, you know it's 4:00 in the morning? We should be in bed. Morning. Morning. I'm looking for Ken Buckley. He's not here right now. He'll be back soon. But he's not here right now. Okay, maybe I'll go get a cup of coffee and I'll come back. I know you're tired. I know you haven't slept. And I'm sorry I haunted your dreams. But I haven't slept in almost 20 years. For 20 years, I stood outside the gates of Heaven feeling nothing but the heat of hell beneath me, calling me home. I know I'm a bad person. I know I've done bad things. But I need to put this to rest. I need your help. Mr. District Attorney, I was starting to think you'd forgotten about us. Oh, I'm a lot of things, but forgetful isn't one of them. Please, have a seat. - So. - So. I've given your client's situation a great deal of thought. - I'm sure. - And here's what I'd like to propose. 16 years. Arizona State Correctional Facility. That, of course, assumes that your client stands by his confession and the state avoids the expense of a trial. But I... With all due respect, Manuel, that is not a deal. - That is a maximum sentence. - No. The maximum sentence for murder one is death by injection. The more likely sentence is life in prison. And that's what I'm guessing he'll get if we try him as an adult, which we're prepared to do. At least, this way, he gets out when he's 30. It's not nearly as bad as it sounds. They say it's the new 20. But he's confessed. Yes, he did. And in great detail. Which is the only reason I'm even entertaining this generous deal I'm proposing. Come on, Chavo. Think about it. Whatever you're getting for this, is it worth what you're going get for this? Who was it? - It w... - Who was who? District Attorney Devalos, I really do need you to address all your questions to me. - I did this on my own. - Do... not... speak! Is that your final offer? It's my only offer. And in my opinion, if you're interested in doing what's best for your client, you'll accept it. I'm sorry, son, but taking the rap for murder is not, nor will it ever be, a career opportunity in the city of Phoenix. If you decide to rethink your confession, your attorney has my number. Mr. Buckley? Can I help you? I don't know. I'm actually here on behalf of your mother, or the woman who brought you up, I mean. I'm sure you're mistaken. My mother, the woman who brought me up, she's been dead for quite sometime now. Since 1985. I know. I'm also here on behalf of your brother. Ma'am, I don't know who you are or what you want, but I don't have a brother. Well, yeah, you do and you wrote about him in your book. Ken? Does the name "Cardwell" ring a bell? Does it? No. I don't know. Maybe. Tell me that name again. It was a story my mom told me all the time about two boys running. The youngest one falls just before he reaches the tracks and a kind woman finds him... Mr. Buckley, that story is your story. I don't know what you mean. Connie Buckley, the woman who raised you... My mother. Her son, the one she gave birth to, died of scarlet fever when he was seven months old. His death devastated her. She became despondent and morose, her husband left her. My father died when I was a baby. Then, one day, she got a gift. The gift was a little boy. And unlike the boy in your story or the movie they made from it, he was barely four years old. She took you home... just for dinner at first. Then she decided that you were hers to keep. As luck would have it, you came into her life during a summer where three other children met a far less pleasant fate at the hands of someone even more twisted than Connie. The two of you lived in Nevada for two years, then you moved back here. She told you she was your mother. Every day she'd tell you, every day you'd cry. Until one day, you just didn't cry anymore. This brother of mine you say you're working for... He'd very much like to meet you. Everything that I've told you is a matter of public record-- the death of Connie's son, all the stories from when you went missing. I know it's a lot to digest. When you're ready... call. Oh, and by the way... Connie Buckley, the woman who raised you? She wanted you to know that she truly loved you. And she's truly sorry. Allison? Allison? Hey, babe, it's 7:30. You overslept. Oh, my God, I slept through the night. And did we, perchance, dream of trains? - Not once. - Planes, buses? Any form of transit? Cool. I could use a hand. Marie wet her bed. Kenny? Can you ever forgive me? What are you talking about? I tripped, man. I tripped. I am so sorry. You got another dollar I could borrow? No. Wait a minute, what time is it? Uh, 9:35. Damn. This guy made me promise I'd be where no one could see me by 9:00. We gotta go, man. Hello. So sorry to call in the middle of the night, but suddenly it all became clear. Slow down, Allison. Start at the beginning. Okay. Sorry. I'm sorry, it's just... it's just, I just had a dream about your 14-year-old murderer. I saw where he was when he was supposed to be killing the councilman. He was at a video arcade. And not only that, but there was a security camera. and I'm betting that if we look at the security tapes of the day in question - and look at the time stamp... - Allison. We sent Chavo to a medium security facility, pending trial, two days ago. His first night there, he was stabbed to death by an inmate who wanted his toothbrush. Allison? You okay? Yeah. Sure. I guess so. Listen, I'm going to go back to sleep. How about you? I don't know. Maybe.