"there's one time in particular "that I can't get out of my head. "I took our housekeeper's matches "and I set the leaves in the backyard on fire.</i> "then I tried to blame her. "you knew better, of course. "and you used it as an opportunity to teach me</i> "the difference between lying and being a liar.</i> "I learned that day that I could say anything to you,</i> "and that whatever we had to deal with,</i> "your love for me would never go away.</i> "I guess that's why I'm writing this to you.</i> "I know you and mom are worried about me.</i> "I know you think I'm not handling college well,</i> "that I'm adrift. "and I guess you're both right. But it's a little more complicated than that."</i> Mmm. You need anything? Your mom wasn't sure that you would have Enough money left after buying your books. No, I'm fine, dad. "I'm so glad you came all the way out to see me.</i> "I know you're busy. "and I wanted to talk to you, really talk to you,</i> "but I just couldn't. "that's my fault, dad, not yours. "so I'm going to say everything now. "I know that's not fair. "but please don't be too mad at me. "this is something I've been thinking about doing</i> "for a while now. "and I want you to know That it would have happened no matter what."</i> (knocking on door) "I've been so confused. And this thing, it's..." Arianna? "...Like a lighthouse in the middle of all that.</i> "it's so easy to steer toward, "that I feel like it's where I have to go.</i> "the first thing I want to say is that I'm sorry.</i> "I hope that, since this is the last time</i> "I'm going to talk to you, I can give you what you need</i> "to come to terms with what I've done.</i> "you're my dear dad. I can say anything to you, right, dad?"</i> Hello? Ari! Arianna? (shouting indistinctly) (sobbing) (gasps) (panting) Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com Departure time is t-minus five minutes. If you're not on the train, You're going to be left at the station. Can you help? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thanks. Marie, honey, you got five minutes. I just want to finish this chapter. Well, you can finish in the car. Hey, is this a library book? Where'd you get this? We haven't been to the library in ages. It was in my closet. Well, when was it due? I don't know. I didn't take it out. Well, who did? Who do you think? Well, somebody must have cleaned the room And just stuck it in the closet. Somebody? Bridge, that isn't your book. It belongs to the library. Yeah, well, I guess I forgot they were in there. "they?" How many have you got in there? I don't know. I mean, they let you check out seven at a time. Bridgette, you have seven overdue books in your closet? You're not supposed to take the library books, You're supposed to bring them back. Well, it's too late now. I mean, if I brought them back, Then they would send me to jail or something. They're not going to send you to jail. They're going to charge you a fine. I'm guessing it's going to be big. My hunch is your allowance is going straight to The public library for the next few months. But library books are supposed to be free. They are free, as long as you play by the rules. After school today, I want you to walk over there And return those books. Fine. (phone ringing) I was reading that! Well, too bad. Go check it out at the library. (sighs) (phone beeps) Hello. Devalos: Morning. Um, sorry to bother you so early. Oh, no, no, no. It's no bother, mr. District attorney. I was wondering if I could ask a favor. Wondering if there was any way I could get you to drop by My house on your way to work this morning, Say around 9:00? Course. Is everything all right? Nothing that can't hold until 9:00. Nice hair. Nice glasses. As you both know, our daughter arianna took her own life During her sophomore year of college. Today is the anniversary of the day she died, The day I found her. Losing a child... Is always a nightmare for any parent. For us, I think it's been especially difficult. Arianna didn't leave a note. She never told us why. Nothing at all? She never communicated with either one of you? Devalos: Lily went out to get the newspaper, And saw that the flag was up on the mailbox. And when she looked inside, She found this. Oh, no. This is terrible. I'm so sorry. Devalos: I certainly made my share of enemies over the years. Put plenty of bad people in prison, Even received death threats, But never anything like this. Never anything involving my family. Would you please excuse me? (sobs softly) You know, this is going to sound crazy. I think I saw the man who did this. What are you talking about? I saw a man putting something in your mailbox. I mean, I didn't really see it, and he wasn't really there, But I didn't realize that at the time. I actually got a pretty good look at him. He was young, maybe 30. Caucasian, tall, thin. And he was wearing these glasses. Kind of... Black, vintage frames. Ring any bells? No, I don't think so. Okay, I'll tell you what-- I'm going to canvass the neighborhood, See if anyone else saw this guy. I'm also going to have someone at the station Put together a file of all your cases. A mug-book of everyone you've tried. If the guy who left this really is someone you put away, Then, well, hopefully, allison will recognize him. Young lady, these books are very late. You've had them for more than a year now. I know. I, uh, guess I just kind of lost track of them. I'm sorry. But they were really good. Glad you thought so. Now maybe some other children can enjoy them, too. I'm afraid we've already forwarded these to collections. You owe the retail cost of the books. Which comes out to $92.18. Ninety-two dollars?! I'm just a kid! Where am I supposed to get $92? Uh, you're not going to call the police, are you? Am I going to get arrested? What about asking your parents? No. I don't want to do that. They're already really mad at me. I might have an idea. Ariel: You're working At the library? Why are you so surprised? I don't know. It just seems odd That someone would depend on you to do anything. Hey, I'm dependable. And besides, they've got books laying around All over the place in there. So this is good. I'm helping them with their problem, And instead of paying me, they're paying off the fines. Joe: It sounds like a pretty good Solution to me. Honey, don't eat any ice cream before dinner. Well, when are we going to eat? I'm hungry. I don't know. That's a good question. Where's your mom? She's been in her room For the past couple hours. Hey, you hungry? Should I order some pizzas? No, no; we have some leftovers in the fridge I was going to heat up. I'm sorry, I got so caught up With these files. Still no luck? I've looked through every single person That devalos ever put away, and none of them look like The man I saw leave that awful card. Well, maybe it's time to pack it in for the night. I guess so. I just wish I could do something. I wish I could help. Well, wait a second. Aren't you actually that psychic woman Who, uh, gave the police A description of the guy who did this? Very funny. You know what I can't figure out? The pythagorean theorem? Last night, I had a dream about devalos and his daughter. And in it, I saw him find a suicide note. I even heard what the note said. I mean, most of it, anyway. But then when I went to his house this morning, His wife said that arianna never left anything behind. Now, why would he do that? Why would he keep something like that from her? (sighs softly) I have no idea. Hey, you want to take the kids out? I know it's a school night, but, you know, It might be fun to take the kids out. Devalos: Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,</i> No attorney relishes the prospect Of taking on a case That involves the sexual assault of a young woman. It forces us to ask uncomfortable questions About the personal behavior Of both the alleged assailant And the alleged victim. In this case, we will have to look closely at what happened On the night that deanna whalen, by her own admission, Willingly accompanied the defendant back to his home. That they had sex not once, not twice, But three times over the course of the evening Is not in dispute. And yet, miss whalen maintains that a crime has been committed. That she gave him her phone number the next day Is also not in dispute. But still, she claims that she was not a willing participant In the previous evening's events. Miss whalen even concedes that it took her three days Before deciding to call the police. And now she cites her inability To recall the precise events of the evening as proof That mr. Gerwin must have drugged her and raped her. (sighs) Quite a story. But that's all it is. A story. And the district attorney knows it. Now, the prosecution will attempt to portray the defendant As a man of low character, but he is not. They will paint my argument as an attack on miss whalen, But it is not. Truth be told, my client is guilty of nothing more Than participating in consensual sex, And the irony is, his accuser is guilty of the same. And yet, she seeks to use this court And you, this jury, as a kind of legal absolution, As a way to wash away her sins So she needn't take responsibility for them. There's only one problem with that. William gerwin is not a rapist. William gerwin is an innocent man. Yep. That's definitely him. That's definitely william gerwin. Back when I worked As a defense attorney at mcclenahan-everett, Mr. Gerwin was one of my clients. A rather important one, actually. He was the son of one of the partners. He was 22 when he was accused Of drugging and raping a young woman that he met at a party. Her name was deanna whalen. Gerwin's father personally asked me To take his son's case as a favor. And... (sighs) I was only too happy to oblige. The case was very weak. A classic "he-said, she-said." Rape kit was never administered. No drugs were found in the girl's system. She didn't even file a report with the police Until several days after the alleged incident. The ada who was handling gerwin's prosecution Knew the odds were against him, And he offered me a deal early on, But I-I turned it down. That's how confident I was in the case. I remember that case. That kid wound up going to jail, didn't he? Someone sent a collection of videos To the district attorney's office In the middle of the trial. Never found out who sent them, But it didn't much matter. They were videos that william had made of himself Having sex with unconscious and obviously drugged women, Including deanna whalen. The deal I'd been offered Evaporated. William was given the maximum sentence, And I left mcclenaha n-everett shortly after that. I-I'm sorry, sir. If he received a maximum sentence, Then how could he be the one to leave you that card? Turns out, he was recently granted an early parole. It seems that one of his cell mates Took him into his confidence one night, Told him the details of an unsolved murder, Something to do with organized crime. It was a federal case, So gerwin went to the local fbi office. And in exchange for his sealed testimony, Time was shaved off his sentence. As I understand it, Gerwin never even had to appear In open court. The man gerwin sent to jail Never even knew who offered him up. And you're absolutely certain that william gerwin Is the man you saw put this card in the box? It was him, sir. I'm sure of it. I already reached out to his parole officer. We're bringing gerwin in for questioning in a few hours. If he really was the one who left that note in your mailbox, Well, let's just say I intend to make damn sure he doesn't leave another. 839.2... Whoa. Cool. Miss aiken, who's that guy? Oh, nobody special. Just a fellow who comes in every day to use the computers. "prince"? No, I've never seen this card before. I certainly didn't leave it for mr. Devalos. (sighs) So, is that it? Can I go now? Not just yet, mr. Gerwin. Okay. So what else do you want to talk about? How is the "man-man" doing, anyway? That's what my dad used to call him. Manny didn't like it very much, but what can you do, right? Well, you seem to be having a pretty good time. What would you say If I told you that we had an anonymous tip From someone who says that they saw you Put that card in devalos's mailbox? Well, the first thing I'd say is, "your tipster is mistaken." But even if he or she weren't, What's with the hard-ass routine? I mean, whoever left this card, did they do something illegal? Is there a law against mailing people greeting cards? There are laws against harassment. And does this card break that law? Mr. Gerwin, you're on parole, right? If we want to, we can make life very difficult for you. So why don't you just admit what you did, And we can get this thing cleared up today? Because I didn't do it. I've never been to his house. I haven't thought about him in years. You sure about that? The "man-man" was your lawyer. You got convicted. You're not holding a grudge? Why would I hold a grudge? I raped that girl. I went to jail. Why would I be mad at my attorney? Rich kid like you Probably had a pretty rough go of it in prison. I wouldn't be surprised if you got a little taste Of your own medicine, once or twice. (chuckles dryly) Once or twice? I spent years getting " a taste of my own medicine." That what you wanted to hear? That there's a ying for every yang? That I got what I deserve? Well... There it is. Now, if this card upset your boss, I don't know what to tell you. But me? The new me? I'm a firm believer that if you get a card like this, You probably deserved it. So maybe you should be sitting your boss down, Asking him why he thinks he got this. Allison: He was so smug. He was practically rubbing our noses In the fact that he did it. Well you've got to hand it to him. He figured out a way to get attention. To work out his anger at your boss. But he's on parole, right? He's essentially impotent. If he does anything, he goes right back to jail. So he-he sends that card. He gets a rise out of a bunch of people. It's kind of like a child, don't you think? Like a child? He raped a teenage girl, And when he couldn't get away with it, He blamed his lawyer. There's nothing childlike about that. Uh, dad? Can you come look at the computer? Stay. Stew. Finish your beer. Finish my beer, if you like. I mean, look at this. Suddenly, I have 200 e-mails That I didn't have this morning. I mean, I don't want to earn six figures selling real estate In my spare time. I don't care About getting $5, 000 from "cash for clunkers" Without even turning in my car. And I don't want to hear from this "prince abantu" again About how he can't get at his $20 million inheritance. Did you guys say something about prince abantu? Did you download the latest version of spam blocker? No. You told me not to download anything, so I didn't. Okay. Scoot over. Let me drive for a minute. Did someone say something about prince abantu? Yeah. Why? I think I know him. You don't know him. He's not real. I mean, he's a scammer who claims to be a nigerian prince Who needs help recovering frozen assets from some trust. I mean, it's like, you give him $10,000, And he gives you a million. No. You're wrong. Prince abantu's a real guy. He goes to the library where I work. You can come visit him, if you want. I mean, he's there all the time. And I wouldn't delete that if I were you. All we have to do is just send him some money, And then we can move into a bigger house. (chuckling): Bridgette. He doesn't look like a scammer to me. He looks like a prince. I mean, he wears robes, And he carries this big stick thing and... I don't know who you saw, sweetie, But I got to side with ariel on this one. This is one of the oldest tricks in the book. I've gotten 100 e-mails like this. People who send them aren't connected To african royalty In any way, shape, or form; they're just criminals. Okay, but I think you're wrong. Okay. They were on a shelf in the bedroom; hidden in plain sight. Obviously, the cops never bothered to actually look At the tapes when they searched his place. My people didn't, either, the first time through. It's a good thing you sent me to take a second look. Look inside. Is this what I think it is? Take a look. William: Here, have some of this. Have a little drink. Deanna: Um, I don't... (low groan) William: No? Deanna: Uh, no. No? I don't feel so good. William: No? No. No? No, I don't feel so good. No? (deanna groans softly) Oh... (vcr clicks off) The others are just as bad. Different girls, same drill. I know it's not what you were Hoping I'd find, but at least now you know. You'll be ready if there are other copies floating around For the prosecution to latch onto. You want me To accidentally drop these In an incinerator? No, that's, uh, that's not necessary. I'll take care of them. Thank you, walter. (gasps) I'm telling you manuel devalos torpedoed his own case. Manuel devalos, the most honest, ethical man I've ever met. Not the second-most honest and ethical man you've ever met? Oh, come on, joe. Why would he do that? I don't know. Maybe, maybe 'cause he knew The guy he was representing was guilty? Maybe he was sick of representing rich scum. Or maybe he just wanted to give lawyers everywhere a good name. No, I'm sorry. None of that explains it. If he couldn't represent his client in good conscience, Then he should have just resigned from the case. What he did was a violation of attorney-client privilege. Hell, what he did was illegal. But don't you kind of admire him for it? A bad man, a dangerous man, Who might otherwise have walked free, went to jail. Sorry. I'm on team devalos. Yeah, well, if the truth be told, So am I. But why am I dreaming this? What am I supposed to do with it? I've been waiting for one this easy for a long time. You do nothing. And you admire your boss just a little bit more. I know I do. And you definitely don't say anything To anybody about this. That's what you do. (siren wailing in distance, indistinct police radio chatter) Scanlon: Hey. Thanks for coming by. Everything okay? Honestly, I'm not sure. This is a weird one. A girl named jennifer ludlow rents this place. She's a bartender. Community college student. Slept at her boyfriend's place last night. Gets home early this morning, Finds the door like that. Someone forced their way into her place. But she's all right? Oh, yeah, she's fine; there was no one here. There's nothing missing, either. So what are we doing here? Someone put one of these In every picture frame in the place. Okay, I'll ask. What is this? Can't say for sure. Seems like someone's trying to send manny a message. I know what you're thinking: Our friend william gerwin. The problem is the scene's clean. So far, we haven't found any physical evidence at all. None of the neighbors saw anything. We got bupkis. Does devalos know about this? He didn't want to come down. Just said, "thanks for telling me." Seemed kind of distracted. Anyway, feel free to look around. And holler if you get a bite. Of course. Devalos: You've reached the voicemail of manuel devalos. Please leave a message, And I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Take this. Sir, can you give me a call when you get this? I'm just leaving that woman jennifer ludlow's apartment. Unfortunately, I didn't see anything That could be of any help, But I do need to talk to you about your old client. We meet again. You did this. Sorry? Did what? Don't play coy. We both know what you're doing and why you're doing it. Really? You know why? Well, if that's the case, If you really know what went on with me And my legal representation, Then I'm sure you share my sense of outrage. See, I think I deserve What every other accused citizen deserves: A fair trial. And that means having a defense attorney who's not serving me up On a silver platter to the prosecution. What do you want? How is harassing this man gonna change anything? Are you aware that after I was convicted, My family disowned me? It's true. So not only did I spend all those years in prison, I came out with nothing. I'm a convicted felon. And I'm penniless. That man-- your boss-- He destroyed me. So what do I want? I guess I'd like to destroy him. I want him to come forward and admit what he did. I want him to lose his job. And I want him to go to jail. Well, that's crazy. That's never gonna happen. Oh, I think it might. You know, I was really hoping That manny was gonna come down here this morning. But you seem pretty close to him. Maybe you could give him a message for me. There's a reason why all those articles wound up In jennifer ludlow's apartment. She's young, pretty. Just my type. I don't understand. Sometime soon, If the district attorney doesn't come forward And admit what he did, I'm gonna rape jennifer ludlow. You should say something. You really are insane. You know, the act of just making that threat is A violation of your parole? You're going back to jail. I don't think so. Are you wearing a tape recorder? 'cause if anyone asks if I made the threat, I'll deny it. You'll never get near that that girl. We will have people protecting her. We'll have people following you. Yeah, okay, but how close can they get? Can they follow me everywhere? If someone were following me right now, Do you really think they could stop me from, say, uh, Breaking your neck? If I didn't care about getting caught, that is, and... I don't. Look, I get it. You and the people you work with, You're gonna do what you're gonna do. You'll be watching pretty little jenny And you'll be watching pretty little me. So maybe it'll be her. Maybe it'll be someone else. The important thing is is that devalos knows About all this ahead of time. That way, if he doesn't step up, The girl I find... She won't just be my victim, She'll be his victim, too. Pretty good, right? That'll kill him, won't it? Good man like devalos. Respected man. No way he'll be able to live with himself If he let's that happen. (typing) Bridgette: I know who you are, you know. Pardon me? I know you're a prince. I know about the problem. I know about the money, and I want to help you. I've got a little more than $38 saved up. But I know it's not much, but it's what I've got. And when you get all that money That you've been writing to people about, You can pay me back. I just want enough To cover my library debt: $92.18. I think you are mistaken, little girl. You've got me mixed up with somebody. You don't have to pretend with me. I know you're a prince, okay? I've read the e-mails. And I know that you have enemies everywhere, But I'm not one of them. And look, even if you don't get all your money back, I want you to have this. I'm sorry, young lady, but you've got me mixed up. I must get going. No, you can't just not take my money Because I'm a little kid; that's not fair. Okay, okay, fine. Okay, give it to me. Isn't it a little early? No, what it is, is... A little cowardly. What it is, is selfish. Your timing is impeccable. I was  a minute from making a clean getaway. Your assistant told me where I could find you. Sir... We really need to talk. So all I have to do to prevent this lunatic From keeping his promise is step forward And declare myself a criminal? He knows what you did, sir. I don't know how he knows, but he knows. And I know it, too. Look, I would never secon d-guess what you did. I might have done the same thing. And I know how much you stand to lose. But unless there's something I'm not seeing, I don't think you can keep this a secret much longer. I think you need to start telling people what you did. And not to give in to him... But to keep him from doing something That you would never recover from. I mean... If he hurt some girl... I don't think you could live with that. There's a lot you're not seeing, allison. But I appreciate your concern. Uh, sir? Sir, I'm a part of this, too, now. I don't want to be, but I am. If you don't come forward... I don't know, I might have to. Well, I guess we're each gonna do what we have to do. Arianna: I can say anything to you, right, dad?</i> Well, this is the last thing you need to know,</i> The thing you're never gonna get To help me deal with. This thing that's been living inside me,</i> This cloud that I can't get out from under,</i> It's always been there, but it started to get worse</i> During my senior year of high school. Kim and I went to this party. It was mostly college kids home for their christmas break.</i> There was a boy there. His name was william. He was a little older, cute, funny. I liked him, so I pretended to be older.</i> He kept giving me drinks. I started to feel funny, So he asked me if I needed to lie down.</i> He helped me upstairs. And the rest? Well, you're defending him now; you know what he does.</i> I was barely awake for any of it. All I knew the next day Was that something sick had happened to me.</i> When I read about your case in the papers,</i> When I realized how many other girls he'd done it to,</i> How maybe I could have stopped it all If I had been braver and said something,</i> Well, that's when all this started. I'm sorry, daddy. I should have said something to you. (door slams) (gasps) (sighs) (soft sob) Allison: Sir. I've... I'm so sorry. I had a dream last night, And in it... (voice breaking): I saw ev-everything. Now I know why you did what you did. I'm so sorry if I was short with you yesterday, So sorry about what happened to arianna... To you and lily. For everything. Thank you. It's been quite a burden. The hardest part has been keeping my wife in the dark. Unfortunately, it looks like that's... No longer an option. You are gonna come forward? I don't think I really have a choice. I should have put it all together sooner. The obituaries that he was leaving everywhere... (heavy sigh) That's how he figured it all out-- He must have come across one in prison And when he saw her picture, imagine his surprise When he realized that he raped The daughter of his own defense attorney. (exhales) I'm gonna call a press conference Tomorrow, late afternoon, Admit what I did. Lily's away on a trip with some friends. I want to speak with her first. After that, I'll speak with the press. Hopefully, the fact that there's going to be A press conference will be enough To keep mr. Gerwin at bay for a day. I'm gonna miss this place. Regal man: Excuse me. This is for you. Wow. You already have my, uh, $92.18? No, it's just what you gave me yesterday. I can't keep it. I don't care what you say. You know, uh, I've only been doing this for a couple of weeks. I'm not proud of it. It's just, uh, I haven't worked in a while, And I was hoping to get a little bit of money coming in. But the truth is, your $38 was all I got, And, uh, I didn't set out to swindle little girls. So you're not a prince? (laughs softly) why are you dressed like that? Aiken: Bridgette? When you're done with those, would you come help me In the children's section, please? Yeah, sure. Um, miss aiken, This is prince abantu. He's from nigeria. Nice to meet you. Yeah, you, too. Bye. Bye-bye. (door opens, closes) Joe: Well, at least One of the dubois women is happy in her work. Bridgette loves working at the library.</i> She doesn't even mind the fact That you can't really talk in there. Will hate to see it end. Meets all kinds of interesting people. Even helped a nice young girl set up an e-mail account. Hmm? Come on, bridgette dubois, librarian at large? Isn't that good for at least a smile? Hmm. Well, I guess not. Hey, come on, I mean... I just, I can't stand the thought of this monster getting away with this, The thought of devalos losing his job, his license. Look, I know he made a mistake, But the truth is, if that had been one of our daughters, I would've done the same thing. I think he showed remarkable restraint In not murdering the son of a bitch. See? It's easy. Now you can write e-mails to whoever you want. Wow. Thanks. You're a very smart kid. Yeah, well, I get that a lot. (laughs) Actually, can you help me with one more thing? I'm not a very good typist. I always feel like I have ten thumbs. Is there any way you could type up an e-mail for me? (sighs) Don't be upset with me. (whispering): Arianna... Arianna, what are you talking about? What are you doing here? That e-mail I had your little girl type... It went to a crime boss named tom harper. William gerwin got his parole by agreeing to testify In an organized crime case. He sent away one of tom harper's top lieutenants. Harper never knew who the snitch was. That is, until now. Oh, my god, you do know What that man is gonna do to gerwin, don't you? Absolutely. And by the way, he's already done it. Gerwin is already dead? It happened about an hour ago. That man took everything from me. There's no way I could let him take Everything from my dad, too. I want what he did to remain a secret. Well, I'm sure it will. Now... Maybe... Maybe there's no reason for anyone to know now. Good. But there is one person who deserves to know the truth... Who needs to know the truth. Will you do something for me? Get my father to do something for me? Arianna: I love you, dad. And I love you, mom. Devalos & arianna: "you both gave me so much love, "and I'm taking that with me wherever I'm going. Devalos (only): "now you'll need to give it to each other. "goodbye, daddy. (sniffles) "goodbye, mommy. I love you. Arianna." (heavy sigh) (sniffles)