"Knock, knock" "It's District Attorney Van Dyke!" "Your mortgage is due!Pay it now or vacate the premises!" "Help has arrived.It's Attorney Larry Watt!" "My hero!" -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season04 Episode05</font> Do you know it's not even 6:00? Sorry. I couldn't sleep. This whole meeting at the bank about the home equity loan has got me all wound up. I just wanted to make sure I had everything in orR. Yeah. It's got me a little crazy, too. I just had a dream about larry watt saving our home from an evil banker. Larry watt? The callous and unprincipled defense attorney? I thought you hated larry watt. Well, I don't hate him. Not him. Just everything that he stands for. Ask me who the evil banker was. District attorney van dyke. That really was a nightmare. So, if larry watt was the hero, and van dyke was the villain, what role did I play? Well, you were strangely absent. I guess that's what I get for leaving you in bed by yourself. You got an e-mail. Great. Whoever it is, whatever they're selling-- we can't afford it. It's devalos. He's back. He's going to open his own practice. He thinks he might have some work for me. Ariel: You look nice. Thank you. Job interview? No. A thing at the bank. Just trying to borrow some money against the house. Just till we can figure out what's next. I don't know if you've noticed, but I haven't really asked you or mom for my allowance in a while. No. We appreciate that, and I know... I know you've been using your-your baby-sitting money for school lunch. - And it's fine. - Sweetie, just as soon as we... no. I know. It's just that... there's this store at the mall. It's a makeup store, and a bunch of us were going to go over after school today. And then I realized that I don't have money for the bus or to buy anything. And I was just wondering... how much money are we talking about? Well, they have these cases with brushes and makeup and everything, and it would be about $30. You need money today? Now? Ariel, I... sweetie, if I had $30 to give you... how much is the bus? It's-it's two dollars each way? - Never mind, dad. - No, sweetie.Hold on. - Dad, it's okay. - Wait, wait, wait, wait. Here's four dollars. Here's four dollars. Ariel. Ariel, honey! I'll see you tonight. No, no, no, no. This won't do. What won't do? We have a problem. You're betterdressed than I am. If you don't open that door, I'm going to kick it down. You've been warned. Hey, stranger. There is nothing more I would lovein this world than to have youcome work for me, but at the moment, I don't have any clients, much less any work. No. What I meant in mye-mail was, a, um... colleague of minewas asking about you. Wanted to know if I would make anintroduction for him. A defense attorney? I've never workedfor a defense attorney. Interesting case. Man's accused ofkilling his wife. Well, what do you think? Do you think he did it? I have no idea. Does it matter? It paysamerican money. Joe: The guy at the bank didn't seem to think there'dbe a problem. It's just a question of pushingthe paperwork through. He thought we'd have a checkin a week, week and a half. Well, this mustbe our lucky day, 'cause this meeting, or this job interview-- which is I guesswhat it is-- shouldn't take me morethan a couple of hours. I should bedone by 9:00. - Wish me luck. - Luck. Girls? Come on! Dinner's onthe table. Don't give yourdaddy a hard time. Oh, make sure thatmarie uses her napkin. Don't be afraid toask ariel for help. ariel? dad, don't you knock? I did knock. Yeah, well, you're supposedto wait until I say come in. I would have, but thenthere's this whole issue of life expectancyto deal with. Besides, dinner'son the table. Your mom wentoff to a meeting. I could use yourhelp with marie. What's this? Uh, I told you, we were going to the mall. We went to that store, and I bought that caseI was telling you about. Do you mind if I ask, uh, how did you do that? What do you mean? I just bought it. Don't worry. I used my own money. Uh, but this morning, you made it sound like you didn'thave any money. Yeah. Well... turns out I did. Who wantsdinner? hello! Hello? Hello! Hello? Is anybody here? Man:In here. larry watt for the defense. It's okay, mrs. Dubois. I'm not goingto bite. It's been a long time. I recognizedyour pitchfork. okay, I'm confused. Was it you whowanted to see me? These aren't your offices. Yeah, well, don't beangry with manuel. If I had asked youto come to my offices, would you have takenthe meeting? Yeah. No. My client, john edgemont, uses this firm for his corporateand civil matters. Oh, I see. But whenever he's accused ofkilling his wife, he hires you. allison, I knowyou're in a tight spot. And I also know, more than most, just how effective you can bein a trial situation. I'm prepared to offer youa lot of money to assist me. Assist you with what? My client's on trial for murder. Okay. Did he do it? I don't believe he did, no. How can you be so sure? Becauseyou'll meet him, and you'll tell me, or maybe you won'T. Maybe you'll be justlike the rest of us and help mount a great defense because you're being paidto do it. Think it over, but think quickly. Bank opens at 8:00. You know, he was kind of nice in an oily, larry watt kind of way. Ah, that's the soundof the money talking. What, you don't like the soundof the money talking? I love the sound of the money talking. I just hope thatyou're going to be okay with everything youhave to do to earn it. how much money do you thinkariel makes baby-sitting? I don't know. Why? Well, she wentto the mall today and spent, like, $30at this makeup store. And when I asked herabout it, she insisted that she did it withher own money. Okay. If that's what she told you, what's the problem? I don't know. There probablyis no problem. I mean I know thiswhole intuition thing is more your neck ofthe woods than mine, but I just gotthis feeling. Dad, can you pull overand let me off here? What are youtalking about? The school'sa block ay. I-I want to walk. Please. Okay. Thanks. Can I help you? My name's allisondubois. Uh, larry wattis expecting me. One moment. Mrs. Dubois? Attorney watt wanted me to ask youto please meet him in the conference room. John, I'm just trying to help you. No. You're tryingto stage manage an event that does not needto be stage managed. I did not killmy wife... therefore these courtroomtheatrics are unnecessary. Uh, they, they just told me to come straightin here. If this is a bad time... no, no, no, no, no. This, this isa perfect time. Allison dubois, john edgemont. John, this is the womanI told you about. Used to work forthe district attorney. YeS. I'm very awareof who mrs. Dubois is. I think she's going to prove to be veryuseful to us, particularly this morningwith jury selection. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. You shookhis hand. Tell me what you feel. Tell me what you see. nothing. I don't see anything.I don't feel anything. Precisely! Wait! Wait. I'm confused. What's going on? Apparently mr. Watt must think that by shaking your handI'm able to tellwhether you're... if I'm a man who couldkill his wife? So? What's the verdict? There is no verdict. Doesn't workthat way ever. At least it didn't today. So you have no opinionabout me? You seem like a nice man. I have trouble imagining youhurting anyone. I appreciate that. Mind if I ask youropinion about something? No, of course not. My, uh... my daughters, myra and chloe, they're sitting in the, in the waiting area... I think I passed them on the way in. My attorney believes thatit would be helpful if they were both presentin the courtroom during jury selection.Do you? Don't be naive, john. We're picking jurors. These are the people who aregoing to decide your fate. We need to paint a picturefor them of who you are. Me, personally? I already like you better when I seethat you have children. That the childrenare in your life. That they're in the courtroomsitting there with you. Look, it goeswithout saying, the district attorney is goingto do whatever it takes to win that jury over. But I could certainlyunderstand as a parent why you wouldn't want yourchildren to hear the things that are going to be saidin that courtroom. I'm not worriedabout my oldest. Myra's 18. I just... chloe is a few years younger, and frankly... she's what people politelycall "mentally challenged." Now, I'm, I'm, I'm not even sure that she'll understandwhat's going on. And I'm afraid in the courtroom, with the judge, and the lawyers, and all the loud talking... that, that she couldbecome frightened. She, she can be very excitable. We're fighting foryour life here, john. It is my job to encourage you to use every weaponat your disposal. Yeah, well... my childrenaren't weapons. I think I'm going to askmyra to take chloe home. NoW. I'll be right back. I was scared to deaththat I was going to meet him and something was goingto scream out "murderer!" But it wasthe complete opposite. What is so amusing? Nothing. I justthink it's funny that you not onlywant to get paid, but you want to be onthe side of right as well. Oh, doesn't everybody? Well, honestly noteveryone has that luxury. Well, right now I do. So please, stop rainingon my parade. Yes, ma'am. All rain will herebypromptly cease and desist. It better. are you laughing? I'm just saying let's keepthings in perspective, that's all. By "keeping it in perspective, " you really mean"don't bite the hand that's paying our bills", don't you? What do youwant me to say? As little as possible. Look, when I workedat aerodytech, I did a lot of thingsthat I didn't want to do, but that was the job and they were paying mea salary to get it done. I did those thingsbecause I needed the money. Because we neededthe money. He is a murderer! He murdered his wifein cold blood. - You think. - I know. Well, I don't knowwhat to tell you. 'Cause last night you "knew"that he was innocent. No, but you're right, you're right. All right, let'S... you know, we'll givelarry watt back his money. We'll live differently. We'll sell the house, we'll move to a commune. Eat onlywhat we grow. We'll homeschool the kids. I didn't sayI was quitting. I didn't say I wasgiving the money back. I just said... that this changes it for me. Yesterday it felt good. But I guess feeling good isnot a perk I get this time. I'm going to drive the kidsto school. I'll see youthis afternoon. See you this afternoon. Hey, uh, I'm ariel dubois'father. I was wondering if I couldtalk to you for a second. Watt:You're late! Not a terribly auspiciousstart, mrs. Dubois. I'm really sorry. I should have been herein plenty of time. I forgot that I didn't havemy official id anymore and that they took awaymy permanent parking space. They made me go upto the third... the judge took ill, there's no court today. I don't know why, but somehow I expected you would have known thatbefore anyone else. Anyway, my boy had an epiphanylast night. He wants to testifyin his own defense. I told him I thoughtit was ill-advised. Of course, that onlyhardened his resolve. I thought we'd havea little rehearsal, a little, uh, mock trialthis afternoon. Uh, attorney watt, I have to talk to youabout john edgemont. No, actually. No.You don'T. You're not the only one with good instinctsaround here, mrs. Dubois. I have a hunch that you're goingto tell me something about my client, something about our client that I don't need to hear. Well, I think you do. I had a dream about himlast night. Oh, I'm sureyou did. But whatever you dreamtdoesn't change the fact that there's a manaccused of murder who needs someoneto mount his defense. And speaking for myself only, I'd like to be that someone. The pay is goodand the work is interesting. And if you'd like to bethat someone, too, you change the subjectand change it quickly because whatever you thinkabout me you should know that I'm notkeen on suborning perjury. Now, john edgemont wants to tell his sideof the story to that jury and you know as well as I do that i can't put him on thestand if I know he's guilty. good. I'm glad we seeeye-to-eye on this. We'll reconvene at 2:00. You might want to show uparound 1:45. Parking can be trickyat that building. So you admit that you and yourwife fought on the nightof her death. Yes, we had an argument. What about? The children. My children. myra's a, a freshmanat college and she's taken to coming and goingas she pleases. Stacey thought we shouldlay down some ground rules about her hours. Or insist thatshe move to campus. Stay in a dorm. And you disagreed? I like having my childrenwith me at home. I just... I like it. And is myrathe only thing that you two disagreedabout that night? No. No, we also hada conversation about chloe. What about chloe? She requires a lot ofattention, doesn't she? Yes, chloe requiresconstant supervision. We have nurses, but it's, it's, uh... it's always difficultto have... a child with special needsat homE. stacey didn't have a lotof patience. She felt that we shouldput chloe in a facility. In an institution? That's right. And again, you... you didn't agree. I was fairly adamant that bothmy children should live at home. Watt:W-wait a second. Let's talk about this word"adamant." It conjures up allsorts of images. It makes you sound intractable. Let me makesomething clear here. No one is asking you to lie. But it would be veryhelpful to our cause if somehow this jurywas made to believe that the ideaof sending chloe away was something you might havereluctantly considered. Myra:But it's just not true. My father would neverput chloe in an institution. We're a family. She belongs at home with us. I know that, ms. Edgemont, and I admire it. But without lying aboutany of the material facts of this case, we have to paint a picturefor the jury on who your father is. We want it to be impossiblefor them to imagine that he's done thishorrible thing. We're fighting foryour father's life here. She understands. We both understand. I'll, um... I'll try to avoidusing the word "adamant." All right, fine. All right, so... that's a lot of stress on a new marriage, isn't it? Yes. That night, you fought. Yes, we did. And you claimthat your wife went out for a driveto clear her head. That's what she did. And you didn't worry whenshe failed to return home? Of course I worried. And the longer she wasgone, the more I worried. I couldn't raise heron the cell phone, we just had an argument. I mean, I guess I was hoping shewas cooling down. I guess I was hopingshe'd call me. And finally, just before 4:00, I called the police. it's done. Okay. Good. Really? I'm not so sure. Dad, you know whatwould've happened if you told themthe truth. They would'vetaken chloe away. To an institution. Or worse, prison. It's not likewe had a choice. Now, you promisedmother. You promised you wouldnever send chloe away. I know. I know I did. But myra, this isn't the first timeshe's hurt someone. But dad, you knowit isn't intentional. She isn't capable. She just getsfrustrated. She doesn't knowher own strength. I know. I know that. Stacey wasn'tthe best stepmother. And she wasn't the best wife. But she didn't deserveto die like that. Nobody does. For the last time, mr. Edgemont, did you or did younot kill your wife? No. I did not. Look, dad, mom's homefrom work exactly when we got home from school. Hi, mom, how was your day? Mine was good. We had sloppy joes for lunch. I never actually hada sloppy joe before. Except I reallylike them. This kid named bretttold me the sandwich was actually madeout of the guts of some guy named joewho's really sloppy. But I don't believe that. Do you believe that, mom? Both:I really need to speak with you. Allison: You first. No, you first. It turns out thatjohn edgemont is not guilty. Not? Excellent.You sure? Did you discover thisbefore you gave back the money? Answer the secondquestion first. Okay, I told you I was notgiving the money back. I told you I was not quitting. Okay, calm down. Boy, you seem awfully upsetfor somebody who just eight hours agowas worried they might be toilingaway for someone who committeda horrible crime. He's covering for his daughter. His daughter killed his wife? There's somethingwrong with her. She's got braindamage of some sort. I only saw her once, briefly. She seemed sweet. Apparently, she's gota real a temper. What are you going to do? The district attorney ispushing for the death penalty. I feel like I haveto tell somebody. Maybe watt, maybethe district attorney. And then I think, "no, I can't do that. This man is choosingto do this." He's not being framed. He's not being coerced. This is a father tryingto protect his daughter. Now, what was your thing? Oh, no, that's not fair. I can't possiblyfollow your dilemma. What are you talking about? You've got this, like, seven course meal of a moral quandary going on, I've got this little fast food burger of a problem. - It's okay, it'll wait. - Joe. I know how arielis getting her money. I thought we alreadyhad this conversation. Yes, we did, but then I took herto school yesterday and she's hanging aroundwith these older kids. You know, and your imaginationjust starts to go crazy. Then I realized I just hadto be forthright about it. I mean, I had to do something. What are you talkingabout "do something"? I don't know, just grab the bull by the horns. Anyway, I saw the older girlthat ariel was talking to the other day, and then I justfigured, "what the hell?" And then you... Nothing. I didn't do anything. Hey, you should seethe look on your face. Well, you must havedone something. Nothing. I give you my word. I didn't do anything. I just went up, I startedtalking to this girl. Oh, no. Oh, yes, how else do you think that I could figure out howariel was getting her money? You can't do that. You can't go behind herback and talk to her friends. It wasn't behind her back. It was in broad daylight in front of a wholebunch of people. She just didn't happento be one of them. This is terrible. You haven't even heard... okay, fine. Tell me. She's doing readings. Just this one girl, far as I can tell. And she seemed pretty impressedwith whatever ariel was telling her, which isprobably a pretty good thing considering she charged her $50. I guess with all the attentionthat you got in the press last year, it's just a matter of time before somebody sought her out. I can't deal withthis right now. You don't haveto deal with it. I'll deal with it. Well, you definitelycan't deal with it. The minute that she finds out how you got this information, everything you say is justgoing to fall on deaf ears. Oh, yeah? How is it thatyou know this and I don'T. Well, I don't know, joe. How is it I knowthis and you don't? hello? You know, I don't get that. Excuse me? I don't get that either. You can't tellwho's on the phone, you leave your bag behindafter a meeting, and you call yourselfa big time psychic? Mr. Watt. Ooh, maybe I spoke too soon. So what do you want me to do with this bag? There's not much here, just a pad and some pens. You want me to hold onto it until tomorrow? Where are you? I'm at the coffee shop across the street from where we were, why? Thanks for waiting. So what is it? What is what? you didn't come all the way hereto get back a pad and some pens. You're dyingto tell me something. Just remember our agreement. I don't wantto know if it has... no, it's not that. On the contrary. Now, I'm certainhe didn't do it. So ask me who diD. Do I care? It's chloe. His youngest. And edgemont knows. Well, that's not thereaction I was expecting. What do you mean? Why am I not surprised? About six years ago I got a callfrom edgemont's civil attorneys that my office neededto write up a, uh... umhea waiver of liability. A live-in nurse that johnand his first wife employed attacked in her bedr he middle of the night. Sound asleep, someone starts beating the crap out ofher with a baseball bat. Couple of broken ribs, contusions tface... a hundred thousand dollarsand that waiver later... hethe problem just... disappeared. Chloe? So what do we do now? What do you mean? This doesn't change anything. Our client is still innocent. And we have to continueto defend him. But isn't the bestway to defend him, to prove to the courtwho really did it? Well, that's one strategy. But I'm fairly certainit's a strategy to which our clientswould take exception. Listen, let'S... let's get out of here, you know? We have to finishpicking a jury tomorrow. I can't do that. Can't do what? I can't be a party to this. Look, I know you think whathe's doing is honorable, but she is obviously dangerous.She needs help. And she's not going to getit as long as everyone is convinced that herfather is the guilty party. We have to tell someone. Tell them what? I mean no disrespect. Where did you get this? A fortune cookie? Burning bush? I'm not the D.A.I'm a gun for hire. And john edgemont didn't hire meto turn his daughter in. Yeah, well, I'm a gunfor hire, too, and I didn't sign on for this. Look, don't be foolish. The guy is payingyou good money. And he is innocent. This is as close as you getto a straight flush in the defense attorneybusiness. Listen, I don't want tohave to go back to my client and explain to him why one dayyou're on the team and the next day you're off. Please, let's just get through this trial. And then after our clientis declared innocent, you want to be a girl scoutand go tell someone about his daughter, go ahead. But for now, take his moneyand pay your bills. Go buy yourself something. Buy your kids something. I mean, isn't that reallywhat this is all about? Taking care of your kids? 'Cause that's allI'm trying to do. And that's all you'retrying to do. Hell, that's allhe's trying to do. You smelllike shampoo. I'm sorry. Thank you forfeeding everybody and bathingeverybody. They're my kids, too, you know. Well, I know that. did you talk to ariel? You asked me not to. Do you have any ideawhat you're going to say to her? Well, actually, larrywatt gave me an idea. And it's $50. Take it. What's it for? it's for yourfriend, marcy. I want you to give herher money back. Daddy told you? But I don't get it. Why are you giving this to me? Because I can. Because I want you to putthat genie back in the bottle. Because idon't want you going through high schoolwith everyone remembering you for things that, frankly, if I was given a choice, I'm not sureI would wish on you. There is so much moreto you than that. I can't bear the thoughtof you taking a math test, and everyone thinking thatyou had an unfair advantage. Or some boy wanting toask you out, but hesitating because he's surethat you already know. And for people clamoringfor your attention for all the wrong reasons. Not because theywant to know you, but because they want to knowwhat they think you know. Can I tell you a secret? It wasn't even my idea. She came up to me at schooland started asking about you. Said she'd pay anythingto know her future. What college she'dend up going to. What the name of the manshe was going to marry would be. And I wantedthat makeup case so bad. I just started writingdown anything that... came to my mind, and then I told it to her. I have no ideaif I'm right about any of it. Neither will she. Not for years. Oh, my girl. Trust me. Trust me. You have to givethat money back. It might hurt alittle bit at first, but then, after that... mommy, what's this? Oh, I completely forgot about this. Oh, I think it's supposedto be some kind of fairy. But I don't know what itmeans or why I drew it. Is it a magic fairy? You know, I don't knowwhat kind of fairy she is. Oh, wait, wait. Oh, she's a sleepy-time fairy. And she's saying thatall the little girls who sneak around and go through their mama'sthings have to go to bed now. I heard voices, fighting. Sweetie, whatare you doing awake? You should be asleep. This is stacey's room. She doesn't likeus in here. Don't worry, sweetie. Stacey's gone. - Gone? - Yes. Gone forever. Can you keep a secret? Stacey wanted to send you away. To a hospital. She wanted us both to leave. She wanted daddy all to herself. Don't want to go to hospital. Oh, sweetie, I know that. I know that, and you knowI could never let that happen. I wouldn't let hersend you away, so I made her leave to protect you. But then I startedto get scared. I got scaredthat daddy might be upset. What if daddy got mad at mebecause stacey had left? Daddy loves stacey. Daddy loves stacey. And daddy loves chloe. In fact, he never getsmad at chloe, so I told him you did it. - Me? - YeS. Just like that other timewith the bad nurse who kept telling on you and me? Remember we told daddythat you hit her? This is justlike that. And now everything's goingto be fine. You can keep my secret for me, can't you, baby? And you'll never telldaddy the truth? Even if he asks? No, I won'T. He'll be so mad at me. I won't tell, I won't! Oh, I love you so much. I used the fairy. Do you want to touch it? Feel what itfelt like? Go on. Put yourhands on it. You're not goingto hurt anything. Wait. I have to call larry watt. Oh, it's going rightto voicemail. Oh, it's-it's barely 7:00. His cell phoneprobably isn't even on yet. he's still not picking up. Hey, mom, can we havesloppy joes for breakfast some time? Sure, babe. Joe: Allison, putthe phone down. The man obviouslyisn't at work yet. No. I'll feed the kids. You go get ready for court. Woman : This was the scene just before dawn at the mariposa county courthouse, where accused killer john edgemont confessed and surrendered to the district attorney in the bludgeoning death of his wife, stacey. - Edgemont pled guilty to second degree ... - Oh, my god. - Tell mommyyou want sloppy joes. - ...manslaughter with conspiracy after the fact. Kids, shh! Edgemont, in a sudden, early morning confession, admitted that he struck his wife with a small sculpture during an argument, then attempted to mislead authorities by staging a car accident to cover up the crime. Even as we speak, the judge in the case is meeting with the attorneys from both sides to determine sentencing... this is terrible. He thinks it's chloe. He thinks he's protectingsomeone who needs protecting. I have to get down there. Watt: The other thing toremember here is, it's not overtill it's over... I'll tell you, mrs. Dubois. This arriving after everything has happened isnot a good thing for your reputationas a psychic. I woke up. I saw it... on the television. Why? I got a call at3:00 in the morning. He wanted to confess, wanted to turn himself in. There was nochanging his mind. There was no talkingto him about it. No one's more shockedby all this than I am. Well, I'm going to head home andgrab a shower. If you needanything. I'm fine. Mrs. Dubois. I know my father wouldwant me to thank you for all that you didon his behalf. I know he didn't do it. Mr. Watt told me. Oh, he loves my sister. Maybe too much. Why 3:00 in the morning? Why the sudden urgency? I don't know. I mentioned to himabout your drawing. The fairy? I saw whenit came to you in thatlawyer's office. I think he was concerned that it was only a matterof time before someone found the statue, tied my sister to the crime. Your sister, right. so what happens to her nowafter all this? Doesn't she just end upin a hospital or an institution anyway? Absolutely not. She'll be with mein the house we grew up in, just like daddy wants. Until you get mad at her, or you don't need herfor an alibi anymore. Or you just get tiredof watching over her. Once again, my whole family appreciates all that you've done for us. Have a nice day, mrs. Dubois. I'll be watching you.