Doctor said I look good. Although, I must be getting older. She said she wants me to start doing an annual mammogram. Really? You never done one of those? It's cute. Getting old is a bitch. There she is. I was wondering when you were going to show up. I'm sorry. Do I know you? Of course you do. You've worked for me for years. It's me, Manuel. District Attorney Devalos. Duck! You're out of there! You like office dodge ball? 'Cause I'm picking you for my team. I pick Allison! So, what do you think? Of what? Of this. It's the ultimate wish fulfillment. You're anxious about getting older, so you dream you're a child again. No mammogram for you, no colonoscopy for me. Oh, and check out the hairline. So, wait. This is a dream? And I'm dreaming it just to feel better? Hey, that's what dreams are for. To make you feel good. You know what? You're right. I think I'd forgotten. Dreams should be fun. They should make you feel good. So this is how you use your gift? Are you talking to me? This dream-- it's so... frivolous. Frivolous? Well, I don't know. It does make me feel good. It is fun. I mean, that's what dreams are for, right? To make you feel good? How can you be so preoccupied with feeling good when life is so bad? Wait a second. Is it? Is life so bad? It is for me. Hey, you, you okay over there? Huh? Yeah. Yeah. No. I'm fine. I just... I had a bad dream. Well, don't worry, dear. I'm right here beside you. Not. Medium  617 Hi, Joe. I remember you. I'm glad that somebody knows who I am. I am so tired, I got in the car to drive home, and I actually had to stop and think for a minute where we lived. It's not even 5:30. What are you doing up? Paying bills. Had a bad dream. Couldn't sleep. Kind of lonely in there. Well, I'm home now. For four whole hours almost. I have to be back at the office by 9:00. What is with all these crazy hours? Isn't Keith a one-man band? Isn't he the guy who doesn't need anybody's help? Yeah, that was yesterday. This is today. Today, I think that the genius may have finally met his match. Burroughs-Strauss sold the government a new high-tech drone. But it doesn't work without a new, lighter fuel. Unfortunately, this new, lighter fuel has yet to be invented. That was supposed to be Keith's job and so far, Keith has come up empty. So, now he needs his seven dwarfs. Well, I can't speak for the other six guys, but he sure is learning on sleepy here... a lot. Glad you're here. Maybe you can make sense of this. Well, I'll do my best. But tell me something, there's a coroner's van full of people sitting out in front of this house. How about we invite them in to do their work? It's okay. Let them drink their coffee. I think you need to see this first. What a mess. Tell me about it. He, they, them-- busted in through that window. Somehow managed to turn off the burglar alarm. Then, uh, did whatever it is they were trying to do in here. I'm going to need you to put on some fresh booties. I don't understand, Lee. Where are you taking us? This all looks pristine. Are you sure they even came this far into the house? Pretty sure, yeah. Help me out here, Lee. What are we looking at? You're looking at the Prescotts. Martin, a research chemist. Irene, stay-at-home mom. Jason and Emily, a couple of well-liked honor roll students. I don't get it. Why are they just sitting there? Are they real? Real dead. Yeah. What the hell happened here, Lee? Well, I can only tell you what I know, and that's not much. There are injection marks on all of their necks. We're thinking that the killer or killers crept in while the family slept and incapacitated them one by one with some kind of fast-acting poison. Then he drained their blood. - Drained their blood? - Then he dressed them or, uh, redressed them, and then he posed them here. Like this. I'm sorry, you're telling me that there's four bodies' worth of blood somewhere in this house? Actually, no. We couldn't find a single drop of blood in the entire place. That doesn't make any sense. Yeah, it does if he took the blood with him. Hey. Sorry I'm late. What's going on? Uh, well, nobody quite knows what to do. About what? He told us to meet him in his office at 9:00 - and it's six minutes past 9:00. Come on. Let' - Slow down. You might want to take a peek inside before you go charging in. All right, well, I guess we've got to wake him up. Uh, no, thank you. I've seen The Hurt Locker. I know how this ends. Brian, you're being ridiculous. Come on. We're under a deadline. He's under a deadline. He'd want us to wake him up. We're talking about Keith here. This guy was eccentric before he couldn't turn water into wine. Now that he's under all this pressure with this fuel project, he's downright certifiable. Come on. You want to go in there and wake him up, go ahead. Me? I'm staying right here outside the blast zone. Okay. Besides, you bring him back to life, he may want us all to do some actual work. God forbid. Joe, that's not what I signed on for. That's not what any of us signed on for. Keith, it's 9:00. Keith? Hello? It's time to wake up! - Yes? - Good morning. This is your wake-up call. Wake-up call? What are you... What are you talking about? I'm not asleep. I-I'm in the middle of a solution here... How long have you been sitting there? Just a couple of minutes. Uh, don't, uh, take offense, but you look like hell. Do you want to just go home, shower up a little bit? Take a moment. I can keep things moving along here. There's, there's, there's no time. Plus, I'm fine. I just, I just need to find a clear channel. Excuse me? A clear channel. Look, the brain is an amazing piece of engineering. It's a freakin' phenomenal synthesis of chemistry and electronics, and sometimes the chemistry is a little bit off or the electronics aren't firing correctly, and I think that that's what's going on right now. Okay. 'Cause I can, I can see the solution to this thing. It's-it's-it's basically just constructing something, but with fewer molecules. And I know how to do that, but every time I try, it's... I just can't get a clear channel. It's-it's like I can't get the picture right inside of my brain. Okay, well, there's a, uh, whole bunch of people waiting outside your door who'd love to help you with that. You mean "the clods"? They're not clods. They want to help. They're operating on little or no sleep, too. They know you're smarter than they are. We all know you're smarter than we are. We just want you to tell us what you need. I need them to stop trying to do as little as possible for as much reward as possible. I need everyone to open their minds to unexplored possibilities. Okay, well, why don't we get them in here and get them going on that? Come on in. Okay... Good morning, clods. I'm still drowning. Anyone have a life preserver? What a shock. Well, it's not a life preserver, but I was working on something last night and, um, I looked at it again this morning, and I think it... I think it's pretty good. I know the solvent issue has been hanging us up. Um, I think the problem might be there are too many hexanes. Your channel isn't clear either, my friend. This will not work. You haven't even read it. I think it's pretty good. Well, your thinking is flawed. Okay? I've already tried it. It won't work. Moving on. Uh... How about you, guy? Uh, do you have anything new for me? Do you have anything old for me? Riddle me this: what exactly do you do here at this company besides consume time and space? Uh, with all due respect, I put in 17 hours yesterday and just got back from a four-hour break. Time... and space. Go home. Excuse me? Go home. It's people like you that make it hard for me to get a clear channel. You're using up all the air. What, are you firing me? Well, I don't really have a choice. Killing you is against the law. Whoa, Keith. Hey! Go home! Get! Be gone! - Go! - With pleasure. Now, I hope that you people were paying, uh, close attention to what just happened there, okay? There will be no free rides anymore. You will help me. Now, this guy-- this guy gets to go home and be fired! For the rest of you, go back to your offices and figure out a way to help me. Figure out a way to help me! So, Keith just fired him? It's like he snapped. Actually, you know, I think, I think maybe he snapped before any of us even got into work this morning. He was talking about keeping a "Clear channel." But then he chose Brian to go postal on. I mean, it's really kind of scary how unhinged he got. What is Brian going to do now? Well, he's got 16 months left on his contract. I think he's going to sit at home. Do nothing. Cash his checks. Well, of course, before yesterday all he did was sit at work and do nothing and cash his checks. Well, at least now he's got an easier commute. It's just nobody should be humiliated like that in front of their colleagues. The irony was, the whole day was a waste. Nobody did any work. Everybody's talking around on eggshells with a pit in their stomach. Still, you know, as nuts as Keith got, I still feel kind of sorry for him. I don't think he's ever stared down the mouth of failure before. Girls, your dessert's ready! - You want chocolate? - Nah. - Where's Ariel? - Ariel? You're not going to see that girl again. She's on her new cell phone, texting everyone she knows about the prom. Like what they're wearing and who they're going with. Yup... That girl's gone. Mommy, there's a light in the TV. Is that good? Yeah. Mom? Aren't you going to sit? Yeah, yeah, of course. Hey, um, guys, do me a favor. Scoot over. But, Mommy, you always sit in the middle. Yeah... change is good. You know? A little change is good. Well, that was pretty awesome. I mean, I never thought I'd get to save someone in lifeguard training. And, um, let me see... Oh, I rushed for 680 yards this past season on the JV squad, which is way better than that guy. And... I just put some pretty pimp rims on my '02 Mazda Prot? But can you dance? Um, excuse me? I want to know if you can dance. I mean, you're pretty and all and that's great, but this is the prom we're talking about. If you want to be my date, I need to know that you're not going to embarrass me on the dance floor. Okay. Yeah, uh, I think I can dance. Show me. Now? By myself? Look... Number Four, if you don't want to, I'm sure that one of your competitors would love to show me what he's got. No, no-no-no, it's cool. I'll dance. Is that what you had in mind, 'cause I also know a little ballroom. No, it's, uh, it's fine. You can get back in line. I'll let you know. Excuse me? Excuse me? These are closed auditions. You're really not supposed to be in here. So this is how you use your gift? I'm sorry. Do I know you? Look, I'm having a really cool dream. And I know that you popped into my head for a reason, but... whatever it is, do you think it could wait? I'm sorry. I don't think so. Ariel! Ariel, what's wrong? Shh... Honey, honey, honey, what's wrong? This girl... I never saw her before. She popped up in my dream... and she killed herself. She put a gun in her mouth and blew her brains out. Oh, honey. She seemed so angry at me. She asked me if this is how I used my gift. What did she say? - No! - Mommy! Girls, what's going on? What's wrong? I was having this great dream. It was snowing right here in Phoenix. And they called off the schools. And everybody was going down to the frozen lake to ice skate. And it was so much fun. But then, this older girl showed up. She looked at me and she said, "Is this how you use your gift?" And then she just started walking, walking right out into the middle of the ice. And everybody kept yelling at her, 'cause the ice was too thin. But she just kept walking until it cracked. Then she fell in. She just fell in. She was gone. This girl-- she didn't have black hair, did she? Yeah. Yeah, well, I, uh, I dreamt about her, too. Whoa, well, wait a second. Is that even possible? It has to be. I just dreamt about her, too. I don't know. I don't get it. Why are Ariel and Bridgette dreaming about this young girl killing herself? I mean, I dreamt about her last night, but it's not like I told them about it. Al, you're all... you're apples from the same tree. Maybe... Maybe they sensed what you'd seen. I don't know. I don't understand. Who is this girl? Why is she so angry with us? Al, for all we know, she's nobody. You've never seen her before. The girls have never seen her before. Maybe she's not even a real person. Okay, forget I said that. Listen, Al, I'm coming off an all-nighter. I beg you... can we throw a flag on the play and resume this conversation in the morning? Begging is good. This begging works. Jennifer? You still awake? Yeah, I guess so. You doing okay? I mean, uh, this being your first night and all, I... I figured you might be nervous. No, I'm okay. My wife was telling me that this is, what-- your third foster home? Well, I want you to know, I'm determined to make it your last. If anybody bothers you at your new school, you tell me. If my missus starts to lose her temper with you, now, you tell me. I mean, if you want anything... You need anything... You tell me. Does that sound good? Good. I'm glad. So, listen, if I'm gonna be looking out for you, making sure you're happy, I-I need you to look out for me... ...make sure I'm happy. You got that, right? Yes, I'm looking for information on a Jennifer. Sorry, I don't have a last name. She's around 16 to 18 years of age, but that's just a guess. What do you mean there's nothing you can tell me? I told you I'm with the district attorney's office. No, I don't have a subpoena. Well, fine, I'll get a subpoena. What is this? Who took this? Is, is this ours? Is this a crime scene photograph? Not the way that you mean it, no. This came to us through the offices of the Arizona Observer. Apparently, our killers took pictures and wanted to share them with the Observer's readers. This will be on the front page of the newspaper tonight and I'm sure it will make its way onto all the evening newscasts. And this message-- "More to come"-- it's written in blood, isn't it? It's their blood-- the Prescotts. According to the lab, each letter can be matched to a different member of the family. But that aside, the photo and the envelope it came in were as clean as the room where we found the family-- no prints, no fibers, no DNA. Meaning we're exactly where we were yesterday, only now we're poised to have a citywide panic and we know that whoever did this is planning on doing it again. Yeah. Keith, did you have the locks...? - Mr. Burroughs. - Joe. Forgive me, sir, I didn't realize you were in here. I didn't realize anyone was in here. No, i-it's all right. Are you having a problem with something? No, it's, it's... I-I don't know, it's... It'll wait till you two are finished. No, it's okay. If you have a problem, just spit it out. No, it's, it's not a big deal, really. It's just, uh, uh, I just got back from lunch and my office is locked. My key doesn't work. So, I just talked to Jason. He said that he saw a maintenance guy changing the locks, and when he asked him about it he said that, uh, you told him to do it? That's right. I did. I can't have you in there anymore. Excuse me? I can't have you sitting in there. You may just want to stay home. Really? Why is that? Oh, uh, I noticed when I came in very early this morning that, that the ideas were flowing very freely, very easily. And, uh, and then when you came in, there's something about you being in that office that... oh, everything just started getting backed up. But then when you went to lunch... The flow came back? It did, yeah. I see. So you think I'm-I'm... constipating your thinking? I don't think. I know. This is a problem that's easily solvable. We'll just find Mr. Dubois here an office that doesn't... interfere with your flow. At least until this project is done. Super. Super. Well, you look like you're making progress here, so maybe I'll just take Joe and we'll go on a little office hunt. Sounds good. - Sound good? - It sounds good. All right. Listen. Don't worry, I'll get maintenance back down here in a jiffy to fix that lock, okay? Well, wait a second. What the hell was that all about? Hey, the man thought you were screwing with his flow. What do you want me to do? I need him. I need that flow. It was surreal how Burroughs just sat there coddling Keith like he's some sort of spoiled child. Well, it sounds like Burroughs is determined to have Keith finish what he's doing, no matter what it takes. I know, but now I spend my day sneaking in and out of my office, living in fear that Keith is going to walk by and realize I'm still sitting in there interfering with his clear channel. Stopping up his flow. I'm a grown man. I feel ridiculous. If that's Keith, tell him I'm not leaving town. I don't care how constipated his brain gets. Hello. Oh, no. Yeah, of course. Text me the address. What's going on? Who was that? It was Devalos. They found another family. Same thing, they're all dead. Blood's gone, posed for pictures. He wants me to go take a look. You're looking at the Andersons. An hour and a half ago, the lady across the street saw a strange white van in the driveway. She called 911. Patrolman was here within ten minutes. He found the family in here. No mess in the kitchen this time. No blood again either. Hard to figure out how they get it out of the bodies without even a trace of it appearing anywhere in the house. But anyway, we're guessing the killer or killers just bolted as soon they heard the squad car roll up. Yeah, want to come over here? Stop him! He's getting away! Stop him! Turn him around. Let me see his face. They processed her. Brought her down for questioning. Do we know anything yet? Well, we know her name. Jennifer Whitten. We know that she's 17 years old. We know she turns 18 tomorrow. And we know she's homeless. Turns out she's a ward of the state. Or at least she's supposed to be. She and her parents were in a tragic car accident two years ago. She survived, they didn't. Since then, she's cycled through three foster homes before she ran away, took to the streets. Think I already knew that. Excuse me? I dreamt about her the other night. I couldn't figure out why. I still can't. Well, let's see what we can find out. So you can't tell me why you were in that house tonight? No, that's not what I said. I said I won't tell you why I was in that house tonight. Have you seen those people before? That's the Prescott family. They were killed two nights ago. Drained of their blood. Posed. Just like the family whose house we found you in tonight. This ringing any bells for you? I'm sorry. I don't know what to tell you. I've never seen these people before in my life. You're sure about that? You know what? I'm going to have you arrested. You're going to what? You heard me. I may be poor, I may be only 17, but I've seen enough television to be pretty aware of my rights. I want a public defender. And I'm not answering any more questions until you get me one. Thoughts? Young, female, destitute-- she doesn't exactly fit the profile of a serial killer, does she? No, she does not. And then there's all those pesky unanswered questions like where's the murder weapon? What did she do with all the blood? Where's the camera she used to take pictures of her victims once she posed them? She's lying, by the way. I saw that when she was talking to you. She was there, standing inside the first victims' house-- the Prescotts. She lied when she said she'd never seen them before. You sure about this? Well... then I guess I send Forensics back to the Prescotts with a fine-tooth comb. Hopefully they can find something, anything that connects Miss Whitten to that scene as well. Because even though we found her hiding in the Andersons' home, the truth is, while we have a hell of a case against her for breaking and entering, there's no evidence whatsoever that ties her to these murders. I don't know about you but I need some sleep. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Mr. Burroughs... I was just... I was just trying to get back to my office before Keith saw me. I wouldn't worry about it. Keith's not here today. You're kidding? Well, that's fantastic. Well, I'm glad somebody's happy about it. Jenn? You up? I... found this. Somebody took, like, two bites and chucked it. Nicky, what if I told you I know a place where we could get some real food? I don't know about this, Jenn. This is a nice place. Even the mailbox is nice. They gotta have an alarm, right? It doesn't matter. I'll just bust a window or something. It won't go off. What? I'm telling you it's not a problem, okay? So just keep watch and, stay here, okay? You dream things, don't you? That's how you knew how to get into those houses. You saw him do it. You saw him disable those alarm systems. That's how you knew it was safe. You were looking for food, weren't you? Tell me I'm wrong. I'm not telling you anything. My lawyer said I don't have to speak to anyone without him around, so that's what I'm gonna do: not speak. Okay. Then I'll do the talking. I know something about this. I dream things, too. Except in my dreams... they usually come to me from people who are already dead. They want to show me something. But your dreams seem to come from someone who's alive. It's as if you're seeing things through their eyes. What?! The fact that this person is on a deadly rampage slaughtering whole families, it doesn't matter to you? People die every day. What? The fact that they're families makes it worse? A family is just a thing that you're part of, and then you're not. What do you want from me? I want you to tell me what you see. I see a lady who won't take no for an answer. If you change your mind... I'm gonna give you my card and my home phone number. If you change your mind. I won't. Joe, you in there? It's Dan Burroughs. Yeah! Sorry. Hi, Mr. Burroughs. You haven't seen Keith, have you? Me? No, no. I've been trying to avoid him, actually. Something wrong? Well, he's sort of gone MIA, disappeared. We're guessing he's gone off his meds. His meds? Keith is on medication? He's supposed to be, but now he's gone out of touch, isn't here. Doesn't seem to be at home. He's supposed to co-lead a presentation for the Department of Defense on this biofuels project tomorrow. Yeah, What's your tomorrow look like? Do you have a suit? Mr. Burroughs, I consider myself a pretty smart man, but I'm not a mind-reader. Keith kept most of his work on this project pretty close to the vest. I wish I could help you out. I'll send you home with everything you need: all the studies, all the trials. Anything you don't understand, my lab guys will explain to you in the morning. tomorrow afternoon, I'm wagering you'll be the second-smartest guy in the country on the subject of ultralight biofuels. Or at least you'll seem like the second-smartest guy. I appreciate this. They just released her. I'm sorry? Jennifer Whitten. They just released her. I thought you'd like to know. But I-I just saw her this morning. I thought we were holding her in protective custody. She's a minor. She doesn't have any parents. They can't just... She turned 18 today. That, coupled with the fact that we can't find even a trace of Miss Whitten's DNA at the original crime scene means we just can't hold her any longer. They've got her on breaking and entering, but the court isn't gonna hear that until three months from now, so her public defender filed a motion on her behalf and... Look, I know you think she knows more than she's admitting, but there's nothing I can do. She's back on the street. I'm sorry. No. Hello? Jennifer, is that you? Are you all right? What's going on? Are you in a public place? I know where that is. Stay where there are people. I'll come and get you. Coming to get who? Who are you coming to get? Or leaving to get?