is a function of the fact they haven't had a product to respond to. Those days are ending. The technology for the delivery of hybrid cars to the marketplace is ripe. If the company wants to stay ahead of the curve, we should make an aggressive expansion into the market. Now. Mr. Dubois? Are you... all right? Oh, I-I'm fine. I'm just not sure why you boys asked me to cut short my Friday morning golf game for this. You know, I'm confused. You know, while you were talking, it sounded to me like I was in some socialist country in Europe and not here in the heart of the United States of America. So, let me tell you something. Americans love their cars. The bigger, the better. They're not worried about gas mileage. And they sure as hell don't want to buy something that runs on batteries. (chuckles) You know what runs on batteries? Toys. Sir, gas isn't going to be inexpensive forever. It's not happening, guys. I know you had your hopes pinned for a promotion on all this green stuff, but this is Michigan. It's not California. Now, you come back and you see me when you remember what company you're working for. Sorry to disturb you, Mr. Dubois. Some calls came in during your meeting. Uh, Mr. Stiles wants to know why your division hasn't reported on fourth quarter sales yet. Well, call him back and tell him we're still crunching the numbers. We'll get the figures soon. Your ex-wife called, too. Oh, great. Now, what does she want? She wanted me to remind you it's three days now since your son had his most recent child. You still haven't called to say "congratulations." Uh... All right, get Joe on the phone. Do you think this call would have more weight if it came directly from you? I brought the number. Uh, Joan? Is it a boy this time? A girl. Her name's Marie. Oh. (groaning): Joan! Joan...! Joan! (gasps) Mr. Dubois! Oh! Mr. Dubois! Help! Help! Someone call 911! (gasps) Yeah, it's coming up on seven years since the big one. Didn't know I was just about to call Joe when it finally happened, did you, Ally? No. What difference does it make? You know, Marie was your third grandchild. You had years to keep in touch. Now, what do you want? Well, you know, Joe's not much younger than I was when I had my first heart attack. And he's two years older than my father when he had the heart attack that killed him. So? So... maybe it wouldn't hurt him to get himself checked out. What are you saying? Is Joe okay? JOE (groggily): Joe's fine. He's just tired. Why don't you go back to sleep now? Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com What are you saying? Am I gonna have a heart attack? No, that's not what I said. And that's not what he said. He just-- Not in so many words, he suggested that, given your age, and your-your family history, it might be a good idea to get it checked out. No, no, no. Look, this is what he does. He just shows up here out of the blue and says a bunch of stuff to scare the crap out of us and then he disappears. I don't buy it for a minute. Well, I don't know. Honey, could it really hurt to just check it out? I mean, you are almost the exact same age your father was when he had his first heart attack. Yeah, but he smoked God knows how many cigars a day and drank himself to sleep every night with malt scotch. I don't do any of those things. Besides, I just had a physical. Doctor said I was in great shape, and that was, like, six weeks ago. I'm sorry. I'm not going to run around in a panic every time my dad shows up and whispers something in your ear in the wee hours of the night. (light switch clicks) Ow! What? You okay? That-That light. It's... so bright. What is going on? Did you change the bulbs in there or something? And you want me to see a doctor? Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. SCANLON: Name's Levar Cole. He's looking at a third strike for drug possession. The thing is, he says he knows something about a murder we're investigating, but he won't say anything else until we, uh, guarantee that he'll walk on the possession charge. A murder? Claims that Malcolm and Randy Littleton are the killers. The Littleton brothers? You think he's telling the truth? SCANLON: Hard to say. Could just be trying to dodge a mandatory prison sentence that comes with a third drug conviction. But, uh, hey, if he's willing to point a finger at the Littletons, I figure we should, uh, hear him out. I'm sorry. Who are the Littletons? DEVALOS: The city's most notorious stick-up boys. They kidnap drug dealers and then they torture them until they give up the location of the organization's drug and money stash. Once the Littletons find out where everything is, they pull a smash and grab, help themselves to the drugs and the money. Sounds like a pretty dangerous way to make a living. It is. The Littletons are good at it. Good enough they got a quarter of a million dollar bounty on each of their heads. Not from us. From organized crime. (rustling) You all right? Oh, yeah. I just... Maybe it's allergies. I just seem to be so sensitive to light lately. I'm looking for my sunglasses. They're not in here. Hey, you know what? Let me check the lost and found box. I saw these in here a couple days ago. You're welcome to use these. No, thanks. I'll just... Well, just keep them in case you change your mind because otherwise, they're just going to sit in the box. I spend most of my nights in Live Oak Park, up where the woods are real thick. That's where I was last night a few hours before that (shouts): cop picked me up! I was just sleeping. I got woke up by some noise. Two men talking loud. It was Malcolm and Randy Littleton. I could see they were-- they were digging a hole. And I saw there was something laying there next to them. A body. They were burying a body, not 15 yards from where I always sleep? Uh-uh. You get a look at the victim? No. But if you let me walk, I'll tell you exactly where that body is. Huh? In fact, if you need me to, I'll, uh, I'll testify against the Littletons in court. You're sure these are the two men you saw? I don't need pictures to be sure. Where I come from, everyone knows what Malcolm and Randy Littleton look like. All right, Mr. Cole. If the information you're providing us is accurate, I will give you a suspended sentence on the drug charge. But any clemency is dependent on the arrest and successful prosecution of the Littletons. Mm-hmm. I understand. And I promise the information's good. In fact, I'll tell you right where that grave is. You can go check it out yourself. (clears throat) So, is this man wasting our time? I mean, even if he does know where a body is, that doesn't necessarily mean that the Littletons put it there. Oh, I have no idea whether that man is telling the truth or not. I mean, I saw a lot of strange things in there. I'm not sure they're related to this case. (machine beeps) MARIE: I'm scared. Is this going to hurt? BRIDGETTE: No. I don't think so, anyway. (machine beeping) Hmm? According to this machine, you're dead. You're not dead, sweetie. Your arm's just too small for that thing. It's just meant for grownups. Come on, guys. Let's get out of here. I got your mom's refills done. Dad, you're a grownup. So? So, why don't you put your arm in there? Yeah, Dad. Come on. Let's do this. BRIDGETTE: So, are you going to do it? Sure. Why not? I bet Dad's rating doesn't come back "dead." Okay. (machine whirring) (beeping) Dad... this machine says that your blood pressure is at borderline risk. What does that mean? Risk for what? (phone ringing) (mutters) Anything for the inter-office mail, Ms. Dubois? You okay? Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine, Doug. (chuckles nervously) Um... Thanks. No, I-I'm fine for office mail today. (chuckles) DEVALOS: Allison. Your eyes still bothering you? The glasses are helping. I just got off the phone with Lee. Apparently, Levar Cole was telling us the truth, at least about one thing. They did find a body buried out in Live Oak Park, and it was right where he said it would be. I'm on my way over to the morgue. Can I hitch a ride? We ID'd the body. Low-level drug dealer named Juan Espinal. Best guess? The Littleton brothers got a hold of him. Tried to shake him down for inside scoop on the people he worked for. Maybe he didn't cooperate. Maybe the Littletons didn't like what he had to say. Either way, he ended up here. What's with the hairnet? That was there when we dug him up. I don't know. Fashion, I guess. Allison, what are you doing? ALLISON: Zero. He's dead. He's got zero days left to live. I beg your pardon? Oh, my God. That man we interviewed-- the one who said he would testify against the Littleton brothers. Levar Cole. What about him? His number was one. I don't follow. You have to make sure that man is safe. Levar Cole's in county, pending release. He's not going anywhere. I'm not worried about him getting away. I'm worried something is going to happen to him. Please, you have to make sure that he's safe. (cell phone dialing) Yeah, uh, this is Detective Scanlon. I'm calling in regards to a Levar Cole. I'm coming in to process his release later today. I just want to make sure everything's all set. What? What'd they say? Just happened 20 minutes ago. A fight broke out in the prison cafeteria. Levar Cole was stabbed with a shiv. He's dead. JOE: Al, are you in there? (gasps) Don't turn the light on. And close the door, please. Al, I think it's time we get you to a doctor. I mean, if this is bad enough that I have to come get you from work... Honey, I don't even know what I would say to the doctor at this point. And that's not even the worst of it. Just get me in the elevator. Get me outside into the darkness. And then I'll tell you everything. The days that a person has left to live? That's a pretty dramatic statement. Yeah, but I'm telling you, I think I'm right. I mean, at first when I put these sunglasses on, and I looked at people, I could see these five-digit numbers floating around on their foreheads. Devalos, Scanlon. Later when we were at the morgue, all the corpses-- they all had zeros. I know it sounds crazy, but I can't make sense of it, but there it is. You telling me that if you look at me through those glasses, you can tell me how long I have left to live? Don't ask me to do that. Well, aren't you the person who's saying my dead father's raising all these questions about my health? Yeah, but... But what? Yeah, but I don't want to know that. I mean... not like that. If you think about it for a second, you don't either. Do you know who we are? Do you know why you're here? Good. So you know how important it is for you to answer the questions that we're about to ask you. Juan Espinal. You deal smack for Hector Becerra. In fact, you're his top-earning corner boy, am I right? Yeah, that's right. So now that we all know each other, Juan, I want you to tell me and my brother here all about Hector's stash houses. The ones on the east side. Come on, man, you know I can't do that. Juan... Juan. I thought you said you knew who we were. Look, I-I know you guys is for real, but if I tell you about them stash houses, my own people  will kill me. Ain't nobody got to know it was you. Come on, look, my brother Randy, he don't talk much. And I ain't gonna tell nobody. Juan... Come on now. You know you gonna tell us everything we want to know, right? Right? Come here. (muffled sobbing) Okay, Juan, we're gonna see just how long you can hold out. (screaming) DEVALOS: Unfortunately, what you saw</i> in your dream actually makes a lot of sense. A couple of Hector Becerra's stash houses were robbed last week. Not to mention the coroner pointed out a fresh wound on Juan Espinal's right bicep. It certainly could have been inflicted by a sander. Well, I don't understand. I read the Littletons' file. I thought they operated by some kind of code where they'd kidnap someone, and if that person gave them good information, they'd let them go. If Juan Espinal talked-- if he told them the location of the stash houses-- why would they kill him? Maybe the Littletons are playing by a new set of rules. No witnesses. In any case, I'm going to go canvas the city for abandoned barbershops. If that's where the brothers tortured and killed Juan Espinal, maybe I can find some evidence to tie them to the crime. Keep us posted. You know, yesterday, you wouldn't even put those things on. Now it's like they're glued to you. Yeah. Yeah, it looks that way. WOMAN (over P.A.): Paging Dr. Bender, please. Well, it's a little elevated, but blood pressure varies day to day. I don't think it's anything to be alarmed about. I'm okay? Hey, based on my family history, is there anything that I should be doing to avoid heart trouble? It's a lot about life choices, Joe. I mean, the good news is you don't smoke, you're at your ideal weight, married, employed. d say you're doing great. Do you have any undue stress in your life? You mentioned your wife had been ill. Yeah, but she's doing great now. Um, I mean, I just started a new job. I guess that probably added some stress. Well, I mean, there is another thing that can make a major difference in stress and blood pressure levels. Particularly for people with stressful jobs. You ever tried meditation? What do you mean, like chanting? No, not necessarily, anyway. You set aside some chunks of time during the day. Focus on your breathing, clear your mind. Just try to stay totally present in the moment. (chuckles) I know what you're thinking. I was right there with you. Believe me, I'm no hippie, but I gave it a shot. It really helps. (phone ringing) Hello. Allison, it's Manuel. I'm going to give you an address. I need you to come right over here. Mr. District Attorney, what's going on? Lee found that barbershop you saw in your dream. He crossed paths with one of the Littleton brothers. Lee shot him. (siren wailing) Allison, thanks for coming. I came as quick as I could. Have you seen Lee yet? No, where is he? He's out back, I think, filing a statement with Internal Affairs. I don't understand. What was Littleton doing here? Why were shots even fired? Apparently, Lee pulled up to take a look around just as Littleton here was in the process of leaving. Lee got out of his car, identified himself and Randy went for his gun. We've already found weapons, drugs. Apparently they were using this place as a kind of base of operations. Is Lee all right? Not a mark on him. Any signs of the other Littleton brother? No. But with Randy dead, I have a feeling that Malcolm might try to retaliate soon. What do you mean retaliate? SCANLON: I hope you two didn't come all the way down here on my account. I'm touched. Oh, my God. Lee... It's okay, Allison, I'm fine. Really, there's not a scratch on me. Gee, two days to live, huh? I don't know what to tell you, Allison. If you could see your way clear to give me a week, maybe I'd cash in my 401K, take a trip to Maui, but... Lee... ...given the scheduling crunch... Lee, I need you to listen to me. I'm serious. I mean, think about it. Randy Littleton is dead, and his brother is still out there. He's going to want to get the man who did this. He's going to want to get revenge. Don't do that. Don't just shrug. Think about Lynn. Think about the baby. All right, I'm thinking about them. Now what is it you want me to do? I'm a cop. Every day I go out there, I try to put away a bad guy. Knowing that I could be ticking off another bad guy in the process. That's just part of the job. And besides, all you're seeing is a number. It's not like it's telling you something specific that I can prepare for or guard against. And for all you know, it could be that I slip in the shower tomorrow and crack my skull open. I don't think so. Look, the bottom line is, if I want to avoid being murdered by Malcolm Littleton, than my best option is to work the case and try to make sure that we find him and put him away as soon as possible. Besides, it's not like I'm flying blind. I found this on Randy Littleton. Now this guy and his brother they tracked every drug dealer in Phoenix at one time or another. And it's all written down right here. This book's going to be worth a lot to someone. And I can use this to find Malcolm. Or I could just stay home from work. Not take a shower, not get out of bed. Help me out with this one, Allison. Eenie-meenie-minie-mo? (sighs) (door opening) Is this gonna bother you? I can read outside if you'd like. No, it's fine. I'm just gonna shut my eyes anyway. Ugh, who am I kidding? Okay, I'll go read in the living room. Wait, no, honey, it's not the light. It's Lee. He's running out of time and I don't know what to do about it. Well, I don't know that there's anything to do. And I also don't know that you're absolutely running out of time. I don't know how you can be saying that. Well, think about it. Okay, so, yesterday you look through your glasses and he had however many thousands of days left. Today your glasses tell you it's only two. So, clearly, things can change. Tomorrow's a new day-- who knows what your glasses are gonna tell you? And if the police catch this Littleton guy, then it kind of stands to reason that Scanlon's number's gonna shoot right back up to where it was before. Well, what if they don't catch him? Well, then, then we just gotta deal with that. The point is you can't actually know what these numbers are gonna be tomorrow until tomorrow actually gets here. That's very Zen of you. And I'm only on chapter one. How do you feel? The whole thing makes me nervous. I gotta sit there and do nothing? Call me crazy; I don't find that relaxing. Well, honey, it's like anything. You just gotta do it a few times before you get the hang of it. Yeah, the book says I gotta do it three times a day. That means I gotta go meditate in the middle of work. I'm just not the kind of guy that's gonna turn to my colleagues and say, "Excuse me, but, uh, I'll be back in ten minutes. "I just gotta go seeking enlightenment now." Relax. You don't need enlightenment. You just need to lower your blood pressure. (car horn honking) MAN: Hey, yo, Juan! Hey. What's up? What's up, man? You good? Yeah. I've been looking for you, man. Hector sent me to come and get you. Oh, yeah, what's Hector want? Ah, he just wants to talk to you about the Littleton boys hitting up our stash houses. You kidding me? I don't know anything about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know Hector, man, he'd feel a lot better if he heard that right from you. Yeah. Why don't you get in the car, homie? We'll go see him. Man, I gotta be out on my corner, man, you know. Corner... Customers expect me, I mean, how else am I gonna sell? You know Hector would rather have me out there earning than wasting my time coming to see him. Oh, for sure, yeah. See, the problem is though, Hector knows that you are not always on that corner, right? 'Cause the other day, in fact, you weren't selling. I mean, nobody knew where you were. Cesar, I was sick, man, come on. Sick. Ain't you ever had to take a sick day? Sick? Look, man. You know who don't ever take sick days? The Littleton brothers don't ever take sick days because they're always working, man, always. Even when nobody could find you, the Littletons were working. I already told you, I don't know anything about the Littletons. Come on, man, you know something, right, hmm? You heard the stories. They kidnap you, they tie you up, ask you questions and when you can't answer... They break out that belt sander, just grind, man, tear that meat out. The way I hear, they start with your arm. Right about here. (groaning) Huh, is that it? Get him! ¶ ¶ (sighing) Looks like it's about that time. Some of us are grabbing pizza for lunch. You wanna come with? No, thanks, man. I'm... I'm brown-bagging it today. No worries, man. See you in a bit. Okay. All right, ouch. Okay, here goes nothing. (sighs) Om... Om... Om... Uh, you're sitting in my spot. Say again? You're sitting in my spot. Oh, I-I'm sorry. Were you... Were you meditating? It was hard to tell, but now I'm thinking maybe you were meditating. Oh, no, yeah. No, no, I, I just... I don't know, I guess I was just looking for, uh, you know, a quiet place to sit for a while. Well, you found the right place. I come out here almost every day right before lunch. Oh, yeah? You work here? Yeah. Uh, Joe Dubois. Dan Burroughs. Dan Burroughs, as in... Burroughs and Strauss? Yeah. You're my boss. And I was, uh... Yeah, I was sitting in your lunch spot. Um, I lied. My name is not Joe Dubois, and I do not work over there. Listen, it's all right, it's a public place. I'll go someplace else. No. No, no, you go ahead and do whatever you're doing, I guess. It's all right. (sighs) SCANLON: You've reached the cell phone</i> of Detective Lee Scanlon. If this is an emergency, dial 9-1-1. If not, leave a message after the beep. (beeping) Uh, hey, hey. Lee, it's Allison. I've been trying to get a hold of you all day. I guess we're just not destined to run into one another. So, here's the thing. I'm not sure that Juan Espinal was killed by the Littletons at all. Uh, it seems that the people that he worked for had it in for him, too. Oh, and, uh, I'm not sure that this matters or not, but you know those sunglasses I've been wearing? I think they actually belonged to Espinal. I have no idea why or how they made their way into the lost and found at the police station, but... I think they were actually his. Hey, when you get this can you give me a call? 'Cause I'm just worried about you. And I wanna make sure you're all right. DEVALOS: Allison. Forward your calls; I think you're gonna want to join me. Where are we going? The morgue. DEVALOS: Malcolm Littleton. He was found lying on the sidewalk at the corner of Blossom and Sycamore at 6:00 this morning. Nobody touched the body, even though it had been there for hours. And near as we can determine, there were no eyewitnesses. And you believe that? I'd be surprised if anyone came forward. Littleton robbed dozens of drug dealers. It's not a stretch to imagine that one of them finally caught up with him. Even if someone did see something, I doubt that anyone would testify against drug dealers in an open court for the likes of Malcolm Littleton. (door opening) I guess somebody caught up with Malcolm before I could. Just heard the news on the radio. Gotta be good news for my prognosis though, right? You want some sun tan lotion for your back? Oh, don't make fun. It's nice out here, and I don't have to wear my sunglasses. I can just... I can just be. Hmm, boy, I envy your sense of contentment. I, on the other hand, am filled with angst... knowing that I made a complete imbecile out of myself in front of the man who owns the company that I work for. By the way, I'm changing doctors. And I hate my father. And how are you? You know, you're really making a mountain out of a molehill here. How do you know Burroughs even cares if you meditate during your lunch hour? I don't know. Maybe he doesn't. I just worry that for the rest of time he's gonna think of me as that odd fellow who was dithering in his spot during lunch. Are you expecting an urgent call? The Scanlon hotline? I hate this. Stupid sunglasses. They don't tell you what's gonna happen, only when it's almost here. I don't get it. Both of the Littleton brothers are dead. Why does Lee still have a number one floating around his forehead? Well, you can only control what you can control. At least I convinced him not to come in to work tomorrow. He's gonna take the day off. I don't know, maybe that'll make a difference. Who knows? I guess we'll see. Well, speaking of tomorrow, what do you say we call it a day? (chuckling) (siren wailing) ¶ ¶ You Juan? What, you don't remember me? You arrested me twice for possession with intent. I arrest a lot of people, Juan. I got a message you wanted to talk to me. What's up? I'm in trouble. The people I work for, they, they think I gave them up to the Littletons. I can't go home; I can't go anywhere. So I'm coming to you, maybe we can work a deal. I'll give you information on my people. I'll even tell you what I know about the Littletons. As long as you can promise me protection. Sounds like we got a lot to talk about. Why don't you get in? Just give me a second, Juan. I gotta make a call to one of my colleagues. Yeah, Detective Carver here. I have Juan Espinal with me right now. Yeah, no, the message was right. He wants to talk. He'll give us Becerra, the Littletons, everybody. I'm bringing him in right now. We'll take your statement when we get to the precinct. So, did you? Did you give up information to the Littleton brothers? Hey... they came at me with a sander, man. I don't get paid enough to deal with that. Where we going, anyway? I just gotta make a quick stop, pick someone up. (muffled groaning) (muffled gasp) (phone rings) (knock at door) Just a minute! (hangs up) (sighs) Hey, Lee, uh, sorry to bother you at home. I know you-you got a kid now, but dispatch said you weren't coming in? that's okay. Uh, the baby's with her mom. Come on in. (ringing resumes) Listen, uh, I'll get right to it. (hangs up) I read the report about the Randy Littleton shooting, and it said you, uh, pulled a notebook off the body? Yeah, that's right. Well, I got to tell you, as the head of the anti-gang task force, uh... that thing is like the Rosetta Stone of gang activity here in Phoenix. d,"... that thing is like the RosettaIt's not there.activity (ringing resumes) You need to get that? (hangs up) I can ca her right back. Uh, yeah, I do have that, uh, that notebook here somewhere. I was gonna go through it one more time and, uh... make a list of initials, names, basically anyone I can question. Question about what? Malcolm Littleton's murder. Why, you gonna give the guy who pulled the trigger a commendation? (laughter) Well, it's a homicide, right? But if you think this thing'll give you a leg up, um... you can make a photocopy; I'll get it back from you later. (ringing resumes) Oh, man... Hold on a second, will you? Hey, Allison, I'm with someone. Can this wait? No, it can't Lee. I need to talk to you about a detective. A man named Carver. Do you know him? Of course. He's standing right here, as a matter of fact. Yeah, he stopped by, uh, after his shift. Why? Oh, my God, Lee. Say that again out loud. Say that loud enough so that he can hear you. Say that he's standing there with you. Please. I'm standing right here with Detective Aaron Carver. Why? What's going on? I can't explain it right now. He's involved in all this. I think he may be the man who's meant to kill you. Gee, that's not the kind of thing you tell a guy over the phone. Uh, hold on a second. Uh... so it turns out that I'm gonna have to take this. Uh, but the good news is, uh... I will be going in to work today. So listen, you have my word, I'll find that notebook and I'll make a copy for you as soon as I get into the precinct. Sound good? CARVER: Yeah. (door shuts) Is he gone? Yeah, he's gone. Good. (indistinct conversations) (conversation stops) What's going on? I don't know. What is going on? I don't know. What are you talking about? Daniel Burroughs is sitting in our office. He says he wants to talk to you. Oh, geez. Hello. I like an engineer who keeps a clean desk. Thank you. An engineer with a messy desk, it seems like a fundamental contradiction, like a priest who doesn't pray, dentists who don't brush. Now... let's talk about engineers who meditate. Uh, Mr. Burroughs, I just want you to know that I would never do that on company time. Everyone who does it, raise their hand. (mutters) I didn't pay much attention to my health when I was your age. Didn't pay much attention to my health until a few years ago. Heart attack. Doctor told me that I was stressed, wanted me to retire. I probably used that same "priests who don't pray, dentists who don't brush" on him, too, and when he saw that wasn't getting any traction... he mentioned meditation. So, you meditate? An hour a day. That's why I commissioned that garden you were sitting in yesterday. I almost quit before I ever started. My wife talked me into sticking with it, and now... I honestly think that it may have saved my life. I looked at your file. You've done some pretty impressive work in solar. It's a shame that it didn't work out in the long term. Thank you. I'm proud of what we were able to do. My wife and I are having a little dinner party this weekend, and I would love it if you and your wife would come. I'd love to pick your brain about that solar cell project. Maybe we can talk a bit about what you hope to accomplish here. ALLISON: Are you saying this all happened 'cause</i> the guy saw you meditating during your lunch hour? JOE: Yeah, I guess so. Weird, right? I mean, anyway, I just thought I'd give you a heads up in case you need to drop anything off at the dry cleaner's. Duly noted. I'll see you when you get home. (blows a kiss) (hangs up) You know, my son's not much interested in office politics. (scoffs) Thinks it's all about merit. That's always been his weakness. You knew that he was gonna meet the founder of the company if he started meditating, didn't you? And his heart? Boy's heart's just fine. So, you scared him-- us-- for no reason? No reason?! I was giving the kid a leg up on his career. I mean, the kid just doesn't get it. If you want to be the boss, you've got to do the same thing the bosses do. Why do you think I took up golf? My wife always said I was a big phony: "Why do you play a sport you don't even like?" But she didn't complain when the promotions started rolling in. Neither will you, Ally. Well... (phone rings) Hello? SCANLON: Hey, we just spent the better part of the day leaning on Detective Carver. Turns out a cell phone number registered to him was found in Randy Littleton's notebook. Now, Carver claims that's no surprise, 'cause he tries to get his number out to every gang member in the city. Apparently, that's how he recruits informants. I don't care what he says. I saw him sit there and watch while the Littleton brothers murdered Juan Espinal. I believe you, Allison, but right now, there's no physical evidence that connects him to any of this. That makes no sense. If there wasn't enough evidence in that notebook to get him arrested, then why did he want to kill you for it? First of all, we don't know that's what he was doing at my place. And second of all, uh... maybe Carver had no idea what the Littletons had written down in there. Maybe he just couldn't risk the possibility that there was something that implicated him. The upside is, Internal Affairs is gonna keep an eye on him. That's it? For the moment, yeah. Look, uh... I know you're upset. Hell, so am I. But, uh... I also wanted to say thanks. If it was Carver who was gonna kill me today, you pretty much saved my life. You're welcome. Hey, hey, do me a favor. Tomorrow when you wake up and everything's fine, just send me a text, okay? (chuckles) Done. (elevator bell dings) (cell phone rings) (soft chuckle) MAN: Can you hold that? Thanks. (bell dings) Detective Carver? I'm sorry, have we met? No, but I know who you are. And I know you're in grave danger. Danger? I don't think so. You should think again. The Littletons are gone now. Once word spreads that you partnered up with them-- the same stickup boys who terrorized every drug dealer in Phoenix-- I think some pretty dangerous people are gonna come looking for you. You know what I would do if I was you? I'd turn myself in, let the police protect me. It's just a suggestion. Lady, I don't have any idea what you're talking about. But do yourself a favor. Don't lose any sleep worrying about me. (chuckles)