I don't know. I mean, it's kind of thick. Thick is good, right? Thick is good. Thick is good. You want to take a look? What are you talking about? We can't take a look. It's addressed to Ariel. Why not? Come on, no one will know. You just steam open the envelope right here and then you reseal it. No. Joe, come on. Cornell's her dream school. Ariel should be the one to find out first if she got in. (door opening) (door closing) ARIEL: Mom? Dad? Anybody home? Home, yes, yes, we're home. Here we are. We're just waiting in the kitchen. Just growing older by the minute. Waiting for you... ALLISON: Oh, I didn't know you were with somebody. Um, Mom, Dad, this is my friend Kyle Covington. Ms. Dubois. Hi. Nice to meet you, Kyle. Mr. Dubois. It's nice to meet you, Kyle. You're just in time. Ariel's just about to open a letter that she got from the admissions office at Cornell University. Or you could just leave it there and watch while your father has a heart attack. Your call. Um... you know what, it kind of doesn't matter. What do you mean it doesn't matter? It's Cornell. It's your dream school. Um... It doesn't matter because I'm pregnant. (gasps) Bad dream. The worst ever. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com So this mystery kid Kyle-- did he seem nice? Was he nice? Yeah, you're saying that he's going to be the father of my grandchild, and that's like, you know, it's like Christmases and Thanksgivings and birthdays. And I just want to know if I was going to like the guy. I can't believe you're joking about all this. She's giving up her future-- everything she's worked for. And you're asking me if the kid she's giving it up for is nice? Do you really think that this is one of those dreams? I mean, even I've had dreams like that. Every parent with a daughter has dreams like that. What are you looking for anyway? The camcorder. I thought I had it in the case. I want to tape Bridgette at the clarinet recital she's got. I want to make sure it's charged. I think I saw the girls playing with it the other day. Have you taken a look in there? Aw... Aha, here it is. Why didn't I know that? Okay, now one bar. See? I'm glad I looked. What's this? (groans) Really! (yelling) JOE: Did you tape this? BRIDGETTE: Yeah. Why, Bridge? I don't know. He's funny. No, that is not right. Just because you think this man's funny, doesn't mean you can tape him without telling him. He's our neighbor and you violated his privacy. No, not really. He doesn't even know about it. No, just because he doesn't know about it doesn't mean it's not a violation. What are we going to do about this, huh? You're not going to make me apologize, are you? Because then he would know about it, and that would just make things worse, right? The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to delete this, and the second thing I'm going to do is I'm going to forbid you from using this camera again. Go to your room and finish getting ready for school. You too, Tonto. Girls, come on. Five minutes and we're out of here. Um... So, um, I was wondering-- would it be okay if I came home after dinner tonight? What's going on? Well, I have S.A.T. prep this afternoon, and then I was going to go over to my friend Casey's house. We have an A.P. chem test this Wednesday and we were going to study together. I guess so. But who's Casey? Do we know her? No, you don't know her. And don't get crazy, but... Casey's not a her. A boy? Well, when were you going to tell us this? I don't know, I'm telling you now. So, uh, is this a boy you study with, or...? I mean, we like each other. And then we hang out. We haven't gone on a date yet or anything. So, is it okay? Well, I guess I'm just a little confused. (nervous chuckle) Um, did, um, did Casey's mom invite you to dinner? I mean, I don't know, he mentioned it. So I-I don't know if his mother is, you know... I'll tell you what, why don't you guys go do the S.A.T. prep and then you and Casey come back here. You-you want me to bring him here? Yeah. Sure, why not? We got food, we got dinner. You guys can study in the living room. Sounds good to me. You think it over, okay, honey? And talk about it with Casey. But either way, I want you back here for dinner. Great. SCANLON: The guy's name is Earl Sanderson. 55. Window was jimmied. A couple things missing. It kind of looks like a robbery gone wrong, right? I don't know. Why are you looking at me? I'm not even sure why you want me here. The guy's facedown in the fridge. Facedown. What's he doing, offering the robber a beer? Or did the petty thief break in, realize that the guy was home and shoot in the back 'cause he relished the idea of turning his breaking and entering into a crime that would get him either life or the electric chair? I don't know-- my Spidey sense is telling me that all is not what it appears to be, and I was hoping that my friend that sometimes sees things that aren't there might help to shed some light. We got a partial sneaker print off the dirt outside the window, but other than that, I got nothing. (motor starting) MAN: No! No, please!</i> No, no, please! Please, please, please don't do this! Please don't do this to me! Someone help! Help! Help me! Help me! Help me! Someone, help! Please, please don't do this! Please, please... Why are you doing this to me?! Please, please don't do this! No, no, no! No! You know what, I don't think I'm going to be able to tell you who killed this man. But I might be able to tell you about somebody this man killed. (wheezing laugh) (laughing continues) I'm sorry, man, I'm sorry. You got to come over and see this thing my buddy forwarded me. This dude is freaking out. Come here. Come here. Look at this. (yelling) (laughing) Your friend found this on the Internet? Yeah. This guy's hilarious. ALLISON: Okay, who is this man?</i> Do we know his name? I don't know. He's just some guy. Some guy that lives around here. Some guy? Bridgette, he's a person. He has feelings. Now you've exposed him to public ridicule. JOE: Last time I looked thousands of people had clicked on the video, and there are 60 or 70 comments, so... After dinner, you and your dad are taking those videos down. And then you're banned from the computer. Until when?! Until I say you're not. ARIEL: Mom, Dad? Be nice to your sister's friend. In the kitchen. Um, Mom, Dad, this is my friend Casey. Casey, this is my family. There's another sister running around here somewhere. I'm Kyle, Kyle Covington. Everyone calls me Casey. Mrs. Dubois. I know that you dreamt that this kid got Ariel pregnant, and wrecked her future and everything, but... But? But I don't know, but he seemed kind of nice to me. He did. He was polite and respectful. And he seemed kind of smart. And he acted like he genuinely cared for Ariel. I mean, we can't lock her up until she's 25. So forgive me if I take some comfort in the fact that she's found someone who's nice. No, you're right, I take it back. Lucky us. Our daughter's going to be impregnated by a boy who's nice. All's right with the world. You don't know that. Yeah, I do. No, you don't know that. First of all, you've told me yourself, your intuition about these things is notoriously unreliable when it comes to loved ones. And second of all, if Ariel really-- if she was like-- irresponsible in that way, do you think that she'd allow herself to miss out on college? Come on, not Ariel. Not the Ariel I know. Not if she was pregnant with octuplets. So how about we forget about the kid that we don't know, and consider the kid that we do. 'Cause I got to tell you, that this dream you had, it strikes me less as a cautionary tale about premarital sex, and more like the anxious fears of a mother who's a little bit nervous about the first boy who's ever come home for dinner. (phone ringing) Hello. Sorry to call so late, but you know that composite you worked up this afternoon? I had someone compare it to our missing persons database. I think we may have found a match. Name's Angelo Filipelli. Small-time thief, bunch of petty crimes. But, uh, I got to tell you, if Earl Sanderson really did bury this guy in concrete, I highly doubt that's the reason he got shot last night. W-Why do you say that? Because Angelo Filipelli was reported missing in 1992, and no one's seen the guy since. (gasps) You're sure it was Casey? Yeah, I'm positive. He was carrying a gun and he was stalking that-that petty thief, that dead man that I saw yesterday-- Earl Sanderson. I don't know. That kid that we met yesterday, he doesn't seem like the kind to stalk anybody. Much less use a gun. Well, I'm telling you, it was him. You didn't happen to notice what kind of shoes he was wearing, did you? No. Why? Well, because the police found a sneaker print outside Sanderson's window. Well, don't worry about it. I'll ask Casey myself when we question him today. When you what? When we question him. A man was murdered, Joe, shot in cold blood. Yeah, I know that. But this kid that we're talking about, this is, this is our daughter's friend. And truthfully, the only reason that you think that he might be involved is 'cause you had a dream. Isn't that reason enough? Of course it's reason enough. I'm just asking you to consider the possible repercussions of what you're about to do here. Like what? You're going to question this boy, he's going to go to Ariel, and she's going to be really upset with you. So what would you have me do? I don't know, wait! Wait for what? More evidence. So at least you're sure. I am sure. Well, I'm not. Because this is our daughter's first boyfriend. And don't you think that maybe, just maybe, this is about that? You don't have to be Freud to suspect that there's something else going on here. That maybe you're finding reasons not to like this boy by inserting him into the case you're working on. You really think that? I don't know what I think. Just tread lightly, okay? Tread lightly. Well, I'm dropping off the girls and I'm meeting Lee at the high school. To the high school?! CASEY: I'm sorry.</i> I don't know what to tell you. I've never seen this man before. Did something happen to him? Someone, uh, shot him. He's dead. You sure you're okay talking to us? We'd be happy to wait for your parents or a lawyer. Yeah, there's no reason to wait. I don't know anything about any of this. And, I mean, I know Mrs. Dubois. I just really want to get back to class. Just give us a second, will you? Uh, okay, I get that you know this kid. I get that, uh, you had a dream, but, uh... But what? Question him. About what? He's a good, clean-cut kid from the suburbs. The dead man's a small-time, lowlife punk. Absent your dream, this makes no sense. Just... question him. (sighs) All right. So, Casey... I need you to tell me where you were two nights ago, say between 10:00 at night, 2:00 in the morning. At home. Doing homework and then sleeping. Look, am I in some kind of trouble? SCANLON: Can anybody confirm that? That, uh, you were home, I mean. I don't know. My dad's out of town on business, and my mom went out to dinner with friends that night. I went to sleep before she got home. I suppose if you ask her what time she got home and if she checked to see if I was asleep. But other than that... Uh, you mind if I ask what size shoe you wear? Ten. What does that matter? ALLISON: The police found a shoe print outside Earl Sanderson's-- the man who was shot. It was the same brand and the same size that you're wearing. Wait a second. Everyone has these. Look, Mrs. Dubois, you'd tell me if I was in some kind of trouble, right? You'd help me? (door opens) Mom. Casey, wait outside. Mom, this is... I know who they are. Just pick up your things and wait outside. ALLISON, Mrs. Covington, my name is Allison Dubois. My daughter and your son are friends. I know who you are. I know who both of you are. The principal called me. Why are you questioning my son? What's this about? We received a tip about a young man matching your son's description at the scene of a homicide two nights ago. This is a joke. My son? Mrs. Covington, no one's accusing your son of anything. We're just trying to ascertain if he knew this man. You come marching into a public school, question a 17-year-old without notifying his parents, without giving him the chance to consult an attorney? Honestly, we offered to let him call you. Excuse me, Detective Whoever You Are, this is still America, isn't it? This boy is an honor student. This boy is a national scholar. And you ambush him at school to talk to him about a homicide? Like some kind of thug? What is the name of your supervisor? You can just call the chief of police, ma'am. I think I will. And I think I'll call my attorney, too. And if you still have any questions for me or my son, you should just feel free to run them by him first. Oh, and I'd appreciate it if, in the future, you, your daughter, your entire family stay away from my son. Just stay away. (door slams) Well, that was productive. Lee, he's hiding something. Didn't you see the look on his face when you asked him about his shoes? Allison, it's not like it's a particularly expensive or unique shoe. And size ten is like saying I'm a righty. He was there, Lee, I saw him. Hey, wait, Lee, wait. She's still out there. Lee, look. SCANLON: What am I looking at? Hmm? No, nothing. I'm sorry. (doorbell rings) I'm coming, I'm coming! Mr. Dubois? My name is Lloyd Darby. You recognize me? I'm betting that you do. A lot of people recognize me these days. I take it you're aware that a young lady who lives in this house has been filming me, putting the videos on the Internet? Yeah, that's my daughter. Uh, I'm... I'm so sorry. I-I'm terribly sorry, Mr. Darby. Um, I can assure you, the video is down, it's gone. My wife and I just found out about this last night. And if there's anything that we can do, if there's any way that we can make this up to you... You know how many people have watched that video? My second cousin in Maine sent me the link. People point at me in the supermarket. They laugh at me when I'm in my car. Does your daughter have some reason to dislike me? No, no, no, no. Absolutely not. I mean, I know I'm not the most graceful man in the world. I know I'm carrying a few extra pounds. But I don't think I deserve to be reminded of that every time I leave my house. No, absolutely not. I need you to understand, if I ever find myself on the Internet again, if your daughter ever violates my privacy, I'll have no choice but to sue you. I've already been in touch with a lawyer. Please don't give me a reason to have to contact him again. It just keeps going right to voice mail. Hey, Ashton Kutcher, tomorrow's garbage day. Cans are already out front. (Bridgette sighs) All right, that's it. I'm calling the police. Ariel's still not home. It's after 8:30. No, no, no, no. Don't do that. She's fine, really. She's just mad, like you said she would be. It's my fault. I-I dealt with this whole thing so stupidly. I should have spoken with her, let her know what was going on. Be that as it may, she's still not home, it's a school night. I'm worried. Ariel is home. She's outside in a car with her boyfriend. (door opens) Ariel! (door slams) (knocking) ALLISON: Ariel. Go away. Ariel. I only came home because I knew that Daddy would be worried. Bridgette and Marie would be worried. Okay. The thing is, I... I wanted to tell you, I did something wrong. You sure did. No, I mean... honey, I should have spoken with you first, let you know what was going on-- that I had this dream, that I had to question your friend... No, see, you didn't have to do that. Okay, you could have come to me and asked me if he was capable of being involved with something like that, of knowing anyone like that. I saw him following that man that died. I saw him carrying a gun. You didn't see it. Okay, you dreamt it, and you're wrong. You don't know him, I do. Well, that's another thing. I don't want you seeing him anymore. What?! He had a gun, Ariel! In your dream! Okay, which isn't real! And you can't make me not see him. Don't test me. No, no, no! Where are you going with that?! You can have this back as soon as you agree to take my calls. (door closes) (car door opens and closes) WOMAN: Casey. (footsteps approaching) Why didn't you come home tonight? Your father and I have been worried sick. He went looking for you at school. Look at me. You promised me you wouldn't come here anymore. They knew I was lying. Ariel's mom, that detective. They could tell I knew the man in the picture. But you weren't... lying. You don't know that man; you only think you do.</i> Don't tell me what I know. That man, Earl Sanderson, he kidnapped me, he threw my in a hole, he covered me in concrete. Right here. Right here 17 years ago. Casey, listen to me. This thing you keep telling yourself, it's not real. You're not Angelo Filipelli. I know you don't believe me. But I died, Mom. I died here 17 years ago. I died the day I was born. (soft gasp) What is that? It's Angelo Filipelli. It's you. Those are X rays generated by ground radar. I convinced the police to use them outside the old Sheridan's Pharmacy in Glendale. I was certain we would find nothing. (chuckles) And then there it was. A skeleton. Someone is buried in there.</i> What difference does it make? Why do you care? (sighs): Well... I think that you did something really horrible, something you may have to pay for for the rest of your life, and I want to help you. You really think I killed that guy, don't you? I've always known... as long as I can remember, my name is not Kyle Covington. It's Angelo Filipelli. And I don't know why. Okay? It just is. I know all about his life. I can do the things he could do. When I was five, I could fix a car. Okay? I just could. Check it out. Angelo Filipelli was a mechanic. I know about how he died, too. He was killed... I was killed... by a tall guy with a limp and a ponytail. (sighs) This doesn't surprise me at all. (sighs) I go there all the time. I just stare at it. One time, I'm there, and... this man shows up. I knew who he was. He was still wearing that stupid ponytail. I followed him back to his apartment. You know, I kept wondering if there was something I was supposed to do. Kill him, maybe? But I'm no killer. Okay? And Angelo Filipelli, he's no killer. Look, I'm telling you the truth. Mrs. Dubois, you have to believe me. (knocking) Does she know about all this? (quietly): No. Look, if it's okay, we have a class together, and I just don't want her to get in any more trouble. No, it's okay. Tell her I said so. So, what'd she want? You know what she wanted. They think I killed that guy. (sighs) I hate this. Okay? I'm not a murderer. I didn't shoot anybody, okay? I couldn't have. I don't have a gun. I-I've never even seen a gun. I know. Look, maybe your parents were right. Maybe we should leave each other alone for a while. (exhales) Casey... Casey, I'm not my mother. Okay? I know you... and I know that you could never hurt anybody. Thanks for believing in me. We should get going. Class started a few minutes ago. You coming? (phone rings in distance) Joseph Dubois? Yeah, that's me. Can I help you? You've been served. (aerosol spritzing) (hornets buzzing, man yelling) No! No! (buzzing, yelling continue) Hey. (buzzing, yelling continue) (buzzing, yelling continue) (turns video off) You defied us? I wasn't going to, but then I had this dream, and... everything that happened in the video pretty much happened in the dream first. Except that in the dream, I saw myself taping everything, even though you told me not to. And in the dream, after the hornets chased the guy away, he came back and thanked me for putting it all on tape and for getting it on the Internet.</i> Wow, really? Now, you expect us to believe that? It's the truth! No, it's not the truth, Bridgette, because the man that you taped, Mr. Darby, is so upset with it that he's suing us for defamation of character. Is that bad? It could end up costing us a lot of time and a lot of money, darling. Well, the one bright spot in all this, if there is a bright spot, is that you only taped him in public places. So technically, his privacy wasn't violated, I think. So we may not be in any trouble? No, no, no, no, this is gonna cost us something before this is all over. None of it changes the fact that we told you not to do something, and you did it anyway. ARIEL: Mom? Ariel. I-I need to talk to you. (door opens) She doing better? (sighs): Not really. I... got her to stop crying for a little while, at least. Then she'd go over it again, and she'd get... sad that somebody she cared about lied to her. Maybe even killed a man. No. I'm still hoping not. I got an e-mail back from the lawyer. It's like I thought-- he says the guy really has no case. Well, that's good. Yeah, but it still doesn't get us out of having to go to court, and it still doesn't get us out of paying the lawyers and missing work. So he suggested that we should offer a settlement. We're gonna meet with Darby's lawyers tomorrow and see if we can work something out. How much "working out" are we talking here? He suggested we offer $5,000 and then go up to $7,500 if we have to. Doesn't this guy know we just bought a new car? (cell phone playing ringtones) Hey, Lee. What's going on? Based on your tip, we were able to get a warrant to search the Covington's residence. Found the .38 revolver right where you said it'd be. Ballistics says it's a match for the weapon that killed Earl Sanderson. (sighs): And, uh.. we've just filed charges. Thought you'd like to know. (quietly): Thanks, Lee. (beep) They just found the gun. Casey's gun. It was the one that was used to kill Sanderson. Should we tell Ariel? No. She's been through so much. We'll tell her in the morning. (long sigh) (sighs) You look good, Nance. Angelo. You look good, too. Sit down. The guy you're with must be taking good care of you. You have to stop calling me. (chuckles) Says who? Angelo, that girl you're trying to charm... she doesn't live here anymore. I haven't touched drugs for two years. This is the last time we're gonna see each other. Maybe, maybe not. That baby you're carrying around... we both know that it's not your husband's. You can't expect me to just disappear. That night was a mistake. One mistake. And I am not gonna make another one. I got a nice life for myself, I got a nice life for my baby. Nice things. Nice people. And I am not going to mess that up. Look, you're not going to come out of this empty-handed. I can pay you some money, but there is no way you are going to be a part of my son's life. It's a boy? Lunch is on me. Don't call again. What are you going to name him? Kyle. It's Michael's father's name. (sighs) He won't take the money. He won't go away. You need to take care of it, Earl. Tonight. You waiting to see your son? How dare you sit next to me, pretending to give a damn about me or my son. You're the reason he's in jail. Now, kindly leave me in peace. Okay, well... Casey won't be back there long. At this point, we're pretty certain that he didn't do it. Are you serious? We know who the guilty party is. We're just waiting to see if we can get her to confess. You know, it seems that 17 years ago, the killer hired a man named Earl Sanderson to murder a man named Angelo Filipelli. Angelo Filipelli was her child's father, but she didn't want her husband to find out. I have no idea who you're talking about. Oh, I think you do. (chuckles) I spent the whole morning going through bank records. Yours. Earl Sanderson's. Hey, you want to hear a funny coincidence? Starting in 1992, around the time Angelo Filipelli went missing, Earl Sanderson started living off of cash from a mysterious benefactor. The amounts of his deposits and the amounts of your withdrawals match up pretty nicely. Another funny thing? The size of Sanderson's deposits got bigger and bigger year after year. So did the size of your withdrawals. Till one day, Sanderson turns up dead and you stop making withdrawals. So, what? Was he asking for more money than you could hide from your husband? How does this work? They know I'm here. Are they going to call my name? Casey told the police that the gun used was a family weapon, although when we questioned your husband, he claimed he didn't know anything about it. It was your gun, wasn't it? (sighs) (chuckles) What? You find this amusing? I find it strange. You're making all kinds of accusations. We're in a police station, but no one is arresting me. (chuckles) You know what I find strange? You love your son. You were even willing to murder someone to make sure that he had a better life. Now you're willing to let him go to jail for a crime he didn't commit? Let me tell you something about my son. Casey is a very disturbed boy. Ever since he was a child, he's believed he's someone other than who he is. I can't tell you how many doctors he's seen. How much testing, consulting... Perhaps now, the court will see to it that he gets the treatment he needs. (chuckles) Wow. You are really putting a lot of faith in an insanity defense. You seem to be suggesting that I have some choice in this matter, that there are options here. There are no options here. Think about it. Aren't there? Oh, I think there are. Right now, your son is back there getting a simple DNA test, and I think we both know that that test is going to show that Casey is not your husband's son. I don't want to do this to Casey. I don't want to do this to your husband. But I will do it if I have to. And then what? What? Everything that you've worked for-- everything that you've killed for-- it all goes away. Along with your family. Along with anyone who loves you. Or... I will make sure that that DNA is disposed of, that it is never tested. At least, in this way, Casey will still have a father. Still have a family. He will still have a future. And... if I were to confess? Maybe offer, um... a different motive? Well, I will keep your secret. I promise. (elevator bell dings) Mr. Dubois? Yeah. Mr. Darby. Hi. (both chuckling) Uh, my attorney, actually, he isn't here yet, so... I just, I-- You know, I'd just like to say again how sorry I am about all this and how-how terrible my whole family feels. It's all right, Mr. Dubois. No. No. No, it's not. Yes. Yes it is. In fact, um, maybe you should call your attorney. I actually don't think we're going to be needing attorneys. Uh, excuse me? (laughing) It's the funniest thing. Uh, Anna and I worked together at a water park in Minnesota the summer after college. Lost touch. Years go by. I always thought about her. Turns out, she always thought about me. Then she saw your daughter's video. Oh. Okay. (both laughing) Great. Well, who'd have thunk it? (laughing): I know. Oh, my lawyer thinks I'm crazy. He told me I should have taken your money. Squeezed you for a little more, even. But I don't know, Mr. Dubois. I mean, we are neighbors, and... (elevator bell dings) today just doesn't feel like a day for attorneys. (chuckles, clears throat) (both laughing) (elevator bell dings) How is she? She's... amazing. She wants to see him again. I told her it was okay. But he lied to her. I know. She knows. He took his mother's gun. He followed that man. He stood outside his window in his canvas high tops, but at the end of the day, he couldn't do it. He didn't have it in him. (sighs heavily) She just keeps saying how confused he is, how sad. His mother's in prison. That he can't make sense of it all. How he knows the things he knows, how he knew where Angelo Filipelli was buried. But here's what I know. I know he's a good kid. And the rest of it, I can't explain. So you really can see me? They told me you could. The way I heard it, kids can only see people like me for a year, maybe a year and a half. We got a lot to pack into that time. But you have to be patient with me. 'Cause I'm new at this. Being a dad. Being dead. I'm gonna come see you every night, okay? Every night till you can't see me anymore. That's gonna be our special time. I'm gonna tell you all about my life. The good... and the bad. All of it. I'm gonna try and teach you stuff, too. But first things first. We got to talk about this name of yours. Your mom and that guy she's with... (sniffles) I know they named you something different. But when I'm around, I'm gonna call you the name I would have given you. It's my granddad's name. (sniffles) My dad's name. Your dad's name. I'm gonna call you Angelo. Angelo Filipelli. (gasps)