her daughter old clothes. I never wanted to wear them. It wasn't that I didn't like the clothes, it was the way they made me feel, whenever I put them on. Later, I found out that when Mrs. Walter's little girl would misbehave, she would lock her, in a dark closet. Then there was a time I was about to sit down and watch television. And suddenly got the distinct impression, that things between my babysitter and her latest boyfriend had... moved to the next level. My point being, that sometimes the energy from an event can hang around a particular object long the event is over. Almost... like an emprint. And people like me, people who are sensitive, it's almost as if we can read the energy, and know what happened. Like the time Boby Page taught me to shoot with his dad's rifle. Not knowing his dad has just used it to put down their old Retreiver Buck. Yeah, that was a particularly bad energy. And it isn't just energy of other people's things. Other people's behavior, that comes floating back to me at times. What?! What? What is it?! The trick, I learned, is to try to figure out why, the object is sharing that energy with you. What the message might be. And then, hopefully, behave accordingly. You okay? It's 03:15 in the morning. It's never God's plan for people to be up at 3:15 in the morning. I'm sorry. I want to clean up the blood and open the road before the morning rush. I knew you'd want to see it all before they carted it away. You sure she wasn't drunk? She was heading east around 11:20. Light trafic, looks like she was going between 20 and 30. One in the head, two in the chest. I don't think she even knew what hit her. Somebody shoot her from a passing car? I guess someone was up on that walkway, there. What do you mean? That's half a football field away. You're saying we have a... ...highway sniper and nobody saw him? So, how old are you Daddy? I'm old, kiddo. I'm really old. No your not. Mommy, I don't understand. Why can't Daddy open his birthday presents <i>now</i>? 'Cause that's not how we do it. We don't offer birthday presents in the morning. We do on Christmass. Yeah, this isn't Christmass, this is Daddy's birthday. Have you ever seen anyone put a birthday candle in a ball of breakfeast cereals? No. You want to know why? 'Cause we don't open birthday presents in the morning. Let me let you in a little secret, Bridge. I think it's really 'cause Mommy likes to procrastinate. Really? What's that? When someone puts on doing things that they really need to do. P recisely. I think the real reason I can't open my presents, Is because Mommy has not actually gone around and getting me one yet. Thank you. Thank you very much. - Good morning. - Hi, uh... Do you have the add that ran this morning's paper? Oh, sure. Anything I can help you with in there? I'm interested in this. It's a great machine, would you like to see one? - Sure. - Yep. It says to ask about pricing. 1099. 1100 dollars. And believe it or not, our competitors have 'em for 3049. Not which you had budgeted.. What were you looking to spend? Half of that, or less. This... is a 1200 $ camera too, but.... far superior to the one you wanted to buy. It comes specially equiped with a 12:1 zoom lens, that's like having a... video camera on the end of a telescope. It's excellent in low-light situations, this is the... Rolls-Royce of video cameras. I let you have it for 500 dollars. Okay, why would you do that? Everyone of these that I sell, comes right back to the store. It's an excellent piece of gear, it's just... too damn complicated for your average point-'n-shoot customer. And nobody wants to read the operating manual anymore, you know? We were just gonna sent it back to the manufacturer, and... frankly I would much rather sell it to you, hopefully make a new customer, and saves money on shipping. Let me run to the back, take a battery, a blank DVD and let you play. Hello... Wow, face the camera, sweetie. Yeah... thank you. So... Roll over. Come on, you want to. You want to do it.</i> You wanna roll over. - Thank you... - Hey you!</i> Camera guy, I'm talking to you. What's you do here camera guy? What do y-- W-what do you mean? What do I mean? What do you think I mean? I mean, I've been coming to this park for 3 days in a row,</i> and for 3 days in a row I've seen you trying to take pictures of me.</i> I don't like it. Okay, so what? Now you have nothing to say?</i> What's your name? I'm thinking your name must be Dick. Do you mind if I call you Dick? Dick. Big, brave guy, with a camera. Go ahead, Dick Tilt  down. I know you want to. Tilt... down, Dick Allright, that's enough. Now, You got what you needed? - I'm out of here. - Oh, Miss!</i> Wait Miss, don't go! Ready to play? How does it feel to you? It's small, light, it's terrific, right? Just wait till I put this battery in, power it up, so you'd see what it really can do. Ok but I think there might already be one in there. No, actually it's impossible, you can't put the DVD in until you put the battery in. And I just put the battery in, Go ahead. I'll take it. Cathy come on, I haven't got all day Get in there.</i> I'm using up the battery! I can't keep photographing an empty bed. Cathy. Get in there! No. Get in there, I'm using up the battery! Oh, you are so predictable at this video thing. And what does that mean? What do you think it means? It means... It's just good for you to be predictable.</i> You are completely predictable. Does that mean... that you don't love me anymore?</i> It means... that I'd better be the only one that you videotape.</i> From now and 'til the end of time. That's what I mean, camera guy. And what else? It means... Cathy loves Travis. -Louder. - Cathy loves Travis.</i> Tell it louder! Allison? You're busy? Just a birthday present for Joe. Just wrapping in. Well, we're all summoned to the conference room, I know not why. Maggie played cards at the club. Every Wednesday night, 8:45. Game ended at 11, It had to. That's when they closed the room. She was always home by 11:25 On 30, I call her cell phone. It goes straight to voice mail, I thought - "okay, she forgot to put the damn thing on." By quarter to 12, I start to get anxious. So I call the other girls-- Camille, Lorraine, Rhonda. They're all home. I don't know what else to do, so I keep calling the cell phone. And then I call the police. No help. No offense. So... tried her cell again. And this time, I got an EMS guy who answered. I met Mr. Caffey when he came in this morning to identify his wife. I assured him that we're doing everything we can to find this animal. We all drive the same streets. Our loved ones all drive the same streets. Oh, how do I smell? Like the cool mist of the ocean. Hmm, just like the box says. Thank you, honey. - Happy birthday, Daddy. - Thank you, sweetie. Open mine! Open mine! Wow, is this for me? - Is it a car? - No, and you did that joke last year. He does that joke every year. That's how we know he's a year older. It's beautiful. - I made it. - You're kidding. Do you know what it is? Yes I do, but I'm not going to tell you. She thinks it's an ashtray. That is so otherworldly. This is so what I was hoping for. You don't even smoke. And I never will, but I can still appreciate a beautifully made ashtray. Thank you, honey. I am going to put this on my desk at work, right next to the one you gave me last year. Here's a little something from me and Marie. Also not a car. You shouldn't have. Oh, my. Oh, come on. Oh, wow, look at this. Awesome! Now this is even better than the one that I showed you in the paper. Wow, this one has all the bells and whistles. Don't look at me. Marie picked it out. Whoa. I can't even imagine how much this cost. So which of the girls isn't going to college? Where is...? Well, that's it. There's no bonus gift. I'm not looking for a bonus gift. You outdid yourself. And you, too! Oh, how did you know? No, I just thought that maybe they included a blank DVD for you to record on. you're kidding? There's nothing to record on in there? - I didn't even think to ask. - That doesn't matter. I can wait to record something till tomorrow. This is clearly an amazing camera. I got me some amazing cologne and an amazing ashtray. And an amazing little raspberry right here. Sorry about the DVDs. I'll grab some tomorrow. It was a great birthday. Really? I'm glad. I'm so glad you thought so. I was worried you would think I didn't put enough thought into it. I always think, "This year I'll be different. "This year I'll whisk him off his feet, "take him to the pyramids, "buy him box seats "for some great sports team or something. Make him a gourmet meal." And then I run around the day of getting your present, making you a cake from a mix... worrying that you'll think I don't care. I was driving home tonight, the sun had already set, and every building that I passed, every bridge every water tower, I was thinking, "Is he there?" And  you could just feel that every person and every car around me, they were thinking the same thing: "Is he out there? Is he thinking about shooting at my car?" At me. Doesn't he know it's my birthday? Doesn't he know I have to get home so Bridgette can give me her ashtray? Come on, baby, get up there.</i> No, Travis, I don't want to.</i> Come on. It's just you and me here. I want to see you on camera.</i> It's  too embarrassing. I don't want anyone to see this online.</i> Kathy, don't you trust me, baby?</i> If you really love me, you'll do this for me.</i> Travis, I don't want to do this, okay? Can you just get in there so I have something to focus on?</i> I've never used this tripod thing before.</i> Travis, did you hear me? I don't want to do this,</i> okay? I mean, I'll do this, I'll do anything, but I don't want you to tape it, 'right?</i> I'm not asking you to do anything that I'm not gonna do.</i> No, you shouldn't tape it, okay? Not tonight.</i> Why? It's gonna be fun.</i> Listen, nobody's gonna see it. I mean, you're beautiful, but... you're not famous. I mean, no offense,</i> but you ain't exactly Paris Hilton, I'm not Colin Farrell.</i> Now give me something to focus on. What the hell is that? I told you I didn't want to tape it. What are you showing me? He knows something's up. Last night, he came home, said he couldn't</i> reach me for hours. He beat the living crap out of me. No, don't. I told him I got a call, you know, to do temp work at the V.A. Hospital, but he didn't believe me.</i> He said he could... smell you on me. Not you, but someone. Said the next time he'd kill me. Do it with drugs. No one would ever know.</i> Sometimes I lie in bed at night, I lie next to him and I think about... what my life would be like if he were gone... if he were dead. Is it something you want? I can't let him hurt you anymore, Kathy.</i> Shouldn't you maybe shut off the tape? Kathy and Travis. Any particular Kathy and Travis? I just know, at least I strongly suspect they're going to attempt to kill her husband. He's a doctor, there must be some way to research doctors with wives named "Kathy." - I'm pretty sure they're from this area. - Why's that? I bought my husband a video camera for his birthday from Archibald's. Before there were batteries in it, before there was anything to record on, I started to see videos of this couple on the viewfinder screen. Kathy and Travis? I think perhaps they owned the camera before I did. I think the camera remembers what it saw and it's showing it to me so we could stop this thing from happening. It's showing you all this, but it's not giving you last names. It's showing you all this, but it's not telling you where or when this killing might take place. Allison, maybe you haven't noticed, but the city's come to a standstill. We're in the middle of a bona fide crisis. Give me a name, first and last. Better yet, buy a camera that has videos of this madman who's using our streets for target practice. That would be truly helpful. He loved it, right? Someone owned this camera before I did, didn't they? You told me people were bringing them back to the store, but you never explained that someone actually used this specific camera you sold me before I bought it. - Well, I don't know that to be true. - Well, I do. I need the name of the previous owner. Ma'am, I can assure you if by some chance someone purchased the camera before you and returned it to the store, it passed the most rigorous of inspections before being returned to inventory. It's completely covered by manufacturer's warranty. I don't care about the manufacturer's warranty. I just need the name of the person who owned it before me. Furthermore, as I offered at time of purchase, I'd be happy to take the machine back, swap it out for an easier-to-use model. His first name was Travis. He had brown hair. Ma'am, I'm not saying that someone else did buy your camera before you, but-- if they did, I still couldn'ttell you their name. I'm with the District Attorney's office. That's all well and good, but... You're gonna need to speak to a manager. I mean, do you have a warrant or something? Did he not bring it back? Did a girl bring it back? Kathy-- brown hair, pretty? I don't get it. Are you not happy with the camera? I need some recordable DVDs. Basically what the Mayor, and the City Attorney want you to weigh in on Is if we assign a disproportionate share of police to monitor the neighborhoods where the wealthy people live-- what's our exposure if our sniper friend shoots someone in a poor neighborhood and their family decides to sue the city. Want to hear a scary thought? Which is also a great thought? - What if he never shoots again? - What's scary about that? Between you and me? If he doesn't make another try I don't think there's a lot of hope we're ever going to catch him. The evidence he left behind the other night isn't leading us anywhere. On the other hand, I suppose I'd rather have one unsolved murder than two or three or four or five. Hell, I'd rather have one unsolved murder then two or three solved ones. I just invited Sean Caffey back down here for a little conversation. Thought you might want to listen in from the other side of the glass... You're having a conversation with him in the interrogation room? That's a hell of a way to treat a widower two days after his wife is shot to death. Maybe. Apparently there was trouble in the marriage, but there was also a solid prenup in place. In the event of divorce, Sean would get nothing. How much is she worth to him dead? Between the inheritance and insurance pay outs, about 30 millions. So he bought himself a long-range rifle, got up on that pedestrian bridge and, boy, talk about a lucky shot. He's rich. They hire people to do their dirty work. Sounds improbable, but... not impossible. And as it happens we're suffering from... an acute shortage of leads in this particular case, so yeah, sure. I'll come with you. - I'll pass. - It's okay. You weren't invited. Just an errand. Now that you're back, want to be my date for an interrogation? I suppose. Where did you get these? Your wife hired a private detective. Were you aware that she was contemplating divorce? These photos are over a year old. Maggie and I were working things out. I don't understand. How is this relevant to anything? Shouldn't you be out there looking for a man with a gun?</i> I don't know, we're not sure who we should be looking for.</i> That's why we're having this conversation. - Should I be calling my lawyer? - You have a lawyer? Of your own? Because your late wife's family made it very clear to me</i> the family attorney had no interest in helping you with this particular matter.</i> What do you make of him? I feel really stupid, really useless. It's as if I'm not even tuned in to the same channel. Everything I see in my head has to do with those two kids I told you about this morning. And their plan to kill her husband. So talk to me about being a player. How does that work? I mean, you marry a really wealthy woman, she makes you sign a prenup, and then what is it? You just can't be faithful? Because from a monetary standpoint, it makes no sense. You're really playing with fire. Unless of course, you can make absolutely certain that she won't divorce you, can't divorce you, isn't alive to divorce you. I loved my wife. Where were you between 11 and 11:45 on the night your wife was slain? I've made no secret of where I was. I was at home, trying to contact her.</i> Then why didn't you use the home phone?</i> Why'd you keep calling her from your cell phone? Because I was lazy. Because I had her mobile number programmed into my cell. Because if I use the regular phones at home I had to dial it, but if I used my cell phone I just had to press one button. Do you think I don't know how bad this sounds? The answer to all your questions is "yes." Yes, I do think you know how bad this sounds, yes you do need a lawyer And yes, I know you didn't ask, but I do believe you're going to be spending the night with us, Mr. Caffey.</i> I wonder who lives in here. Daddy. I'm making a documentary on the nocturnal habits of eighth graders. Explain to our viewers at home what it is you're doing right now. I'm doing geometry. And it's stupid. This is fascinating. I know I'm riveted. My name is Bridgette Dubois and I shall now dance with a spoon on my... on my nose. Goaway! - Honey... - Goaway! Honey, smile. This is Daddy's birthday present - and I need you to smile... - Goaway! I think she wants you to go away. I bet you can't guess who the only two people in this family are who haven't been captured on DVD yet? Let me think about it. Time's up. What was that question again? Um, I... Are you forgetting that yesterday was my birthday? Exactly. So ask me again in 365 days. Hmm. Sorry, fella. I guess your work here for tonight is through. I'm going to go lock the door. And then I'm going to go brush my teeth. No. Don't waste your time. I told you nothing's going to happen. Hardy-har, har, har. So what am I looking for? A Mercedes. It'll be coming towards you.</i> It's 11 after 11, so it should be any minute now.</i> He plays cards every Wednesday at his club.</i> They close the place at 11:00. There's one. I'm pretty sure there's one. Yeah. That's it. - I can tell from here. - You sure?</i> I'm absolutely sure. That's him. Bang. Too bad this camera doesn't have bullets.</i> - That was a joke. - I know.</i> - Next week. -I know.</i> So.... you're telling me you believe these two lovers - you've been talking about- - Kathy and Travis. ...were trying to kill Kathy's husband, but shot Sean Caffey's wife by mistake? Well, it would certainly simplify things if it were true. What do you mean? I mean, what a relief if we're no longer dealing with a homicidal maniac who's bent on shooting people at random, but rather a single act of passion. Of course, you don't know Kathy and Travis' last name. So it's not like we can track these people down, check this story out. Well, that's the thing-- when I saw them rehearsing to kill this man, the wife, Kathy, kept talking about this card game. How it had to end at 11:00. Sounded like the same card game at the same club that Sean Caffey was talking about. - What's your point? - Am I being naive, or... isn't it as simple as going to this club and asking them if they have a member named Kathy who's married to a doctor? Anything to help solve Mrs. Caffey's murder. Everyone around here's devastated, as you can imagine. We're actually interested in talking to some people we think may have important information about the killing. People we believe to be members of the club here. They're a couple. The husband's a doctor. Drives a car very similar to the one Mrs. Caffey drove-- expensive black sedan. A lot of the gentlemen here drive expensive black sedans. And any number of our members are physicians. Can you tell me anything else about him? He plays cards here on wednesdays at the club. His wife is named Kathy. She has brown hair, maybe 25. Mrs. Dubois, I have been at this club for almost  25 years. I know every member personally. And the only female member named Kathy is a 63-year-old divorcee. Okay, so much for Kathy. Would it be possible to get our hands on a list of the gentlemen who played cards here last wednesday? Maybe the Wednesday before that as well? I'm sorry, but there is no list. Wednesday is ladies only. Has been for as long as I've been here. If there's nothing else for the moment, we have a lunch on, I really need to look in on. Of course. We appreciate your help. If you need me, I'll be in the clubhouse. What brand was that camera? I wanna make sure I don't get one of those. I'm sorry. We should head back to the ranch. That's Kathy. What'd you say? Excuse me, Miss. Waitress... Sorry, were you calling me? What can I get for you? Something to eat, something to drink? Diana. Do I know you? - Are you okay? - Yeah, I'm okay. It's just from over there you look so familiar. Been here almost a year and a half, so... Are you a member or a guest, or...? A guest, a visitor. Oh. It's weird. Has that ever happened to you? No, I'm certain we've met. But your name wasn't Diana. I think you were with your husband. Okay, if you say so. Only thing is, I'm single. So... Are you sure I can't get you anything? No, I'm fine, thanks. Okay, well, call if you need me. Okay. Who's that? What'd you have to say? Her? Nothing, nobody. Sorry I'm late. Saved you some Chinese. Wow, Wow, someone had a bad day. I wasted half a day at the golf course for no reason at all. Questioned someone I had no business questioning. By the time I got back to the office, there were all these meetings about a sniper who seems to have gone on vacation I want to take that thing back. What thing? What are you talking about? Girls. Are you through with that? What's going on? The camera, I want to take it back. I'll get you a different one, but I want to take this one back. Why? I like it. Yeah, well, for what it's worth, I like it, too. Is something the matter with it, Mommy? Yeah, I think so. The guy who sold it to me gave me a huge discount on it. Every night since I gave it to you I watch you turn it off. Then I come out here in the middle of the night, it's turned itself back on. I'm worried it's going to catch fire or something. What?! I'll get another one a different one... I promise. Tomorrow. I promise. I don't want to hear a peep. You're going back. - You okay? - Do you hear that? No, I don't hear anything. Go back to sleep. Doesn't anyone hear that but me? It's open. Can you turn that thing off, honey?</i> I'd really rather not. The first time I saw you it was through this thing.</i> I have a fond memory of that.</i> And I have a... hunch we're gonna be needing some memories.</i> So I'll just keep pointing this memory-maker at you if you don't mind.</i> What are you talking about? We're together forever, baby. You think so? WeWe shot the wrong car. We shot the wrong person. You saw the news? How could I miss the news? It's everywhere.</i> We shot a woman, Kathy! Some woman driving home! Okay. So next time we'll kill the right person.</i> What? Next time? Kathy, I don't know if I have a </i>next time<i> in me.</i> I mean, if we're lucky to get away with this,</i> I don't know if I want to tempt fate with a "next time."</i> Well, what's the alternative? I don't know. I don't know what to do. We can't run away together-- you're still married.</i> You're not gonna get the money. You tell me. What do you think we should do?</i> Well, I don't think you should sit there crying like a baby.</i> Listen to yourself. You sound like you want to commit suicide or something.</i> Suicide? Seems to be working fine. No... I'm sure it is. It's just, um...</i> my boyfriend gave it to me and... I'm just</i> not a memory person</i I'm really about the here and the now.</i> So, here's the receipt. Any chance I can get cash? Hello. Sorry to wake you at this hour but I thought you'd want to know you were partially right. Right about what? Guy's name was Travis. What are you talking about? Whose name was Travis? Travis McQueen, 24 years old. He's an Army sharpshooter. Mustered out of the service 5 months ago. Couple of uniforms responded to an odd smell coming from an apartment downtown. Found a high-powered rifle with a night scope. not to mention a dead body. Young guy. I'm guessing he's been sitting here almost three days.</i> Looks like a suicide. Of course it does. Sorry. I'm not sure if this is where I'm supposed to be. Diana. Diana Marvin. I have a strong feeling this is exactly where you're supposed to be. Hi. Diana. Of course I know who he is. He's been a member of the club I work at since I've been there. Not to mention he's been all over the papers and the news. I know you arrested him, which is absurd. I feel so terrible for him. You know, what happened to his life. It's just... I know there's a news blackout, but... are you folks any closer to catching the person who's actually responsible? We certainly think so. That's good. If you don't mind my asking, just how well did you know him? We're getting awfully personal here. I'm happy to help with your investigation, You know, if Sean needs a character witness, I'm only too happy to help, but... Sean indicated that the two of you were deeply involved for some months. Is... is that against the law? Is that why I'm here? Do you mind if I ask... Who ended the affair? No one ended anything. Sean Caffey is a married man. The reality of the situation became obvious to both of us. So you knew he wasn't about to divorce his wife for you. He didn't offer. I certainly never asked. Do you mind if I ask where you're going with this? Are you aware That Mr. Caffey was bound to a prenuptial agreement that for all intents and purposes would leave him penniless if his marriage ended in divorce? I don't understand what you're saying. Penniless as a divorcée but extraordinarily wealthy as a widower. Well, it's... flattering to assume your lover might do anything to be with you. That you could stir that kind of... passion, in another person. Sean is many things, but he is not a murderer. Not even with help? No. Not Sean. Not ever. I believe you. Thank goodness. I do, too. I don't think he had anything to do with it. I don't think he knew anything about it. I'm sure he didn't. Do you know a man named Travis McQueen? Did you say "Travis"? I don't know anyone by the name of Travis, no. He was a sharpshooter in the Army. Been out about six months now. He liked to hang around in the park, take long-lens pictures of pretty girls, chat them up, talk about his adventures as a sniper in Iraq. No, I'm sorry. How about Kathy? Kathy... just Kathy? Do she have a last name? I'm sure she does. All I know is she was Travis's girlfriend. or, at least, she pretended to be. No, sorry. Don't know a Travis, don't know a Kathy. And are you prepared to swear to that? In a court of law? Excuse me? You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. - You have the right to counsel. - Hold on. I just told you-- whoever this person is, whoever his girlfriend is, however they were involved, I don't know them. Why don't you bring Allison's friend in here? Yeah. This will just take a second. This is the lady, right? Hi, Kathy. And you're prepared to testify to that in a court of law? Yeah, sure. That's her. Kathy. She came in and exchanged a video camera for store credit. How's that flash screen working out for you? And the proof of purchase was this receipt, charged to the credit card of Travis McQueen? That's the receipt. You want to hear something funny? It may well be that the camera you returned...