without being told Somebody tell me why I'm on my own If there's a soulmate for everyone Hey, what are you doing here ? Happened to be in the neighborhood. Thought I'd bring dinner by. Real dinner, not that microwave stuff. you just happened to be in the neighborhood, huh ? Maybe I didn't think you should be alone tonight. You remembered. Of course I remembered. Today's the anniversary. One year ago today, your entire family was slaughtered. S05E19 Bring Me The Head Of Oswaldo Castillo</i> ragbear.com Synchronisation: Mimine Marie. Turn it down, Marie. Marie, damn it. Don't get me wrong, but you seem a little, uh, tightly wound this morning. Yeah, well, I feel a little tightly wound. My head is killing me. That dream keeps rattling around in my head. Al, come on now, we stayed up over an hour talking about that. Yeah, I know. Hey, hey, hey, hey, listen to me. It was a bad dream, a bad dream about losing your kids, and that's a dream that every parent has at some point. Yeah, I know, I was there the first time you said it. Then just think about it, Al. Everything you told me about this dream... all the places, all the people... you said yourself you didn't recognize any of 'em. Okay, so maybe, maybe, don't you think that maybe that just might mean that it wasn't real ? And until you... wait, hold on... until you see something that is real, that makes it real, that's the way we have to think. 'Cause we can't start living our lives like this is, this is our last year. We can't do that to our kids. I love you, too, Mommy. (I LOVE YOU PANDA BEAR) Marie, Mom doesn't want you to read the notes until lunchtime. Otherwise, she'd just hand 'em to you with your cereal in the morning. It's all right, Marie. I'll write you a new note. Hey, uh, don't forget. I don't have Dad's car today, so... I'm going to need a ride to the Art Institute after school. They're, uh, having dance tryouts for this summer's dance program. Check your bag. Mom, you didn't. GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR DANCE TRY OUT. I'LL PICK YOU UP RIGHT AFTER SCHOOL. Okay, you do know that I'm 16, right ? I don't think it's going to fit me. There are some onesies in here, and I think some dresses. Some of the stuff goes all the way back to Ariel, so feel free to toss whatever you don't want. Scanlon. Oh, my God! Please, don't hurt me. I beg you, no ! Please ! Don't ! I don't understand. I know you're going to kill me. Why not just kill me ? 'Cause this is more fun. Allison ? You need something else ? Who sits at this desk ? Uh, most of the time, a detective named Luis Ruiz. But, uh, he's been out on assignment for about two months. Cloak and dagger stuff. I actually have no idea what he's doing. Why ? Everything I'm about to tell you is highly classified information. I'm sure you two have heard about what's going on down in Mexico. The carnage, it's... like nothing they've ever seen before. Gunfights in the streets, wholesale murder, body count's well into the thousands. It's a drug war. Two rival cartels are fighting over territories and distribution. And now, some of that fighting is spilling over the border. Seen a rash of kidnappings and homicides across Arizona that we believe is connected to what's going on down south. Allison, that detective that you think might be in danger, he's actually been working undercover as a part of a joint investigation between us and the Drug Enforcement Agency. Miraculously, he's managed to get inside one of the cartel's operations right here in Phoenix. No law enforcement agency has ever had a man in so deep with one of these organizations. Well, that's great. When's the last time anyone actually heard from him ? Well, when a man is working that deep undercover, he can't be expected to check in with any regularity... Now that man that you saw torturing him... Yeah, the one with the burn scar on his face. Oh, my God. This is him. I was afraid of that. Oswaldo Castillo. He's, uh, he's been the cartel's top enforcer for years. Now, he specializes in the assassination of Mexican politicians and judges. We've suspected for a long while that the cartel has stationed him here in Arizona. But, um, no one's been able to lay eyes on him. His presence here would certainly explain this rash of violence. Hey, you. Okay, I'll ask. Why are you looking at me like that ? Allison, everybody's been trying to reach you for two hours. 3:00, Ariel ? Dance tryouts ? Art Institute ? Oh, my God, I... I was supposed to go get her. I completely forgot. It's okay. She called me. I postponed a conference call and I got her there. I don't understand. How could she not get ahold of me ? Well, she called your office and they  said you were behind closed doors. And we both tried your cell, and it just went straight to voice mail. I don't even remember turning this off. Oh, God... Al, you okay ? Yeah, it's nothing, I just have this headache and I just can't seem to shake it. Do you want me to call Dr. Berman, see if he can squeeze you in first thing in the morning ? Joe, It's a headache. I know, but I'm leaving for San Diego tomorrow, so if you're coming down with something... I'm not coming down with something; it's a headache. It'll pass. Promise you. You know, I can, I can make it through three days without you. If you really want to help me, why don't you get the girls dinner and put them to bed, so I can just crawl under the covers and try to sleep this thing off ? Okay, go ahead. Crawl away. By the way, she got in. Ariel. She nailed the tryout. Excellent. Sorry I'm late. That's okay. You said it was important. Oswaldo Castillo. I think I might have found someone who knows where he is. Who ? His doctor. His name's Hector Cruz. He's in Guadalajara, Mexico. Wait a second. Where'd you come up with this ? I hired another private detective. You're telling me you hired another private eye to hunt for Oswaldo Castillo after the last one took all your money and disappeared ? Do you not understand that I do this for a living ? Well, according to him, this Cruz is some kind of mob doctor. He treats wounded cartel soldiers after-hours in his clinic. If we could just get in there, if we could get into his files. He's got to have some kind of a way to contact his patients. Not necessarily, if in fact, he's even really Castillo's doctor. If in fact, he's even gone to see him in the last year. Or ten years or whatever. Not to mention the fact that you're talking about Mexico. I have no jurisdiction in Mexico. You know that. And even if I did, we don't know that any of this is true. I'm sorry. The best I can do is to pass this doctors name along to the Mexican authorities. That's the best you can do ? Look into his eyes and you tell me that you give a damn about jurisdiction. Look at him ! This is the man who murdered your wife. This is the man who massacred my family ! No ! Hello ? No, you didn't wake me. It's only 8:30. Yes, Mr. District Attorney. Wherever you need me to go. What am I looking at ? Do you remember the police officer who was working undercover ? The one you were so concerned about ? That's him. In the coolers in about a dozen pieces. This is, uh, this is his house. Oh, my God, that poor woman. Unfortunately, this is pretty standard stuff for these cartels. Targeting the families of their enemies, of law enforcement agents. Makes people think twice about investigating them. The DEA's going to be setting up a task force in our offices until this is solved. If it's all right with you, I'd like to introduce you to my colleague on the federal side. He is the guy who's going to be running their whole show. Believe it or not, he lost his wife to a cartel car bomb just a few weeks ago. They murdered his wife ? Agent Munoz. Special Agent Daniel Munoz, I'd like you to meet Allison Dubois. Who knows how to love you without being told Daniel Munoz... that's his name, Special Agent Daniel Munoz. He's completely real. I know, I hear you, I hear you,  I hear you. He's real, Joe. I didn't make him up. He worked for the DEA. Not only that, they murdered his wife. Who-who murdered this guy's wife ? Oswaldo Castillo. He did it with a car bomb. He's a professional killer. He works for this drug cartel. He's the one that I saw torturing that detective. This is it... this is what he does. He kills people. He kills people's families. Well, say something. And we're next, right ? Me and the kids, we're next ? That's where you're going, right ? Why do you say this like it's a question ? I'm sorry, Allison, I don't know how to continue this conversation unless it's a question. How do you want me to continue ? Like it's a certainty... my death, my children's deaths, they're absolutely certain ? Well, hey, let's just go get the cyanide and end it all right now. What the hell do you want me to do, Allison ? Come on. Isn't it enough that my life is over, but now you're upset with me because I'm not reacting to it properly ? What is it you want me to do ? What is it I want you to do ? What is it I want you to do ?! I want you to get your ass out of that damn bed, and I want you to keep us safe ! I want you to act like you give a damn ! Like what I'm saying matters to you ! Of course it matters to me, It completely matters. But I don't know what to tell  you to do about it if you're already convinced that doing anything is useless. And I don't think that waking the kids by yelling at each other is the answer either. There were five ice chests. Each with a different piece of that police detective in it. I understand. And I believe you, I do... I absolutely believe you. But I also believe that standing out in the sun too long is going to give me cancer, but I'll be damned if the kids and I are going to spend the rest of our lives hiding in the dark. What kind of an answer is that ? That's the only answer I have, Allison. I can't believe that our fate is sealed, I can't. Life is about choices. You've just got to make the right ones. Well, what are they ? Okay, let's say you're right. Let's say that we're a target for these cartel people because you work in law enforcement, okay ? Then the answer's pretty simple. You got to stop working in law enforcement. - You're right. - Of course I'm right. I got to quit. I mean, I know Devalos is counting on me, but I have to quit, and I have to make sure that they know that I did. That's right, for the sake of your family, that's what you have to do, absolutely. I mean, there's no other choice, is there ? I mean, if you're convinced that we're in danger, if you're absolutely certain of it, no, yeah, you-you got to go into work tomorrow, you got to knock on Devalos' door and you got to say, "I resign... for the safety of my family." Of course, if you're convinced that we're all going to die anyway, what's the point ? Which is why the choice that I would advocate involves two things. First, that you embrace the possibility that these things that you're dreaming about might not be set in stone. And secondly, secondly, that you do your job, you do your job as if your life depended on it. As if your family's life depended on it. And then-then you might be able to find this guy, this... Oswaldo Castillo. Oswaldo Castillo. You find him and you put him away. You put the people that he works for away. And then, there's no reason for anyone to kill your family anymore. And there's no one left around to do it. You sleep here ? It's Allison, right ? Well, I'm impressed, Allison. None of my agents ever beat me into the office. Oh, I'm so sorry. Don't be. My wife's murder is part of this case. So is this how it works ? Your thing... you look at a file, hope something comes to you ? To be perfectly honest, I have no idea how this thing works. Or even if it's going to work on any given day. But, uh... yeah, sometimes looking at pictures, at a file... sometimes it helps. Please, I want to show you something. This is everything we've got. Had it expressed over from my El Paso field office last night. Look at whatever you like. My files are your files. Ariel, come on, hurry up. Taxi's here to take me to the airport. The girls are going to be late for school if you don't leave soon. I'm on it, Dad. Don't worry. Marie's doing it again. Marie, you're supposed to wait until lunchtime to read Mommy's messages. Hey, come on, it's all right.She doesn't have to wait if she doesn't want to. Come on, come on, you guys got to get going. Daddy, I can't read this. Could you please read it to me ? "Marie, have a..." Let me see yours, sweetie, can I...? There. KILLED 3/10/08 Hi. Is this 220 Dekalb ? I couldn't find any number on your house. Thanks. Oswaldo. Tu almuerzo. I think I know where we can find him. I think I know where Oswaldo Castillo's hiding. Allison, you don't look well. Maybe you and I should go talk about this outside. No, no. I saw him. I just saw Oswaldo Castillo. He's at 220 Dekalb. He's at an old lady's house. I think her son was a friend of his. Why are you all just sitting there ? Allison, your nose. Mrs. Dubois. Dr. Cruz. Sorry to keep you waiting, huh ? Not at all, Doctor. Thanks for squeezing me in. Please... be patient with me. My English is a little weak. We don't get too many tourists from your country in these parts of Guadalajara. It says that you were hoping to get a prescription today ? For pain medication ? According to this, you are still experiencing some pain from a surgery that you had a year ago ? A brain surgery. I had a tumor growing on my brain stem. Usually I would just contact my own doctor for the pills, but since I wasn't planning on being back in the States for a few days... You thought you would visit my humble clinic, huh ? You do realize, Mrs. Dubois, you are not the first American to cross the border in search of narcotic pain medication. I don't suppose you would have some documentation of your surgery. A MRI perhaps. Thank you, Doctor. I understand. I was just hoping not to cut my vacation short, but actually I feel like I got everything I wanted. Mrs. Dubois, do you mind letting me see your scar ? Pardon me ? Your scar. I mean, if you did undergo the procedure you are describing to me, it should not be a problem. Who knows ? It might convince me to give you the prescription you are after. For the right price, of course. Allison, hey, hey, Allison, hey. You're awake. How you feeling ? You okay ? My head hurts. How long have I been here ? Just a few hours. Listen, Al, um, they ran some tests while you  were unconscious. And I need to talk to you about what they found. The brain tumor. I know. As you can see, you have a sizable tumor growing in the region of the medulla. The medulla's part of the brain stem. It regulates motor functions, breathing, heartbeat, R.E.M. sleep. The medulla's in charge of all of that. These headaches you've been having ? They're a symptom of your condition. As the tumor grows, there's less space in your skull for your brain. And that can cause something called elevated intracranial pressure. And that can lead to all kinds of side effects, including difficulty understanding and expressing language. Which might explain the garbled notes you told me about. So this tumor, this thing inside of her brain, are we talking cancer ? We have no way of knowing until we examine the tissue. And we can't do that without performing a surgical procedure. A procedure that we need to do in any event to remove the tumor and relieve the pressure on the brain. No, the tumor is benign. I already know that. That's good, Mrs. Dubois. It's important to think positively. No, you don't understand. I know it's benign. I heard you, Mrs. Dubois. And I'm aware of your reputation. But even if you're right, it changes nothing. We need to get in there. The tumor is growing quickly. If we do not do something soon, very soon, it can lead to something we call "herniation of the brain." And that can cause paralysis, coma... and even death. It's okay. None of those things are gonna happen to me. When do we do this ? As soon as possible. I'd like to schedule it for tomorrow morning. You want to open up my skull tomorrow morning ? Okay, I'm fine with that. That's excellent. Girls will be getting out of school soon. I want to bring them here so we that can tell them both together. - No. - What ? I want you to take the girls and get out of Phoenix. I don't care where you guys go, just stay away. What are you talking about ? You are in danger, Joe. You, the girls. Everything I've been dreaming lately, it's all coming true. Allison... And I know if you and the girls stay here, you're gonna die. Allison... you're ill. Yeah, now, but in the future, in the future, I am better. I survive all this. No! This is serious, Al. You have a brain tumor ! You're asking me on the eve of a surgery that you might not survive, to-to pack up our kids and take them as far away as I possibly can ? No ! I'm not listening to your dreams, not this time. - No ! - Yes ! Hey, look at this ! Take a good, long look 'cause this is what that tumor's doing to you when you try to write. Now imagine what it is doing to you when you try to dream. - I don't care ! - No ! Your dreams cannot be trusted right now. No. Hey... what if I'm right ? I know I'm sick. And I know you're worried about me. but please, I beg of you, please ? I don't want to survive this if I can't have my family. Okay. All right. Okay, fine. You win. Okay, I'll go home. I'll take them to my sister's. I'll tell them we want them to stay there so that I can stay here in the hospital with you. Joe ! No! That is the best that I can do. Because I need to be here when you wake up in the morning. And I need to be here every morning until you're better. And that is just the way that it's gonna be. Allison ? I, uh, I heard about your illness. I'm so sorry. I won't stay long. I just wanted to let you know that we went to that address you gave us. Found a bunch of weapons hidden on the property, men's clothes, some fake I.D.s that belonged to Oswald Castillo. But not him ? Not him. We must have just missed him. He must have known we were coming because he left in a hurry. Left behind his money, his weapons. This is a good thing. We will find him. I wish I could believe you. I've dreamt about him, you know. He wants to hurt my family. I don't know when, I don't know where... but it's coming. Ma'am, I know we don't know each other very well, but... today you very nearly led me to the man who murdered my wife. These things you've been seeing ? I'm not gonna let 'em happen. You're not gonna let them happen. That's why we're here. That's why we're in this together. Good luck, Allison. Sir, what are you doing here ? I got the voicemail message you left me this afternoon. And you said some very nice things, Allison, but I have to admit the message alarmed me. All that talk about how glad you are to have known me. how appreciative you are of everything I've done for you. To be honest, Allison, it sounded like a good-bye. I was just depressed. I guess I just called to say hi. I got your voicemail and I just... talked too much. I'm sorry. Can I come in ? Oh, sure. You know, I know we've been out of touch for a while, but I still consider you a friend, and it's... Listen, I just have to ask you this. You're not considering doing anything drastic, are you ? No! No, I'm fine. I mean, some days are better than others, but... no, I'm not planning on doing anything drastic. Please. You, uh... you going somewhere ? I'm just going out of town for a couple days. I see. Can you put it off ? What for ? Because I'd like you to come to work for me again starting right now. What would I do ? I haven't had a dream in a year. I don't care. I'll hire you right now as a paralegal. You go back to school. You finish getting your law degree. Look, as long as I have a job, you have a job. I don't think so. Allison... you have got to move on. You owe it to the memory of your family. I owe it to the memory of my family to do what I'm doing now. I could have saved them... Joe and the girls. Allison... Before that operation... I was dreaming about Castillo. I was on the path to finding him. And I would have found him, I know it. But after that surgery, when I woke up, it was just gone. No more visions, no more dreams. It was like when they cut that tumor out, they cut out my gift, too. If I'd just put off that surgery, my family would still be alive. Hey. I'm back. It's good that you're up. The nurse said that they're gonna take you in for surgery in ten minutes, so I brought you some stuff from home. The girls all wrote you notes. on paper napkins. They're hidden in here. Um, I wasn't supposed to tell you. What's the matter, cat got your tongue ? - Hello ? - Where the hell are you ? It's... It's okay, Joe. Really, it's going to be okay. No, it is not okay. You ripped out your IV and you snuck out of your hospital room. You're supposed to be in surgery right now. Yeah, I know. I can't have that surgery. What did you say ? I can't have it. At least not now. It's going to take away my dreams, Joe. It's going to take away my gift. Allison, what the hell are you talking about ? Look, I had another dream last night about the future. And now... And now I know that if I let them operate, it's going to be the last dream that I ever have. Allison, you're delirious. You're not making any sense. I need to keep dreaming. I need to find out how I'm supposed to save you. After that, I swear, I will come back to the hospital. I will come back to you. With any luck, it'll just be a couple of days. You could be dead in a couple of days. Tell Lee. T-Tell Lee that he shouldn't bother checking my credit cards because I just used the cash that I have in my purse. I found a nice place to dream. No, no, no, no. Allison. Allison, listen to me. Listen. I love you, Joe. Whatever happens, you know that. I love you more than anything. I heard about your close call in Guadalajara. Didn't expect to see you back in the States so soon. What can I say ? I had a very good doctor. There's an extra $20,000 here. Cabrera family. They want to make sure you know they appreciate the level of cooperation that you offer them. What is that ? The garage door. Who are you ? What are you doing here ? Her name's Allison Dubois. You killed her family a little over a year ago. Doctor's office in Guadalajara. You went there on your own, didn't you ? You left a cell number with the doctor. He needed to contact you to give you the results of a blood test, see if your gunshot wound had gone septic. The investigator I hired tracked the cell number this address. That's how I got here. Now, what are you doing here, Daniel ? Well, I guess we know. All right, that's enough talk. Wait a second. What's that smell ? Don't worry about it. Pull the trigger. We can all go together. I cut the gas line before I closed the garage door. I figure, by now, all it will take is one little spark. You pull your trigger. I'll pull mine. Any spark will do. Daniel. Explain to me how you can take money from these people after they did that to your wife. Oh, see? You're not so psychic. He didn't start taking money after I killed his bride. He was taking money for years. You allowed them to murder her ? She figured out what I was doing. I didn't like it, but... Hey, the past is the past. Point is, nobody has to die now. We can all walk away. And you can walk away a very wealthy woman, Miss Dubois.</i> I don't want that. I don't want money. I want to see my family again. And we all know there's only one way that I can do that now. So, what is it going to be ? You're right. Ladies first. Agent Munoz. You're here. Mr. District Attorney. It's awfully early in the morning to be seeing you. Something up ? Well, we just received an anonymous tip. A citizen spotted someone matching Oswaldo Castillo's description. Apparently, he's meeting with two other men in a parking lot outside a check cashing facility in Point Breeze. Right now ? We believe so. Squad cars are on  the way. You can ride with me if you'd like. Sure. Let me just stick this in here and I'll be right down. COPS ON WAY. LEAVE NOW. Did you warn him ? Allison, my God. I thought you were having surgery this morning. What are you doing here ? I had to put it off. I had to tell the District Attorney about a... dream that I just had. What are you talking about ? Allison, no offense, but you look terrible. I don't think you know what you're saying. Sir! You can come in now. What's going on ? I thought we were going after Castillo. There was no tip. We just told you that so you would be compelled to contact Oswaldo. May I see your phone, please ? Absolutely not. This is my private phone. I just can't... That cop you gave up, Luis Ruiz. He sat five feet from me for the past three years. I know his kid. Give me that phone now or I'll arrest you for obstruction of justice and then I'll take it from you. This is insane. I'm a Federal Agent. You just can't bully me. That really doesn't matter much, Agent Munoz. Either you give me the phone or I go to the trouble of getting a subpoena and getting the records from  your carrier. They'll give me every call, every text, and as I'm sure you're aware, all I need to do is prove that you forwarded information about Detective Ruiz to the Cabrera cartel. And that would make you an accessory to the murder of a police officer. You'd be looking at the death penalty. Or you can give me your phone. Tell me where Oswaldo Castillo's hiding, and I might just be willing to settle for putting you in jail for the rest of your life. Okay. We did it your way. Now let's get you to the hospital. Allison ?! Paging Dr. Stateman. Dr. Stateman, please. Hey. Joe. Any news ? I haven't heard a thing. She's still in surgery. Well, I would have been here sooner, but your wife left me a very busy man. Daniel Munoz gave us the address where Oswaldo Castillo was hiding. We arrested him about two hours ago. Joe, I know that Allison delayed her surgery because she was afraid that the cartel posed a threat to your family. You should know that they're not a threat anymore. You're wife's a hero, Joe. I know that. I've always known that. Mr. Dubois. Maybe we should speak in my office. No. What's going on. Just... Tell me. How's my wife ? The procedure itself went well. The tumor was benign. And we were able to excise it almost entirely. There was a small portion that had grown deeply into the tissue of the brainstem. If it continues to grow, we think we'll be able to eliminate it with radiation. That's... Okay. So, how long before she's awake ? Your wife had a stroke shortly before surgery. The pressure in her skull, it just got to be too much. We went ahead with the procedure anyway. But now she is completely non-responsive and she's showing no signs of consciousness. And so far, we've been unable to wake her. I'm sorry, Mr. Dubois. But until we can determine the severity of the stroke, it is impossible to predict when or even if she will ever come out of her comatose state.</i> Who doesn't long for someone to hold >Who knows how to love you without being told Somebody tell me why I'm on my own If there's a soulmate for everyone