Pain in the ass. Thank you so... Suzie! According to this,Cynthia Keener had a daughter named Suzie who went missing in 1998. Don't scream. Don't scream,okay? Don't scream. He'll hear you,okay? I know where he took her,where he kept her and the others. The others? There was at least one other. Her name was Johanna. Oh,my God. Marion Wheeler? Are you the owner of this store? Maybe. Johanna? Her disappearance in 1998? My daughter isn't missing. She's never been missing. It means you're wrong. It means I'm actually... I'm actually angry that that woman's daughter isn't dead because she could have been there for daughter in her final moments, if in fact,if she was ever even in that basement. What does that mean? It means you're fired. Slow down. Are you telling me you think you... you actually invented something? Here's the thingit isn't just a toy. I actually think that it might have real world applications. I figure all that's going to cost about $30,000. Joe,come on. $30,000? We don't even have $3,000. The girl's college money. There's almost $32,000 just sitting there. You know I can't do this. God,isn't life funny? I mean,this whole marriage has always been about me believing in you. Now the one time,the one time,the shoe ends up on the other foot... This is not the same thing. It's exactly the same thing,exactly. Where are you going? What does it matter? Joe... Stop it,please! Oh,God... oh,God.Oh,God. I don't understand why... -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season04 Episode10</font> You watching this,or can I change it to the news? No,no,it's your bar. Your TV. Change it to whatever you like. You and the missus had a blowup,huh? Yeah. How did you know? You've been fiddling with that wedding band for the last hour and every time the phone rings, you forward it to voicemail. Want some advice? Problems at home never get solved at a bar. Next time that thing rings,answer it. Might be an emergency. Maybe she needs your help. Reporting live from just outside Casa Valley Hospital where the two young women managed to escape from their captor early this morning... Actually,it looks like she's doing just fine. Looks like she's right where she wants to be. Ms. Keener. One of your colleagues from Ameritips is asking for you. She's in the waiting area. I'm sorry. I know I'm not supposed to be here. I'm supposed to be a secret. I have to talk to you about something. Everything I've been seeing in my dreams the last few nights,everything about Suzie-- it happened. It did not happen. Not to my daughter,not nine years ago. We know that now. What you saw was happening to Melanie Linder. You got the faces confused. - You put Suzie's face where Melanie's was,and... - No. I think I got the faces right: Suzie's,Johanna Wheeler's,the kidnapper's. That makes no sense. Johanna Wheeler was just freed. Obviously,she wasn't locked up in a basement with my daughter nine years ago. I think she was. What are you saying? She was in on it. She and her boyfriend. He's not the man who took Suzie,but I believe he and Johanna had the same arrangement. What do you mean? They would target a girl-- someone they both wanted. And the boyfriend would kidnap her and throw her in the basement with Johanna who would pretend to be a fellow victim. Why would she do that? Because she's a sociopath. Because she thinks it's fun. Because it's all a big game to her. She likes befriending them-- getting them to open up,seducing them,keeping them close to her,and then watching... their surprise when she betrays them. Laughing while they're suffering. Well,I saw Johanna when they brought her in. She didn't look like she was playing a game to me. She's acting. For you,for the police,for the media. She has to. The last thing she imagined was that Melanie Linder would get that gun away from her boyfriend and kill him with it,before they could kill her. Well,that's a very interesting theory,Allison. The only problem is,Melanie Linder wasn't the one who wrestled the gun away from the kidnapper. Melanie Linder wasn't the one who shot him. It was Johanna Wheeler. I'm home. You smell like beer. I don't know what to tell you. It's not our money to use. It's the girls' money. I'm sorry. Do you want to pick up the girls or you want me to do it? You're right. You probably shouldn't be driving. Please... please don't. Please. Don't. If you have to take one of us... take me. If you take her,she'll just keep crying. Me... I can make you believe I like it. Not yet. I have to check my messages. Hey,sweetie,it's Mom. Listen,Johanna,I'm sorry to bother you with this,but the strangest thing just happened. These two women came to visit me here at the store. One of them was a private investigator and they both seemed to be under the impression that something... well,that something terrible happened to you nine years ago. I mean,obviously they have the wrong Johanna Wheeler, but I don't know,I just thought you should know just in case. Next message... Hello,Ms. Wheeler. My name is Cynthia Keener and I'm an investigator with Ameritips. I'm calling because it recently came to my attention that you may have some information regarding a missing persons case involving a Suzanne Keener. If you'd call me at your earliest convenience I'd appreciate it. I can be reached at... ********** Daddy? Daddy,you up? Bridge... You all right? Everything all right? Why are you sleeping in here? I don't know. It's fun. Sweetie,what is it? I think you need to go to the bank,Daddy. What are you talking about? Well,you need money,right? I heard you and Mommy talking about it. Yeah,but,Bridge,no one at the bank is just going to give us money. But they are. I had a dream about it. There's this white-haired man working there,and he wants to give you a bunch of money. A white-haired man? Bridge,this white-haired man-- he wouldn't be Santa by any chance? Dad,come on. I'm nine. Trust me. Allison,what are you doing here? Do you have any idea what time it is? Did you leave a message for Johanna Wheeler after we met her mother the other day? Well,yes,I did. I wanted to make absolutely sure she didn't know my daughter. Why? Her mother left her a message too,at we were asking Yesterday you asked me if Johanna and David Draper were partners, why would she kill him before they finished their little game. Well,now I think I know the answer. It was us,Cynthia. We're the reason that she killed him. We spooked her. This is Peter Connolly,the man that I saw torturing Suzie in my dreams. The man I believe was working with Johanna Wheeler in 1998. You think that I'm wrong? Let's talk to Johanna Wheeler. Let's talk to Peter Connolly. Can I help you,sir? Uh,I don't know,maybe. Um,a friend of mine recommended that I come and speak to a colleague of yours about a loan, but I'm having a hard time remembering his name. All I know for sure is that he has white hair. Oh,you mean Walter. Walter,yes. Good ol' Walter. Miss Wheeler? Do you have a moment? If you're reporters,the press conference is downstairs. I'm not giving any interviews. Actually,I'm an investigator with Ameritips. My name is Cynthia Keener. You,uh,left a message on my cell,right? Something about a missing persons case? That's right. I listened to it this morning when the police returned my personal effects, but I didn't understand it. No one I know has ever gone missing; no family,no friends,no one except myself,really. I don't see how I could be of any help. Well,we were wondering if maybe you'd be willing to look at a few photographs, tell us if you recognize any of the people in there. Of course,if you think it would help. I'm sorry. I don't know her. How about this man? Maybe you'd like to look again just to make sure. I've never seen this man before in my life. Well,obviously,the anonymous tip my office received was bogus. It happens sometimes. I'm sorry. I'm confused. Are you saying that someone told you I had information about a missing persons case? Well,earlier this week,my office received a tip that this man Peter Connolly abducted two young women in 1998. He kept them in a basement,raped them repeatedly,tortured them,then discarded them. According to the person who contacted me, one of these young women was my daughter Suzie. The other one was you. This some sort of joke? I was kidnapped this week. I was raped this week. If the same thing had happened to me nine years ago, don't you think I would have mentioned it to the police? If this is a joke,it's being had at both of our expenses. Obviously,I love my daughter very much,Miss Wheeler, and I would do anything to find out what happened to her, even risk upsetting you at what is clearly a very difficult time. Please forgive me. Have you talked to him yet,this,uh,this Connolly person,the one in the photograph? No,not yet. He's next on our list.Why? According to the person who contacted me, this man Connolly had a lot in common with the man who kidnapped you and Melanie Linder. You know,Ms. Dubois and I keep asking ourselves, "Was there any connection between these two men? "Did they know each other? "Was there communication between them at some point? "Did they frequent the same nightclubs? Perhaps they trolled the same chatrooms." Or who knows? Maybe they dated the same woman. I suppose anything is possible. Very sorry I couldn't be of more help,Ms. Keener. Maybe you'll have more luck with this Connolly fellow. Who knows? Maybe he'll even give you a full confession. I mean,I get the feeling that without one,you... you really don't have much of a case at all,do you? Thank you for your time,Miss Wheeler. We'll be in touch. Absolutely. Definitely. I'll see you then. Don't do this. Don't go. Ask me about my day. Ask me who I was on the phone with. All right. Who were you on the phone with? Cynthia Keener. She finally managed to track down a current address for Peter Connolly. We plan on paying him a visit tomorrow. See if we have better luck rattling his cage than we did Johanna Wheeler's. Are you telling me that you're actually gonna try and provoke a man who, according to your dreams,repeatedly raped and then murdered an 18-year-old girl? That's sort of the only thing we can do. We don't have any evidence to bring the police. Tell me about your day. You have a meeting or something? Yeah,you could say that. With who? With Walter,the wondrous white-haired banker. The man from Bridgette's dream? He didn't give you the money,did he? Well,he wanted to. But... But we already have two mortgages on the house, and since what I really have is an invention or actually, just an idea for an invention,technically, I don't really qualify for a small business loan. Don't do that. Don't go sleep out there. I know you're mad at me. Can't you just be mad at me in here? I need that money,Allison. I need you to sign those papers. **** It's so peaceful here. It's so quiet. I could stay here forever and ever right here on this spot. Mom don't say it. I know what you're gonna say. I don't want you to say it. I mean it,Suzie. I'm your mother. You have to do what I tell you to do. I'm sorry,Mom. It's time. I have go back now. You know how much I love you,don't you? You only tell me every freakin' time I see you. Sweetie,come on. Your sister's got a test first period. You can draw after school. Dad,the man you spoke to at the bank,did he look like this? Bridge,nobody looks like this. Dad,look closer. Is that a mustache? Yeah,didn't I tell you about the mustache? You spoke to the wrong white-haired man. Bridge,there was only one white-haired man. No,but that can't be right! There has to be two! No,Bridge,come on,sweetie. It was a dream,all right? Just a dream. Now can we please just let it go? No,I'm sorry. I've never seen her before. She's been in the news lately,right? She and another young woman were kidnapped and held in a basement for a week. Sound familiar? You claim never to have seen this young woman before in your life, and yet,my office was contacted by an individual who says that you and a partner abducted,raped and murdered her in 1998. And with each passing day,my team and I draw ever closer to you and your partner. Now,it's gonna take a little while,but that's okay. We want to build the strongest case possible. We want to be thorough. That's the only way you can guarantee the death penalty,really. But then again,you might come to your senses. One of you might confess or cut a deal with the district attorney's office. That would be the smarter move,of course. Piece-of-crap rowboat. These shoes are ruined. This was wrong. This was a mistake. What are you talking about? Never should've let you talk me into this. Hey,baby,hey. Relax.It's over now. What if somebody finds her? What if they figure out what we did? No one is gonna find her. I just made sure of that. Honestly. You're a big,blubbering mess now,but,mark my words, in a week,you're gonna want another one. No. Johanna,no. This was it. Never again. We know that she was the driving force,Mr. Connolly. We know that she wanted it more than you did. It's important that you felt remorse,that you stopped. That's gonna mean something to the jury. She's the one we really want,Mr. Connolly. She's the one who's still doing it. We can go on accusing Johanna Wheeler and Peter Connolly till we're blue in the face, but unless we have any evidence... I'm sorry I don't have more for you. Oh,there's no need to apologize. You've done more for me in the past week than the entire Phoenix Police Department has done in the last nine years. Cynthia,I need you to go down that road. What? Why? This is the place I saw in my dreams. You and Suzie's ghost came here to talk. I've never been here before in my life. Something I saw at the house. Piece-of-crap rowboat. These shoes are ruined. The night that Peter and Johanna disposed of Suzie's body, they were both dripping wet. Johanna said something about a rowboat. I'm praying it's someone else. Don't know that you should have hung around after you called,Allison. People are starting to ask questions I don't have good answers to. Well,how long till the coroner can give us an ID? Remains have been down there a good,long time. All he can tell at this point is that they're female. That,and there are three metal pins. In her left femur? Suzie had a skiing accident in 1989. She broke her leg. It's her. identified the body that was recovered from the bottom of Tyler Lake earlier this afternoon, as Suzanne Keener, a 19-year-old woman who disappeared from the parking lot of a Phoenix strip mall almost nine years ago. Channel 9's Dawn Velasquez was able to catch up with Suzanne's mother,Cynthia, as she left the coroner's office a short while ago. I'm saddened to have the very long search for my daughter end this way, but I'm also very encouraged by the great deal of physical evidence that was recovered with Suzie's body, so for now,I'm... I don't remember you saying anything about physical evidence. 'Cause there wasn't any. Just an old skeleton in a tarp. She's bluffing? She wanted to give the killers something to think about. See what shakes out. Remind me to never play poker with that woman. I need you to promise me. We're gonna pay this money back. Before we pay down the house,before we buy any cars,we are going to pay this money back. We're not gonna need to. I know that if I can just get this idea in front of some venture capitalists... Worst-case scenario. Worst-case scenario. You have my word. Fine. Tomorrow morning. Whatever you need,I'll sign it. I suppose you expect me to sleep with you now. No,in fact,I've decided I'm never sleeping with you again. Well,hold on a second. Allison? but I'm also very encouraged by the great deal of physical evidence that was recovered with Suzie's... Hello? Who did you tell about the girl,Peter? What? Who is this? Who do you think it is? Her mother paid me a visit today. She asked me a bunch of questions,but I didn't tell her anything. She said her office received an anonymous tip about me. Yeah. She said the same thing to me. The funny thing is,I never told a soul about our darling Suzie. You think that I did? I don't know. I mean,between the two of us,you always did have the more,uh... delicate constitution. Well,I-I have wanted to tell. I've wanted to get it off my chest for a long time. I've just never been,um,strong enough. I believe you. They said on the news they found physical evidence. What do you think they've got,Pete? Your blood? Your semen? That body's been at the bottom of that lake for nine years. There wouldn't be anything left but bones. You think they're bluffing? Yeah,of course they're bluffing. I know it's hard,baby,but you... you've got to be strong for me,okay? Just... just for a little while longer. We keep our mouths shut,and all of this goes away,I promise. Tell me you can do it. Come on. Tell me you can be strong. Sorry. Hello? Peter Connolly just called me. He wants to talk about a deal. You're kidding me? No,he keep everything very hypothetical at this point. "If I was a party to this. If I was a party to that." But I could hear it in his voice. He's starting to crack. Cynthia,that's wonderful. I know,I'm leaving for his house right now. I thought you might want to meet me. Me? Well,yeah,you started this thing,Allison. It seems only fair you're there to finish it. Oh,well,I should be an hour or two,tops. You're sure you're okay with the girls? Yeah,it's Saturday,babe. What's there to do but watch cartoons and eat cereal? What? What's going on? Well,it's Saturday. The bank closes early on Saturdays. I wanted to go by and sign those papers for you and deposit this retainer check that Cynthia gave me for this week. Cover that check that we sent to Dr. Bondi on Thursday. Tu crippling debt es mi crippling debt. I'll take it to the bank when Ariel gets up. You go. Bring that nice lady some closure. Everything's covered here. We'll sign the papers on Monday. Bye,stinkus. Did I hear you say you're going to the bank? You're not fooling anyone,you know. What do you mean? I mean,I know you're only here 'cause you want to look for the white-haired man. I can help the next customer. - I'd like to deposit that,please. - Sure Daddy! Daddy,come quick! I found him! I found him! Sorry. Excuse me a minute.Bridge... Daddy! - Are you all right? - Are you okay? Just a little fall. Oh,thank you.Thanks. Ms. Keener. Mrs. Dubois. You killed him,didn't you? You knew he was going to speak with us. You knew he was going to give you up,so you shot him. Ms. Keener,I don't know what you're talking about. Peter Connolly. He's dead. You,uh... you showed me his photograph,right? We found him this morning in his apartment. The police believe it was a suicide. Suicide? Sounds like a guilty conscience to me. Maybe you were right about him. Maybe he did have something to do with your daughter's murder. Don't play innocent with me,you little monster. Ms. Keener... I'm so sorry about what happened to your daughter, and I'm sure that it's the stress of finding her body after all these years that's making you act this way. But I had nothing to do with her death. I don't know how to make that any clearer. And I really think you should leave now or I'll be forced to call the authorities. If you think this is over,you're wrong. I can go to Detective Scanlon. I can tell him... Tell him what? We have nothing,Allison. Nothing but the knowledge she was there. I'm so sorry. You know,I used to think that not knowing was the worst. But this is worse. I know exactly what happened. I know exactly how my daughter suffered and died. And there's not the least amount of justice I can bring to her. What are you going to do now? I'm going to bury my daughter. I'm going to tell her how sorry I am there was nothing I can do for her. See you. - Hello? - Hello. I need to tell you something,but before I do, I want to assure you that everything's perfectly fine. Okay. I slipped and fell at the bank,and now I'm in the emergency room at the Casa Valley Hospital. Oh,my God,Joe,are you all right? I've got the slightest little fracture in my wrist,but other than that,I'm fine. It hardly even hurts at all. Besides,I've got Bridgette right here to keep me company. She's flirting shamelessly with a handsome young intern. You'd be very proud. Are they putting a cast on you? Are you going to be able to drive yourself home? Joe,are you there? Sweetheart,I think I'm going to have to call you back. Mr. Dubois? Reginald Smythe,Regional Manager for Phoenix West. I oversee all of our downtown branches. I'd offer my hand,but... 15 grand! 15 freakin' grand just for falling on my ass. I think I've found my new calling. I'm gonna be the guy who falls down in banks for a living. Someday I'll branch out-- maybe I'll fall down in grocery stores,maybe even malls. Too bad you didn't crack your skull open. Maybe you could've gotten the whole 30 grand you were looking for. I've been giving that some thought. I'm starting to think that 30 may have been a little grand. I think that I can do what I need to with just this 15. Husband to wife. I'm trying to tell you we don't need to touch the girls' college money. I'm listening. I am.I hear. That's... that is great news.It's just... Cynthia? I feel like I wish I never started dreaming about her daughter. I wish I'd kept it to myself. I feel like I've done something incredibly cruel. You've been doing this for a while,Al. You know you don't get the dreams that you get because you're supposed to keep them to yourself. You get them 'cause you're supposed to try to help people. Well,how exactly did I help Cynthia? You know,how is she better off today knowing the things that I told her? How's she going to sleep tonight knowing who killed Suzie,but not be able to prove it? Well,maybe Cynthia's not the person you were supposed to help this time. Now,because of your dreams,you and Cynthia started asking questions about Johanna Wheeler. Johanna,in turn,got nervous. So nervous,in fact,that she killed her new partner and let Melanie Linder go. Now,let's say that you had kept your dreams to yourself. Let's say that you hadn't risked telling Cynthia some pretty terrible things that had happened to her daughter. Where exactly do you think Melanie Linder would be tonight? At home with her parents? Or at the bottom of a lake right next to Suzie? You know,for a faithful manservant you have an uncanny knack at putting things in perspective. You should see me do windows. I wish.In my dreams. I would love to see that. Hello? Allison,it's Cynthia. I was wondering if you would meet me someplace. When she was three years old,I put Suzie in day care. Her father had left us. I needed to go back to work. It wasn't the greatest place. I couldn't afford much. One morning,she came to me crying. She said she didn't want to go. The other kids were mean to her,she said. They hit her when the teachers weren't looking. And she was afraid. She didn't know what to do. Well,in those days,I had the weight of the world on my shoulders. I was just trying to get through the week and pay the rent. And I didn't have time for her and her little girl problems. And I got angry with her,and I said, "Suzie...you've got to stand up for yourself. 'Cause no one else is gonna look after you in this life." She was just three years old. She was just a baby. It was my job to look after her. It was my job to stand up for her. And now I finally have. Cynthia... whose house is this? It's all right,Allison. I've called the authorities. They'll be here in a moment. What can I do for you,Cynthia? How can I help? Take my hand. Wait with me. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-