solar cell amplification system. In exchange for funding, she wants 51% ownership. Do you want to give up control of your idea? - No,of course I don't. - Then don't. I'm sorry,but unless you're willing to rethink the 51/49 split, I don't see how I can do this with you. So,how did it go? How'd she take it? I signed the papers. Meghan Doyle. So nice to finally meet you. Yeah,it's nice to finally meet you. Well,she's very pretty. Well,let's try not to hold that against her. I just now realized that I don't have my wallet. Okay. Miss you. I thought you were with the boyfriend. Best-laid plans... Or not laid, as the case may be. That is one sharp lunchbox. No,seriously. My brother has one just like it. He's six. So,what's your excuse? Oh,come on,loser. You know you want to say something, so just say it. Yeah. Didn't think so. Damn,kid. You scared me. Thought you were Sister Beatrice. You know if you tell her I'm out here,you are dead meat. Kid! I'm talking to you! No,no... -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season04 Episode15 Being Joey Carmichael</font> I don't get it. I thought these things were supposed to make me see better, but all they're doing is making things fuzzy. They make Marie see better. They're prescription. They only work for her,doofus. - Give 'em back! - No. - Give 'em back! - No. Hey,Bridgette,give your sister her glasses back. Girls,keep it quiet,okay, 'cause Daddy had to work late, and he's still asleep. Hello? Hey,it's me. I was wondering how your morning looks. Uh,I'm just...I'm making my girls lunch, dropping them off at school, and then I'm wide open. Why? Care to lend your considerable talents to the Phoenix PD? Oh,really? I didn't think the Phoenix PD was all that interested in my... considerable talents these days. That'd be District Attorney Van Dyke's policy,not mine. So what do you say? You want to meet me for coffee? Guy's name is Curtis Lambert. Last night,somebody snuck into his place. Shot him three times. Shot in each kneecap, and one to the head. Sounds like whoever wanted to kill this guy wanted him to suffer before he died. Lambert made his fortune bringing heroin into Phoenix. Our narc squad has been trying to build a case against him for years. I'm guessing maybe he got killed by one of his competitors. Has all the hallmarks of a really expensive hit. Getting past a top-of-the-line security system, leaving a crime scene that's clean as a whistle. Not a single fingerprint, not a drop of DNA. All right,so,if you know all this,why'd you call me? You're not listening to me. I'm trying to tell you I don't know anything. In fact,all I know is what I don't know. Do me a favor: give the files a look, see if something clicks for you. Anything will help. Anything that will give me a bit of traction. - You want another one? - Oh,no,thanks. No. No,please. I'm sorry. Okay. All right. Apology accepted. Now,would you get out from behind my desk,please? I was drunk,Joe. I was excited. I'm sorry if I did anything to make you feel uncomfortable. You're actually making me a little uncomfortable right now. I'd really... I'd much prefer it if you would just sit in your office so I could sit in mine. Thank you for putting me in that cab last night. You're welcome. I didn't do it for you. I'm sorry I tried to kiss you. I-I'm sorry I tried to touch you. You're not sorry you hit me? I didn't hit you. I pushed you. I pushed you to keep you off me. Obviously,I misjudged you. You're a man who loves his marriage. A man who loves his wife. You tell her? No. What am I going to say? You got drunk and tried to grope me? Look,Meghan, my family's future is tied up in this business. I mean,there's no way that I'm going to let your stupidity compromise that. Or my marriage. Okay. Well,I can see I've totally blown your trust. I get that. And I'm going to make this up to you. You'll see. I'm going to work twice as hard. I'm going to line up banks, big ticket investors. Get us some major R&D money from some energy contractors I've been cultivating. You won't regret going into business with me,Joe. You won't. - If you say so. - I do. Okay. Just do me a favor. Keep your hands to yourself. And drink on your own time. Because if I see you so much as look at me cross-eyed again, - I'm gonna take my idea, all my ideas... - Our ideas. And I'm out of here. I'll go to a judge. I'll do whatever has to be done. Well,let's not get dramatic,Joe. I mean,it's not going to come to that. There's too much money to be made, too much success to be had. I really am sorry. You have my word: it won't happen again. You know,you stare at those too long, you're gonna burn a hole through them. I'm serious. I'm a scientist. I know these things. Sorry. I was trying to help Lee a little; that's all. So,how are things going at Dubois-Doyle Enterprises,LLC? It's kind of weird. You're finally back to work, and you seem to have almost nothing to say about it. Well,there's not a lot to say. What about Meghan? How's it to work with her? Oh,I don't know,Al. I just go to my office, and I try to figure out how to turn my idea from something that's on paper into something that we can show business people. You know,a model, a presentation. She's in her office talking to lawyers and bankers and... You know, it's all very exciting. Hey,when are we gonna have that dinner we talked about? What are you talking about? That dinner that we all talked about last week. You,me,Meghan. - Oh,God. - Whoever she wants to bring. Honestly? I don't know,Al. My sense is that Meghan has a pretty active social life. It may be a while before she can squeeze us in. Really? 'Cause I got the feeling that she was really looking forward to it. Yeah? Well,she can be pretty hard to read sometimes. You're not actually going to light that in here,are you? So you gonna holster that or what? Wait. Don't tell me. This is the part where I'm supposed to say you're good with your hands,right? Baby,you have no idea. Well,that's not something you see much of anymore. What's that? A doctor who smokes. Sagemont Hospital, Physical Rehabilitation. You're a doctor,right? 'Cause that would certainly explain the ego. You don't have to be a doctor to have an ego,dear. You just have to be good. It's been a long time,Curtis. Yeah... I'd be surprised to see me,too. All right,one more time for the slow kid. I don't know if he's a therapist or a hospital administrator, but he definitely works here. Late 40s. I'm guessing like your height. Not great-looking,but he has a way with the ladies. Oh,and he's really good with his hands. I saw him,uh, do this magic trick. And that bartender that he was hitting on, she was at least 20 years younger than he was. So... he certainly doesn't lack for confidence. That's for sure. And there he is. Sir? Detective Lee Scanlon. This is my associate, Allison Dubois. We were wondering if we could ask you a few questions. I'll take that as a "yes." Let's start with your name. Joey. Joey Carmichael. Tell me,Joey, you know someone by the name of Curtis Lambert? No. Why do you want to know? Somebody broke into his house two nights ago, shot him three times. Now he's dead. That's terrible. Yeah,well, the thing of it is,Joey, I was wondering if you could account for your whereabouts two nights ago. Wait a minute. I don't understand. Am I in trouble for something? That's what we're here to find out. - Are these two friends of yours,Joey? - No,they work for the police. They think that I hurt somebody called Curtis Lambert. No. I'm... I'm sorry, do you mean Curtis Lambert, the drug dealer? The guy they've been talking about on TV for the last couple days? Yeah,I'm the lead investigator on the case. We're here to follow up on a tip that Mr. Carmichael might have been involved. - I never hurt anybody. - I know,I know. Why don't you go ahead and get started on your exercises? I need a few minutes to talk to these people. Okay? Look,if this is some sort of joke... This isn't a joke,ma'am. Your friend Joey over there... is a person of interest. Didn't they say that this Curtis Lambert was shot? With a gun? That they broke into his house and did something with his burglar alarm? Yeah,that's right. Well,I'm that man's therapist and I can tell you Joey Carmichael hasn't had full use of his hands-- much less a lot of his brain-- for more than four years now. That's why he comes here. See,that man there... that's a walking miracle. Shot in the head and left for dead. Bullet's still in his brain. I mean,you can go and talk to him if you want, but you'll see he has the mind of a 12-year-old. Okay,decision time. Garbage or Bridgette's lunch tomorrow? Come on,focus. Garbage pail or Bridgette's belly? The clock is ticking. Garbage. Fine. But Bridgette told me to tell you you've got no shot for mother of the year. Someone's in a mood. It was a tough, embarrassing day. Embarrassing? Really? You talking about Scanlon? Come on,Al,he's been to this dance before. He knows that what you do isn't an exact science. Joe,I spent half the day trying to lead him to a high-end professional killer. When we get there,the guy's got a bullet in his brain and looks like he can barely turn a doorknob. Okay. I give you permission to be embarrassed. If you do it in the bedroom,in bed. With your eyes closed. For the last time: Stop with the stupid crying. I mean it. Embarrassing yourself is one thing. Embarrassing me is another. You didn't have to do what you did. You didn't have to beat that kid up. Are you kidding me? After what he did to you? He's lucky I didn't break more than just his jaw. Please. Let me tell the principal I did it. I mean... who's to say it wasn't me? Me. I say it wasn't you. Look... I'm sorry. I know I'm only three minutes older, but that still makes me the big brother. That means I look out for you. Not the other way around. You. You're not supposed to be here, only your brother. Joey Carmichael, if you don't go back to class this very instant... Joey Carmichael. I think he has a twin. - Who's got a twin? - Joey Carmichael. He's got a brother who looks just like him. Okay,here we go. Theodore Carmichael, born 9-19-61. - B and E specialist, by the looks of it. - "B and E"? Breaking and entering. According to this,he started with a few smash-and-grabs in his formative years, then graduated to more sophisticated break-ins in the '80s and '90s. Main suspect in a jewelry store burglary in '04, but never convicted. Guy like this could've gotten by Curtis Lambert's alarm system in his sleep. You think maybe I'm right, that this is the man I saw murder Lambert in my dreams? I'll put it to you this way: I'd sure as hell like to know where he was three nights ago. You are so bad. Oh,sorry,I didn't realize you were in the middle of something. No,no,no. This is good. I'll bet your ears were burning. Terry,this Joe Dubois, the genius I was telling you about. - Joe - Hello. this is Terry Cavanaugh. Terry's the owner of Stratosphere Aeronautics. Pleased to meet you,Joe. Meghan was just telling me all about your new venture. It all sounds promising. Very promising. Well,we're certainly excited. Well,if you'll excuse me. I've got a plane to catch. I'm sure I'll be talking to you both soon. Great presentation, little lady. You have my undivided attention. Mr. Dubois. What was that? Who was that? That? That's the John D. Rockefeller of solar energy. That's the man with the deepest pockets in the world when it comes to alternative fuels. And he's smitten with you,Joe. Your ideas. I told you I was going to work twice as hard. I told you I was going to make it up to you. I don't understand. If he's as important as you say he is, then what's he doing here? Why is he coming to us? Terry and I go way back. We did a lot of business together when I was at Buchanon-Lockhart. I just found out that he was in town this morning and that he had a 30-minute window before he had to fly home. Say... "Nice work,Meghan." Haven't you ever made a mistake? Haven't you ever done something reckless... or stupid... and then had to go back to people who were important to you and say "I'm sorry"? "Give me another chance"? That was Terry Cavanaugh. I don't know how to do better than that. Nice work,Meghan. Shh,shh,keep it down. Keep it down. - It took me half an hour to get the girls to sleep. - Sorry. I've never seen a man so happy about working late every night. What's going on over there at Dubois-Doyle? Any extra employee benefits you want to tell me about? Actually,I think that today we sort of turned a corner. Earlier in the week, I wasn't so sure. - What do you mean? - Oh,I don't know. I think for a while there I was just worried that we weren't going to be the great team that I imagined we would be. And then today... I don't know, we were both,like, firing on all cylinders. She brought in this,like, alternative energy big shot and he really liked my stuff. And I made some really, really good headway on the design for the prototype. I don't know,I think I just caught a glimpse of our future again... and I liked what I saw. I know how difficult... I got to leave town,Joey. I don't know when I'll be back. It could be a while. Actually,it could be long while,but... I didn't want to take off without saying good-bye. So, bye. - What the hell have you gotten yourself into now,Teddy? - Nothing. Just not seeing eye-to-eye with some business partners. And it's a little misunderstanding. I mean,everything's gonna be fine. I promise. Seriously. Hey,Teddy. I've been looking for you all night. What the hell's going on,Teddy? Who is this guy? - Marty,I can explain. - Not to me. Curtis wants to talk to you right now. I'm not going to give you any trouble. Just... just do me a favor, okay? Leave my brother out of this. He didn't do anything. I wish I could do that,Teddy. I really do. No. What,wait! No! How do you like that,Teddy? You don't have any witty comebacks now,huh? Why did you shoot my brother? You didn't... you didn't have to do that. What you blaming us for,man? You should be looking at yourself. The minute you tried to leave town with my money, you put everybody you love in danger. Joey didn't know anything about this. It doesn't matter. You know what? I'm bored with this. End it. Oh,sorry. So,now you're telling me you think Teddy Carmichael's dead. Teddy was executed by the same man who shot Joey in the head, a man who worked for Curtis Lambert. In fact,it happened the same night back in 2004. According to the file, Joey was shot during a routine robbery attempt at his apartment. There's nothing about his brother being executed in here. This was no routine robbery. The man who shot Joey used a silencer. Look at the file. Not one of his neighbors reported hearing a gunshot. Fine. No one heard the gunshot. It wouldn't be the first time. That proves nothing. - What's your point? - I don't know. It's not really about a point. I'm just telling you what I know. I'm just telling you what I saw. I'm just... I'm trying to help you,Lee. I appreciate that,Allison, but honestly... right now you're just confusing me. Two nights ago you saw Teddy Carmichael kill Curtis Lambert. Last night you saw someone who worked for Curtis kill Teddy. Obviously,one of your dreams was wrong. That means the only thing for me to do is focus on the things I know for certain. I got Curtis Lambert's body in the morgue, and I have a suspect in Teddy Carmichael, a man who,as far as the official record's concerned, is very much alive. And I'm gonna keep looking for him until I find out otherwise. In fact... I'm on my way over to see his brother Joey about that very thing right now. If you want to come. I don't understand. You're saying you think Teddy might have hurt this guy? We'd like to ask him some questions. Well, my brother had nothing to do with this. He couldn't have. Teddy lives in Miami now. If he was coming to town, he would've told me. Do you mind if I help? Yeah,thanks. Miami? Do you have a phone number for him? Or an address? No. He moves around a lot. When did Teddy move to Miami? It was a few years ago. it was right around the time that I got hurt. Can you think of the last time that you actually saw your brother since that night? He hasn't come to visit for a long time. Joey,I don't mean to pry. Can you remember anything about the night that you were attacked? Can you remember if Teddy was there? I don't remember anything about that day. My doctor says I probably never will. Well,that's okay,Joey. I'm just confused about one thing. You said you don't have a phone number for your brother. Then how do the two of you keep in touch? He calls me a couple times a week at least. I mean,I just got a message from him yesterday. - Can we hear it? - Yeah. Hey,kid,it's your big brother. Listen,don't get nervous if your check's a day or two late this month,okay? There's a bank holiday this week. So,your doctors told me you're doing great in rehab. I'm really proud of you. I'll check in with you in a couple days,all right? Bye. Teddy looks out for me. He always has. Hey,family guy. It's after 6:00. When are you getting out of here? Is it really? My God,I swear, a minute ago it was 3:30. I must like this job. Well,that makes two of us. So,good news. Terry Cavanaugh invited me to come to Albuquerque. Meet some of their senior people tomorrow. I'm flying out first thing in the morning. I think they're contemplating making a major investment. He really liked what he heard. You know I'm really starting to resent this good mood of yours. Hey,isn't it nice that somebody in this house is happy in their work? Besides,I like being able to pay our bills. Well,that's great, Mr. Sunshine. Why don't you shut off the light and go to bed. I find all this good cheer depressing. Now listen, I know this Scanlon thing has got you frustrated. And I know that this case got you all confused, but I think you're looking at this all wrong. I mean,you ever stop for a minute and, and think about this from the brother's point of view? What are you talking about? I have no idea what you're talking about. The brother. The one that you thought was dead? I mean,I know that you're upset to hear that he's alive, but it's got to be good news to him. Is this a joke? Is that what we're doing now? Jokes? Oh,I'm sorry. I didn't know it was time for the supper show. If I did,I would have made sure to turn the ringer off on my cell phone. You didn't think that was funny? 'Cause I'm just trying to cheer you up. you know they say a good mood is contagious. Yeah,you know what I say? They're wrong. All right. Love you. Yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah. Keep it to yourself. That better not be Coffee Crunch you're eating. You know Coffee Crunch keeps you awake. Come on,Joey,put down the ice cream and go to sleep. You're not going to be at your best until you fall asleep. That's it. Off to dreamland,kiddo. Let your big brother drive for a while. You've reached Joey Carmichael. Please leave me a message. Hey,Joey. It's Teddy. Just wanted you to know, I'm gonna put a little something extra in this month's check. I know our birthday is coming up, ********** I'm sorry I'm late. Got tied up talking to the Miami PD. Teddy Carmichael doesn't have a registered address there, but they're going to run his known aliases and see what turns up. I get a feeling no matter how hard they try, Miami PD isn't going to find him. You said to me the other day one of my dreams had to be wrong. Well,I'm starting to think that both my dreams were right. Teddy Carmichael is dead. And he did kill Curtis Lambert. You aren't saying anything. What's there to say? Come on,you've heard those crazy stories about twins. How some lady in Poughkeepsie knows immediately that her sister in Grand Rapids got hit by a bus. Or how they finish each other's sentences? Or how some of them speak in some secret language when they're kids? And now Teddy is using it to control his brother to,I don't know... possess him. Are you telling me that's how he killed Curtis Lambert? I think that's how he does a lot of things. I think that's how he pays Joey's medical bills. That's how he leaves him messages to let him know he's okay. What are you thinking? I think I'm thinking what you'd expect me to be thinking. I'm sorry,Allison. I know you want to help, but right now, to be honest, we're spending time I don't have on theories I can't use. But I do appreciate it. - I got it. I got it. - Whatever. Hello? Okay,psychic lady, guess what I'm thinking? You're thinking... "Oh,it's almost dinnertime. I'm not home yet. Maybe I should call my wife." It's amazing how you do that. Thing is I'm having kind of a breakthrough here. Oh,really? You ever notice how you always have a breakthrough when it's time to, uh,feed a child, or bathe a child or put a child to bed? Is that true? Hey,maybe,uh,I should always have a dirty,hungry, or sleepy child around. Imagine the new frontiers I'd be able to conquer. Sorry. Oh,it's okay. It'll be my turn one night. You don't want to do that. The food'll just sit in your gut all night. You'll never get back to sleep. Sorry if I frightened you. What do you want? I want to make you a proposition. What kind of proposition? You stop telling people about my brother and me, about how I can do whaI do, and I'll stop doing it. What are you saying? You're planning on doing more? You already killed the man who ordered your brother's attack, who ordered your execution. But not the man who pulled the trigger. Not yet. So,what do you say? You stop trying to convince the police about Joey and me, and I'll give you my word nothing will happen to that guy. I don't believe you. You are... you're... you're filled with anger. You are filled with vengeance. I can... I can feel it from here. I never said there wouldn't be vengeance. I just said I wouldn't kill him. You're going to send him to jail for me. For the rest of his life. I am? For what? For murdering me,of course. After he shot me that night, he buried me. I can show you exactly where. You dig me up,you're going to find bullets in my body that match the gun that he's still using. So do we have a deal, Mrs. Dubois? That's my husband. What are you doing up at this hour? Uh,just... I couldn't sleep. Missed me,huh? Well,don't worry. You'll sleep. I'm tired enough for the two of us. I'll be right in. Teddy,if you can hear me...I'm in. I don't understand. This can't be Teddy. That's... That's not Teddy. I'm sorry,Mr. Carmichael, but that is your brother. But he calls me, sends me money every month. But he doesn't really call you. I mean,think about it. You haven't had a real conversation in a very long time. He leaves you messages,recordings. Joey, your brother loved you very much. But given the kind of life that he was leading, we think that he knew something was about to happen to him. So he... he put a system into place-- the checks, the recordings-- to take care of you in case the worst happened. I'm sure this is of little comfort to you at this moment, Mr. Carmichael, but we do have a suspect in custody. His name's Martin Gibbons. He worked for a man named Curtis Lambert. We have very strong evidence to believe that he's the man who may have killed Teddy. He always looked after me, you know? Who's going to look after me now? "Sorry we keep missing each other, "though I suspect I miss you more. "Terry Cavanaugh is a true believer "and that has made me realize "that we are not just each other's futures... "we are each other's destinies. Back soon. Meghan." Has anyone seen Princess Marie? I'm looking everywhere for her. I've come to rescue her. I'm right here. Hang on a second. Uh,I will return to rescue you after I talk to the dragon on the phone. Hello? Sorry to bother you at home,Allison, but I wanted you to hear this before it landed on the evening news. Martin Gibbons was released a half an hour ago; he made bail. I thought the bullets in Teddy's corpse matched his gun. The preliminary tests say they do, but we won't have the final results for about a day and his lawyer was able to leverage that for bail. I'm no happier about this guy sleeping in his own bed tonight than you are, but believe me, this case is as good as closed. We are going to put this guy away. Well,I hope you do it soon. I gave my word to someone that Gibbons was going to get what he deserves. - Why are frogs so happy? - I don't know. 'Cause they eat whatever bugs them. - Why did the frog say "meow"? - I don't know. He was learning a foreign language. Mm,hey, you're just in time. Let me get you a plate. I need to speak to you. What is this? What am I looking at? Why are you showing me this? It's from Meghan. It's a robe. It's a cashmere robe. I called the store. It cost $2,200. I don't care how much it costs. What is she doing buying you a robe? I don't know. Uh,I can't reach her,Allison. I think she's on a plane. Yeah? Well, I hope it crashes. Now,listen, Allison... And what do you mean "you don't know"? You're telling me you just work with someone every day and then suddenly, out of nowhere,out of the blue, they buy you a $2,200 robe? Well,hold on. Hold on a second. Wait. Come on,I swear to God, there's nothing going on. All right,it's crazy. She's crazy! The other night I'm working in my office, late,on my own, and she walks in,she's all drunk off her ass, she leaves her boyfriend to tell me that... The patent is clear. I know! I don't want to hear it! I don't need to hear it! I already dreamt it! I saw it all! You did? Then why didn't you tell me? No! That is not the question! The question is why didn't you tell me? When it happened, why didn't you tell me? Oh,jeez. For a minute there I thought I was looking at a ghost. I remember you now. You're Teddy's brother,right? Well,listen, I don't know what you've been hearing on the news, but I had nothing to do with what happened to your brother. He was a good guy. I liked Teddy. So,Joey,you just gonna stand there all night, or you actually have something to say? Lee. You already heard,huh? Guess he wasn't too happy about his brother's killer making bail. Did you talk to him? No,I tried, but he wouldn't say a word. Honestly,we don't really need him to answer our questions. He did what he did in front of a restaurant full of eyewitnesses. I should be going,Allison. Let's talk in the morning,okay? You're upset, aren't you? Don't be. Oh,don't be upset? You want me to not be upset? Then why did you do it? I'm afraid you're mistaken, Mrs. Dubois. I didn't do anything. What happened at that restaurant tonight was all Joey. I-I didn't have anything to do with it. I don't believe you. You're lying. I wish I was. I guess Joey thought that he was looking out for me this time. Listen,I've to go, but like I said, you don't have to be upset. Truth is, Joey's not going to spend one single second in prison, I promise you. What are you talking about? I'm going to take over. Do his stretch in prison. Keep him safe. When he finally gets out,it'll be like he took a long nap. That's very nice. We're talking about murder. What if he gets life? That's not gonna happen. You see,Joey killed the man who killed his brother. A jury's bound to have some sympathy for that. And besides,when they get a look at his condition... let's just say I think the court's gonna be merciful. Do you think that... or do you know that? Nancy Fong is live at the scene as murder suspect Joseph Carmichael is transferred to McCarren State Penitentiary, where he'll await arraignment. Mr. Carmichael,rumor has it that the district attorney is planning to seek the maximum sentence. Do you have a comment? Well,honestly, I'm not so scared of prison. I think it'll be just like taking a long nap. Please don't wake the girls. I don't know how much you dreamt... I don't know what you saw... but nothing happened. I wouldn't let anything happen. I could never let anything happen. You are everything to me. I'm going to go in there in the morning. I'm going to tell her there's no company. Not with me in it. I'll have another idea. I'll find another partner. Best-laid plans,huh? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-