but it's been four nights in a row now, and frankly, my family is starting to lose it. We just got a call. Apparently, he struck again. He takes their hearts. Carves it right out of their chest. Doesn't have anything to do with sex. It's biblical. They called an ambulance for Mr. Push sometime after 3:00 this morning. You came to visit me in my bedroom. It was around 3:30 in the morning. I thought that I was dreaming. Alison, they're related. You must have died for a minute or two. What's related? The murders, the victims, the ones he chooses. It's not random. According to their DNA markers, both women have the same father. Look what Daddy brought. I'm uncorking that at 9:15. Shall we synchronize our watches? Just go. I want you to forget about all this. I want you to concentrate on getting better. Sorry I'm late. So, how did it go with the kids? Hello? Alison? Ken Push. Let's get some rest. And I'll see you soon, okay? Not if I don't see you first... okay? Okay. Bye. "Prepare slaughter for his children "for the iniquity of their fathers, "that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities." Isaiah, Book 23, Chapter 14, Verse 21. He's baaaaack. He's broke. Do I have to? Don't you have ten of these on file already? Well, just sign it. I'll fill out the rest. You want a dirty magazine? Uh, actually... I want you. I can't believe I'm doing this. I'm going to lose my job. No, you won't. You're helping to make some poor, childless couple happy. No one could fire you for that. Well, if you're just going to sit there, you better hand me one of those magazines. Okay. But no touching. - Hi.|- Hey. Any dreams? Hmm-mm. So, you ready for what's next? That's the spirit. But I don't understand. You didn't go to France to make it, so why do they call it French toast? They didn't go to France to get French fries, either. Idiot. - Hi.|- Hey. Uh-uh. What kind of talk is that on the first day of school? Sixth graders do not call people idiots. French toast, French fries, French vanilla ice cream-- they were all invented in France. The original recipes came from France. What about French kissing? Oh, that-- uh, that was invented here. By me. All right, so I'm out of here. - You got school covered? - Yes, I do. Dropping off, picking up-- covered, covered, covered. And we're going shopping for school supplies. Okay, you know I got that thing at 5:00, right? Thing at 5:00. School supplies. 7:00, dinner. Done. It's not personal, you know. I know. Believe me, no one wants to put you back to work more than I do. In fact, I'd gladly go out and kill someone myself if I thought I could get away with it. But right now, thankfully, Phoenix is quiet. You want to go through the cold case files? That's probably good for a day's pay. I did that last week. So, anything new on the Phantom? Allison, what "new" are you expecting? Look... I'm as frustrated as you are. Once we figured out that the victims were related because their father was the same anonymous sperm donor, I thought we were 70% of the way there. Unfortunately, all the sperm donations were made in the '80s, and both facilities both here and in Texas, are long since out of business. But there have to be records for health reasons. Oh, there are. We think. We hope. The FBI assures me that there are agents poring through bankruptcy court filings in both states trying to unearth the location of any relevant medical archives. The good news is whoever he is, whatever he wanted, it... seems to be over. It seems to have stopped. It happened just like he said it would. What did Captain Push call it-- a storm? Three kids dead, eight days, then... it was gone. Any more dreams? Not since May. Nothing since May. How's he doing? He's the same. Say hi for me, will you? Well, the Houston Astros won again, 6-4 against the Cardinals. There's still rain in the Panhandle. Oh, uh, the governor called you yesterday. He wanted you to know his thoughts were with you. You're a damn ignoramus, you know that, Kenneth Push? Cutting those wires so, what? Huh? So you could tell me he was a sperm donor?! That was the big news?! That that's how they were all related?! That was worth trying to kill yourself for?! Well, we got that! Two days later, the victims' mothers told us that. And now, look at you: here you are-- nowhere. In a coma. You're no use to anybody. Whose idea was it for you to seek therapy? I told you. My wife and I went through a difficult period a couple of months ago. Once things cooled down and we talked about what had happened, it was one of the promises that I made. We each... made promises. And what did she promise? I don't know. Uh... be more considerate, mostly. Of who? Of what? Of me, I guess... mostly. And how long ago was this? Uh, three months or so; just before the summer. What took you so long to get in here? I don't know. It was summer. The weeks got away from me, and when I finally did call, you were on vacation. So, what does that make me, Doc-- bipolar, codependent, manic-depressive? Homosexual. Is your wife typically inconsiderate of you? Typically, my wife is anything but inconsiderate. If anything, she suffers from an overabundance of empathy. It's a kind of disease with her. She experiences it with almost everyone she encounters: friends and neighbors, strangers. Dead people. And how do you account for this lapse? Lapse? Well, you said you made some sort of bargain. She'd be more considerate; you'd go into therapy. I'm guessing her excessive empathy was not in evidence when whatever it was that happened to precipitate the bargain... happened. You know what? It was nothing. It was stupid. I acted like an ass, to be perfectly honest with you. Tell me. There's nothing to tell. It was... Her work got intense. She was home less and less. One night, we made a plan; she didn't make it. She didn't call, and I got angry. But in the scheme of things, it really, it was no big deal. She didn't even call? No. Oh, you know, it sounds profoundly inconsiderate to me. What is your wife? Is she a brain surgeon? Was she in surgery or something? No, she, uh, she works as a legal consultant. I don't know. That sounds profoundly inconsiderate to me. No, you're misunderstanding... Well, that's our session for today. Terrific meeting you, Mr. Bourgeois. "Mr. Bourgeois"? Inspires a lot of confidence, don't you think? So what else did he say? I don't remember. Nothing important. Did you tell him about me? Why, you think you're important? Obviously you were a big part of the conversation. But you didn't tell him...? About your secret? How you came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Shut up. If you don't want to go anymore, you don't have to go anymore. I mean, it seems kind of silly now. We're still here. Everything's good. Least I think it is. Is it? I mean, it is for me. I just, I can't help but wonder about you. You mean because of the dreams? I mean all of it. You're not working. You're not dreaming. But I'm fine. I'm really fine. Okay. I don't know. Maybe I'll cancel next week. I don't know. Are you sure he didn't say anything about me? Actually, he did. He said you sounded like you were profoundly beautiful. "Profoundly beautiful." I like that. Who pees first? Oh, my God. It's my birthday. And it's my apartment, so, obviously, I pee first. But I'm older, and I actually drank more than you, and besides, it's past midnight, so it's not your birthday anymore. So, keep your cool, cross your legs, and before you know it, it will be your turn. Hurry up! I'm don't want to fall asleep and wet the bed! I don't want to alarm you, but I actually peed a couple of swizzle sticks. Don't worry. They flushed fine. Didn't stop up your commode, or anything. Hey, you don't mind if I take a moment and wash my hands, do you? You have nothing but time, right? Ya-da-dee, ya-da-di... Hey, your teeth floating yet? All right, it's your 18th birthday. I guess I can let you void your pretty little self. Hey. Chris, the, uh, the door is stuck. Chris, not funny. Open the door! Chris? Chris! At the top of our news, the apparent abduction of Christina... I'm hearing it for the first time right now. ...returned home from an 18th birthday celebration. Lovel, who, according to her boyfriend, was snatched sometime after 1:00 in the morning after her abductor locked him in the bathroom... Hey, hey, hey. What's going on there?! It's not my fault. She didn't say when. No, I would love to meet you at the crime scene. It's just that school just started again, and I'm not dressed. I... It's Devalos. He and Scanlon are meeting at the crime scene in half an hour, and he was wondering if I could get down there. I've got a project briefing at 8:45. No way I can get there before 10:00. He's got to be in court at 10:00. Mommy didn't finish covering my books last night, and she promised. That's not fair. No, that's not going to fly. You don't know my husband. Okay, Detective Scanlon said that if you can drop the kids off at school, he'll send a police car to pick me up in 20 minutes. And he says if you won't pick up the kids, he will send three police cars with their sirens blaring to pick me up in 20 minutes. What? Go ahead. Throw on some clothes. I'll make some calls. I'll make it work somehow. - Are you sure? - Sure, I'm sure. What choice do I have? You're obviously profoundly... happy. With all due respect, my dear, you, me, the police department, and yes, even His Honor the Mayor, are now at the mercy of the FBI and the federal bankruptcy courts, so if you would kindly take a second and get your pointy shoes out of my ass, perhaps we could strategize as to what we're going to do to get those two august bodies to speed this thing along. What you looking at? Why don't you come over here and see for yourself? Nice to see you. What's it been, a couple months? Thought maybe you quit the business. Nope. Business quit me. You know how it is: you can't find a good violent crime when you need one. So, what makes everybody so sure this has anything to do with The Phant... Isaiah. There he be. Didn't even notice till ten minutes ago when I switched on the light. You know what stinks? People are dying? That goes without saying, but what really stinks is the way this guy keeps making asses out of us. We can't figure out who he is. We can't find his records, but he's found them. Somewhere along the way, he found them, and was able to get the name and address of every child he fathered. Tell me you had a dream. Tell me you can unwind this thing. Actually, I haven't had a dream in months. It's like it's all stopped up in there or something. I don't know. Is there a bathroom I can use without destroying any evidence? You all right? Yeah, I'm just... The crime scene boys took over a vacant apartment at the end of the hall. Suddenly, I just... Ms. Dubois, can you hear me? Ms. Dubois? Can one of your cars take me over to St. Christopher's Hospital right away? You all right? No, it's not me. It's Captain Push. I think he might be dead. My name's Allison Dubois. I'm with the District Attorney's office. I've been calling for the last hour on the condition of Captain Kenneth Push. Who are you, family? Please, just tell me. I'm sorry, miss, unless you're family... I... wait! He's not in there. Mrs. Dubois? Mrs. Dubois? Don't cry. There's no reason to cry. How can you say that? Because I'm dead, and everything that matters-- matters to me, anyway-- I can see. I know how it works out. I know how it all works out. You do, huh? Oh, you see everything, you know everything? Well... do you know this? Do you know that I hate what you've done to yourself? Do you know that I hate what you've done to me? One, two, three. Sorry. Here you go, Captain. That's nice. Nice and clean. Teeth brushed, face shaved. I don't understand. You're not dead? Well, he's not... but I am. I don't understand. How is that possible? Well, I smoked too much, drank too much, lived too hard, but my son... Your s... your son? You're Captain Push's father? Yes, ma'am. Oh, wow. I thought you knew that this morning in the bathroom. That was you? So... he's not dead? No, ma'am. You know... ...when you die, ain't much else to do but watch your own. So, when he cut them wires... I was waiting for him. I was there when he saw what he saw and tried to tell you about it. When he tried to send you his dream. Yeah, I got that. I got his dream. It was worthless. The whole thing has been worthless, a waste of a really great life. That's not true. And that's what I'm here to tell you about. The waste was yours. You didn't dream the whole dream. You cut it off. You put yourself in it. You were too preoccupied with what was going on in your own life to see what he was trying to show you. You'd have seen you're chasing the wrong man. What, what are you talking about-- "the wrong man"? Do you know who he is? No. They brought him back to life before he had a chance to tell me, but... even if I knew, it's not for me to say. He's the one trying to talk to you. You got to dream the dream. I can't. I haven't dreamt in months. And you won't ever again... unless you finish it. You got to finish it. You got to dream it. The wrong man? I know it's not what you want to hear. DiNovi, Lynn DiNovi. And I've been on hold for 20 minutes. I understand that the Director of the Bureau is a very busy man, but I've got the District Attorney of Phoenix standing here, and he's about to be summoned to court. A message you can slip him? Sure. Tell him we've got a guy running around here cutting out people's hearts, and we were wondering if he has a suggestion as to what we could use to get the bloodstains out of the sidewalk. You wouldn't happen to know who the right man is, would you? Not specifically, no. Allison, the mayor, the governor, the chief of police-- every branch of government is putting pressure on the FBI to find those records and get us a name-- the name of the man who fathered those children. I'm aware of all that. "Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers": that's the message the killer leaves at the scene of every murder. I know. I've been at the scene of almost every murder. Then think about what you're saying. The only thing these victims have in common in that they were fathered by the same man; that's it. Now, you tell me: who else could it be? I don't know. Allison, people are hysterical; the media's gone crazy; the city's in a panic; I'm sorry, but I'm not going to call the powers that be and tell them to disregard the one lead-- the only lead-- that we have. And I like Mr. Grusten, but I don't like Mrs. Laker. And I like Ms. Villa, but I'm not sure about Ms. Fritz. Boy, you sure have a lot of teachers. It's the sixth grade. Everyone has a lot of teachers in sixth grade. Well, you can't argue with that. Don't let the bedbugs bite. - Daddy?|- Yes? I don't understand. I'm in the sixth grade. Why am I going to bed the same time as a first grader? Hey, it's not my fault I'm in first grade. I got born late. Uh, Mom? Well, that is an excellent question. I know. But I think Dad and I need to sleep on it. It's only 8:00. I don't think letting her stay up till 8:30... Well, see, look. Looks like you already have Dad in your corner. Yeah. - Night.|- Night. Do you want to tell me what just happened in there? Nothing happened in there. An 11-year-old girl just asked her parents for a later bedtime, and her mother said she'd like to sleep on it. And what is it you're doing right now? I am getting ready to sleep on it. Uh, this, this, like, this rush to bed-- this... wouldn't have anything to do with me, would it? Oh, yes, oh, my, yes. Mm-hmm. Aren't you forgetting something? No. I brushed. No. I meant, uh... me. Captain Push's late father came to visit me today. He told me that I completely misread the dream that his son risked his life trying to send me; that I didn't finish it; that if I ever hoped to find out who the Phoenix Phantom was, if I ever hoped to dream again... then I needed to re-dream Captain Push's dream. I needed to finish it. And you want that? They're looking for the wrong man, Joe. As long as they're looking for the wrong man, there's a possibility somebody else might die. Okay, that wasn't what I asked you. When that phone rang this morning, and you heard that they wanted you at the crime scene, you were positively giddy. You know that? Why do you look so disappointed? I saw the shrink. He kept trying to tell me you were profoundly selfish. Not profoundly beautiful. But I don't know. I think it's me. I like it better when you're all mine. When the girls and I don't have to share you with your dreams, with the cops... with... You think that makes me  profoundly selfish? Come here. Hold me. Help me dream. He's baaaaack. I can't believe I'm doing this. I'm going to lose my job. No, you won't. You're helping to make some poor, childless couple happy. No one could fire you for that. If you're going to just sit there, you better hand me one of those magazines. Okay... but no touching. You're crazy, you know that? That church is making you crazy. I mean... you're my wife. It's not about that. I know what it's about. It's safe. It's perfectly safe. I read about it. We can do... whatever. We can do anything. I can't help it. I love this baby. I don't want anything to happen to this baby. Nothing's going to happen. How do you think the baby got here in the first place? Forget that. Let's just do this. Just finish what you're doing. Come on. We need the money. Don't you hear that? It's for you. Mmm. Hello? Allison, hi, it's Manuel Devalos. I'm very sorry to wake you in middle of the night. We found the body of Christina Lovel. He hung it from a freeway overpass. Painted the word "Isaiah" with her blood all along the trestle. Oh, I'm so sorry. That's not all. The FBI finally called. Oh, my God, that's great. That's really, really great. Did you find him? Did you get him? Uh, we... found him. Soon as we had a name, we found him. The only thing is... he's been dead since 1997. I met your dad. Seemed like a nice man. You want some light? There you go. I'll sit down. But no touching. You're crazy, you know that? That church is making you crazy. I mean... you're my wife. It's not about that. I know what it's about. It's safe. It's perfectly safe. I read about it. We can do... whatever. We can do anything. I can't help it. I love this baby. I don't want anything to happen to this baby. Nothing's going to happen. How do you think the baby got here in the first place? Forget that. Let's just do this. Just finish what you're doing. Come on. We need the money. What are you doing? I'm getting out of here. What do you mean you're getting out of here? How are we going to pay the rent? Don't know. Don't care. I'm going back home to Texas. I want a divorce. Uh... a divorce? You can't get a divorce. We're having a baby. It's 1983, darling. Anyone can get a divorce. Oh, my God. You are the man my daddy said you were. You would do that? You would leave me? You would leave us? No, no-no, no, no, no, no. You walk out that door, and you will live to regret it. I will bring up this child to hate you. Anything you accomplish, he will undo. Anything you build up, he will tear down. Anything you bring into this world, he will take out. Oh, my God. Sun. Sun. Oh, my God. He's talking! He's moving! Sun. Natural sun. The sun! The sun woke him! It was bothering him. No. Not the light. Uh, the son. His child. His son. His natural son. Michael Rooker of Abilene, Texas is listed as the birth father to a boy born to Catherine Rooker, originally Catherine Naylor, in 1983. Turns out Isaiah Rooker was born right here in Phoenix. >From everything we can tell, he never attended a public school, never obtained a driver's license, never registered for the draft, never received a Social Security card, a library card, a credit card, or any other kind of card. For all intents and purposes, the natural son-- the only son-- the only child to carry Michael Rooker's name might just as well not exist. Wait a second. How is that possible? It's possible... if you were brought up to do one thing-- destroy every trace of your father-- slaughter every child he might have helped create. Which brings us to our next problem. This is the list from the FBI of every child they believe was born from the issue of Michael Rooker. There's one name left. Her name's Bella Kayne. She turned 18 two days ago. Right now, she's in protective custody, but we can't keep her there forever. Since we have no idea what this guy looks like, where he lives, where he works... it's not like we can just go pick him up. If I knew how to identify him, or at least someone who could identify him, I'd ask this young woman to come out of hiding just long enough to lure him out into the open, but... since there's absolutely nobody who knows who he is or even what he looks like, it's... Mr. District Attorney, I'm not so sure that's true. Once you explained it was his natural son, everything just fell into place. That was today? That was this morning? I was still coming out of the fog. I had no recollection of that. It's like, uh... like I laid down for a nap in May... and woke up three hours ago. You don't remember anything? You know he's still out there. And you're the only one who's seen him. What do you mean? You're the only one who knows what he looks like. But I don't. Yeah, you do. In that moment when you were dead, in that moment when you could see everything... I'm betting that you saw this boy. I'm betting that he's locked up in there somewhere. He's not locked anywhere. I was in a coma. I was gone. Now I'm getting back. I'm just praying I didn't lose any luggage on the trip. Can I help you find this killer... Mrs. Dubois? When I'm finished here, I'm just hoping I can find my way home. Bella Kayne works at the Sun Desert Arena. She has since she was 16. After graduating high school last June, she became assistant manager in charge of arena concessions. She's responsible for the operations on the "F" corridor. During a game like today's, over 1,300 individuals cross through this corridor at one time or another. Fully 17% of those fit the profile of our guy. What Miss Kayne has very bravely agreed to do is to return to work today in order to help us draw Isaiah out. We'll have armed, plain-clothed officers from all your jurisdictions-- city, state, and federal-- posing as concession workers in these eight positions. Additionally, we're adding extra surveillance cameras to capture images for later study should our guy show up but decide not to act. But how can we be certain he'll even show? We can't. Can't be certain he'll show. Can't be certain if he shows, we'll know who he is. Can't be certain of much. You can say that again. Everybody understand what we're looking for tonight? White male, 22 years old. Well, now that you narrowed it down for us... I'm sorry. This doesn't sit right. What do you mean? He's a grabber. He snatches them, and he takes them away and cuts their hearts out. How the hell is he gonna do that here in front of hundreds of people? Is that chick from the mayor's office with you right now? Chick here. Sorry. Just wondering if you were able to run that little errand we discussed? Leaking the girl's home address to the press? Yeah, about 45 minutes ago. Good. Keep them out of our hair, just in case our killer was still hoping to grab her at home. Maybe it'll encourage him to come visit her at work instead. Hey. Do you actually know all those guys out there? I see a lot of unfamiliar faces out there. Makes me a little nervous being surrounded by so many strangers with guns. I know. I don't know half of them. We got some state guys, couple of feds. How's Captain Push doing? Thirsty. Skeptical. Eyes up, people. Lee, what's going on in there?: We may have a live one. Allison, does anyone over there have any feelings about what we're looking at? Does he look familiar? Hmm. Reminds me of my Uncle Ned. Everybody, relax. It's nothing. That's the game! Great game. Yeah, who played? What do we do now? Well, I guess we need to get this young lady back into protective custody. Miss Kayne, I'm sorry tonight was all for naught, but that doesn't change the fact that what you did here was very, very brave. Will you bring the car around for Miss Kayne and get an escort up to the F Level. So... what does this mean-- "back to protective custody"? Back to the hotel? I'm afraid so. When is it that you're scheduled to work next? Um, there's a game two nights from now. Cool. $5.15 an hour, all the pop I can drink-- - I'll be here. - You can count me in, too. Excuse me. We've got a car waiting for Miss Kayne down below. We'll talk tomorrow... Pleasure to meet you. Officer. Hey! Officer! Captain Push? Hey! Isaiah! We got an officer down. Are you all right? Never better. Never better. You knew. You knew 'cause you saw him. You knew exactly what he looked like... - No.|- ...cause you saw him when you cut those wires. No, I knew because, unlike the rest of you up there at five or six feet, I'm down here, and I just happened to notice he was wearing a pair of high-top sneakers under that uniform. And as he was walking away, I started thinking, "What sort of peace officer wears high-top sneakers?" And that was all I was gonna ask him the first two times I called to him. Sorry. Had nothing to do with dying. Just an old law man doing his old law man thing. I think you're back, Captain Push. And I do believe all your luggage made the trip just fine. - Hey.|- Hey. Any dreams? Mm-hmm. Yeah, me, too. So you ready for what's next?