ddddddddd eeeeeeee ffffffff gggggggg hhhhhhhh ccccccccc ddddddddd eeeeeeeeee ffffffffff ggggggggg eeeeeeeee ddddd qqqqqqq ffffffffff ggggggggggggggg ffff xxxxxxx dddddddddddddddd aaaaaaaa -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-ÎÒÊÇÈç´Ë½ÃÇé -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Medium Season 3 Episode 7 That shows too much booby. What? It does. Mom would never let you wear that. I told you,I don't want that one,I'm looking for something special. Good morning,my tribe.Who wants pancakes? Me! Me,too. What's the occasion? It's a lazy Sunday morning,and I feel like making pancakes. JOE: Well,suddenly,I feel like making bacon. ARIEL: That's it!I found my dress. What dress? That I'm going to wear to the Spring Fling. Isn't it beautiful?Isn't it just to die? It is. That is just to die. But I thought you weren't going to the dance. I thought Wyatt Forrester asked Crystal Beckman and you'd sworn off dances forever. What could have possibly changed between now and last night? She had a dream. No kidding. What do you mean?What kind of dream? I dreamed that Wyatt and I were at the dance, and I was wearing this dress, and we talked and drank punch and had the best time. And then... when they announced king and queen,it was Wyatt and me. And we got on the stage,and somebody handed me a big bouquet of flowers,and put a crown on my head. And buckets of rose petals fell from the ceiling. We were covered in them. It was so magical. Well,that sounds like a lovely dream,sweetheart. Okay,pancake time. Wait! See,when I woke up, it didn't feel like a regular dream. It felt like one of those dreams. You know... special. And now,I think maybe Wyatt's going to ask me to the dance, and after all,I need to be ready, and I need to have this dress. Okay,Ariel-- and I'm not saying you are--but what if you're mistaken about this dream? What if Wyatt doesn't ask you to the dance? That looks like a pretty expensive dress to just have hanging unworn in your closet,sweetheart. But... if I don't go,we can take it back. And can't we just look at the dress,just in case? And it says in the ad it's at Your Perfect Day Bridal Salon, and that's right next to Fashion Square. -Okaywe'll go look. -Now? -Now,I'm making pancakes. -But suppose someone goes in and buys it. I'll take you to see it right after breakfast. -But,Mom-- -Zip. Sit. Go. Now. Really,Mom,don't you think it's the prettiest dress ever? It's the prettiest ever. Before you get too attached,how much? Only... $148. Great,well,you can wear it to every dance you ever attend, then you can pass it on to Bridgette,then Marie, and then I'll be buried in it. Thanks,Mom. I'm going to go try it on. Hello? Hello? Hello? Is anyone back there? I have an eager 13-year-old ready to take that little pink chiffon number off your hands. Hello? Oh,my... Mom,where are you?It fits perfectly! Ariel! -Ariel,stay where you are. -Mom! Come with me. Mom,what are you doing? Ariel,you said that the front door was open,right? We just went right in. The door to the back of the shop was open,too. Do you know who they are yet? Patty and Claire Chase,mother and daughter. Patty owned the shop,and according to nearby merchants, Claire used to help out afternoons and weekends. Last night,we're thinking right around closing time, someone came in and shot them both. Was it a robbery? No money was taken from the cash register. Nothing else was disturbed. Looks like the whole point was just to kill these two women. Those were the two dead bodies they were taking out of there,weren't they? The woman who owned the shop,and her daughter. And they were shot? Ariel... Why can't I know? Yes,they were shot. How old was she? The girl,I mean. Fourteen. Come in. Hey,kiddo. Hi,sweetie. -Mom... -Yes,sweetie? What am I supposed to do with the dress? I mean,I can't keep it or anything. I don't want to,obviously. And we didn't pay for it,so... I'll take it to work with me tomorrow.Someone there will figure out how we should handle it. Good night. Good night. Good night,honey. So I guess she's holding up all right. How about you? I'm a mess.Can't you tell? Here's what I keep telling myself: Ariel didn't see the bodies in that room. She didn't see any of the blood.I just keep telling myself maybe without all those terrible images in her head, she'll put all this behind her quicker than we think. At least that's what I keep telling myself. So what about you? Do you still have those images in your head? Unfortunately,my head is so crammed with terrible images, I feel like I should open a library and start lending them out. I'll be okay. If she's okay,I'm okay. Bad dream? Just more terrible images for the lending library in my head. Mom,open the door! Mom! Mom! Mom...! Hey,darlin'. You're up early. I guess. What are you working on? History. I've got a test on Friday. You're,uh... studying on Monday for a test you have on Friday? I couldn't sleep,okay? Okay. You want to talk about it? No. I was thinking of making some cinnamon toast. Would you like that? No,not really. Well,there must be something I can make you. Can you make time speed up? Can you make me already be at school,laughing with my friends instead of sitting here thinking about stuff that I really don't want to be thinking about? Or even better,can you go back and make yesterday not happen? No. I can't do that. Then I guess there's really nothing you can do for me. Okay. Well,if it isn't the famous Ariel Dubois. Famous?What does that mean? You didn't see the paper? It's all over the front page. The murders in that dress shop. You and your mom finding the bodies. My name was in the paper? -Big as life. -Great. So,was it scary?Was there a ton of blood and guts? you know,it was really my mom who found them and I don't really want to talk about it,if that's okay. Sure,whatever. So,has Wyatt finally asked you to the Spring Fling or what? Why would he ask me?You already told me that he was going with Crystal. Didn't you hear?They had a fight. He's still looking for a date,and I hear you're number one on his list of possibles. Great.I still don't have anything to wear. -You better find something quick,'cause here comes Wyatt. -What? Hey,Ariel. Oh,hey,Wyatt. -Bye,Ariel. -Hi,Wyatt. You heading this way? Yeah; English with Mr. Harper. Oh,I had him last year. Did he make you act out a scene from a famous novel yet? No,not yet. Um,but I think that's next month. Yeah,ours was pretty funny. Eric Anderson did  <i>Catcher in the Rye,</i>but he played Phoebe. Are you okay? What? I'm fine. Are you sure? You seem kind of distracted. No. Not distracted. I'm fine. Well,I... I guess I better get back to class. I'll see you around,okay? He came in through the back door. Are we talking about what I think we're talking about? And I take it that this information came to you... last night. He came in through the back.He found Patty Chase crying in the sewing room. Everything happened really fast. Patty turned around,and he just... started shooting.He just kept shooting until she was dead. That pretty much corroborates what forensics told us. The killer did his job and split. Wasn't polite enough to stick around and leave us any useful fibers or fingerprints. I'm guessing that doesn't leave us any suspects. (sighs) So far,not a one. Found out Claire's father,Patty's husband,died three years ago. Patty's friends say she hadn't started dating again, so no angry ex-husbands or boyfriends in the picture. No enemies to speak of.Not a whole lot for us to work with. Yeah,my mom's got me helping out today for a couple hours. She's out with her "mystery man" again. No,I haven't met him yet. She won't even admit she's dating somebody.It's,like,whatever. She's having sex.Big deal. No,it's okay. And it's,like,the only time I can get on the computer without her hanging over my shoulder,you know? Hang on.Hi,can I help you? Um,yeah,I'm here to pick up my wedding dress. I had it altered and somebody,uh-- I think her name was Patty--she said I could pick it up today. The name's Janet. Oh,right. Did you want to try it on,just to make sure it fits? Um... yeah,sure,okay. Okay,I'm back. Yeah,I got three messages from Brady,but it's all real casual.I don't think he's gonna-- That weird guy is IM'ing me again. He keeps saying he wants to meet me at Fashion Square and see a movie. God,like I really believe he's 15.He's probably,you know,30. You're crazy. Okay,but if anything goes wrong  and I get in trouble with my mom,I'm totally blaming you. "Hey,Shred182,you sound really kewl. "Let's meet. Food court. 4:30.See ya!" How long do you think he'll sit there before he figures out he's been stood up? Hey,I got to go. You look really nice. Do I? Yeah,I love that dress.That's one of my favorites. Really? You want it? Because you... you can have it. I don't really think I'm going to need it after all. The thing is,I don't... I don't know how to get out of this. Have any advice?Any tips you can offer on how I'm supposed to tell my fianc? I'm just not that into him? Because I think a fresh start is in order for me. I think about 3,000 miles between he and I is called for,you know? Starting right now. That's my mom.I'm gonna go get her. You do that. Tell her I... I want to return the dress. Mom,there is a girl out there,completely freaking. She pulled off her dress and she's... Mom,what happened? It's okay. Don't be upset. Oh,my God. Did your boyfriend do that? I don't have a... Don't lie to me. Please. Okay. I broke up with him. I think this was his parting gift to me. But look,he's gone now and he's not coming back,so... let's just forget him.Okay? Mom? Can you come out here,please? Can you come out here,please? Mom? Mom,please? What's going on back there? Ariel,is something the matter? I'm fine. Really. She won't leave me alone. Who won't? I'm guessing the girl who died yesterday. I'm having dreams about her. Scary,awful dreams about her murder. What am I supposed to do about it? I don't know. I don't have a good answer to that question. I've struggled with that same thing my whole life. Great. Her mom has this boyfriend. Doesn't seem very nice. I think he may have hit her once. This is great.Honey,thank you. I'll call Detective Scanlon and let him know. -If you have any other dreams... -I don't want any more dreams. I just want for all of this to go away. I want a normal life. I want to be normal. You are normal. Right. You should've never had children. Not when you knew there was a chance they'd be like you. All locked up. Did Ariel say "good night"? Just not to me. She'll come around.Give her time. What if she doesn't? She will. Hey,it's me.When are you gonna be home? Okay,but come straight home after practice.No dawdling with the friends,okay? Did you,uh,change your Friend Section password? Claire,come on,we agreed you could have the page as long as I have unrestricted access. The password,please. Invasive? Yeah,that's cute. Thank you. See you later. Invasive. where were you yesterday,bitch Leave a message after the beep and I'll get back to you. Uh,Mr. Wallaby,uh,yes,this is Patty Chase of Your Perfect Day Bridal Salon. I'm calling about a wedding dress that was dropped off here yesterday by your fiancee,Janet. (answer me,whore!) You know,I-I believe she indicated to my daughter Claire, that she wanted to return the dress you purchased for her, but I'm afraid that won't be possible,since it's been altered. Would you have her contact me,please?My number is 555-0132. (I can find you.It isn't hard.I know so much about you) (Shred 182 is not longer online) Oh,Claire... what have you done? What's going on? Everything okay? Everything's fine. Just... I had another dream about the bridal shop killings. I didn't see the killer. At least I don't think I did. That's all the more reason to go back to sleep. I know,seriously,she's so crazy and paranoid. And she says I can't go back on to Friend Section for six months. I told her it was all your fault,you told me to trick the guy in the first place. But she didn't-- I did! She didn't even care. She said,"The world is full of predators and it's best not to go around trying to piss them off." Ah,the magic hour. Listen,I gotta close up.Can I call you later? Okay. Bye. Hi. Hey. Uh... can you open the door,please? Yeah,no-no,I know you're closed,but I'm not here to shop,uh... You must be Claire,right? Is your mom in there? Because I-I,um... I really need to talk to her. Hey,cut that out! Oh,no-no. It's okay,um... Just go get your mom,all right? And tell her to open the door and talk to me. Huh? I know who you are,you know. And she doesn't want to see you. What do you mean? What did she tell you? (banging) Where is she? No,hey!Hey,no,no,no,no. Mommy,I wanted the puffy ones. These are the puffy ones. They're plenty puffy. All right,go get the puffy ones,I'll eat these. Thanks,Mommy. How about you?Are you all right? You happy? Happy! Glad to hear it. Ariel... I saw him. I saw the killer. I can't believe you think it's a good idea to bring our daughter down to the police station to work with a sketch artist. Believe me,I'd have given anything to have had Ariel's dream. But for some reason,it seems like I'm getting dreams from Patty, and Ariel's getting dreams from Claire. And,for some reason,I don't know, it seems like they have very different ideas about who might have done it. Well,how can that be?They were both killed by the same person. I don't know,Joe. Maybe because they're deaths were so sudden,so violent; maybe because one or both of them didn't literally see who did it. Well,that's all well and good, but our oldest child is clearly taking no pleasure in being the go-between in all this. I know that. I'll try to make it as quick and painless as possible. She's not gonna be alone.I'll be with her the whole time, which I'm sure will be a great comfort to her. She has to forgive me sometime,right? She has to. He had a longer nose. You know,pointier. Like... Jim Carrey in that movie. Longer and pointier. Got it. Ladies. Wayne,can I steal Mrs. Dubois for a moment? Go on,Mom. I'm fine. Tell me this is about a lead. This has to do with a lead.Two,in fact. I spoke with the president of Friend Section,and as long as we have the appropriate paperwork, he's willing to help us identify the person who threatened Claire Chase online. We should have Shred182's name and address by the end of the day. And this morning,we got a call from one of the merchants in Chase's strip mall about something he saw Saturday night. Apparently,around 6:00, he heard some tires squealing in the parking lot. When he looked out his window,he saw a car speeding away, made a note of the plate and called us. The police traced the number to a man named Ben Radley. Mr. Radley admits that he knew Patty Cse,and claims he was a good friend of her late husband's. Said he took her out for a cup of coffee on Saturday, but that she was alive when he left. He insists he would never,ever hurt the wife of his dead friend. And then I asked if he'd ever sleep with the wife of his dead friend-- things got real quiet. Mr. Radley's a married man. Patty's secret boyfriend. You think Ariel would be up for taking a gander at the guy in person, let us know if he's the man from her dream? I don't know. It would help us to at least know if we're on the right track. I need to see his face. That's not him. No,I'm not discouraged. All right,tomorrow then. Bridge,honey,it's time for bed. Okay,Mommy. So what was that? Claire's online stalker. Turned out to be a 15-year-old kid who had an alibi for Saturday night. And apparently,Patty's married boyfriend has never owned a firearm. So we're back at square one. Can you tell Ariel it's time for bed?Last time I knocked,she told me to go away. Mmm,she's upset. I know she's upset.She's upset,I'm upset. It's been a lousy week. Can you please just tell her? Who is it? It's Dad. Oh. Come in. Your mom wanted me to tell you it's time for bed. Gee,I can't wait. Oh,boy,maybe I'll have another scary dream about killers who don't exist. Yeah,you might. But then you're going to wake up,calm yourself down, because you know that it's just a dream, and you're going to be okay. And after that you're going to go the bathroom,and you're going to brush your beautiful blonde hair, which,along with this propensity for bad dreams,you also got from your mother. And then,when you're through with that,you're going to go to school, where you're going to apply your natural inquisitiveness to whatever is happening in that classroom. And when you do that,I want you to keep in mind that that comes from your mom,too. But listen,it doesn't matter what I say. You're going to do whatever you're going to do, and you're going to feel whatever you're going to feel. You're going to stay mad at your mom for as long as you feel like staying mad at your mom. And you know how I know that? Because that's pure Mom,too. It's all the same bundle,honey. It's all in the same wonderful bundle. Give me a kiss. Good night,Daddy. Good night,sweetheart. I don't know.She just locked the door. She's back there with someone.I think it's her boyfriend, who she told me she dumped two days ago. I... I don't want this,Ben. I got to call you back. Mom?Are you okay? I'm fine,honey. I'll... I'll just be a second. I want you to have it. My daughter is working,and you shouldn't be here. I'm gonna leave,Alana. I know I said that before,but I'm serious this time. We can be together.We can go out in public. No.Now,I have said this before. This... what... this thing-- us-- it's-it's-it's an indiscretion,it's-it's a lapse of judgment. It was never going to be permanent. Ben... I don't want you to leave your family. And I don't want this. What about what I want? Mom,open the door! Open the door! Claire. I'm okay,honey. You just watch the store. Claire. Have you got a minute to talk to me?I mean,you're not closing up or anything,right? Yeah,we're still open. I'm sorry about yesterday.I thought you were someone else. No,no,it's fine,um... I wanted to talk to you about my fiancee. She,she,uh,she came in here on Wednesday and she returned a dress, a wedding dress. She was going to wear it to our wedding,tonight, in fact.we were going to be married... tonight. Do you remember that dress? Kind of.Yeah,sure. Well,see,you know,the thing is,Claire, that means you've seen my fiancee more recently than I have. See,she left my place on Tuesday night,and I haven't heard from her since. And her mother,her mother's not telling me anything. So the only thing that I know for sure, is that this is the last place she visited right here: Your Perfect... Day Dress Shop. Oh,I like it-- you know,the name and everything.It's-it's cute,it's uh... charming,but I've got to tell you, I don't think it fits right now. Because my day has been anything but perfect. In fact,my day has pretty much sucked,just like yesterday. Monday pretty much bit,and tomorrow's not looking good either. I don't know what to tell you. I only talked to her for,like,a minute. Well,a lot can happen in a minute,though,right? What I want to know,Claire,is when you were helping my fiancee, did she give you a hint, a clue as to where she might have been headed? No,I'm sorry,she just dropped off the dress and left. Did she happen to mention why she decided to end a three-year relationship without so much as a phone call? Nothing? Nothing at all? No hint. No. Maybe you scared her. Or maybe she just figured she'd filally bled me dry. You can't take blood from a stone,Claire.Are you familiar with that expression? Damn it,that's my car! Hey! Hey,stop!That's my car! Mom! You better come out here!This guy is completely losing it! You,hey! Did you see what happened? Hey,lady,did you get a license plate number? Mom! Oh,my God,Mom? Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Open the door! Please.Mom! Please,don't. Mom. So let me get this straight. You were both wrong,and you were both right? Well,Ariel misunderstood what Claire was trying to show her, just like I misunderstood what Patty was trying to show me. The dreams they were sending us weren't about the boyfriend or the guy on the Internet. They were about the jilted fiancee. We just didn't realize it,until we compared notes. Got it. I think.Each of you is only getting half the story. If anyone wants the whole story,I've got Mr. Wallaby in the interrogation room. I know what he looks like.I can do this without you,if you like. No,I want to be there. That's him. That's him. Okay. Claire? Wait! Hey,there. Oh,Wyatt. I was... looking for someone. That's funny,'cause I was looking for you. You were? Well,I was wondering if you wanted to go to the Spring Fling with me. I know it's kind of last minute,and if you say no,it's okay. No. I mean,s. It's just... I don't have anything to wear. Well,wear what you have on. You look great. So,it's a date,right? It's a date. Cool. Ladies and gentlemen,the king and queen of the Bates Middle School Spring Fling-- I give you Wyatt Forrester and Ariel Dubois. You okay? Is she home yet? Baby,she just left an hour and a half ago. You're not worried,are you?