The building is completely surrounded. Present yourself at the front door with your hands above your head in 15 seconds or we're coming in. It's okay, baby. Just stay covered up. Don't panic. Mr. Kinetko, you have ten seconds! Ten seconds to what? Can't we talk? Can't a man bring his girlfriend to a hotel for... Stay covered, baby, stay covered. Don't worry-- this is not about you. This is about me. Don't move! Don't move! You just stay covered there. Don't you compromise your modesty. You haven't done anything wrong. Have you no decency? Have you no shame? Turn your backs and let the woman get dressed. Don't worry, darling. I am going to call my lawyer as soon as I get to the station. He will have this whole thing unwound faster than you can say "ACLU." Miss? I understand your discomfort, but I'm going to need you to tell me who you are and show me some identification. Miss? Oh, man... What you got there, Ronny? Is she underage? No. Kinda the opposite problem. Looks like she's been dead about two weeks. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scream. Mommy just had a bad dream. Mommy... you gotta stop doing that! Please, stop doing that. Yeah, Mommy. Could you maybe stop doing that? Mom! It's 37 after 7:00 and I haven't eaten and I don't have any lunch money and today's the class trip so I have to have my blue jumper and you didn't sign my permission slip and Bridgette... she's picking her nose and throwing snot balls at me. You lie! I'm going to kill you! You kill me and I'll tell Mom! Get out of bed and deal with your children. Can't you hear them? They need you. Oh, I'll be damned if I know what my son sees in you. It's okay. You already are damned. It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. A beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Hey, Hot Lips, this is your wake-up call. Go away. It's not a beautiful day. Do you not hear the death threats wafting in from the hall? Hey, kids, stop threatening to kill each other. Mommy finds it depressing. I don't want to get up. You're right. I'm depressed. You know what depression is? It's un-channelled anger. Thank you. Thank you. Everything's different now. But I'm still not getting up. Come on, Allison... Did you not hear her? Did you not hear Ariel? She's got a thrilling day lined up. Class trip, snot ball dodging, sister killing. She's nine years old. I, on the other hand, am 33 and when you go to work and the girls go to school I have nothing to look forward to. Al... If I organize one more drawer, I'll go out of my mind. Objective observation? Ever since you made the decision not to go to law school, to go to work for the D.A. as a consultant... - I don't know, you seem kinda... - Bitchy? Cranky? Pissed off? You can read minds. It's hard. They never call. He said he wanted to use me but... Maybe he changed his mind. I don't think he changed his mind. It's Phoenix. How many cases do you think there are where he can actually use someone like you? He'll call. When he's got something where he needs you, he'll call. Ooh... I know what I meant to ask you. This'll cheer you up. What's the chance of us getting a sitter tonight? The Siscos want to have dinner. Come on. The Siscos. You like them. You'll never guess where. Remember who you're talking to, okay? Not the place we went last weekend. - What's the problem? It's a nice place. - We were just there! I know, but it's the place the Siscos told us about. The place we promised we'd try with them. I didn't have the heart to tell Nick we'd already been. Besides, they're talking about maybe inviting the Hammersmiths and the Perrys. Nick mentioned it at lunch yesterday and it totally slipped my mind. So is we in or is we out? Let's see-- dinner with four rocket scientists and their lovely wives? Oh, joy. I can barely keep my legs together at the mere thought of it. That's okay. I'm not much interested in you with your legs together anyway. Girls... Mommy needs help getting out of bed! Will the jury foreman please rise and face the court? - Here we go. - Will the defendant please rise? And on the count of first-degree murder, how does the jury find? Your Honor, it is with some regret that I report that we were unable to find unanimity and are hopelessly deadlocked. The jury is dismissed with the thanks of the court. Mistrial. Judge declared a mistrial. Yes, I know. I was there. Jury just couldn't convict. Understandable. Captured the bastard covered in his victim's blood, still holding the chain saw that he used to cut up the body into nine pieces so he could fit it into the tall kitchen garbage bags he had on hand, as opposed to simply cutting it in half and using the extra-strength backyard and garden bags he had on his "to do" list to pick up. No, I know. I heard the testimony. Still, the jury could not convict. Deadlocked. - I know. - You know. Oh, well, that's good that you know. You should know something. You're a jury consultant. I mean, we spent thousands of dollars of taxpayers' money to hire you; countless man-hours profiling and interviewing and testing 100 and some-odd citizens, so we could pick the perfect jury... hoping against hope that we could send this piece of human smegma to get a lethal injection. So it's really good that you know something, because it's clear the one thing you do not know is how to pick a jury that will vote for the death penalty. District Attorney Devalos, I don't think I like your tone. Oh, well, then, I guess we're even. I don't think I like your work. Ridiculous. Stupid. That's my wife, sir! All right. - Absurd. - Nine points, Paul... Absurd... absurd, absurd, absurd. A-B-S-U-R-D. Absurd. - Proper. - Proper... Proper English. No. Eight points, - Betty, would give you 26... - Absurd. The answer is "absurd." Silly. Foolish. Foolish. No. Seven points, Paul. Give you the game. Freezing. Hello? Good morning. Is Allison Dubois available for District Attorney Devalos? Oh, my God. You have no idea. Called at the last minute. Too late for day care. I'm sorry. Welcome back. Is this the new intern? The one taking your place? It's all right. Go on inside. He's waing for you. I'm sorry. He just called so last minute. It's all right. Leave her here. I'll keep an eye on her. You sure? That's a mighty heart-healthy lunch you're having there. You trying to tell me something? Have you had some kind of vision about my health, some premonition about my well-being? No, just something I say whenever I see a middle-aged man eating starch fried in lard. Haven't heard from you in a while. Figured maybe you thought about it and realized there was really no place for me in a district attorney's office. I mean... given what I do. Do me a favor. Take me through this one more time. This... thing you experience. Well, if you force me to break it down, categorize it... I guess... the main thing is... I mean, it's been happening since I was a kid. I see people that have passed. Their spirits, they come to me, tell me things. People that have passed? Dead people. What, they just come over to your house without being invited? - They're never invited. - No. Of course not. To be honest, I'm not quite sure what to do with that. I mean, not that I doubt you, but from a prosecutorial point of view... No. I know. I also have dreams. - Dreams. - Dreams that come true. - Dreams. But again, in a court of law... - No. I know. Believe me... I hear this stuff coming out of my mouth and... What about reading minds? Can you guess what a person's thinking? Maybe even what their attitude about something might be? I don't know. Sometimes. He suffocates them, then hangs onto the corpses for days, sometimes weeks, and has sex with them, over and over again. Six of them that we know about. His sentencing trial is in three weeks. Jury selection begins on Monday. Can you help me find a jury to give him the maximum sentence? 12 men and women who would actually vote "yes"? I think so. I mean, I'd certainly like to try. You understand what I'm asking? We have the death penalty here in Arizona. I'm asking you to help me send this man to his death. Are you okay with that? If he's done the things you say he's done, why would I have a problem with that? I don't know. Some people might. Well, not me. No. Obviously, no one can know what you're doing, helping us in this way. So I can count on you to keep it a secret? I mean, your husband, I suppose, but beyond that... Oh, so now, it's lying and sending people to their death. By the way, the man you're going to help eliminate-- his name is... Ivan Kinetko. Yeah. I know. He called! He called! He called! He called! I'm sorry, who called? The District Attorney's Office. They need me. - Say hi to the kids. - Hi to the kids. - Hi, Dad. - Hi, Daddy. - Hi, Daddy. - Someone's in a good mood. Oh, you can read minds, too. So Nick is married to Diane who's a financial something. And Alan is married to Kamala, who's a doctor-- a therapist of some kind-- works with kids. And Brett is married to Jennifer who works for some charity. Nick and Diane, Alan and Kamala, Brett and Jessica. Jennifer. Brett and Jennifer. Sorry. A psychic with a bad memory. Go figure. They just don't make 'em like they used to. Uh, so tonight... These people, they're all scientists. I mean, at least the guys are, so... You know, if somebody says-- and you know they're going to-- What do you do? - Oh, what? - Continue. Well, obviously, you know the rest. A psychic with a bad memory can't remember. Why don't you finish your thought. Okay, I'm just saying, I mean, if somebody says, "So, Allison, what do you do for a living?" - I'm curious. - Well, you know what I do for a living. Well, I mean, I curious how you're going to put it. Well, gosh, dear, how would you like me to put it? - I'm just saying, I mean, there are lots of ways of saying... - You're worried I'm going to embarrass you? No. God, no. Well, then don't worry so much about how things are put. Because everything will be put the way it needs to be put. And if you don't like the way things are put, you can just go "ptth!" yourself. - Alan. - Sorry we're late. - Jessica. - Jennifer. Hey. How are you? I mean this 11-year-old boy hasn't spoken since he's six. Five years. And there's nothing physiologically wrong with him. It's a control thing. And obviously his parents are going completely out of their minds. Sent him everywhere. Tell them. - Well, I developed this therapy. - Very Annie Sullivan. Very Miracle Worker. - Tell them. - It's very intense. Just he and I in a cabin. For four days. No food, unless he asks for it. No water. And I have everything under lock and key. Wait a second. Unless he asks for it? You're willing to starve this kid? No, no, no. No one's starved. She's not going to starve anybody. Listen to this. The people from the Dr. Phil show called her. Tell them. Um... the first day... was like a standoff. You know what he's doing-- he's waiting for her to go to asleep, so he can get the key. Get to the food. Honey, I think you're making a big deal out of this. - No, I'm proud. - So wait a second. What happened? - Did anyone fall asleep? - Of course not. I mean, she's not falling asleep. She's staying up. And she's talking to him. Explaining the jig is up. You've met your match. Right? I know you can talk, your parents know you can talk and your teachers know you can talk, and no one is leaving here, no one is sleeping and for damn sure no one's getting anything to eat until you say something. - And how long did it take? - I didn't hear from her for 37 hours. You stayed up with him for 37 hours straight? Um, I'm not sure. I don't know. I think there were brief periods of unconsciousness for both of us. - And it worked? He spoke? - Hell, yes, he spoke. And he hasn't stopped speaking since. Wow. What did he say? Actually, his first words were, uh... "Jesus." She's flying east to Yale next week. Being honored by the Childhood Behavioral Council. Wow. That must be very gratifying. Congratulations. Thank you. I'm still a little uncomfortable with all the fuss. What do you do? Me? I work part-time at the District Attorney's Office. It's very boring. You had fun, I know you did. Hey, I love a good story. What are you talking about? Annie Sullivan and the Jesus Boy. You seemed to like it. What, are you saying she's lying? No. She didn't tell the story; her husband did. Look, I'm just saying that I don't think everything necessarily happened the way we were told. You suspect this or you know this? Are you asking if I was there? I wasn't there. So you'll concede the possibility that the story is true? Did I miss something here? When did we make the leap from having impressions about things to being certain about things? I'm just telling you what I think. Well, it sounds like you're telling me what you know. And frankly, it's scaring the crap out of me. Is that what you're doing for the D.A. next week? Is that what you're selling, certainty? If it is, doesn't that bother you a little? No. Why? Should it? Okay, maybe I got this wrong, but somewhere between pulling my pants off and passing me the soap in the shower, did you or did you not say that you were going to be helping the D.A. select a jury that he hoped would send a man to the electric chair. No. Lethal injection. We are very enlightened here in Arizona. We do lethal injection. Oh, yeah. Oh, and by the way, that man-- he killed six women. Then he raped them... and then he raped them, and then he raped them. - Says the D.A. - Says the evidence. You're certain of this. I mean, a guy might die, Allison. Doesn't that give you... I don't know... pause? All right, forget that. What if he's guilty and you pick the wrong people? - What if you're responsible for him walking? - I'm confused. Are you worried that I'll be good at what I do or not good enough? I don't know. I guess I'm worried you may do something crazy and human like... - what do you know... make a mistake. - That isn't going to happen. - Because? - I know what I know. But you don't. You didn't know the district attorney was going to call this morning. You didn't know that Ariel's school trip was going to be canceled at the last minute. Hell, you don't even know that Brett is married to Jennifer and not Jessica. But suddenly you know who's lying and who's not lying, and who's going to vote "yes" and who's going to vote "no," and whether some little boy you never met said "Jesus" or not. Will you listen to yourself, Allison? That's what I'm trying to do. Very nice. Very impressive. I admire the discipline it takes to... achieve this kind of physical... perfection. You're warm. Let me cool you off. Don't worry, darling. Relief is but a moment away. Sorry. Sorry, sorry. You can just put those on the tables right there. I apologize. Thanks, guys. - So what's your thesis called? - Excuse me? Everyone here thinks that you're the intern who came back to write her thesis on jury selection in capital trials, so... Well, then it'd be, uh, "Jury Selection in Capital Trials." Catchy. 140... please sit down. 144 prospective jurors. These are their questionnaires. I don't get to meet them? Why don't we just wait and see how you do with the questionnaires first. You can usually identify the obvious deadheads off of these. - "Deadheads"? - People we absolutely won't accept. In this case, people that are never going to vote for capital punishment. If it has a red Post-it on it, it means the jury consultant thinks the person is a definite "no." If it has a green Post-it on it, it means she thinks the person is a definite "yes." And if it has no Post-it on it at all, it means she has no opinion yet and it's something we'll figure out when we get to court. - What happens in court? - We get six strikes and so does the other side. - Strikes? - A free pass. These are people that you can say "no" to without having to explain yourself. - The deadheads. - Well, no. That's where it gets tricky. The judge will probably throw out most of the deadheads without prompting. What you want to save your strikes for are the people that you think the other side is desperate to have that the judge might not kick out. At the same time, the other side is going to use their six strikes to eliminate the people they think you really want to have, okay? So, I brought these. They're half the size of the others, so we can tell yours from hers. - So what do you think? - About what? It's just a bunch of paper. So you can't just look at them, touch them, just feel something? I don't know. I haven't tried. So getting aimpression off an inanimate objects is not something... I don't know. You have to understand these aren't feelings I've ever gone out of my way to have. Used to be I'd walk into a place or I'd meet a person and I'd get that feeling, and I'd just want a drink. This is new. I guess I was counting on meeting the people. Well, I don't know what to tell you. This is how we start. In any event, your involvement in this process has got to be... Secret. I heard. Allison, if this isn't something you're interested in doing... No, no. I'm interested. It's just that, if I tell you something, I want to be certain. Don't worry about that. I'm up to my eyeballs in people who are certain. It would just be nice to meet someone who's right for a change. I'll be in my office when you're done. Jonathan McCall. Born January 20, 1968. 1989-1992, Divinity Studies at the School of Theology at Catholic University. Naomi Perreault. Born April 17, 1959. Question: Have you ever lost a friend or loved one to a violent crime? Answer: Yes. A coworker of mine was killed for his car one night after coming out of a Laundromat. It was especially sad because he had won the car just a month earlier in a sales promotion they ran here at the company. Maxine Harris. Born November 3, 1970. Baptist. Single. I've supervised data entry for the Bocktel Company since 1998. I own my own home. I read one newspaper and I try to watch one newscast every day if I have the time. I spend a lot of time here with my mother. She's been in the hospital since 2002 when she suffered a massive stroke. I believe in the sanctity of life. I believe that things happen for a reason. Hello. Hey... So how's the job? It's great. Instead of sitting home all day and talking to no one, I'm in a big anonymous room talking to no one. It's all I could've hoped for. Hmm. Do you know it's 20 minutes after 9:00? Oh, God, Joe, I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry. It's okay, don't worry about it. Psychic with a bad sense of time. Do you remember where you live? Hmm, I'm seeing a house. I'm seeing a guy in his underwear. I'm seeing lots of dishes in the sink. It's amazing how you do that. I'll wait up. Okay, bye, babe. You understand I'm not paying you by the hour, right? I stuck my head in there two or three times but you seemed to be in your own world. That's okay. You want the good news or the bad news? Give me it all. I'm a big boy. I can take it. Okay, well... I got through almost all of them. And I got things off a lot of them. But I don't agree with most of what your jury consultant told you. What do you mean? Well, like this woman for instance. Maxine Harris. Yes, she's religious, but that's not all she is. She has a mother who's been confined to the hospital for the last two years despite the fact that she can't see, can't hear, can't eat and can't even breathe on her own. You know what she prays for? She prays for an earthquake to knock the building down. She prays for a fire to take out her mother's wing. All she wants to do is put this old woman out of her misery, and the state won't let her. Maxine Harris can be reached. She will understand your frustration. She'll understand the victim's family's need for closure. And I believe the defense is going to read it the way your expert did and advocate for her. So by looking like you lose one, you win one. Should I go on? Okay, this guy here, he's a fireman, right? So your expert has him as a definite "yes." She's thinking law and order guy, of course he'll vote for the needle. But his best friend's brother is on death row in Nevada. Wait a second, is that on the questionnaire? Sorry. Neither is the fact that this school teacher she has as a definite "no" was raped 20 years ago when she was in college. The guy who raped her hired a great attorney and got off, went on to rape three other women, finally got caught and put away, but is up for parole later this year and will probably get it. I mean, if I'm you, I want that lady in my lifeboat. What are you doing tomrow? I don't know, why? How'd you like to come to court with me, meet some of these people? Stop smiling like that. The moonlight's bouncing off your teeth and keeping me awake. Tough. I was pretty great today. It was pretty great being me today. Whatever happened to the old Allison? The depressed Allison? I miss her. I don't know. I will be in court tomorrow. So if I see her, I'll ask her. Court. Really? Parking ticket? You hate being wrong, don't you? Am I wrong? Are you sure? Are you certain? Or is it just something you suspect? Say good night, Gracie. Good night, Gracie. What's your hurry? Oh, you don't want me to change my mind now, do you? You're not going to change your mind. Well, aren't you afraid your girlfriend might change her mind? Or do you guys do this all the time? 'Cause me, I've never done this. Thought about it, but never done it. She's not going to change her mind. When she sees how beautiful you are... When you see how beautiful she is... When do I get a look at her? I mean, time's a-wastin'. I'm sobering up here, Slick. She's just inside. She's sitting on the couch. She's waiting for you. Oh, my God! Do you wish to enter a challenge to the seating of potential juror number 12, Maxine Harris? We certainly do not, Your Honor. And according to my records, the prosecution has exhausted all of its challenges. Do you concur, District Attorney Devalos? I'm afraid so, Your Honor. Very well, then. Ms. Harris, if you please. We have a jury. Court will recess for ten minutes. At that time, the sheriff's deputies will escort in the defendant so the court can begin to hear pre-trial motions. Gentlemen. Mr. District Attorney, sir, I cannot accept responsibility for an outcome when I am not given the opportunity to participate in the events leading up to that outcome. - Certainly you can understand that. - Actually, I find it all rather confusing. To be honest, I don't recall you accepting any responsibility when you did participate. That's against the law, you know. I don't want to make any trouble. Is that what you're doing? That's not how I see it. Allison, you were right about every single person we cross-examined today. - Well, I... - I got to tell you, I'm starting to believe if I don't screw this up, we have a real shot at getting rid of this monster. This is Italy... where art and the art of hospitality, go hand in hand. But no trip to Italy would be complete without a gondola ride through the Venice canals. It's really very nice here, Allison. The women are beautiful, the climate. I'm sorry we didn't get a chance to meet in America, but the second I heard there was a hung jury and I saw the chance to escape... See, you were wrong about Maxine Harris. No way that woman was going to give me the needle. Better luck next time. No... Oh! It's still Thursday, right? The jury's still out, right? There's no verdict yet, right? Oh, God, Allison, it's the middle of the night. That's not necessary. It was just a question. I love you, too. - Loss... - Loss... Gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, gain. Found. Oh, she said "loss," I think, without the "T." All right, eight points, Paul. - Opposite. - Find? Hello. Allison? It was unanimous. Death by lethal injection. The death penalty? You're kidding me. He's not going to Italy. Italy? What are you talking about? Oh, nothing. Nothing at all. That's wonderful. I mean, it's terrible, but it's wonderful. Allison, congratulations. I know we wouldn't be here if it weren't for you. Oh! I'm king of the world! Anatomically speaking, I don't think that's possible. I'm still king of the world. Come on, Allison. The news is about to start. Shh! You wake 'em up, you put 'em back to sleep. Come on, King. This is exciting. That's right, Bill. History of a sort was made here today. Remarkably, this jury spent less than 2½ hours to return a sentence of death by lethal injection in the case of Ivan Kinetko, a serial murderer and rapist. And while District Attorney Manuel Devalos seemed highly gratified by the swift and certain verdict the jury gave him, the accused and his defense team seemed stunned by both the speed and certainty of this verdict. Wait a second. That's not him. - What are you talking about? - Oh, my God. Something's wrong. That's not the man in my dreams! - Okay. Does that really matter? - It matters to me! That's not the man I saw commit the crimes. Hey? Where are you going? - But sir, I'm not even sure he's guilty. - That's all right, Allison. I am. - But... - There are no buts. There can't be. I got a lab full of DNA to prove that he's our man. Besides, he confessed. In any event, this was not the trial to determine guilt or innocence. We had that trial three months ago. This trial was about sentencing. So go to sleep, get some rest. You've done a great thing here. But now, I'm not so sure. Allison, so it doesn't look like the face in your dreams. So what? Who knows where you got that face from? And what difference does it make? Maybe your dreams are wrong. Frankly, I don't care. I believe your instincts about people are right. Today, that's what mattered. - But I can't be wrong. - Sure you can. You're a human being. The ability to be wrong is one of the membership requirements. The willingness to admit it-- well, that gets you extra points. Extra! Get your morning paper! Read all about the murder! Extra! Buy a paper and meet me down the block. When I realized you weren't going to wake yourself up from a sound sleep complaining of a nightmare, I got scared and woke myself up. Not funny. Turn that off, will ya? This is my fault, right? I asked for the old depressed Allison back and... Still not funny. Okay, Mr. Science Guy, how dead-on is all this DNA stuff? Dead dead-on. Better than a fingerprint. It's virtually perfect. So then I must really have been wrong. Well, okay. But only about the part that matters least. How can you say that? I move my lips, I push out air. There's nothing to it. Allison, who cares what he looked like in your dreams? I care. I mean, if I'm wrong about that, I could be wrong about other things. - Hallelujah. - It's not funny. I don't find it funny. I find it comforting. Well, I find it confusing and depressing. I mean, I feel like that chemist who set out to prevent heart attacks and accidentally discovered Viagra. That man is a fine chemist, by the way. A very fine chemist. He has nothing to be depressed about. - Shut up. - What difference does it make? As long as we're certain the real killer is going to meet his maker. As long as theittle boy finally talks. As long as horny old men can bed sweet young girls half their age, I ask you, what's the difference? And by the way, how old are you? About half your age. Just don't turn on any more lights. Guess who wants to have dinner tomorrow night? This is a whole new nightmare. I can see it coming. That's right. Your favorite friends at your favorite place. Come on. It'll be fun. We'll listen to their stories, you can tell me what really happened afterwards. Where you going? I'm going to check that your father isn't in our bed. I'm tired. Oh, no, thank you. I'm the designated driver tonight. So, wait a second. The last time I saw you, you were headed east. How'd your conference go? You know what? I didn't go. I felt a little funny. I couldn't help but wonder how much of what happened was... - therapy or how much was luck. - It wasn't luck. I'm not saying it was all luck, I am just saying that one time does not a proven protocol make. I want to work on it some more. You know, I mean, there's no accounting for happy accidents. I know what you mean. Here's to happy accidents. Hear, hear. Now, I'm remembering that you do something for the government. She works for the local District Attorney's Office. District Attorney Manuel Devalos. The Ivan Kinetko trial. - We're not supposed to discuss that. - Well, I'm proud. I'm proud, baby. You were you involved in that trial? That necrophiliac rapist guy? She was very involved. We're not allowed to discuss the nature of her involvement... - Well, kudos to you. - Yes, kudos to you! I don't want any kudos, really. There was more than a little luck involved there. - And lots of other people. - Not luck. Instinct. Talent. - Certainty. - No. You're wrong. You can relate to this. You do 90 little things right and one big thing wrong and... - It all just works out anyway. - And you're not sure you know why. I'll definitely drink to that. So are we ready to order? Geez, I haven't even had a chance to look at the menu. We've been here, what, three times in the last three weeks? I should have the damn thing memorized. Jesus... - You okay? - No. Yes. Actually, it's great.