I'm afraid that your daughter's increasing lack of affect is all part of her ongoing withdrawal from the world. I don't know what that means-- "withdrawal from the world." Is she going through some kind of depression? Can a 12-year-old even be depressed? Doctor, I need someone to tell me what's going on with my daughter. Your daughter's having delusions, hallucinations. She's displaying something that we call "disorganized speech." And while I'm not about to diagnosis her from across the room, I will tell you that these are all classic symptoms of early onset paranoid schizophrenia. Schizophrenia? It's clear to me that she's very, very sick. I'm sorry, you're just wrong. She's not sick. She's just going through something. Oh, God. Summer, what have you done?! He wouldn't stop talking to me. There are so many things wrong with that picture that I don't even think I'm offended. Yeah, what's wrong with it? I think it's pretty good. Well, first of all, I'm not a cheerleader. And second of all, I don't have buckteeth. And third of all, I don't walk around saying, "I'm Ariel, I'm Ariel!" But other than that, I think you, uh, you nailed it. It's a caricature. It's not supposed to look exactly like you. It's supposed to tell the truth about what you're like inside. And you're right, I think I nailed it. Good morning, all. Wow, Bridge, you did all those? Looks like you've been really busy. Yep. Why the sudden interest in art? Please, Bridgette' not interested in art. Bridgette is interested in Finn who is interested in art. Hey! Oh, yeah? Who's this Finn? Bridgette's boyfriend. He is not. He's not. He's just a friend that happens to be a boy. And, uh, it's not the same thing. Okay. All right, if you say so. Does Mom know about this? Well, I was going to mention it to her this morning, but she got up and went to work before I got up, so I didn't get to. Thank you. Well, I'm here, and I'm all ears. So tell me a little bit more about this friend who happens to be a boy. He's really nice. And he sits in front of me in math class. He's into a lot of the same really cool stuff that I am. He's really nice to me, too. He plays with me and Bridgette on the playground. Hmm, okay, I got it. Finn is cool. Finn is nice. Come on, dishes into the sink. We're leaving in five minutes. See you later. Okay, see you later. Later, Pop. Later. Morning, Keelin. Morning, Keelin. Did you sleep well? Did you sleep well? Do you think maybe this morning Do you think maybe this morning you could try to answer you could try to answer my questions my questions instead of repeating them? instead of repeating them? Any idea how this girl was able to break out of this facility? I mean, I know the name is Mariposa Psychiatric Hospital, but it is part of the prison system. Based on that tape, that girls doesn't seem terribly aggressive. To be honest, I'm a little flummoxed. I think we both are. Well, obviously, we have a security presence here at Mariposa Psych, but in the wing where Keelin resides it's fairly benign. Those patients are all approaching the age of majority. They're within a year of being released. So as part of their treatment, they're afforded much more freedom than the other wings enjoy. And the vast majority of our patients are minors, so we see very few attempted escapes. I know that's not much help. So, uh, who are we looking for? What can you tell us about her, other than the fact that she repeats whatever anybody tells her? Well, her full name is Keelin McKinney. And three years ago, right before her 15th birthday, she had an affair with her history teacher. And about five months into it, the history teacher broke it off. A week later, she follows him home, ties him up in his bed and shoots him 12 times with her father's pistol. The police arrive. She's just sitting there, unresponsive, and she slipped into a catatonic state. And, finally, two months ago, she came out of it. So that parroting that you saw on the video-- that's called echolalia. We almost always encounter it when catatonic patients awaken. But having said that, I've never seen the phenomena present itself in quite the way it has with Keelin. The depth of her recall is extraordinary. Sometimes she spends whole therapy sessions parroting the previous session. Or... she did. I don't understand. All she could do was repeat back what people said to her, and yet she's within a year of her release? She was sentenced as a minor. She's about to turn 18. And strange as it seems, the echolalia-- that's progress. After three years of total silence, it's Keelin's way of coming back into the world. And you have no idea how she was able to get out? Maybe she snuck in the back of a delivery truck. Hitched a ride out. Maybe someone left a wrong door open. None of the orderlies or the guards are willing to admit they know anything about what happened. I think they're afraid for their jobs. But I'm hoping they'll be more cooperative when policemen are asking the questions. I'd be happy to talk to them and take a look around. Dr. Woodel, this girl Keelin, what's your feeling? Do you think she's dangerous? I'd like to say no. That I'm confident that my work with her has cured her of those impulses, but I obviously misjudged Keelin. We all did. So I can't answer that for sure. So where do we start? I thought maybe you could check out the girl's room while I walk the grounds. It's right upstairs, room 306. Maybe something will come to you, you know? âTª âTª He wouldn't stop talking to me. You here about Keelin? I can make myself scarce, if you need some time to look around. No, no, no, I was just leaving. I'm Allison; I'm Allison Dubois. I'm with the District Attorney's Office. Hi. Summer Lowry. You folks making any progress? Have any idea where she is? No, no, not yet. Poor Keelin-- she must be terrified. Why do you say that? I mean, she did run away. And the police seem to think she might be dangerous. Dangerous? Keelin? They haven't met her. I know what she did and all, but that was a long time ago. Keelin was the sweetest person in here. She was my friend. Crazy, right? How can you be friends with someone who hardly ever talks? Well, the thought did cross my mind. We actually talked all the time. At least, I talked to her. And she liked it, I could tell. Believe it or not, I think it was helping her get better. And she helped me, too. Don't tell Dr. Woodel, but, you know, sometimes I liked talking to Keelin more than I like talking to him. Yeah? Summer, it's time for group. Well, I have to go. But look at whatever you'd like. It was nice meeting you. Yeah. Nice to meet you, Summer. Well, I don't know what kind of work you're doing around here, but it certainly seems to be working for her. Yeah, Summer's definitely come a long way. Her parents must be so relieved. Oh, you don't know? Summer's parents are the reason that she's here. When she was 13, right about the time they began to suspect that she was ill, Summer snuck into their room while they were sleeping and she stabbed them to death. Bridgette Dubois! Bridgette Dubois, do you have an answer for me? Bridgette? I'm waiting. Okay... Okay, what? I see you furiously scribbling in your notebook. I can only assume you figured out what X is. Um, let me see. Any time now, Bridgette. Three? Very good, Bridgette. I'm glad to see you were paying attention. Thank you. Thanks. I owe you one. Yeah, it's okay. I just hope you were spaced out 'cause you were working on another cartoon. Mr. Marcotullio this time. I think I nailed him. Aren't you going to let me see it? Nope. Not good enough. It's not ready. It's okay. Show it to me when you're ready. If I survive gym class, I'll see you and Marie at lunch, okay? Yeah, sure. See you then. Okay. Okay. Keelin, I'd like to change the subject. Let's talk about your parents. Do you ever think about your childhood? Your relationship with your mom and dad? Your relationship with your mom and dad? This is that girl-- Keelin McKinney-- the one who went missing from Mariposa Psych last night. Yeah, I have to say I'm impressed. If that girl recovered enough to run away from a psychiatric hospital, her doctor's a miracle worker. You know, I met another one of his patients today. A girl named Summer. She murdered her parents six years ago. You wouldn't believe how far she's come. I mean, she seems like she could have been one of Ariel's friends. But here's the thing that I don't get: She killed her parents. She slaughtered them in their beds. The memory of that's got to be in there somewhere, doesn't it? How can she live with that? How could she function? Don't look at me, I have no idea. I can barely function myself, and I haven't slaughtered anybody. Not lately. Sweetie, what are you doing here? 911. What's the nature of your emergency? I need the police right away and an ambulance! I think they're dead! Oh, my God, I think she killed them! Sir, please calm down. We'll get a car right out to you. Who is dead? My-my parents. She killed them. She finally snapped. My sister went crazy and killed my parents! Oh, that's pretty. I love impatiens. Thanks. They've been letting me take care of the garden for a few years now. You're here with Keelin news, right? Good news, right? No news, I'm sorry to say. Actually, I was wanting to talk to you about something else. I know why you're here. I know what happened. I'm curious. How much do you actually remember from that night? I remember everything. And I wish I didn't. Honestly, I don't really like to think about it that much, Mrs. Dubois. I was a very different person back then. I was very confused. I had convinced myself that my parents were imposters. That evil people had replaced them and were trying to do bad things to me and my brother. Actually, I wanted to talk to you about your brother. What about him? Well, it's like you said-- you were a very different person then. You were confused. I'm just wondering if you could think back, think back. Do you remember actually seeing your brother that night? Where are you going with this? Do you know how long I've been here? Do you know how hard I've worked to get to the place where I am? I mean, how crazy do you think I am? The night you're talking about, has been cauterized in my memory. And you're implying that the only living relative that I have left may have been a part of it? And that maybe I don't remember? Mrs. Dubois, on your way out today you might seriously consider trading in your visitor's badge for a room assignment. Did you see Marie? She's out there somewhere. She'll be along in a minute. Hey, can I ask you a question? You just did. Never mind. Okay, I'm sorry. What? When you like a guy, how do you know it? Wait-- who likes a boy? I'm thinking maybe I do. You know, it's sixth grade. Boys just can't be friends with girls anymore, and girls just can't be friends with boys. And everyone's starting to like someone, like-- "like," like. It's weird. I didn't think I was into any of this stuff, but then... I drew this. Wow. I, um... I guess you might really like this guy. Really? 'Cause I don't feel any different. And the weirdest thing is, I don't even remember writing it down. I mean, I just looked down and there it was. Yeah, liking guys can make us do some really strange stuff. So how do I make it stop? You like this guy. And you can't turn that off. So maybe you should try hanging out with him. See if maybe he feels the same way. Well, what do you mean? I'm already hanging out with him. I know, but now that you like him, it's gonna be different. Different how? I can't explain. But it's um, it's gonna be different. So I have to keep doing what I'm already doing, except now it's different in some way that you can't explain to me? Yeah. I'm never going to get rid of this, am I? Of course I remember Summer Lowry. I handled the plea bargain that led to her committal. And I was present when she confessed to the killing of her parents. Look... you and I have far too much history together for me to just dismiss out of hand something you've dreamt, but there is precious little to suggest that anybody got anything wrong in this particular case. At the time of her committal, Summer Lowry was a deeply disturbed young woman. And she had a very well documented history of violent behavior. And she confessed to the crime. Her brother Chad, on the other hand, was anonor student, he was grief stricken, and no one who knew him, even for just a minute, entertained the idea that he might have been involved. Well, I know it sounds like it's from left field, but there was nothing vague about what I saw. It was completely unambiguous. He committed the killings, and she was nowhere in sight. Be that as it may, unless you have some evidence that you haven't shown me yet-- something to prove that what you've seen is true-- there's nothing I can do, Allison. Hello. You want some good news or bad news? Lee... Good or bad, you gotta call it. All right, good, give me the good. And you better not disappoint. You know that girl who escaped from Mariposa Psych, Keelin McKinney? I'm hot on her trail. Turns out she paid a visit to her shrink last night. You're right, that is excellent news. But what's the bad? Dr. Woodel left the windows in his house unlocked. We think that's how she got in. The housekeeper found him around noon. He was lying in bed, his wrists tied to the headboard stabbed to death with a knife from his own kitchen. The whole scene was littered with Keelin's hair and fingerprints. I just don't understand. Why would she kill her therapist? Well, we're talking about an escaped mental patient. This girl was committed because she got obsessed with her teacher, before she killed him. Maybe she got obsessed with this guy, too. Anyway, we know who did it. Now we just have to find her. Girls, come on, what are you doing back there? Dinner's ready. Wow! Wow, look at you. You look so pretty. What is this all about? We're giving my face a test run. I'm going over to Finn's house on Saturday, to watch a movie. Well, I think the test is going quite well. Thanks. How about some dinner? Makeup? Bridgette is wearing makeup? Our Bridgette? Help me out here. Wasn't she just born? Didn't we just bring her home from the hospital? I'm sorry, Daddy. Your little girl likes a little boy. I know she can't spend her whole life as a conscientious objector in the war between the sexes, but doesn't this seem-- I don't know, fast? This doesn't alarm you? Our middle daughter-- boys? Hey, I'm a reformed boy myself. And let me tell you something-- if you're not worried, you ought to be. Come on, it's cute. Besides, there's nothing we can do about it. And there's nothing reformed about you. No, please. Why are you doing this? Doctor, come on, I think we both know damn well why I'm doing this. No, I don't. You can just let me go. Untie me, walk away. Please, I won't tell anybody what I know. I certainly won't tell them that you killed your parents. Of course you'd say that now, but you weren't exactly reassuring when you came to see me a few weeks ago. Back then it was, "Give me half of everything you've got or I'm going to the police." You even got that tape with her talking about it all. But I don't want any more money, now, Chad. I'll give you those tapes. No one will ever know better. You're right about that much. Stop. You can't just kill me. Think it through, Chad. They'll catch you. You don't have some poor sick girl to pin it on this time. Actually, I do. But this time her name isn't Summer... ...it's Keelin. You are going to tell me where those tapes are, in which case, Keelin's going to kill you nice and quick, or you're going to put up a fight, which means Keelin's going to take her time. Now the brother didn't just kill the parents, he's killed this girl Keelin McKinney and he killed Keelin McKinney's psychiatrist? Well, think about it. He had to. Dr. Woodel knew that Chad was the real killer. And he was in the process of blackmailing Chad. I'm sorry. Okay, all right, let's assume that you are correct about all of this. The blackmail, everything. That Summer confessed the truth to her psychiatrist and he used it to blackmail the brother. How in the hell did Chad Lowry come into possession of Keelin McKinney's hand? I know, I know, he sawed it off her arm after he killed her. There's an APB out on this girl. Every policeman in the city is looking for her. Do you seriously think that Chad Lowry tracked her down before the police could? What if he didn't have to track her down? What if she came to him? I mean, he visits his sister every week in the hospital. They probably know each other. What if she came to him for help? I don't know what to tell you, Allison. The Lowry murder is a closed case. The murderer confessed, and even she doesn't dispute what happened. The killing of the psychiatrist seems pretty open and shut, as well. I would love to show you some support in all of this, but if the guilty party insists they're guilty... That's okay. You know what, I know what I have to do. I have to go back to Mariposa Psych. Summer Lowry knows what happened the night her parents died. She obviously told her psychiatrist. She can tell me, too. Summer, It's Allison. Summer, I know you're in there. The front desk called you and let you know I was coming. Please open the door. Summer, I'm coming in. I know you're upset. We're all upset. And obviously, I didn't know Dr. Woodel as well as you did, but... They said that Keelin did it. I can't believe that. Do you believe that? I-I know she killed that other man, but... I'll tell you what I think. I will tell you exactly what I think. But first, Summer, you have to be honest with me. You have to tell me what you know. What are you talking about? You know what I'm talking about. I think the same person who killed Dr. Woodel killed your parents. But that doesn't make any sense. That makes perfect sense. What makes no sense is you protecting him. I mean, I know he's your brother, but what is it? Is he threatening you? Summer-- I think he killed Keelin, too. No. He's doing the same thing to her that he did to you-- trying to get everyone to believe that she's a murderer. You said she was your friend. Don't you think you should come forward for her? If it's your safety you're worried about, we can, we can protect you. I can't. I can't. Yes, you can. Just tell me you will. I can't! I can't! Okay. Okay, okay. Just-just think about what I said. And I'll call you on the phone and we can talk about it tonight, okay? Can I come in? Go away. I'm busy. I need you to look at something. I told you I'm busy. Look at these two books. Okay, I'm looking. So what am I supposed to see? You remember that, right? Yes. Okay, now look at this. Okay. You filled another notebook. You should be careful. Finn might think you're a stalker. That's not my notebook, that's Marie's. And she's got this book filled with this stuff. Pages and pages. And I think she's been doing it a while. So what's your point? My point is, I think that the reason that I don't remember doing it, is because I didn't do it. I think this page belongs to Marie and somehow ended up in my book. I think she's the one who's in love with Finn-- not me. Wait a minute, Bridge, just because you didn't write his name a hundred times on a piece of paper, does not mean that you don't like him. Hey, say something. You're scaring me. I don't know what to say, okay? I'm just upset. What are you upset about? I mean, first you tell me that you don't like the way it feels to like a boy, and then when it turns out that maybe you don't like him you get upset. So, Bridgette, make up your mind. I did make up my mind. And I know what I said. : I know that I said that liking a boy felt weird. Then it started to make me feel, I don't know, normal for once. Bridgette, well, then-then maybe you do like him. No. This is Marie's, not mine. Finn's not mine either. What do you mean she won't speak with me? I was there today. We had a plan to speak tonight. Are you sure you have the right patient-- Summer Lowry? My name is Dubois. Allison Dubois. But can you just check again? It's really important. Hey. Hey. Yeah? She won't speak with me. They said she won't take my call. No, I understand. Um... can you just do me a favor? Make sure she's got my number and let her know if she changes her mind, that I'll be here and I would love to speak with her. Thanks. They said you needed to see me right away. So what do you want, Summer. I usually don't get up for another few hours. I hope this is important. I like this time of day. Just before the sun gets too bright. What do you want? I'm done covering up for you. What are you talking about? I've been so stupid. Keeping your secret for so long. I'm getting better, you know. Stronger. I'm finally ready to stand up to you. To do what has to be done. Shut up. You are making a scene. You shouldn't have hurt Keelin. She was my friend. Oh, God... Hey, you're up. I was letting you sleep, but Scanlon's on the phone. He says it's urgent. Hello? Allison, sorry to bother you on a Saturday, but I think you might want to come meet me out at Mariposa Psych. Oh, no, no, no. Summer Lowry's brother came to visit her first thing this morning. She attacked him with a gardening spade. Stabbed him three times before the orderlies pulled her off. Chad Lowry's dead. Oh, Summer. The guy from the M.E. 's Office said it looked like she'd been sharpening her spade on concrete. Oh... It looks like she knew exactly what she was going to do when her brother got here this morning. Where is she? They have her in isolation. She's restrained. Apparently, she's been hysterical ever since they dragged her off her brother. I just finished talking with the director of the hospital. Obviously Summer hasn't made as much progress as everyone thought. But they... they finally calmed her down and she's starting to talk. Allison, did you tell that girl that you thought her brother killed Keelin McKinney? I did. I did. But I saw him do it, sir. I-I just wanted to talk to her about what happened with her parents, so she could clear her name. I-I was just trying to help. It's after 10:00. You getting up today or what? It's Saturday. Leave me alone. Nope. Stop sulking. Get up. You need to see something. You left these in my room yesterday. And there is something in here you should see. What are you talking about? That's my notebook. What could be in that, that I don't already know about? You recognize this? It's Finn. Isn't it? And you drew it? Yeah. So? So it's good. And Marie didn't draw it, you did. Okay, tell me something I don't know. Bridgette, there's... at least ten drawings like that. All of Finn, and he's the only thing I've seen you try to draw without an extra eye or giant buckteeth. You draw him well. You take time. You take care. And you look at those drawings, and you sense that they're filled with feeling. Really? Trust me, you like Finn. You, just you. Welcome aboard. No fair. You can't stay out here all night. All I've heard for the last three hours is how great Finn Milner is. Did you know that he can draw and paint, and skateboard and hold his breath underwater for almost two whole minutes? Please, I'm in serious need of some adult conversation. I'm sorry, I don't want to talk tonight. I ruined a girl's life today, Joe. I wanted to help her. I wanted to convince the world that she wasn't a killer. And all I did was convince her to become one. Become a killer? Did you use those exact words? All I cared about was solving the case. All I cared about was proving that Chad Lowry was the real murderer. I didn't stop to think whether getting to the truth was the right thing for Summer. I pressed her. She wasn't ready. Chad Lowry is dead because of me. The man was a killer, Allison. Yeah, well, now his little sister is, too. So I'd like to try something new today, Keelin. So I'd like to try something new today, Keelin. It's good to hear your voice. It's always good to hear your voice. But I want to hear what you have to say, so I'm just going to stop talking and just listen. Hear what comes out. Hear what comes out. You know what? I really like you, Keelin. You are such a good listener. Even combing your hair is nice. It's like sharing a room with a doll. A doll that breathes. Oh, with everybody else I have to act. I know a lot of people say that, but with me, it's true. Really true. And I get so tired of it sometimes. It takes a lot out of yo u- acting all the time. I had to do so much work to figure out how to pretend to be sick. I had to pretend that I belong in a place like this, and I did not think that people would believe me, but everyone did. My parents-- they used to cry. And they would say, "Summer, we don't understand what's wrong with you." Keelin, is this something Summer said to you? Keelin, is this something Summer said to you? But they believed me. Everyone believed me. I mean, I had to go ahead with everything after that, didn't I? I had the whole world fooled. They all thought that I was crazy. And now they think I'm getting better. I'm a really good actor, Keelin. When I get out of here, I think I'm going to go to California and I'm going to do movies. I bet you my parents love me enough to buy a house in Beverly Hills. Oh, my God. Thank you. I'll knock if I need anything. I'm not supposed to have visitors. Yeah, well, they made a little-- a little exception for me. I'm sorry if I got you in trouble. I had to do that to Chad. I had to. You certainly did. So what kind of timetable are we talking about here? I mean, how long are you going to string everyone along till you start convincing them that you're getting better? What are you talking about? You know, I don't know how you do it. I mean, if I was in here, I would go crazy. They told me that you can't even have any books. Which is why I decided to pay you a little visit. I'm gonna tell you a little story, if that's all right. Just to, you know, relieve the boredom. So, once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was 13 years old. And her parents had everything. Which meant the little girl pretty much had everything. But for this little girl, pretty much was not good enough. She wanted it all. But she didn't want to have to wait to inherit it, and she didn't want to have to earn it herself. She needed a shortcut. So she came up with a plan with her older brother. She decided to pretend that she was crazy. And she was so good at it, that the whole world believed her. So much so, that when her brother actually murdered their parents, no one had any trouble believing it was the crazy, sick little girl; that her demons had gotten the best of her. That she just had to get packed away and shipped off to a hospital, so she could get all better. This story is stupid. It doesn't make any sense. Why would anyone want to be here-- locked up in a place like this? Because people like you, once they're feeling better, once they can handle the world, well, they get to go home. It was just about to happen. Everything was going according to the little girl's plan, but then she made one little mistake. She talked to her roommate. She told her everything. You know, the little girl thought that this was safe because the roommate-- she didn't speak. She couldn't speak. Catatonic friends are great like that. When Keelin started waking up, when you realized that she was repeating everything you said, you must have been scared. Lucky for you that doctor didn't go straight to the police. He just used everything he knew to try to get rich. But of course, he underestimated how lucky and smart you are. Lucky because Keelin ran away. You're smart because, once that happened, you had your brother kill Dr. Woodel. So everyone would think she did it. And just like that, both of your problems were solved. I'm confused. You said this was a story, but you keep using the names of real people. Is that to make it more entertaining? Yes. Hmm. to make it entertaining and fun. And now I'm going to use my own name. You remember when I showed up, started asking questions about your brother, about how he might be the real killer? When did you decide to kill him? That you actually had to kill someone yourself? Are you done? I don't know. How do you think it ends? She gets away with it. Well... Yeah, you might be right. You know, there's one part of the story that still bothers me. What really happened to your friend Keelin? I mean, how did she get out of here? And how did your brother find her? Unless-- she never really escaped. And she was here the whole time. And you killed her. You did it, didn't you? She's still here. She's still here somewhere. And I'm guessing it's in that little garden that you love so much. It's a good place to bury a body, don't you think? This is the exciting part of the story. Soon we're going to find out if I'm right. 'Cause I brought some police with me, and they-- they brought some dogs. The kind of dogs that can smell drugs and corpses. Oh, look... the dogs found something already. You bitch! Now there you are. There's the real Summer Lowry. Well, welcome back. You know this hospital here, it's not bad, all things considered. But I don't think you're going to be spending a lot of time here. I think you're going to be going to prison. And that-- that is the ending of the story.