Where's Joe? What'd you do with Joe? Who's Joe? Ouch. Wait a second. Hey, look at that. Is it yours? You think it belongs to somebody out there? Oh, my God. What am I going to do? What am I going to do? What are you going to do? What am I going to do? I got a strange gun in my coffin. I don't want to meet my maker with a strange gun in my coffin. - What about me? - You I'd keep. It's this gun I'm having a problem with. Look, I know we're in the middle of something here, but I have to get that. Hey, hon? Just stay where you are. I'll get it. Thanks, hon. Thanks, hon. Nice guy. Oh, which reminds me. There's something very important I have to tell you about him. Joe? You have to tell me something about Joe? As long as you're here. Australia. Excuse me? Australia. That's the message. That's what I have to say to you: "Australia". - "Australia"? The place... - Just Australia. Australia. That's it. You can wake up now. I know I made a fuss, but don't worry about the gun. You can leave it here. It's okay. Roll over. My feelings won't be hurt. Yes, yes, absolutely. 9:30. Bagel for Marie, pancakes for Ariel, cereal for Bridgett. It's morning, we're cooking, we're happy. ***, somebody do something about your sister. - She's hungry. - We're all hungry. Bridgette, you want cereal. You can do that yourself, can't you? Okay. Daddy, these eggs are bad. There's a thingy on the yolk. Thingy? What kind of thingy? A thingy. A white dot on the yolk. Like the egg's almost hatched. You mean like there was an unborn chicken in the bowl? There's no unborn chicken in the bowl. There's no born chicken in the bowl. There's no chicken of any kind in the bowl. Perfectly natural for there to be a thingy on the eggs. Look, look, look. See? See what daddy made for you? - You just have to let it cool off a little bit. - I'm sorry. I don't care what you say, these eggs are bad. Okay, fine. You win. They're bad. Get two more. There's nothing wrong with those eggs. Those are perfectly fine eggs. - Morning. - I just got those eggs yesterday. - Ariel wanted pancakes. - Not with the rotten eggs! Hello? Those eggs are fine. Why did you let me sleep in, why didn't you wake me? I don't know. You looked happy. You looked like you were having a nice dream. Were you having a nice dream? It was okay. Who were you talking to on the phone? Huh? Oh, nobody. Nobody? Joe, I saw you talking on the phone to nobody at 7:15 this morning. - It was Opsy. - Honey, you're eating. It was a call from Dr. Katkoff's office. I have this thing this morning. It was just a reminder call. A thing? What thing? Don't you remember, Daddy? You were talking to somebody named Opsy. - Bridge! - Don't you remember? - You said, "Bye, Opsy!" - Opsy? Bye, Opsy. Bye, Opsy. Bye, Opsy. Bye, Opsy. Biopsy? You're having a biopsy? Why wouldn't you tell me something like this? I did. I did tell you. You knew I was going for a physical. Yeah, you told me you were fine. And I was fine. I am fine. Everything's fine. It's just a follow-up. It's nothing. It's a biopsy, Joe. "Biopsy" and "nothing" don't go together. People don't get a biopsy for the hell of it. You get a biopsy for a reason. And I don't understand why you wouldn't you tell me something like this. - Why? Take a look at yourself. - Excuse me? What does that mean? It means I think that your reaction to this is completly out of scale with what is actually going on. - I think you're getting a little hysterical. - Hysterical, really? My husband just told me he needs a biopsy and he's been keeping this information from me. How would you like me to react? You know what this is about? And I know you don't want to hear this, but with this new job of yours... - My job? - One week you're busy... - What has that got to do with keeping life altering events - And the next week you're sitting around here... - ...waiting for the phone to ring - ...from me ? ...and frankly, I was worried that if I told you I needed to have this little test done... - "Little test"? - ...when you had too much time on your hands, you'd sit around here and obsess about it and drive yourself crazy. - Boy, was I wrong. - What, exactly, is this biopsy for? You know that little mole I have my back? The one I've had forever? - Katkoff just thought it was finally time. - Lay down. - What? - Lay down! I want to see it! See? This is exactly what I'm talking about. When you were in school, you were so busy studying doubtful process I could have been sitting in front of the Tv dead for three days and you wouldn't have noticed. - Australia. - What? Australia. It used to be round. Now it's shaped like Australia. - It itches. I scratched it. I shouldn't have. - Don't. If I keep scratching it, I might get it look like the entire easten hemisphere. Can I get up now? What? Nothing. Listen to me. It's nothing, okay? All right. Nicholas Morgante is a father, is a husband, is a business man. He... he's a Little League coach. He's a lot of things. But the one thing he's not is a cop-killer. On the contrary, this man has enjoyed a friendly, long-standing relationship with the Phoenix Police Department and considered a lot of the men on the force to be close, personal friends. Mr. Watt, you said in a press conference yesterday that you were anticipating a speedy trial. - Why are you so confident? - Well, for one thing. My client is innocent. For another, we know the late Detective was shot to death, but to date, I've yet to hear about the murder weapon. Has the District Attorney found the gun? It's not on my evidence list. Detective Pulaski was a highly valued and much-honored member of our police force. I personally had the pleasure of working with him many times over the past 15 years. For the record, I'm especially committed to bringing his killer to justice. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, no testimonial evidence has been presented which can place the murder weapon in Nicholas Morgante's personal possession prior to the shooting. No physical evidence has been presented which can place the murder weapon in Nicholas Morgante's personal possession prior to the shooting. So what are we left with, ladies and gentlemen? In America, is it enough for the police or the District Attorney to say, "I just think he did it"? - I think I know where it is. - You think you know where what is ? The murder weapon. The gun. Counselor? Mr. District Attorney? - Welcome back. - I'm terribly sorry, Your Honor. And is there something you'd like to share with the rest of the court, Counsel? Well, Your Honor, as a matter of fact, in the interest of justice, the prosecution respectfully asks the court for a recess due to an introduction of new evidence brought to our attention. Evidence that has a substantial bearing on the outcome of this case. In the casket, burried with detective Pulaski's body. - And you're sure? - Pretty sure. Yeah. Allison, I'm about to go ask for a court order to disturb this man's grave, exhume his body, open his casket and feel around, I'd like to go to the judge with a little more than pretty sure. Well I don't know what to tell you, it is a dream. You have to allow for a certain margin of error. Kind of inspired, isn't it? Bury the murder weapon with the victim. "Rest on piece"? I'll get a warrant. It's so unfair. Those earrings, I could tell you where you got them, when you got them, why they mean so much to you. but when it comes to my own husband, my own children, or anything to do with my own life. - Everything's a blur. - True for all of us, I'm afraid. - Kind of an elegant irony, isn't it? - You think so? Hey, what we don't know can't hurt us. But then you didn't come here to philosophize, did you? You came here for answers. I'm worried about my husband. I know. Do I have a reason to be? You know, I normally hesitate doing this kind of thing. People have trouble understanding when you talk to them about their futures. The days of our lives are a lot like the weather. If you look long enough and hard enough, you can absolutely find a miserable day on the horizon. Conversely, if you're patient enough, there's always a sunny one coming, too. I think the key is to focus on something fairly narrow. Keep the questions specific. Well, this is very specific. - Because you know I can't lie. - I'm not asking you to lie. All right, then. Uh... there's something medical going on, right? Yes. - It's... of no consequence - Oh my god, really? This biopsy business, it's nothing. You can put it right out of your mind. - So he's healthy? - Yes, he's healthy. He's extremely healthy. - You're sure? - Yes. I'm sure. I'm absolutely sure. So everything's okay? - Catherine? - Allison, I warned you. - "Everything" is a very big word. - What do you mean? - Oh, my God. It's not one of my children? - Don't do this to me. No, it's not the children. The... the subject was your husband. - But you said he was healthy. - And he is. So who is it? Is somebody sick? You said you couldn't lie. No, nobody is sick. Then why are you looking that way? What is it you're not telling me? It's your marriage, dear. My marriage? What about my marriage? Oh... There's a... a darkness there. A very real darkness. A crisis of some kind. It's imminent and it's significant. I... I wish I could tell you more, but... that's all I see. Mom, I just felt Bridgette's toothbrush and it's completely dry. Completely. And then I checked that special toothpaste she made you buy her. And it hasn't even been opened. She's lying, Mom. My toothbrush is soaking wet. You can check it. That's because she just wet it. That's because she just ran it under water. But she didn't actually brush her teeth with it. That tooth brush has never seen the inside of her mouth. Has, too, liar! It's seen it a lot. Mom, are you even listening? Mom? Mom...! If you're so worried about Dad, why don't you just call him? I'm not worried about Dad. I'm fine. Did you brush your teeth? What? Okay, bedtime. Let's not worry. I'm sure Daddy just got tied up in traffic or his cell phone broke - or something came up... - Hello, hello, hello... There he is. Well... hi. - Hi. - Hi. Hi. Sorry. Two steps from the door and Starkey calls a meeting. - You didn't call. - No. I know. There's no service in that wing for some reason. And you know, I tried to break away... And you couldn't. And you couldn't get your assistant to call? Girls. Come here, give me kiss good night. Remind me to call somebody tomorrow. There must be something wrong with that thermostat. It's really hot in this room. - I was worried, Joe. - I said I was sorry. It's 9:00. How am I supposed to know you're okay? How do I know you're not lying dead somewhere? If something had happened, somebody would've called. If I were dead, who are we kidding, you'd be the first to know. Not funny. Come, eat. No, they already brought food in. So aren't you going to ask me how my biopsy went? How'd your biopsy go? Fine. So can I get an estimate on how long it's going to take for you to reach room temperature again? 'Cause if there's time, I'd like to sneak in a shower here. A shower? You never shower at night. What can I tell you? I've been sitting with 20 people in a room built for ten. They shut off the air at 6:30. Does the shower not work after 9:00? - Fine. Go shower. - Thank you. Hey. I'm sorry. Hey. You're forgiven. And, uh... I'm sorry I didn't call. - Wow. Your lips are room temperature. - Really? What's the prognosis, Doc? What are you doing? Hey. Just relax. I want to be able to tell if it's growing. Very nice. This makes tremendous sense to me. I might not die from skin cancer, so you want to seal the deal with ink poisoning. Be still. This is a very delicate procedure. Done. If I knew I'd get this kind of reaction, I would've outlined all your moles. So tomorrow they exhume the body? They look for the gun? You nervous? Don't be. It'll be there. Why are we talking about this now? It's your work. I thought you found it interesting. I thought you wanted me to find it interesting. Well, don't go away mad. I don't know, Al, I think I'll take a rain check. You're putting out a weird energy tonight. You're the one who came home from work three hours late. I said I was sorry. Isn't there a statute of limitations on this kind of thing? Are we okay? Of course we're okay. I'm just... We're both tired. We're both cranky. That's all. Mommy, you're dropping stuff. - This came out of Daddy's pants. - Thank you. Mom? What are we waiting for? We're gonna be late. Mom?! Sir. Go over it for prints, then let's get it to ballistics. I'm nothing less than to stun by the Judge's decision to allow this gun as admissible evidence. And while I have the utmost respect for his honour, to ask this jury to believe that my client defiled the grave of a decorated police officer and a friend, and somehow managed to hide this weapon in a coffin that stood open and in full view of family and friends for two days... Well, I just can't understand why the District Attorney doesn't just do the honorable thing and go to the jury and admit, "We don't actually have a case, so we planted evidence." Excuse me. He's acting like he doesn't know what hit him, and I'm guessing that's because he doesn't. Now go home, and dream some more and tell me how long it takes me to win this case. - Allison Dubois? - Yes? You're ordered to appear and give testimony in the matter of The State of Arizona v. Nicholas Morgante. It's called an "on-call" subpoena. Half the people in the office get them. There's a number at the bottom. You call before 7:00 every morning, and they'll let you know if you have to appear. If you want, I'll have the office call in for you, give you a few extra minutes of sleep in the morning. Oh, it's okay. I have kids. I'm up at the crack of dawn anyway. But why would they want me to testify? They don't. It's a nuisance tactic. The more you spend worrying about whether or not you're going to testify, the less time you have to prepare a case against their client. That's me. Bye. Hey. I just got your message. Congratulations. Yeah, it's been quite a day. How's yours going? Uh, not so good. Looks like we're going to be pulling an all-nighter here. An all-nighter? Well, not all night, but we're not going to get out of here until at least 9:00. Anyway, soon as I heard I made up my business to sneak out of the meeting I was in and call you. - Thanks. - Listen, I gotta go. Kiss the kids for me. I'll try and call later. Okay. Bye. Hello? Hello? Hello? No. Great. I'll see you around 10:00. Okay, bye. I'm sorry about last night. What was it, like 11.30 when I stumbled in? I think some of these guys actually just want to work late just to break some record or something. It's like they don't have a life outside of that place. So what are you doing today? Well, I'm not going to testify if that what you mean. Court's in recess. Devalos wants to talk to me about something. He's going to come by around 10:00. - I thought you hated that shirt? - Huh? That shirt. The one you're wearing. I bought it for you. I liked it, and you hated it. - I never hated it. - You never wore it. You said it was juvenile. So what happened? Your shirt suddenly matured? - You wanted me to wear another shirt? - I'm just saying, I don't get it. You don't hate something for two years and suddenly you like it. I guess I finally get what you get. It's stylish. I like the shirt. Makes me feel good, has a nice cut. My wife bought it for me. I guess it doesn't seem juvenile to me anymore. I see. You taking the kids? Yeah. Got a call late last night. You're definitely testifying tomorrow when trial resumes. Oh. Okay. I guess. In fact, you're at the top of their witness list. Wait a second, I'm confused. The other day you said that serving me with a subpoena was no big deal, that they were just creating a new sense. Now I'm at the top of their list? - You know what probable cause is? - Of course I know what probable cause is. Well, when you told me you thought you knew where the gun was, in order to exhume Pulaski's body, I needed a search warrant. Okay. And in order to get that warrant, I had to show probable cause which is especially sensitive in this case. I mean, we were disturbing a dead man's grave. - Okay. So? - So, unfortunately, there is no judge who will issue a warrant based on the dream of a... a... - A nut like me? - Come on, Allison. Let's not make this any harder than it has to be. - It wasn't going to happen. - So? - So did what was necessary. - I don't know what that means. It means that sometimes you have to consider the greater good. I still don't know what that means. I requested the warrant based on information we received from an anonymous tip. You lied. And I indicated you were the one who received the tip. So tomorrow, they're gonna want me to get up on the stand, put my hand on a Bible, and swear to the fact that I actually received this tip? At the very least. But here is my bigger fear. You're Morgante. You've killed a police detective. Now somehow, you've managed to slip the murder weapon into your victim's casket prior to his burial. What are the chances that you told somebody-- anybody-- about what you did and how you did it, knowing that one slip of the tongue could cost you your life. I think they know there was no tip. I think they might have heard about you. I think they may have heard about what you do. Well then I can tell the truth. Allison, you're not getting this. The warrant's dirty, I lied to get it. If you get on the stand and say anything other than what I told the judge in the first place, he tosses out the gun as evidence. Not to mention my credibility with the jury is nil. All of a sudden it's not so hard to believe we're capable of planting Morgante's fingerprints on the gun. Planting the gun on the body, planting everything. - That's it and you want me to lie. - I want you to stick to the story. You work in my office. You're a consultant, and if he starts asking anything about dreams or psychic phenomenon... - Oh my god. - Just deny it, The more matter-of-factly you deny it, the sillier and more desperate he sounds. I don't know if I can do this. Allison, I did a terrible thing to you, and I'm sorry, but here we are. This isn't easy for me, coming here, asking you for this I'm an attorney, I believe in the law, I believe in the truth but I know this son of a bitch killed a police officer. He killed a police officer and then made the man's final resting place his own private joke. If there ever was a reason to lie, I... I'm sorry. I need to think. - Joe Dubois. - Hi, it's me. Hey, Al. Look. Something's happened and I need you home at the regular time tonight. I really need you here. Babe, you gotta know, if I could be here I would, but I ?hardly smile?. No, you're not hearing me. You tell Kelly not tonight. You tell Kelly your wife needs you, home with her. Okay. Sure. Thank you. Good night, baby. Good night, Mommy. - Good night, sweetie. - Good night, Mommy. You know, you ask me to come home. You said it was important. You haven't said a word to me since I got here. You want to clue me in on this crisis? Well, my boss stopped by the house today. Seems I've being called to testify tomorrow. And he wanted to know if it wouldn't be too much trouble if, when I got on the stand, I wouldn't mind perjuring myself. And why would he want you to do that? Well, it seems you can't get a search warrant in Arizona based on a psychic's dream, so he told the court that I got an anonymous tip and he wants me to testify to that. Well, I know that's not what you want to hear, but it sounds like pretty good advice to me. Did you hear any of what I just said? They want me to lie in court. - Yeah, I heard you. - I can't lie! I beg to differ, honey. Wasn't it just last week you told the cousins they couldn't come visit 'cause we were getting the house painted? This is in court. This is under oath. I heard that part, but, really, what choice do you have? - You don't understand. - Well I think I do. No, you don't, Joe. If I lie, I don't just betray myself, I betray whatever it is that makes it possible for me to see this stuff Really? You think so? You think if you get up there on the stand and testify, then that's it? No more scary dreams, no more hearing other people's thoughts, no more dead people hanging around the house and killing the mood 'cause I gotta tell you Allison, if that's the case, it's all the more reason to get up there and lie. You know what, Joe? I made a mistake. I shouldn't have called you. Go back to work. - Don't push me, Al. - What does that mean? It means, the way I'm feeling and the way you've been acting-- don't tempt me. - Whoa. Okay, so you're not a happy guy, huh? - Not right now. Not about this. Wait, wait. Let's be clear about this. About what? This. This pathological need that you seem to have to call the world's attention to the fact that you're... the way you are. - The way I am? - Oh, please. No! No! You know me, Joe. I am not a religious person. I'm not a Holy Roller, praise-the-Lord type, but whatever it is that allowed me to see that gun? It comes from a higher place, and I didn't want it and I didn't ask for it and sometimes I wish I never had it, but the fact is, I do have it. It is a part of me. And I'm proud of it, and to be put in this position... What position? I'm baffled. What is it that you actually want to do? You want to get up there and tell the truth? - Yeah. I do! - Are you crazy? Are you really that self-deluded? Leave it alone. I can't believe you're even entertaining the notion of it; Have you tought it through? Have you thought even half way through? Let it ring! Can you imagine the front page of our local paper if you do this? Can you imagine the 6:00 news? Have you thought about the impact that's going to have on our girls, at school, in the playground? Have you thought about the impact that's gonna have on me, at my job, out in the world? This isn't about you. And whatever cosmic channel your getting your vibes from. This is about all of us. Is this something you really wanna do? I don't know! Hello! Yeah. Just a moment. It's for you. It's Kelly. Hello. No, it's a family thing. It's right there on the desktop on the file marked "Kelly." Okay, see you in the morning. - Kelly Charles is a man. - Kelly Charles is an animal. Kelly Charles is the reason I've been sleepwalking for the last week. Davenport brought him in on the drone project to kick our asses and make some deadlines. - Him. - Yes. Of course. Oh, my God. Kelly wasn't the crisis. Me, taking the stand, you wanting me to lie. This fight that we're having. This is the crisis. I have actually no idea what you're talking about. And ?further? I have no idea what you've decided. Well, 'cause I don't know what I've decided, except I'd really like you to be there. I mean, if Kelly would give you the time. 'Cause I have to tell you, if I have to get up on the stand and perjure myself and lie to God and a judge, then I really want your ass sitting there in the front row when I do it. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? I do. Mrs. Dubois, could you tell the court what you do for a living? I work for the District Attorney's office on a part-time basis here in Phoenix. And what do you do for the District Attorney's office? Do you have a... a job title? - I'm a freelance consultant. - A freelance consultant? Can you be more specific? I studied case law and criminal law in college. - So you're a legal consultant? - Yes. I suppose you could say that. And how long have youn at the D.A.'s office? Two months, although prior to that, I interned there. - And do you have a law degree? - No, I do not. I see. Well, then, could you briefly walk us through what a typical workday would look like for you at the D.A.'s office? Objection, Your Honor. How in the world would an understanding of a typical workday for Mrs. Dubois contribute to this case? Your Honor, the name, Allison Dubois, appears on a search warrant used to obtain crucial evidence in the prosecution of my client. Now, given that fact, the court has a right to know specifically what Mrs. Dubois's involvement in this case is, and what her function was within the office of the District Attorney. Overruled. You may answer the question, Mrs. Dubois. On a typical day, I might interview a witness or witnesses involved in a possible crime. I might be asked to take statements from such witnesses. On occasion, I've been asked to monitor interrogation of suspects. You do all that for the District Attorney without a law degree? Wow. - There must be something very special about you . - My husband seems to think so. This is the warrant ordering the exhumation of detective Pulaski's body . Now, according to the information on line seven, it was granted on the basis of an anonymous tip which you allegedly received. - Am I correct? - Yes. What is not indicated anywhere on this warrant is how you received this anonymous tip. Did it come in the form of a phone call from this person? - No, it did not. - No phone call. So, this... this anonymous tipster, did you meet him face-to-face? Objection, Your Honor. Answering the question assumes a degree of specificity and, as a result, compromises the anonymity of our source. Overruled. Please answer the question. So once again, Mrs Dubois, are you testifying that you actually met this anonymous tipster face-to-face? Oh, yes. - You did? - I certainly did. Now I am impressed. You say you've worked for the District Attorney's office for how long? - Two months. - Two months. Not a very long time. But here you are, with an anonymous source seeking you out. Contacting you instead of the lead detective involved in this case. Contacting you instead of the District Attorney. Contacting you instead of the Assistant District Attorney or the Assistant-Assistant, or the dozens of other law inforcement individuals involved in this case. That's a hell of a story, Mrs. Dubois. Your Honor, is Counsel asking questions of the witness or offering a summation to the jury? - Mr Watt... - My apologies your honor, it won't happen again. And with that in mind, I'm gonna ask you a simple direct question, Mrs. Dubois. And remember, you're under oath. You swore to tell the truth. - What is it you're not telling us? - Excuse me? You're Honor, he's asking the witness to question herself! Mr. Watt, you'd better come to some kind of logical conclusion here. That's exactly what I'm trying to do, Your Honor. I'm trying to find the logic here. Now, the witness has testified that she's only worked for the district attorney's office for two months. That she has no law degree, no real authority. And yet, someone with vitally important information sought her out. It doesn't seem logical. It doesn't make any sense. - Unless... - Unless what, Counsel? Unless the witness enjoyed a special and privileged relationship with the informant that she's not sharing with the Court. - Objection. - Overruled. Isn't that really what the situation is here, Mrs. Dubois? Did you enjoy a "special and privileged" relationship with this tipster that you're not sharing with the court? - I don't know what you mean. - I think you do. I think you know exactly what's so special about you that you were at that cemetery the other day. I think you know exactly what's so special about you that the District Attorney keeps you around despite the fact that you have no law degree. I think you know exactly what is so special about you that this anonymous tipster sought you out over and above everyone else involved with this case. And I think it goes to the very core of who you are and what you do for the District Attorney, doesn't it Mrs. Dubois. Objection. What is the question? The question is... "What makes you so special, Mrs. Dubois? "What do you really do for the District Attorney? Who are you rea1ly, Mrs. Dubois?" Well, I'm not Adam Humphreys. What did she just say? - She said, "I'm not Adam Humphreys." - Who the hell is Adam Humphreys? - What did you just say? - Adam Humphreys. He took your bar exam for you. - I can't hear them. Can you hear them? - After you cheated, but still failed three times. - Counselor, I need you to take your hand off the microphone. - And I'm not Dean Gardner. You bribed him to keep quiet in your last murder trial. - And I'm not Shannon Leel. - Objection, your honor, the defense is having a private conversation with the witness. - 'Cause you're cheating on your wife with her. - Mr. Watt, remove your hand from the microphone - and back away from the witness, please. - So now you know. - Do you really want to keep asking me who I am... - Mr. Watt... - ...at the risk of everyone finding out who you are? - Don't make me get the bailiff to remove you. Bailiff? Assist Defense Counsel back to his seat, please. Sir. No, I'm fine. I'm fine. Will the court reporter please read back the last question from Counsel? "The question is, 'What makes you so special, Mrs. Dubois? What do you really do for the District Attorney? Who are you really, Mrs. Dubois?'" I'm just a part-time consultant trying to do her job. No further questions, Your Honor. We reserve the right to recall this witness at another time. Thanks. Negative. The biopsy was negative. Boy, for someone who just dodged a major bullet, you seem a little down. What is it, it's all over now, you maybe a little disappointed? About what? I don't know, not being able to get up there and declare who you are, what you do? No, I don't think so. I fear that day is coming no matter what we do. It's a tough secret to keep. I'll call the baby-sitter just to check in. What is it? Something's still eating at you. I can feel it. It's nothing. It's probably nothing. You know me, every day is cloudy, every dream's a nightmare. I'm sure it's nothing. I need more wine. Hello? Can we get another glass here? Oh my god. - She's choking. - Somebody! - You okay? - Yeah. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Can't believe it actually works. Sit down, sit down. Glass water? - Thank you. - You're welcome. All in a day's work. What are you smiling at?