The map says it's near the rock quarry. Thanks for the help. Hello? Hello? Anybody back there? I told her... I told Leanne we couldn't live without each other. But she wouldn't come back to me. No, no. Wait... Nice to see you again, Mrs. Dubois. I hope I didn't frighten you. Agent Cooper? What are you doing here? I told you I never want to see you again. Actually, I'm here to make a peace offering. Did you ever hear of a murderer nicknamed "The Gentleman Caller"? Abducted five young women back in the 1980s? Never was caught. For a while now, the police have assumed that he's either dead or in prison on some unrelated crime. They're wrong. The Gentleman Caller is very much alive. Would you like his name and address? - What are you doing? - I told you, I'm attempting to make amends. His name is Kyle Hawkins. Kyle Hawkins? When he would finish with his victims, he liked to bury them on the edge of Phoenix. The only problem is, a housing development is going up at that location. They're breaking ground in a week. Tonight he's going to dig up the remains of his girls and move them to a safer place. If you instruct the police to go to the very end of Gayley Hill Drive at approximately 8:30, you'll catch him in the act. No ambiguity, Mrs. Dubois, no room for deception. Kyle Hawkins... Kyle Hawkins? That's what Agent Cooper said his name was. Agent Cooper. Tips from the dead. Well, he was one of the FBI's best profilers. Emphasis on the "was." Look, I don't know how seriously to take this either. The man certainly had no problem lying to me in the past. On the other hand, if what he's saying is the truth... I suppose we can spare a couple of squad cars tonight. In the meantime, I'll see what I can find out about this Hawkins fellow. See if there actually is a Hawkins fellow. - Is there something else? - Actually, there is. Just before I discovered Agent Cooper in my kitchen, I had a dream about... I guess you could call it a massacre. It happened at a place called Mike's Diner. Armed gunman went in, shot everybody inside. I'm not sure where Mike's Diner is, other than... it may be near a place called Scofield Road, which is supposed to be near a rock quarry. I have no idea when it happened, or if it's happened yet, but it seemed to have occurred during the daytime. Mike's Diner, Scofield Road, rock quarry. And the shooter was upset with his girlfriend... his ex-girlfriend... Leanne. She works there. One serial killer, one diner massacre... got it. Anything else? Thanks for coming all the way to the airport to see me. Of course, you're the boss. Happy to do it. What brings you to Phoenix? Oh, refuel on the way to Japan. Oh. Cheers. I realized I had a whole 45 minutes here. Thought maybe I'd use it to talk to you about staffing. Staffing? I want to hit you with a name. Hal Munzell. After 20 years an arrest has finally been made</i> in the notorious "Gentleman Caller" murders.</i> Police, acting on an anonymous tip, discovered Kyle Hawkins digging a hole...</i> Can you believe that? - What's that? - Kyle Hawkins. He was exactly where Agent Cooper said he would be. Doing exactly what Cooper said he'd be doing. Maybe he really is sorry. Maybe he meant what he said. Maybe. Come on. I just helped solve a 20-year-old murder case. I'm sorry. I just can't understand why Terry is so impressed with this guy. This is the most unspectacular resume I've ever seen. Didn't you already call him, ask him to come in? Well, I left him a message. What choice did I have? Who knows, with any luck, maybe he won't get back to me. I guess I spoke too soon. Nope, I don't think so. I think it's mine. Hello. I'm guessing you're the reason our esteemed D.A. sent me out here to visit Mike's Diner. You're kidding. You're out there? I just left. Had some excellent chicken pot pie, too, by the way.</i> So everything's okay? Well, it depends how you define okay.</i> That waitress you told Manny about, Leanne, she's fine.</i> So are all the people at the diner. That's terrific news. Yeah, well, hold that thought. You don't happen to be anywhere near a computer, do you? 'Cause... I'm about to send you an e-mail. There. This guy look familiar? Hold on, I'm just getting the e-mail open. Oh, my God. This the guy you saw massacre everyone at that diner? Everything all right? I'm going to take that for a yes. The guy's name was Adam Dietz.</i> Leanne gave us his address. I guess the two of them are an item. No, were an item. Apparently she left him after he lost his job. Poor guy was about to lose his house, too. Even left a handy suicide note, lest there'd be any confusion</i> about what he did or why he did it. So he never even went over there? He never threatened anyone at all? Nope. Hey, that's the good news. Looks like the only life this guy took was his own. I guess we'll compare notes in the morning?</i> I guess. No, wait, I don't want to do this. Don't make me do this. Fine. Shall I shoot you in the groin now? Adam, we talked about this. Either you hang yourself or I shoot you six times. First shot in the groin. We wait ten minutes. Second shot in the eye. We wait another ten. - Third shot in the Adam's apple... - All right, all right, I'm sorry! Never mind! Now jump. Please, no, I don't think I can. Don't make me do this. - I can't do this. - You can do it, Adam, it's easy. Please, no! Don't make me do this! Hi. Can I help you? Hal Munzell. I received your message on my voice mail. Oh, right, yeah. I asked you to call me. I know. I thought this might be better. Oh, well, to be honest, I prefer to sort of set aside some time and, you know... Is this a bad moment? Have you got an appointment? Am I disrupting something? No, it's all right. You're fine. Have a seat, Mr. Mun... Munzal? Munzell. Munzell. Okay. All right, yeah, I was looking... I was looking at your résumé last night. Here we go. Well, I see that you moved around quite a little bit. You don't seem to stay in one place for very long and I just was curious why. I suppose that over time, I find that I don't much like my colleagues, or perhaps they find that they don't much like me. My boss, Terry Cavanaugh, he took a real shine to you. Where did you two meet? We were at a conference. He made a pass at the woman I was with. Okay. I... I'm just starting to meet people, and I see you're at... at Taylor-Hammond in Houston, which is good, because it may be a while before I figure out exactly which way I'm gonna go with this position. You know, listen, when I was on the plane with Terry... - You were on the plane with Terry? - He mentioned you were struggling with the dye sensitizer mechanisms in your solar cell. And I put some thought into it, and I came up with some ideas. Thought maybe you would like to take a look. I don't know what to tell you, Allison. - It just didn't look like a murder. - It may not, but I'm telling you, that man was forced to put that rope. And what about the note the guy left? He was forced to write that, too? Yeah, as a matter of fact, I am. Allison, look at the physical evidence. There were no signs of forced entry, no signs of struggle, no defensive wounds. And it's not like the guy didn't have a reason to do what he did. Allison, what is it you'd like me to do? The only description you've given me is, the guy was wearing a hoodie. Do I haul in every male in the Phoenix metro area who owns a hoodie? And need I remind you that just 24 hours ago, you told me you saw the victim... the exact same guy I saw swinging from a rafter last night... massacre a diner full of people? I'm sorry, no offense, but you're not on your A game here, lady. I think maybe you just need to take a step back. You'd be hard-pressed to find a more unlikable human being. - Don't hire him. - I wouldn't, except for two things. My boss is championing the guy, and these drawings are amazing. - What do you mean? - Well, look, I couldn't figure out why Terry would have anything to do with him, but now I look at the work, I totally get it. I mean, this guy really is a spectacular thinker. His solution for our dye sensitizer problems really are amazing. I mean, I don't think I have a choice. Okay, that's it. It's done. What's done? I just wrote Terry and told him I'm hiring his friend. And then, I e-mailed Hal. Told him I'd be interested in having him start as soon as possible. You really are a man of action. No, I just know the inevitable when I see it. Besides, you don't have to... like everyone you work with, right? I'm trying to build a company, not start a club. Spoken like a true captain of industry. Which is great, 'cause it might just be time for me to retire. What are you talking about? Well, I don't know. It seems more and more lately, the things that I see, the things that I dream, there's not a lot to them. If that's the case, what's the point? Is this sleeplessness a product of your excitement over the capture of the Gentleman Caller? Congratulations. No, thank you. We both know it wouldn't have happened without your help. I'm just pleased that we've finally begun to repair our relationship. You gave me some good information, and I'm grateful, but I wouldn't call this... this association a relationship. Michael Bradley. Who's Michael Bradley? A serial rapist with a predilection for women with blonde hair. He's struck four times over the last 18 months. Two of his victims were high school students. The last girl that he attacked fought back. And the police were able to recover a hair sample. If they could locate this man and procure some of his DNA, I think that they would find a perfect match. Convicting him would be a relatively simple matter. Tell me, Mrs. Dubois. Would you like his home address? I can't. You have to. But I don't understand. You're just a boy. Allison... this police report is crystal clear. Three weeks ago, Rachel Stetson took her own life, period. - End of story. - She was forced to inject herself, just like that man was forced to hang himself. By some boy? She was being treated for chronic depression... she even said as much in the note she left for her husband. I think the boy told her what to write. I'll play along. So, there's this teenager. He can get in and out of houses and apartments without leaving any sign of forced entry. And without firing a single shot, he can convince people two, three times his own age to take their own lives without putting up a struggle. Forget how... why? I don't know. I'm not trying to embarrass you. What would you like me to do? I can't really assign a detective, because no actual crimes have been reported. I could put you with a composite artist, but... once we have a sketch, what would we do with it? If you had a name, I could have someone interview the kid, at least determine where he was on the nights in question, but without a name, I'm really at a loss. You know... the detective assigned to the youth crimes task force... he keeps an up-to-date collection of all the high school yearbooks in the metro area. Maybe you could flip through those, see if you could find his picture, get a name. Thank you. I'd like that. Here, sorry. I almost forgot. "Michael Bradley, 1714 Andover Lane." Forgive me, what is this? That's the address for the serial rapist you've been looking for, the one who likes blonde high school girls. - Really, is this something you dreamed? - No. But I think it's reliable information. I had nothing to do with it. Dad? Hey. Everything okay? I don't know. Where did you get these? These? A fellow who came in looking for a job gave them to me... why? I know this is gonna sound strange, but I think I had a dream about them last night. About these? About schematics? I pretty much put it out of my head until I saw them sitting on your laptop just now. Okay, what about them? I can't imagine they'd make much of a dream. Well, they didn't really. There was this guy, and he was standing in the middle of nothing with some papers in his hand. And he kept screaming, "These are mine. "Tell your father these are mine. They belong to Clay." The police haven't arrested Michael Bradley yet. You scared me. They're staking out his apartment. They'll pick him up soon. I wouldn't be so sure of that. I overheard Bradley's brother tip him off about the stakeout. Now he's hiding at a friend's apartment. It's on the corner of Western and Del Mar. Wait a second. Western and Del Mar? Thank you. I'll pass that along. What's with this sudden fascination with high school boys? I'm looking for this killer that I've been dreaming about. I think he goes to this high school. I can't question him. I can't go in the school and ask about him. I have no evidence. Just wanted to see him in the flesh, make sure I was right. What do you mean, no evidence? There's always evidence. If there is murder, slaughter of some kind, there's evidence. No, you're wrong. He's very clever. He makes it look like suicide. Really? You indicated that he was a serial offender. Serial offenders are, by their nature, peacocks. They almost never disguise their crimes. They want their activities written about. They want their personas speculated about. I'm sorry, Mrs. Dubois. I'm skeptical. You're not alone. Pretty raw. Kind of interesting. So, what is it you want to show me? What's so damned important? What's this? What am I looking at? It's an obituary for a... a guy named Clay Barrett. 37... he was young. What's this got to do with me? He died four months ago of a brain aneurysm. Before that, he worked at Taylor-Hammond. He was something of a wunderkind. He taught grad seminars on the dye sensitization of solar cells when he was an undergraduate, when he was, like, a sophomore. Now, Hal Munzell shared an office with him for two years. I know you're very excited about Hal's designs, but I'm worried they might not be his. That's a serious accusation, Joe. Who's making it? Somebody at Taylor-Hammond? Actually, my source did work at Taylor-Hammond. - Did? - He longer works there. I didn't actually talk to him myself. He reached out through somebody that... that I'm very close to, somebody that I really trust. Fine. - Can you give me a name? - I'd rather not. Is there any proof, anything to back this story up? No. But like I said, this is somebody that I trust. A lot. I'm sorry, maybe you trust this person, but... I don't think I could let a man go on the say-so of... some unnamed, disgruntled former colleague. - It's not like that. - It's exactly like that. According to you, this person couldn't even screw up enough courage to make the accusation in person. Had to go through some third party. Frankly, Joe, I'm surprised you'd waste my time with this. Terry, you know about my wife, right? You telling me you got this idea from your wife? No, actually, it came from my daughter. I'm tired. I've been on a plane all day. I'm still not home. So I shouldn't care that he might be a thief? Hey, I'd care if you could prove it. But you can't. You don't want Hal on your team, fine. All you have to do is to beat his idea. Save me more time, save me more money. If you can't do that... You forgot to clean the outside of the cylinder. Remember how I showed you? Congratulations, by the way. You followed my instructions to the T. Apparently, there's not a shred of physical evidence to tie you to the deaths of these people. That's impressive. That's... very impressive. And the way you slipped in and out of that house and that woman's apartment. You have a real talent for this line of work. I keep thinking about them, though. Both of them. The way they pleaded for their lives, you know, the looks on their faces. The guy was so scared. That woman... she was so sad. That will pass, but the accomplishment will live on, and that's what you need to revel in, young man, the accomplishment. If you hadn't done what you did, that man would have gotten up the next morning, gone to that diner and snuffed out all those lives. Saving seven or eight innocent souls in the return for the death of one sociopath... I'd say that's a pretty good trade. If you're calling the police, I wouldn't bother. By the time they were able to search young Brandon's home, the weapon would be long gone. How long did it take, once you realized he was sensitive, that he could see you, hear you? How long did it take? What's the difference? I need someone to help me, and you were unwilling. He's a child! You've got him killing for you! - You're a monster. - I'm a monster? What about Adam Dietz? You dreamt about what he was prepared to do to everyone in that diner. And Rachel Stetson, that woman that you saw injecting herself. Did you know that she was a nurse? Perhaps you also heard that she was struggling with depression. But what you couldn't have been aware of was her growing sense of despair over the deterioration of the health care system she labored in. She had actually become convinced that death might just be preferable to the level of care that she was able to provide. So convinced that if Brandon had not done what I had asked him to do, she would have secretly and purposefully euthanised 16 patients before she was caught! We are talking about a child! - It cannot continue! - It must continue! You and I... have done a lot of good together over the past few days. We have put some terrible people in prison. That can continue, Mrs. Dubois. I'll keep sharing information with you, good information, but only... if you allow my other work to go on unimpeded. That's what this is all about, isn't it? You knew I was dreaming about you and the boy. That's why you came to see me in the first place. Did you actually think that if you gave me enough information about criminals we weren't able to catch, that I would let you two keep murdering people? Good night, Agent Cooper. You won't be able to catch him. You won't be able to stop him. There'll be no evidence... I'll make certain of that. I'm already in his head. You can't save him. There's virtually no "him" left to save. Why not reconsider? It's such an elegant arrangement. Promise me you'll sleep on it. Hey, Hal. When you're all settled in, I'd like to go over your plans for the dye sensitizer. See if we can't tie up a few loose ends. What's wrong with the plans I gave you? No, nothing. They helped a lot. But we still need to figure out how to get better absorption out of the semiconductor. And we need to address the electron recombination in the mediator level. May I? What's going on, Hal? I'm gonna be perfectly honest with you, Joe. I'm not really an office kind of a guy. I tend to do my very best work at my house. There are fewer distractions there, I can really focus on the problems that I need to solve, and... if it's all the same to you, I'd like to take these home with me and noodle with them there, and bring you my absolute best as opposed to... whatever I can muster here. Brandon? Brandon Whitman? My name's Allison. I'm friends with Agent Cooper. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm nothing like you. You're exactly like me. You can see him, so can I. The only difference is, I don't kill for him. Where is everybody? "Everyone" is my mom. Everyone's at work. And when not, everyone's with her boyfriend. What do you want? Why are you in my house? I work for the district attorney's office. I want to help you. - I don't need any help. - Yes, you do. - You could be tried for murder. - I don't think so, 'cause all those people you keep talking about, they killed themselves. No, they decided to end their lives quickly rather than face the slow death you were threatening. Can you prove that? I'm offering you a way out. Come with me to the district attorney's office. We will explain what happened. How you started hearing Cooper's voice in your head. How your mom tried to get you treatment and medication, but it didn't work. You're still a minor. The court will show you mercy. Mercy? They should give me a medal. Do you know how many lives I've saved? I go to school, I look at all the other kids. The captain of the team, the girl who stars in all the plays, and they're like the overachievers, the ones who get in all the good colleges, that everybody talks about. What have they done? Played a game, sang a song? Look at what I do. All the people in that diner were going to die. All the patients that woman cared for, she was gonna kill. - And you're gonna stop us? Why? - Because it's wrong. But it's not wrong! You know... When he first started appearing to me, I would ignore him, pretend I couldn't see. He was screaming at me about this guy in Scottsdale. Said he was depressed and was gonna take his .38 and shoot his wife and two kids right before he blew his own brains out. Agent Cooper asked me if I would do something about it. He said he'd show me how to get in the house, what to say, what to do. I just ignored him. The next day, I wake up, my mom's watching the news. "Murder-suicide in Scottsdale." Some guy snaps, kills his whole family. I could have saved them. No. You know I'm right. - No, I don't. - It's like he always says, "Just do the math." You kill one guilty person, you save two innocent ones. You kill 20, you save a hundred. You kill a hundred, you save a thousand. - Do the math. - This isn't math! This is something else. It's vigilantism, and it's wrong. No, it isn't. It's really kind of perfect. Anyway, you're gonna have to leave. I have... homework. Honey, you coming to bed? Someday. What if you can't do it? What if you can't come up with a solution that improves on Hal's? Don't say that. Don't even put that out there. Maybe I should just surrender and get used to the fact that Hal... thieving, slimy, untrustworthy Hal is someone I'm going to just have to see every day of my professional life. When and if he chooses to come into the office, that is. You all right if I stay out here for a bit? I'll see you soon. Daddy? - Daddy? - Yeah. Ariel, what'd you... what's going on? Everything all right? What time is it? - Oh, God. What are you doing up? - I don't know. It's like midnight or something. I had another dream about that Clay guy. He wanted me to tell you something. Oh you did? What? He wants you to look at something called the Mellinger Equation. "Mellinger Equation"? - Do you mean Mallinger? - Yeah. He says you're supposed to "apply "1-ethyl-3 and then extrapolate it from four vectors". What? He kept screaming it at me, until I promised I'd wake up and write it down. Why? Why did you leave? I just got off the phone with the hospital again. For the moment at least, he's... he's still hanging on. I'll keep you posted. I appreciate that. It was in front of us the whole time, Terry. We just didn't see it. The Mallinger Equation. It really does solve all of our dye sensitizer problems. The key is applying it to a lighter photosensitive material, and then applying Mallinger to four additional surface vectors, thereby reducing the amount of external sensitization that's required. Thereby reducing our material costs by... what? Three, maybe four percent? It might even go so high as five. What can I say, Joe? I guess I underestimated just how much you dislike working with Hal Munzell. Are you on board with this? I'm a man of my word, Joe. Consider him gone. Well, if he ever comes back in the office, I'll be sure to let him know. That's great, Joe. Well, I guess sometimes things do work out the way they're supposed to. Soon, I hope. They're still operating. Devalos and I are just waiting. Joe, I gotta go. Tell the girls I'll be home in a bit. Douglas Reilly just expired. "Dear Joe, I made a decision to end my life tonight..." Hello again, Mrs. Dubois. Nice note, don't you think? I'm going to need you to sign that. By the way, I'm have a gun in my left hand which is pointed directly at the center of your spine. A single bullet at this close proximity, even through the rear of your seat, should disable but not kill you immediately, causing unimaginable pain. - Brandon, don't do this. - Sign the note, put the key in the ignition and drive to the roof. There are video cameras all over this lot. You're being recorded right now. Not tonight. The system's down. Will be until it's serviced tomorrow. Agent Cooper is very thorough. You ought to know that by now. Agent Cooper? This was his idea? Our work is very important. We can't let you get in the way. Now, I'm going to need you to climb up on that wall. - I can't do that, Brandon. - I think you will. You're going to climb up on that wall, and jump off it, 'cause if you don't, I will shoot you, Mrs. Dubois. You're going to have to shoot me. What's the matter? Didn't Cooper tell you this might happen? No he didn't, did he? 'Cause he didn't know. Just like he didn't know about Douglas Reilly. Who... who's Douglas Reilly? I'm going to get... Douglas Reilly is a man who... actually did commit suicide last night, and not because anybody was threatening him, but because he lost his wife, and he couldn't imagine spending another day without her. See him? His wife's name was Rachel Stetson. His wife was a killer. So, it's like Cooper says. Do the math. No, no, no. You do the math. His wife hadn't killed anybody. Anybody. Not yet. And I'm starting to think she probably never would have. Wait a second. What are you saying? I'm saying, honey, the future isn't fixed. It isn't certain. It is fluid. Agent Cooper couldn't have known that Rachel Stetson was going to kill all those people. Or that somebody wouldn't have discovered her. Or that she wouldn't have had a change of heart. Any more he could have been certain that Adam Dietz was going to walk into that diner and blow everyone away. Who's to say that somebody wouldn't have stopped him? Who's to say that he wouldn't have stopped himself? No, he saw it. He, he knew it. He was certain of it. He even said you dreamt about it. I did. I did. My dreams are always, always fooling with me. You can... you can call my husband. - Call the people I work with. - So what are you saying? I'm saying... do the math, Brandon. Cooper's using you. He wants you to think that he's infallible, but he isn't. I am never gonna jump off that wall. So, you're gonna have to kill me. Or better yet, give me that gun. Give me the gun, we're going to get back in the car, we'll drive downstairs, we'll talk to my boss. That's just not an option, Mrs. Dubois. We don't have much time. Pull the trigger. We'll drive the car away, leave her here, make it look like a carjacking. Is what she's saying right? Is it possible I forced those people to kill themselves for no reason at all? It's highly unlikely, Brandon. And we could hardly afford to wait and just let awful things happen. That would've defeated our entire purpose. Now pull the trigger. You said she was going to jump! Give me the gun, Brandon. If you don't kill her, she will arrest you. - And you will go to prison. - I told you, we'll go talk to my boss. I believe that he will recommend that the court show you mercy. I wouldn't count on mercy, son. You've already had a hand in the deaths of three people. Now pull the trigger! There you go. Don't. Now, do what you have to do. There's no reason to feel doubt or uncertainty, Brandon. He is using you. None of this is your fault. Don't listen to her, Brandon. What we're doing is right. We're making the world better. You'll see. Once you've actually pulled that trigger, everything will change. You'll feel wonderful. - What are you doing?! - Brandon, no! Where have you been? I've been worried about you. First I was at... at the hospital.