What do you mean,at iis place? This is our bedroom. You're in our bed. Con,hurry up,'cause I got to meet Terry at 10:00. Are you wearing tennis whites? Yes,I'm wearing tennis whites. The are the rules at the club. Come on. Come on. Girls got their riding lessons in 45 minutes. Joe,I don't know what's going on here. But this is not our house. What are you talng about? This is our house. Of course it's our house. I'll show you the deed if you don't believe me. Damn. I know how to live. Dad,I think the heater in the pool's broken. We have a pool? Of course we have a pool. How else would we swimming every day? Are you okay Mom? Yeah, I-I guess so. Actually,I think I'm... I'm great. This place is amazing. It's everything we ever wanted. What's back there? well,let me guess. It's maid's quarters? Hey,Allison. Allison,hey,hey,hey! What are you doing? What do you mean? I'm checking out my house. Okay,that's fine. But we don't go in that room. You ow that. Oh,come on,everybody. Lighten up. It's just a room. Mom,we're not allowed to go in there. Not ever. That's the deal,remember? Deal? What deal? This is our house,isn't it? This is our room. - Allison! - Mom! -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- proudly presents</font> -=http://sfile.ydy.com=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season05 Episode13 & 14 How to Make a Killing in Big Business</font> "Roof is to house as summit is to..." - Mountain? - Good. "Composer is to melody as autr is to..." - Uh,book. - Excellent. That is the dumbest question I have ever heard. What's that supposed to teach you? "If you're looking for a melody, don't look in a book?" I don't t it. It's an analogy. It's not supposed to teach you anything. It tests your understanding of language. And Daddy's helping me get ready for the PSATs. - What's that? - It's a test. Okay,and if I do well enough,that means I might get into a good college, which means I can move far away and never see you again. So,please, leave me alone so I can practice. Any chance you could take the girls in today? Lee just called me. He wants me to meet him at Fountain Hills. Yeah. Hello? May I speak with Allison Dubois? Well,may I ask who's calling? My name is Caitlyn Lynch. I'm with the Lydecker Corporation. I know this is going to sound kind of out of the blue, but I've been tracking your career for some time now. I was wondering if it might be possible to set up a meeting withou to discuss a potential business opportunity. Uh,what kind of "business opportunity"? Well,I'd rely prer to discuss that with you person. I actually have an opening in my schedule at 1:00 today. Is there any possibility we could meet for lunch? Lunch today? I don't think so. I'm working. Well,I'm happy to come to you. I was thinking we could meet at Firmament. Firmament? Well,that's very nice of you, but don't think I can meet you for lunch today at Firmament. Is there a day that might be better? I don't think so. You know,I really have to get going,uh, Caitlyn,but thank you for thinking of me. You just turned down lunch at Firmament? That's the hottest place in town. Who wanted to take you there? I don't know. Some woman from the Lydecker Corporation. She wanted to talk to me about a "business opportunity." The Lydecker Corporation? Don't they make everything? Maybe you should hear what she has to say. No,I don't think so. She probably read about me in the papers last year, wants to hire me for some kind of "private reading." You know I'm not really interested in that kind of thing. I don't know,for a lunch at Firmament, maybe you could feign a little interest. Her name's Autumn Colville. She's a paralegal who works downtown. Her mother reported her missing yesterday. Autumn's car is still parked in her parking spot. Her parents found groceries,still in their bags,melting on her kitchen counter, so I think it's highly likely she was abducted from her apartment. Autumn's mom said we're welcome to do another walk-through. Tell me if you can see anything. Sure,of course. I just hope I can be of some kind of help. Oh,my God... What's the matter? Oh,the blood. And that corpse. What corpse? She was right there. Autumn Colville. She was lying right there,dead. Oh,her eyes... Someone had taken her eyes. We've been through this lace a few times; there's been no idence to suggest that kind of violence occurred here. I mean,look at this place. Well,I saw it. Who's to say that the killer didn't clean up after himself? Well,I guess we'll get the crime scene boys to come back,take another look. Thank you. T-minus 13 days and counting. You ready? I don't know. I've been taking practice tests, but I have to find a way to go my verbal aptitude. I'm thinking about asking permission to come to school on Saturday. Sit in an empty classroom and just take a simulated test. So I know what it's gonna feel like on the d of the real one, you know? - Seriously? - Yeah,why not? Ariel! Ashley! Did you guys hear the news? What news? What's going on? Do you remember Stacey Anne Burrows? Yeah,she transferred to Holy Child after junior high. Why? - She died yesterday. - What? Her parents got her a car for her 16th birthday. And she rolled it yesterday on her way home from school. Landed upside-down in a ravine. You know what the creepiest part is? The crash didn't kill her. Her car filled up with water and she drowned. Allison Dubois? - Do I know you? - No. But I know all about you. I'm Caitlyn Lynch. We spoke this morning. Right. Hi. Sorry to ambush you like this, but I don't know if I was able to get my point across to you on the phone. No,I think you were perfectly clear. but frankly,private readings, things like that I... Hey wait a second. Is that... Is that what you thought I was calling about? A private reading? Let me,let me explain who I am,what I do. I'm what people refer to as a "corporatentuitionist." That a job title you've heard before? Like you,I sense things. See things,for a living. But while you use your gifts in the public sector, I'm under contract to a multinational corporation. - Wait a second. You're a... - Psychic? Well,my official title is Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy. But,yes,I've developed a reputation for being... sensitive to business trends. The success or failure of products in development. Shifts in public appetites. It's brought me a lot of money. The man I work for,Mr. Lydecker, is a great believer in unconventional thinking when it comes to business. He's a leader,not a follower. And he and I were wondering if we could possibly entice you into coming and working with us. You offering me a job? Well,that's...that's very flattering, but I genuinely like what I'm doing now,what I'm doing here. And besides,I-I don't know anything about pducts or trends or appetites. Believe me,I didn't start out dreaming about market shortfalls, or,or impulse buys based on psychographic data. But I do now. And you will,too. Think about it. Obviously,we're talking about a high six-figure salary. Discuss it with your husband. If ye intrigued,givee a call. What did you say? I didn't say anything. I didn't really get a chance. She told me to call her if I was interested. Well,you are interested,aren't you? I don't know. I don't know. I guess I'm intrigued. That's the word she kept using-- intrigued. What exactly does it mean when they say higsix figures? It means you need toall her tomorrow. You need to find out what this is all about. I didn't even know people like me worked for big corporations. This woman Caitlyn said she spots trends. I don't know anything about trends. Come on. Don't do that. Don't do what? What am I doing? You're just doing this "shucks thing". Don't do that shucks thing. Look,I'd just like to see you acknowledge the fact that you're very good at what you do. and an enormous corporation has taken notice of that and according to this Caitlyn woman, they're willing to pay you hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to do it for them. I think you need to take this seriously. I think you need to calthis woman. If you don't like what you hear,then fine. But you owe it to yourself,to the kids, to me to at least give it a listen. Sir,I'm sorry to bother you. Oh,hey,you must have read my mind. Really,what did it say? I'm sorry. You came to see me. Yes,um,I need to take a little personal time this afternoon. I know it's short notice,but... Nah,that's all right. I have to be in court most of the day anyway. Truth is,I probably wouldn't have even noticed you were gone if you hadn't told me, so thanks for the heads-up. Yo uh,you want to walk with me? So after you called me last night, I had the team go and dredge beneath thrthur Bridge. Scanlon just called. They found the remains of Autumn Colville. In three separate duffle bags. - Oh,my God. - That's not all. There were several more duffel bags down there. When they opened them up,they found the butchered body parts of two more girls. And their eyes were missing as well. Looks like we got ourselves a serial killer. Do whatever it is you need to do. I'll find you if I need you. And stop looking so guil. Everybody takea little personal time now and then. My name's Allison Dubois. I'm here to see Caitlyn Lynch. Thinking globally. Ating globally.</i> Allison? I'm so pleased you decided to come by. Maybe I could work in the lobby. Well,if you're up for it,I thought maybe you could sit in on my 2:00. Get a feel for the kind of work you'll be doing here if you decide to take us up on our offer. That would be great. Terrific. And don't look so nervous. Like your boss said,everybody takes a little persal time now and then. Oh,my God. Stacey Anne? Is that you? Whereverou are,with live video chatting on the L-Phone, you never have to miss a meeting. Whether your traveling, working from home, or just somewhere else, the L-Phone makes your presence felt. The all-new L-Phone from Lydecker: Changing the way we communicate one face at a time. I'm sorry. I don't think it works. Everything is aimed squarely at upwardly mobile people on the go. Overachievers with a lot of disposable income. But that's not who's going to buy ts phone. Well,Caitlyn,it's a $900 cell phone. Now granted,it's a $900 cell phone with video chat,but still,a $900 phone. Who do you suggest we sell it to? Or more importantly,who do you think is going to buy it? Kids. I know what you're thinking. Video chatting is all the ra right now. Nobody even buys a computer unless it's vid chat-capable. But here's the thing. Grownups are going to realize that they don't want to be seen by other grownups unless it's absolutely necessary. They're not going to want to have to put on clothes, check their makeup put out the cigarette they're not even supposed to be smoking just for a simple phone nversation. Teenagers,on the other hand, love to be seen. They erect virtualonuments to themselves onocial networking sites. This phone is for them-- not us. You're sure about that? Of course I'm sure,Ted. I dreamt it. So... So,it's very impresve. You're very impressive. This office,the salary, all of it,but that meeting... I don't know if I could do that. I do. I'm certain of it. Besides,those meetings are a relatively small part of the job. Most of my work is done right here, in this chair,actually. - What do you mean? - Please. Twice a day I take two hours of contemplation time. Which is a fancy way of saying that I lay in that chair, shut my eyes and dream about the future of Lydecker. I'm having one made just for you. Why? What kind of question is that? No,I appreciate your confidence. I do. I just don't understand why this company would want to invest in me when they already have you. Lydecker is a multi-national conglomerate with branches all over the world. I'm good,Allison,better than good, but I'm still just one woman. Even I can't keep track of everything. That's a lot to think about. I don't know what to say. How about "Yes," and you'll start on Monday. Monday? I don't think I could do that. I've worked for the District Attorney's office for years. I feel like I'd need to give them some notice. Allison,I respect your loyalty, but Lydecker has just made you an offer th will completely change your life. I think it's safe to say that the company has taken a big step in your direction. If you want this job,you're going to have to take a step towards us. Sorry to interrupt,Ms. Lynch. Mr. Lydecker is on the phone from Tokyo. Thanks,Donald. I'm sorry. I've got to take this. Allison,it's a lot to digest. Why don't you take until the end of the week. But by Friday, I'm going to need your answer. Yes? According to my calculations,this time next week you will be making one dollar for every star that I see. No,wait a second. Scratch that. Make that two dollars. Well,I haven't said yes yet. I mean,that woman Caitlyn saidhat the hours are gonna be long,unpredicble, that I won't be able to be home as much, pick the girls up from school anymore. We can make th work. How? Ariel's gonna be 16 in like a minute. You think if we got her a car, she wouldn't be willing to play chauffeur for her sisters? Well,I don't know if I wanto do that to her. And what about Mr. Devalos? He's probably an excellent driver, but I doubt he'd be interested in driving the girls. He's been so good to me. Because he likes you. And he's gonna want this for you. He's your friend,right? So ask him,get his advice. If you're honestly worried about how this decision is gonna affect him, I say make him a part of it. Time. Time's up. Time to trade and grade our practice tests. But I didn't answer the last five questions. You're kidding me. You always answer all the questions,even if you have to guess. - Hey,are you okay? - Yeah,I'm fine. You want to talk about it? I really don't think you'd understand. Is this about Stacey Anne? I've been thinking about her a lot,too. I mean... we knew her,and now she's dead. It's kind of a lot. I tried studying last night, and I couldn't. No matter how rd I tried, I couldn't get focused. Can you keep a secret? I used thave problems concentrating. Like,I'd get worked up over stuff. My doctor gave me these. Paroxetine? Yeah,he told my parents I have a mild anxiety disorder. I mean,I started taking those, and now I get "A"s. No one knows about this,Ariel. No one. I mean,I'm only telling you 'cause you're my best friend. So,do you want to try one, see if it helps? But I don't have an anxiety disorder. How do you know? I mean,it sounds like you have anxiety. Okay. Maybe just one. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,I'm afraid that it gives me no pleasure at all to talk to you this afternoon. As you know,the defendant has served our municipality as city controller for more than 12 years now... - How's it going? - Oh,great. He's just about done. The judge is gonna call lunch recess any minute. Well,I need to talk to him. Will you tell him I'll be waiting outside? Yeah. an abuse of power so flagrant, the mayor's office itself contacted... I don't want to leave. I really don't. I just don't know how I could pass this up. Sir,you're not saying anything. Sorry,I was thinking about my stock portfolio. I have a small position in the Lydecker Corporation,and... I'm thinking now might be a good time to double it. So you're saying I should take it. How do you not take it? I wish I could tempt you with a counteroffer,but this is a city office; the numbers that you're talking about, the benefits, the governor doesn't make that much. Look,uh... as sad as I'm gonna be to see you go,and... as valuable as you are,you're talking about your family's future here. I... I don't see how you can leave that on the table. They want me to start right away. In fact,they're insisting that I start on Monday. But... leaving you while we're in the middle of this whole serial killer thing,I... Allison,I admire your dedication, but believe it or not, we used to catch criminals before you came to work for us, and I'm betting that we can keep on catching 'em once you're gone. But,uh... damn,I'm gonna miss you. I'm gonna miss you. That doesn't mean I can't pick up the phone and give you a... a call from... from time to time,right? You better. I'm home! What's going on? What's all this stuff? - Hi,Mom! - I've got presents. Caitlyn Lynch and the people at Lydecker sent them over. We love Lydecker! We love Lydecker! Oh,man,I hope I'm doing the right thing. Well,if it makes you feel any better, they certainly sent nice gifts. I'm not psychic, but I know what you're thinking. Just because good things are happening for you, just because good things are happening for us does not necessarily mean that there are bad things right around the corner. It doesn't? Why aren't you entitled to a nice job? Working with people who want to pay you well and treat you like you're special,which you are. Why? Come on. You be happy for you; I'm happy for you. You deserve it. Now you be happy for you. Now,come on. Get up off that bed. Let's round up the girls, and let's go celebrate. Yeah,I'm talking, let's go crazy. Crazy. Let's order appetizers and desserts. Yeah,I'm talking... I'm talking valet the car. I don't know if I can handle this. Oh,yeah,yeah,yeah. I'm talking let's lose our minds. I'm-I'm gonna throw caution to the wind. I might even... I might even draw on the place mat. Girls,your father's starting to scare me! Ooh,yeah,yeah. Knock,knock. Hey you have ************** to imagine surfway a guy. see if you do can wake up a computer imagine this guy in your dream wouldou cleaning up of cover apartment Great.Thanks. Hey I saw your baby mom yesterday in court, she looks great. I can right prepare the day. You takin ever. So the rumor ever's true. So Devalos told you hein ? I'm sorry Lee, I wanna do told you myself I've just wanna make sure the official I'm supposed to go over there and sign some contracts this afternoon. Heard they were backing up a Brink's truck to your ple. Something like that. Well,I know it's not the last time we're gonna see each other or anything, but I want you to know... I'm gonna miss working with you. Me,too. So? So what? The P-I-L-L,stupid. Did it help? Honestly,I kind of forgot I even took it. You're kidding me. I mean,as far as I can tell, it didn't do anything to me. I didn't feel any different. I guess I did get a lot of studying done when I got home from school. The Paroxetine totally helps. I don't know. Maybe. Well,did you stop thinking about Stacey Anne? Yeah. She didn't really give me a reason to think about her. - Uh,library after school? - Okay. Ariel Dubois. You're not supposed to be in this class until third period. Sorry,Mr. Parker. I got a little turd around. I think I know where I'm going now. Okay,last chance. You know,I'm really not the superstar you think I am. I'm wrong almost as often as I am right. Allison,if you actually bat anywhere near 500, everyone here will be deliriously happy. Okay,so first order of business. I remember reading that your insights often come to you in your dreams. Is that true? Well,not all the time, but certainly a lot of what I see comes to me in my sleep. What's this? That is your new file cabinet. Your company hard drive. I want you to write all your dreams in it,all your impressions. The ones that come to you at night, the ones that come to you during the day. I want you to log them in that book. Even if you think they have nothing to do with Lydecker, I want you to make a note of that. You sure about "everytng"? That's a lot to write down. That's gonna be a lot to sort through. Allison,we have just agreed to pay a small fortune for the contents of your head. We certainly don't want to miss anything that might pass through it. Oh,sorry. Oh,it's my boss. It's my,my other boss. My,my current boss. Hello? Allison,I hope I haven't gotten you at a bad time, but apparently Human Resources needs you to sign some forms and surrender your IDs and parking pass before I can put through the requisition for your final paycheck, so I just wanted to make sure you were, in fact,coming back today. Ohabsolutely. I still have people I need to say good-bye to. - Um,I should be there around 4:00. - Fine. Just,I probly won't see you, so,uh,leave the pass,your keys, all that stuff in your top drawer, and I'll leave all the things you need to sign on your desk,okay? Gotta run. Due in court. Uh,bye. lcomto the Lydecker Corporation,Allison. I think you're going to be very happy here. Surprise! Lynn's sorry she couldn't make it. She had some doctor thing. Oh,you guys have it so easy. All you have to do is be born. You don't have to do any of the bearing. I don't want to hear it. I didn't write the rules. That was so great. I had no clue,none. I heard that. It's because I'm a master party planner. A master surprise party planner, an M.S.P.P. Oh,we're gonna miss you. Come on. Don't be ridiculous. You guys are my friends. I'm gonna call you. You're gonna call me. Nothing's gonna change. Yeah,except you're gonna be doing really,really well. You probably won't even want to hang around your poor friends. Yeah,but that's okay. We'll just drive by your big, new house,wave. Give the butler notes to give to you. - That's if we can get in the gate. - Yeah. Well,this is nice. Now that I'm leaving,you guys are gonna hook up and make a little comedy team. Keep each other company. She is psychic. Hate to quip and run, but I'm a busy boy. I'm sorry I can't say anything serious 'cause I can't... seriously believe you're going. Besides that,duty calls. Thanks to you and your damn dreams, a couple of us detectives have to go canvass the neighborhoods around each of the victims' apartments tonight. I feel so bad for you. Maybe if I go up to my new 30th-floor office with the big windows, and I'll look down and see you canvassing. That's it. I'm going. There's my ride. I'd like to introduce to you to the lead detective on the Autumn Colville case, Detective Brad Auerbach. The famous Allison Dubois. It's nice to meet you. Sorry to hear you're moving on. We can use all the help we can get to figure out who's killing those girls. I'm telling you,that's the same man, the one that I saw in my dream, the one that I saw in Autumn Colville's apartment. Tell me you don't see it. Sure,I see it. So what? So what? What do you mean,"so what"? Allison,you're talking about Detective Brad Auerbach. There's no way he killed those women. That man's been on the force for 20 years. He's got more commendations than I can count. He trained me when I got out of the academy. Now,does Brad look like the guy in this sketch? Yeah,sure. Truth be told,he and I had a pretty good laugh about it earlier today. But if you're telling me that's supposed to be Brad... Lee,that is the man I saw, and I'm sure of it. I don't know what to say. Maybe,uh,you know,maybe you had a little too much champagne in there. Maybe between that and everything you've had on in your head this week, maybe you got your wires crossed. Oh,so that's it? That's my good-bye? "Maybe you got your wires crossed?" What do you want me to do? I'm not gonna interrogate the senior detective on the case. I can't! Let's not do this. Not today. You got too much to celebrate. I got too much to do. You go. Make lots of money. I've got this from here,okay? I promise. I'll let you know how it all works out. Hey,remind me: irregardless. Word or not a word? Not a word,I think. Hey,Ash,can I ask you something? That pill you gave me the other day? It turns out you were right. It really did help me. Think you could spare any more? Okay,well,he didn't listen to you. Or maybe he just couldn't hear you. Maybe he couldn't allow himself to hear you. On the other hand, you gotta feel better about your decision to leave that place,right? I mean,this time next week, if you tell the people at Lydecker that Godzilla is gonna rise up out of the ocean and stomp his way towards Phoenix, they're gonna start mobilizing the National Guard. By next week,I'll be helping the people at Lydecker decide whether the cover of their annual report should be blue or periwinkle. But tonight,right now, I'm worried about stopping a murderer. I get it. But you gotta remember,Scanlon and Devalos are good at what they do. They are. They're gonna find this guy. And in the meantime,get excited. Come on! You're about to start a new job. They're gonna be paying you money for writing down your dreams in a book. It's more money than either of us have ever made in our entire lives. I know,but what if I'm right? What if this detective really is the killer? And how are Devalos and Scanlon ever gonna catch him when he's the one heading up the investigation? Look,you're not gonna like it,but I gotta say,in answer to all three questions, it's not your problem anymore. Hey,this is Monica. You missed me,but if you leave your name and number,I'll call you right back. You okay? No,no,no,I'm fine. I just gotta call Lee. Lee? Why? You don't work for those guys anymore. Aren't you supposed to be writing your dreams down in a journal instead of calling people in the middle of the night? It's Scanlon. Lee,it's me. I just had another dream. I think it happened again. Another murder. Allison... I don't know where,but I know the girl's first name was... Monica. Dead girl's name is Monica Dobbs. I'm standing in her house right now. Her boyfriend got back early from a business trip. Came over to surprise her. He's the one who found the body. The scene's a mess. We think the boyfriend probably scared the killer off before he could tidy up like he usually does. You need to find Detective Auerbach. You need to bring him in right away. - It wasn't him,Allison. - You don't know that! Actually,I do. I've been with him all night since the moment we left your party until right now. And the medical examiner tells us the girl was killed about 90 minutes ago, so I don't know what you think you saw in your dream,but you're wrong. Brad Auerbach didn't do this. He didn't do any of it. He couldn't have. Good morning. May I help you? Yes. My name is Allison Dubois. I'm a new employee. I was hoping that you'd have directions and a pass here for me. Allison? I had a feeling you'd be getting here about this time. I thought I'd welcome you in person. Are you excited about your first day? I'm excited. I'm nervous. I'm terrified. I can completely relate. I was all of the above. Come on. Let's get started. We have a meeting with Mr. Lydecker at 10:00. - The Mr. Lydecker? - The one and only. He doesn't bite. Not unless he's really hungry. No,I know,I know. I just didn't expect to meet him on the first day. Guess who works here. Someone else who has the same name as me? Go on in. Yeah. Takes your breath away,doesn't it? - What's wrong? You okay? - Yeah. Yeah. No,I'm fine. I just had a bad dream about the new job. It's the first-day jitters,I guess. Well,don't worry about it. - This time tomorrow,it'll be... - This time tomorrow. Thanks for that. That's what I'm here for. I just don't want to look out of place. Well,I've never been to the place, so I can't be of any help in that regard. But I like... that one. No,no,no. I have a bad feeling about that one. About a suit? I just... I want to make a good first impression. Well,these people came after you. You have met the burden of a first impression and conquered it. Mom,there's a big black car in our driveway. The limo's already here, and I'm not even dressed. Is that a limo? What's going on? Did Mommy get famous and someone forget to tell us? No,no,no,honey. Nobody got famous. Mommy just got a new car with her new job. They're picking me up this morning, so I'm able to drive the new car home this evening. Cool. Wait,can we take the limo to school and make all the other kids jealous? Bridgette. Well,can I at least go outside and take pictures of it? You know what? You're going to have to handle this. I don't have time. Yep? Allison? I just needed to be reassured at God doesn't smite people who ride to work in big black limousines with handsome drivers who offer you hot coffee and your choice of newspapers. I can't. God does. But I hear they're all smiling when the end does come. So,uh,they're treating you well,huh? Well,I really haven't started yet,but "well" doesn't even begin to describe it. Do you want to hear the nutty part? I miss City Hall. Allison,it's early Monday morning. No one's even here yet. There's nothing to have missed. You know,just before the weekend, I had kind of a crazy hunch. Detective Scanlon didn't happen to mention it to you,did he? It involved Detective Auerbach. No. But I've got Lee standing in my doorway right now. Is there something you want me to ask him? It's Allison Dubois calling from her chauffeured limousine to say hi to the little people. Oh,yeah. Dubois. Which one was she? All right. Never mind. Allison. Forget about this case. Start your new job. Make a lot of money. I may need to borrow some. Yeah,me,too. You were always my favorite,Allison. Good morning. May I help you? Allison! I had a feeling you'd be getting here about this time. I thought I'd welcome you in person. Excited about your first day? Guess who works here. Someone else with the same name as me? Go on in. Please. You do the honors. Yeah. Takes your breath away, doesn't it? It's amazing. I'm glad you like it. You're going to be spending a lot of time in here. I'm going to be forwarding you a lot of material, and I want your impression on all of it. As far as how you get those impressions, well,if you need to kick off your shoes, stretch out on your chair, let your mind wander... It's all part of the job. What,napping's part of my job description? I call it "contemplation time." It keeps the other people around here from getting jealous. But,to answer your question,yes. Naps are cool. As long as you keep an accurate log of everything you see and pass it on to me. There is one other thing that I think we should take care of today after our meeting with Mr. Lydecker. How about you and I go on a little shopping trip? Shopping? I don't pretend to understand exactly what it is that Caitlyn does, but I am pragmatic enough to see that it works. And now I found you,Allison. Caitlyn tells me you have quite a gift. Yes. That's what she keeps telling me,too. I will try to not you down no u won't. Because I have enormous confidence in you. This corporation thrives because we excel at two things: innovation and secrecy. We breed the next generation of ideas. And then we manage and we cultivate those ideas, confident that our competitors have no clue what we're up to. So,naturally,that creates a lot of temptation for our employees. It would be very easy for someone to supplement their income by leaking company secrets to the press or to one of our competitors. These our employee dossiers. I'd like you to spend some time with them. See if there's anyone among this group that gives you pause. I'd be very anxious to hear what you have to say. Ariel,I don't believe it. You got a perfect score. In math. I didn't even think that was possible. It was just a practice test. Still,I hate you. It's your fault,you know. It's those pills. I don't know. I look the pills, too,and I only got a 488. No,I mean,without those pills, there's no way I'd be able to do this. There's no way I'd be able to focus or concentrate. That reminds me... I'm going to need some more. Look,I don't think I can. I just gave you a bunch. I don't refill my prescription till next week. How about just one? I don't have one. You know my father counts these. Stop looking at me like that. You're forgetting I actually need this stuff. I don't get it. I thought this was about you being upset over Stacey Anne. You're not still upset about her,are you? Look,all right, but I can only give you two more. This is the last time,seriously. - Thank you. - Thank you. Okay,I give up. I'm sorry? Did you say something? I said,"I give up," trying to figure out what's going on in that brain of yours. I can't read your expression. Well,my expression,that's,uh... Exhaustion. And amazement. This has been an incredible day. You're happy? No,I'm miserable. You're buying me clothes, buying me a car. I get to meet Mr. Lydecker... He's pretty impressive,isn't he? He's one of the most charismatic, uh,intimidating,fascinating... Tell me about it. You know,I saw him cry. I'm sorry? Well,we were sitting in his office and I had a... I mean,he was just sobbing. It was as if someone had died. Have you ever seen anything like that? I've worked for the man for almost a decade,and no. You must be very good. I think that this is one insight that you should probably keep out of your log. Yes,of course. - See anything? - Nope. Yep. Dad! Ariel! I think she's coming! Can I borrow it? Hey,ask me how my first day was. You're smiling. I'm sorry. Did you say something? I said,"You're smiling." Oh,I guess I am. I actually had a pretty wonderful day. I can't believe I hesitated to take this job. Everyone there is so nice. I mean,not that everybody at the district attorney's office isn't nice,but... It's kind of refreshing not to ponder death and evil every day. So what now? Dreams of new products and profit and loss statements? We can only hope. We can only hope. 750 Wick Ave APT B Sleep tight I saw it,Lee. Someone texted him the address of Autumn Colville's apartment. But he didn't kill her. He just cleaned up after whoever did. You sound like what I'm saying is absurd. I know. There's a reason for that. Allison,why would Brad Auerbach, the guy who's heading up the task force to catch this butcher, drive out in the middle of the night and cut up bodies into easily disposable pieces for him? Doesn't make sense. I don't know,maybe he knows the killer and he's trying to protect him. Maybe he's getting paid for it. What difference does it make,Lee? He's doing it. No. Sorry. You're talking about Brad Auerbach. You're talking about a fellow detective. Okay,look,I get it. You respect the guy. And-and maybe I'm crazy. But there has got to be a way that you can look into this without setting off alarms, without embarrassing yourself. If you could just ask him about the bag. There,there was this case that he was using,this big,rolling black bag. He put all his tools in it, everything he needed to clean up. It was like a,a salesman's case. Or don't. - Say hi to Lynn. - Don't do that. A big,black case. I'll try. Thank you. Hello? Joe,hi. This is Bill Whitaker, Ashley's dad. Uh,we met at one of those, uh,parent-teacher tngs. Do you have a minute? And this is the only employee that you're worried about? Well,he's really the only person who jumped out at me. I mean,he's the only person I had a strong response to. A strong negative response. It's... it's hard to put into words. So there's nothing specific, nothing that you can... put your finger on. Just... Just a kind of darkness. Towards the company. Towards you. I'm sorry. I wish I had more to offer. I really don't even know what he es for the company. Most of the information in his file was blacked out with a marker. That's quite all right. I'm very familiar with this particular employee. I appreciate your input. I'll handle this matter personally. When Mr. Lydecker says he's going to handle something personally, what does that mean? What does it mean? It means that if he suspects someone of being dislol, that person usually find themselves being transferred off of our key projects. Basically,they're benched until their contract runs out. Usually,they get the message before then and move on. So if I share my impressions about someone,I could ruin their career? Are you worried about that kid you pointed out? Relax. Nothing's going to happen to him. He's kind of a... special case. He's Justin Lydecker. Mr. Lydecker's son. Oh,my God. I just accused the CEO's son of,of... Being exactly who he is. Trust me,Allison. You are not the first person to point out that Justin Lydecker is never going to become the employee of the month. He's kind of a running joke around here,the poster boy for just say yes to anything. Drugs,clubbing... Lots of days Justin doesn't even bother to show up around here. I don't know why Mr. Lydecker even bothers to keep him around. I know he used to think that one day maybe Justin would take over for him. Now,I think he prays that kid lives to see 30. Mrs. Dubois? Your husband called several times. He said he needs to speak with you as soon as possible. Thank you. Excuse me. Aren't you guys supposed to be at work? I got a call from Ashley's father today. He's convinced that his daughter is sharing her antianxiety medication with you. Tell us this isn't true. Or that there's some aspect of it that we don't understand. It's complicated. I'll bet it is. It wasn't for fun or anything. There was nothing fun about it. I just... the PSATs are coming up,and... there's this girl and she won't leave me alone, and she won't let me study or concentrate... Wait a second. Hold on. Hold on. What girl? Stacey Anne Burrows. Okay,so you took drugs? That makes no sense. Not drugs. It's like you said. It's Ashley's prescription. And she takes it so she can concentrate. And that's why I took it,and it worked. She left me alone. Stacy Anne just... Wha... wha-what am I missing? Stacey Anne... is she dead? I was 14 when I first started stealing beers to push the voices down to keep the ghosts away. I hate this. I already lived through this once. Why does she have to live through it? I want to be smart about this. We need to be smart about this. Of course. Lee? Jeez,buddy. What the hell are you doing here at this hour? It's a good thing I got a change of underwear inside. New development in the case. I was in the area,knew you were just getting off detail... Thought I'd take a shot. At 2:00 in the morning? You sure you weren't waiting for me? It seems like maybe you were waiting for me. Yeah,well,I guess maybe I was. Maybe I was waiting for you. All right,so what's the big break? Turns out it's a team. Two guys. One guy does the deed. The other,he comes in after the fact, gets rid of the body,cleans up. Knows what he's doing,too. Leaves the place forensically spotless. Okay. And where'd you get this? I mean who are you talking to that I'm not talking to ? Why? You want a name? Yeah. I want a name. I want to talk to the guy,'cause I got to say,that doesn't sound right. I mean,I've heard of serial killers working in pairs before. You know,like thrill-killers taking turns, but nothing like what you're describing. No,it doesn't make sense. I mean, what's in it for the guy who cleans? I don't know. Money maybe. Maybe the guy doesn't make that much. Maybe the guy's a cop. Well,that's nuts. Yeah,well,the thing is, I need to look in that case,Brad. Me? You think it's me? I think I need to look in that case. What are you doing,man? Have you lost your mind? It's me. It's Brad. Well,then the case doesn't matter. Fine. I'm not a good forgetter,Lee. Just so you know,when this is over, I'm not a good forgetter. - Yeah? - Lee,it's Allison. Are you all right? Yeah. Yeah,I'm fine. My God,I just had the most horrible dream. Detective Auerbach shot you. Yeah,well,not to worry. Your dream was wrong. Detective Auerbach didn't kill me. I killed him. You okay? I don't know. Manny's gonna tell us in a minute. He's been on the phone for an hour. The governor, the chief of police,forensics. You're still shaking. No,I'm fine. Good news. Forensics just finished it's preliminary analysis on the items from that black case in Auerbach's garage. For starters,there was a power saw with traces of skin,blood,and bone on the blade. Obviously,we still need to make a DNA match with the victims, but,um,from the sound of it, I think you're going to be okay. Maybe even better than okay. Everybody's on board: the mayor, the governor,the chief of police. You're a hero,Lee. The guy drew on me. I'm no hero. Sorry it took me so long to hear you. It's okay. I'm just happy you're alive. We're all just happy that you're alive. Doesn't seem fair. We can review Brad's bank statements, check out his phone logs, see if we can figure out who his sick partner is,but if nothing shakes loose... I didn't just kill a bad cop. I shot the only guy on the planet who can definitely tell us who our killer is. You scared me. Sorry. I was out most of the night. Stuff from my old job. When I finally got back here, I couldn't get to sleep. I just kept thinking... thinking about you. Hey,I want you to go to the doctor. But it has to be somebody who knows about me... about how I am. Hopefully have some kind of sympathy for how difficult it can be. I don't think I get what you're saying. I did a little research on that medicine you were taking. It's pretty common. A lot of people take it. The Web site says that... the side effects are very minimal. Only... I started wondering what high school would have been like for me if I had a drug like that, people to talk to. What? I'm awake,right? Hey,I still think what you did was incredibly reckless. Incredibly dangerous. You can never do that again. And part of me cannot even believe that we're having this conversation. But Daddy and I talked. And... if the doctor thinks that medication will improve the quality of your life... Mom,can I ask you something? If you can't get me an appointment right away, can I just use the rest of Ashley's pills just to get me through the test? No. Honey,we promised we would give those pills back to Ashley's parents. And until a doctor tells us that there's a medicine that makes sense for you... But I promise that I will try to get that appointment as soon as possible. And until then,well, I'm a good listener. So do you want early breakfast,or do you want to sleep another 30 minutes? Sleep. Okay. Mom. Shove over. When did you realize he was my son? Caitlyn told me. Why do you look so frightened? Do I look frightened? Yes,you look terrified. And why are you standing by the door? Come into the room. Have a seat. I went to see Justin yesterday. I told him I had some concerns about his lifestyle. It's nothing I haven't said to him before. Usually he ignores me. But this time he insisted that I was wrong. Says that he's finally ready to become a grown-up. Take some responsibility for his life... his work. I was wondering if you'd mind meeting with him. I'd be very curious to hear your impressions. See if you think that he has actually turned a corner in his life. So,this is exciting. I'm one of the first people in the company to get a look at my dad's new toy. I don't think your father thinks of me as a toy. No,I know. But you should realize that you are now officially topic #1 around the water cooler here at Lydecker. Everybody knows you do the same thing that Caitlyn does,and honestly, I think they're a little surprised that... my dad would bring in another six-figure napper. There's far more to my job than taking naps. Your father is interested in my impressions of things... people,which is why I think he wanted me to sit down with you. Yeah. That's what I figured. He wants you to tell him if his only son is permanently screwed up or if I can be... salvaged. That's not exactly the way he put it. No,but that is what he wants to know. And honestly, I can't really blame him. I've spent most of the last decade disappointing the man. DUIs,assault charges, all those stints in rehab. I mean,it's... it's hardly a secret that I've been a total disaster for a long time. Look... I know that my dad doesn't trust me. I can't blame him. But I'm 26 years old, and my greatest accomplishment in life is-is sleeping with a girl who came in second place on a reality show. I guess I'm just tired of being a joke. And all that dark stuff is in the past. And I want to change. I have changed. Look,I have to be honest with you. I don't really believe in what you do. But I know that my dad does. So please... I'd really appreciate it if you'd tell him that his prodigal son is doing just fine. I remember you. You hungry? That would involve chewing and I don't think I have the strength for that. Where is everybody? They're asleep. It's after 10:00,sweetie. Great. Suicide? I kept leaving messages for Mr. Lydecker, explaining that it was urgent. He never called back. Then I tried to tell Caitlyn, but she was with him behind closed doors. I just feel like crying. I mean,that boy... That boy must have had every possible advantage in life. And even with that,he's so unhappy. He's ready to stick a gun in his mouth and pull the trigger. How does that happen? I don't know. I've been asking myself that for hours. What didn't he get? What didn't his father give him? Time,maybe? Was he too busy building an empire to be a good father? And the punch line is... I come home from work and I miss dinner again and my girls are already asleep. Oh,come on. I don't think it's the same thing. - Are you sure? - Yeah. I hope you're right. Take one test booklet and pass the others back. You will have 25 minutes for part one of the exam. Before you begin,be sure to complete the personal information in section A. Please be sure that you fill in all of the ovals completely. You should be using a #2 pencil. If your pencil breaks, I have extras here at my desk. Please raise your hand and you may come up to get one. Eyes on your own paper,please. Abraham Lincoln was America's greatest president. Check your spelling on "president." I think you've got a couple of extra Es kicking around in there. Okay,Daddy. Lincoln's mother died in infancy. And he was born in a log cabin, which he built. You might want to check your facts on that. If Lincoln's mom died when she was an infant,there would be no Lincoln. Nope. I think you're wrong about that. That's what our teacher told us. Yeah,I heard that,too. Uh,Dad? Where's Mom? Uh,I don't know,sweetie. She had to go in extra early today. Is something wrong? Do you think there's any way that you could get me in to see the doctor today? Today? Uh,I don't think so,honey. Um,the doctor that Mom has in mind is out of town till the end of the week. Why? What's going on? Just... I had this dream, this crazy dream. Okay. Well,you know,bad dreams are really your mom's area of expertise. But,uh... It's okay. It's probably nothing. It's not like it even made a lot of sense. I just... I was taking the PSATs, and I was in a classroom that I'd never been in before, and the teacher was giving the exam. I'd never seen her,either,and... It's,uh,it's probably nothing. Are you sure? Because maybe I could reach Mom on the phone. We could figure something out. No,it's okay. Thanks. - Did you hear? - What? Okay,apparently,Mr. Rutherford has some radical stomach virus. What do you mean? He was in first period, going on about Charlemagne, and then he just pukes all over the place. Like,geyser-style,on his desk, his chair,his shoes... His classroom is a biohazard. There's a note on e door that we have to go to some room in the auxiliary building for second period. Wait. It gets better. Some student teacher is taking over his class for him, which probably means she'll make the whole class into a study hall. So I'm betting we can squeeze in another practice test. - Oh,my God. - What? There's something familiar about this room. Okay. Everyone,let's settle down. Please. Take a seat. As most of you probably already know, Mr. Rutherford went home sick. My name is Ms. Snowden. I'll be your teacher until he gets back on his feet. Authorities continue to investigate a possible connection between slain police detective Brad Auerbach and the recent string of serial killings in the Phoenix area. So far,they're refusing to confirm whether they consider Auerbach a suspect or just person of interest in this case... Mr. Lydecker? I'm sorry. Your assistant told me to come right in. Thank you. You left me a number of urgent messages. Sir,I'm concerned about your son. I sense that he's in a real moment of crisis. He's consumed by a profound sense of despair. And I'm fairly certain he's going to attempt to hurt himself. I appreciate your concern. And I've sensed the same thing myself. Now,rest assured,he's being watched. I've reached out to a number of mental health professionals. Truth be told,at this moment, I am less concerned about Justin's well-being than I am with yours. Caitlyn and I have been reviewing your log,your dreams, your impressions. I fear we may have a problem,Allison. Really? I'm sorry. The dreams you've been having about this,uh,this police detective... the one who just died, the one that you believe is connected to this recent spate of murders? Can I ask you about those? Please. The fact that he was slain by a former colleague of yours the night after you dreamed that he was connected to this horrible string of murders. I suspect that that's not a coincidence. I'm not following where you're going... Did you mention your dreams to your colleague? Yes,I did. Okay,well,I understand that you're new here. I understand that you're... You are still finding your footing. But I need to be completely clear about one thing. We are paying you an extremely large sum of money. Your thoughts,your dreams,your impressions... they belong to Lydecker now. They are actually the intellectual property of this company, so any attempt on your part to share those thoughts,those dreams,those impressions, with anyone outside of this company would actually constitute an act of theft. And I would hate to have to prosecute you. Sir,I take your point, but the dreams that we're talking about have nothing to do with Lydecker, and everything to do with an open police investigation in which lives clearly hang in the balance. Certainly,you can appreciate that distinction. Yeah,of course I do. And I do appreciate your sense of civic responsibility. However... If you ever breach your contract again, if you ever breach my confidence again, I will litigate you with a vigor unlike anything you have ever experienced in your life. I will see to it that between the cost of defending yourself and the time it takes to mount that defense, both you and your husband will be absolutely penniless. Your house will be gone. Your children will have no futures. Don't misunderstand,Allison. It's my expectation that you will work here for a very long time. Maybe the rest of your life. I want you to be happy. I want us both to be happy. How long are you going to sit out here? Till I make sense of it. I'll get you some blankets and a pillow. How can you be so sanguine about this? Those dreams that I was sharing with the authorities had nothing to do with Lydecker. I know that. All right.Then you tell me how the company is affected if I help the police catch whoever is killing these women. I can't. I don't think it would be. Exactly. Mr. Lydecker treated me like I was some kind of traitor. Like I was sharing secrets with his biggest competitor. I started to think that he was going to fire me right then and there. Well,he could have. I mean,you did violate the terms of your contract. Excuse me to help stop a murderer. But that's not his concern. That's not the business that he's in. Look,is this guy going to be named citizen of the year? No. But... hold on a sec. Don't jump down my throat here. He does have kind of a point. Your ideas,your thoughts are one of the things that he's paying for. It was the same thing when I worked at Aerodytech. Everything that I thought up belonged to them. No,you want to talk smic right and wrong? Yeah,you did a good thing by calling Scanlon. And that's to your credit. But let's just say that I... I dreamed up an idea where I could solve all the world's energy problems while I was at Aerodytech and I brought it straight to the UN. Do you think that my employers would have patted me on the back, or do you think they would have sued me for everything I had? Doesn't make sense. None of this makes sense. Yeah,well,welcome to corporate America. Oh,God. Oh,God... Oh,God. 750 Wick Ave APT B Justin. Oh,my God,it was Justin.