Edward Cooper, of the FBI. I'm very familiar with your work,sir. I had a dream about this guy last night. What's he got that I don't? An amazing reputation as a criminal profiler, for one thing. You see things,don't you? I dedicated myself to getting inside the minds of killers. It wasn't my choice. You go into the heads of murderers whether you want to or not. I know what you did. I know you put two bullets into Richard Gomez, and I will find a way to expose you. Housekeeping! You want turn-down service? -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season04 Episode12</font> as of now,my combi. the combination of my amplification mirror optics and unique software logarithms make a consumer-grade solar cell 10% more efficient. At least 10% more efficient. With additional funding, I think I can get that number closer to 15,maybe even 20%. Very impressive. I'd fund your project. Really? And how much money do you have? Including the redeemable bottles I'm bringing back to the market, about $17. You know what? I'm gonna stick with Buchanon-Lockhart. I think they're gonna want to fund you,too. Oh,they'd better. They're the only venture capital firm I could get a meeting with. If this presentation doesn't go well, I'm pretty much gonna have to hold a bake sale to raise the capital. You reading Cooper's book again? I was just thumbing through it when you were in the shower. I just can't get that dream out of my head. I tried calling the FBI this morning. They wouldn't tell me where he was or what he was working on. Well,I guess they're not in the habit of supplying the whereabouts of their agents to anyone who asks. Guess not. Well,even if you could find him,what would you do? What would you say to him? How are you gonna stop whatever it is you saw from happening? You know the drill. This guy-- he kills killers. It's still killing. No,I know. I just... I-I... You know,you're right. And you did let him get away with it once. Yeah. Don't think that hasn't kept me up nights. Mom! Mom,I need you! Bridgette's wiggling her teeth while I'm trying to eat. So what? Do you have a problem with a kid trying to make some extra money? Okay. What is the matter? What is the commotion all about? Bridgette's teeth are loose and she's wiggling them with her fingers trying to get them to come out. It's disgusting. It is not disgusting if each of these teeth is worth a dollar under my pillow. Bridgette,honey, you're supposed to just wait for your teeth to fall out on their own. You're not supposed to use your fingers to loosen them. I don't know,Mom. I've been hearing about how bad the economy is and... hereI am,sitting on 26 bucks. I can make a difference. That's the stupidest thing I have ever heard. All right,stop it. Stop it,stop it. Listen. Daddy has a really big day. I want no more commotion. I want no tugging. I want no nuh-uh'ing. I want silence. I'm here because the District Attorney has asked me to bring my expertise to bear on a potentially very difficult case. I arrived in Phoenix yesterday, but I've already... concluded my preliminary analysis of the police files. Oh,my God. Oh,well,this must be important. I don't know if you've heard, but we've got a serial killer here in Phoenix. I may have heard a little something about that. What's on your mind,Allison? Agent Edward Cooper. I know he's in town working on the case. I need to know what he's up to. That's Gretchen Ballard. She was a hooker,worked the area around Shadyside. Seven months ago a garbageman found her body in an alley. Somebody'd stabbed her 26 times. Oh,God. A buddy of mine caught the case. He never solved it, but he always remembered one little detail. When they found Gretchen Ballard's body, she was wearing a silver wedding band. Really? A prostitute with a wedding band? That's weird,right? Well,two days ago, some kids found the body of another prostitute. Amanda Boone. Also stabbed more than 20 times. Also wearing... a silver wedding band? Okay,that's weird. Cooper's in town to help us determine if the two cases are connected. He went through all the old case files, and he found a third, unsolved murder that's a potential match. A little over a year ago, a pro named Nina Jarvis was stabbed to death in Glendale. The ME's report said she was wearing a silver wedding band. Nobody thought much of it at the time, but now Cooper wants to take a look. So where's Cooper now? Why does that matter so much to you? If you've seen something that ties to this case, why don't you just tell me? I'll make sure word gets to Cooper. Because I can't. Cooper's the only person I can talk to about this. Now,where is he? Please. Right about now, Cooper's getting a little face time with Nina Jarvis, our potential third victim. They're exhuming her body to see if her ring matches the other two. Now,you didn't hear it from me, but she's buried at Sycamore Hill Cemetery. If you drive over there now, I'm sure you'll find what you're looking for. Mr. Dubois? Can I get you anything to drink? Oh,no,thank you. I'm fine. It's a good sign, you know. The fact that they're still talking. It means your presentation went well. Miss Doyle. I'm sorry,Mr. Dubois. As we mentioned in the meeting, we've already got a couple of competitive projects in the pipeline. We're worried about overlap. It's okay. Really. Uh,just grateful you were willing to hear me out. For what it's worth... I fought for you. I happen to think your idea's a lot smarter than the ones we're backing. Well,for what it's worth, I appreciate that. I just want to reiterate what an honor it is to be working with you, Agent Cooper. I've followed your career for many years, even had the pleasure of reading your books. I want to assure you that if we do learn that these murders are connected, my office is prepared to offer you whatever resources you may need to catch the perpetrator. And if it would be at all helpful, I'm happy to liaise with the mayor's office on your behalf, perhaps even the media. That's quite a selfless gesture,Mr. Van Dyke, offering to stand in front of all those cameras for me. It's a match to the other rings. Looks like you're going to end up in front of a camera after all. I'll inform the mayor. Mrs. Dubois, what a pleasant surprise. Welcome back to Phoenix, Agent Cooper. I wish I could say I was glad to be back in town, but,unfortunately,you can see that I'm here on business. Speaking of which, I can't tell you how disappointed I was to hear that you're no longer consulting for the District Attorney's office. I'm sure you are. I mean it. I know how very good you are at what you do. I suspect I know it better than most. I don't have much time, Agent Cooper, so if you'll forgive me, I'll just cut right to the chase. I know what you're doing here in Phoenix and I'm here to tell you I'm not going to let you get away with it. You're not going to let me get away with catching a serial killer? I'm not going to let you kill him. I had a dream and I saw you murder a man. I'm not sure what you think you saw, but the fact of the matter is I'm not like the men that I hunt. I don't do what I do out of compulsion. I do it out of necessity. I only take action when the system fails. But I assure you my intention is to bring this man to justice, not deliver my own brand of it. I know what I saw. I saw you sneaking into a man's hotel room. You had your gun out. I saw the look on his face when you were closing in on him. I'm sorry. Did you just say that you saw this man's face? Can you describe him to me? I know what you're thinking. You don't want to give me a description of a man you think I'm going to murder. Prioritize,Mrs. Dubois. Help me protect the citizens of Phoenix from a serial killer. Then you can worry about protecting the serial killer from me. Agent Cooper? Is this woman bothering you? Quite the contrary, Mr. Van Dyke. Mrs. Dubois and I are just working out the terms of a deal. I'm sorry. I don't understand. What kind of deal? I'm assuming that your offer to provide me with whatever resource I might need still stands. Of course it does. Good. Because I need her. I need Allison Dubois. Boy,have I not missed seeing that sort of stuff around the house. Sorry. They're Agent Cooper's. He wanted me to look over everything he had, make sure I was ready for tomorrow. Gotta hand it to that guy. He must be one hell of a salesman. Salesman? I'm just saying that this morning you couldn't live with the possibility that he might take another life. And,tonight,he's your new partner. He swore to me that he wouldn't harm the man who killed these women. You at least got a pinky-swear to that effect,right? 'Cause,without one, he's really under no legal obligation to stop killing. I'm sorry. I shouldn't tease. Frankly,I'm just glad that someone in this house is bringing home a paycheck. Honey,I'm sorry it didn't work out with those venture capitalists. I guess I could learn a thing or two about salesmanship from Agent Cooper,huh? Oh,come on. You know you gave a good presentation. They told you it was a good idea. Yeah? Well,that and a quarter... You know,if you're looking for investors, maybe you might want to try Bridgette. Well,she's having quite a run with the tooth fairy. A dollar a tooth. You know,maybe if we feed her nothing but taffy... That's not funny. I'm sorry. Having had some time to familiarize myself with the forensic evidence gathered from the three victims, as well as the manner in which they were killed, I've prepared a very preliminary psychological profile of the man we're looking for. His methodology indicates he has deep-seated issues with women. He probably compensates for his inability to deal with the opposite sex by concentrating excessively on his own appearance. He's not an attractive man, but he's a vain one. I wouldn't be surprised if he adheres to a rigorous exercise regimen. Very impressive, Agent Cooper. I'll give you that. Hair color,eye color, approximate age,height, and weight. Given this level of detail, I take it we now have a witness to one of the murders? Let's just say that Mrs. Dubois' consulting services have already proven quite valuable, and leave it at that. You stand behind this composite then? You're willing to stake your reputation on it? Why,Mr. District Attorney, I thought we were in this together. I'll make sure it's distributed then. I've asked Mrs. Dubois to work from here today. Go through your mug books, see if any faces jump out at her. She's welcome to any vacant desk in the bullpen. - That'll be fine. - I'm afraid that's not quite good enough. Mrs. Dubois requires a certain amount of quiet to do her job. A certain amount of solitude. I thought maybe you could put her up in one of your private offices. Agent Cooper... Mr. Van Dyke. I realize that you and Mrs. Dubois have a history, but surely you're willing to put that aside in the interest of catching this killer. After all... I'd hate to have the press get wind of the fact that I was getting anything less than your complete cooperation. I believe we have an office available on the second floor. You're welcome to it. That wasn't really necessary. What wasn't? That. Much as I love watching that weasel squirm, I didn't even have my own office when Devalos was in charge. Well,maybe he didn't value your services as much as I do. Well,while we're on the subject of my services, I had another dream about our killer last night, and you should know that your profile was right on the money. He was watching your press conference while he adhered to his "rigorous exercise regimen." Did you see anything that might help us locate him? No,but he didn't look too happy about having the darkest corners of his psyche aired on television. "Unhappy" is good, Mrs. Dubois. If he's unhappy, he's that much closer to making a mistake. Mr. Dubois? Hello. I'm glad you found me. My assistant's not always the best when it comes to directions. Please. Well,I'm due back at the office, so I'm going to get right to the point. I'm here because I want to help you develop your solar cell amplification system. And I believe I have the funding to do it. Ms. Doyle,Meghan... I don't know what to say. I don't know how to thank you. I don't know what you said to your colleagues to bring them around,but... Actually,I didn't say anything. I'm sure they're just as dead-set against going into business with you today as they were yesterday. Then I'm afraid I'm a little confused. You just said that you had the funding. If the money's not coming from Buchanon-Lockhart,then where... Me,Mr. Dubois. The money would be coming from me. Like I told you yesterday, I believe in your idea. I think it's a money-maker. And the truth is, I've been looking for an opportunity like this for a long time. I'm tired of making money for Buchanon-Lockhart. I want to go into business for myself. I want to get my hands dirty. I've saved about $300,000 just waiting to hear the right idea. And I think I've heard it. Agent Cooper? Agent Cooper,it's late. I was going to head home. Agent Cooper... I see you've found my high-tech security system. I do it everywhere I go. It's just something I use to make sure that nobody's been in my office while I'm gone. It's a bit paranoid, I know. But I'm afraid I just can't help myself. Well,I went through these files twice,sir. Our killer's not in here. I'm sorry. Oh,no need for apologies. Well,I just wish we were further along. "Further along?" Mrs. Dubois, because of you, I have what could very well turn out to be a physical description of the killer. You've also given me reason to believe that my profile of the man is accurate. I think it's fair to say that because of your involvement in this case, I'm potentially weeks ahead of where I'd normally be. Well,thank you,sir. I have to say it's been a long time since anyone's taken my dreams so seriously, especially here in the District Attorney's office. Well, shame on them for ignoring your talents. I would never be so obtuse. I know what I have in you. Good night,sir. Good night. Housekeeping. Do you want turndown service? Hello. Allison,it's Lee Scanlon. I'm sorry to wake you, but I knew you'd want to hear this right away. It's about Agent Cooper. He was shot. Twice. Oh,my God,no. ********* Whoever killed Cooper didn't leave much evidence behind. Swept his hotel for fingerprints-- anything that might have DNA on it. So far nothing. Service weapon's missing,too. We think the killer might have taken it with him as a trophy. I had it all wrong. I thought I saw Cooper hunting the killer. The killer was really hunting him. I hate to be the bearer of even more bad news, but,uh... Van Dyke wants to see you in his office. Asked if you'd come there as soon as you can. I'm so sorry. What did I tell you about apologies? They're not necessary. I wish I'd done more for you. Mrs. Dubois,I only have so many pep talks in me. I've told you I'm happy with your work. Now if it's all right with you, I'd like to get down to business. I'm going to be interviewing the acquaintances of the most recent victim today, and I'd like you to come with me. Oh,sir... I'm not sure you understand what happened to you last night. Well,actually,last night is a bit fuzzy. Do you remember going home? Going to your hotel room? That man that you were looking for... he was waiting there for you. And he shot you twice. And you... didn't survive. This... this just can't be. I don't know what you think you're doing in here, but those files are no longer your concern. And in light of Edward Cooper's tragic death, the Phoenix District Attorney's office no longer has any need for your... services. They're terminated, effective immediately. I need you out of the building, Mrs. Dubois. It's 11:00. What do you say? I'm not ready yet. The guy was a killer,Allison. You couldn't tell me enough. The guy was a killer. That doesn't mean he deserved what he got. I got those papers from Meghan Doyle today. Turns out she has a rather flexible definition of the word "partnership." What do you mean? On exchange for funding, she wants 51% ownership. I'm told that's a non-negotiable figure. I don't get it. That only leaves you 49%. Exactly. Minority share. She's trying to buy the right to be my boss. Tell her no. Yeah,it definitely crossed my mind. I was also thinking maybe I'd tell her yes. I want to get on with it,honey. I want to get on with my life. I want to earn a living. I want to accomplish something. Do you want to give up control of your idea? No,of course I don't. Then don't. If Meghan Doyle thinks your idea is great, somebody else will,too. Somebody who's willing to do it your way. Okay. Is that an official psychic prediction? That's an official wife who believes in her husband prediction. What do you say? It's past 11:00. I'm just saying I thought the ending was spectacularly stupid,that's all. Fine,you don't like romantic comedies. I get it. I didn't say that. The next time we go to the movies, we'll see something about zombies. Or ninjas. Or ninjas fighting zombies. You promise? What's going on? You okay? Yeah,I'm sorry. It was a bad dream. More serial killer stuff? No. It was a car accident. - You need to call someone? - No. I don't know who they were. I don't know where they were. It's okay. Go back to sleep. I'm going to get a glass of water. COOPER: You have a lovely home, Mrs. Dubois. It's very you. I wanted to apologize for disappearing this morning. I didn't quite have a handle on my situation yet. You know,if there's anything you need me to do, maybe... give a message to your loved ones. Mrs. Dubois... Are you forgetting that we still have a killer to catch? My own murder was unfortunate,yes, but it hardly changes the nature of our collaboration. Are you saying you're here because of the case? Why else would I be here? My last moments were extremely unpleasant. Not because of the considerable pain I was in, but because,as far as I knew, I wasn't going to close this case. My killer reveled in that fact. He stood over me as I lay dying, taunting me. He insisted that Gretchen Ballard and Amanda Boone and Nina Jarvis were only the beginning; that with with me out of the picture, no one could stop him from taking more lives. But with your help... I'd like to show him just how wrong he was. Okay. What would you like me to do? To start with... first thing this morning I want you to go back to the police and give them a description of the man who killed me. Okay. But I already did that. You were there when we made the sketch. Yes,I know. You told him that he was a compact man... long hair,hazel eyes, extremely fit. And he was. Well,no,actually,he wasn't. The man who killed me was short,middle-aged, shaved head, bit on the pudgy side. Frankly,I'm... I'm a little embarrassed that he got the drop on me. I don't know whose face you've been seeing in your dreams,Mrs. Dubois, but he's not the killer that we've been looking for. ****** I'm glad I caught you. I need to talk to you about Cooper. That's funny. I was just about to call you about the very same subject. A valet at the hotel where Cooper was staying just got a look of your sketch of the killer. He saw a guy who looked just like him peeling out of the hotel parking lot the night Cooper was murdered. Valet remembers the make and model of the car, and get this, he even got a partial on the guy's license plate because he thought the guy might have been driving drunk. Seems like a pretty good lead,right? I was just about to go run it down. Don't bother. The sketch is wrong. What are you talking about? The sketch came from you. I don't know what to tell you. Apparently,I got the wrong face. Uh,and you know that because? I know that because Cooper came to see me last night. And he saw the man who shot him and it wasn't the person I described. Okay,what do you want from me then? A favor. I need to look through the mug books again. Why? You just got done telling me you didn't see the killer's face. Well,that's true I didn't, but Cooper did. Lynn,hey. Sorry,it doesn't look like lunch is in the cards today. What am I doing? You wouldn't believe it, not in a million years. His name is Donald Kessler. Convicted of rape in '97. Served ten years and got out last spring. Cooper's positive this is our guy? He said there's no doubt about it. Well,according to this, our friend Mr. Kessler skipped out on his parole about six months ago. Present whereabouts unknown. It says here he's got a sister in Glendale. Maybe you could go talk to her and see if she's heard from him lately. Talk to people? Yeah,sure,I can do that. Ask some questions-- not a problem. Who knows,I might even be able to find the guy. Just try to remember, it's going to take a whole lot more than the word of a dead FBI guy for me to actually arrest him. Hey,partner. Come on. Sit down. We have some celebrating to do. No,Meghan, I don't want a drink. I'm not sure that I should even sit. I just,I figured you deserved to hear this in person. Okay... You found someone else, another firm, somebody you think is better connected. Willing to offer more capital? No,no,it's not that. For God's sake,sit down. People are looking. They think we're lovers having a quarrel. I'm sorry. Meghan,uh... I'm extremely flattered by your interest in my proposal. Um,I just... I didn't realize that you were going to buy a controlling stake. That's just not something that I'm willing to give up. I'm sorry. But unless you're willing to rethink the 51-49 split, I don't see how I can do this with you. Can I have a dirty martini? Joe? Gosh,you're going to turn me downand make me drink alone? Okay,fine. I'll have what she's having. Someone win the lottery? Ah,not quite. One of Bridgette's teeth finally fell out, so the Tooth Fairy owes her a dollar. And all I've got is a ten, a five and... 89 cents. I got wrinkled and non-wrinkled. Martini,huh? So how'd it go? How'd she take it? Um,I signed the papers. You're upset. No,I'm not upset. I'm bewildered. You told me you were gonna turn her down. I know,I know. And I,and I absolutely, I should have talked to you first. I just... she really wants it. I don't know. When she started to tell me about her plans for the business, what she thought the upside would be in three years and five years, and I just can't explain it. I just started to get a really good feeling about her. I guess you'd call it an intuition. I mean, if anybody can understand going with their intuition, it's you,right? So what happened to "Let's be patient"? What happened to being your own boss? I don't know. Maybe I was being a little naive about that. According to her, there's no way that I have the leverage to get a majority share no matter who I sign with. Probably wouldn't even get close to 49% either. Now,look,Al,I know this is out of the blue, but tell me you're happy. This is gonna be so much better if you're happy with it. I'm happy... as long as you are. I am. Well,then that's that. We are officially happy. Julia? Julia? Baby? You okay? What just happened? We were in a crash. Somebody just hit us. Stay here,okay? I'm gonna go check on the other driver. Hey,buddy? You okay? Mrs. Dubois? I found him, Mrs. Dubois. I know where he is. Where who is? Donald Kessler, the man who murdered me. He's at a bar downtown-- the Old Stone Jug, 1818 Hamilton Street. If you and Detective Scanlon go down there right now, you'll find him. You'll find evidence on him that proves he murdered those women. Move,Mrs. Dubois! We haven't a moment to spare! Wait a second. He said it was the Old Stone Jug. You sure it was this Old Stone Jug? Well,1818 Hamilton Street. This is absolutely the place. Well,I don't know what to tell you,Allison. According to this,the place got condemned back in '05. No one's had a drink here in a good long time. Well,he couldn't have been clearer. He said Donald Kessler was here right now. Honestly,I'm a little confused myself. I know I never understood exactly how your thing works, but you always made it sound like after you die, you pretty much know everything there is, was or ever will be. So tell me, how does a dead guy, especially one as smart as Edward Cooper, make a mistake like this? Oh,boy,this doesn't look good. Wait. Pull over. It's being handled. I dreamt about this. Please pull over. You wait here. I'll go get the scoop. Looks a lot like the guy in your sketch,doesn't he? This is him. This is the man I saw kill Cooper. As much as I hate to disagree with the ghost of a famous profiler, that is the man who killed Edward Cooper. The name is Julian Pierce. First cops on the scene found a duffel bag on the seat of his car that had a gun inside. They ran the serial numbers. Turns out it was a government-issued firearm: Edward Cooper's government-issued firearm. What about Donald Kessler? Donald Kessler didn't kill Cooper. He didn't kill those three prostitutes either. Julian Pierce did. In addition to Cooper's gun, they found a stash of photos. Polaroids of the dead women-- even a few close-ups of the wedding bands he put on their fingers. I don't know why Cooper claimed that Donald Kessler killed them, but he was wrong. Oh,no. No,he wasn't wrong. He was lying to us. He knew this was gonna happen. That's why he tried to throw us off of Julian Pierce's scent. He knew if we arrested Pierce, before tonight, he wouldn't have been in this car. He wouldn't have died in this accident. So you're saying this was a setup? That Cooper sent you on a wild goose chase to guarantee that this guy died tonight? 'Cause I have to tell you, Allison, that sounds a lot like murder. Not to Cooper. To Edward Cooper, this was justice. You should know, Mrs. Dubois. The one thing I regret in all this was lying to you. Well,I can see that. Look,you're all torn up inside. I never intended for you to come across that accident site. And I certainly didn't want the death of Julian Pierce weighing on your conscience. I know how strongly you prefer working within the confines of the justice system. For what it's worth, I wasn't lying when you first came to me at the cemetery. I had absolutely no intention of taking Julian Pierce's life. But as you well know, circumstances changed. My death gave me a whole new... perspective on the man and his actions. New perspective. I think you're underestimating how well I know you, Agent Cooper. This was revenge, pure and simple. I won't deny I took a certain amount of pleasure in Mr. Pierce's death. But I assure you, what I did tonight, I did for the greater good. Tell yourself whatever you want. I'm going to bed. Ellen Hartley. I beg your pardon? Ellen Hartley. She's a nurse at McCarren State Penitentiary. It's where Mr. Pierce would have ended up had you and Detective Scanlon arrested him. You'd like her,Mrs. Dubois. She's a mother of three just like you. In four years' time, Julian Pierce was going to fake an illness so he could spend the night in the prison infirmary. He was going to strangle Ellen Hartley. I suppose he wanted just one more notch on his belt before they executed him. I don't believe you. You're lying to me again. It's all you've ever done. If there was some way I could prove it to you,I would. But the fact of the matter is you'll never know. You'll never be certain I did the right thing by facilitating the death of Julian Pierce. But I am. I am absolutely positive the world is a much better place without him in it. Why don't you just go away? I'm not ready to move on just yet. It occurs to me, Mrs. Dubois, that you and I have a very unique opportunity. This doesn't have to be our last collaboration. What are you talking about? I can see a lot of things from this side, things I can't share with anyone but you. If I were to catch on to another Julian Pierce, you'd be in a unique position to help me take care of it. You want me to help you end more lives? I want you to help me save lives: potential victims,good people who don't deserve to die. It's so sad. I'm sure at some point you were a good man. I don't know where you lost your way, but in the end,you are no better than Julian Pierce. You're a killer. And before long, you're gonna wind up in the same terrible place he is. I would never help you. Guess we won't know until we know. Will we? It's been a pleasure, Mrs. Dubois. As always. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-