Bachelor Number One, you're up! Hey, Don Juan! Your new ball-and-chain is waiting. What do you say? Come on, man. Time to flush and go. Your future ex is waiting. You find him? I think he's wringing it out. Come on, man. What's the deal? You fall in? You okay? Knock it down. I'm coming in, man. Oh, man. What are you doing? Talk to me. No. It's nothing. Nonsense. Nonsense. Rise and shine. Up and at 'em. Morning. School. Yay. No fair, sweet pea. I just called in your room for you to wake up. How long have you been out here? I don't know. I couldn't sleep. I have to do this oral presentation on the history of anti- discrimination legislation and I know I'm not going to do very well. You don't know that. Oh, yes, I do. There are kids in my class that have been working on theirs for weeks. Weeks, Ariel? Doesn't actually require weeks. It's just, some kids are nuts. Besides that it's just some kind of contest. The top three kids in our school get to go to the state assembly and make their presentations in front of our assemblyman. Wow. Mom, you don't get it. I don't care. But a lot of the other kids do. And that's just going to make me look worse. I'm sure you're going to do fine. That's Mr. Cathcart's class, right? You always do well in there. He likes you. Good morning. Or am I being hasty? DEVALOS: We believe they were mules-- impoverished foreign nationals hired by drug dealers to swallow condoms filled with heroin, then fly over to this country on commercial jetliners and wait in hotel rooms to expel the drugs. What happened to their eyes? Gouged out. Someone's trying to send a message. I don't follow. DEVALOS: Drugs are a cyclical business. One group will control the trafficking for a while, then somebody else will decide it's their turn. I'm betting whoever that somebody is that he grabbed these mules at the airport before their real employer could get to them. Took them to that hotel. Sliced 'em in half, rather than wait for nature to deliver the merchandise, then ripped out their eyes just for good measure. Detective Scanlon has quite a bit of experience in these matters. Three years ago he headed up an undercover unit that helped stem a great deal of drug trafficking here in the Southwest. Well, good. Then maybe he can tell me how much more of this we can expect. It's not like the weather. No one can tell you when it's going to blow over. I think what our new deputy mayor is asking... I know what she's asking. She wants to know how messy it's going to get: if we keep it downtown where nobody really sees it, where nobody really cares, or if it's gonna rear its ugly head in the nice neighborhoods where people actually go to the polls and sometimes even make campaign contributions. We'll do our best. Hi. Hiya. So how goes the new job? Well, it would go a lot better if people would stop killing people. Hey, Deputy Doll, how's the coffee? Could you not? Hmm? Could I not "what"? It's important to be specific about these things. There's all kinds of laws about how to deal with the opposite sex in the workplace and I don't want to run afoul of any of them. You can see the future. What are my chances? You're not serious. What? You don't think I was charming? It really doesn't matter what I think. You're wrong. She's in the elevator right now calling her best friend trying to figure out what to wear when I finally ask her out. What? That's not what you see? You want to know what I see? Actually. I had a dream about you last night. A really crazy dream. I have that effect on women. I was not in it. A nightmare. I understand. You were getting married. Really? That is a nightmare. You were so upset with going through with it that you hid in the bathroom and did drugs. Okay, get to the crazy part. That is crazy. It is. Do I look like a guy who's ever contemplated marriage? Do I look like a guy who's ever done drugs? Okay, I'm going back to the station house. Wait for a call from the deputy mayor. ...and so we have all of these anti-discrimination laws that make America a better place to live. Very nice, Ariel. Terrence Bock. Do you see all those cards? Terrence? The history of discrimination in the United States and the progression of legislative remedies created by the various branches of government assigned the task of safeguarding the rights of each and every citizen provides a moving portrait of contemporary democracy in action. In the next 15 minutes, I will attempt to demonstrate how the constant evolution of anti-discrimination laws in the United States has helped to change the way we live as Americans. 1,095 days without drugs. Three years. Everyone in this room knows what a monumental event that is. It's quite a milestone for this man. And I couldn't be more proud. Lee? Here's a little something for you to add to your charm bracelet. My name's Lee. I'm a drug addict. ALL: Hi, Lee. Is everything okay? Yeah. I don't know. I guess... I guess I had a nightmare. Wow. I don't think I've ever heard you use that word before. Detective Scanlon was in it. His eyes were gouged out. Like those women in the newspaper? What you doing? Hmm? I don't know. I think maybe I should give him a call. And tell him what? About some nightmare? It's 2:00 in the morning. No. You're right. What was I thinking? It'll hold till morning. It'll definitely hold till morning. Don't do that. Save that stuff for people you like. Good morning to you, too. I know you want me to think it was some giant coincidence you showed up at the meeting last night, but I don't believe in coincidences. No. You're wrong. Look, I heard you were going to be three years clean. I'm two and a half. Can't a friend root for a friend? Okay, fine. I need a favor. I already did you one. Feel free to leave anytime you want. Oh, you're cold. You got a heart of ice. You froze it, honey. Well, get over it. People get engaged every day. Sometimes it doesn't work out. You set me up. You knew who I was. You knew what I did for a living. And you knew who I was. Nice girl from a nice family. Yeah, that's some family. I would have told you. When? Before or after the wedding? Hmm? Before or after I was called to testify against them? What's the favor? Those were our mules somebody sliced and diced the other day. Do you know anything? You honestly think, if I knew something, I'd tell you? It would be good for both of us, Lee. Get out of here. Get your clothes, and get out of here. No, no, sweetie. No. Those are the cards from Ariel's report. It's okay. I told her she could have them. Daddy! Is that for me? Thank you. No. This one. This one. Oh, that one. Okay. I don't understand. Last night, you said the presentation went well. It did. But it's not like it was so good that they're going to send me to the State Assembly. Mama! Thank you very much. Honey, if you do win, you're going to have to write these all over again. I'm not going to win. Terrence Bock is going to win. His presentation was way longer than anybody else's, and he practically had it memorized. Well, I'm sure he did a good job, but we still don't know. Oh, yes, I do. Terrence Bock is going to win. You looking for me? Yeah. Lee, come on in. What's up? You making any progress identifying those three mules that died the other night? Surprise, surprise. Their fingerprints and DNA don't match anything we had on file. We reached out to the appropriate foreign governments, and they contacted their law enforcement agencies, but it's going to be a while before anyone gets back to us. What? I got the damnedest call from a friend in the coroner's office. Their official report won't be out for another couple of hours, but one of these murdered girls doesn't quite fit the profile of your typical drug mule. How's that? When was the last time you ran into a dirt-poor girl from Latin America with a nose job? Excuse me? One of these mules appears to have had cosmetic surgery. A rhinoplasty. And, in the coroner's estimation, quite an expensive one. In addition, she's sporting a very high-end set of dental laminates. Not the kind of thing one would expect from someone so impoverished that they're willing to swallow capsules of heroin for money. I'm worried about you. Hello, stranger. I had another dream about you. Maybe I'm the one who should be worried about you. It was kind of nutty. You were with this really exotic woman. Nothing nutty about that. And she gouged your eyes out with her thumbs, like those mules. Come on. I'm waiting for you to say something funny back. I don't quite know what to say. I'm at a loss for words. Truth is, I make all my exotic women friends wear boxing gloves. Ah, ha, ha! Hey, I appreciate the tip. Oh, hey, did Deputy Doll ever get back to you? Wow. First, you gouge out my eyes, then you rip out my heart. Overall, I was very impressed with everyone's presentations. Obviously, everyone can't go to the State Assembly but, ultimately, that's not what this assignment was about. Ultimately, I hope it gave all of you a chance to learn about how the citizens of this country compelled their government to create laws that would protect and guarantee equality and fairness for everyone, no matter who they are, no matter what they look like, no matter how much money they make. This is great. We're really proud of you, kiddo. I don't know. What is there not to know, huh? You obviously did a great job. But I didn't. I mean, you saw. I did it the night before and the morning of. Well, sometimes... I can't believe I'm saying this. Sometimes it isn't about that. I could use a little help over here. I think what your mother's trying to say is that preparation always counts. But, a lot of times, in the real world, it ends up being about the final product. And I guess we have to assume that your final product-- your presentation-- was the best. But it wasn't. Terrence's was. Well, that's your opinion, honey. But, apparently, Mr. Cathcart doesn't agree. Wait a second. Who is this "Terrence"? Is he some boy you like? Dad! I'm just asking. No. No one likes him. He's not the kind of boy girls like. He's kind of icky. But his presentation was so good. He's like somebody you'd see on one of those boring cable shows or something, talking about history. I just keep thinking that Mr. Cathcart made a mistake. Well, then, you need to talk to him about it. Either he will convince you that you did a great job or you'll convince him otherwise. Hey. Thanks for coming. It's cold out, Lee, and it's late. You kicked me out of your bed this morning, and then you call me and tell me to come over. What's going on? Nothing's going on. You asked me if I could find out who might have done this thing. You know? I'm working on it. I got to ask you a question though. Do you know these girls? You know their names? Their names? They're mules. I don't know their names. They're recruited over there. I mean, whoever did this, they took their passports. They took their ticket stubs. We went through that hotel with a fine-tooth comb, and we couldn't find a thing. Wait a second. Do you know something, or are you trying to find something out? I know this: I know it's too early to be waging a war against whoever you think it is might be responsible. You're confusing me. What are you saying? I'm saying something's starting to smell funny. Something caught the coroner's eye this morning. I didn't think much of it at first. Maybe it's something. Maybe it's nothing. What are you talking about? I'm not entirely sure. All I know is something isn't adding up, and I'd hate to see a lot of innocent people die and a lot of blood get spilled for no reason. Talk to who you need to talk to. Buy me some time. Let me get to the bottom of this. What? You know, we could have had this conversation in bed. Someone I work with told me to be careful with women like you or I might just end up like one of your mules. They should mind their own business. I'll talk to whoever I need to talk to. I'll try to calm things down. I appreciate it. Last chance. Don't tempt me. Mr. Cathcart? Ariel. Come on in. What can I help you with? It's about the presentation, the trip. Oh, you know what? I don't actually have the packet yet. Uh, the permission slips and the information for your parents-- I'm still waiting for it to come from the central office. Uh, no. That-That's not it. Um, I was really surprised that you picked me. Come sit down. Why are you surprised that I would pick you? Well, I guess I just didn't think I was the best. What, you think someone else's was better? Whose? Terrence Bock's. Terrence Bock? You're kidding. That boy disgusts me. Terrence Bock is a very bright boy. Uh, his research was very detailed. I just look at him, and I get depressed. You know he's going to spend his life alone. But a presentation is more than just the collection of data. You know, its effectiveness often hinges on a lot of intangibles. But does he ever wash? Have you ever seen him when there wasn't something in his nose? Likability, the attractiveness of the person making the presentation. Your willingness to listen to what they have to say. He's repugnant. Even the word "repugnant" finds him repugnant. In all those areas, Ariel, your work was vastly superior. Uh, okay. I hope I answered your question. And I hope you're genuinely as excited about this as I am. I think we're going to have a wonderful day at the Capitol. Uh, sure, Mr. Cathcart. Hey, you got a minute? What's that expression? Fool me once, good for you. Fool me twice... Hey, what's on your mind? I don't understand. You should be a happy guy. Two days ago we all thought we were staring at a drug war. 48 hours have gone by and nothing's happened. I know. That's kind of interesting, isn't it? Well, I'm just assuming. I mean, you told me yesterday you were going to talk to some people, try and cool things off. You're right: it was me. I'm a hero. I made peace in the Middle East. I should run for President. You know what? I have dinner waiting for me at home, so if you're not going to tell me what's on your mind... I spent most of the afternoon with the coroner. That third mule. It's not just a nose job, not just nice teeth. She had piercings in places I didn't know you could pierce. Not something you see a lot of in Latin America. Didn't I have this very conversation with you yesterday? ( sighing ): So what are you thinking?</i> An American girl in a foreign country down on her luck agrees to swallow drugs for the money to get back home? Maybe. Maybe she never left home. Excuse me? Pubic hair's blonde. Didn't have any when they brought her in. You know how nails and hair keep growing for a couple days after. I got a hunch her eyes were blue, but I guess we'll never know that. Tell me where you're going with this. Somebody dies by accident, on purpose... I don't know. They need to get rid of a body. As luck would have it, their family happens to be in the drug-running business. So you slaughter two of your own mules, girls that no one will ever miss, you throw in a third; everybody assumes that they come from the same place, do the same thing. And while everybody's looking for a girl from Latin America, Jane Doe from somewhere in the US lies unclaimed in the coroner's office. Something like that. Mom? Can you come talk to me? That Mr. Cathcart, the one who said those horrible things about Terrence-- I'm pretty sure he wasn't even in the room today. You know what I'm talking about, don't you? I don't know. Maybe. Kinda. I think it might have been his heart that you heard. I think it might have been his soul. Okay, but what do I do now? I don't know. What do you want to do? Shouldn't we tell someone? Tell them what? That deep down inside Mr. Cathcart doesn't like Terrence? How would we prove that? What would we say? So we just do nothing? I didn't say that. Does Terence know how much you liked his presentation? No. I don't talk to Terrence. Nobody I know talks to Terrence. What? I was listening to your heart. I was listening to your soul. ( doorbell ringing ) Hey, Lee. I know it's the middle of the night, but... What's this? Search warrant. You're kidding, right? Searching for what? Why don't you just let us in, Lee? Appreciate it. They'll just take a quick look around, then we'll be on our way. Mr. District Attorney? Excuse me. Found these on the night table, sir. Morning. Hey, early bird. What's up? I'm concerned about Detective Scanlon. The last three nights I've had dreams about him. Dreams, huh? Well, let me be the first to let you down easy. Office gossip is he's got a yen for our new deputy mayor. I'm serious. Come on, man. Time to flush and go. Your future ex is waiting. DEVALOS: Lieutenant Greene. Mr. District Attorney, may I speak to you for a moment? In private, if that's possible. Sorry to interrupt. No problem. Is everything all right? That, that was Lieutenant Greene. He runs Vice. He came to tell me they finally ID'd that third mule. Turns out she wasn't a mule at all. She was a police officer-- an undercover police officer. Jennifer Reed. Nice girl. Third-generation Phoenix PD. I don't understand. Someone dyed her hair black, pulled out her eyes, threw her in a trash can with two other mules, and... they figured that we'd be so busy looking for someone Colombian or Honduran or... We didn't even know she was missing. I'm sorry. What were we talking about? Dreams... I'm going to come back another time. Did you know her well? Not really. She worked for Larry in Vice. Larry and I came up together, undercover work. No, I didn't know her. I knew the person who did this to her, though. Four years ago or so, I was deep undercover investigating the Cabrerra family drug operation. I was spending a lot of time in clubs. Spending a lot of time with a lot of really twisted people, dabbling in the drugs myself, which was really stupid, but kind of the only way to live in that world. She was this club girl. Everywhere I was, she was. She was so much fun. And I'm this pathological bachelor, but all of a sudden, I can't bear the thought of living my life without this girl. I can't bear the thought of her being with anybody else. I fell hard, Allison. Then one day, our favorite district attorney Manuel Devalos calls me into his office. He says, "You engaged to this woman?" And it's her. She's a Cabrerra. It's all a setup. I can't testify against them without an attorney saying, "Hey, wait a second. You're not an unbiased witness." So they drummed me out of Vice, put me through rehab, moved me over to Homicide. I never saw her again. Not until the other day when she showed up at that NA meeting. So... that's the wedding, the drugs. What else did you dream? She blinds you. I guess we both know what that's about. Larry said this girl Jennifer was deep undercover in Elena's organization. We're guessing Elena killed her, then sought me out to be sure we bought the mule thing. And we would have if it wasn't for the plastic surgery. What happens now? We have a warrant out for her arrest, but I'm guessing she's gone. What was that other dream? Devalos searches your place. Right. Can't help you with that one. Hi, Mom. I'm hungry. Can we stop somewhere for food? We have food at home, Bridge. We got apples, oranges, bananas. That's not food. It's fruit. Hi, Mom. Can I bring a friend home from school? Now? Today? Oh, Ariel, who is it? Terrence Bock. Terrence Bock? Sure, I guess so. ARIEL: Hey, Terrence, she said it's all right! Hi, Terrence. Nice to meet you. Hi. Are you hot with that coat on? No. This is my sister Bridgette. Hi. ( whispering ): Tell her you want to stop for food.</i> Thanks for being so nice to him. Letting him stay for dinner and everything. Oh, I was happy to. He seemed really... What is the deal with that coat? I don't know. He's kind of odd. I'm not even sure we're going to stay friends. Although, he did seem to hit it off with Bridgette. But you were right. I'm glad I told him how much I liked his presentation. You can tell he's probably not somebody who hears good stuff very much. I think you probably made him very happy. I talked to Mr. Cathcart, too. Oh, yeah? I told him I wouldn't be going to the State Assembly. I hope that's okay. I think that's very okay. How did he react? He got really quiet. Both of him. We have really special kids. I had nothing to do with it. I wasn't even in town that week. Did you ask what gives with that boy and his coat? Apparently, that's where he derives his extraordinary powers of elocution from. ( sighs ) Today started off as the most dark, awful day. What happened to change it? Nothing changed. The woman responsible for all this death and sadness is still at large. Detective Scanlon is out there somewhere wrestling with his demons, trying to make sense of the choices he's made with his life. A young undercover cop and two unsuspecting mules are still dead. Nothing changed. It's just... I have kids. No matter how dark things get at work I can come home. And there's always something light. All right, maybe I was home those weeks. Forget the light. Close the door. Elena... you already killed one cop. You shoot me, they won't even bother with a trial. They'll just claim you tried to escape one night and let one of the guards take you out for fun. I didn't kill any cops. I didn't kill any mules. I didn't do this. It wasn't done by me. It was done to me. Don't answer it. Elena... Yeah? DEVALOS: Lee. It's Manny Devalos. Lee. Hey, what's going on? Is everything okay? I don't know. I think I have to call Devalos. What? What are you talking about? It's 3:00 in the morning, Al. Almost out the door. Excuse me? I'm sorry. Who is this? It's Allison Dubois. It's Allison. I'm sorry to call you in the middle of the night. It's just... Allison, I can't talk now. Look, someone spotted a woman who matches the description of Elena Cabrerra breaking and entering an apartment in the building where Detective Scanlon lives. We've been calling and calling, but we can't get him on the phone. It's probably a wild-goose chase, but I'm headed over there now with Lieutenant Greene. Can I talk to you tomorrow please? Of course, but... It's not a wild-goose chase, sir. ??? Forget the light. Close the door. Elena... you already killed one cop. You shoot me, they won't even bother with a trial. They'll just claim you tried to escape one night and let one of the guards take you out for fun. I didn't kill any cops. I didn't kill any mules. I didn't do this. It wasn't done by me. It was done to me. Elena... I need your help. I need your protection. What are you talking about? Of all the women in the world, you're the one I know needs the least protection. Now put the gun down. You're such an adorable fool, Lee. Everybody needs protection. Especially drug dealers. Don't you know that's what you were supposed to be? When I first met you at the clubs, when I first made you for a cop, I said to my uncles, "That one. He's cute. He's on his way up. Let me at him." And you were good at everything. Except the compromising- your-convictions part. No way were you going to take a piece of our operation in return for a little protection. It just wasn't in you. Sorry to let you down. I had a need and you couldn't fill it. But your friend, Larry Greene... What'd you call him? "The best man I know?" Very practical fellow. Happy to hear that. Now here you want my help. Then put the gun down... and let me take you in. Anything you want to say, I know the DA would love to hear it. Lee... I'm trying to tell you what's going on. I'm trying to tell you what happened. That girl? That cop? She was deep undercover, and she figured it out. She figured out Lieutenant Greene was dirty, so he killed her. Made her look like a mule, and figured I'd start a war over it, and by the time the smoke cleared, nobody'd be the wiser. Now, that's quite a story, Elena. But you have to admit you been telling stories since the day I met you. "I'm just a businesswoman who loves to dance, Lee." "I've been waiting for you my whole life, Lee." "I'd love to marry you, Lee." Now put the gun down, let me take you to city hall where you can tell your story to somebody who actually gives a damn. Thank you. Turn around. ( knocking ) Yeah? Hey, Lee, it's Greene. Word on the street is you might have some company. Got it under control. We're heading downtown, you want to meet us. Whatever you say, amigo. Just want to warn you, though... the whole damn cavalry is on the way. Do me a favor and tell them to meet me back at the fort. You got it. Lee... You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to counsel. Skank-whore death merchant. Kills a cop. Breaks and enters. Over and out. Lee! Lee! Lee! Yeah... "That one," I said. "He's cute. Let me at him." How you doing? I was concerned about you. Why, did you have any more dreams? Well, yeah, actually, I had one. A woman came to me. She was on her way to a very dark, awful place, and she knew it. Before she got there, she wanted me to say "hi" to you. To tell you she was sorry. To tell you "thank you." What, no "Deputy Doll"? I don't know. I got the sense it wasn't appreciated.