number and I'll call you back. Hey, honey, it's me. Look, I stopped at one of those super stores To pick up some cleaning supplies, And time kind of got away from me. I was hoping I could sell you on some chinese Or some mexican tonight. Little executive decision here. I can't even remember where I parked now. All right, well, I'll see you soon. I'll be the girl with the bag or the box of food. Hey, lady, excuse me. Can you spare some change for the bus? I got to get home so I can do homework, but I'm broke. Maybe you could lend me five bucks? Lend you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just-- you give me your name and address, And I'll mail it back to you. I swear. I just don't get it. Why do you need to take the bus? Why don't your friends give you a ride? You're right. For that matter, why don't I just take your purse And help myself to whatever I want. Take it. Wait, wait, wait, Wait, please. Listen, my little girls' baby pictures are in there. Can I just take them out of my wallet, please? I don't have any copies. Yeah, sure. And if there are any fives, tens or 20s You feel particularly attached to, Maybe you should keep those, too. Hey! Those pictures-- I'm not going to ask you again. You stupid, gutless Punks. I would have given you my purse, But nobody touches my little girls' baby pictures. Ew, what's that smell? That's it. That's it. Take a good deep breath of that. just keep those eyes open for a bit, And I'll put away the smelling salts. What happened? What's going on? What happened to me? You were mugged, ma'am. You've been out cold for the last ten minutes. medium  615 You okay? Me? I'm fine. I want to kill somebody, but other than that... I'm not getting any service. I think I ought to duck outside. I want the girls to know that we'll be coming home soon. Yeah, yeah, go. I'm fine. That's some shiner. You mind if I ask how it happened? I got mugged. Waiting for an x-ray? Cat scan. You? I broke my knuckle. Same as the last two times I was here. Wow, you broke that three times? Well, it's Occupational hazard. I'm an instructor for a program called prevail. It's a self-defense course. We teach people how to handle themselves in sticky situations. I wish I had met you last week. Ms. Hudack? Yeah. Here's hoping nothing like this Ever happens to you again. Oh, my god, mom, what did they do to your face? What, this? Honey, this is nothing. You should see the other guy. Shh, don't cry. Ӳ Okay. I just called all the credit card companies, And I canceled everything. Oh, great, they didn't get your keys. Here. Okay, so I'll take ariel with me tomorrow, And I'll go pick up your car. That's great. Except I still can't remember where I actually parked. Well, that's all right. I also called devalos while you were in your cat scan. I told him that you needed rest. You weren't coming into work tomorrow. Wait a second... No, allison. The doctor said you needed rest. I say you need rest. Phoenix can do without its psychic for one day. Did you hear that? Joe? Joe, did you hear that? joe, what are you doing? I haven't been able to get you out of my mind, sweet thing. I got your address on your driver's license. Thought I'd come by and get to know you a little better. It's not a martial arts class. I mean, we teach average people how to do things anybody can do. We train you how to avoid confrontation, But also, you know, what to do if you find yourself in one. Every day at work, I see the most horrible things. I see torture, mutilation, death. You'd think nothing would get to me. Ever since this kid hit me, something has changed. I just don't feel like the ground that I'm walking on Is as solid as it used to be. You know, it's going to continue to feel like that Until you can convince yourself That the world is a manageable place again. I know what it's like. And if it hadn't been for prevail, I'm sure I'd still be dwelling on what happened to me. Six years ago, I was coming home from the gym, And there was a man in my apartment. The police said he got in through a window. He was just... Sitting there, Waiting for me. He grabbed me while I was looking through a stack of mail. He... Beat me until I could barely move. He broke all my ribs. He broke one of my arms, my cheekbone. And then he raped me. Three times. When he was done, he just left. I don't know, I think he thought I was dead. It all happened so fast, it was like... He was on me, he was hitting me, And then my eyes were swollen shut Before I even saw what he looked like. Anyway, I... I walked around with this feeling you're describing... For a really long time. And then I found this place. I want you to feel the ground underneath your feet again, And I think we can help. You wanted to see me? Yeah, lee, come on in. Take a look. What's this? These are still frames from a video. The man wearing the mask Is raping the girl. She's 15. Her name is kate hatton. She used a fake I.D. To get into a bar. Somebody spiked her drink. She woke up the next day in the alley And realized that she'd been sexually assaulted, But she couldn't describe her assailant. And there was no dna evidence recovered. Then we found this video Right there on the internet. Wait a second. This guy raped a teenage girl, videoed it and then posted it? Yeah. We blew some of these images up-- Looking for anything that might help us identify this guy. Compared that to what was in the sex offenders registry. We thought we had a match, And then we realized that video alone Would be inconclusive in court. So, I got a detective From vice, had him go undercover. Made up a phony name. Put him in the sex offenders registry, Posing as a child molester on parole. Henry maynard-- he called himself. We got him into the same Court-ordered therapy group as the suspect, Hoping that he would get close enough, And the suspect would confide in him. Give him some details of the crime. Something we could use in court, or... And? And our made-up henry maynard hasn't checked in In over a week. You're thinking our masked man figured out There's an undercover cop on his tail? All we know is Is that he approached the suspect, The investigation was proceeding, And then he just vanished. Tell me what I can do to help. Well, that's just it. I don't want your help. I called you in here 'cause you're a friend. I called you in here to give you a heads-up. This is a case You cannot be involved in, lee. This is a case you've got to stay away from. I'm sorry. Take a look at the pictures again. The suspect has been convicted twice before Of rape, one time against a minor. Been out of prison nearly three years now. I'm almost certain that's your brother. I'm confused. I thought your brother was living in oregon. Well, he's not; he's back in phoenix. And I guess he's been here awhile. Nice for him to tell me, right? As far as whether not that's him in that video, I can't even wrap my brain around it. Now they're talking like maybe he killed this detective, This... Henry maynard guy, or whatever his real name is. I think I'll go talk to him. ; lee... Leigh. It's weird. When I think about him, all I remember is A older brother that kept my drunken father From beating the crap out of me. Growing up, he wouldn't hurt a fly. I don't even know him anymore. Hey, bo. Mr. Good. So I heard a rumor-- I'm a uncle now. Had a little girl last August. Name's leigh. Uh-huh. Me and the mom are engaged. Well, that's good, mr. Good. That's terrific, man. You got any pictures or...? Well, maybe I can meet her sometime. Look, lee... Here's the thing, man. I'm not like I used to be. Prison... It beats the bad out of you. And any little bit of bad that they didn't get, The parole system takes care of. They got me in group, five days a week now. That's good, paul. The stuff with the girls-- I'm on all the databases now, And I got the brand on me: "Sex offender," But I'm not... Some pervert. It was about anger. I was just mad all the time. I don't know if it was 'cause of dad, Or maybe it was just the way I was wired. I don't know. I'm 50 years old now, man. I'm a different guy. I think I finally got a handle on everything. You say so. What's that mean? I don't know, you sneaked back into town, You know about me, I don't know about you. I was trying to get on my feet, man. Maybe get a nicer place before I saw my little brother, Met my new niece. So hard to understand? No. I gotta ask you a question, paul. You ask me anything you want, mr. Good. I'll give you a straight answer. You ever met a guy named henry maynard? So that's what you're doing here, huh? Checking on someone in the perv posse, huh? Yeah, I know, uh, I know henry. I see him at my 12-step meetings. He seems... He seems like an okay guy. Why, is he in some sort of trouble? You seen him lately? Last week, maybe. He's kind of fallen off the radar. His parole officer's getting a little hysterical. You run into him, you ask him to give me a call? Yeah, sure. I'll tell him to call my brother, the cop. No problem. Get him! Get him! Strike! Strike! Strike! Strike! Hmm, I guess that's why they call it "Prevail." Just do me a favor. If I come up behind you to give you a hug, Try not to karate-chop me in the face. Kah! Kor! Hah! Play at your own risk. Hey, you know, if it makes you feel better, They've got some classes for men. Isn't there some kind of law against that? "One trained fighter per family"? No, the more the merrier. As far as I'm concerned, somebody messes with a dubois, We can just tag-team him. What? Oh, you're smiling again, you're joking again. Seems like you got your confidence back. Something about this woman in this class. I don't know what it is. It kind of gives me hope. I don't know. Maybe when I start the class, I'll think it's stupid, or I'll be terrible at it. At least I'm doing something. Stop it! Stop fighting. Listen to me! This is only gonna get worse if you keep fighting! Isn't the idea to keep the splint on Until it stops hurting? Yeah, you caught me. The doctors told me to keep it on for two weeks, But I don't know. I guess I'm just not happy unless I'm hitting something. So what brings you by? Your class doesn't start till next week. I found the man who attacked you. What? How? The "How's" Not important. What is important is, I was able to go into work, And I was able to find him On the phoenix sex offender registry. Turns out, this guy has a history of sexual assault. Four years ago, he was convicted of raping a 15-year-old girl. And they caught him, but he was just paroled a few months ago. Turns out, he lives about five miles from here. That's him, isn't it? That's the man who raped you. Uh, I don't know. I don't, I don't think so. It all happened so fast, I never really got a good look at him. Ar-are you sure? Maybe you just blocked it out. Have another look at his picture. I haven't blocked out anything. I was raped and left for dead, allison. Trust me,I remember every detail of what happened. And I know that I never really saw The man who did it. Kira, we could send this man back to prison. I know this is traumatic for you. It's not traumatic for me. It's annoying. You're wrong. You weren't there, I was. This man might be all the things you say he is, But I can't tell you That that's the man that attacked me. Class is next Tuesday. I hope to see you there. Believe it or not, allison, I got a full caseload. I don't really have time to reopen A six-year-old rape case, Where the victim can't make an I.D. Maybe we don't need a positive I.D. If they did a rape kit, Maybe we can convict this guy on physical evidence. I saw it, lee. I saw it. I-I saw where he is, I saw who he is. This is him? This is your rapist? Henry maynard, he's a serial sex offender. No, actually, he's a cop. What? Henry maynard isn't even his real name. It's an alias. He's sean riley. He's been working undercover as a sex offender. That's why he's got a profile on the registry. I'm sorry to disappoint you, allison, But this guy didn't rape anybody. Go away. I just want to remind you There's no lifeguard on duty after 11:00. Are you falling asleep in there? 'cause I'm falling asleep out here. Hey, here's a crazy idea: Let's go to bed, But let's do it in bed. Go ahead. No one's stopping you. Go to bed. Are those scented candles? What's that scent called, "Self-pity"? it's close. "Self-loathing." I hate that smell on you. Well, we're both stuck with it for a while. Any particular reason? What, you want to hear about my day? Huh? Well, I went to see a woman who'd been raped, And I tried to convince her I knew more about it than she did. Nice. Yeah, well, to top it off, I went to go see lee, And I identified a decorated police officer as a rapist. Jeez, now I hate you, too. Allison, you have a concussion, And I'm betting this kira person understands that, And I'm sure detective scanlon does, too. You should have seen me running into that police station Like I'd cracked this major case. God, if I only knew all the awful things Lee was going through with his brother... Before this afternoon, did you even know he had a brother? Just give me ten more minutes. Allison called this morning. About an hour ago, we found him in a shallow grave Just beyond the perimeter of sky harbor airport. According to the medical examiner, His jaw's broken in three places. ribs are shattered. His skull's fractured. She thinks whoever did this took their time. She thinks whoever did this took some pleasure in it. What's this? Stun gun burns. Working theory is, the killer came up behind him, stunned him, Then beat him to death. Lee, I need you to understand That now that detective riley's cover is no longer an issue, I need to act. I'm going to bring in your brother for questioning. Where am I? Excuse me? I want to be there when you question him. Lee... I'm not talking about running the interview. I just... I need to be able To see him when you talk to him. I can be in the observation room. I got to know if he tells you the same story he told me. What do you mean, the same story that he told you? I went to his apartment. I asked him if he knew henry maynard. He told me he just met him. He didn't seem alarmed. He didn't startle at the question. He sure as hell didn't act like he knew he was a cop. Now, for what it's worth, I believed him. I told you to stay out of this. Manny, you don't understand. This is my big brother. If I was wrong about him, if he did this to a cop, I need to be there. I'm sorry. I don't... I don't... I don't think I've ever seen this girl before. Her name is kate hatton. Oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry, but none of this is familiar to me. Really? Why don't you take a closer look, Mr. Scanlon, because I'm pretty sure you know who that girl is, And I'm almost certain you know who the man is. One more look, please. I'm sorry, I... You don't recognize the tattoo? On who? On him. On you. On me? You think this is me 'cause of... 'cause of that tattoo? Are you denying that you have one Exactly like it on your right arm? That tattoo? There's a million guys that got that tattoo. Look, I don't, I don't... I don't know who this guy is, but it's not me. I've never seen that girl before. I've never been to this place, Wherever it is, or wore a mask like that. You know, maybe you guys Just, uh... Want to pin this on a felon. Well, you can forget about that. I had nothing to do with this. Ever seen him? Sure. That's, uh, that's henry. Now, you want to talk about a guy Who's capable of doing something like that... Mr. Scanlon, henry's real name is sean riley. Detective sean riley. He's an undercover officer I assigned to get close to you. Detective riley's body Was found near the airport earlier today. He was beaten to death. Did he say something that alerted you to the fact That he wasn't who he said he was? You think I had something to do with killing a cop? My own brother's a cop. In fact, the other night, he was asking me... About the same guy. Oh, man. Oh, man. He knew about this, didn't he? That you were trying to... Pin me for what happened to this girl. Your brother has never had anything to do With this investigation, sir. He's out there right now, isn't he? Hey! Hey, mr. Good! You're looking at me. Aren't you? What's the matter with you? I told you I'd changed! Hey! What? You didn't believe me, baby brother? Couldn't convince your friends here They're after the wrong guy? Mr. Scanlon, I need you to return to your seat now. Your brother's not out there. Thanks for all your help, mr. Good. Great to know you were there for me when I needed you. All right, mr. Scanlon. I need you to return to your seat. So, what's the verdict? Um, well, yeah. It's, it's good, I guess. I mean, he, uh... They-they can't keep him. They can't prove anything. He-he just kept saying he didn't do it, any of it. What do you say? You know, after that beating I took the other night, I still have a concussion. Hey. Tell me what you saw. Did he kill him? Did my brother kill that detective? I didn't see that. What about the girl? Did you see him with the girl? That's my brother in that video, right? Hey. My baby brother. Big, brave police guy. What you doing? Shouldn't you be hiding behind a one-way mirror? Now, you look me in the eye and tell me what's going on. What's going on with what? Did you rape that girl? No! Did you kill that detective? Oh, for god sakes, no. Put that gun away. You raped her, didn't you, you fat weasel? And when you realized that cop was on your trail, You beat him to death, didn't you? Didn't you?! Damn it, lee. Look at me. I'm your brother. I'm your flesh and blood. I'm looking you right in the eye. I didn't do it. Any of it. I swear to god. I went to prison, lee, for nine years. When I got out, I made a promise to myself That I would never, ever hurt another person. I would never, ever force myself on another human being. And I swear to god, I haven't. Go ahead, shoot. It'd be a relief. But I didn't do it, lee. Know why I came back to phoenix, baby brother? 'cause I heard you had that kid. I've been alone all my life, lee. I got nothing. And I just thought maybe, you know... Maybe I could get a little something of what you have. Stupid, right? Not stupid. It's not stupid. You're awake. That's good. I guess we can get started. You're scared, right? You're wondering who I am? Why I'm doing this to you? After all, you've never seen me before. You don't know me at all. But I know you... Henry maynard. You've got the wrong person. Read all about you on my favorite web site. You raped a 15-year-old girl. No. I'm not gonna lie to you, henry. You're going to die tonight. I'm going to kill you. But first... I'm going to teach you what it really means To be a victim. Stop it! Stop fighting. Listen to me. This is only gonna get worse if you keep fighting. Stop fighting? That's a good one, henry. It still hurt? I can deal with it. What's this? More sex offenders you think may have hurt me? Or vice versa. All these men have dropped out of sight, Stopped checking in with their parole officers. Those men are never gonna show up, are they? You made sure of that, didn't you? I have no idea what you're talking about. Well, this last man That you murdered, henry maynard... Not a sex offender. Not really. He was an undercover Vice detective. He was somebody's husband, he was somebody's father. What, you didn't... You didn't know That the... The police put up fake histories For their undercover officers on the sex registry? Well, they do. One last time-- I have no idea what you're talking about. Hey, guys. So what happens now? You gonna arrest me? By yourself? Yeah, I didn't think so. That would require proof, That would require muscle-- Neither of which you have. You coming to class? I'm gonna pass. Nice. It's quiet. Where's, uh... Where's your fianc? Where's the... Where's the baby? I thought we were all, uh... All having dinner together. I sent them away. You know what I did today? I watched that video of the teenage girl getting raped. Oh, man. Wh-why would you do that? 'cause my big brother told me it wasn't him. I figured the quicker I figure out who it really was, The quicker you could get on with your life Without everybody looking over your shoulder. The guy in that video, he had that girl on the bed. Kind of hesitated before he got down to business, Like he was nervous. He just stood there looking down at her, Bending his thumb back. He kept bending his thumb back all the way to his wrist. Guess the guy was double-jointed. And it made me think of you, paul. You're double-jointed. Well, a lot of guys are double-jointed. No, no, I know, but I don't know them; I know you. And I remember how back when dad used to get drunk And raring to hit someone, you'd just lay there on your bed Bending your thumb back over and over again. You shouldn't have watched that video. I don't know why You'd want something like that in your head. One-time offer. Ride down to the station with me. Admit what you did. I will stand by you. Really? You're going to stand by me? You gonna go to prison with me? I'll get you help. Whatever you need to get better. You don't get it, mr. Good, do you? I don't need help. I don't want help. I'm fine. I like me. All the cops and the social workers And the parole officers. You know, all that, all that system That you couldn't wait to sign up to be a part of? You guys all had your crack at helping me. It didn't take. 'cause there's nothing really wrong. I'm just... Like... You. But I'll tell you... I'll tell you something, baby brother. you want me to... You want to take me downtown, baby brother? Hmm? Want to charge me with, um, with what? Being double-jointed? I'll stand by you. No? Well, I'll tell you what. If you change your mind... ...You know where I live. Looks like you want to say something to me. I don't blame you. I'd do the same thing in your shoes. I got it all wrong, right? You're really a good guy. I've heard it all before. All of it. You deserve this. You know that. Try to accept it with some kind of dignity. Hey, allison. Look, lee. I know we didn't have enough evidence To bring in that woman kira for questioning. But please, please tell me that you meant it when you said You were going to have somebody watching her. Uh, yeah, we got a night shift detective on her right now. Why? She's going after your brother. What? I just saw it, lee. I saw it, um... I don't know when it's going to happen, But I think it's going to happen soon. She-she has a broken knuckle, And she still had it in my dream. Um, okay. We've got it covered, allison. If kira goes after paul, we'll pick her up. Thanks for the heads-up, though. Hi. What are you doing here? I still have another, uh, two hours. I couldn't sleep. Figured there's no point in us both suffering. You serious? I'm here, right? You're relieved. Go home. Eat. Sleep. Copy that, detective. Much obliged. See ya. Scanlon : What's up? Allison : Lee. I just couldn't sleep. Please just tell me everything's all right with you. Paul's dead, allison. What? We picked that woman up on her way out of my brother's place. She got to him before we could stop her. I guess our guy must have gotten distracted or something. They were, uh, too late to help my brother. Oh, my god. The good news is, we had her dead to rights. She's going away for a long time.