Can I tell you a few things? Might calm you down a bit. I used to be a flight attendant. When you're up here-- 35,000 feet-- it's, like, the safest place you can be. It's safer than in your car. Safer than in your bathroom. Yeah, I know that. You're talking logic. And what's in my head has nothing to do with logic. - It's nothing. - I hate that. It's air. It's like a bump in the air. Like a boat going over a small wave. You want that. You want air under the wings. There's that logic again. Folks, I've just been informed by air traffic control that we're flying into some nasty weather and to expect some pretty good chop, so I'm flipping on the fasten seat belt sign and at this time, I'd like to ask our flight attendants to take their seats as well. Oh, boy. It's going to be okay. I promise you. I don't understand. Why can't he fly around it, or above it? Oh, God! Now I'm going to tell you a secret. Nothing's going to happen. Nothing can happen. I know it. I'm certain of it. What are you talking about? - How do you know that? - I'm four months pregnant. I can't be hurt. I'm invulnerable. - You okay? - Yeah, I think so. Wow. I can hear your heart beating from over here. So what's playing tonight, World War III? No. Unstoppable microbes spreading disease throughout the world and killing entire populations? No. The Yankees back in the pennant race? It was an airplane crash. It was horrible. Sorry. Did you actually see it go down? No, I woke up just before it. Well then, maybe... Maybe. Do you think you can sleep some more, or do you want to get up? I don't know. Just... I don't know, hold me for a second. Can I tell you something that might calm you down? When you're up there-- 35,000 feet-- it's, like, the safest place you can be. It's safer than in your car, safer than in your bathroom. Don't take this personally, but could you maybe not say anything? Okay. Up and at 'em. Rise and shine. I smell delicious cold cereal. Boy, you don't want to be late for that. Where's Mommy? Oh, the D.A. called. Something's going on. He needed Mommy to come into work early this morning. Do you want me to wake up Marie? No, no, no, you let her sleep. So what'll it be? I'm cooking Pebbles, Loops or Puffs. Puffs. You're in luck. I got a batch coming out of the oven right now. - Morning Daddy! - Morning, Bridge. So, uh, what's that you got on your head there? That's her new bicycle helmet. Mommy bought it for her yesterday. She slept in it. - Pebbles, Loops or Puffs? - Loops. - Don't I look cool? - Yeah, absolutely. The coolest. But, you know, normally, we don't eat, or for that matter, sleep with our hats, and especially our bicycle helmets on. You want me to help you get it off? - Daddy... - Okay. Got it. Fine. Keep the helmet on for breakfast. But I mean, it's not like you're going to go to school in it. You want milk on those Loops? His wife's been missing going on 72 hours. Comes home from work, no note. Her car's not there, but nothing from the home seems to be missing. No luggage, no clothing. Her toiletries and medications are where she always keeps them. It's not like she packed for a trip or anything. I think I heard him on the radio just now, driving over here. He was pleading for her to come home. - He... He sounded frantic. - I think he is. We think he is. His alibi is airtight. He left the house for work at 4:00. Two separate neighbors have come forward to say they saw the wife leave the house around 5:15. So what am I doing here? What can I say? I'm an old dog. Whenever one of these disappearing wife situations comes up, I feel like a fool if I don't suspect the husband. But...? But, frankly, I can't find a single reason to doubt this guy's story. But you were hoping maybe I would? Well, we were hoping that you would sit with him. Give us the benefit of your opinion. It's not like we have a whole lot else to go on. No crime scene, no body. We're already doing everything we can. We've alerted the police departments to be on the lookout for her car. The bank is standing by, waiting for any credit card activity. We've even got the cell phone provider to alert us if she makes a phone call. I told him you work with me, that these kind of situations are your specialty. Those are sort of boiler plate things we say to people in missing persons cases. Things to get the conversation started. Does he know he's a suspect? But he's not. Does he know we're suspicious? He doesn't strike me as a stupid man. Well, obviously, any current pictures would be helpful. And if she has a phone book or a PDA, we could start calling everyone. We could see if she's reached out to anyone. Who knows? Maybe she's just visiting a friend, or... Are you married? Yes. You ever do that? Just go off and visit a friend-- not tell your husband, not tell anyone? I'm sure you've been asked this a hundred times, but do you mind telling me what happened? But I don't know what happened. That's why I'm here. No, I... I mean, from your perspective. How did you discover she was gone? Can you not just read this somewhere? 16 different people have taken my statement already. I... I feel like we're wasting time. She's out there somewhere. She could be hurt. - She could be... - It would really be helpful if I could hear it from you. Yes, of course it would. I knew that. - I know that. - Mr. Call... The sooner you... The sooner you rule me out, the sooner-- - Mr. Call... - No-- the sooner you can move this along. I get it. This bird's not moving until you run it, so let's run it. Excuse me? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's... It's just sky jockey talk. It's something that we say at work. You're a pilot? Yes, ma'am. Sunbeam Air. They didn't tell you? Sunbeam, huh? You fly out of Phoenix? Yes, round trip to Cleveland three times a week. Folks, I've just been informed by air traffic control that we're flying into some nasty weather, and to expect some pretty good chop, so I'm flipping on the fasten seat belt sign I'd like to ask our flight attendants to have a seat at this time, too. Thank you. I can't be hurt. I'm invulnerable. Oh, no, no, man, no. Not today. Not on my anniversary. Pull back on that yoke! I'm pulling, there's just nothing there! Checklist says to just keep pulling back on that yoke. What the hell are you doing? Shutting it all down. Then we'll fire it back up again. God, what did you do?! You're gonna drive us right into the earth! - We're dead! - I don't think so. Oh, my God! Okay. I told you so. Ma'am? Ma'am, are you okay? Excuse me, ma'am. Are you okay? - You all right? - Oh. I'm fine, I'm sorry. Okay. What can tell you? How can I help? How can I help move this along? Can I ask you a question... about flying? Excuse me? About flying. About being a pilot. Would you mind if I ask you-- Have you ever had any close calls up there? Ma'am, what does this have to do with my wife? I'm not sure. No. I mean, no. No, I... I blew out a tire on a landing in Salt Lake City one time, but that's about as bad as it's ever gotten for me. Do you mind if I ask you, when is your anniversary? Your wedding anniversary? Are you serious? Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry. - I can look it up. - It's next week, actually. March 31. 31st... of March. Thank you. This has been very helpful. You're a very odd woman. I'm afraid that I don't understand. I had a dream last night about a plane crash. At least, it looked like it was about to crash. But it didn't, and now I know it never will. Because it turns out Mr. Call in there-- Captain Call-- he's the pilot. And he pulls the plane out of a dive before it goes down. I see. And when does this happen? Could be in a week. Could be a year from next week. - All I know is it hasn't happened yet. - And how do you know that? 'Cause he told me-- not directly-- but I asked him if he ever had a close call as a pilot, and he said "no." Okay, I must be the slowest guy in the room. So tell me again, one more time, how this dream you had proves that fellow didn't kill his wife? Think about it. He can't be sitting in the cockpit of a jet, ready to save a plane, if he's in jail for murdering his wife. That doesn't prove anything. Right, not directly. But the fact that I see him do this, the fact that it hasn't happened yet, means that it's something that's going to happen in the future. And in order for it to happen in the future means he doesn't go to jail. And that would suggest that he didn't do anything. Help me out here, Manny. Don't ask me. I don't have a clue. Well, I do, and I'm telling you this man had nothing to do with his wife going missing. Fine. Neither one of us necessarily disagrees with your conclusion... Another thing. Wherever she is, she's still alive, and she's going to stay that way. Well, that's great news. Are you sure? All I can tell you is... whenever that plane starts going down, they're still celebrating wedding anniversaries. Looks like you and I have a missing wife to find. Oh, my God. This time, it's me having a scary dream. - What do you mean? - Well, look at you. It's morning. You're not waking up from some apocalyptic vision with your heart pounding. And you're smiling. It's got to be a dream. Actually, I slept through the night. I'm getting chills. I think the only possible explanation is for the first time in a long time... I'm content. Hmm. "First time in a long time"? Does that mean up to now, our marriage has been a fraud? No, I'm not talking about us. I mean in here. I feel like I, like I accomplished something. Like I... I contributed something. I helped redirect everyone's attention on where it needed to be. Finding that woman and bringing her home so that she and her airline pilot husband could live happily ever after, and he could fulfill his destiny by helping that plane and those passengers through that horrible calamity. Boy, it doesn't take much to make you content. Avert one minor disaster, and there's no getting that goofy grin off your face. Now, listen, I don't mean to burst your "all's right with the world" bubble, but did you happen to notice anything unusual last night when you kissed Bridgette good night? No, not really. She didn't look a little like a crash test dummy to you? What are you talking about? Did you not notice the bicycle helmet on her head? She's been wearing it for two days straight now. - And...? - Morning, Mommy. Morning, Daddy. Hey, Mom. Hey, Dad. Good morning, sweeties. I really sleep good in this new bike helmet. All right. Don't you think it's a little strange? Don't you think it's a little peculiar? Don't you think when you have a child who's unique and doesn't make friends easily...? And...? Don't you think we should discourage anything that appears overly... eccentric? This is a bad dream. It's okay; she's okay. It's normal. She does this all the time. You're just not aware of it. Last time, it was the SpongeBob underwear. I had to wash them every night so she could wear it the next day for, like, a week and a half. And before that, it was her ballet slippers. She insisted on wearing them to school, in bed, in the bath. I mean, trust me. Leave it alone; it will pass. Well, I'm sorry, I'm not sure we should leave it alone. I'm not sure we shouldn't sit down and talk with her. Morning. Yeah, she's right here. It's your boss. Hello. Wow, that is good news. Um, I'd love to meet you there, but I have to see if I can get someone to take the kids to school this morning, and I can. Okay, so I'll see you in 45 minutes. Trust me. This was exactly the break I was hoping for. As soon as we went public with the fact that she was missing and started to publicize her license plate number, I knew it was only a matter of time. Once this shopping mall parking lot emptied out last night, somebody realized this car had been sitting here in the same spot a couple of days. Then they compared the license plate with the one in the paper. Hey, we're out of here. The seats, the steering wheel, the dash-- everything's wrapped in plastic. We'll keep working on the car when it gets to the impound. - It's all yours, Mr. District Attorney. - Thanks. No purse, no cell phone, no signs of a struggle. Whoever took her knew her, and wasn't leaving anything behind. If there were no signs of a struggle, how do you know someone took her? Have a seat. Mrs. Call is five-two. So am I. How we doing with the pedals over there? Perfect. Absolutely perfect. Now check your mirrors. Well, I can't see anything but the ceiling in the rearview mirror... and the passenger side view is no help, either. Do you know why? Whoever drove the car was taller than Mrs. Call, but smart enough to put the seat back to her original position. Just forgot about the mirrors. Let's close the driver's door again so I can check the side view mirror, just to be sure. What do you see? It's screwed up, right-- the mirror? Allison, hey, you're not even looking at the mirror. Three-three-one-two... zero-zero-three. One-one-two-three- one-eight-nine-three. Open the door! - Write this down. - Write what down? Three-three-one-two-zero-zero-three. One-one-two-three... one-eight-nine-three. - One-one-two-three... - ...one-eight-nine-three. What the hell is that, the next winning lotto numbers? That's where he took her. That's the latitude and the longitude of where he took her. Joe? Hey, what's up? God, where are you calling from? It sounds like you're coming from the moon. Actually, I'm in the middle of the desert. I started to get a good fix on where Call's wife might be, so the DA, Detective Scanlon and I, and a couple of state troopers are headed out there. Well, that's great news, isn't it? Yeah, I don't know. She's dead, Joe. Does her husband know? No, not yet. Nobody knows. I didn't tell anybody. What do you mean? Why? Why? 'Cause yesterday, I was sure that she was alive. Yesterday, I was sure that her husband was innocent. Now I'm starting to think I was wrong about all of it. Uh, hold on a second, Allison. Aren't you putting the cart before the horse? Why don't you just wait and see what you find out there in the desert. Maybe she's fine; maybe everything's fine. Yeah. Right. Maybe. I guess I'm not sure I know what we're looking for. A shack? A car? Do we maybe want to rethink this? Double-check our numbers? Allison. Allison, you okay? Everything all right? Yeah. No! She's here. She's buried right here. Folks, I'm going to ask the flight attendants to take their seats for a couple of minutes here. We're heading into some rough weather, but I guarantee you we'll get you through it. And we'll let you folks know just as soon as we get through this turbulence here, okay? Damn. It's getting rough up here. What the...? Pull back on the yoke. Elevators aren't responding. Oh, my God. Oh, my god. Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! A little cold over here. I'm sorry. I was in the middle of a plane crash. It was that same flight. Cleveland to Phoenix, but this time, Call wasn't the pilot. It was this other guy, and... that guy did the wrong thing, and... the plane went down. All the people died. It was a dream, Al. But what does it mean? I don't know, babe, but it's the middle of the night. I want to thank everyone in the community for their support and their prayers. What went through your mind when you first got the call that she'd been found? You know... I-I don't want to answer that. But you know what I do want? I want her to be remembered for the wonderful person that she was. I want her to be remembered for her life. It would be an unspeakable tragedy if the only thing that people remembered, the only thing people that spoke of, was the fact... that this... monster snatched her from us. Um, obviously, this is a very difficult time for all of us. My wife's parents both passed away last year... and now this. Are there plans for a memorial? If people want to send flowers and condolences? Instead of sending flowers, what would be really wonderful is if they could make donations to the Youth Outreach Project of Downtown Phoenix. My wife was very committed to her volunteer work there. And, uh, as for the service, uh... there's no date set as of yet. Actually, I just... want a little... time to go by. Our wedding anniversary is next week. It would've been next week. March 31st. We would've been married two years. I just want a little... little time to go by. Oh, uh, hello, Mrs. Dubois, from the District Attorney's office. I'm sorry to show up so early in the morning on such a difficult day. Oh, no, no, no, it's okay. It's good. It's... actually, it's good. I... I, uh, overslept, and I'm expecting a delivery here any minute, so it's, uh... it's good. Um, anyway, I, uh, I-I wanted to thank you. I heard from the police that you were somehow involved in... in finding Marcia-- my-my wife's... body. When I think about where she was, I mean... we might never have found her. It might've been months. So, um... anyway, thank you. That's the reason I drove over here. I-I couldn't sleep last night, and I was watching you on television, and you were talking about how it would've been your anniversary next week. And I noticed the most peculiar thing... The latitudinal coordinates. Do you know what I mean by that? Yeah. I'm a pilot. Yes. Well, the latitudinal coordinates of where we found you wife's body... Three-three, dot, one-two, zero, zero, three. Those are the exact same numbers in the exact same order as the date of your anniversary, if you were to express that date numerically. March 31, 2003. Three, 31, two, zero, zero, three. Mr. Call? Okay if we bring these in? Excuse me. People will be coming over. They'll be paying their respects. - Oh, oh, I... - Yes, come on in. - By all means... - Just do it. Why don't you just...? Set those up in the, uh, living room, please. Thank you. I'm not sure I know where you're going with this. I'm not necessarily going anywhere. I just thought it was peculiar. I thought it was interesting. Well, forgive me, but I think you're peculiar. My wife is dead. And I just think it is just completely odd for you to come driving all the way over here at the crack of dawn to point out some weird numeric coincidence to me. Okay? I mean, are you one of these people that thinks there's some relationship between 9/11 and dialing 911 to call the police? Mr. Call, I'm going to need you to come out and count some chairs and tables and glass and china and then sign the inventory list. Okay. I'll be right back. Thank you, Mr. Call. We'll be back in a couple days to pick up everything. And by the way, we're all really sorry about everything. Thank you. I appreciate you saying that. Is there anything else? Have you, uh, discovered any other odd factoids that might further diminish my wife's memory and trivialize her death? No. I'm terribly sorry if I upset you. I'm sure you are. If you don't mind, I have to get ready. People will be coming over. Girls, come on! Time's a-wastin'! Wow! Look at you. What's the occasion? It's Picture Day, Daddy. Everybody in school is getting their picture taken. Picture Day. Cool. I love Picture Day. Ready! What's the problem? Why are we all standing here? It's Picture Day. We don't want to be late. Bridge, come on. You and I need to have a little talk. Are you going to cancel Christmas? Bridge, honey. It's March. Christmas is a long way... Nobody can cancel Christmas. I don't want to talk about Christmas. I want to talk about Picture Day. Okay. Well, you know, Picture Day is really important. Every year, you get these pictures taken, and that's your picture for that grade, for that year, for all time. Okay. And that's the picture we're gonna send to friends at Christmas and Grandma in Florida and hang on the refrigerator. Okay. And I want everyone to see your pretty face and your beautiful eyes and your wavy hair, you know? So what do you say maybe you leave the bike helmet at home today? You know, Daddy, you can cancel Christmas, if you want. It's okay with me. What are you doing here? I thought Daddy was taking you to school. He's talking to Bridgette about her h-e-l-m-e-t. Oh, no. Oh, yes. Hey, I remember you. You left me a note in the middle of the night? It's good to see you again. Hi, Mommy! Hi, Lambchop. You look beautiful. You both look beautiful. Hey, guys, do me a favor. Go wait in the car. I'll be out in a second. - One morning I ask you to cover me. - One?! - One morning! - Second time this week! - After years of "I've got to work late." - I have a job, too. - "I got to work this weekend, babe." - Maybe I'm not out there saving the world - from bad dreams and bogeymen, but you know what? - And I would think, I would hope, you would assume - what I was doing is pretty damn important. - I have a job, too, and one of those jobs is to be Bridgette's father. I am entitled to an opinion on things like how she looks. It's her class picture, for goodness sake. I would have thought, out of deference to me, out of some sort of consideration for the fact that we're all going to have to look at this for the next 50 years, that maybe, maybe you could stop indulging her eccentricities and take a stand! Except, I think you like it! Well, you know what, I do like it. I do like it, and you want to know why? Because those pictures are supposed to capture how they really look, who they really are, before they change, before they're gone. And today, who she really is is a little girl who's in love with the way that a red helmet looks on her head. And that's great. 'Cause that's who she is! Today! Just relax! She's not getting married in it. What am I doing? I haven't slept. I haven't had any coffee. The kids are sitting in the car. I got to get the baby, take everyone to school...! Hey, hey, hey, I'll do that. Oh, no, no, no. Please, I wouldn't want to interrupt you. You're very busy "woe is Joeing." You want to hear something funny? I was racing back home hoping that you would still be here, 'cause I had this crazy idea that I needed to talk to you. That you would help me sort this all out. That you could help me figure out my-- what did you call it? My bogeyman and my... bad dreams? All right, it was a bad choice of words. I'm sorry. What do you want to talk about? What do you want to sort out? If you knew that 200 people were going to die, and you could prevent it... So far, this is not a tough question. No, but it meant that you had to compromise everything that you believe in, and that you would have to let a guy go who committed an unspeakable act... ...what would you do? I'll get the baby. We'll drive the kids together. You can drop me off at work and explain this to me on the way. Well, if you're convinced he's guilty, you have to go to Devalos. I'm not sure I should. What-What are you talking about? My dream last night. I think I know what it means. That plane crashed when Call wasn't flying it. If Call goes to prison, he won't be the pilot. And hundreds of people will die? Is that what you're saying? You realize that's an absurd assertion, don't you? You can't control the future. The future is subject to hundreds and billions of variables, almost none of which are in your control. - I know what I saw. - What you dreamt, darling. And how many times have you thought a dream means one thing, only to discover that it meant something completely different? I mean, isn't that how we got here in the first place? - This time I know. - No, this time, again, you assume. Just like the last time, when you assumed, because you saw him fly the plane, that he must innocent. Just like you assumed that when he mentioned an anniversary, that his wife must be alive. And now you're assuming that because you dreamed this plane crash, that somehow it's your responsibility-- --no, your duty-- to turn your back on the one thing that does seem reasonably certain: That this man killed his wife. But what about all those people? What about that plane? What about that woman he buried in the desert? What about the way he used the date of their anniversary to choose a place to dump her? What about her family and their grief? And what about justice? You're willing to turn your back on all of that for something you're afraid might happen? I'm sorry, honey, that doesn't sound like justice to me. That sounds like cowardice. So he had the means, and he had the motive. What we need is a piece of physical evidence that ties him to... Well, hello, stranger. We were just comparing notes on your friend Captain Call. You all right? Do you need me? Folks, could you give us five minutes? Thanks. Not withstanding your conviction that the man had absolutely nothing to do with his wife's abduction, we've discovered a couple of very interesting omissions in his story. Remember how two of his neighbors testified they saw Captain Call leave for work at 4:00, and then his wife leave the house at around 5:15, thus providing him with what should have been an airtight alibi? Turns out, his flight that normally leaves at 6:00 p.m. was delayed for four hours. And it turns out, Mrs. Call's parents both died last year in a boating accident, leaving a rather considerable fortune to their only daughter. Which, obviously, the husband would inherit, should she pass first. Allison... ...you look like you're going to cry. Everybody's wrong once in a while. You did lead us to the victim's body. No, it's not that. In fact, I'm fairly certain that he did kill his wife. In fact, I think I have the physical evidence to prove it. This is Captain Call's. This is his security badge from the airport. If you'll look inside the plastic protector, you'll see grains of sand. I'm pretty sure, if you have it tested, you'll find it's from the desert where we discovered the body. Wait a second. Where are you going? I have to get to the airport. I-I... What's going on? You got people coming in? I guess you could say that. When you see Captain Call, wish him a happy anniversary for me. Going to work? You're probably gonna need this. You hear that sand? Turns out it's from the desert where your wife's body was found. Hmm. Well, maybe it is, and maybe it isn't. One thing's for certain: You didn't obtain that security pass with a search warrant. That means it's not admissible in court. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get ready for work. I have a plane to fly. You might want to call in sick, cowboy. I have a search warrant. I intend to vacuum every room, every rug, and every drape in this house to find more sand. I'll even vacuum between your toes, up your nose and in your ass, if I have to. Mrs. Dubois, at this point, its still circling over Cleveland. We're estimating it'll land about six minutes from now-- a little late, due to weather. That's okay. I'll wait. Mrs. Dubois, I'm happy to tell you as soon as the plane has landed, but standing here and waiting like this-- it's just not necessary. You can call on your phone. You can monitor the flight on your computer at home. But you'll know first, right? I mean, you'll know the second that they actually land. That's okay. I'll wait. This seat taken? Hey. I want you to know, you're making our baby-sitter the richest 16-year-old in Phoenix. I took a cab. I thought you might want some company on the ride home. No word yet? Well, they took him into custody. As soon as they took the death penalty off the table, he confessed to everything. He'd been planning it for months. Waiting for a day when he knew in advance there'd be a long flight delay. Went to work on time, deliberately left his security pass, called his wife, asked her to bring it to the airport. When she arrived, he met her at curbside. Told her he had some extra time, invited her out to eat. Pulled into an alley, leaned across as if he was going to kiss her. He suffocated her with a plastic bag. Drove her out to the desert, buried her. Left her car at a shopping mall and still got back in time to fly that plane to Cleveland. Mrs. Dubois? Just wanted to let you know, the flight landed in Cleveland. They're taxiing to the arrival gate right now. Thank you. Let's go home. Hallelujah. March 31 has come and gone. Nothing crashed, no one died. All is right with the world. Well, this year, anyway. Hi, Daddy. Morning, Bridge. Where's your helmet? Hey, what's going on? Bridget's here, she's helmet free. No more helmet, really? I don't know, maybe when I ride my bike... Anyways... Here're the pictures. You guys weren't home before I went to bed. You guys have to decide which one is the one. Allright sweetie, well give'em to daddy and we'll look at 'em Hey Bridg', what's the deal with the galoshes? You're expecting rain in the family room? I don't know, I like the way they sound. I think I'm gonna wear'em forever.