sorts of invisible,silent, and violent systems that make our modern lives possible. Take that alarm clock. Before it can do its job and wake me up, it has to have power. Water,coal and wind power are harnessed by turbines and turned into...electricity, which is then sent through cables that are over our heads and under our feet. So it's easy to forget that at any given time we are surrounded by thousands or millions or billions of volts of electricity coursing all around us. Joe? Girls? Come on! Today's a big day. Even something as simple as frying an egg begins thousands of feet underground erthe se ofrehistoric plants and animals are pulverized into gas... then sucked out of the ground and processed, and then piped all across the country through over one million miles of pipes, all of it there to heat us and make having a hot breakfast easier. Come on,girls. Hurry up! We're gonna be late. And then there's that modern miracle we call a car. Built around the internal combustion engine, the average American car holds anywhere from 12 to 16 gallons of gasoline. That's somewhere between 100 and 150 pounds of instantly combustible liquid. It also contains a battery and at least six to eight quarts of oil. If you stop and think about it, taken as the sum of itsparts, it's really a rolling bomb, equipped with stereophonic sound and adjustable seats. But we don't do that. We don't think of it in pieces. We think of it as a whole. It's a car. Our car. And we love it. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Medium Season04 Episode14 Car Trouble</font> - Hey,Ariel? - Yeah? Did you ever notice that on the cereal box, there's a picture of a kid, sitting at a table eating cereal, and on that table is a cereal box, and on that cereal box is a picture of a kid, sitting at a table eating cereal, and on that table is another cereal box, and on that box... - Dad,you have to make her stop. - Bridge,stop. What? I'm just trying to find out. Do you think they go on forever? Do you think the cereal boxes just keep going and getting smaller and smaller till there's one just the size of a molecule? You know,when you go under water in the bathtub, you're staying down there too long. Ariel... Why? Because you don't know the answer? Do you girls know where your mother is? I know the answer. I'm just not wasting it on you. Honey,do you know where your mommy is? Allison? What are you doing out here? Sorry. Uh,what are you doing out here? You're not going to believe this, but I had a crazy dream. You don't say. I-I was taking the kids to school, and they climbed in the car, and I turned the key, and it blew up. What do you mean,blew up? Okay,Allison, that's crazy. I mean,cars-- they-they... Cars don't just blow up. Not unless somebody puts a bomb underneath them. Or forgets to put in oil in, and the engine catches on fire. I mean,cars don't just blow up. Yeah,I know that. I do. That's why I came out here. I just... I figured, I'll just sit in the car. I'll turn the key and prove it. Okay. The thing is, I just... I can't do it. I've been sitting out here for 15 minutes. I just can't. I can't get my hand to turn the key. Okay,Allison, get out of the car. Why? What are you going to do? I'm going to slide in and turn the key. You can't do that. You could kill our kids. You could kill yourself, kill me,destroy our house. Allison... I dreamt it. What are you doing? Where-Where are you going? I'm gonna round up our kids. I'm gonna go stand on the corner with them while you try to start the car. Well,hold on a second. Mom,I don't understand. Why are we standing on the corner staring at our own house? It's kind of hard to explain. It's stupid. Never mind! Don't do it! Joe! Answer me! Dad? Joe,don't turn that key! Joe! Do not turn that key! You guys calling me? Thank God you didn't do it. Do what, sweetie? Sweetie,hey,hey, hey,it's okay. I've just been trying to turn the car on for the last five minutes. It's dead. It won't do anything. It won't start,won't click,won't turn over. Nothing. It's dead. Don't worry. Okay,thanks. Gracias. Well,that was fun. All of us in the car together,going to school. Dropping off the girls. So,if you're going to take the car to go meet Scanlon, how am I going to get home tonight? Well,just call me when you're ready. I'll ask Ariel to watch the girls, and I'll come and get you. Okay,I suppose that works. Um,all right,so I guess I'll call you once I hear from the mechanic. I'll fill you in. Hey,this is great! I'm early. I just realized, I don't have to drop you off. I can come in with you. I can see your new office, see where you work. You sure you want to do that? That's an awful lot of excitement for this early hour in the morning. This is nice. Oh,yes,we have it all. Floors,ceiling,window. Which one's yours? Hey,I got a good feeling. Oh,that's static electricity. That's your feet dragging on the carpet. Hey,where you going? Allison? What are you doing? Hey,Allison? She's got a picture of her boyfriend on her desk! We like that. Hey,don't do that. Don't go in there. She's pretty! You never told me that she was so pretty. Allison,I beg of you, get out of her office! She's going to walk through that front door any second. If you're going to be a successful entrepreneur, - you better learn to calm down. - Come on! Thank you. What's the big deal? Everybody does it. Mrs. Dubois? Allison. Meghan Doyle. So nice to finally meet you. Yeah,it's nice to finally meet you. I recognized you from the pictures on Joe's desk. So this is nice. Special occasion? Uh,no. We just,you know, decided to carpool. Um,actually, I need to get going. I'll walk you to the car. We should get together for dinner one night. That-That would be fun. It was nice finally meeting you. Nice meeting you,Allison. Well,she's very pretty. Well let's try not to hold that against her. So,wait a second. You're saying that the entire electrical system needs to be replaced? Well,how much is that going to cost? You're kidding me. I don't think the car cost that when we bought it. No,don't start work on the car, not until you hear back from me. Oh,yeah? Well,that's serendipitous. Sorry,Ricky. I'm going to have to call you back. Um,but I'm very interested. Okay,I will. I will call. Bye. Sorry. Car place. My wife's car is,like, dead to the world. Sorry. That's not why you came to see me. The company that's doing our patent search just called me. We're completely clear everywhere in North America. South America looks fine,Asia. But he's worried that there may be a patent filed in what they used to refer to as one of the Eastern Bloc countries. He wouldn't be specific with me,but they have free market economies now. They're trading partners,competitors. So,if somebody already beat us to the punch, in let's say the Czech Republic... So wait a second. What are you saying? Are you saying that they think that somebody in Eastern Europe already came up with my idea? What does that mean? It means... it's a good thing all this furniture is rented. It means we wait. I don't know what it means. I'm hoping it that doesn't mean anything. I'm hoping,in a day or two, once they've finished their research, it means nothing. That's what I'm hoping. Don't panic. I'm a friendly burglar. I'm even bringing in the mail. Hey,what are you doing home? I thought you were going to call me for a ride. Did they fix my car yet? Uh,no,they didn't. Okay,so how'd you get home? And why do you have that funny look on your face? - Ah,well,therein lies a tale. - Really. Yes.And though it begins quite sadly, 'tis a tale with a happy ending, methinks. Mom, why is Dad talking funny? I don't know. Um,your car, I'm afraid,has shuffled off this mortal coil. What does that mean? They can't fix it? Uh,well, anything can be fixed, but it would cost more than it's actually worth to do it. Well,Joe,I love that car. I know you do,babe. Honey,that's the first car we bought together. We brought our daughters home from the hospital in that car. I know. But remember how I said that this story had a happy ending? Okay,so the mechanic, who was fixing our car, he called me,and he told me that he'd just put new tires on a pristine SUV that the owner was looking to get rid of. - For a steal. - For a steal? Yeah. I mean,this thing,this, I mean this car is... is big. It's clean. It's roomy. It's got all kinds of things that your car never had. Navigation. CD player. Cup holders. Cup holders? I do love cup holders. I don't know. A used car. Well,I know, honey, but the truth is we can't afford a new one. And this car really isn't that used. Yeah,okay,but,you know, it belonged to somebody else. It had a past life with somebody else. But I'm telling you, this car looks like it just came right off the showroom floor. So,you've seen it? Actually,I drove it. Actually,I bought it. I know it was wrong to buy it without you. Just it seemed too good to be true. - It's pretty in here. - My car seat's already in here! Is this car that I'm going to drive when I turn 16? Our mechanic called and told me what time the guy was going to get there-- the guy who owned it to pick it up-- and so I just went over there. I was just having one of those days where everything went wrong and then I saw this car and it just seemed so right. It's kind of a big change being this high. Now,look, if you don't like this, you can take my car and I'll take this. Come on,girls. Hop in! We're going to take this baby for a test drive. I call the front! - I call the back! - I call the back,too. Seat belts! - Seat belt. - Buckle up. Sounds nice! Hey,can you check the spaghetti? No problem. Now don't go too far. Remember, none of you have passports. Say good-bye to Daddy,girls. We may never see him again. Bye,Dad! So I guess now we wait. What exactly are we waiting for? Uh,for the patent folks to check the records of all those Eastern European countries. And that'll take? Oh,I don't know. A day or two. We should know something, uh,tomorrow night. Or the night after that. The time difference doesn't help. All right,so I'm going to ask the obvious question. You know,if everything could go away tomorrow, should we really be buying a car? I don't know. Probably isn't very smart. Just felt great. I can't explain it. It's just been so hard. Not being able to buy anything. And not being able to do anything for my family. I love that car. It's a beautiful car. I was actually thinking I'd like to go sit in it some more. - You want to? - No. I'm telling you,Joe. Someone was shot in that car! A woman. She was sitting in the seat right next to me. Well,I'm sorry,honey, but I don't think that's possible. I mean,what I mean to say is I-I did a records check on it. One of those online things and nothing came up. Of course nothing came up! Those things are supposed to tell you if a car's in a collision or an accident. Not something like this. No wonder this car was such a bargain. Well,hold on a second. Wait,wait,wait, wait,wait,wait. Look... be fair here. There's nothing wrong with the car itself. It had no way of knowing it was going to end up being driven by you. Excuse me. All right,okay. Hold on a second. That came out wrong. - What I'm trying to say... - No,I know what you're trying to say. But I'm not the problem here. This car is haunted. And I cannot, I will not drive it again, much less ask my children to sit in it. All right. All right. Fine. Okay. I hear you. First thing in the morning, I'll drive it back to the guy that I bought it from. I'll see if I can convince him to give me my money back. Thank you. In the meantime, you drive the kids in my car. Thank you. Hello. Well,what do you know? If it isn't the fella who robbed me blind yesterday. I'm sorry to drop in like this. Oh,it's okay. In fact, I was going to call you. Forgot to give you a couple of things. Cigarette lighter, extra key, little jar of touch-up paint. I appreciate that. The thing is,um, I got a problem. Okay. What kind of problem? Well,it's my wife,um... She's not crazy about the car. Really? Do you think maybe she just needs some time to get used to it? If only it were that simple. Well,I'm sorry, but I don't know what to tell you. Well,I was hoping you'd tell me that you hadn't sent the,uh, notice of sale in to the DMV yet. Well,I have. But it wouldn't have made any difference if I hadn't. If you'll excuse me, I have to go in now. Get ready for work. Uh,well,the thing is,uh, I don't know if it's the same with cars,but with houses, when you sell 'em, you're obligated to disclose certain things. Like if there's been a... a recent death on the premises. Okay. So what'd you do? You Google me or something? You figure now that you know, you can come back here, maybe I'll cut the price even more? I'm not looking for a bargain. I just want to give you the car back. Get my money back. Pretend the whole thing never happened. I'm sorry if I upset you. Do you know what happened? My wife,uh, did the research. I just... My wife was killed in that car. Shot. While I watched. It was a carjacking. Not three miles from here. Coming back from a movie. Stopped at a light. This guy comes out of nowhere with a gun. Told us to get out of the car. I can remember my hand reaching for the door when I heard her say it. "Floor it,Tim. Floor it." Stupid me. I listened to her. I can't really blame him for not wanting to take it back. I know. I feel terrible for him. So what are we going to do? Well,I don't know.All I can think to do is sell it. - Oh,make it someone else's problem. - Allison. Well,it doesn't seem right. Yeah,it's actually a great car. If you say so. Well,I do say so. And besides we can't afford to buy another car until we get rid of this one. With any luck whoever buys it is going to be as blissfully unintuitive as I am. That's not funny. It's not meant to be funny. Allison,look, if you hadn't told me about Rory Carmer's ghost riding shotgun, I'd be driving it around right now thinking it was the greatest thing since sliced bread. Oh,right. So now it's my fault? I'm not saying that. I'm just saying... Look,you,you know what I'm saying. I know. We have to sell it. Um,yes. Hold on,hold on, sweetie,hold on. Yeah,well,we will. We will. As soon as we can. Well,what does that mean? Well,that's the other thing I found out. Looks like we're going to be stuck with it. For at least a couple of weeks. Why? Well,because we can't legally sell it until we have the title. And I called the DMV and,uh, they're still like two weeks away from mailing it to us. This is a fantastic phone call. Oh,yeah,we aim to please. Look,Allison,you'll just have to drive my car and I'll drive the hearse, all right? It's not the end of the world. I just,I miss my old car. Well,that's a productive point of view. - Look,I-I should really get to work. - Okay. - All right, I'll talk to you later. - Bye. - More car trouble,huh? - Yeah. I heard you guys going at it. Oh,no,no,no,no. We weren't... She's not terribly happy with the car that I bought. And the truth is I shouldn't have bought it without her. Ah,but this too will pass. Um,it's not like we had a fight or anything. Okay. If you say so. What? You don't get to be my age and still single and not know what a fight is. But you're right. It will pass. Had one myself last night and I'm expecting the make-up phone call any minute. Looking forward to it,in fact. So,how are the drawings coming? They're coming. Uh,is there any news on our patent search? 'Cause I gotta tell you, I really didn't sleep very well last night. - All right,the drawings. - Drawings. It's all here. 911 calls,forensics report,everything. You mind telling me what you want all this for? I don't know. I started thinking maybe this whole car thing happened for a reason. Maybe I'm supposed to help find this woman's killer, bring him to justice so he can never do this to anyone ever again. Well,good luck. A lot of good detectives already spent months on this. I'll be at my desk if you need me. Oh,my God,she's... she's-she's not breathing. I don't think she's breathing! Sir,what is your location? Uh,we're,like,three blocks south of the Fantasy Theatre on-on that big road that runs parallel to the freeway. Okay,the man with the gun-- did you see which direction he came from,Mr. Carmer? Um,no. Uh,I was adjusting the radio, looking... looking for a station. My wife loved classical music... We pulled up to the light, and-and there he was. Was he white? Black? Latino? Uh,it was dark. And-And I-I don't want to get this wrong. I mean... he could have been white, but I-I think he was Latino. Sorry to interrupt. One of the other detectives needs the room. I'm gonna have to ask you to clear out. I think I saw him,Lee.******* Hey,Al,it's... I'm sorry. Did I wake you? Hey,listen,sweetie, how-how crazy is this? Uh,it's-it's 10:00 at night, and I just now realized that I don't have my wallet in my pocket. Um,where are you? In the living room. Hey,do me a favor-- just go by... go in the kitchen and see if it's... if it's by the phone. Yeah. Yeah,I can hold on... Okay. Oh,good, good,good,okay. No,no,no,no,no. I don't need you to bring it to me. I just need to know that it's there. Yeah. Uh,it-it may be a while still,sweetie. I'm sorry. Miss you. I thought you were with the boyfriend. Best-laid plans... Or not laid,as the case may be. No,actually,I got a call in the middle of dinner. It turns out there's no one in the whole wide world as inventive as Joe Dubois. What are you saying? Are you saying the patent people finally called? Are you saying the idea's in the free and clear? I'm saying... that we're in business,partner. We have a prototype to build, a future to forge. That is great news. Now you probably want to get back to your boyfriend, celebrate. No. Is that the best idea you have? I mean,that doesn't sound very inventive. That doesn't sound like much of a celebration. Hello. I'm sorry. Did I wake you? No,you didn't wake me. I just now realized that I don't have my wallet. Your wallet? Yeah. Hold on. Allison. What-What are you doing here? I told you you didn't have to come all the way down here. No. I know. I wanted to. Couldn't sleep. Thought I'd take a drive. Is something wrong? Don't go in there. No. I don't know. Where's Meghan? Oh,I don't know. She went home hours ago. She's the money. I'm the brains. She leaves early. I stay late. America,America. - Here. - Thank you. How about I follow you home? I'd like that. And you'll view the suspects from in here. You'll be able to see them and hear them, but they won't be able to see you. Mr. Carmer,I'd like to introduce you to an associate of mine, Allison Dubois. Allison,this is Tim Carmer. Dubois? Are you any relation to... Joe's my husband. Actually,Mrs. Dubois here was instrumental in getting us to take another look at your case. She actually pointed us towards a possible suspect that, uh, we missed the first time around. I,uh,consult with the police department, so when my husband mentioned that your wife's murder was unsolved... My God,that's... nice of you. I was stunned when the detective called me this morning. I had given up any hope of ever finding the man who did this. Well,we can't actually be sure we've found him yet,Mr. Carmer. Not until you identify him. Should we give this a whirl? Take as much time as you need. Could you ask #3 to step a little closer,please? #3,could you step forward,please? I'm sorry. I just can't be sure. Uh,I just don't get it. I see him so clearly in my head,Joe. I know,honey,but it's not your word they're looking for. Um,so,listen... uh,I spoke to our mechanic about the SUV, and he actually has somebody else who might be interested. Um,the guy wants to come by and see it tomorrow afternoon. Thing is,he doesn't want to drive all the way downtown to my office. He'd rather come here. Um,is there any chance we could carpool in the morning so the car will be here for him? Well,sure. As long as I don't have to get in it. No,you don't have to get in it. I think the guy just wants to see what it looks like. The mechanic already has him convinced it runs like a top. You know what-what was nice? Do you know what was nice? The way you showed up at the office last night. Just kind of out of nowhere. I mean,I told you I didn't actually need the wallet, but you brought it over anyway. That was nice. I... I have a confession to make. Oh,really? We like confessions. Is it juicy? Not really. I,uh... I fell asleep on the couch last night. I had a dream just before you called to ask about your wallet. Okay. Something you want to share? In the dream, you heard about your idea from the patent people. No one else had thought of it. No one else in the whole wide world. And... you and Meghan were really happy about it. That why I brought you your wallet. I thought, maybe it's really going to happen tonight. And I don't want to miss it. I want to be there when he's really happy. So,now,what does this mean? I mean,is there a statute of dream limitations on these kind of things? When will I hear about the patent? And is it going to come true? Is-Is the news going to be good? I don't know. I'm the woman who said that her car was going to blow up. Well,that's not very encouraging. Recognize him? This is our guy. My guy. The man from the lineup yesterday. I-I don't understand. He's a model, a male model. Oh,when he isn't, uh,carjacking and killing people, you mean? Well,I can't vouch for that, but,uh,I did do some checking, and a lot of other people can vouch for the fact that this fellow wasn't even in Phoenix on the night that Mrs. Carmer was shot. Apparently,he was in Los Angeles on some kind of a modeling assignment. A model? I saw him in the mug book you gave me. He looks exactly like the man I keep seeing in my head. Well,he was in the mug book because,uh,apparently, he feels the need to augment his modeling income with the occasional petty theft. Some of that might be because he's also trying to support a minor drug habit. I don't know what to tell you,Allison. The answer to the question, "Who killed Rory Carmer?" is not this fellow here. You're going to make me get in,aren't you? Route guidance is now active. Destination ahead 7.9 miles. Destination ahead 7.9 miles. Destination ahead 7.9 miles. Your route guidance will start now. Destination ahead 5.3 miles. Home is ahead one-quarter mile. Home? Right turn ahead. Turn right now. Home is 100 feet ahead on the right. You are home. Not my home. Oh,my gosh! Turn right now. Wait. What are you talking about? Turn right where? Turn right now. Turn right now. Your destination is ahead in 20 feet. Ten feet. Five feet. Three feet. Destination nine inches ahead. Destination four inches ahead. You have arrived at your destination. Help! Please! Somebody! I can't believe I let you drag me to that movie in the first place. Not only was it moronic, it was long. Look at the time. I'm sorry you didn't like the film,dear. What on earth? Not a second one. This way you know how far over you can be. As if I don't know how to park my own car in my own garage. When did you put this nonsense up anyway? This afternoon. That's why you parked my car in the driveway and let the sprinklers get it wet. Oh,for goodness' sakes... Wait. I haven't shown you the best part yet. What,Tim? What is the best part? Look. Over there. I-I-I don't see anything. Inside the vise. Do you see? What is that? It almost looks like a gun. It is. It is a gun. What on earth is that doing there? Watch. Hey,thanks for giving me a ride,Lee. I didn't know who else to call. Joe doesn't have a car today. It's fine,Allison. I'm still trying to make sense out of everything you just told me. You and me both. So let's say that is what happened. Let's say he did kill her. How do we prove it? I-I don't know. Get a search warrant, find the gun. No judge is going to give me a warrant on the basis of a dream or a hallucination or whatever it was you had back there. Frankly,I'd be amazed if he still had the gun. Might be some blowback on the vise we could tie to whatever they recover from the car,but still. I'll never get a warrant to take a forensics team in there and find out. Boy,I'd love to talk to him again; love to take a look around that garage. Well,it's wide open. The car's sitting right there. The keys are in the ignition... if the garage hasn't closed itself already. That's certainly going to freak him out when he gets back from work. I'd expect some angry phone calls tonight. I guess he heard you. Hello? Allison,what the hell's going on? What do you mean? What are you talking about? The guy I told you about came by the house to see the car today. He couldn't find anything. He couldn't find you. Oh,my God. I'm so sorry,Joe. I don't even know... how to begin. Well,it doesn't matter now. He's never coming back. Hey,when you coming home? When can I come pick you up? When the time comes, I'll probably just take a cab. It might not be until really late. We got word the patent guys might call tonight. She's got a,um, she's got a date and I'm... since I'm the minority partner, I've got to sit and baby-sit the phones. I don't get it. Why do they have to call in the middle of the night? Why can't they call your cell? Allison,I don't know. It's Eastern Europe. There's a time difference. I don't know why she didn't give them my cell,but she didn't. Look,I've got to go now. I'm sorry about the car. Oh,we'll figure it out. Thanks for the ride,Lee. Thanks for everything. Hey,you know what? You need someone to pick up the SUV from Carmer,right? It's still yours. Maybe I'll drop by Carmer's tonight, drive over there with another officer. Say we're there to pick up the car. Use it as an excuse to go through the garage. You get your car back. Maybe I get some evidence. Oh,my God, that would be amazing. Power. It takes many forms, revealing itself in many ways. "At the bottom of a hill lived Jack and his mother. "And by the side of their little cottage, Jack had planted a very large bean." Is this Jack and the Beanstalk? That's a boy story,Mom. You can't read a boy story. - Dad's got to read that. - Yeah,that's a boy story. The idea that a waterfall a thousand miles away makes it possible for me to turn on a lamp seems like magic. That I can fill a bathtub with hot water in the middle of the night makes no logical sense,either. Electricity,serendipity... they both surround us, both doing their work silently, invisibly. Lee? You hear something? Hello? You love me? Of course I love you. Did you get your call? Are you coming home? No,no,and yes. I got another call. I found a buyer for the SUV. You're kidding? it turns out that mechanic is serious about how much he loves Carmer's death-mobile. He wants to buy it. And he's willing to pay us $500 more than we paid Carmer, which is a good thing because I think we're going to need it. What do you mean? What for? He thinks I'm nuts and I think I'm nuts, but I told him to go ahead and fix your old car. Joe,that is so exciting! That is fantastic! Honey,hold on a second. I'm getting another call. Hello? Allison,it's Lee. You sitting down? Well,kind of. He's dead,Allison. What are you talking about? Tim Carmer,he died from carbon monoxide poisoning. When we got here,we noticed the garage door was down, locked up tight as a drum. You could hear the SUV running in there. Oh,my God. I just kept thinking about that story you told me this afternoon, and wondering... was this something he did to himself? Or you think maybe he,uh... It's crazy,right? Hey,Al,you still there? It's okay. I think... I think I lost her. I thought you were