that destroyed 23 American cities in a single day. The attacks crippled and fractured the US government</i> and left our town cutoff from the world. Please help us. If this country is at war, we need to know it. But even in the worst of times, it's possible to find the best</i> in ourselves and in others. Robert Hawkins. A covert agent who was supposed to stop the attacks</i> is now hunted by his former bosses for the secret he holds. What is that? A Nuclear Bomb. There were dozens of these things used in the attacks, right? And now you have the last one. Evidence. It's the smoking gun behind the greatest crime in the history of the world. Now, as we're about to be overwhelmed by a hostile neighboring town, a new government appears. Based out of Cheyenne, Wyoming, a government with a new face, flying a new flag. Now! Hold him back. Hold him back. Sit down! I'm Major Beck, 10th Mountain Division. Colonel Hoffman asked me to sort out what the hell happened here. I'm in the process of taking reports, sounds like you two are the ringleaders. A couple hours ago, you were leading the nastiest border skirmish we've seen in months. All-in, 136 dead Americans. Twice that wounded. Over 70,000 rounds of ammunition confiscated... Stanley...! Go! Go! Anything you want to say? We needed food, water and supplies. Jericho had those things. We tried to trade peacefully, Jericho responded with hostility, ending with the cold-blooded murder of eight of my deputies. Starving, facing a hostile neighbor, we had to take action. Your story? My story? He held us hostage. Tortured my brother. Terrorized us with mortars. Peace? You didn't want peace, you wanted everything we had. They attacked us. They cost us... I don't know how many men and women. You cost me my father. All right. The dispute between these two towns is now officially over. - This isn't over. - Yes, it is. In case you missed the message earlier today, I have the means to make this stick. I'm going to be overseeing this area, and conducting a full investigation into the events that lead to today. That's not good enough. Come here. You have no idea what we've lost. But there's a reason I was asked to administer this area. I'm good at what I do. Go home. Be with your family. Treat your wounded and mourn your dead. Then... help us rebuild this place. The nightmare's over. Order will be restored. Season 2 - Episode 1 Reconstruction - Synchro by: ¤<i>AkaZab</i>¤ - <i>A²S Team www.All-about-Subs.fr</i> - Transcript: <i>Raceman - Forom.com</i> It is now six months, since the day that changed the course of human history.</i> Over 15 million left dead or dying, another 40 million homeless. And the remaing elements of the Federal government</i> left scattered to the winds. Soon, evidence began to mount</i> that the financing and bombs used in these attacks</i> had been supplied by elements within the</i> Iranian and North Korean governments. But the remnants of the old Federal government</i> were paralyzed by indecision; and the international community refused to act.</i> So began the rise of a National hero.</i> The junior Senator from Wyoming, John Tomarchio,</i> rallied the country... Hey, what the hell, man? ... retaliatory strikes against America's enemies.</i> Sorry. You've been watching the same thing for a week now. It's just the same story, over and over again. What is it you think you're gonna miss? I'm waiting for them to explain what happened with the flag. They have explained. About 400 times. They're putting the country back together, but not everybody's on board yet. Just the states west of the Mississippi. ... day three of his whistle-stop tour through the western allied states. Today was Pete Britton's operation. I, I came by to see how it went. And? I'm surprised he lasted that long with all the shrapnel he took. So, what's the total now? - Sixty-four? - Five, sixty-five. Sixty-five. I gotta say, I don't know what kind of punishment this Beck guy has in store for New Bern... ... but I'd like to be there when it goes down. Hi. Hey. Hi. Hey, babe. Doing a little business with Jennings & Rall? Yeah, they're helping me organize a community service program for the high school. What? Nothing. It's just a little strange having them here. Army can't do everything. J&R just does the day-to-day stuff. Help deliver supplies and getting people back to work. I've seen what they do. - Meaning what? - Hey! You know how hot it makes me when you completely tune me out. Hey! Jake? Knock it off! What's going on?! - You think he's from New Bern? - Yeah. Yeah, I do. Damn it! Robert, you scared the hell out of me. I missed you, too. How long have you been standing there? A minute or two. Only just got home. I told you I had to take the satellite linkup on the road to see who was tracking us. - That was four days ago. - I know, but... a few hours after I linked up, there was heavy military activity in the area. But I wanted to see where it went. Two days after, they set up a base camp. Who, the new government? - But they were the ones tracking you. I- think Valente is working with them now. You know, Rob, this town is crawling with soldiers. Is it safe to be here? If Valente is calling the shots, then he is not looking for me. Remember he thinks that you, me and the kids were all killed months ago. He'd be looking for the person who killed us. He's looking for Sarah. - Are you sure about that? - Yes. I'm sure. You know, the, the commander asked me to stay on in the office to do their administrative work. - No. Yeah, I could try to find out what they know. And look, you're going to need eyes and ears inside that camp. Thank you, but no. - Rob... - Darcy. What happened here? Come on. You know exactly what happened. Another thug from New Bern with a blood feud. That's a dozen in two weeks. We stopped just as many men heading in the other direction. - Is he talking? - <i>No, sir, nothing.</i> - All right, get him processed. - <i>Yes, sir.</i> Heather? Heather! Oh, my God. "Don't worry, Jake. It'll just be a few days." How are you? Are you okay? - Yeah, I'm good, I'm good. - Yeah? Yeah. Major Beck was nice enough to let me hitch a ride back here on his convoy, so I... Hey, you all right? I'm fine. I'm fine. You'll be planting your spring crop in no time. And my tax debt, that's in there, too? Yeah. As good as gone. That's great. Your wife? Not yet. I wanted to make sure my, debts were settled first, but... These are the days I love my job. Hey. Mimi, this is Trish Merrick. She's with Jennings & Rall. - Hi. - You've got a great guy here, Mimi. Yeah, he'll do. - We'll talk later. - Thank you. - Thank you so much. - Yeah. Did you see that skin? It's like porcelain. That girl's never had restless night's sleep in her life. And here I am, running five miles a day so my butt doesn't hit my ankles. Mimi! I own my farm again. What? I own my farm again. Jennings & Rall just helped me set up deal with the new government to wipe out my IRS debt. I give them a portion of my crop for three years, and as of now, I own my farm free and clear. Can you believe it? That's wonderful! Yeah. - Stanley, that's so wonderful. - Yeah. Marry me. - Wait. What? - Marry me. I love you. And the war's over. The lights are on, life is good. Let's get married. What do you say? I... I just... - This is like my worst nightmare. - No. Mimi, look... Just forget said anything. Just scratch it, okay? It was just a bad joke. Listen to me. Will you just listen? Just a poorly idiot. Stop it. Of course I'll marry you. I- I love you. I just wanted it... You don't understand. I, I just... You know what? Forget it, forget it. Never mind. Yes. Yes, I'll marry you. I don't want your pity. Not... Wait. I... Let's get married, okay? Let's-let's... Let's get married. Okay? - Okay. - Okay. Well, maybe you should kiss me. Jeez! Come here. Gentlemen, listen up. Got some updates for you. As of this morning, we've restored power to 70% of town. And we anticipate full capacity by the end of this month. All things considered, Jericho's on the fast track to recovery. That's good news. After what we've been through, - it's good to finally... - He's not done. What's that? He hasn't given us the bad news yet. No, I haven't. New Bern? The tribunals? I've determined that New Bern is likely at fault for the hostilities between you. But? In the spirit of reconciliation. You got to be kidding me. Reconciliation? ... it is in everyone's interest to extend a blanket of amnesty over a wide range of acts committed during the lawless period after the attacks. Constantino can't just walk away from this. To be fair, he's been removed from office. We're not just going to let this go. - Jake. Let him explain. - I don't want an explanation, Gray. Yeah, well, I do! This guy's been helping to protect us from a world that frankly has been kicking our ass for the last six months. Constantino is responsible for the deaths. A chance to make his case. Of over 60 men and women in this town, including my father. There isn't going to be any reconciliation until he's dead. I want you all to pay close attention to what I'm about to say. There will be no vigilantism in my jurisdiction. There will be no revenge killings. Period. Get the door. Four years ago, I was tasked with pacifying a hot-spot an hour outside of Kandahar. I walk into this powder keg, and I do what I always do. Try to figure out who the guy is. - What guy? What are you talking about? - Theguy. There's always one. I arrange a meeting. Big public thing in the middle of the village. His guys are armed to the teeth, just waiting for an excuse. So I walk up to him. I lay my weapon down. I showed him I understood his place in the order of things. And you think I'm your guy? I want you to be Jericho's Sheriff. Those people followed you on the battlefield. They respect you. Help me do my job. Help these people move on. Think about it. What would you have done if the guy... if he took a shot at you? Just think about it. - What did he want? - Doesn't matter. Gather the Rangers. We'll meet tonight. Tomorrow, we're going to New Bern. We're going to kill Constantino. You a from HQ. This is a manhunt. And this is our target. The suspect's in possession of a high-yield nuclear device. The same sort that carried out the September attacks. Your orders are to shoot on sight. We're going to find this terrorist no matter what it takes. Thank you. Could you copy these and distribute them, as well? We okay? So, I got a little bit of a situation. I need a safe house, Jake. Somewhere, um... off the beaten path. Well, my grandpa had a hunting cabin. Hasn't been used in years. Okay. Why? What's going on? You know the news is saying that the September attacks were backed by Iran and North Korea. Yeah. Yeah, I know. - You said it was domestic terrorism. - Which is what it was. Why would the government lie about that? - Gee, I don't know, Jake. - You don't know? I really don't know. Thank you. We're meeting at Bailey's tonight after closing. If you're still around, I need you there. Then I'll be there. Do they not have food in Cheyenne? May we have a word, ma'am? The New Bern man from yesterday, the shooter... how do you know him? He was one of Constantino's deputies. When I found out what Constantino was planning to do to Jericho, a deputy was told to take me out of town, and, um... Execute you? But he let you go. I got lucky. The deputy assigned to me refused to take those kinds of orders. But they didn't all refuse them. The man you saw yesterday? He was one of the worst. I see. Do you think he should die for what he did? Well, I think there's been enough dying around here lately. Don't you? I want you to be my liaison to the people of New Bern and Jericho. Excuse me? I need somebody with ties to both towns. Why would I do that? - Why wouldn't you? - Well... Colonel Hoffman said you showed a lot of guts with him. He recommended you specifically. I assumed you'd want to help. I just came from a town where guys with guns in uniforms made life... very unpleasant. And you can't tell the difference between me and Phil Constantino? Hi. I going to take a shower before you dump me for someone less sweaty. Tell me you didn't sign this contract. I didn't sign that contract. Thank God. Yeah, I signed the other one. That's a copy. Why would you do that? Didn't you read it first? Yes, I read it. Stanley. What? What, what'd I do? Well, first of all, you owe them a share of your crop, starting immediately, but you won't be credited the three years until, you see, "... a national monetary system "is reinstated by the Federal government and an exchange rate can be established." So? So... what if it takes them years to get the economy back together? You're going to just keep forking over your crop. Well, no, I give them my crop for a while and then I'm out of debt, right? That's how you got into debt in the first place. You know, I'm going to take a shower. - Look, wait, I... - No, you look. I'm not stupid. We're also hearing that New Bern is under complete lockdown. Curfews, military checkpoints all over town, but... But we think we found an angle. They've got Constantino working at the factory. He leaves there around 8:00 every night. Security at that shift change is pretty light. So if we hit him here... ... right here... there's a chance we'll get a clean shot and get out without getting caught. Where are you going? Home. Hey. Hey! Did you suddenly get a conscience? Hey. You know, if you were smart, you'd let three months go by, wait until everything calms down, and then you would go in there quietly in the middle of the night and you would kill Constantino in his sleep, 'cause that, I would understand. But this, this is you just making a big show out of it, Jake, and it is both dangerous - and stupid. - Really? Yes, really. I can't be a part of this. He's out? Yeah, yeah, it looks that way. We'll manage. Listen. You don't want to hear this, but you think maybe you should sit this one out? Come on. After what went down in the Major's office today, he has his eyes on you. You really think there's a chance in hell I'm going to sit this out? That's what I figured. - See you tomorrow. - Sleep well. Get in. What is this about? I want you to see something. Excuse us, soldier. - You executed him? - No. I sent him back to New Bern. Earlier this evening, he and three other armed men were found not far from here heading towards Jericho. When we tried to apprehend them, they made the mistake of opening fire. This man couldn't put his vendetta to rest, so it was put to rest for him. Are they...? You asked me what I would've done if those insurgents had taken a shot at me. This is what I would've done. Sometimes the only way to end these things is to start removing elements from the equation. I think you need to ask yourself, if your father would've wanted your story to end in one of these bags? My father's dead. Hey! We need to talk about the deal you made with Stanley Richmond. The paperwork's going through as we speak. Tear it up. I'm sorry. Mr. Richmond signed those papers. I'm not really sure we're going to be able to void them out. Stanley tends to sign things without paying much attention. Among the things he has signed are four years of misdated income tax returns, which made him guilty of a number of federal crimes, but it is my understanding that Cheyenne has extended an amnesty for non-violent federal crimes committed prior to the attacks. So, technically, I suppose you have exposed Jennings & Rall to a nasty civil suit for coercing him into this deal on the basis of a tax debt he no longer owed. Yeah, that sounds like something I'm going to need to raise with my boss. It does, doesn't it? Please do not stomp or make any sudden movements next to the stove, okay? You're making a cake? I bake. - Sometimes. - Since when? Okay, when I was a kid. No, you didn't. Once, I did in Home Ec. And? And it ended badly. Because? - Because of the fire. - Right, which could've been prevented. Leave me alone. This is for your mother. It's been four weeks since your dad and... She just wants to stay out at the ranch, do it her way. Okay, well, I'm going to do it my way. And this is her favorite recipe, so... No, it's my dad's. He'd beg her to make it for him and then he'd sit right there and tell her how to do it. She'd pretend it drove her crazy. It was... it was a bit they did. God, he loved her. He loved you, too, you know. Yeah, most days. How do you think he would have felt about Constantino getting to walk? I think he would have been madder than hell. But I don't think he would have felt good about what you're planning. You know? I think he would have preferred his death end one war, not... not start another one. Yeah. - Yeah, I think so, too. - Jake... - did Eric come talk to you? - No. Why? 'Cause he took a gun and went out with some of the Rangers. Sam and Allison are at the Taylors. I told Margaret we were having problems at home. I also got this. You were right. They're looking for Sarah, not you. I told you I did not want you to be part of this. I know. I ignored you. - This is no... - Robert, okay, we're in this together and I want to help. What is this? That's everything that's come through Beck's fax machine in the last few days. And these are copies, I hope. I put the originals back in the paper tray within two minutes... What was that? Are you sure you were not followed? - Yeah, I don't think so. - D, that is not a yes. You know what to do. Hey! What the hell are you doing? I'm taking care of this for the both of us. - By leaving without me? - I'm trying to protect you. You never would have agreed to sit this out. - Now go home, Jake. - We're all going home. Not me. This isn't what Dad would have wanted, Eric. Maybe not from you. What the hell is that supposed to mean?! Do you think you lost more than me?! Is that it?! You think you lost more than me?! - I think you had a few good months. - He was my father! Well, he was everything to me! You have no idea what I've lost. Now, get out of my way. No. Somebody convince me this isn't what I think it is. It's fine, we've got it under control... Let me stop you there. Because if it is what I think it is, there's a certain way I need to respond. I heard a rumor there was an armed party on its way to New Bern. So, I gathered border patrol to head them off. Do you realize that policing border areas is my job, not yours? It's been our job for a while, now. Old habits die hard. We're gonna follow you back into town, make sure you get there safely. Just so we're clear; you just saved your brother's life tonight. And he's not the last one around here who's gonna need that kind of help. Drop it. Now, turn around slowly... and give us a hug. Chavez. Hawkins. What the hell are you doing? This is the rally point, isn't it? Better late than never. So, put it down, man. You're getting lazy, old man. Ten years ago, there's no way I'd get this close. Maybe. That doesn't bother you? Not really. So, you going to put that down? Chavez, that's my wife Darcy. Darcy, this is Chavez. Let's go. So, who else from the team has made it back here? Victor was first. He didn't last long. Radiation from Denver. And then, Sarah. - Sarah? - Yeah. Didn't end too well for her. I told you be careful about her didn't I? And you were right. Thank you. Just three of us left now then? You, me, Cheung. Had any contact from Cheung? He's embedded in Cheyenne. I lost contact when I infiltrated this army unit up in Nebraska. - How long ago? - A month or so. Figured it was a good way to stay inside while I made my way back to the rally point. Didn't figure on them bringing me right to you. Yeah. It's almost like you stuck your head out long enough for them to track your location. I did. These people needed my help, and I couldn't turn my back on them. And if you are here against me or them, well, I may have to kill you. Man, you are a mess. Well, that's as may be... ... but I did manage to put a few pieces together. I know that Valente is the one who was holding Sarah's leash. - I did not know that. - Yeah, he's, he's within the government of Cheyenne now, but I don't know in what capacity. He's a slippery bastard. I'm not surprised. What do you know so far? You got a map? You know I've got the original right here. I'm not a lawyer, but I don't think this changes anything. I got them to rescind it. - What? - Yeah. Not only that, but I got you the tractor and the seed, all of it, and at a fair price. And they're also going to help you file a petition so that you can wipe out your tax debt officially with Cheyenne. Now, that part is free of charge as an apology to us, and, and they also offered me a job, which I think was part self-defense. You... Wow, you're terrifying. I don't like people messing with my family. I'm sorry I asked you to marry me. No, look, I was going to askyou. You were? I was, yes. I had it all planned out. I was going to propose the way my father proposed to my mother. How'd he do it? Heaskedher. I'm sorry. I'm... I'm... just a very goal-oriented person, you know? I, see that something needs to be done and I do it. It's just sometimes I think that if I don't make things happen, then they won't, because no one will want them as much as I do. What's that? It's my mother's wedding ring. Now please be quiet. I've never loved anybody the way I love you. And I can't remember my life before you, and... And... ... now I really don't think I could live without you. Listen, I'll do whatever it takes to make you happy, I swear to God. So, will you marry me? You... see, now-now you can talk. - Yes. - Okay. Yes! Yeah? Yes, yes, I will marry... Hey, I want you to hear this. The Cheyenne government's story about the attacks, Iran, North Korea, we know that's a lie. The question is, why? What are they hiding? Whatever it is, they wiped two countries off the map to cover it up. It's safe to say, there's something rotten in that government. Who knows if it stops with Valente or not. The Western states have all fallen in with Cheyenne, everything west of the Mississippi. They're strong and getting stronger. The East is aligned under Columbus, Ohio. Remnants of the old administration. And they're weak and losing support fast. How far off is Cheyenne from winning this thing? That's where the wildcard comes in. An independent territory with a significant military presence and a massive stockpile of oil reserves... and they haven't chosen a side yet, Texas. The Texans are getting close to siding with Cheyenne. If that happens, it's the ballgame. This is our new mission. Expose Cheyenne's secret before they take over the whole country. I guess this is where the good news comes in. Yeah? What's that? I have evidence that could expose the whole cover-up. I have one of the bombs. Maybe the only one. Well, that certainly is a good start. I understand, but with all due respect, sir, we're not ready for that. No, sir. No, sir... Yes, sir, I appreciate that. Thank you, sir. Jake. Just, came by to... ... to take you up on your offer. How'd you know? I tried to tell you before I'm good at what I do. I'd like to tell you not to worry, but your trial by fire as Jericho's Sheriff is coming sooner rather than later. How's that? You heard of the President's whistle-stop tour? Yeah, from the news. I've just received a call informing me