that destroyed 23 American cities in a single day. The attacks crippled and fractured the U.S. government</i> and left our town cut off from the world.</i> - Please help us. - If it's war, we need to know it. Even in the worst of times, it's possible to find the best</i> in ourselves... and in others. Robert Hawkins. A covert agent who was supposed to stop the attacks<i> is now hunted by his former bosses for the secret he holds. What is that? A nuclear bomb. Dozens of these things were used in the attacks? - And you have the last one. - Evidence. Smoking gun behind the greatest crime in the history of the world. Now, as we're about to be overwhelmed by a hostile neighboring town,</i> a new government appears. Based out of Cheyenne, Wyoming. A government with a new face flying a new flag.</i> Now! Previously on Jericho: I'm Major Beck, 10th Mountain Division. The dispute between these two towns is officially over. As of this morning, we've restored power to 70% of town.</i> Jericho's on the fast track to recovery. I want you to be Jericho's sheriff. I'd like to tell you not to worry, but your trial by fire as Jericho's sheriff is coming sooner rather than later. - How's that? - The president's on his way. Stanley? Good morning. What is this? It's a celebration for your first day on the job at J & R. Could you be any sweeter? Probably not. This looks great. I know. This is, this is a big day. You get to be an accountant again. Count things, add things up, may be even a little subtraction, right? I can't wait to work in that office. You wouldn't believe how organized the J and R people are. Everything is bar-coded. I have so missed bar codes and spreadsheets. I mean, every component and package and foodstuff, every ounce is accounted for. Where it's been, where it's going. I'd forgotten how beautiful order can be. It's probably the most boring story I've heard in months. No, I love it. Just a few weeks ago, we were sitting at this table trying to imagine how to defend our farm from the next town over, and now... we're sitting here, eating pancakes with chocolate chips in them, and you're... blabbing on about tracking packages. We're boring. We are. We're boring. Yeah, we are. Stanley Richmond? Ken Calley. I'm the president's deputy communications director. - The president? - Yes, ma'am. President Tomarchio wants to address the nation today From... right here, on your front porch. Let's get the rest of these cars out of here, all right? Sheriff Green. Nice uniform. - I'm pacing myself. - Well, it's a start. And for today, you've to wear these credentials. I got deputies rerouting traffic, they going to keep an eye for anything unusual. Although I think the Secret Service has got you covered. What do you need me for? Trying to keep an eye on me? Local intel always beats eye in the sky. We want to know the hazards in the area. - Condor's going to be here soon. - "Condor?" Code name for the president. Biggest bird in the west. The watchroom is in town hall. The president will make a stop at J and R first before heading out to the farm for the speech. How long's he scheduled to be on Main Street? 20 minutes. Shake some hands on the rope line, meet the mayor That's the best time for us to make our move. - You got the password yet? - I will. - How about evac? - Okay. Here... is your escape route. Got transportation here. Diversions here and here. Should give you enough time to get out on the open road. Just wish we can do this without getting you burned. Riding with the army was for uncovering the truth, and the truth day is coming to us. All goes well, by this time tomorrow, I'll be in Texas, and we'll be changing history. Or we'll be dead. [ www.seriessub.com ] Present: JERICHO Season 2 - Episode 2 Transcript: www.sub-way.fr Synchro: dmbmh "Condor" They call this the White House on wheels. It unloads and reloads at every stop during the tour. Command and control capabilities that equals what we had before the attacks. He could fight a war from here. A change of plans. The president has struck a stop. That ETA of three hours is now 28 minutes. Copy that. Lieutenant Parker, take a patrol out and secure the routes one last time. Roger that. I'll send them out now. No, I want you to do it, Parker. We need all eyes out there today. Yes, sir. What took you so long? Got a problem. Secret Service cut the last stop short, so the president will be here in 30 minutes. - We can handle that. - That's not the problem. Chavez got sent out on patrol. - Did he get the password? - I don't know. I mean, if he did, he didn't have a chance to give it to me. - What if he's not back in time? - I thought that he's not going to be. So I'm going to have to do it myself. How, you'll never get past all that security. I got to get ahold of one of their secure walkie-talkies. I can get one. Baby, this is not eavesdropping or xeroxing some fax pages. - This is the real thing. - It's lifting a walkie-talkie without being noticed. I can do that. I didn't realize how much I let this place go. The glare from the shell casings really make the window treatments pop. New grass? I'm still trying to make our wedding registry vital to national security. You're already planning our wedding registry? Since I was 12. And I've taken off the list luxury items that we already have, such as your Star Wars collector glasses. I hope your friends are buying the high-ticket items because I'm not inviting anybody who can afford an espresso maker. I'm going to go make sure that they're not scratching up the floors. It's facial recognition software. Takes a 3D picture of every face, checks them against the database in the watch office. The flagged ones will be prohibited from secure areas today. Since when does a criminal database cross-reference people's voter registrations, DMV files and library records? September, 2006. Take a look through the ones we flagged. You know these people better than I do. Let me know if there's anyone I need to be worried about. I should warn you I might be in there. You aren't. You seen my file? I don't know. A lot of files come across my desk. Gray, you got a minute? Sure. I was just going to come looking for you. Mr. Calley has asked me to greet the president. And I was hoping, Eric, that you and Jake would join me. I'm sorry. Am I missing something? Show him. J and R just received a crate of these new history textbooks. They'll distribute by the end of the week. And why is this a problem? Look at the chapter titles. The section after W.W.II is called The Decline and Fall of the 1st Republic. It talks about how the U.S died because we got weak. That the Cuba's Crisis was a failure because we didn't attack the Russians. That we pulled out of 'Nam in'75 too early. - I mean, it goes on. - How should we handle this? I don't know. You don't know? What can I tell you? Teach from it or not. It's your classroom. Make a decision. There's a bigger issue here, Gray. This new government, first they change the flag, now our history? At what point is this a country we don't even recognize? These people have saved this town from annihilation, to say nothing of the millions of people who are still alive because of them. I think that earns them the right to a point of view. Terrorists just keep getting better looking, don't they? Can I help you? - Alex Utley. - Jake Green. "Modesto Bee", huh? Second largest paper in California now. Though we had a little help getting there. Is that a joke? Guess not. Friend of yours? She's a school teacher. Says she's flagged because of her father. Jonah Prowse. What did he do? He runs a road gang in the area. Though I'm not sure why that makes her a threat. Well, I think they'd say that there's no such thing as being too careful. You reporting on them or for them? Yes. Break, break. Condor is arriving. Condor is arriving. One seconde, sir! Mr. President! Mr. President! - I got it. - Okay. I need you to give me as much time as you can before you let them find it. Okay, you head back to town hall. I'm not far behind. - What's going on? - I don't know what you mean. I just saw Darcy put something in her purse, back in the watch office. Now what are you up to? Jake Green! We're missing a secure walkie-talkie. Did you take it from the watch office? - No. - Let's go. Turn around. Utley, on your feet. You were there as well. - I'll assume the position. - Let's go. Sir. Nobody told you to move. The sheriff and the reporter are clean. Copy that. Mayor Anderson, good to finally meet you. Mr. President. Eric Green. My condolences on your loss. Your father sounded like a wonderful man. Wish I could have known him. Thank you. I have to tell you guys, I am truly humbled at the sacrifices you've all endured. I think the country needs to hear this story. Mayor... would you consider representing the area at the upcoming constitutional convention? - Constitutional convention? - We have an opportunity to write the next chapter in American history, the triumph of democracy over the forces of evil. Think about it. We'll need good men like you guys to help keep this country strong. Well, thank you, sir. I'm... I'm honored. Crash, Condor. Repeat: crash, Condor. Crash, Condor. Crash, Condor. - Condor is secure. - Yes, sir. I've got confirmation. Condor is secure at the Citadel. Checkmate is moving to Billboard, copy that? Schultz, please confirm you have the new positions. Darcy, hold it. Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. Just didn't want you wandering outside the office. We're in a crash. - What's a crash? - Secret Service procedure. If the principle's in jeopardy, they freeze everyone where they are. A secure walkie went missing about 15 minutes ago. Until that's recovered, we stay put. Have a seat. This will take a few minutes. Isn't this something you should be covering? No. Cheyenne doesn't like incidents like this covered. And they control my credentials. What the hell kind of reporter are you? The working kind. That's your idea of being a journalist, not making waves? Let me ask you this: you heard of the Hudson virus? Yeah, from the news. They stopped it at the Mississippi. They don't want a panic, so they won't let us publish reports that it's already jumped the blue line. - The blue line? - Yeah, for the Mississippi. It's got U.N. peacekeepers all up and down it. So nobody's reporting the real news, and that get you off the hook? I was working for the L.A Times before the attacks. I won 2 Pulitzers, so I got a good idea about being a journalist. And they don't exist anymore. Is your mother going to come out to the farm for the speech? She just left. Went to Cedar Brook to stay with some family we contacted after the roads were cleared. It couldn't be easy for her to be around her anymore. You should be glad she's not here. She'd through that history book in the president's face. - Come on. - He wasn't elected, Gray. How does a government no one voted for change the Constitution? We found time to have an election. Of all people, I think you would remember that. So you're a real reporter, huh? The news also says that the attacks were North Korean weapons financed by Iran. - Is that the whole story? - Well, there's... plenty of theories out there to pick from. - What's yours? - I'm not a conspiracy nut. Let me guess, you know a guy who knows a guy... Now, what if there were more to that story? What if...? What if we had nuked 2 countries who had not attacking us? What if a guy wrote an expose about the appalling gaps in port security, three years before the attacks, and it ended up on page C-18 because it didn't have any zazz? - People get the news they deserve. - They get the news they're given. It just takes someone willing to give it to them. When I was a kid, two guys took down the White House with a typewriter because people listened. They got angry, they acted. If I thought anybody was willing to listen anymore, I'd be talking. Ma'am, I'd like to take a look inside your purse. Is that really necessary? Yes, sir, it is. You searched the entire office, huh? All stations on the net. This is Citadel Two. We found the radio. Repeat: the radio is secure. Copy that. Crash is over. They found the walkie-talkie. - Where? - It was in the sheriff's office. They're pretty embarrassed. Had the whole group out looking. And a light staff at the watch office. He caused the crash on purpose. What? Halt! Hold it! Find Hawkins. You had a guy inside Beck's camp, and you didn't tell me? - He hurt one of my deputies. - What makes you think that? Before Beck arrested him, he attacked me, and he told me to find you. Check your pockets. Check them. Okay. What's going on? There were some very important files in that watch room, and I copied them, but my guy inside, Chavez, he couldn't get the password to me to open them, so he gave it to you. I told him if he was in trouble, he could trust you. This is all about files? A conspiracy this big leaves footprints, Jake. Thank you. You know, immediately after the attacks, the 23 blast sites were tested by the military to determine the origin of the fissile material in the bombs. The results said the bombs were milled in North Korea. Are you saying they falsified the results? Yes. But somewhere in here are the original results. Here. The plutonium was milled in Seversk. That bomb wasn't from North Korea. It's an ex-Soviet nuke. This is proof they lied about the attacks. Well, this is just the paper trail. Your bomb is the hard evidence. Unfortunately, getting that evidence out is impossible. What do you mean out? Out where? Texas. They're close to joining Cheyenne, and if they do that, Cheyenne is going to be too strong for us to bring down. So we have to make sure that that does not happen. Now, where did they take Chavez? They're holding him in a lockup for now. I heard they were going to transfer him to a place called Loomer Ridge. That is a supermax prison in Colorado. - A place you don't come back from. - He's well-guarded. I'm not going to risk the greater mission trying to rescue him, but Chavez had the contacts in Texas. I gotta find a way of getting this information to the right people by myself. Are you going to drive to Texas with a bomb looking for someone you don't know? You know, when you put it like that, Jake... There may be another way to get the information out. - There's a reporter. - The media is in Cheyenne's pocket. This one may be different. Let me feel him out. I'll keep you insulated, all right? Unless you can think of a better way. I've been trusting you, and now it's time you trust me. That's a lot of information to take on faith. - You can't give me your source? - No, not yet. First you have to convince your paper to publish the information. I've got to know you're going to follow this through to the end. - I don't know. - What don't you know? God. This is the biggest news story in American history. It's going to make a god-awful mess. It is a god-awful mess. All right, let me call my editors now. On a government-issued phone? Are you crazy? You have to leave the press pool. You can't talk to anyone. Drive straight through to Modesto. You want me to sit on the biggest news in history for 2 days? Yeah. That part's non negotiable. But you can drive as fast as you want. Are you in? Two guys and a typewriter, huh? - Trish! - Mr. Richmond. Mr. Richmond's my dad. I'm Stanley. Stanley, I'm pretty busy. Here's the thing. I kind of need a favor. No, he's not annoying. I really in busy. Yeah. It's mandatory for all Jennings and Rall managers to learn many languages, so I picked sign language. Okay, so, about this favor. I hear you are really good at tracking things, so I need... She scares me. Okay, so, what's the favor? Stand down, gentlemen. What was in that room that was so important? This is probably your last chance to tell me what's going on before somebody drops you in a hole somewhere, Parker. If that's even your real name. We fought together. At least tell me who you are. I'm a dead man. - Lieutenant! - Sir. Send his prints to Camp Liberty. We'll find out who he is soon. Yes, sir. I'm headed to the farm for the speech. You want a ride? I'll meet you out there. What is all this? Some guy had a heart attack at Bailey's. He was dead when we found him. I'll see you there. Hold up. Citizens of Jericho, I am honored to be standing here today with you on this most hallowed ground. Those who died here gave their blood to protect our lives and liberties. And so we honor them. Detail, present colors. It's over. He's dead. The reporter's dead. Accept this on behalf of a grateful nation. Arms port! Aim! Fire! Aim! Fire! Aim! Fire! They killed him. Why didn't they kill me? Well, if they suspected you were a threat, they would have. Best guess, the reporter called his paper to prep them for the exposé on the new government, and the call was intercepted. We need to get ahold of that phone log. I want to know who he talked to. - And I want an autopsy. - You will never see that body again, and we're lucky he isn't alive, 'cause he would have given us up. You've lost loved ones, and here you are again. Still strong, still proud. This is the best of America. But infighting has left us weak and vulnerable to our enemies. Remnants of the old government have fallen back to Columbus, Ohio. After the attacks, that government endlessly debated our response. So, in a vacuum of leadership, I acted to the world know that America was down but not out. - We can't let them go with this. - They already have. I have got to figure out what I'm going to do now. You figure out what you're going to do, I can't let this go. Jake, I need you not to be my problem right now. The federal government of the eastern bloc states</i> no longer has any governing authority beyond the Mississippi. You've seen the flag. This is the flag of a new country. Flying from the Mississippi to the Pacific. The 13 stripes of red and white still represent the 13 colonies, but they run in a new direction. Just as we... must chart a new direction for ourselves. In a few short weeks, Mayor Anderson will represent you as we ratify a constitution for this new nation. That will be known to the world by a new name. "The Allied States of America." And with this new name, a clean slate. Our debts have been forgiven, and we are open again for business. That means jobs, stocked shelves, a return to life as we knew it. And in the fall, we'll have elections, where we can all take part in building a new government. As a safer, stronger America. God bless you, and God bless the Allied States of America. - Where are you taking him? - He's being transferred. Son of a bitch! Pull him off! Get him out of here. Nobody wants to do that more than me. He put one of my men in the hospital, too. Oh, he'll get his due. I assure you. - Lieutenant. - Sir, the info on Parker is back. He's dead. - What do you mean? - I mean Parker's identity belong to a dead soldier. "RF Parker, US Army, killed in action, "Jalabad, Afghanistan, 11 May, 2003." He's black ops. Echo Three, this is Echo One, over. I need a SitRep now on the transport of Lieutenant Parker to Loomer Ridge. I repeat, Echo Three, this is Echo One. Come in. Over.</i> You left this at the farm. You didn't even ask him one question. All you did was say yes. Well, I want to go to that convention, and interrogating the president is a good way to make sure that never happens. Safe travels. Eric, wait. It was my dad's. Hung in his old office before the renovations. I thought it was lost. Yeah, I found it in storage when the army need the space. I thought about bringing down here and hanging it up, but it just isn't... ... me. I'm going to Cheyenne to ask those questions. And I'm going to keep asking the questions until I get some answers. I just don't want them to see me coming. And I was hoping that while I was gone, that you'd be willing to act as mayor. And try not to get us into too much trouble. What has happened today is unacceptable.</i> I understand, sir. How did your men lose him? I don't know, sir. There's absolutely no record of him existing. Either through fingerprints or DNA. Not to mention that every piece of paper with his name or picture has disappeared from my CP. How's your search for Sarah Mason going? That's what I thought. You're overwhelmed. I'm sending you a private contractor who knows the area.</i> He'll take care of the day-to-day administration of the town</i> while you find the terrorist. Jake. I've been racking my brain, trying to figure out how a handcuffed prisoner guarded by three soldiers, escape from the back of a Humvee. Any ideas? I heard he was as spook. Figured he picked the lock on his cuffs and fought his way out. Sounds plausible. I should have thought of that. Thanks for your help today. It's appreciated. A little help here. What's going on? Tell me what? Nothing, there's nothing to tell. What did you find? Nothing. I mean, we found your father's second cousin on a census in Indiana, but the area had already been evacuated. And there was a woman with the same last name in a nearby refugee camp. But she wasn't related. Thank you. I'm sorry. Sorry. I really wanted you to have your family at the wedding. I will. You're my family. You and Bonnie... from here on in. Thank Jake for me. You were right about him. He's got good hands. Just wish he learned to pull his punches a little better. Me, too. So Darcy scrubbed the office. There have not pictures to trace you with. - That's a good woman you got there. - So she keeps telling me. You got everything you need? A car, map? Actually, I got something for you. Phone's clean. When I get to Texas and meet up with my contacts, I'll call. I'll be waiting. Say, hey... You ever heard of a project Boxcar? - No. What is it? - There was a file on the flash drive. It was the only thing the password wouldn't open. That's strange. That password should open everything on that disk. I guess I'll keep working on it. Remember when this job used to be easy? No. Did you, did you hear about your brother? Gray appointed me acting mayor in his absence. Mayor Green. Nice to hear that again, huh? Long day? Yeah. Things with Beck are getting pretty dicey. Well, we've dealt with worse. We're still here. We can handle it. Major Beck, 10thMountain Division. You Goetz? Tactical operations officer. I'll take it from here.