I want you to be my liaison to the people of Jericho. How's your search for Sarah Mason going?</i> I'm sending you a private contractor who knows the area,</i> who'll take care of the day-to-day administration of the town</i> while you find the terrorist. Hi, Dale! Where'd you get all this? Missouri, Nebraska... We've been hitting the big trading posts in the region. What's going on? We got word there was some contraband in Mr. Turner's most recent shipment. This'll all be shipped back to Cheyenne to be disposed of. Western states have all fallen in with Cheyenne. They're strong and getting stronger. This is our new mission: expose Cheyenne's secret before they take over the whole country. I have the evidence that could expose the whole cover-up. I have one of the bombs. Mimi, this is Trish Merrick. She's with <i>Jennings & Rall</i>. I cannot wait to work in that office.</i> You wouldn't believe how organized the <i>Jennings and Rall</i> people are. I think... I'm gonna head to Cheyenne with Trish. Yeah? I'm asking if Sarah Mason has ever been in the employ - of the U.S. government. - <i>No. She hasn't.</i> I accept your offer to assist my search for Sarah Mason. What you're doing on my property? Guys, guys, it's OK. Stanley... Sorry about this, we just fix in a flat tire and we're getting out here. Dale, what the hell you're doing out here? You know, importing. Importing at four o'clock in the morning? Here... For looking any other way. Stanley asked me to return this to you. Find another way into town. Quit using his property. - It's the safest way in. - It's not suggestion. It's hard enough getting past those checkpoints. You just made it ten times harder. This isn't just about the booze. The farmers, the merchants, the clinics, they all need us. If it wasn't for us, every business in town would be in debt to J&R. What are you doing? Public notice that your business hasn't yet registered with Jennings & Rall. - What do you mean, register? - Simple oversight. There's still a lot of raiding going on out on the roads. Government's asking merchants to prove they do not business with criminals. You should talk to the sheriff of theft and corruption running rampant right now. He should have some insight. When you've you registered, the notice will come down, and you'll submit to weekly inspections of your sales and inventory. And if he doesn't? Then I'll shut him down. Yeah? Hawkins. You don't have to answer. I realize I have some explaining to do.</i> Who are you? For now, call me John Smith. You don't know me, but I know about you.</i> No... No, you don't know anything. You were tasked on Project Red Bell with seven other agents.</i> A member of your own team, Sarah Mason, betrayed you.</i> I know about Valente. When I saw Chavez was caught by Major Beck,</i> I figured either you or Chueng couldn't be far.</i> So I reached out. We have goals in common, and I have information that can help you.</i> But I want your assurance that you won't try to find me.</i> Can you accept those terms? Let's agree on this: You don't make the terms, I do. And if you have information to share, then you just share it. But if you lie to me, then know that I will find out, and the next time we speak, it will not be on the phone. Those are the terms. Agreed. Now, can we move on to more urgent business?</i> I'm listening. Good. Because you're a day away from being caught.</i> Season 2 Episode 04 <i>- Oversight -</i> Transcript: <i>Raceman - www.forom.com</i> Synchro: <i>¤AkaZab¤, The Lovers</i> A²S Team J&R charges an arm and a leg for stock, but... I can't raise my prices 'cause of Cheyenne's price freeze. So, buying from Dale is the only way that I stay in business. Mary's not alone. Matt Carlson sold his granary yesterday. I am into these crooks for 15 grand. When I tried to go around them to buy feed for my cattle, they confiscated it, froze my accounts... Now my herd is statarving. Food, supplies. We're getting strangled here. If we don't do something, it will be to late. We're talking about booze and cows here. - The Stamp Act, and the Sugar Act. - What are you talking about? The Boston Tea Party... was it just about tea? Look, every revolution that's ever been fought, they-they started in roomslike this. - I disagree... - Right. People have to take a stand... Look, guys. Listen! We're not talking about a revolution. We have a problem to solve, so let's solve it, - before it gets out of hand. - No, J&R is out of hand. Quiet! We need a lifeline. We need to find a way to funnel in supplies outside of J&R's control. Dale, he has the trade connections, he has the trucks. Stanley... we have to have your farm. Why me? Wh... There are army checkpoints all over. Your farm is the safest way in and out of town... I am one week away from having a working farm again. All right? I need J&R on my side, understand? So you're gonna leave here to deal with them alone? Come on. Guys, this is not Red Dawn. They gave me back my farm. They forgave my debt. We've got power again, jobs, food. These people are here to help us, can't you see that? How? By taking over everything? What's happened to us? Gas prices were high before the bomb. Politicians were crooks, corporations were evil. That didn't mean that we threw in with criminals, did it? Criminals? If it wasn't for this criminal, you wouldn't be vaccinated for the Hudson River Virus. I'm sorry, Jake. I'm out. Stanley? Would everybody calm down? Just calm down a sec, all right? We lost him. What are we going to do now? We will find you another way to get into town. It's going to be okay. Hey. You rang? Tomorrow morning, a binder will be delivered to Major Beck from an Air Force reconnaissance unit based in Cheyenne. It'll contain an aerial radiation scan of this entire area. The bomb. I-I thought lead made it undetectable. Oh, this is an advanced system. Lead is not enough. Well, then we need to move it. The scan will get Beck closer, but not all the way. You see, anything with a high enough atomic weight will present in the same way as plutonium. He's still got to search the hot spots one at a time. This cabin is going to be one of those hot spots. How do you know all this? Only a hard copy would have been sent. They're not going to take any chances with the Internet. Now, that binder will be in Beck's office with his secure files. I need the page from the binder that'll identify the bomb. - I'm guessing that's my job. - Within 24 hours, Jake. 48, at the most. Before they got a chance to process the data and map the hot spots. Well, you got a plan for getting Beck out of his office? Matter of fact... I do. - Did you get the gas? - Yeah, it's out by the car. Where are you going? I gotta burn down a house. If you are here to register, you can get in line.</i> For currency exchange, please have your two pieces of identification out and ready.</i> Mimi. I thought you were doing the books from home today. All finished. Listen, I am so glad we have you on board, I can't even tell you. Well, don't speak too soon. I found something odd and I wanted to check my... ledger against the J&R books. What is it? All the outgoing totals you gave me match up, until the new currency arrived. Then suddenly, there's a $10,000 discrepancy. I'm sure it's just an accounting error. Perhaps Jennings & Rall didn't deliver as much of the new currency as their books say. Oh, J&R is meticulous about accounting. They wouldn't make a mistake like that. Then someone took it. How? I mean, it came off the armored truck, it checked into Jennings & Rall. And it's been... under armed guard ever since. I guess you have to figure out who had access. You know what? Don't worry. It's probably just a mistake. I'll take care of it. It's Fort Knox back there. What is that? Thumbprint scanner. Getting that room ready to house classified information. It's a pretty short list of people that'll have access. Let me guess, I'm not on it? But, if it's any consolation, you now hold the distinction of being the first Jericho sheriff in history. Who doesn't have a key to the sheriff's office. Who does have access? Just the officers. There's a list floating around here. Yeah. Here you go. And here you go. Tell the lieutenant that... the data's arrived. I'll be wanting to get into it as soon as possible. So how many curfew violations are we talking about? Twelve within the New Bern city limits since Tuesday. That sounds about par for the course. Yeah, it's not the number I'm worried about. Britt Daniels, Randy Pope. These six men here all worked in the factory making munitions whe I was there. Things are getting tense there, right? Random violence, friction with the J&R reps... Yes. I'm worried these aren't random curfew violations. It feels more organized to me. They're testing the fence. We'll monitor it. Heather. Thank you. Forget him, too anxious. Callahan's expecting a field promotion. He won't risk it. Foster's dumb as a stump. Put him down as a maybe. How do you know all this? Soldiers that man these checkpoints hang out at her bar. Making friends is my business. Skylar says you wanted to see me. Yeah. You were driving through Stanley's land to avoid all the checkpoints, right? Yeah. Well, what if you didn't have to avoid them? What if you could drive right through them? I'm told you have information about who's been smuggling stolen goods into town. Before I say anything, I want to know I'm going to be able to keep my business. I've got a family to think about. Well, Fred, I'm sure we can work something out. The kid. Dale Turner. He's the key to the whole thing. What? I can't get it. - I can't get the binder. - What do you mean? I mean, short of cutting off someone's thumb, I can't get into Beck's office. Plan's in motion, Jake. Things change in the field, you've just got to adapt. There is someone. And Beck trusts her. She's been monitoring his field reports from New Bern. She can get close to the data without being detected, but she's smart. We're going to have to tell her. - Tell her what? - Tell her why we need the page. Oh, there you go again. Every time we hit a snag, your answer is just to bring somebody else in. You can trust her. You said the same thing of this journalist. You think I don't know that? I care about this person. I don't. And you see this? This is not some secret club where we just invite people in when it is convenient. Why don't you tell me what to do?! Just tell me! Eight people have access to that room and seven of them are military. Now, if you want to get in there in the next 24 hours, you show me! Show me how! Now, I feel as though I'm being a pretty good sport about all this, but, I mean at some point you're going to explain what we're doing here, right? Yeah. - Hey. She here? - Yeah. I'm going to ask for your help today. And that requires that you be told some very dangerous information. You should know that there's only five people outside of the Cheyenne Government who know what it is that I'm about to tell you. And that there are those that will kill to prevent it from coming to light. Why would I agree to that? You already put your life on the line for this town, and the last thing that I want to do is... is to ask you to do it again, but... I feel like if you understand what's at stake, you'll want to help. What's at stake? I believe it's the future of our country. Heather... Do you want me to keep talking? I'm listening. You wanted to see me, Trish? Yes. I wanted to talk to you about an accounting issue. Work, it's boring. I don't believe we've met. Bonnie Richmond. This is John Goetz. He's our Administrator. What was it you needed me for? It's come to my attention that since we've issued the new currency, some money may have gone missing. Really? How much? $10,000. Here's my incident report so that you can start a formal investigation. Where exactly did you get your information? The accountant that we hired locally, she found the discrepancy. Maybe she made a mistake. Sometimes a local hire doesn't have the whole picture. She keeps a set of books to herself so that she can check them against the J&R books. She believes that the J&R books may have been altered. I see. Look, you and I both know how seriously J&R takes embezzling. Zero tolerance. For the sake of both of our jobs, I believe that it's important that we handle this correctly. You're absolutely right. Thank you for bringing this to my attention. I'm going to look into this right away. Here you go, Timmy. Thank you, ma'am. Got word from Jane yet? Nah. Battalion S-2's being a real Jerk about mail from the East. Says it's a security risk. Appreciate you asking. She must miss the hell out of you. Don't worry, soon as my tour's through, she'll get enough of me. How's business? It's hard to keep the shelves stocked with you boys around. Just make sure there's a bourbon waiting for me later. Well, I'll try. I'm running pretty low. You gonna be at your checkpoint tonight? Yes, ma'am. 'Cause I could make a call. Maybe you could look the other way for just one truck. You're asking me to commit a crime. Just booze. Just booze? Yeah, all right. You got it. Thanks, Timmy. Not your lucky day, kid. The government, the army and the news, they're all lying about who's responsible for the attacks? Yes. But you're telling the truth? Yeah. Who are you? Okay. Okay, okay, all right. - What do you want me to do? - All right, there's a binder in Beck's office. We need you to remove one page from it. - Beck's involved in this, too?! - Not directly, no. - Beck's a good man. - Yes, he is, but he is taking orders from some very bad people in the Cheyenne government. What's in the binder? Data from an aerial radiation survey. Radiation? Radiation? What the hell's going on here? Do you trust me? Do you trust me? - Yes. - All right. This has to happen today. Hawkins is gonna get Beck out of his office. I'm sorry for dragging you into this. There's no other way. Okay. Mr. Hawkins. - Thank you, Lieutenant. - Yes, sir. I was, wondering when I'd hear from you next. How quickly can you deploy some men to Nebraska? Why? What's in Nebraska? I have an informant, part of a road gang operating along I-80. He just confirmed a visual I.D. on Sarah Mason. Doing what? She was spotted at a remote farmhouse. It's probably a safe house. - Is this reliable intel? - Major, Mason doesn't stay in the same place for too long. So can we move on this? - Lieutenant. - Sir. I need a patrol on me. Radio Camp Liberty, tell 'em I want two Apaches on ready standby. Roger that. California? Yeah, I'll expect a postcard at least once a week, okay, preferably with girls in bikinis And if they're naked, - that's even better. They must have caught him smuggling. This isn't right. Let's go. Take it around again, Captain, we have to be sure. Out. Major, anything? No sign of Mason anywhere, and we got helos all over the state. Sir, definitely an Arson job. We also found spent bullet casings from two different weapons. - Somebody had a shootout. - What about the body you found? Burnt to a crisp, but judging from the bone structure, it's male. - DNA sample's on its way to be scanned. - Another dead end, I'm sure. The fire melted all the computer equipment in the house, but we found this hidden behind the basement wall. Some sort of hard drive. Looks salvageable. What do you make of all this? I think Mason came here to tie up a loose end. I think this fire was supposed to be thorough, and... I think she missed something. I want to see what's on it. Take it to the techs right away. Yes, sir. What are you doing in here? We want Dale Turner. Get him out here. Can't do it, Sheriff. This is not a Jail and you don't just hold people. If Dale's accused of a crime, the Sheriff office will investigate. That won't be necessary. A truck full of contraband meets my burden of proof. - You can't keep him here forever. - I agree. I turned him over to the military police ten minutes ago. He's on his way to Loomer Ridge Prison as we speak. You sent him to prison? The kid is guilty. The authority is mine. I'm sending a message. There's no place for thieves in Jericho. If saying throw us in prison whenever he wants, - makes you think that stops with Dale? - The vaccines, registrations, the gouging, now this. We're losing this town. We got to get there, right? They got a ten-minute head start. Chasing truck is the way of getting ourselves shot at. Probably. Go find Beck. I need you to relay a message. What he say. He don't have the authority to do anything. We're going to give him the authority. At ease. What's going on? Sir, I found this woman in your office. She has clearance to be in this office. What's the problem? I believe she was accessing secure information, sir, outside her area of clearance. Were you looking at anything in my office other than the New Bern files? No, I wasn't. I needed to check something in your inbox. Problem solved. Thanks for your help Sergeant. Sir, with all due respect, I don't believe her to be telling the truth. I believe she is telling the truth. Are you questioning my judgment? No, sir. You're dismissed. Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you? My apologies. I hope the sergeant's actions haven't colored your faith in this office. I'd consider that a crime. Let me do the talking. Keep your hands up. - Clear the road. - Right... there's been a mistake. And I'm the Sheriff, the kid should be in my custody. - Clear the road or I will shoot. - I have orders from Major Beck! This is your last warning. Radio Major Beck, 10th Mountain Division. - This is not the way I get orders. - Just call him. He'll explain. Clear the road or I am opening fire. Sir. A major from Headquarters is on the horn. Sir? Yes, sir, he is. Yes, sir. He wants to talk to you. Major? You mind telling me what you think you're doing?</i> Major, I need your help. Your brother tells me you want me to identify a 16-year-old kid</i> with no discernible value as a confidential terror informant.</i> But if he's a part of your investigation, then Goetz loses all authority over him. - Are you out of your mind? - He's a kid. He's a 16-year-old kid and Goetz is sending him to prison with no judge, no trial, nothing. It's a mistake, and you have the ability to do something about it, so I'm asking you to help. Put the lieutenant back on. Major... Put him on. Yes, sir. Bring him up here. It's Mimi, right? Yes. Trish told me you're concerned some money may have gone missing. I'd like to see your math on that. Sure... Trish has the ledger with the discrepancy in it. I saw her book, the numbers looked fine. Well, they do unless you compare them with my ledger, in which case the numbers are different entirely. - I'd like to see your ledger. - I keep that at home, but I did make some notations in the margins of the J&R book and you see that our numbers started to diverge when the new currency arrived. Please don't take this the wrong way, Mimi, but I can't just take your word for it. I need to see the ledger. Well, please don't take this the wrong way, but in order to provide independent oversight, I need to be independent. You're accusing someone in this company of embezzlement. - That's a very serious charge. - I'm not accusing anyone. I'm the chief administrator of this town and I want your ledger. Valuable information like that should be kept in a safe place, not at home where practically anything could happen to it. Well, I will bring it tomorrow. Thank you. Excuse me, please. What do we got? Quite a lot, sir. Take a look. On the hard drive recovered from the fire, we found transcripts of secured communication between the suspect Sarah Mason and a boss, so far unidentified. "Target successfully terminated." She was an assassin? They discuss five murders in the messages. Then it gets really interesting. Looks like she turned. Here she and her boss discuss the sale of a "package" in her possession. Mason sold the bomb? Almost. A meet was arranged in Nebraska, but she balked at the last second. - Why? - Unclear. However, it looks like she used a meet to track her buyer back to his base of operations. Sir, there's even surveillance. Lieutenant, you're excused. Sir? Leave the room. Now. Yes, sir. Well, it confirms my hunch. Mason was Black Ops. And these murders look like a clean-up to me, like some kind of top secret operation gone bad. So anyone connected to it has to die. Safe to say, she killed that John Doe at the house. Probably on the orders of this... same boss. So the question now is, what exactly are they cleaning up? We might have missed this entirely if it wasn't for your informant. There was no informant, was there? Sorry. Excuse me? After our trip, I checked with my field commanders. They confirmed that, there was a nasty road gang in that region. Problem is we smashed up that operation weeks ago. The area's been quiet ever since. So what are you saying? Think twice before you say another word. Ever since you waltzed into my office, you know everything I know. Every question I had, you had an answer. And then today. The tip from your C.I. The fire. The hard drive. You think I'm an idiot? It was too easy. Give me one reason why I shouldn't kick in the door to your house right now? What else did you find on that hard drive? You know what's there. No. I don't. I think you found something that you don't want to believe, though. That what this is? This a test, Major? What am I looking at? That's Thomas Valente on the right. As in the Department of Homeland Security? He lied to me. Sarah Mason did work for the government. She worked for him. Is there something wrong? I found out that someone is stealing money from J&R, and I think that they know that I'm on to them. Oh, my God. - Don't make any noise. - What's going on? It's Ravenwood. They're outside. Anybody in there? If you are, you need to come out here and talk to me. What do they want? The ledger. I saw them take Dale today. What if they don't just want the ledger? - I'll tell them you're not here. - No, Bonnie, don't go outside. Bonnie! Bonnie! Ma'am. Bonnie, right? Is Mimi Clark inside? I'd really like to talk to her. Sorry. She's not here. I'm going to have a look inside. - They're coming. - Come on! Come. Come. Bonnie, hide! Bonnie! Is the bomb secure? Yeah, it is. And thanks for the warning. Why are you helping me? I want the truth to come out. Same as you. What truth would that be? This Government. Or should I say, this company. What? You mean Jennings & Rall? What are you saying, they got something to do with the attacks? No, that doesn't compute. Corporations don't overthrow governments that enrich them. Project Boxcar. You're familiar? It's all right to admit ignorance. It's how we learn. Project Boxcar. The covert operation run by the Cheyenne government to eliminate</i> any and all evidence about the origin of the September attacks.</i> Evidence? What evidence? You. Your bomb. Your teammates. This report... What is this? That is a classified disaster plan. Commissioned by the government, prepared by Jennings & Rall. 25 cities destroyed from the ground by nuclear weapons.</i> Target specifications, contingencies, chinks in our armor. Jennings & Rall put it all in one place. It was supposed to protect us. But someone got a hold of it. They took our worst nightmare and made it come true.</i> Okay. How do you know about this?