They're strong and getting stronger. Texans are getting close to siding with Cheyenne. If that happens, it's the ball game. I have one of the bombs. When I get to Texas to meet up with my contacts, I'll call. - <i>Hawkins.</i> - What do you need me for? I need your bomb. It's concrete evidence that can't be refuted.</i> Mimi, this is Trish Merrick. She's with Jennings & Rall. I'm so glad we have you on board, I can't even tell you. There's a $10,000 discrepancy. Someone took it. I'm the chief administrator of this town and I want your ledger. Bonnie, right? Is Mimi Clark inside? It was Goetz. And his men. They killed her for the ledger. Goetz is off limits. No threats, no retribution, no exceptions. Goetz, I want to see your hands! Remember, we need him alive! If he winds up dead, Beck will wreak havoc on both these towns. Stanley. Beck is gonna put the pieces together.</i> The minute that body hit the ground, this became a whole different deal. - Everyone in position? - Our men are standing by. They've been fully briefed on target packages and objectives, sir. They had their chance. At ease, gentlemen. You all know who we're looking Let's bring 'em in. - All clear! - Clear! What do you think you're doing? This bar is a haven for Insurgent activity. I'm gonna turn it upside down till I find those responsible for the murder of Goetz. They're not here. I don't know where they are. Even Eric Green? I haven't seen any of them since Bonnie was killed. Major, - locked door in the kitchen. - It's a pantry. There's nothing in there but peanuts and pretzels. Either you open it or we ruin a perfectly good door. My kids are probably freaking out. I should be home right now. They're already watching our homes, Jimmy. Getting yourself arrested isn't gonna help your family. We should go plead our case to Beck. Goetz was a murderer. It had to be done. Unfortunately, Beck said no revenge killings. He's not going to let it go. - Where are you going? - Turning myself in. No, Stanley. Stanley! - Get off me! Get off me! - It's not gonna help. You're staying here with us. That's all there is to it. Just let me go, please. Just let me go. It didn't take Beck long to figure out what happened to Goetz. From the word around town, he doesn't seem to have the whole picture. He knows the Rangers were involved, doesn't seem to know that I was there. And I don't think he's figured out who pulled the trigger. Well, it doesn't really matter. We can't stay here forever and we can't take on the whole Army. Jake... I know you want to protect your friend, but this is only going to get worse until Beck gets the shooter. There's only one thing to do. This is a good start. Where's the rest of 'em? It's my fault. And no one else's. - I'm the sheriff... - You were sheriff. I'm the only one to blame. The only one. So my terms are simple. My surrender for the amnesty of the other Rangers. I accept your surrender. But not the terms. No! No, no! No! Season 2 - Episode 06 "<i>Sedition</i>" Transcript: <i>Raceman - www.forom.com</i> Synchro By: <i>¤AkaZab¤</i> A²S Team You got me. What more do you want? The truth would be a good start. I killed Goetz. - You're lying. - No. He was my problem. I know that you and the Rangers had a shootout with Ravenwood, killing several men in self-defense. I know that you subdued and disarmed Goetz. I know that you attempted to arrest him. And I know that Stanley Richmond then killed him. Where are you getting all this? I have a reliable source. He killed my best friend's sister. - She was 18 years old. - I know. And that was the end of a long line of murders. - He needed to be dealt with. - You're not a judge. You don't get to make that call. Tell me where I can find Stanley and all this will end. I'm not giving him up. If that's what you're waiting for you're going to be here a very long time. Bring him in. Your friend Russell. He said the same thing. But everybody breaks. Eventually. And until you do, these four walls will be your entire world. You will not sleep... unless I let you. You will not eat until I feed you. You will give me what I want. I'll check back with you in a day. - Beck took Jake. - What? - Where? - I don't know. Jake tried to surrender, they put a hood over his head and they dragged him away. I don't think it's safe for us to stay here. - Jake isn't going to talk. - He won't have to. At the rate Beck's going it'll only be couple of days before he finds this place. Maybe Stanley was right. He turns himself in, Beck doesn't destroy the town. - Nobody's turning Stanley in. - We are not giving up on Jake either. Now, this is still a negotiation. What we need is leverage against Beck. Everybody get your gear. We're camping? Yeah, Sam, but just for a few days This place smells funny. Sam, put your stuff away in the bedroom. Come on, I'll show you where Yeah? Ready to come to Texas? - Chavez? <i>- Yeah.</i> Who else would it be? Is Texas ready to hear our case? They're willing to listen. But Texas is on the verge of joining Cheyenne. If those two create an alliance, the United States is history. My contacts say they won't wait long.</i> You got to get the package down here now.</i> I'm sending the coordinates. I'll be there as soon as I can. It's not going to be that simple. Cheyenne has checkpoints from here to there.</i> Hawkins, you there? I think I may have a solution to that. Copy that. Just get here as fast as you can. I don't know how long I can keep these guys waiting. Hey... I said I'll be there. See what's going on up there. Hey! Aren't you guys gonna get that thing off the road? Hey, I know you can hear me. Hey there! Listen, we need you to do us a favor. Sorry about this. Down, get down. We need your truck. All clear! Put down your weapons. Hands where I can see 'em!</i> Major, we learned why the resupply convoy is so late. Well? We found it on the hood of a dismantled Humvee at Checkpoint Zero. "We have your gas, guns and ammo. Will trade for Sheriff Green." Get him up. I want you to sign something. It's a letter, from you to your Rangers, rejecting their tactics in trying to secure your release. Your friends have been escalating this to a level I will not tolerate. They're putting their lives in danger out of loyalty to you. Is that really what you want? We both know where it goes from here, Jake. End it right now. Agree to sign this letter. Give me Stanley's location. The offer of amnesty in exchange for Stanley Richmond is rescinded. The Rangers are now considered... fugitives. I want all of them. Good luck finding them. Until they're produced, I'm declaring Jericho to be in open insurrection. Go! Go! All the way down in the corner. Lights, power, food supplies... 9:00 p.m. Tonight, I'm shutting it all down. We've lived without that stuff before, we'll do it again. Do not move! You really want to test me? You want to see how far I'll take it? Move back! Move back across that line! Move back, people! Whatever happens from here on out, never forget, you caused it. Move back! Move back! Yeah? Hawkins? - <i>Yes. - What's this I hear about Texas?</i> I don't know. You tell me. I have contacts inside the Texas government.</i> You promised them the bomb, didn't you? No, I have not promised anybody anything. That bomb is the key to bringing down this government and they know it.</i> They'll never let you get it to Texas.</i> So what are you saying I should do? I've found you a secure destination closer to home</i> that's friendly to our cause. We can examine the bomb there, prove our case without risking a border crossing.</i> Where is this, "secure destination"? Give me time to finish the arrangements, and I'll contact you with the location.</i> How much time? A day. Two at the most. Okay... John Smith. When are you leaving? Now. Keep the kids out here till all this blows over. Please tell me you have some brilliant plan, Robert, to get this thing all the way to Texas with no one checking your trunk. You stole a shirt? - That's your plan? - No. Stole a truck, too. See, J&R employees get a free pass at the checkpoints. Now please tell me that you have a plan to get back here. What is this? I think it's pretty self-explanatory. No power, no water, no food a full embargo if those men aren't in my custody by tonight. I've been defending you to everyone. How long or how much this town suffers is up to its citizens. Somebody knows where those men are. The Rangers were saving lives back when you couldn't have found Jericho on a map. They kept order, fought off raiders, organized the fight against New Bern. People won't just give them up. Whatever their reasons, this government will not tolerate insurrection. You remember the question you asked me when you offered me this job and I didn't want it? You asked me if I couldn't tell the difference between you and Phil Constantino. Right now, I can't. Then help me. Talk to Jake yourself. Get him to realize what he's doing to this town. You've had him in custody three days. He's not doing this, you are. I don't know if I can keep defending you. Not many deer... not many deer... Not many deer out here anymore. Not many deer out here anymore. I guess global warming has sent them all north. I don't know how much more I can take, Grandpa. They're just trying to soften you up. A man's mind doesn't work very good without sleep. Break a man's mind, he'll give you anything you want. Like they tried with you at Anzio. You know, the Germans captured over 400 of us in that ambush. How'd you get through it? I thought about home. I thought about your grandma. But the thing that really got me through it was knowing that I had to protect the lives of the men in my unit. The one thing you have to remember is that people are depending on you. Have you seen Stanley? He's with Eric and Emily. How is he? He's not talking... to anybody. Take me to him. Mimi, you've been shot, - you really... - I can do whatever I need to. Just please... Take me to Stanley. Explain this to me... explain... Explain this to me. I hurt everybody that was ever close to me and I got a second chance, but Stanley... Stanley never hurt a soul in his life. - And he lost everything. - How is that right? Life doesn't... Work on a balance sheet, I know, but it should. And your punishment is to sit in this hole and die. How does that bring back Bonnie? Or the Stanley you knew? Or the little girl in Iraq? T's a start. It's an ending. <i>It's an ending.</i> - <i>What choice do I have?</i> - What choice do I have? The answer is Beck. I don't even know where to start with him. And he's too stubborn to listen. Your father said that about you once. You turned out real nice. It's not about convincing one man he's wrong. It's a... it's a whole system. You think it's impossible? This has all happened before. If the names weren't Jennings & Rall, they would be names like the British East India Trading Company. If it wasn't Ravenwood, it would be the Hessian mercenaries. Mercenaries. And it all comes down to the same thing... to the same thing.</i> Revolution. Revolution. - I love you. - Don't. - I do. - Don't. Stanley, look at me. - We're going to get through this. - I don't want to get through this. I know that it must feel like that right now, but... What am I gonna do? Am I gonna go back to the farm? I'm gonna feed the chickens, plan a wedding? Bonnie's dead... and I killed a man. Nothing's going to change that, nothing. Yeah. - <i>I thought we had an agreement.</i> - We did. Then why are you on your way to Texas?</i> How do you know I am on my way to Texas? I'm well connected. If you think you can do this without my help, you're mistaken.</i> I know the ins and outs of J&R better than anyone.</i> So turn the car around. We can make history together, you and I.</i> I am sorry to disappoint you. I hoped we could work together, but I'll just have to find another way.</i> Yeah. When the September attacks happened and... D.C. was destroyed along with everybody and everything I ever knew, I didn't think I would ever live through it. I couldn't breathe, and everything went black. And then I found you. The attacks happened to us. Somebody else pulled the trigger. Yeah. And Goetz killed Bonnie. - Everybody understands what you did. - Hi-His... His hands were tied. He wasn't going anywhere. He looked at me and I remember thinking to myself, "This... this is just some guy." I mean, all the buildup, the tracking down Goetz, Goetz the killer. He was just some guy. Everything just, everything... washed out of me and I wasn't... I wasn't scared, I wasn't angry. I just pulled the trigger. That's what I did. E.J. Green, U.S. Army Rangers, 1942-1945. Johnston Green, U.S. Army Rangers, 1969-1976. Both your father and grandfather were great soldiers. Mine, too. I know how hard it can be to live up to someone else's legacy. Says here they both... became mayor. Do you think they would have supported the citizens of this town taking the law into their own hands? Move it! They never would have let it get that far. Excuse me? They would have never... handed over this town to a mercenary. They didn't have to do what I'm doing, stopping Americans from killing Americans, putting a country back on its feet. Open your eyes. It's not a country, it's a company, and you're just middle management. The people of Jericho are going to take this town back. You're going to have a revolt on your hands. Halt! It's not working. He's digging in. - Next steps. - Yes, sir. Sir. We also have a call for you. Patched it through. Yeah, this is Major Beck. I have information on a terrorist you're hunting.</i> Who is this? I know you think you're searching for Sarah Mason,</i> but she's been dead for a few months.</i> Look at your fax machine. Who am I speaking with? The terrorist she worked with killed her.</i> His name is Robert Hawkins... and he has a nuclear bomb. Jake. Honey. Jake. Baby. Jake. Look at me, sweetheart. Mom. Mom, what are you doing here? I heard you were in a little bit of trouble. Here, have a drink of water. Come on, honey. There you go. Careful. There you go. That's better. You okay? Sweetheart, you can't keep this up and I can't stand to see you like this. There's got to be another way. Mom, you shouldn't be here. Now, listen. You just tell Major Beck whatever he wants to know, please, - and then he'll release you. - No, Mom. No. I love you, son. Eric and the boys are coming. I love you. Stay alert. Don't give up. Mom? Mom? This is Delta niner. I have a visual.</i> Coming around for approach. Fox One, Fox Two, he's in the trees.</i> We'll wait for you to flush him out on the other side.</i> I delivered the message to Jake. - I need a map. - Did you see where they took you? No, I was blindfolded, I couldn't see a thing, but I can help you find him. Okay, Beck put me in a Humvee and we took a right off of Main Street and then we just kept on going until we crossed the Tacoma Bridge, which means we were heading southeast. And then we went straight for about maybe 20 minutes and then we took a left on a gravel road and I thought we were at the Levine farm, but the road felt bumpy all of a sudden. Really bumpy. Like railroad tracks. Sounds like you were out on 48, between Alex-Bell and Lytle Five-Points. That's at least five square miles. Can you remember anything else? It smelled terrible. Hog farm. This is definitely the place they've got Jake. Two sentries at the door, M4s and sidearms. Humvee, driver, that's it. Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go get him. Target in sight. Nighthawk Zero-Six, this is Fox Two. We found the package. Roger that, Fox Two. Jake, come on! Help me! Cover us! - Get him in. - Easy.</i> It's okay, we got you now. Go! Go! You escaped. You know you should have waited for daylight to try and burn me. I might not have been so lucky. I regret it had to come to that, but you left me little choice.</i> You've got a problem now. 'Cause you tipped your hand. You didn't just know where I was going, you knew exactly where I was. And that means you were tracking me. How would I have done that? I think that's where it gets interesting, because this phone is secure. And the car was stolen. So the only way you could've done it... was to have a tracking device inside the bomb. - You sound paranoid. - Yeah, well, that just may be. But 14 years ago, it was you that wrote the report detailing how a massive nuclear terrorist attack would decapitate the federal government, right? And in that report, you stated that one individual with enough access could mastermind that entire attack. See it makes sense that whoever put those bombs in the field would have tracking devices in every single one of them so he would know when they were in place. You had the axe to grind. You knew the system... Damn! It was you who wrote the plan. And then, I think, it was you who put that plan into practice. You're not just some innocent whistle-blower. Are you? I believe that I am. Only the last time I blew the whistle,</i> I took out 23 American cities. Sir, no sign of Jake Green or the Rangers. No serious casualties from the raid of farmhouse. - What about the rest of the town? - Three dead, all civilians. Another 14 wounded, three of them are ours. We've got 12 guys in lock up for various acts of arson and... You killed millions, tens of millions of people. Why? To liberate this country. When I worked for J&R, I saw just how corrupt</i> the relationship between the company and the federal government had become.</i> No-bid contracts, a private army, a corporation that wrote legislation.</i> J&R was a cancer grown deep into the bone of this government. So I decided to remove that cancer in one fell swoop.</i> Well, you failed. Because J&R are more powerful now than they ever were. They're also more vulnerable. J&R and the Cheyenne government are now centralized in one city. So when I strike the final blow, the disease should be gone for good.</i> You're going to attack Cheyenne? With your bomb. But you don't have it. The Cheyenne government does. I know exactly how to get it back from the Cheyenne military.</i> And then I'll finish what I started. I'm just sorry we couldn't do this together, Mr. Hawkins.</i> You listen to me, I told you what would happen if you ever lied to me, if you ever tried to play me! I am going to bring this to you. The next time we speak, it will not be... ... not be on this phone! It's okay. It's okay. Go back to sleep. How long have I been out? Not long enough. It's nice seeing you look peaceful for a change. You okay? Yeah. Darcy and the kids okay? Yeah. Give us a minute? Yeah. Jake, I lost the bomb. The Army's got it. And right now... ... it's on its way to Cheyenne. What does that mean for Texas? Can Chavez hold them off? It's not even about that anymore. Jake, the man behind the September attacks is out there. And he is pretty confident that he can get that bomb back and use it to destroy the city of Cheyenne. There's over a million people living there now. Yeah, a million innocent people because you can bet that his target, Valente, and the others... They will not be among the dead. And this will just give them the excuse to do whatever the hell they want to do. You know, if that bomb goes off, we will lose this country forever, right? Jennings & Rall, the Cheyenne government they know who I am. So... I need you to be okay, because