No threats, no retribution, no exceptions. Stanley! I'm declaring Jericho to be an open insurrection. Western states have all fallen in with Cheyenne.</i> Texans are getting close to siding with Cheyenne.</i> If that happens, it's a <i>ball game.</i> I have one of the bombs. That bomb is the key to bringing down this Government.</i> - <i>They'll never let you get it to Texas.</i> - Okay, John Smith. We found a package. You're not just some</i> innocent whistle-blower. The last time I blew the whistle, I took out 23 American cities. The man behind the September attacks is pretty confident that he can use it</i> to destroy the city of Cheyenne. When do we leave? Mary arranged for us to meet one of</i> her runners this side of the checkpoint on Route 309. He should be able to get us through to Wyoming. Hopefully just outside of Cheyenne. We're on our own from there. The streets are going to be crawling with soldiers from Cheyenne and mercenaries from Ravenwood on police patrol. And as I am enemy number one right now, we're going to need someplace safe fast. - What about your contact there? - Who, Cheung? Yeah. I got a lead on his location, but it might take awhile to track him down. We're going to need something more immediate. - Look, Jake. - Yeah. When we get out there, the mission is everything. - Yeah, I get it. - No, no, see... I got to be sure. I'm asking for your help, but I can't afford for you to go off book out there and I don't have any room for debate, so if you've got any questions, now's the time. - Yeah, I've got a question. - Go ahead. How are we going to find the bomb? No idea. Anything else? Insurgent activity in your piece of the world</i> has reached unacceptable levels, Major.</i> The Cheyenne government will not tolerate this.</i> Your orders are to begin Phase Three operations immediately.</i> Sir, with all due respect, I believe it's premature to move to phase three. This place is still salvageable. Two prisoners escaped your custody yesterday.</i> You've lost three supply convoys through raiding parties the past week.</i> The time for restraint has passed. You have your orders. This insurrection must end. 20-minute orientation, an hour roundtable discussion, two hours for lunch? A thousand person town hall meeting and boom, the Second Amendment's gone. It's a lot easier to pacify a country when its citizens can't shoot back. I'm sick of people telling me I worry too much. This is the Constitution we're talking about, not a stereo manual. We'll just keep raising our voices. I don't see what other choice we have. Hey, Mr. Mayor. How are you, Gray? Well, you mean aside from the embolism you just gave me? Let's take a walk, I'll explain. Yeah, I-I'd appreciate that. - Didn't take them long, did it? - For what? For J&R to build their own private country. Season 2 - Episode 07 - <i>Patriots and Tyrants</i> - Transcript: <i>Raceman - Forom</i> Sync: <i>¤AkaZab¤</i> Subtitle: <i>A²S Team I can't believe things got that bad that fast.</i> I should've been there. I'm wasting my time here. What do you mean? This convention is a Sham. And when it's done, I'm don't think there's anything this government is not going to have the power to do in the name of national security. How long till they vote to ratify? I don't know. They're talking about speeding things up to coincide with Texas joining the Allied States. They're that close to a deal with Texas? Well, Cheyenne's pretty confident. And they've done a real good job of painting the Texas into a corner. But, Jake, you... you still haven't told me what you're doing here. You need to go home, Gray. The town, they need somebody that they can look to who's not in hiding. Someone to speak for them. But they need you back. You spelled "Cheyenne" wrong. Hey, Cheung. I've spent the past few months infiltrating J&R's secure data pipeline. You know what's floating around that pipeline right now? That the last loose nuke from the September attacks is here in Cheyenne? The last loose nuke from the September attacks is here in Cheyenne. - Want to explain how it got here? - No. Not really. I'm here to get it back. Hell of a lot's happened over the last few months. I'll try and fill you in. Start with that. What's "Phase Three"? As of 11:00 a.m. Tomorrow, they are going to declare whole sections of town centers of resistance. Anyone caught inside them after the deadline will be considered insurgents. We're talking neighborhoods. We're talking Main Street. Come tomorrow, Beck's men are going to start shooting at people. We're running out of options. Our options are pretty clear. Either we start shooting back,. or we give up our homes. - You don't have to fight them alone. - What are you talking about? What's happening to you guys right now happened to us in New Bern weeks ago. We know what you're up against. Constantino knows how to fight it. Not a chance in hell. With an enemy this big, you really don't have the luxury of being picky about your allies. We can help each other. Eric, are you kidding? What am I supposed to say? You say no. You say you're not interested in shaking hands with an animal like Phil Constantino. Say something. I'm done with this. Stanley! Bonnie has been dead for four days, and her body's still sitting in a box in the medical center because I'm hiding out in some garage! Stanley, where are you going? To bury my sister. I need to do this. Go with him. Get it done. Bring him back here as soon as possible. Set up the meeting. Sit down. I'd rather not. Can we make this quick? I have to move out of my house by 11:00 tomorrow. Someone declared my street a center of resistance. Why'd you do it? What are you talking about? Yesterday, a terror suspect was located not far from here: Robert Hawkins. He evaded capture, but we recovered a nuclear weapon from his possession. The same kind used in the September attacks. What does that have to do with me? There was an aerial search of this town. Should've exposed the bomb, but didn't. We checked the original data, and found a page missing from the copy kept in my office. You took it. You had access to this office I trusted you. - I stood up for you. - You're right. I took it. Why? He told me the people you're working for are wrong. And I believe him. Do you realize I could have you imprisoned, possibly executed? He said this government is corrupt and illegitimate. That it lied about who attacked us so it could seize power. You're naive. - And you're a coward. - Excuse me? You know there's something wrong with this country. And you refuse to open your eyes and see it. - My eyes are open. - No, they aren't. And everyone in this town is suffering because of it. Lieutenant! This woman is under arrest. Get her out of here. Here's what I got. It won't take them long to inspect the bomb, verify it is what they think it is. To make it disappear for good, they're gonna have move it to disposal facility somewhere outside of town. It'll be easier for us to hit it when it's on the road get the transport. That's the problem. There's nothing scheduled. No convoys out of the military base in the area. No shipments in or out of the secure J&R facilities. No nothing. You know what? There wouldn't be. Security draws attention. So less security, less attention. We need someplace off the books. In Afghanistan, there were a few supply routes that would get really nasty. They would shoot at anything with a J&R logo on it. So we started making our runs in ambulances. Check the local hospitals. - St. Francis Hospital. - What? They reported a gas leak a little while ago. They're closing the doors for the afternoon. How many paramedics carry a nine millimeter? It sure looks like they're expecting someone. Yeah. - Let's go. - Not him. - What? - Sorry, Jake, I don't know you... ... I don't trust you. Hey, hey. You keep the engine running. If something goes wrong, we're going to need to get out of here fast. Right? Jake? Yeah. Green light from the colonel, we're moving out ASAP.</i> Double-check that, make sure it's secure before we go.</i> Stay right there. - <i>You okay?</i> - Yeah. - You? - Yeah, I'm okay. Hello, Hawkins. Smith? Smith? I d... I didn't think that you did your own dirty wo-work. I wasn't supposed to. I had hoped you were going to help me. Now, I need that bomb. Hawkins! I'm okay, I'm okay. I'm okay. Jake, Jake, the ambulance. I got you. Get in. How bad is it? I've had worse. What the hell are we going to do now? Just keep driving. Just keep driving and... and let me think of something. Sir, can I get your signature here? What is it? Inventory of the evidence retrieved from the terrorist Hawkins' vehicle. Sidearm, fake IDs, laptop. Transport's waiting outside to take it to Camp Liberty. The evidence is here? Yes, sir, boxed up and ready to ship. I want to see it first. Sir, it's catalogued and sealed. Then I'll unseal it. Yes, sir. Hawkins. We got to get off the street or they're going to be on us in no time. We're not going to make it to Texas like this. Yes, we will. Yes, we will. Okay. You'll keep going south... for about... - ten blocks. - Why? You just do it, Jake. Hey, Chavez, I'm gonna need a favor, and I'm going to need it fast. Hello, Eric. Strange meeting. I'd have figured you and I ever got this close again, It'd be at the end of a gun. A few weeks ago, I was on my way to New Bern to put a bullet in your head. What stopped you? Beck. Interesting. Is that something you still want to do? Every day. Something to be said for honesty. Russell told me about your situation. If you and I are going to be able to help each other, there's something you're going to have to understand. I'm listening. We win by making them lose their desire to fight. It's the only way. I know. Then, when you take out a convoy, you got to stop leaving soldiers alive. Every soldier we take out costs them, forces them to train replacements, saps their will. It's not going to happen in a day or a week. It's a process that could take years. I need to know if that's something you're willing to undertake. Hawkins. Yeah! Hawkins, I need to know where we're going! Okay. That way. They're not just going to open the gate for us. Straight in there. Hang on. Hang on. Don't shoot, don't shoot. Don't shoot. We need help. All right, we need help. My friend's been hurt. Please. Sir, this is a Texas embassy. You don't understand. My friend's been shot. This isn't a hospital, this is sovereign Texas soil. Please. On the ground now! We are seeking political asylum. Sir, we've got a situation at the gate.</i> Go ahead. I've got Cheyenne military here. They claim a terrorist entered the embassy. They want us to surrender him.</i> - Stand by. - Yes, sir. I want those gates closed now, radio down. Tell 'em if anybody from Cheyenne tries to breach, consider it an act of war. Ambassador Sam Travis. You got important friends. I just got off the phone with San Antonio. The governor's instructed me to accept your request for asylum. Get this man immediate medical attention. I need a medic out here ASAP. Right away, sir. Sir. Yeah, I know. Let's get it inside. What are you doing here? We came to help. You were right. Right about what? Constantino. There's something he lost that I don't want to ever give up. I mean, we're right and Cheyenne is wrong, but... the moment we start killing American soldiers, all that changes. So what do we do when they start shooting at us? I got to believe Beck doesn't want that any more than we do. But if he wants to make that decision, I'm not going to make it easy for him. So I'm gonna be standing on this hill in the open with my friends... doing something I know is right. Hey, guys. This is about all I can do from here. We're going to have to find a way and get you to an ER. What do you mean, "no"? Could you excuse us, please? Jake... ... I am not important. What is is getting that bomb to Texas with no detours. Now, you tell me that you understand what it is - you're in the middle of right how. - I understand it's important, Yeah, it's important. Like whatever happens in the next few hours could determine the course of things for... for years to come. You know, maybe our history for the next hundred years. That is the responsibility we got here. And if that comes at a terrible cost, then so be it. Because that's the only way that things get better, and it's the only way that people stay free. That's why I do what I do. Yes, sir. Stanley Richmond and a group of Rangers. I'll bring 'em in. - Ma'am, you need to clear this area. - Please. My fiancé is burying his sister up there. He's waited four days to do this. - Please, let him finish. - We've already called it in. - We have orders to apprehend him now. - Corporal Adams, but you have him. We have nowhere to run. Just let him put his sister in the ground. It costs you nothing. Do-Do you have sisters? Or a girlfriend? A wife? Please. You have 30 minutes. After that, they're all coming with us. So say your good-byes. Thank you. ID, sir? Excuse me? Who are you, sir? I'm Gray Anderson. I'm the mayor of this town. I don't how much longer we can keep 'em talking at the gates. We're going to have to get you out of here. Okay. We're going to take you out back to the property next door. Bomb's ready in a car with diplomatic plates. Should get you through to the airport. The plane's in Hangar 22. We'll... I've had a bad feeling about President Tomarchio. I'm glad somebody's gonna finally show the world what he's really about. That's the plan, so... Yeah. The bomb's stored. Let's get out of here. - No. I'm staying. - What? It's at least an hour's flight from here to Texas. Is no way it takes them that long to find you in the plane. - You don't know that. - It's the only way, okay? I got to buy you some time, draw their attention. You don't stand chance you stay here on your own. And it doesn't matter, because the mission is everything. I told you. No, it isn't. Come on. Damn it, Jake! I am not debating this. I'm not debating, either. I'm ignoring you. - Wait here. - Yes, sir. I'm sorry for your loss. Thank you. You're all free to go. Wait a minute. That's it? About 20 minutes ago, I notified my company commanders. That I'd no longer be taking orders from the Cheyenne leadership. I believe this government is corrupt at its core. Its actions are criminal, and I no longer recognize their right to lead. So what happens now? My company commanders are deliberating, trying to decide whether to report me up the chain of command. In all likelihood, I'll be... charged by the end of the day. Sent to Cheyenne to face a court-martial for treason. But until then, I'm still in charge, so you take your time. And then go home. Unidentified Cessna on heading zero-eight-six, identify.</i> Unidentified Cessna on heading zero-eight-six, identify.</i> Cessna on heading zero-eight-six: Sierra-Tango-Nine. This is Allied States Air Force Whiskey-Two-Three.</i> We have orders to intercept and escort you back</i> to Rogers Field in Cheyenne. Sierra-Tango-Nine, confirm transmission.</i> Sierra-Tango-Nine, negative. This is a Texan diplomatic flight out of Cheyenne en route to San Antonio. Sierra-Tango-Nine, either put down, or we will put you down.</i> You have 30 seconds to comply. This is a consular flight flying the flag of a sovereign nation. This is your last chance, Sierra-Tango-Nine.</i> We will put you in the dirt if we have to.</i> You've got ten seconds. Time's up. We're going weapons hot to engage. Out.</i> Wait a minute. Wait a minute! Sierra-Tango-Nine, do you copy? Sierra-Tango-Nine, affirmative. Jake Green, this is Colonel Thompson, Texas Air National Guard.</i> I've got orders direct from Governor Todd</i> to make sure you arrive safely at Lackland Air Force Base.</i> Copy that, Texas ANG. Son, I don't know what you're carrying,</i> but whatever it is better be good, 'cause I think I just declared war on Cheyenne.</i> Stanley... What is it? I thought I lost you. No way. You could never lose me. When those soldiers were coming for you, all I could think was, "He doesn't know what he means to me. "He's going away forever, and I haven't told him." Well, I'm here now. You are everything to me. I want to... I want to walk down this hill and make a home with you. I want to make a life with you. Through anything and everything. From this day forward, for the rest of my life. That sounded a lot like a... It was. Well, what do I say? Just say I do. I do. I do. I told the lieutenant to release you without condition. You don't need to be here. I know. What's happening in there? They're trying to decide what to do about me. Gave 'em Hawkins' laptop. Let them see the evidence for themselves. You were right. About everything. Thanks for not giving up on me. Sir... ... your orders? Pass the word to your men. Tell them there's a fight on its way. I thought I told you to stay out of trouble while I was gone. Welcome back. Thank you. - How was the convention? - Terrifying. The government we find ourselves living under is in dire need of replacement. Well, that oughta make our feelings pretty clear about it. That? Yeah, I just... thought it's been a little too long since Johnston Green's had anything to say about the way things are going around here. Now seemed like a good time for him to be heard. Hey. We made it. What now? There's a team of engineers waiting for delivery of this thing right away. Once they inspect it, things in this country are goin to change pretty fast. Cheyenne's cover-up will be exposed. Texas sides with Columbus, throws its weight behind them, and then the main event. The next American civil war. Yeah. And thanks to you and Hawkins, looks like the good guys are going to have a fighting chance. Thank you. Hey, don't take this the wrong way. But you look like crap. You all right? I think we started a war today. Let me guess not your first? Jake, this war is coming with or without us. I just hope we did enough to make it a fair fight. Yeah. How does it feel? What?