Same government... that ordered you to kill those people in the hospital? Pretty soon things are gonna start to get back to normal. Government will put itself back together. And you know who they gonna send? Me. I wanna take it all, trade it for something I can actually use to build this store up again.</i> Whatever I don't use, I'll put towards supplies the town needs. I'm Major Beck, 10th Mountain Division.</i> As of this morning, we've restored power to 70 % of town. Jericho's on the fast track to recovery. I want you to be Jericho's sheriff. You guys heard of the Hudson River virus? Yeah, from the news. They stopped it at the Mississippi. Of course they don't want a panic, so they won't let us publish reports that it's already jumped the blue line. - Blue line? - Yes, what they call the Mississippi. Western states have all fallen in with Cheyenne. They're strong and getting stronger. This is our new mission: expose Cheyenne's secret before they take over the whole country. I have evidence that could expose the whole cover-up. Mimi, this is Trish Merrick. She's with <i>Jennings & Rall</i>. J&R just does the day-to-day stuff: help deliver supplies and getting people back to work.</i> I've seen what they do. How's your search for Sarah Mason going?</i> I'm sending you a private contractor who knows the area,</i> who'll take care of the day-to-day administration of the town</i> while you find the terrorist. I'm trying to get through to the Woodsman Trading Post. Road's closed. Look, I don't have far to go, it's just over the ridge. Road's closed. You gonna have to go back about 2 miles, take a detour through Route 17. What the hell's going on out there? Sir, please return to your vehicle. I don't know if you've heard yet, but... a new administrator arrived here last night, a contractor provided by <i>Jennings & Rall</i>. He'll be taking over most of my administrative duties. I just thought I'd give you the heads-up. Why? Sheriff. Jake... Thanks for coming by. What the hell is this? I was afraid our little misunderstanding might come up. Mr. Goetz has already informed me of your previous run-ins. Did he tell you about the massacre he and his men carried out in Rogue River? Did he give you a head count on how many people he murdered in New Bern? What I heard... was that a sanctioned government contractor attempted to enter this town, and you opened fire on him, killing one of his men. - Yeah, that's what he told you. - Major? Let me have a word with Jake. I'll be right here. This is a brand-new building, and this is my new office. In that office is a desk, and on that desk is a folder: the <i>Jennings & Rall</i> corporate dossier for Jake Green. Let me try to put it in perspective for you, Jake. You had a very interesting period of employment with <i>J&R</i>, especially Saffa, Iraq. Remember Saffa? You've heard stories about me, you think you know who I am. I wonder what the people of Saffa must think about you. Hey, did somebody call a cop? Hey! Jimmy! Hey! Good to see you. Now, I was told that many of you came to visit me while I was in the hospital, and let it be known, I was heavily sedated. Okay? So I don't remember much, but... thank you and... I'm sorry for anything I might have said. Glad to see you're on your feet. - Major Beck. - Deputy Taylor. You must be the one that promoted Jake to be my boss. Yes. Is that a problem? No. It's... you know, I mean, whatever. It's cool, it's... Sorry for the imposition. We're still getting situated. It's great. I'm ready to dive back in, just... let me know where you need me to go and I'll... I'll get right back to... Have you seen this woman? Got a problem. What's going on? Beck came to me today. About what? Jimmy came back to work. He saw the picture of Sarah Mason and he told Beck that you were connected to her. Okay. And what else did he say? Thankfully, Jimmy thinks you're undercover FBI, so he didn't say much, but if Beck asks the FBI about you, Robert, what are they gonna say? They're gonna say that they got no idea who I am. Then how long till he comes to get you? Until he realizes that Sarah's dead and you've got the bomb? And his reputation is riding on this mission. He'll never stop. Rob, we gotta get the kids. Baby, we gotta go. Now. Baby, if we run now, we won't get far. Robert, what are we gonna do? How can I help you? I'm Robert Hawkins. I'm with the FBI. I really don't mean to start off on the wrong foot... but you're killing my investigation. Saison 2 - Épisode 3 - <i>Jennings & Rall</i> - Synchro by: ¤<i>AkaZab</i>¤, <i>The Lovers</i> Transcript: Raceman - www.Forom.com - A²S Team: - www.All-about-Subs.fr -</i> I've been undercover on this case for months,</i> but now, you've been plastering Sarah Mason's picture all over town, I mean, it's not like it's a... lost cat we're looking for here, Major. I ran your name through the FBI database. There's no record of an Agent Robert Hawkins. No, there wouldn't be. Well, not in... Cheyenne's FBI database. Why not? I haven't registered with Cheyenne, and I don't think that I will. You see, my bosses still work in Columbus. They're the ones who sent me to find Sarah Mason, and when I do find her, they're the ones I'm handing her over to. The Cheyenne government isn't a state of mind, Mr. Hawkins. On this side of the river, it is the law. You obstruct it for the benefit of another nation, and we call that treason. Right now, I am much more interested in catching a terrorist than I am in playing politics. And I think you are, too, right? And if your current methods are any kind of indication, you can use my help. I want your wife out of this office. I can understand that. Now tell me what you know. I've been pushing all morning with the Army. No one can do anything about Goetz. It's like he's completely above the law. Goetz isn't, Ravenwood is. Listen to me. Things might get ugly quick around here, so there's something you should know. Ravenwood... is a wholly-owned subsidiary of <i>Jennings & Rall</i>. It's their own private army. And anything... anything... that <i>Jennings & Rall</i> does is judged by a different set of rules. Well, I'm afraid to ask, but... how do you know this? Told you I had done some work overseas hauling supplies while I was gone. Yeah, you mentioned it. I was working for <i>Jennings & Rall</i>. Hold on... Hold on, listen. One day, in Iraq, our convoy was ambushed. A couple of our guys were killed. We had no rules of engagement, and we had seen the village they fell back to, so we just... We just went in. And we started shooting. After it was done, there were six gunmen dead, along with four bystanders. One of them was a 12-year-old girl. The only reason I tell you this is because there were no repercussions. None. The army had no authority over us, the police didn't. Most of the guys, they just went back to their jobs. The company... The company wanted it quiet, so it was. Do you understand? Do you understand who we're dealing with? These guys, they don't answer to anybody. Jake... - This isn't Iraq. - Maybe. Maybe, but the rules are the same. Hi, Dale! Looks like somebody's been busy. Where'd you get all this? Here, Missouri and Nebraska. We've been hitting the big trading posts in the region. What's... What's that? That's the vaccine for the Hudson River virus. No, the virus ended at the Mississippi. A few days ago, I came across this trading post that was quarantined by the military. Now, I asked around in the next town, and they said that they heard there was an outbreak of Hudson Virus. I got vaccine from the black market, not far from there. How far away was the trading post? Missouri. 100 miles west of the Mississippi. Okay. What are you doing here? I'm looking for a copy of a report on a... John Doe autopsy. Major Beck thinks it might be related to Sarah Mason. I think you know that's not what I'm talking about. Thank you. So, Jimmy talked. Told Beck I was FBI. You seem awfully calm about it. I'm not sure I got an alternative, Jake. I can't run. So the only way out of this thing... is through it. So, what's the plan? I got him talking. I just need to see if he's willing... ... willing to hear the truth about the people he's taking his orders from. And if he's not? Then nothing I say will matter. He'll call his bosses and he'll tell them that I'm here. And when Valente finds out that I'm alive... I paid for all this stuff. You can't just take it away. You're absolutely right. What's going on here? We got word there was some contraband in Mr. Turner's most recent shipment. I'll look the other way for most of it, but I got a paycheck to justify. - Can you just leave the meds? - The meds are the biggest problem. Unregistered pharmaceuticals could be tainted and even cause an outbreak. This'll all be shipped back to Cheyenne to be disposed of. If Jericho needs meds, J&R will issue a safe supply. Thanks for your help, Sheriff. Don't worry about it, Dale. I'll talk to him, all right? Besides, it doesn't look like he took that much. It's not how much he took, it's what he took. There's something you guys need to hear. The virus jumped the Mississippi. Can it be treated? There's a vaccine, which Dale managed to find a few thousand doses of, but... Goetz confiscated it. Three doctors on this radio frequency said the risk of the generic stuff being dangerous is almost nil, but somehow there's only one legally approved source. J&R. Hello? Hello, is anyone there? Hello? This is Christina in Fall River, Missouri.</i> Is this another quarantined town? No. No, we're clear. How are you? Not too good. I've been working around the clock at the hospital.</i> Where are you? We're in western Kansas. We're just hearing about the outbreaks in your area. How long has it been since the virus hit? It's moving really fast. I think... the first cases ten days ago,</i> but now we're down two nurses. How many people have you lost since then? Hard to say... a-about... 20. I'm sorry. You're breaking up. It sounds like you've lost 20 people in the last week? Sorry, 220. Around 220. Oh, my God. I'm going to <i>J&R</i>. It's not gonna do any good. Maybe we can at least have Goetz transferred, find someone we can reason with. Go find Kenchy. Work out a way of inoculating as many people as possible, as fast as possible. I'll figure out a way to get the vaccines back. That... ... that's not gonna happen here. About three month ago, we found this John Doe, broken neck, buried out in the woods near Tookany Creek. Wasn't hard to figure out that Sarah Mason was probably the perp. What makes you think that? Well, look at his neck. It's snapped clean. Whoever did that knew what they were doing. Did you run prints? DNA? Well, the... CSI department's been a little... busy lately. We've been offline for a while. All right, run it. See what it turns up. You know, when you do, there are another set of prints you should run as well. Think you can lift a set from that, Jimmy? Sure, I'll give it a shot. Okay. Whose prints are those? Sarah Mason's. I beg your pardon? Yeah, we exchanged fire, almost had her cornered, but then she slipped away. Left that clip behind. I've already been given dossier on her. What more can her prints tell me? That's what I'm trying to find out. There. How's that? Yeah, Jimmy, that's fine. Should I take it as a good sign you're not in jail yet? The major is conflicted. There's still a part of him that's not completely signed up to Cheyenne yet. What makes you think that? Well, he's not a guy trying to wrap up a mission. He's curious. He wants to know the truth. That said, I'm gonna need your help. Now that Darcy's out of play, I need somebody else to keep tabs on the major. Yeah, we may have a problem with that. I'm about to do something that might cost me my badge. No. - No? - No. Look... you are my only eyes and ears in this place. If nothing else, that badge is one thing we cannot lose. What's going on with you, Jake? Look, I may not have a choice. All right? Those prints weren't good enough. - No? - No. Here, let's try these. Oh, yeah, that's better. I'm sorry. I can't get involved in any of this. I wouldn't ask you if we weren't in trouble. - This new administrator Goetz, he's... - I know. I have seen what he is capable of. And I will not go against him. This might be our only chance to protect this town and we can't do it without you. All right, look, I will tell you what you need to know. You write it down, okay? You administer the vaccines in a fleshy part of the body, okay? No one who is ill, no one who is getting ill, no one with egg allergies, that's very important. Now, children six months to two years, pinch the fleshy part of the thigh, administer the vaccine quickly, the quicker the better. Now, we don't need to get everybody, just 75 to 80 % of high risks and then we've achieved herd immunity. "Herd immunity", I... I... Yes, herd immunity, it's like when... Kenchy. Please, help me with this. I hope I can help you. Usually the chief administrator handles the issues with... local leadership. The chief administrator is the issue here. I need to know how to have Goetz transferred out of here. I... I don't think that I can do anything about that. Yeah, I know, there's a lot of that going on around here. Look... I'm not disputing <i>J&R</i>'s authority - to have a chief administrator. - Mr. Green... But Goetz, Goetz murdered... dozens of innocent people in Rogue River and then in New Bern, and if we hadn't fought him off here, - he would have done the same to us. - Officially, officially, my answer is that Ravenwood personnel can only do their jobs if they're insulated from these kinds of complaints. But unofficially, my answer is that the <i>J&R</i> policy that protects Ravenwood is inexcusable. It's one thing about this company that I don't understand and I wish I could change, but I can't. And neither can you. You need to know that for every one of them, there is one of me. And if it's any consolation, since the end of the lawlessness, the reports of Ravenwood violence have almost disappeared. All right, well, thank you for your time. One last thing. I'm just curious. Have you been inoculated for the Hudson River Virus yet? Yeah. It's the name of a town in Missouri. They've been hit bad by the Hudson River Virus. The isolated outbreaks in this area are all being handled. Are they? Yes, they are. Is there something else? I don't care what the official story is or what the news is reporting. People in that town are watching their families die. They need help, and they're not getting it. It looks like you're restocking pretty fast, so... I'm assuming visiting trading posts isn't all you've been up to out on the roads? Yeah. Dale, as Sheriff, it's my job to tell you that... even though the vaccines are heading out on a <i>J&R</i> transport today to be destroyed in Cheyenne, it'd be a big mistake to hijack that truck. I used to haul supplies for <i>J&R</i> and let me tell you, they are very meticulous about inventory. Every bar code that leaves at origin is tracked at destination or all hell breaks loose. The only way someone could do it would be to remove the contents of the boxes without being detected and leave the bar-coded containers in the truck. - You know what I'm saying? - Yeah. Trish, is the transport with the vaccine on the road? Yeah, it left on schedule about an hour ago. I wanna know when it arrives and then, let me know when it's been incinerated. Why is it so important that the vaccine be destroyed? It's policy. Unregistered meds could pose a danger to public safety. What if the virus really is a threat to these people? Shouldn't they a chance? There hasn't outbreak within 500 miles, there's no threat. Clearly there is some form of threat out there. I was inoculated, you were inoculated. When there is a threat, I will let you know. What's this? Purchase orders. That's a lot of syringes. Who ordered this? The medical center, I assume. I want you to call the driver of the transport, have him pull over and visually inspect the cargo. I wanna know everything that's on that truck. Dr. Dhuwalia. I am wondering why you ordered 3 000 syringes today. This is a clinic and I need supplies. That's curious timing, it's almost as if you planned to run out overnight. I'd like you to tell me what you know. Cheyenne, Wyoming? So she wants you to work for <i>J&R</i>? Why not? I was so afraid I was going to lose you, too. How could such a little girl survive such a terrible crash? But you did. You can do anything you wanna do, Bonnie. Anything. You just... you haven't had the chance to figure out what that is yet. Life's short. I want you... I want you to be happy. You got it? Yeah. Nice job. A couple thousand doses. Unboxed. How did you pull this off? All right, let's get it divided up. We'll load the trucks from here and get them off to the designated locations As soon as they're ready, we'll give the go-ahead to spread the word around town. Got it? All right, be careful. Jake, where you going? Kenchy was supposed to be here 30 minutes ago. As I've told you, any of the supplies I ordered are a completely routine... ... "Completely routine matter", I know. I'm really trying to resolve this... in a civilized manner, but you're making that very difficult. You may be wearing civilian clothes, but you're anything but civilized. I know you. The hospital in Rogue River. You were the ER doc. I saw what you did to those people. I know what you are. All right, I am gonna ask you one last time. Where... are the vaccines? Okay... Now let's talk about how... uncivilized I can be. What did the prints turn up? Nothing. Came back classified. Top secret. Mason or John Doe? Both. I'm gonna call DHS. Must be some sort of mistake. It is not a mistake. Get your hand off the phone. Okay. But don't you realize that you just stepped on a land mine? What are you talking about? Two subjects, both with classified profiles. One killed the other and it's a professional hit, and she has avoided capture for months despite a full-scale manhunt. Come on, Major. You're not hunting a terrorist. You're hunting a spook. You see those profiles? They would not be locked for any reason other than former involvement with a covert agency. There are plenty of valid reasons... for a terrorist's file to be sealed. Yes, but your orders are to kill on sight, aren't they? My orders are my orders. Well, they want you to find her and kill her before you figure out what it is you're involved in. You call your bosses and you tell them that you are even onto a scent of it, and they will remove you from the situation. Or worse. Get me Valente on the conference, now! Ask him if Sarah Mason ever worked for the government. - Step out. - You just ask him. Because he will either say yes, and explain her involvement at your investigation, or he will say no. If he says no, then understand, you have just stumbled into a government conspiracy that will stop at nothing to protect itself. He's all yours. What did you do? A little Q&A, matter of corporate security. He's tougher than he looks. Let's go. - What did you tell him, Kenchy? - I didn't know what else to do. - What did you tell him? - The vaccines. The warehouse. Jake... Get everything and get out now. Go out that door. We have one more truck to load. Look, there's no time. Go! If we leave these meds, we will lose them. Go. Out now. All right, get all the stuff out to the truck. Don't make a sound. I'll buy us some time. - Go with him. - No, we can't fight this out. We don't stand a chance. You help them get everything out of here. Everything. Dale, don't wait on me. Are you contacting me to tell me you've accomplished your mission, Major? No, sir. But there has been progress. Progress. Yes, we're hopeful that within a few weeks... I'm not interested in hearing about how hopeful you are.</i> If you have questions, ask them. I'm trying to make sense of some difficult intel. And... I'm asking if it's possible... Sarah Mason has ever been in the employ of the U.S. government. No. She hasn't. You know everything you need to know in order to apprehend this terrorist, Major.</i> I'm tired of your delays. I'm tired of your failures.</i> The next time you contact me, I want to hear that Sarah Mason has been located...</i> and eliminated. Is that clear? Yes, sir. I will find her. Mr. Hawkins. So what did you boss say? I accept your offer to assist my search for Sarah Mason. For now. Okay. And no politics. Mr. Hawkins, she still has the bomb. I know. I'll be in touch, Major. We've got to stop meeting like this, Jake. You wouldn't happen to know anything about a... stash of stolen vaccine in this building, would you? I checked. It's clear. Put it down. I'm sure it is. Come on, Jake... let's play ball. Come on, Jake. It would go whole lot easier for you if you just tell me where the meds are. I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Get on the horn! Tell them we found the vaccine. It's somewhere inside this warehouse. Roger that. Copy that. Sir, the vaccines have been located. In Cheyenne. What? The <i>J&R</i> office in Cheyenne says it's been delivered and destroyed. How? I don't know, sir, but the books are saying that the load is accounted for. ... bring the rest of the seed in a few days. And then get the rest done in a week or so. Yeah. Then, I think... I'm gonna head to Cheyenne with Trish. Yeah? Just for a week or two, to check things out. I think that's a really good idea. Maybe you can give me some pointers on how to take care of Stanley. I'll make a list. And I'll follow it to the letter. Don't worry. I'll take care of Stanley. Thank you. You're welcome. I just heard from the truck over by Gimbel Field, they're done. We should be done here shortly. Yeah, but... They're gonna need you. I heard what happened with Goetz. It sounds like we got awfully lucky. It wasn't luck. Say what you want about <i>J&R</i>, but they don't make mistakes with their books. Someone on the inside changed the disposal facility log. How that happened... I have no idea. I think I have an idea. I got a radio call from Christina from Fall River, Missouri. She said that an Army Humvee arrived in her town with boxes of the vaccine, and a medical Officer to help administer the drugs. That's good news. You went outside your chain of command. You put yourself at risk to help those people. Why? Are you upset that they received the inoculations? I'm just trying to understand you. You're a military man. Military men follow orders. We also have families. Where? My wife was in Santa Fe when the attacks came. After that... I'm sorry. I have to hope that... she's okay. Until then, I do my job. And I... I trust that wherever she is... some Army Major... is looking after her, the way I try to look after the people under my charge. Thank you. Where did that come from? The fax in... ... in Beck's office. You know, I've seen that before. It's been coming through Beck's fax machine for days, but I just been throwing them away. Yeah, that's what you were supposed to do. If there was no other way to reach each other, the members of my team had... method of communicating in the open so that no one could read it but us. - Is it from Chavez? - No. He would... he would just call. Then Chung? I don't know. Maybe. Let's find out. What? You found my message in a bottle. Who is this? I can't talk now. But I know who you are.