[Tense instrumental music intensifies] [Woman screams] Valentine's Day. Somehow, even the morgue seems more romantic. When do you guys leave for the big weekend? Harrison's picking me up in the morning. TRU: He tell you where you're going yet? LlNDSAY: Someplace up in the mountains. Pinetop Cabins. He says it's supposed to be beautiful. So what about you and Luc? He found this little bed-and-breakfast up the coast... and he's picking me up right after my shift. How sweet are our guys. Valentine's Day comes up and they put together fabulous weekends... -for their respective hotties. -Don't you love this time of year? Valentine's Day is a sham... perpetuated by the floral and greeting card industries to move product. You'll have to excuse Davis. He's very single. Shocker. So, l'll see you Monday. Have a great weekend. -You, too. -l will. TRU: So, are you working tomorrow? Yep, filling in for one of the married guys. l gotta tell you, Davis, this weekend can't start soon enough. l so need a break from my job. This one or the secret one? For a change, both. [Thunder rumbling] [Tense instrumental music] [Theme music] Help me. [Upbeat rock music playing on car radio] You're up. Thank God. l was about to check for a pulse. When l picked you up at the morgue... you said you were gonna close your eyes for five minutes. LUC: That was four hours ago. [Man chattering on police radio] Oh, no. This can't be good. There's been some flash flooding up ahead, sir. Road's closed for the next 24 hours. But we need to get through today. This is the only road that goes through. Sorry. lf l were you, l'd go back the way l came. So we'll spend Valentine's Day at home. No big deal. What are you Iooking for? According to this, we're just 50 miles from the place Harrison and Lindsay went to. Pinetop Cabins? How did you know about that? Harrison called me last week and said something about a package deal. My brother the romantic. The point is it's supposed to be really beautiful. Harrison said it was beautiful? l believe his exact words were, ''Rustic, yet romantic.'' LUC: Come on, let's surprise him. l've been craving chips for the last 30 miles. You want anything? l'm good. [Cell phone ringing] Hello? l just heard on the radio they closed 14. l wanted to give you a heads up. TRU: <i>Thanks, but we sort of found out</i> the hard way. How's everything in Morgue-ville? lt turns out l'm not spending Valentine's Day alone after all. TRU: No? DAVlS: <i>I'm here with a Marissa Hatcher.</i> Cops found her in McKinley Park with her throat slit. TRU: <i>ReaIIy?</i> DAVlS: Yeah. The weird thing is... the killer left a newspaper clipping in the shape of a heart. Some kind of a calling card or something. God, there are a lot of freaks out there. DAVlS: Poor girl. Anyway, try to relax and have a good time. Thanks, l will. l'll see you on Monday. [Knocking on car window] Sorry, didn't mean to scare you. lt's okay. [Tense instrumental music] You're not heading south by any chance, because l could really use a lift. [Tru grunts hesitantly] KEVlN: l know what you're thinking: Mysterious stranger asks pretty girl for a ride. lt's like the first scene in some bad horror flick, right? Sort of. l'm Kevin Rafferty, and my car broke down just a few miles from here. Good thing you're at a gas station. Yeah. Well, the mechanic took off for the holiday... which kind of puts me in a bind because l'm supposed to be meeting my girlfriend. KEVlN: We've never spent a Valentine's Day apart... and l'd hate to start now. l'd really like to help, but.... -No hitchhikers. -Yeah. KEVlN: Well, have a nice Valentine's Day. TRU: You, too. [Suspenseful instrumental music] [Pop music playing softly on radio] Has anyone seen my wallet? lt's red with a velcro snap. -You must have just dropped it. -Thanks. Aren't you my little Good Samaritan. Any idea how close we are to the motel? LUC: l checked with the cashier. 15 miles, and we're supposed to look for a painted sign. Apparently, we can't miss it. [Mellow instrumental music] LUC: ls that what l think it is? TRU: Leave it to Harrison. All l tried to do was take you away for a nice weekend. -Here? -l know it's a little creepy-- They've got their own cemetery. No, that cemetery is not part of the property. l asked. l want to go home, Harrison. Look, they're supposed to have this amazing waterfall around here. l was thinking we could go for a hike tomorrow... have a little picnic... maybe watch some birds or something. l don't know. -You would go hiking? -For you? Absolutely. [Mellow instrumental music continues] ''Rustic, yet romantic.'' [Knocking at door] We're all set with towels, thanks. TRU: lt's me, Harry. The owner toId me where to find you. Hey. HARRlSON: What the hell are you doing here? LUC: We couldn't make it to the coast. The road was closed. l tried both your cells, but l couldn't get through. The radio said some relay tower got hit by lightning last night. -There's no reception for miles. -We were thinking of getting a room. Great! The more the merrier. You two go check in. Once you're settled, we'll grab dinner in the main cabin. My treat. l thought you said meals were included. lxnay, baby. We'll see you in 30. Look, l know this isn't exactly what l promised. Luc, really, it's you and me. Anywhere would be fine. You sure? Yeah. KEVlN: We meet again. TRU: Hey. [Tense instrumental music] Tru? -l asked her for a ride a few miles back. -At the gas station. You were inside. lt's okay. Hank picked me up a few miles down the road. TRU: l'm really sorry. KEVlN: Me, too. lf l'd known we were both going to the Pinetop Cabins... l could've caught you a discount on your room. My sister owns the place. ElLEEN: Hey, Kevin. -Hey. -Hi. You made it. -Welcome. -This is Hank. He gave me a ride. Hi, come on in. HARRlSON: The way l see it, you just fix up some of these cabins... clear out some of those graves, and Pinetop Cabins Motel... is Pinetop Cabins Resort and Spa. Am l boring you, honey? No, it's just that poor guy... all alone on Valentine's Day. Maybe he wants to be alone. -Who cares? -l care. l think it's sad. Awww. -Some meal. -Yeah, it's good stuff. What? Nothing. Just wish you wouldn't always worry about everyone else. LlNDSAY: So what are you saying? What, you think l'm a busybody? Only when it comes to everyone else. TRU: Who's still got room for dessert? LlNDSAY: You're right. l should become more like you and think only about myself. -All the time. -You calling me selfish? l'm not the one who used up all the hot water in the cabin. HARRlSON: So l like long showers. Sue me. -Can l talk to you? -Yeah. LlNDSAY: ln private. [Tense instrumental music] -l'm breaking up with him, Tru. Tonight. -lt's Valentine's Day. Yeah, right. The most romantic day of the year, and Harrison and l can't stop fighting. Wait. You're not mad, are you? No, of course not. lt's just you guys are my best friends. And we still will be. We just won't make out as much. [Cell phone beeping] TRU: l guess they finally fixed the relay towers. At least something went right tonight, right? [Tru sighs] [Romantic instrumental music] [Romantic instrumental music] Happy Valentine's Day. Luc, they're beautiful. Where did you-- Someone just left them there on one of those graves in the cemetery. LUC: l figured they probably didn't need it anymore, so l.... l'm kidding. They were stashed in my bag. Come here. HARRlSON: You're dumping me? LlNDSAY: We fight all the time, Harrison, about everything. You know, l actually thought this weekend would make things better for us. Maybe it did. Look, l'm just gonna go for a walk, so if you want the bed.... No, l'll take the cot. The bed smells funny. [Comical instrumental music] Damn. [Tense instrumental music] [Leaves rustling] Hello? [Tense instrumental music continues] Harrison, if that's you.... [Leaves rustling] LlNDSAY: Hello? [Dramatic instrumental music] LlNDSAY: God, you scared me! -What are you doing? -l was just getting ice. Are you okay? Yeah, sorry. l thought l heard a noise in the woods. Sorry, this place is just sort of creepy. What, the motel with its own graveyard? Go figure. See you. KEVlN: [Ghostly voice] <i>HeIp me.</i> [Suspenseful instrumental music] PIease. ls anybody out there? [Suspenseful instrumental music continues] [Tense instrumental music] Kevin. [Tense instrumental music intensifies] l need you. [Dramatic instrumental music] You're up. What? Thank God. l was about to check for a pulse. [Tense instrumental music] [Dramatic instrumental music] [Fast-paced instrumental music] -Who are you calling? -Harrison, to warn him. About? Lindsay's allergies. He was gonna cook her dinner tonight, but if he makes anything with peanuts.... [Tense instrumental music] A relay tower got hit by lightning last night. There's no reception for miIes. LUC: Oh, no. This can't be good. There's been some flash flooding up ahead, sir. Road's closed for the next 24 hours. We need to get through today. Only this road goes through. Sorry. lf l were you, l'd go back the way l came. So, here's a crazy idea. We're not too far from the place Harrison and Lindsay went to. Pinetop Cabins. l was thinking maybe we could go there, too. That's so weird. l was just thinking that same thing. And if you see a gas station, could you pull over? -l've got this weird craving for chips. -Chips. LUC: Bag of chips coming right up. [Rhythmic instrumental music] DAVlS: <i>HeIIo?</i> TRU: Davis, it's me. DAVlS: l was just getting ready to call you. TRU: <i>I know.</i> l get it. Do-over day. What have you got for me victim-wise? His name's Kevin Rafferty. He was killed at the motel we went to. Slit throat. When l found him, there was a newspaper heart next to the body. -Sound familiar? -Two victims, same M.O. Sounds like-- A serial killer. l know. Serves me right for thinking I was gonna get a vacation. These things do happen at the worst possible times. All the better to ruin my life. Tell me everything you know about the first murder. And tell me fast. l'm gonna be meeting victim number two any second now. According to the police report... a witness saw a man leave the scene of the crime. What else? There's some residue on the paper heart. DAVlS: <i>Specks of something.</i> I can't teII what. l'll do a chemical analysis and get back to you. Fine, but you won't be able to reach me until 6:03 tonight. DAVlS: <i>Why not?</i> TRU: Phone issues. Just find out everything you can by then. What are you gonna do in the meantime? Anything it takes to keep Kevin away from that motel tonight. l gotta go, Davis. Let me guess. You need a lift. Yeah, just up to the Pinetop Cabins Motel. lt's not very far. That's fine by me... but we should check and see if it's cool with my boyfriend. Great. [Suspenseful instrumental music] That's him right there, if you want to ask him. Has anyone seen my wallet? lt's red with a velcro snap. He's got it. l just saw him snatch it right off the counter. That's not true. -lf you don't believe me, check in his bag. -What? SHERlFF: All right, let's take a look. [Suspenseful instrumental music continues] KEVlN: l did not take that, l swear. Right. Never heard of that one before. l don't understand you. Why are you doing this to me? lt's not what you think, it's.... l'm just trying to help. Come on, let's get out of here now. [Dramatic instrumental music] l'm gonna go talk to Harrison. l'll be right back. How do you know which cabin he's in? Four. lt's Harrison's lucky number. He always stays in four. LlNDSAY: Fine, we'll stay. HARRlSON: Yes. [Knocking at door] HARRlSON: We're all set with-- TRU: Open up, you guys. lt's me. Tru? Hey, guys. The road was closed. We couldn't make it to the coast. We decided to come here instead. Luc's out front. -Great. -l need to talk to Harrison... about something, in private. -So you got the poor schnook arrested? -To save his life, yeah. Unbelievable. A serial killer, here. That's right. So l want you and Lindsay to pack your things. We're all going home. l won't take no-- Relax, you had me at ''serial killer.'' l'm out of here. TRU: Good. HARRlSON: But wait. Shouldn't we call the cops? Tell them we got a whack job loose? l'd love to, but we don't have any proof. And if we told them l was reliving a day, they'd think we were insane. Let's call the tabloids, tell them you had a psychic premonition about the killer. -How would that help? -lt wouldn't, but we could make a mint. Think about it. HARRlSON: Pack your stuff. We're out of this dump. What? You were right about everything. l should've taken you someplace nicer. -My bad. -But you just talked me into staying. Here? Are you kidding? They've got their own cemetery. Okay. Bad news. Harrison says the cabins have rats. We can't stay. -But l just checked in. -So check out. We'll go someplace else. Trust me, this is not the place we want to be, okay? LUC: All right. l'll be right back. [Hank coughs] We meet again. [Suspenseful instrumental music] -You surprised to see me? -You have no idea. [Dramatic instrumental music] KEVlN: Your little prank almost worked. Till l realized that the Mini-Mart had a security camera. l told the sheriff to check the tape. Guess what he saw. l know it doesn't seem like it right now, but it was for your own good. Framing me for petty larceny was for my own good? KEVlN: l don't know what you're doing at my sister's motel. But l suggest that you leave before l call the cops. WOMAN: Kevin. Hey... You made it. -Hi. -Hank. l gave your brother a ride. [Tense instrumental music] TRU: Hey. HARRlSON: Hi. There's been a change of plans. l'm staying. What? The victim just showed up. l can't leave him. -So what do we do now? -''We'' aren't doing anything. You're taking Lindsay back to the city, like we agreed. There's no way l'm leaving you here with a psycho on the loose. -So l'll send Lindsay back with Luc. -Right. And how are you gonna explain that one? Besides, now that victim boy's here, we're all perfectly safe. We can't be sure about that. We've already started making changes to the day. TRU: Changes that could affect yesterday's outcome. Meaning tonight's victim could be.... Me? [Tense instrumental music continues] Honestly, there's no way to know. All right. lf l bite it, l bite it. l'll ask you for help, the day will restart... and we can do this crazy dance all over again. lf l let you stay. What are we gonna tell Luc and Lindsay? The truth. The first time l told you l relived days, you thought l was insane. ln that case, we lie our asses off. -So now you want to stay? -lt's not that l want to. l have to. Harrison and Lindsay are in the middle of a nasty.... ...fight. As much as l'd like to take you someplace nice.... ...l just don't feel right leaving them here alone. Maybe they should be alone so they can work it out for themselves. l don't think that'll happen. Harrison's being.... -...totally unreasonable. -That doesn't sound like Tru. That's what l'm saying. She's not being herself. l think l should spend some time alone with her... so l can figure out what's what, because.... ...they're gonna break up. -All right, is there anything l can do? -No. So just sit here. Don't move. As soon as l talk some sense into my sister, l will be back. l'll go check in. Again. [Rhythmic instrumental music] -How'd it go? -Piece of cake. You? So what's next? One of us should keep an eye on Kevin while the other looks for suspects. We got any? Davis said a man was seen leaving the scene of the first murder... in McKinley Park. Great. So how many dudes are staying here... that aren't me, Luc, or the victim? Two suspects. One guy gave Kevin a ride today. The other guy was at dinner last night. Older guy with glasses. Yeah, he checked in with me and Lindsay. HARRlSON: His name's Carl. TRU: Okay. Can you believe we're in a motel with a cemetery next door... and a frigging psycho on the loose? Can it get any more <i>Friday the 13th?</i> No, this is <i>Summer Camp.</i> -Whatever. -Harry, be careful. l've got Tru Davies as my sister. l don't need to be careful. [Suspenseful instrumental music] -l thought l told you to leave. -You did, and l was going to. KEVlN: Why are you still here? l feel bad about what happened today, and l wanted to apologize. You tried to get me arrested. Saying sorry is not gonna cut it. lt's hard to believe, but l was trying to protect you. From what? ElLEEN: Kevin. ElLEEN: ls there a problem? KEVlN: No. No. No problem, Eileen. Just a little misunderstanding. Good. l was hoping you'd get me some wood from out back. [Suspenseful instrumental music] l hope you can forgive my brother. He always gets so worked up this time of year. lt's Valentine's Day. l'm sure he's got big plans tonight. He told me he was meeting his girlfriend. He hadn't mentioned it to me, but big sister's always the last to know. Keep an eye on him tonight, okay? l always do. Since our parents died, he's all l've got. l don't know what l'd do without him. [Suspenseful instrumental music] [Tense instrumental music] What are you doing in my cabin? Your cabin? l thought this was.... Wake up, Harrison! So you walked in here by mistake? Yeah, l got in here, and l was like: ''Where's my stuff and my girl? Who cut up all these crazy newspapers?'' -That would be me. -Really? Putting together a little ransom note, are we? [Tense instrumental music] My wife's obituaries. She passed away last week. l'm sorry to hear that. CARL: l know it seems morbid... but the papers said such lovely things about her. According to this, the funeral was yesterday in Philly. HARRlSON: And you were there. CARL: lt was a beautiful ceremony. So you couldn't have been in McKinley Park last night. CARL: Pardon? ls that.... My wife's ashes. She asked that they be scattered here. [Harrison sputters] l'm sorry about the mixup, but l've gotta go. Carl's not our guy. He was in Philly when the murder occurred. You're positive? l've got his wife's ashes to prove it. On my hand. That leaves the guy with the pickup truck. What cabin is he in? l'll check him out. We should switch up. Kevin made it clear he doesn't want me around. l'll take Kevin. You take the other guy. -lf you see anything suspicious-- -l'll scream like a little girl. l'll come find you. Whichever. [Woman screaming on TV] [Knocking at door] LlNDSAY: Come in. Hey. Come on in, have a seat. l was just wondering if you'd heard anything from Tru or Harrison. LlNDSAY: Zilch. You? LUC: Nothing. Some Valentine's Day. lt could be worse. We could be single. ln which case, l'd probably be moping around my apartment right now... watching dopey Meg Ryan movies and eating ice cream. Damn, l wish l was single. l hope you don't mind me asking, but what set off the big fight? LlNDSAY: Sorry? LUC: The fight. Tru told me about it. You and Harrison are fighting, right? No, you and Tru are the ones fighting, right? LUC: No. [Cell phone ringing] TRU: Right on time, Davis. Tell me something good. DAVlS: The lab guys just finished analyzing the residue on the paper heart. TRU: <i>And?</i> They identified the substance as tobacco flakes. Tar and nicotine levels are consistent with a certain brand of cigarettes: BuIIseye Lights. So keep an eye out for smokers. Got it. Thanks. There's more. l did a little research this afternoon on our serial killer. The cops are trying to keep this quiet. lt turns out there were five murders over the last two years. All with the same M.O. AII five occurred on or around VaIentine's Day. So he's killed even more people than we thought? Wonderful. Say the word, and l'll meet you there. TRU: <i>There's no way you'd make it in time.</i> Just sit tight. l'll call you if l need anything. [Tense instrumental music] LUC: You want to tell me what you think you're doing? -Luc, what are you-- -You're the one breaking into a pickup. So you answer my question first. l was turning the lights off. He left them on, and l just didn't want it to kill the battery. l guess you and Harrison worked everything out. l guess you and Harrison worked everything out. Yeah, it wasn't easy, but l think l finally got through to him. l talked to Lindsay. [Tense instrumental music] We know you guys lied to us. -Luc, you don't understand. -No, l think l do. This is the part where you tell me your life's really complicated, right? That you take off without explanation, and l just have to deal with it. TRU: No, l just-- LUC: Here l am... thinking you're the most amazing girl l've gotten to know in a long time. And the truth is l don't really know you at all. [Sad instrumental music] Luc. Next time you break into a man's vehicle... don't get into a shouting match outside his cabin. lt tends to wake a body up. l know what you're up to, and l'm warning you. -Stay away from Kevin Rafferty. -What? You heard me. [Coughs] You're the second person l met today that smokes that brand. -These aren't yours? -Of course not. l've got severe asthma. l can't smoke. HANK: Damn it. lf these aren't yours, then whose are they? Kevin's. He probably dropped them getting out of the truck. TRU: Kevin's? [Tense instrumental music] HARRlSON: There you are. l was just gonna come look for you. Save it, okay? l don't know what you and Tru are up to, and l don't even want to know. But whatever it is, l'm sure it's mostly your fault. HARRlSON: Whoa, whoa. Calm down. LlNDSAY: First thing in the morning, you'll take me home. HARRlSON: But, baby-- LlNDSAY: No, Harrison, really. No buts. LlNDSAY: And no more of your stories. This time, we're through. [Sighs] Uh, Kevin? [Tense instrumental music] Damn it. Terbutaline. That's only prescribed for people with life-threatening asthma. -So the cigarettes belong to Kevin? -Right. DAVlS: <i>Which makes him the seriaI kiIIer.</i> TRU: Right again. Well, if Kevin is the serial killer, then who killed Kevin? l'm thinking maybe Kevin went looking for another victim last night. And that victim turned the tables on him. Right. The only question now is who. [Tense instrumental music] Come on. You've gotta be kidding me. KEVlN: Locked out? Yeah, you work here? My sister owns the place. She went for a walk, but l was just about to go find her. lf you want to come with, l'll get you another key. You are a lifesaver. Lead the way. [Tense instrumental music intensifies] [Dramatic instrumental music] [Tense instrumental music] TRU: The guy with the pickup isn't the serial killer. Kevin is. -What? -There are two killers. Kevin killed the girl in McKinley Park, and someone else killed him last night. Davis and l think it must be someone he attacked. That doesn't make what l have to tell you any easier. -Kevin took off. l lost him. -You what? And Lindsay stopped by to chew me out. l only took my eyes off him for two seconds. Great. That means he's still in danger. So what if he's in danger? The guy's a serial killer. Let's knock off and let nature take its course. You don't get it. Everything you and l did today... that we didn't do yesterday, it changed fate. So? So things might play out differently this time. Maybe the person Kevin attacks doesn't fend him off tonight. Maybe that person dies instead of him. CARL: Evening. -Carl, buddy, what's shaking? -l was about to ask you the same question. l just saw your lady friend walking off with another fellow. What? Who? Eileen's brother. She introduced me once, l forget his name. Which direction did they go? [Tense instrumental music] And then, as if things weren't bad enough... he leaves me sitting in the room alone for three hours and.... LlNDSAY: Are you sure this is the way your sister went? l want you to meet someone. My girlfriend, Amanda. [Eerie instrumental music] We never spent a Valentine's Day apart. This is a joke, right? She died three years ago. A car crash. Have you ever lost someone close to you? lt changes you. KEVlN: lt separates you from other people. They say they're sorry. They bring flowers, they send cards. But they don't really understand what you're going through. KEVlN: They don't know what it meant to lose her. That's why l do this. So that other people will know what it feels like. l want them to understand, just like... the people who love you are going to understand. LlNDSAY: Oh, my God! [Dramatic instrumental music] Are you all right? Yeah, l think so. You okay? [Tense instrumental music] So l guess we finally figured out who iced the guy. Yeah, l guess. lt's just.... What? Are you okay? Sorry, this place is just sort of creepy. No, it couldn't have been Lindsay. l saw her yesterday just before l found the body. She was fine. So who the hell killed this guy? [Suspenseful instrumental music] You. TRU: The killer has to be someone who knew the truth. LlNDSAY: He said that was his girlfriend. What was that, sweetie? He said that was his girlfriend. [Suspenseful instrumental music] He told me he was meeting his girlfriend. He hadn't mentioned it to me. Eileen. She was covering for him. KEVlN: You always looked after me. You always took care of me. PIease don't stop now, aII right? KiII me. Kill me before l hurt someone else, please. l can't. l'm your sister. l love you. lf that's true, then you will put an end to all of this. Once and for all, l'm begging you. Kevin. Please. Don't do it, Eileen. [Tense instrumental music] l would never. ElLEEN: He's my brother. How long have you been protecting him? ElLEEN: l haven't. He confessed everything to me just before you came to the cabin. l begged him to go to the police, but he promised he wouldn't kill again. l believed it, until l saw him following your friend. [Crying] And then l knew he couldn't stop. Do it, please! Kill me, please, before l kill again. No, l can't. l'm sorry. ElLEEN: But we'll get you help. The best doctors. l don't want their help. l wanted yours, but if you can't-- No, Kevin, don't. Please! You're all l have. TRU: l gotta be honest. l don't even know if you deserve to live. But l know if you go through with it... you're not just killing yourself. You're killing her, too. [Tense instrumental music] Thank you. LlNDSAY: So let me see if l've got this straight. Tru overheard this psycho confessing a murder to his sister this afternoon. And instead of going to the police-- Which she couldn't do because the phones were down. Right. She went to you. [Harrison grunts affirmatively] So why didn't you tell me and Luc? We didn't want you getting all freaked out. Well, maybe if l was a little more freaked out... l wouldn't have gone for a walk with the guy. l can't believe l almost broke up with you tonight. LlNDSAY: What you did for me... l didn't think a man could be that brave. Look, l know l screwed up. No, lives were at stake. You did something good. But for reasons l may never understand, you felt like you couldn't come to me. -l was trying to protect you. -l didn't need you to protect me. l never did. What l needed was for you to let me in. To be a part of your life. But now.... God, after this.... Luc, please. lt won't happen again. lt will. [Sad instrumental music] Maybe not the same way, but it will. 'Cause we're going in circles here, Tru. We're running into the same problem over and over again. l just don't think one more chance is gonna change that. [Sad instrumental music continues] l went through hell this weekend. And for what? To save the life of a serial killer. Now he's in prison. Some people would say that's worse than death. All l wanted was two days, Davis. Two lousy days away from this job and this thing that l do. But l couldn't get away. lt followed me, and it cost me Luc because l couldn't tell him the truth. You have a calling. TRU: A calling is something you're destined to do. Something that gives your life meaning, that makes you happy. What l do feels more like a curse. [Davis sighs] Look, you were chosen for a reason. DAVlS: Whoever gave you this gift knew what they were doing. They saw the same things in you that l see in you: strength, compassion, conviction. Curse or calling, love it or hate it, you are the right person for the job.