This is Mr. Harper. He will be interviewing to replace Gardez. Hey. Jack. Thanks for making me feel so welcome. lt's never easy being the new guy. -Do you like working here? -Actually, l do. l understand. You do? Not everyone does. That's because most people believe that only the living need help. l just can't get a read on him, for some reason. lt's like one minute he's in your face and almost obnoxious. The next, he's charming, trying to be your best friend. When Jack committed himself, he thought he was going crazy. Going crazy how? He thought he was reliving days. Like me? Exactly like you. [Dramatic instrumental music] [Soft instrumental music] Come on. You've got to let me talk to him. He was in a psych ward, Tru. He was diagnosed as being delusional. And so would l, if l'd gone to a doctor claiming to be reliving days. But what makes you so sure he's not just like me? And out of all the gin joints in the world, he walks into mine. -l did. -You were meant to. Maybe he was meant to, but we won't find out unless l talk to him. And say what? ''How about this whole reliving days thing?'' TRU: Yeah, why not? lf it's true, he'd be relieved to know that there's someone like him. The way you are? Okay. Yeah, sure. TRU: lt would be nice to have someone to share the responsibility with. What if he's been doing it for a while? He may know more than we do. That's assuming we can trust his answers. Come on, Davis. You don't trust the waitress to give you decaf till you see what pot she uses. DAVlS: Coffee's important to me. And so are you. You know l'm gonna have to talk to him soon. l know. [Gasps] [Tense instrumental music] [Panting] [Groans] WOMAN: Oh, my God! MAN: Call <i>9</i>1 1 . [Tense instrumental music intensifies] [Theme music] Help me. [Pop song playing softly on radio] Tru. Hi. You must be Randall. l've been hearing about you all week. l can't stay. l have to get back to work. But first, Lindsay tells me it's absolutely vital that you like me. So what can l do? You can leave, so we can start talking about you. RANDALL: All right. -Bye. -Bye. -Bye. -Bye. LlNDSAY: Here, hold my cell. Okay, what's going on? Remember how we always said when someone proposed to us... we'd call the other one and the first thing we'd say was, ''Don't drop the phone.'' -Well, don't drop the phone. -No. Yes! He asked me last night. He wants to get married this weekend. What did you say? l asked for more time. Do you love him? Yeah, l think l might. LlNDSAY: God, am l crazy? lt's not like he's a total stranger. We dated that semester abroad-- But you've only been back together for a week. Great. So we both agree l'm totally crazy. No, not if you asked for time to think about it. l did. LlNDSAY: l told him l'd let him know by the end of the day. You okay? lf by ''okay,'' you mean 25 minutes late for work, yeah. But if you're on your way out, avoid downtown. -Construction? -No, there was a bad accident. The radio said a dump truck plowed into the Number 6 bus. -There's all kinds of gridlock. -Are we expecting any bodies? l wouldn't be surprised. Do you ever notice how we always end up in this hallway at the same time? Maybe someone is trying to tell us something. [Romantic instrumental music] Anyways, l know you're in a rush. -Right, yes. l'll see you later. -Okay. So, you probably heard. A certain lovely young woman has seen the error of her ways... and is returning into the arms of her man, Harrison Davies. Who are we talking about here? Who are we talking about? Lindsay, of course. HARRlSON: She left a message. She needs to talk. -lt's reconciliation time, baby. -You never know. A message like that could mean a lot of things. You should've heard her voice. l could hear how much she cares about me. -Harr. -Yeah? She's thinking about getting married to someone else. What? [Somber instrumental music] Why would you say that? TRU: His name's Randall Thompson... and they've been seeing each other for a week. A week? She just met the guy. Actually, they dated when she was studying abroad... and now he's an investment banker at Burkess and Wells.... Come on. What's he after? Not everyone's on the scam, Harry. [Rhythmic instrumental music] He's Euro, right? l'm sure a green card would make it real easy for him in this country. You've never met him. HARRlSON: Don't have to. He's working an angle... so he can keep doing this investment banking crap on this side of the Atlantic. lt doesn't matter what you or l think. This is Lindsay's decision. Stay out of it, Harr. Dr. Frank Colvin, mid-40s, victim of a heart attack. Dropped on the street a couple of hours ago. TRU: Time of death? JACK: <i>8</i>:10 a.m. Sorry about crashing here after the late shift last night. You guys should try sleeping on that sofa in there. l swear, this guy's the only guy in here who feels worse than l do this morning. [Rhythmic instrumental music] What, did l miss a memo? [Phone ringing] -That's probably not important. -l can handle everything in here. You sure? [Phone continues ringing] You know, Davis is an interesting guy. But why do l get the feeling we'll come here one morning... and all the corpses are gonna be dressed up for an imaginary tea party? Tru, l can appreciate the silent treatment as well as anyone else... but what's going on? l can't even piss you off lately. [Somber instrumental music] See, you want the truth. -Davis and l, we-- -Let me save you the tap dance. This is about the letter l got from the Schenkman Center last week? -Partly. -l had a feeling. -Look, l can explain that. -You don't have to. Why? Because l know it can be kind of hard to explain. Jack, what you thought was happening to you... it happens to me. [Tense instrumental music] l think we should go get a drink. JACK: You know, l had my suspicions about you. Running off all the time, the way you're so invested in these people's lives. -Why didn't you say anything? -Why didn't you? -lt's just, l can't believe-- -That there's two of us. l know. l can't believe l'm finally talking to someone who doesn't think l'm crazy. -How sick are you of having-- -The same conversation... over and over again. TRU: And then having to act surprised, like you hadn't heard it. -''Oh, my God. No way.'' -''So interesting.'' -So when did it start? -For me, it started a while ago. l woke up after a near-death experience... and found that it was the same day over again. And now l had this job to do. What about you? Almost a year ago now. On the anniversary of my mother's death. Really? Your mother? So bodies ask for your help, too? Yeah, although it hasn't been happening lately. Now l understand why. Obviously, they prefer to go to you. Can't say l blame them. But you've gotta admit, it's pretty amazing. TRU: Being able to save people's lives, to change things, make things right. ls that what we're doing? l guess l just wonder sometimes. -About? -Consequences. Ripples in fate. JACK: How what we do affects others. MAN: Jimmy, l got some seats over here. There's a dartboard over there. Let's go play. So, who else knows about you? First l told Harrison, and then Davis. JACK: You told Davis? He figured it out on his own. He's really helped me navigate this. At least now l understand why you're single. What's that supposed to mean? JACK: You told Luc and he bolted, right? First of all, nobody bolted. lt just wasn't working. Second of all, l never told him. Because you were afraid he'd bolt, right? TRU: Who have you told? JACK: Me? Nobody. lt tends to make things complicated. [Pager beeping] Speaking of bolting, l got a pickup. Well, thanks. God, it's so nice to know l'm not in this alone. Yeah. l'll see you later tonight. JACK: Or depending on the body, maybe l'll see you this morning. Okay. Hey, Lindsay. l did it. l finally made up my mind about Randall's proposal. And? l said no. And he said goodbye. He's such a great guy, Tru. lt just felt too fast. l am sure that you did the right thing. The day will come when you'll tell me not to drop the phone again... and then it'II be the right guy, the one who was meant to be. You really believe that? Of course, rebound girl. Thanks, Tru. Good night. Good night. DAVlS: Someone's got a little extra bounce in their step. Someone's got a little tequila in their system. But more importantly, l talked to Jack. -And? -He's just like me. He understands everything l've been going through because he does it, too. -You told him about you? -Of course. Was he surprised? l guess. Just getting it out there was so liberating. TRU: And he brought up something interesting. He asked if l ever thought about how what we do could have a ripple affect. Well, yes. Every time you save someone, it changes the course of history. DAVlS: You not only affect that life... but the lives of everyone that person will touch. DAVlS: Tru, the power that you have is awesome: to change history for the better. [Serious instrumental music] What is it? lt's just the way he was talking about it. l'm not so sure Jack always thinks it's for the better. Could l get a hand out here? l got a body. Suicide, found over at Chelsea River. What's going on with the good doctor? No one came to claim him? -That's kind of sad. -Yeah, it is sad. What? Nothing. You told him, didn't you? lt's okay. You can trust him. TRU: Here, let me help you with the body. COLVlN: <i>Wait.</i> BOTH: What? DAVlS: l didn't say.... Here we go. [Suspenseful instrumental music] Help them. [Dramatic instrumental music] [Fast-paced instrumental music] [Phone ringing] Jack? TRU: <i>Did you?</i> JACK: Yeah. Looks like they're playing our song. [Dramatic instrumental music] So, what do you remember about the doctor? 6' tall, mid 40s, dark blond hair. lt's <i>8</i>:02. You said Colvin died around <i>8</i>:10? According to witnesses. Do you remember where you picked him up? Tru, l've never been much of a morning person. TRU: <i>Come on, Jack.</i> JACK: 3rd and Cliffwood. TRU: <i>East or West?</i> -East. -Meet you there. [Fast-paced instrumental music] -East 3rd and Cliffwood. Where is he? -l don't know. lt's <i>8</i>:0<i>9</i>. He should be here. -What? -lt might have been West 3rd. [Fast-paced instrumental music continues] TRU: Excuse me. [Serious instrumental music] [Serious instrumental music] l'm calling it. <i>8</i>:10 a.m. -That man is dead because of me. -That's not true. l could've sworn it was East 3rd. -We can't always be perfect. -Have you ever lost anyone? Yes. l understand how you feel. lt's hard to believe anyone understands how l feel. Dr. Frank Colvin. He's the one that asked for help? Yeah, we didn't make it to him on time. DAVlS: What do you mean by ''we''? TRU: Jack and l. -Together? -Yeah. Thus the ''and.'' So you guys talked? Right. Sorry, l told you yesterday. Of course, you don't remember. Jack and l spoke. And, Davis, he is another me. Really? He said that? lt's incredible, isn't it? Yeah, it's incredible. Just one sec. [Cell phone ringing] lt's Lindsay. l'm supposed to be meeting Randall. This guy proposed to her. Go ahead, you can take the call. That's okay. l'll call her back. Now, about what you're not saying.... l don't get it. There was two of you, and you still couldn't save him? Jack got the street wrong. -Right. Wrong street. -Seriously, it was an honest mistake. When did you last make a mistake that cost someone their life? -Why are you being so hard on him? -Why aren't you? You beat yourself up over the slightest misstep. You're gonna give Jack a free pass over someone's life? l told you, it wasn't his fault. [Tense instrumental music] What's going on with you, anyway? Can't you just be happy for me that l found Jack... or does every silver lining have to have a cloud? -Sometimes it does. -l'm sorry, l can't live like that. l have to take victories where l can find them. Since when is losing someone considered a victory? JACK: He's right, Tru. Maybe we just have to admit we lost this round. l don't think that we have. lt's good to see we're all on the same page again. -You were saying? -l don't think this is over yet. Dr. Colvin died of a massive heart attack. We couldn't have stopped that even if we got there on time. And he said, ''Help them,'' not ''help me.'' Maybe he was supposed to die. JACK: lnteresting. TRU: Everyone asks for help for a reason. We just have to find out what his reason was. [Serious instrumental music] You got something to add, Davis? l was thinking, if every rewind is a matter of life and death... and the doctor said, ''Help them,'' you have to figure... there's at least one person connected to this man who will die today. Maybe more. The question is: Who is it, and can you find them before it's too late? Since no one claimed the body yesterday, we should start with the next of kin. [Serious instrumental music continues] Lindsay, you're my best friend, and l believe in you. Somehow, l know you'll make the right decision about Randall today. All right? l'll call you later. Bye. How'd it sound? Too surprised? Not surprised enough? lt was perfect. l almost thought you were worried she might say yes. Not today. So, you think the doctor's son is the one we're supposed to save? He's the next of kin and his only family. [Bell buzzing] Can l help you? Are you Marc Colvin? Yeah. We work at the morgue downtown... and l'm sorry to have to tell you this... but your father passed away this morning. Heart attack. Yeah, it would be. We were wondering if you'd mind coming down to the morgue to claim the body. l'd rather not. Thank you for telling me about it, though. But you're his son. [Soft instrumental music] My father and l weren't very close. lt's none of your business, but he didn't exactly approve of me. Since Frank Colvin never claimed me as a son... l don't think l should have to be the one to claim him now. MARC: Why don't you try his office? That's where he lived most of his life. HARRlSON: What's up, doc? DAVlS: God! [Upbeat instrumental music] ls Tru around? No, she's out in the field. Can l take a message? l wanted to tell her in person. l'll tell you anyway. l've got some great news about Lindsay. She already knows about that. How does she know? l just got the message. DAVlS: Because Tru has been talking to Lindsay about the guy all week. What guy? The guy that Lindsay is thinking of marrying. [Stuttering] l didn't say anything about marriage. This is awkward, isn't it? Only if you don't keep talking. Come on, Davis. What guy? Randall Thompson, l think. An investment banker with an lrish accent, which women find so appealing. l don't understand why accents have such an effect... because when you think about-- He's foreign. He's from another country. He just lives here. Suddenly, he just pops the question and asks some chick to marry him? Hello? What does that say to you? That he's impulsive and likes to travel. WOMAN: No, l'm actually a referral. Dr. Colvin left me a message asking me to come by today. GRACE: Dr. Colvin's office, this is Grace. Can you hold, please? GRACE: Miss Casola, the doctor will be here soon. Please take a seat and wait. He said 10:00 a.m. l've been waiting. You know what? Forget it. GRACE: Sorry about that, Mrs. Hoffman. Your test results will be in this afternoon, and l'll have him call you first thing. Okay, bye. Hi, how can l help you? My name is Jack Harper, and we're with the city morgue. l'm sorry to be the one to tell you this... but Dr. Colvin died from a heart attack at around <i>8</i>:00 a.m. We were wondering if someone from this office... could come down to the morgue to identify the body. Right. [Somber instrumental music] GRACE: We need to close for the day. Look in the doctor's book... and call anyone who's scheduled for an appointment? Lily is probably still waiting for him. Someone should probably tell her. Lily? She's a waitress at the coffee shop across the street. She's going to community college... and Frank was tutoring her. TRU: Let us help you. lt's on the way. We'll tell her. So, you think this girl might be one of ''them''? You said it yourself. Ripples. One person's life touches so many others. How many lives did Dr. Colvin touch? And if Davis is right, which one of them is gonna die today? LlLY: Oh, my God. -What happened? -He had a heart attack. l served him coffee every morning for over a year. LlLY: One day he saw me drawing... a sketch of the human anatomy from my biology text. He corrected me. [Sentimental instrumental music] On what? He told me the left lung is smaller than the right lung... to make room for the heart. LlLY: He said that that's how he'd remembered it... because it's like life. The heart always comes first. Excuse me. [Sentimental instrumental music continues] The man Lily knew and the man his son knew were two different people. You know how families are. They always save the most dysfunctional stuff for each other. JACK: Hey, man, Lily left her book here. You can probably catch her at the bus stop. TRU: Which one? WAlTER: Down the block. The Number 6. A bad accident. The radio said a dump truck plowed into the Number 6 bus. TRU: Yesterday there was an accident. JACK: Lily's bus? [Suspenseful instrumental music] There it is. [Tense instrumental music] TRU: Wait, stop! JACK: Stop the bus! TRU: Hold on! JACK: Lily! TRU: Stop the bus! JACK: Wait! TRU: Jack, no! [Brakes screeching] Jack, what the hell were you thinking? [Horn blaring] Are you telling me... you've never jumped in front of an oncoming vehicle to save someone? Are you okay? l think so. You forgot this. Thank you. DAVlS: So Jack stopped the bus. Okay. That's okay. You're allowed to be wrong about him. l forgive you. -All right, what now? -That's the thing. Yesterday you and l talked about how one life touches so many others. TRU: How do l know this is what Dr. Colvin meant when he said, ''Help them''? Anybody die in the accident yesterday? That's just it. Luc wasn't sure. Although Jack thinks-- Jack thinks? What do you think? What l was gonna tell you, if you'd let me... was that Jack and l were talking about lives touching-- You told Jack about what we talked about? Come on, it's not as if it was classified. l didn't even know that you talked to me about it until now. What's with you? Why are you acting like this? l know it must be a big relief to share this with someone. But ever since you learned the truth about Jack... you're walking around with blinders on, which is exactly what l think he wants. Please don't tell me you're jealous. l'm not jealous. -l'm skeptical, which you used to be. -What's there to doubt? Jack's practically proven that he's here to help. -Has he? -He jumped in front of a bus. To stop an accident, which you just said yourself... might not have killed anyone. You have to ask yourself, ''Why Jack? Why now?'' Why would the two of you be in the same place at the same time? I know that you don't want to be aIone in this... but something here isn't right. And something about him isn't right. [Tense instrumental music] [Dramatic instrumental music] [Rhythmic instrumental music] You okay? Fine. My mind's just on other things. You feel like sharing? l just want to follow up a little on Dr. Colvin's call for help. Tru, we saved a busload of people. Our work here is done. You've got to learn to take yes for an answer. The son might know something. l just want to try him again. -All right, let me grab my stuff. -No, it's fine. l got it. No reason for both of us to be obsessive, right? MARC: Why should l waste my time? GRACE: Because it's the right thing to do. You're his son. MARC: l needn't pretend it meant more to me than it did to him. GRACE: Can't you, just for today, do this one little thing for him? TRU: l'm sorry to intrude. You again. TRU: Your father's body is still unclaimed, and nobody's even come to identify it. What, you both go to the same school of etiquette? -l have my reasons. Good ones. -We're not here to judge. You didn't know my father. He was the man who convinced a 15-year-old kid that he was a failure... because he wanted to do something other than follow in his father's footsteps. lt was years before l realized that ''artist'' didn't mean ''disappointment.'' Okay, so your father wasn't a saint. But he tried to help people. Did you know he was tutoring someone? A girl in junior college? Really? Was she studying biology? Something medical? [Soft instrumental music] MARC: Yeah. Dad was a decent guy if you met his expectations, but if not.... Let's just say that l know how it feels to go unclaimed. Excuse me. [Soft instrumental music continues] He wouldn't return my phone calls. l just wanted to ask him to help me choose a mortuary... pick out one of Frank's suits. All the things that should be done by family. l guess l am alone in this. Help them. No, you're not. -You Randall Thompson? -How'd you.... Where's my assistant? -Sit down. This will only take a second. -Who are you? Harrison Davies. RANDALL: Lindsay's Harrison. HARRlSON: Right. l'm only gonna say this once. You listen up. lf you think you can take this sweet, innocent girl... get some green card, and break her heart... l don't care where you go, l don't care what you do... but l'll find you and break you. [Rhythmic instrumental music] My grandfather gave this to my grandmother when they got engaged. My grandfather gave this to my grandmother when they got engaged. My father gave it to my mother. l was hoping to get it resized so that Lindsay could wear it... when we move to London. [Sentimental instrumental music] London? The firm's sending me back. l've been promoted. And l want to take Lindsay with me... as my wife. See, l don't need a green card. l need her. l keep seeing him all day. Ever since you told me. lt happens for a while. After my mom died, l saw her all the time. At the grocery store, in the carpool line at school. lt will stop. What if l don't want it to? Gardenias. Frank gave them to me for my birthday. This may be none of my business but.... [Sentimental instrumental music] l loved him. Did he know? l never said anything... but somehow l always thought there would be time... to let him know what he meant to me. [Crying] There is no time, is there? Frank was always doing things like this: taking on other doctors' lost causes, helping people. ''Lost causes''? Meaning terminals? Her HCG levels were elevated, which usually signifies inoperable cancer. But Dr. Colvin ordered additional tests to be run on her blood samples. May l see that? [Suspenseful instrumental music] According to this, the patient recently suffered a miscarriage. TRU: Pregnancy would cause her levels to be off. That means she was misdiagnosed by her previous doctor. She's not going to die. l'm sure Frank meant to tell her. TRU: ''Nadine Casola.'' GRACE: Miss Casola, the doctor will be here soon. Please take a seat. She was in your office today, but she left. -Yes. -So she still believes she's dying. Grace, you have to call her. She needs to hear this news right now. Please. Oh, dear. lt's ringing. -There's no answer. -Keep calling. TRU: Hello? JACK: Sounds like you're in a rush. The son put you onto something? TRU: <i>I know who was supposed to die.</i> Nadine Casola. A suicide. She was misdiagnosed. l'm on my way to the.... l got a body. Suicide, found at Chelsea River. Wait a minute. You picked her up yesterday. The suicide at CheIsea River. Why didn't you say anything on seeing her at the doctor's office? Maybe l just didn't recognize her. Sometimes suicides don't look all neat and tidy when you get to the scene, Tru. A life is in danger. Can't we argue about this later? Wait, Jack. Why didn't you tell me what you knew? l've got to go, Tru. My cell's dying. [Tense instrumental music] [Dramatic instrumental music] [Phone ringing] [Tense instrumental music] Nadine! JACK: We're too late. -l gotta see for myself. -Why are you being like this? -l'm trying to do my job. -So am l. You don't want me to save her. You want her to die. -So help me God, if you don't let go! -Tru, think a minute. Nadine Casola is supposed to die. Why should you change that? Because someone asked me to. Because l can. That's not good enough. You have no idea what you're doing. lf you save someone who shouldn't be here, there are consequences. Do you think l'm messing up some grand plan? Maybe l am the plan! lf someone needs my help, l am not gonna stand by and watch. And l'm not gonna stop you. This time. [Tense instrumental music continues] What did you do? You're okay. You're gonna be okay. Stay with me, okay? lt's gonna be all right. Come on, Nadine. lt's okay. You're gonna be fine. TRU: Yes, l want to report an emergency. l need an ambulance. TRU: l have an overdose. She's still breathing. You're gonna be fine, Nadine. HARRlSON: Hi. What are you.... l never returned your key. LlNDSAY: Harrison, tonight isn't-- HARRlSON: l heard about the proposal. And? And l checked this guy out. -l know it pisses you off. -Harrison. You need to know something... before you make a mistake that you'll regret for the rest of your life. You should go. You shouldn't be here. HARRlSON: Say yes. Say yes. [Sentimental instrumental music] HARRlSON: He is the real deal. He's the better guy. A better guy than l could be for you. At least, right now. And he really loves you. Say yes. [Sentimental instrumental music continues] [Lindsay crying] Thank you. l see you chose the suit. He wore it one night when he was going to a concert. He looked very distinguished. l still want to help. lf there's anything l can do.... [Knocking at door] Hi. Grace? LlLY: l'm Lily. l came to give back Dr. Colvin's book. Please. Hi. Hi. -Here. -Thank you. Frank spoke so highly of you. You, too. Did you like the gardenias? How did you know about that? God, he agonized over which ones to get you: gardenias, roses. He finally chose gardenias because of what they meant. Unspoken love. [Sentimental instrumental music] l'll put this in his medical collection. lt was very nice to finally meet you. l'm really sorry it had to be this way. lt's so ironic. Frank touched so many people. And the one person he wanted to help the most, he couldn't. -You mean.... -His son. GRACE: Frank just never knew how to tell him. [Sentimental instrumental music continues] Thanks for coming. You said on the phone l had to sign something, then this would be over. Right, a notarized statement. l get your signature, we can release the body... and you'll never have to think of your father again. GRACE: Please, come in. MARC: Grace, l've got a lot of work to do. She told me that this whole thing was gonna just take a few.... [Sentimental instrumental music] He's been buying them from galleries for years. l don't.... He wanted to be with you. This was as cIose as he couId get. l thought that he didn't.... Why didn't he say anything? Maybe he thought there was time. TRU: Hey, stranger. We've gotta stop meeting like this. Do we? -Tru, l understand-- -l got something pointed out to me today. We never have as much time as we think. Meaning? l don't want to stand around and wait for someday to come. l want to make it work with us. l understand that you're serious. But what's different now that's gonna make things better between us? LUC: Unless there's something you want to say that you couldn't or wouldn't before... what's gonna keep us from going in the same circles? This time there is something different. [Soft instrumental music] This weekend, let's talk. TRU: About everything. Okay. [Soft instrumental music continues] TRU: l tried to call, but you weren't around. l saved a life today. That's good. Jack tried to stop me. TRU: You were right, Davis... and l should've listened. But l didn't want to hear what you were saying. So l'm just really sorry that-- -l'm sorry, too. l just kind of lost-- -Davis, just let me do this, okay? You said that l'm different because of this gift that l have... and l've gotten to a place where l can accept that. But what l don't want to be is alone. And l wanted so badly to believe in Jack... that l ignored the one person who's been with me all along. [Soft instrumental music] l needed to know there was someone else out there who was like me. But Jack, he's not even close. No, he's not. lt's not just supernatural theory. lt's scientific fact. From Eastern philosophy to Newton's Third Law of Motion... they all say the same thing. That every force has an equal and opposite force. l should've said something sooner, but l didn't have any real proof until today. You're right about Jack. He is not like you. He is the opposite of you. -You save lives and he....