you know? lt's always.... -What's going on? -Come on. lt's time. -Okay. Call me. -l will. She's not gonna call me. Move. Watch it! l didn't miss it, did l? Did l miss it? No, you did not. - Where the hell is Blake? - Late. -Why should tonight be different? -Because it's our last night together. BLAKE: Hey, sorry l'm late. - l ran into my ex. ETHAN: Which one? To be honest, l can't even tell them apart no more. All right, glasses up. Gentlemen, it took us four years. Excuse me, Ethan, five. But as of tonight, we are free men. The scenery may change, but our friendship won't. To the best night of our lives! [All cheering] [Suspenseful instrumental music] Pretty out here. l should get outside more often. Harrison, l came here to talk. Okay, someone dies, asks for help, and you repeat a day. There, we talked. Not quite what l meant by talking. We all have our things: HARRlSON: Meredith has her drugs, l have.... l got everything else. And you got this: your strange belief that you go back a day and save innocent lives. l know where it comes from. No one expected you to save her, Tru. This is not about our mother. l took a semester of psych back in high school. HARRlSON: lt's always about someone's mother. Maybe you should just try and leave the past alone. l can't... because it won't leave me alone. [Theme music] Help me. [Door opening] [Pop music playing softly] Who would have thought of hiding the spare under the doormat? You might consider a lighting fixture. Both unique and efficient. Please tell me you brought coffee. Blueberry Danish, tuna, dry on whole-wheat... and a veggie burrito from that place you like on Larkin. With your bizarre hours, l couldn't decide what meal you'd be on by now. You are a good woman. So, how are you? -Pick a subject. -l'll take ''Boys'' for $200. Okay, l know Evans didn't end well, but you have to get back out there. l just read in a very legitimate publication... that one out of every seven guys is a keeper. More like one in a million. Look, l gotta shower. ls there anything you want to say to me? Yes. Thank you for my breakfast goodies. You're welcome. That's what friends are for. Nasty. WHlSPERlNG VOlCE: Tru. [Tense instrumental music] Gardez? [Tru screams] Oh, my God! [Laughing] ls everything all right here? Yeah, Gardez is an ass. Everything's normal. -You should've seen the look on her face. -Hysterical. GARDEZ: Tru, come on. Lighten up. [Pager beeping] Looks like l got a pickup. A real one. -You okay? -Yeah, whatever. Davis, do you think he's right? Do you think l take everything too seriously? Gardez sees dead bodies. You see the people they used to be. He doesn't understand that. But you do? Just don't let him get to you. [Soft instrumental music] MEREDlTH: Hi, come on in. l know we're all working late these days, Meredith... but the firm's board is insisting... that we implement a random drug-testing program for our employees. Now? Unbelievable. Can l have my assistant back when he's done? Actually, we're all being tested. Liability issue. [Slow instrumental music] BOSS: Just check in at the table in front of the restrooms. Yeah, sure. Nice. Did l do that yesterday? Harrison. lt's a reasonable question, for someone like you. -You gotta admit, it's frigging weird. -l told you, not every day repeats. ln fact, most of them don't. HARRlSON: That's too bad. 'Cause if your little fantasy was real, today would be a hell of a day to do over. -What do you mean? -You know, the whole Meredith thing. HARRlSON: She didn't tell you? Drug test at her office today. She failed it and they fired her. Oh, my God. HARRlSON: So you see my point? You could actually go back today, bail Meredith out... and we wouldn't be having this conversation. Harrison, l can't control when it happens. So what do we do? TRU: Nothing tonight. We'll check in with her tomorrow. See how she's doing. What if tomorrow is just today all over again? Bite me, Harrison. DAVlS: Can l ask you a question? Sure, Davis, anything. Does this lab coat make me look portly? No, you look fine. l just overheard you mention that black was more.... l think you called it ''slimming.'' DAVlS: l was gonna see if they came in a different color, maybe. Gardez must have been driving all over the city. Actually, they all came in on the same pickup. lt's five dead males, mid-to-late-20s. Time of death is between 10:30 and 1 1 :00. l lifted the personals, if you want to start bagging. TRU: Any lDs? DAVlS: Wallets were missing. The prelim tox report shows four of them had pretty high levels of alcohol. Enough to kill them? DAVlS: Probably not. But there is something strange about this fifth guy. He had no alcohol in his system... but he did have a trace of a chemical called Avlocardyl. One of them was married. DAVlS: That's a shame. What else can you tell me? [Soft rhythmic instrumental music] TRU: And one of them was making friends. ls there anything you want to say to me? l suck. [Knocking on door] Hello. -l'm looking for Gardez. ls he.... -Out on a pickup. Can l take a message? MAN: Sure, yeah. l'm a friend of a friend. He hooked me up with a job interview... and in case l don't get the gig... l thought l'd thank him while l was still in town. Job interview. Those are always fun. What was it for? Photographer. TRU: Postmortem? Crime scene. Upstairs. Sheriff's office. Right, of course. How'd it go? l don't know. l was meeting with the Sheriff about half an hour. Then l walked out and realized l had something stuck in my teeth. Sexy. l'm not sure the Sheriff thought so. l should get your name for the message. lt's Luc, with a ''C.'' Tru, with a ''U.'' ls this man bothering you? Yes, Davis. Please have him escorted from the building. Really? TRU: No. -Davis, this is Luc. -Yeah, we met earlier. l got lost on my way to the interview. Thanks for the directions. l'm sure Gardez will be back pretty soon, if you just want to hang out till-- GHOSTLY VOlCE: <i>HeIp me.</i> [Tense instrumental music] You okay? Yeah, l'm fine. l just have to-- GHOSTLY VOlCE: <i>HeIp me.</i> Would you mind waiting here for one second? l just need to.... l'm sorry. TRU: Excuse me, Davis. She does that a lot. [Fast-paced instrumental music] -Help me. -Save us. -We need you. -Please. -Help me. [Door closes] Who would have thought of putting the spare key under the doormat? Very clever. Okay, so l brought you.... Blueberry Danish, tuna on whole-wheat, and a veggie burrito? -Okay, how'd you know that? -The same way l know it's your birthday. My God, you remembered. The sad thing is no one eIse did. -Thank you. -Of course. How could l forget? Harrison, l don't need you to believe me. l just need your help. This is the first time it wasn't just one body asking for help. lt was five. l didn't see their faces, they came with no lDs... which means it's gonna be five times harder for me to save them. l gotta be honest. lt's early in the day to have this conversation. l think one of them was poisoned, but l've no idea what happened to the others. -And you're telling me this because.... -Because l need info... and you're more familiar with this world than l am. Listen, Starsky, if you're asking me to be your Hutch... l'm gonna have to say, ''Thanks, but no, thanks.'' [Rhythmic instrumental music] TRU: Strippers, Harr? Okay. l'm in. [Pop music playing] l was wondering if you could tell me where l could find a girl named Turquoise? We don't give that information to customers. -l'm not really a customer. -You here to audition? -Do l look like a stripper to you? -A little bit. l thought you said bartenders knew everything. l got nowhere with that guy. -Did you work it? -What do you mean ''work it''? You gotta have an angle to get information, Tru. HARRlSON: By the way, that Turquoise girl you're looking for? Her real name is Tara. She's got a day job doing telemarketing in the Hancock Building. No way! Come on, Tru. You know l got a way with the ladies. My friend here toId me everything. Harrison, thank you. Seriously. l'll call you later, okay? Right, yeah. l'm right behind you. l'm just gonna.... l'm just gonna stay, and check it out here. What's up? She's right over there. WOMAN: l just need to take down your information. -Tara? -Yes. Hi, l'm putting together a little party... and was wondering if you were booked for the night? -l'm sorry? -Or are you working at the club? Why are you coming in here and asking me questions like that? l'm sorry, my bad. l didn't know how-- TARA: lt's okay. lt's just that no one here really knows what my other job is. l can relate. But anyway, l am booked for the night. Got an out-call gig. Some bachelor party at the Pierpont. A bachelor party. Would you happen to know who hired you? Everything's handled by a booking service. -Right. -Look, l gotta get back to work. TARA: Good luck with whatever it is you're planning. CONClERGE: Can l help you? TRU: l'm here about the bachelor party. Right, Room 1712. lt's called for 7:00... but the entertainment doesn't usually get here until after dark. Why does everyone think l look like a stripper? lt's a bachelor party. Who else would you be? Right, good point. So help me out, you know, to know what to expect. ls there anyone else working the party? A waiter, bartender? They've declined those options. So no one but the guests will be in the room tonight? -And you. -And me. And one more thing. l had a question for the groom, but l can't seem to find his number. lt's not our practice to give out guests' personal information. Too bad. He hadn't decided whether he wants me naughty or nice. There's no way l'll cancel my bachelor party. -lt's my last night of freedom. -No, you don't understand. GROOM: No, l think l do. Robin sent you, didn't she? TRU: No, that's not-- She hates it that l'm having this party... almost as much as she hates the guys l invited. Robin's not a fan of your friends? Okay, now this is starting to freak me out. lf Robin didn't send you, then who the hell are you? l'm with the hotel, and there's a problem with your room, sir. So they sent me personally to explain the situation. -What's wrong with the room? -We're overbooked. lt has been way too long since these guys have gotten together. There's nothing that's gonna get me to call this off. TRU: Right, but-- GROOM: Know what? l'll just call the hotel manager and straighten this out. No need. l'm sure we can figure something out. Avlocardyl? This newfound fascination... -with this obscure drug stems from-- -Homework. Just studying for the MCATs. l can save you a lot of time. This will never be on the test. -l like to be really prepared. -Okay. Avlocardyl is a white, odorless, crystalline powder that's soluble in water. -ls that better? -Much. So it can be ingested without the victim's knowledge? ln a liquid, yes. But what victim? ls there any way to tell if someone has Avlocardyl in their system? Not right away. But after two or three hours, sure. -How? -They'd be dead. l think there's something in the drinks. Only that makes sense. l have to replace all the alcohol in the suite before the boys arrive. Then l have to find out who put it there. Yeah, and this involves me how? l need you to find a girl. Her name is Robin Wilson. -Jackpot. That l can do. TRU: <i>I got her name off a bridaI registry.</i> She's gonna get married in a week-- Rewind. Married? Look, Tru, l got my hands full, you know? You've been having fun aII day. Five guys are gonna be dead by 10:30 if l don't find a way to stop it. Do l have to list the number of times l've bailed you out... -because l'm running out of time here. -Fine. But playing the guilt card's really not like you, Tru. You're starting to sound like somebody else. TRU: Who? HARRlSON: <i>Meredith.</i> To what do l owe the pleasure? Can't a girl hang out with her sister? Yeah, as long as her sister's not in the middle of a huge case, which she is. Mere, l just.... -ls everything okay? -Yeah, like l said, just busy. With you, l mean. ls everything okay with you? l love you. You know that, right? So don't take it too hard when l tell you to kiss my-- Tru, you have three looks: One is, ''Have you heard from Harrison?'' Two is, ''l miss Mom.'' And three is, ''Are you clean, Meredith?'' And judging by the downcast eyes, l'm gonna go with Number Three. l'm clean, Tru. My last slip-up was over a month ago. lt's in the past. God, leave it there. What if, l don't know... there were a random drug test today. lt could happen. Would you pass? This is ridiculous. l'd pass, Tru. That's good to hear. Sorry for doubting you. TRU: She's not with you? l figured since it was Lindsay's birthday, she might be with her sister. All right. Thanks, anyway. Bye. [Suspenseful instrumental music] Hello? Housekeeping. l have to replace all the alcohol in the suite. [Suspenseful instrumental music continues] GROOM: Here she is. HAT: Sweet. ETHAN: Yeah, it's nice. What are you doing? -l'm the bartender. HAT: Nice. [All laugh] GLASSES: This room is sick! Nice to see you again. l didn't know you were the bartender. That's funny, l could've sworn l didn't ask for one. TRU: You didn't. The hotel threw me in gratis to make up for the problem with the room. Nice. -Anyway, what would you like? GROOM: Scotch. Straight. GROOM: Gentlemen, a toast. MEN: Yes. To the best night of our lives. Cheers. BLAKE: Sorry l'm late. You know, as a rule, the best man should never be late. No one ever said l was the best. l'm just better than the rest of you idiots. GLASSES: Look at this guy. GROOM: Come here. [Tense instrumental music] Yeah, what's up? A sixth guy just showed up. HARRlSON: <i>So?</i> Only five bodies came into the morgue. TRU: Somebody here doesn't die. HARRlSON: <i>Let's say you're not crazy.</i> So the sixth guy did it? No, l never saw any of their faces. lt means any one of them could've done it. Whoever didn't come in dead, that's the kiIIer. That's a hell of a pour, girl. You do know that Seven and Seven isn't seven shots of alcohol, right? Of course. You think this is my first day? GLASSES: What's going on? You look rough. Things okay? l've just been going through some stuff. A night out with the boys is probably just what you need. Thank you. You don't think it's wrong, all of us being here together? l think what's wrong is you bringing that up. Why don't you just reIax, have another drink, and just chiII out? AII that stuff is in the past. [Suspenseful instrumental music] [Blake clears throat] -Can l get you something? -No, l'll get it myself. You don't want any of that, trust me. The hotel always buys the cheap stuff. We need to teach you to appreciate a smooth, well-aged scotch. BLAKE: So, John says you're a gift from the hotel. BLAKE: Be sure to tell your manager thanks. -No problem. -Better yet... why don't you give me his name? l'd like to do it myself. Actually, he's probably home with the wife and kids by now. But if l do my job right, l'll make sure he finds you first thing in the morning. MEN: [On TV] <i>Go!</i> MAN 1 : <i>Now do the other one.</i> MAN 2: <i>Do the other one.</i> Hey, who brought this? Ethan? Cordoza? [Somber instrumental music] [Knock on door] Hello, boys. Entertainment's here. l'm gonna go get a little more comfortable. Why don't you aII do the same thing? [Dance music playing] HAT: Shake this way. [Men laughing] HAT: All right! Everything okay? TRU: l mean, can l get you a cocktail? How about a club soda made to look like a vodka and soda? Okay. You driving or something? -No, l'm just sober. Eighteen months. -Congrats. ETHAN: l used to drink pretty hardcore back in the day. That's how l dealt with things. But l don't want to bring everybody down, you know? l'd rather keep it quiet. No traces of aIcohoI in his system. Don't worry. lt'll be our little secret. Thanks. Cheers. Would carbonation speed up the effects of Avlocardyl? l'm doing great, thanks. Did you know if you squeeze all the bacteria out of the intestines... you have enough to fill a coffee mug? Hello, Davis. Now about my question? Carbonation. Not that l know of. DAVlS: <i>I don't think....</i> Are you at a party? l'm guessing this isn't the Sheriff's office, is it? Hold on a second. lt's down the hall, up the stairs. TRU: <i>Is that Luc?</i> -Wish him luck on his interview. -Good luck on your interview. Thanks. And tell him to check his teeth. DAVlS: <i>Is he a friend of yours?</i> -Could be. Just tell him. Excuse me. You may want to check your teeth. Thanks. So, what about alcohol? How does it react with Avlocardyl? DAVlS: <i>It wouIdn't.</i> Alcohol acts as a masking agent, covering all signs of the drug in the body. So, say l would take a swig, and then have three or four martinis. DAVlS: <i>ShouId I be concerned with--</i> -lt's a simple question. Avlocardyl plus liquor equals a dead body with no traceable cause of death. They were all poisoned. The alcohol covered it up. Thanks for the assist. [Dance music continues playing] Go! Looks like somebody's married. Yeah, he's got a kid on the way, too. It means any one of them couId've done it. You don't look so hot. lf l didn't know you weren't drinking, l'd cut you off. l needed some air. lt's a tough room. You guys haven't seen each other since college, right? TRU: l mean, shouldn't this be one big, happy reunion? Right. Everyone says they're the best years of your life. lt doesn't always work out that way. Are you okay? Just some things l wish l could go back and undo, you know? Make right. Do you ever feel that way? All the time. Maybe some of these guys can deal with what happened but.... TRU: What? Did something happen back in college? -We didn't even know her name. -Who? The girl from the video? BLAKE: Hey, buddy. ETHAN: Hey, Blake. Where you been? l bought you a lap dance. She's waiting on you. Get in there. l think your break is over. MEREDlTH: Hi, come on in. l know we're all working late these days, Meredith... but the firm's board is insisting... that we implement a random drug-testing program for our employees. Unbelievable. Anyway, it shouldn't take more than a few minutes. BOSS: lf you want to check in at the table in front of the restrooms. Yeah, sure. [Slow instrumental music] No, that's fine. Her name's not Lenny. Don't worry, you've got two hours to scrape the frosting off and start over. Hey, we're taking up a collection to keep the party moving. -You seen Blake? -No. [Dance music playing] HAT: Oh, she's all snuggly. They aII got girIfriends, sweetheart. [Suspenseful instrumental music] -What are you-- -You want to tell me what this is? l was trying to keep track of your orders. l was forgetting-- l checked with the hotel. No record of them sending a bartender. -More importantly, no record of you. -All right. Nice work. l'm busted. l'm calling security and having your ass thrown out of here. TARA: Hey, knock it off! l said, stop! Get your hands off me. Come on, it's a party. -You think that's funny? You're sick. -lt's fine. He didn't mean it. Settle down. l think you're blowing this out of proportion. TARA: You know what, l'm just gonna take a couple of minutes. Cool down. [Tense instrumental music] GROOM: Nice work. TRU: Tara, are you.... Wait, what are you doing? TARA: You ask too many questions. Get out. Listen, don't do this. How did you know? WaIIets were missing. -You're just ripping them off? -What did you think l was doing? TARA: Look, l have never done this before, l swear. -Are you gonna call the cops? TRU: No. -What's that? -Tequila. l didn't bring tequila. l found it behind the bar. l've been drinking it since l got here. [Tense instrumental music] Wait a second. lf it's not in the alcohol, then what's it in? Oh, my God. There's something in the drinks. A vIocardyI is soIubIe in water. The ice. It's in the ice. -Davis, it's me. -For information, please dial 41 1 . Just one more question, l promise. ls there any way to save a person once Avlocardyl's in their system? DAVlS: <i>That must be some party.</i> Let me check. Yeah, and it looks like glucagon is the only known antidote. Do we have it at the morgue? Glucagon is a substitute for insulin... in diabetic emergencies, so we might have it in the med kit. -l think it's time you left. -Hello? Wait, you can't. You don't understand. -Something is gonna happen. BLAKE: That's right. You're gonna be escorted from the building. TRU: You're making a mistake. [Fast-paced instrumental music] DAVlS: l'm impressed. You scared the hell out of me. lt took me four months before l stole anything from the office. Davis, l'm sorry-- Tru, don't. l've been listening to your mildly entertaining stories all day. Obviously, something's up in your life. l don't know if you're in trouble. l just hope that one day you'll realize you can be honest with me. [Sentimental instrumental music] [Fast-paced instrumental music] -Maybe l didn't make myself clear. -Maybe l wasn't listening. l know something happened in college and what you're willing to do to cover up. No one knows anything except the five guys in that room. What happened to the girl? Who was she? -You can't hide from the past. -Don't you think l know that? Was it Ethan? What did he say? No, nothing. He just.... lce. l thought it was you, but you didn't plan tonight, did you? No. What does that have to do with anything? [Cell phone ringing] HARRlSON: <i>Don't know</i> what you're up to... but l finally found Robin Wilson. Only she isn't any bride. -Who's that? -What? Get off the phone. Now. She caught the guy cheating on her, called the wedding off. -That was three months ago. -Right. You've got 10 seconds to explain yourself. This isn't a bachelor party, Blake. The wedding was called off months ago. That's crazy. Why else would John want us all here? Because you share a secret he doesn't want you to tell. Whatever happened in college, whatever happened to that girl, it was John. John did it. Let me help you. [Slow instrumental music] What's she still doing here? l thought l told you to get rid of her. She's got an interesting story you all might want to hear. Not to be a pain in the ass, but we had her thrown out. -Now you want us to listen to her? -l think we've all been silent long enough. This isn't a bachelor party. Not anymore. You scared off the stripper, we're running out of booze-- John and his fiancée broke up months ago. Any of you guys know that? [Suspenseful instrumental music] ls that true, John? Look, l can explain everything. Come on, guys. The best night of our lives, remember? Thanks, guys. -No, don't. -Just give me a minute. Going somewhere? What's the point in hanging around? You embarrassed me in front of my friends. TRU: They can't be that good friends, John. They still thought you were getting married. lt's not exactly an easy thing... to admit that your relationship failed, you know? l was gonna tell them all tonight. l thought everybody could use a good party. With plenty of drinks. On the rocks, right? God, that's a long way to go to cover up a murder. -l don't know what you're talking about. -Let me fill you in on a few things. The first is one of your friends wasn't drinking alcohol tonight. So, sure, he's got the Avlocardyl in his system... but without the alcohol to hide it... at some point, someone's gonna figure out what you did. And second, it's a little bartending trick l picked up. Even if you're drinking it straight, like you... if you want to keep the drink cool... you shake a little crushed ice in the bottom of the glass. Yes, every gIass, John. Of course, if you didn't mess with the ice... then you won't need the antidote your best man has in the next room. [Slow instrumental music] -Five years late. TRU: That's what l don't get. Why now, after all this time? Three weeks ago, l sent him a letter saying l was going to the police. TRU: You? l couldn't take it anymore... and l tried to make it right. lnstead, l almost got us all killed. What happened? Catherine Hill. We didn't even know her name until we read it in the papers. She was a freshman, made the mistake of coming to a graduation party. John got her aIone in a room. lt's a little close, isn't it? That hurts. Stop it. l told you, no! -Who said it was up to you? -Let go of me. [Tense instrumental music] A girlfriend once said he slapped her. He denied it and we believed him. When he told us what happened that night was an accident, we didn't believe him. We didn't say anything. To anybody. And you sent a letter? That's something. l didn't have the guts to sign it. He didn't know which one of us was turning him in. So he had to kill all of you. l'm sorry for not trusting you. But with everything... l barely trust myself. You did the right thing. Five years too late. [Soft instrumental music] Surprise! Surprise! [Sentimental instrumental music] MAN: [Whispers] Tru. [Suspenseful instrumental music] -You need something? -How'd you know? You take the fun out of everything. lt was fun for me. [Cell phone ringing] Hello? l'm sure you won't be surprised to hear there was a drug test at my office. Obviously, you knew something and opted not to tell me... so l just called specifically to not say ''thank you.'' MEREDlTH: <i>But in case you're curious,</i> I passed the test. Maybe now you'll get off my back and let my past stay in the past. Meredith, l wasn't trying to prove a point. l was just trying to help. -And l did, didn't l? -Good night, Tru. -You wanted to see me? -Close the door. MEREDlTH: Thanks for covering that for me. No problem. l've never been paid to provide a sample before. But l gotta ask, how did you know there was gonna be a drug test today? l just had a feeling. TRU: l just don't get it. l went through all this to save these five guys... and now there's a chance they'll go to jail. What's the point? Look, Tru, this thing you're dealing with.... Maybe for you, it's about more than just saving people. HARRlSON: See, these guys had a secret, and they put it to rest. Maybe, l don't know.... Maybe you can try and do the same. So Lindsay has this theory. One out of every seven guys is a good one. l've spent an entire evening with six guys that were bad. So does that make you Number Seven? l wouldn't bet on it. Don't worry, Tru. He's out there. [Upbeat pop music]