Your job is to tell the rest of your people they can never come here. Rest in peace, Mr. Eko. And thank you for helping me find my... I don't care what Jack said. They've got him, and we have to get him back. I owe him that. The pearl is a monitoring station where the activities of participants</i> in the Dharma initiative projects can be observed and recorded.</i> I guess he'll be expecting us. Ping-Pong table? Where the hell did that come from? Jin found it when he was out looking for firewood. We made legs for it and paddles. Now all we need is a ball. Found it? Must have landed in the jungle when the hatch exploded. I thought the hatch collapsed. Look, dude, all I know is the sky turned purple. After that, I don't ask questions, just make myself a salad and move on. Yeah, I can see that's working for you. You seen Kate around? Wow, she's not back yet? You guys find anything we can use for a ball? Hey, that's my "Guns & Ammo." Where the hell did you get it? It was in the magazine stack. We share things now. Listen, Worro, it was in my stuff-- Stuff you decided to have a little party with while you thought I was dead. Listen, Hillbilly, if you want it that bad, take it. Just keep it. We need to eat. Are we still on course? We're still heading north on a bearing of 3-0-5. - Yes. - I'm sensing a lack of confidence. We've been walking for two days, following a compass bearing provided by the carvings on a stick. And? You really think we're just going to chance upon where the others are? I don't know what we're gonna chance on, but my bearing is the only bearing we got. I'm going to find some fruit, and then, John, we're going to have a rational conversation regarding our next move. Subtitles: swsub.com (V.1.00) Y'all looking for something like... this? Cool, a ball. We need to do a little quid pro quo first. I know I've been gone a while, and y'all thought the general store was having a going out of business sale, but now I'm back, and I want what's mine. Yeah, but it wasn't really yours to begin with. "A"-- It was mine when I took it. "B"-- Who the hell are you? And "c"-- Because I'm fair, I'm gonna let you play me for it. Play ping-Pong? That's right, Avalanche. You bastards put up your best player. One game, and when I crush them, y'all gotta bring me every piece of my stash back. And if you lose? I ain't gonna lose, but.. if I do, tell you what-- name it. Looks like Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon got something good. Lay it on me. No nicknames. If y lose, no nicknames for anyone... for a week. Nice. You're on. Pick your player. I'll be back in an hour, then let the slaughter begin. Are you sure it's completely isolated? I've circled the house. There's nothing but jungle surrounding it. Here. That dish still work? A satellite dish of that size would have broadcasting capabilities for thousands of miles. Danielle, you once mentioned a radio tower. Is this it? I have never been here before. The man in the house-- you said you've seen him before? On a video feed from the pearl station. So who is he? Only one way to find out... we ask him. - What's this for? - If I'm unarmed, he won't feel threatened. In case he is threatened, you can cover me from here. Where are you going? I have no interest in that man inside the house. I have survived on the island precisely by avoiding these types of encounters. I'll wait for you by the stream... for those of you who survive. Najeev. Did you cook this? Yes, I did. It's delicious. My name is Sami. Najeev. Thank you. Please sit. Sit. So where are you from, Najeev? I'm Syrian. Please. What do you want from me? You're an excellent cook, and I... I have a restaurant much nicer than this place. Come take a look. If you like it, I will hire you at twice your pay here. You're offering a stranger a job because of a single meal? I'm offering you a job because we are outsiders here, and because, uh, my chef just quit. - He's been hit, he's been hit! - Not yet. You wanna get shot, too? I didn't cross the line! We had a truce. - This is my land! - I'm not-- - You said I could stay here! - I'm not who you-- Who you think I am. My name is Sayid Jarrah. I was on a plane that crashed here months ago. A plane?! I'm unarmed, I swear! Stay right there! Drop the rifle! Drop it right now! Back up. Back up. Are you all right? You really did crash here? Over 40 of us, yes. I'll go in first, make sure it's okay. Who are you? My name is Mikhail Bakunin... and I am the last living member of the Dharma Initiative. Watch your step. Please... Sit. Here, let me. You've had experience treating gunshot wounds? I spent some time in Afghanistan. I had experience with field medicine... in the Soviet army. In the kitchen on the top shelf there is a medical kit. Will you bring it, please? It's all right, Kate. How did you get here? I almost don't know where to begin. Why don't you begin with the Dharma Initiative? I grew up in Kiev and joined the Soviet army. I was stationed at a listening post in Vladivostok. After the cold war... After we lost the cold war, my unit was decommissioned. I was dismissed from my life in the military, and after years of conducting unpleasant actions against our enemies, I found myself wanting to do something good, so I replied to a newspaper advertisement. An advertisement? "Would you like toave the world?" It read. That's how I met the Initiative. They're very secretive, very rich and very smart. So when did you come to the island? 11 years now. I liked computers, communications equipment and being alone like a lighthouse keeper, so they put me in this station. They called it "The Flame." What's the purpose of The Flame? To communicate with the outside world, of course. Ready to play? Your move. What happened to the Dharma Initiative? They're all dead, of course. They foolishly initiated a war against the hostiles-- a "purge," they called it. And how did you survive this purge? By not participating in it. I told you. I like being alone. And the hostiles allowed you to stay here? After it was over, four men appeared in the yard. They offered a truce. They said to imagine a line that extended all the way around the valley. As long as I did not cross it, I would be left alone. Then they took two cows, and I never saw them again. They weren't interested in the satellite dish in the yard? Why would they be? It hasn't functioned for years. Who are they-- - these hostiles? - I do not know, but they were here for a long time before we were-- A very long time. I'm looking for Sami. I'm so glad you came. What do you think? It's a simple place, as you can see, but we have good customers. Here's my wife. She's in charge of the kitchen. Amira, come meet Najeev. Pleasure to meet you. Are you sure this is him? Yes. Look, I don't know who you think I am-- What did you just say? I told Nadia to be polite, because you are my guests. After Nadia Comaneci, the greatest athlete the world has ever known. We have the same birthday. Now... excellent work, if I say myself. Thank you, Mikhail. Perhaps... I can begin to earn your forgiveness by offering some iced tea. I will also check on your friend. Don't waste your time. For ten years I've tried to defeat that game. But it was programmed by three grand masters... and it cheats. Well I've played a lot of computers, and I'm pretty sure they don't know how to cheat. That's what makes being human so distinctly... wonderful. What's wrong? It just... it doesn't make any sense. Why would they let him stay here, with all this stuff, all this equipment? Actually, it makes perfect sense. What are you talking about? The reason they let him stay here is because he is not Dharma. He is one of them. He shot you, and you just let him... Why are we still sitting here? We are sitting here, Kate, because I am certain he is not alone. So... you really the number one draft pick, Grimace? Yep. Are we playing with the mercy rule? Mercy rule? Yeah, like, If I'm up 11-0, then I, you know, automatically win. You're gonna go up 11-0? No, I mean either one of us. Sure. We can have a mercy rule. - Do you wanna volley for serve? - I'll tell you what... Be my guest. Take him down, Hurley. 0 serving 0. 1- Nothing. I grow the tea myself, so pardon its bitterness. Any tea is good tea. You know how long it's been since we've seen ice? I noticed a series of thick wires as I walked around the station. This is the hub, but they go underground to various stations all over the island. And these cables-- do any of them run into the ocean? Yes. There is an underwater beacon that emits sonar pings to help guide in the vessels. By vessels, you mean submarines? Yes. The Initiative used one to bring us here, but I can imagine only that the hostiles have either destroyed or commandeered it by now. That explains how they were able to get round my position and capture our sailboat. You have a sailboat? Till we lost it to your hostiles. That's very unfortunate. Well... at least we were able to kill one them. Why are we continuing to play this little game... when we all know it has moved to the next stage? Get some rope. Drink. You were a torturer, were you not, in the Republican Guard? Do you not recognize one of your victims? Do you not recognize the woman that you tortured? Do you not recognize my wife?! No, I've never... You've confused me with someone else. Amira was arrested for harboring an enemy of the state. She was held for three months while she was questioned. Her arms bear the scars of those questions. So I assure you, Najeev, I am not confused. My name is not Najeev. I am Sayid Jarrah. I was in the Republican Guard, and, yes, I was an interrogator, but I have never seen your wife. Maybe she saw me at the same facility, but I do not know her! I can remember every face of every person I've interrogated. She remembers your face. She remembers it so well that she recognized it from a mere glimpse when we walked by the restaurant where you worked! What do you want from me? I want you to admit to what you did, And if you don't, you will leave this room in that bag. How do you know he isn't alone? The horse outside is still saddled, And the stirrups are set up for someone much shorter than this man. You think the others sent someone to keep him company? They sent someone out here because they lost communications. Maybe when the sky turned purple? That would be my guess. If there's someone else here, they're hiding pretty good. I checked every nook and cranny of this place... Not every nook and cranny. Are you ready to tell me the truth? I have told you the truth. I do not know you-- You tortured her. No. I would never touch a woman-- Do you tnk this will do any good, that this will make me confess to something I didn't do? My wife confessed to something she didn't do. She confessed when you poured a pan of boiling oil over her arms. - No, I did not. You have the wrong-- - Admit it! Admit it! I cannot admit to something I didn't do. That is enough for today. Then I will see you tomorrow. Your move. What is it? C-4... explosive. The whole place is wired. Why ? I don't know. Manual override achieved. For pallet drop, enter 2-4. For station uplink, enter 3-2. For mainland communication, enter 3-8. The satellite dish is inoperable. Communications are down. For sonar access, enter 5-6. Sonar is inoperable. Has there been an incursion on this station by the hostiles?</i> If so, enter 7-7. Keep your voice low and your hands in front of you. Stop right there. Put the gun on the ground... now. What are you doing? It's her. She was there! She was at the dock. She was there when we were kidnapped. She knows where Jack is. Are there any more of you here? Let's take her upstairs. Come on. John, we're coming up! Out here. Move. This is simple. Send her over to me, and I will release him. Then we all go our separate ways. Don't listen to him. If he was gonna kill me, I'd be dead already. Shut your mouth. - Listen to me. - Sayid, do not let her go. I will execute you right here. - He's not gonna do it. - Be quiet. - I'm the only thing keeping him alive. - I swear to you-- Calm down, everyone. I'll handle this John. Don't let her talk to him! Just do it, Mikhail! Finish it! Kill me. Sorry I beat you so bad, dude. Sorry you hustled me, you mean. My mom had a table in her basement, and I played a lot at the insti-- This place I hung out for a while. - I got kinda good. - Well, hooray for you. Doesn't look like at last slam caused any long-term damage to your forehead... and you got 3 points, which is better than zero. Something you want? Came to give you back some of your stuff, 'Cause, you know, you're the kind of guy that needs stuff. You a shrink now? She'll be okay, dude. I know you're worried about her, But she's with Locke and Sayid. She's gonna be fine. Yeah, well, thanks for the pep talk, - Lump-- - Unh-Unh, dude. It's Hurley... or Hugo, if you want. Get bent, Hugo. You ready to go, Locke? I'll be there in a minute. Has there been an incursion on this station by the hostiles?</i> If so, enter 7-7. Tell me something. Were you ever a member of the dharma initiative, or was everything you said a lie? Of course I'm wasting my breath. I was never a member, but everything else I told you was true. I moved into the station after the purge. The purge, in which a group of scientists attacked your people? Believe what you want, but that is what happened. Your friends-- did he kill them? They're collecting whatever may be useful from the farmhouse, and now we have our ticket to where the others live, where we'll find your daughter and Jack, and finally, perhaps, a way home. There is nothing you could do to me that would make me lead you there. I didn't say you were our ticket, did I? This is a map showing electrical and data cabling running from the Flame, here, to a place called "the Barracks," here. It's comprised of houses and dormitories with water and power, large enough to accommodate an entire community. Sounds like a place well worth visiting, don't you think? There will come a time when your guard is down, and when it is, I will not hesitate a moment before killing you. - You should know this before-- - He's making an excellent point. You have a map. Why keep him alive? After my husband and I first arrived to Paris, I was afraid to ever leave our apartment. So I would stare out the window into the alley, and I would see this cat looking for scraps. One day, some children came into the alley and trapped him in a box. I watched them light firecrackers and drop them in the box. I could hear him howl from three stories above. So finally, I had a reason to leave my apartment. I rescued this cat, and I brought him home. He sits with me when I read. He sleeps with me, and he purrs. But. every once in a while, he will bite me or scratch me. He does this because sometimes he forgets that he is safe now. So I forve him when he bites me, because I know what it is like to never feel safe. And that is because of you. So today... I ask only one thing of you. I ask you now that you show me the respect of acknowledging what you did to me... that it was you who questioned me, that tortured me... and that you rember me. I remember you. I remember your face. Your face has haunted me ever since I left Iraq. I am sorry. I am so sorry for what I did to you. I am... I forgive you. When my husband returns, I will tell him I made a terrible mistake, that it was not you... and he will release you. Why ? Why are you letting me go? We are all capable of doing what those children did to this cat... but I will not do that. I will not be that. We should kill him, Sayid. He already told us that he would kill us. He's my prisoner. I will decide his fate. I can see you didn't find anything worth taking. Actually, I just played that silly chess game again, and now I realize why you didn't want me to beat it. Meaning what ? What have you done, John? That place was our one hope of communication with the outside world! The computer said if there was an incursion by the hostiles, I should enter 7-7, so I entered 7-7.