This island, it changed me. It made me whole. I'm so thankful for you, John. You stole my kidney. You needed a father and I needed a kidney, and that's what happened. Get over it. I don't care what Jack said. They've got him, and we have to get him back. I owe him that. How did you get onto this island? They brought me on the submarine. So your people-- they can just come and go whenever they want? You never know when a little c4 might come in handy. Name? John Locke. Marital status, Mr. Locke? Single. Girlfriend? Are your parents living? I was raised in foster care. I never really knew my parents. Have you ever considered seeking out your biological parents? I don't see how that's relevant. It's relevant, Mr. Locke, because if the government's gonna continue paying your disability insurance, I have to figure out whether or not your condition has improved. So... How's your appetite? Fine. I see you stopped submitting your therapy bills for reimbursement. It's 'cause I stopped going. Waste of time. It's just a temporary suspension, Mr. Locke. As soon as you resume your sessions, you can reapply. You think I'm temporarily disabled? Depression can be temporary, yes. And since you see fit to stop going to therapy, I guess you're all better. Guess I am. Next! Over here! What is he doing? Good hands! Nice. She's the one who helped me and Sawyer escape. What's up? I think it's gonna be a while... Hey, what? John, Rousseau's gone. This is gonna be more complicated than we thought. Subtitles: swsub.com So you saying, we simply start shooting people and hope for the best? We came here to rescue Jack, and we're gonna do it. But obviously the circumstances have changed. - He may not want to be rescued. - That is not him. That's not Jack. They must have done someûthing to him. When they captured us, they drugged us. - He didn't appear to be drugged. - They kidnapped him, held him prisoner. - He wouldn't just forget that. - I agree, but until we know why, we're putting our lives at risk. I'm not leaving him, Sayid. - We may not have a choice. - It's Jack. The first time I saw him, he was risking his life pulling people out of burning airplane wreckage. If he's shaking hands with the others, I'm sure he has a good reason. We just have to go down there and find out what it is. What do you suggest? We wait till it's dark. We approach Jack when he's alone... And if he wants out, we get him out. Here's what we know, Crystal. The bolivian coal deposits were stolen last night around 2:00 a.m.</i> Oh, that means the cobra... he's back.</i> Has he been shot? I can't find him! He's armed! I can't get up! Hello. John Locke? I'm sorry. No solicitors. - I have a sign. - I'm not trying to sell you... Listen, my name's Peter Talbot. I just need a couple minutes to talk to you. Talk about what? My mother, actually. I think she might be in some trouble. You got the wrong John Locke. How many kidneys do you have? She met him two months ago. "Love at first sight," is what she said. The guy was charming, sweet, funny. His name's Adam Seward. He's a retired computer entrepreneur from Ontario. Anyway, Adam had something... special. My mom just went gaga for him right out of the gate. After two months of knowing him, she agree to marry the guy. And something about him... Something in my gut told me that he was after something, so I had to check him out. Well, I'm not sure I know what any of this has to do with me. Well, what this has to do with you, Mr. Locke, is that you donated one of your kidneys to Adam Seward, only his name was different back then. He used to be "Anthony Cooper." All I could find were his medical records, and I saw that he was the recipient of a kidney transplant from... You. So I figured, hey, someone gave the guy his kidney. How bad could he be? Right? Well, it-- it was an anonymous donation. I never met him. Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sorry. I can't help you. Sayid, you guard the front. I'll go around and cover the back. - You head in through the side door. - I'm going in alone? It's better if you're the first one he sees. All right. What are you doing here? I came to get you. Get out of here right now. Go. Kate, they're watching me! - Get out of here! - I'm not leaving you. - Yes, you are! - Get down! Don't hurt her! Step back, doc. Step back. Hold him still. Who else is with you? Just answer the question, Kate. Okay, one more time-- who else is with you? Nobody. Nobody else. It was just us. Keep your voice down. All right. It's all right, John. You don't have to point the gun at me. I can tell you where Jack is. I'm not looking for Jack. I'm looking for the submarine. The submarine... where is it? I'm not sure what you mean, John. What submarine? The one you use to travel to and from the island... The one your man Mikhail told me about right before I killed him. Dad? Who are you talking to? Alex, don't come in here! Tell her to be quiet. Alex, please. Ben, you awake? I'm coming in. What is it? It's Austen and Jarrah. They're here. Somehow they found us. Where are they now? We captured them. We're holding 'em over at my place. Want me to help you get out-- Separate them. I want to know how they found us. What about Juliet and Shepard? - Tomorrow-- - Let me worry about that. Just go. Got it. Richard, wait a minute. I'll wait outside. I want you to bring me the man from Tallahassee. - What do you need him for? - Just do it. Now. "The man from Tallahassee"? What is that... Some kind of code? No, John, unfortunately, we don't have a code for "there's a man in my closet with a gun to my daughter's head," although we obviously should. He had a pack with him. I want her to retrieve it. Okay. But you should know, John, my daughter currently hates me, so I'm not sure holding me hostage is your best option-- Dad! I'll get your bag. No, nothing particular. I'm looking for something really stunning, something that would grab everyone's attention on the table. Honey? What do you think of this one? Oh, it looks good. What do you think? I like it. Maybe just a little larger. Larger would be good. I'll go over there and take a look. Hello, John. Gonna be a big to-do or just the two of you and a preacher? I guess you couldn't invite me, huh? That would make for... awkward introductions. How did you even know that I... I know because her son came to me and asked why I gave you a kidney. He's on to you, but he doesn't have any proof. So he came to me hoping I would vouch for you. What did you say to him? You're conning her, aren't you? You're gonna marry her for her money, right? What is it you want, John? I want you to end it. I want you to call off the wedding. Why are you doing this? Because it's not fair. You make people think that you're their family, and then you leave their life in ruins, and I'm not gonna let you do it again. You're gonna call off your engagement and go, or I'm gonna tell her the truth. I want to hear you say it. You say you're gonna leave. Okay, John. You got it. Would you mind helping me get into my chair? No tricks, I promise. I just want some dignity. You of all people should understand what it means to want some dignity. Thank you. So tell me, John, how do you expect to pilot our submarine? I mean, it's a complicated piece of machinery. You don't just press "submerge." I'll figure something out. For all you know, I was a commander in the navy. Put your arm around my neck. I'll lift under your knees. What's in the pack, John? If you've met Mikhail, that means you were in the communications station... Which means you found the explosives. So you're not planning to pilot the submarine anywhere, are you? You're planning to destroy it. I know you, John Locke. You don't know me at all. I know you were born in California. I know you were raised in foster care. I know you wasted a big part of your life in Tustin pushing papers at a company that manufactured industrial boxes. I know you spent the four years prior to your arrival on this island in a wheelchair. And I know how you ended up in it. Tell me, John... Did it hurt? I felt my back break. What do you think? I didn't think I'd see you again so soon, Kate. Be careful in here. Thanks. Did they hurt you? Did they hurt you? What is all this? This is where they live. And the people they took? The kids? They're all safe. "Safe"? So you're with them now? I'm not with anyone, Kate. What did they do to you? - Nothing. - Then why are you acting like this? There's no way... You... There's no way that I could... I came here to help you! So why don't you tell me... I told you not to come back here for me. I didn't think you meant it. What did they do to you, Jack? I made a deal with them. They're gonna let me go. Where? Home. When? First thing in the morning. I can bring back help. It's our best chance. You trust these people? They are liars. Why would you believe... I trust them because you told me to, Kate... When you asked me to save Sawyer's life. What did they tell you? Jack, we need to go. I'll be right there. I asked you not to come back here for me, and I wish... I wish that you hadn't. But I will come back here for you. John Locke? Detective Mason. That's detective Reed. Do you mind if we ask you a few questions? No, of course not. Do you know a man named Peter Talbot? No, I don't think so. Thin, brown hair, 20. If it'll be helpful, we believe he was here in your apartment two days ago. Yeah, he was a solicitor. I sent him away. Mr. Talbot's family is worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $200 million. So I'm curious. What exactly was he selling you door-to-door? Well, I... Look, I told you I don't know him. Then why was your name and address on a piece of paper in his pocket? Why were you... would you be looking through his pockets? Because Peter Talbot's dead. It wasn't easy, you know... Being in that hatch with you all that time... Knowing you had no business walking around, knowing I couldn't even ask you about it without telling you who I really was. So ask me now... Now that I know who you really are. Was it immediate? It started the moment you got here? And you were just walking, the feeling returned right after the crash, that day? That's what "immediate" means, Ben. You're wondering why it hasn't happened for you. You're not recovering as fast as you like. How long's it been since Jack fixed you? A week? Now that I think about it, how did you get sick in the first place? Are you afraid it'll go away, John? Is that why you want to destroy the submarine? 'Cause you know if you leave the island, you'll be back in the chair? You got anything to eat? Go on home, kid. You know you're not supposed to be here. My father sent me to get his pack. Why? I don't know, Ryan, but he told me to get it. All right. Here you go. You're Alex, aren't you? Hey! Can it. How do you know my name? Because you look like your mother. My mother is dead. I'm sure that's what they told you. Get going, Alex! Keep your mouth shut. Where do you get electricity? We have two giant hamsters running on a massive wheel - at our secret underground lair. - Yeah, that's funny. There's leftovers in the refrigerator. Help yourself. I ate most of the dark meat. Sorry. I never really appreciated chicken until right now. I know you think you need to do this, John, but if you blow up my submarine, I'll have a big problem with my people. Is that supposed to be an incentive not to blow it up? I was born on this island. Not many of my people can say that. Most of them were recruited and brought here. And as much as they love this place, as much as they would do anything to defend it, they need to know they can leave if they want to. The sub maintains that illusion. So you're lying to 'em. No. They're here because they want to be here. Some of them are just not ready to make a full... commitment yet. But you, John... You've already made that commitment, and now you have a choice. Because if you stop and if you think, I can show you things... things I know you want to see very badly. Let me put it so you'll understand. Picture a box. You know something about boxes, don't you, John? What if I told you that somewhere on this island there's a very large box, and whatever you imagined, whatever you wanted to be in it, when you opened at box, there it would be. What would you say about that, John? I'd say I hope that box is big enough to imagine yourself up a new submarine. - Why are you so angry, John? - Because you're cheating. You and your people communicate with the outside world whenever you want to. You come and go as you please. You use electricity and running water and guns. You're a hypocrite, a Pharisee. You don't deserve to be on this island. If you had any idea what this place really was, you wouldn't be putting chicken in your refrigerator. You've been here 80 days, John. I've been here my entire life. So how is it that you think you know this island better than I do? Because you're in the wheelchair, and I'm not. Did you have any problems? Okay, here's how this is gonna work... she's gonna take me to the sub. Once we're there, I let her go. John, she's done enough. Let me take you. I don't want you to slow me down. Come on. Let's go. John, before you go, you should know... Jack and I made a deal. In less than an hour he's leaving this island on that submarine, and it's a 1-way ticket. The anomaly wiped out our communications. We have no way of contacting the outside world... Which means when that sub leaves, it can never come back. So whether you destroy the submarine or whether you let it go, the end result is the same-- no one will find this island. Let's go. Come on. You know he's manipulating you, right? How's that? That's what my father does. He manipulates people. He makes you think it's your idea, but it's his. I'll have to keep that in mind. Submarine's down there... At the end of the dock. I'm sorry I had to involve you in this. Look, I know you don't owe me anything, but I need to ask you for one last favor. You don't knock? I need you to let my friends go after I'm gone. And if I said no, would that stop you from leaving? Of course it would. Your friends are only here to rescue you. But you seem to be doing a good job of rescuing yourself, so... I suppose there's no reason to keep them here. Do I have your word on that? You have my word. I'll let them go just as soon as you've left the island. Well, I guess this is it. Thank you, Ben, for keeping your promise. Hold it right there! Get your hands up! Get down! I said get down! What are you doing here, John? I'm sorry, Jack. Sorry for what? What did you do? Tell me you didn't do it. - What are you talking about? - Tell me that you didn't kill that kid! What? You think I had something to do with Peter's death? I tell you to end things with his mother, and the next thing you know, he's dead! John, now calm down, please. Think about what you're saying. Why would I kill Peter? He was on to you! I've been doing this for a long time. I'm not sweating some rich kid. Then why are you still here? - What do you mean? - I tell you to leave. You tell me you're gonna leave town. Why are you still here? Now listen, John, I'll be honest with you. I didn't end it. I was looking for an angle. I wanted to make some money before I skipped out. But then all this happened. Peter died, and everything just went straight into the tank. She's devastated. She's called off the wedding. There's no profit in it, John. I'm a con man, not a murder. She called off the wedding? She said she couldn't deal with it. - She needs to be alone. - So if I were to call her right now, that's what she would tell me? Phone's right over there, John. What's her numb-- Mr. Locke, we know this isn't what you want to hear, but... Your father's gone. We know he fled to Mexico shortly after your... encounter, then he disappeared. I'm sorry, but he could be anywhere in the world right now. All right, detectives, that's enough. Mr. Locke has work to do today. We'll let you know if anything develops. We have got ourselves quite a day ahead of us, my friend. It's finally time to get you up out of that bed. No. I don't want to. I don't remember asking. Now... Most people struggle with this at first, but don't worry. You'll get used to it. No, please. I can't do this. You fell eight stories and survived. I don't want to hear about what you can't do. Now let's go. It's gonna be all right. It's gonna be fine, John. - Come on. - No, I can't... You're fine... There we go. There you go, buddy. See? Wasn't that bad, was it? Be right back, buddy. Well, John, you've really gone and done it now. You don't have to pretend to be disappointed anymore. We both know you wanted it to happen. That's why you left the c4 in Sayid's bag Because you wanted me to make it happen. Uncuff him, please, Richard. You gonna do anything stupid? No, sir. Do you remember earlier, John, when you called me a cheater... When you said I didn't deserve to live on this island? Well, get this-- There I was, shaking hands with Jack and thinking I'd give almost anything to come up with a way to stop him from leaving, because to let him go would be a sign a weakness, of failure, of defeat. My people would see that. They would know it, and that, John, would be the end of me. But to kill him... That would be cheating, because my people also heard me make a promise, and to break my word... that would be the end of me, too. And then you came striding out of the jungle, John... to you make my dream come true. You're not gonna start talking about the magic box again, are you? I'm gonna show you what came out of it. When I asked you earlier if it hurt when you suffered your injury, I think you misunderstood me. It seems fairly obvious that when a person's back smashes into a hard surface after being thrown from a building, that's gonna sting a little. But I really wasn't asking about the physical pain. What, do you want to know if it hurt my feelings? No, John. I wanted to know what it felt like when your own father tried to kill you. He's the reason you destroyed the submarine, isn't he? You're afraid. You're afraid of him, and this is the one place he can never find you. This is the one place he can never get to. What do you want from me? I don't know how it happened... But you seem to have some communion with this island, John, and that makes you very, very important. You have no idea what you're talking about, of course, but in time you'll have a better understanding of things. So what do I want? I want to help you, John. Why? Because I'm in a wheelchair,