The world will have to deal with us. Previously on the 4400... [jarvis]: What, so navarro was really some kind of mind-reader? I believe "telepath" is the word you're looking for. Just concentrate on what you want to ask me and i'll hear you. The guy definitely knew what we were thinking. [Jarvis]: I could think of a few practical applications for it. [Collier]: You should have come to me first. I'd have treated you better than they ever will. We're at war here. Don't pick the losing side. There's a synthetic substance present in the blood of every 4400, and they call it "promicin inhibitor." But ntac's been studying the 4400 ever since they got back. They should have known about this... they do know. I was ordered to work on a drug to suppress the production of promicin. Once i synthesized the inhibitor, we gave it to every 4400. If it comes down to a choice between the safety of the american people and the welfare of the 4400, tom... that's no choice at all. If you're holding on to any hope of keeping this covered up, you're going to have to start by putting me in the ground right here and right now. [Marco]: Every male in this building has got a gallon of adrenaline coursing through his veins right now, and most of them are armed. A 4400 nearly took down a fortified government facility and walked away without breaking a sweat. I wasn't pregnant when i was abducted, but i was when i got back. [Richard]: You've seen what she's capable of, what she can do when she feels threatened. Did you know isabelle has connections between the right and left hemispheres of her brain that have never been seen before? [Matthew]: You are the stewards of the future. Your daughter is the rosetta stone for understanding what happened to the 4400. Isabelle... isabelle! Hello, shawn. I'm isabelle. The world has changed. Everything is different now. The promicin inhibitor program was an international effort. Its goal was to prevent the coming of a world dominated by a tiny fraction of the population. In short, we were doing everything we could to prevent the 4400 from developing extrahuman capabilities. We believed that, without the inhibitor program, these abilities would show up in virtually every single one of the 4400. I don't think i need to explain to this committee why that would be something less than a best-case scenario. Overnight, normal human beings like you and i and all the institutions we've come to rely on would be obsolete. The program wasn't perfect. People got sick. Some died. That was not our intent. But now it's gone, and the future that we were trying to prevent is here, and we are not ready. I believe it comes down to a question of power. Who is going to hold it? Us... or them? Because, believe me... it's going to come down... to us against them. Shawn, you're not making any sense. Just tell me what's wrong with isabelle. I told you, i can't explain. Is she sick? Is she hurt? You'll see for yourself. Dad. W-who the hell is this? Where's isabelle? I am your daughter. I'm isabelle. L-i don't get it. Something happened. I... i changed. I don't know how. She just walked in here. She knew my name. She seems to know about you and lily. I don't know what game you're playing here, and i don't care. Richard... richard. Lily. Lily! Lily? Is isabelle with you? Lily... lily. Are you all right? Oh, richard, i must have fainted. Is isabelle with you? Who are you? Where's my wife? Richard, what are you talking about? I'm lily, your wife. Why are you looking at me like... oh, my god. Ma'am, i don't know who you are. Oh... oh, my god. No! Your blood pressure is elevated... but i suppose that's to be expected. Heart, lungs, reflexes... all within the normal range. Doctor, you call this normal? Richard, i want to see isabelle. Where is my daughter? She's right outside. I'll bring her in in a minute. I realize how alarming this must be, but at least you can take some solace in the fact that your wife is a perfectly healthy older woman. If i had to guess, i'd say she's about 75. I'm 29... and i don't understand. Please help me understand. How could this happen? Maybe it's a reaction to being taken off the promicin inhibitor, but truthfully, i don't know. There is a condition called progeria. It's associated with rapid aging. So this kind of thing has happened before? Mr. Tyler... when your wife fainted this morning, she was a young woman. When she woke up less than a minute later, she was 50 years older. I can guarantee you... this is a first. Excuse me. Are you okay, dr. Burkhoff? Fine. Not enough sleep, that's all. Research. Well, what do we do now? Is there any way to reverse this? I wish i knew. I need... to do some thinking. Are you my mother? Isabelle? Every day, the 4400 are changing and getting stronger. Instead of mobilizing to meet this challenge, we're wringing our hands and trying to determine who knew what when. I will save this committee the trouble and expense of a long investigation. The inhibitor program was my idea. I was proud to lead it. The men on this board were simply following my orders. If there's blame to be assigned, it's mine. Mine alone. Yeah, i know kyle doesn't want to see me. Is there some way we can force him to? I'm his father. I want to know how he's doing. Look, i realize you're trying, but it'll be months before he goes to trial. I mean, you really think people are going to let ryland position himself as some kind of patriotic martyr? The man headed a conspiracy that caused 28 deaths. Well, he says it was accidental. A significant percentage of this country believes him. Try "overwhelming." You guys listened to talk radio lately? The calls are like 90% in his favor. You can buy a "free dennis ryland" t-shirt within a block of here. Maybe they should put him up for the nobel peace prize. Just tell him i need to see him. We don't have to talk about the case. I just have to see my son. Just ask him one more time, okay? And... and tell him we love him. Give him some time, thomas. Kyle needs to live with his choice for a while. We're back. Tom... break's over. Ladies and gentlemen, i'd like to call the proceedings to order. Everyone just take your seats. We can get started. Members of the press, i was including you in that "ladies and gentlemen" designation. Thank you. Mr. Ryland, i'd like to pick up the questioning where we left off. You insist that you alone gave the go-ahead for the promicin inhibitor program. Is that right, sir? Yes, sir. It was my program all the way. So this committee is to understand that your department was able to plan and implement an international conspiracy without some cabinet-level approval? That's correct. I was given a broad mandate in my duties as head of ntac. I felt that the project fell within that mandate, so there was no need to seek outside approval. Excuse us, everybody. Did you hear that? Well, yeah, the microphones went haywire. No, no, not that. Something else. Just set that approval issue to the side for the moment. Did you ever discuss the project with anyone outside of ntac? I mean, someone somewhere must have taken an interest in what you people were doing over there. [Whispering] It's a simple question, mr. Ryland. Surely it can't be that difficult to answer. If i could have your attention up here, mr. Ryland... [gasping] Security! Stop that man! Get some protection around ryland. Stay here. I'll be right back. We need an ambulance! Stand back, please! Back! Get back! Hey! Stop! T.j.! Someone get these photographers out of here. Stay over there. I don't understand what i did. Would somebody please tell to me what i just did? Hang on, dennis. The ambulance is coming. Yeah, it was her. The blood we picked up at the scene matches the dna in our records. That was t.j. Kim running from the courthouse. When she hit this place, t.j. Drove every man in the building into a homicidal rage. Now it sounds like she just zapped one guy. She's learning to control what she can do. They all are. Ever since we took them off the inhibitor, they're either developing abilities or they're refining the ones that they've got. So they are getting more dangerous. I guess ryland was right. I'll be sure to mention that to my daughter. Save the point- counterpoint. At the moment, we've been tasked with two jobs... we track down t.j. Kim. What's the second job? We are to protect ryland's co-conspirators from any further reprisals. So we arrest them, and now we're their bodyguards? The entire country just saw a 4400 turn a government hearing into her own personal slasher film. If t.j. Gets to ryland again... or any of them... before we can bring her in, people are going to start to wonder if the united states government is capable of protecting its citizens, and that's the beginning of chaos. Back to work, please. Tom... in case you're wondering, dennis is still in surgery. They say that it is touch and go. [Shawn]: It's okay. Give me your hands. Try and relax. Relax. Is it better? Much better. For now. When this thing first came on, it was bad, but at least she was healthy. Now she's had diabetes, emphysema... it seems like every day there's something new. I'll come help her every day. Listen, we've got everyone working on this. We're going to figure it out. Is my mother okay? Uh, yeah. She had a little problem. Shawn fixed it. It's all in the wrists. Can i see her? Please? Mom? [Weakly]: Isabelle. Come here. Is there anything i can do? No, i'm... i'm fine. Really. Sit down. You were such a beautiful baby. I used to hold you all day long. I knew exactly what you were feeling. What you wanted. We were so close. I'm sorry for growing up so fast. I didn't mean to. I didn't want to. Neither did i. The crazy thing is i keep thinking about patty. Ryland's wife. I feel like i should call her or something, help her through this. Maybe you should. You and ryland were friends for a long time. It's okay to be conflicted. Well, ryland's little experiment almost got you killed. Shawn, too. The guy knew that kyle was stalking jordan collier and he did nothing. I'd say that trumps friendship. You have so much on your mind. Kyle, ryland, the 4400s... i need to get you away from here. Away from your problems. Yeah, well, that sounds nice, but i can't go anywhere. I'm starting an investigation in the morning. What if i told you i could take you away between now and then? My ability. Since i'm off the inhibitor... i think i can control it now. What, you mean you want to... you want to take me into another dream world? Alternate reality... i don't even know what to call it. Call it a vacation. A week, a year... as long as we want. All that in the space of a few moments. Should we try it? Right here? Now? Well, what... what do we do? We're already doing it. There's no one on the beach. It's all ours, thomas. So's the hotel. And we can stay here for as long as we like. There is no jet lag. That sounds perfect. It feels perfect, too. The door's open. Come in. Whoa. What? What is it? Uh, you're naked. I'm more comfortable this way. I haven't really gotten used to them. Clothes. I have a bathrobe. Is this better? Almost. I never met anybody that read the encyclopedia from cover to cover before. Oh, i'm not finished. We just delivered those to you yesterday. Okay, you're a fast reader. That's really cool. Um, listen, they're looking for you down in the labs. You're like an hour late. They sent you to get me? Aren't you in charge? Well, yeah, more or less. You know, i go where i'm needed. They were scared of me, weren't they? Pretty much. That's all right. I think even my parents are frightened of me. I don't think your mom and dad are scared of you. I think they're just confused. I don't blame them. It's mostly how i feel, too. I... don't understand what happened to me. I don't understand what happened to my mother. And i'm trying to read and learn things, but... mostly, i just... i still feel lost. See, now you sound like a real 4400. But i'm not a 4400... not like my mother and father... or you. Looks like i'm going to live. Sorry to disappoint you, tom. Why'd you ask me to see me, dennis? I hear that you and skouris are in charge of the investigation. Yeah, we know who did it. We'll find her. T.j. Kim attacked thuildx weeks ago. No one's tracked her down yet. We got a little sidetracked cleaning up your mess, dennis. Did you ever think that maybe she has help? Other 4400s who feel the same way about the government she does? When we catch her, we'll ask. Will you? I want to make sure you're going to take this thing as far as it goes, tom, the same way you did when you came after me... and i want my people protected. They were acting under my orders. They're under guard. So was the courthouse when kim attacked. I'd feel better if you brought them in. We offered sanctuary to every single conspirator. There were no takers. I guess no one wanted to cooperate with the organization that was working to put you in prison. We had to fight just to get them to let us post agents outside their houses. Crockett! You ready to go for a walk, boy? Come on, crockett. Let's go. They wanted no part of us. They all seemed confident that t.j. Kim was acting alone. Crockett? What's wrong? It's me. [Jarvis]: This arrived 15 minutes ago. [Distorted voice]: This is a message from the nova group. We are the defensive wing of the 4400. Today, the world has seen what happens to those who try to harm us. A second demonstration of our capabilities is planned for october 19th. A new era dawns. Defensive wing, huh? What happens when they decide to play offense? I guess we find out in five days. They didn't even say what they want. No demands, no room for compromise. We don't even know how many 4400s are in this nova group. We couldn't even handle one when she walked in and attacked the place. Now there's a whole team of assassins out there, all with abilities? They've got someone who can kill you by lowering your body temperature. Don't forget the beastmaster. What? That dog got pissed off pretty quick. Well, i've been all over the files, and none of these abilities have been registered with us. They're off the inhibitor now. We can't even pretend to have a comprehensive list of what these people can do. Is anyone feeling... a little overmatched here? You two remember gary navarro? Hey, gary. Been a while. You're right, baldwin. I do think you two sold me out. It really bothered me for a while, but now i understand it's just standard operating procedure. Well, i guess that mind reading thing is working pretty well, huh? Better than ever, actually. Gary's telepathic abilities have been very useful to the national security agency. They have agreed to let us borrow him while we investigate the nova group. So you're clear on what we're doing here? You want to use a 4400 to track down other 4400s. Do you have a problem with that? Not at all. It won't be my first time. So... can we get started? Never heard of the nova group. Between ntac and this place, but i trust you realize how serious this is. Believe me, if i knew anything, i would tell you. Well, do you mind if the three of us walk around the place, talk to some people? You and your pet mind-reader? No, i can't let you do that. These people haven't done anything wrong, and i won't let you invade their privacy, and i actually can't believe that you brought this guy here again. How much do they pay you to spy on your own kind? Getting a clear signal? You see anything you like up there? As far as i can tell, he's not hiding anything. I have a lot of work to do. If i hear anything, i'll give you a call. For now, that's the best i can do. Sorry about my nephew. Why? Well, he was kind of rude back there. I get that kind of stuff a lot. I don't take it personally. Do you mind if i ask you... you've sort of implied that you've pursued 4400s in the past. What exactly do you do for the nsa? Overseas stuff, mostly. But, like, what? Give me an example. They fly me someplace. I approach the subject, find out what he's thinking, and i tell the people i work for, who then fly me home, where i live comfortably. What happens to the subject? I don't ask. That's good. The neural pathway comparisons are particularly illuminating. Make sure you understand them before you move on. Dr. Burkhoff, i don't understand any of this. A bunch of her neurons don't work anymore. Every time one of hers turns off, one of mine turns on. Exactly... and what's true for neurons is true for muscle fibers, synaptic pathways... there is a... one-to-one correspondence between the amount you lost and the amount you gained. So all this is just a way of saying i'm doing this to her? The correlation is too precise to be random. Your rapid aging has caused her rapid aging. How do we stop it? Put me back to the way i was. I'm afraid i can't. So, what do we do about it? There is a possibility that if the aging agent were eliminated that lily might be restored to her normal self. The aging agent? He means me. I'm killing you. The only way for you to live is for me to die, isn't that right? Don't answer that, dr. Burkhoff. Thank you for your time. We're done here. Where are you going? We're not discussing this. Not now. Not ever. It's true, isn't it? I think so. But it's only a theory. Guys, i went over this six weeks ago with the men in black. Humor us. I went on two dates with t.j. Kim. I cut it off. Girl had a lot of baggage. How long ago was that? Uh, two months ago? Look, if i'd known there'd be government agents showing up every other day to ask me about her, i would've taken notes, hey, so listen... all this stuff about october 19th... you guys think it's serious? Like, should i be getting out of town? I don't think that's the answer. As far as we know, you're as safe here as anywhere else. That kid was lying... or at least he wasn't telling you everything. The whole time you were talking to him, he was thinking about an address. 331 reynolds avenue. Looks like it's clear. Nobody's home. Nobody's been for home for a while, i'd say. Look at this. That's the government report on the return of the 4400. I tried to read this once. Kind of dry. Yeah. Looks like someone made it right through to the end. Wesley hauser. Wesley hauser. Wesley hauser. Who the hell is wesley hauser? [Jarvis]: Hauser was a marine. Did two tours of duty in vietnam. He led protests against the war after he got home in '72. Disappeared in '75. Once he got out of quarantine, he never checked back in with us. Guy's been living off the grid for almost two years. Which means he never went on the inhibitor, so who knows what he's capable of by now. Hauser was disillusioned with the government before he disappeared, and i wouldn't say we've done much to win him over since he's been back. When he was in quarantine, he was housed in barracks 3. Same building as t.j. Kim. An agitator. An organizer. A radical. Sounds like we have our second member of the nova group. [Telephone rings] Baldwin. You're kidding me. All right. I know. Put him through. Says he's wesley hauser. No way. Yeah, hello. How'd you like my apartment? Well, to be honest, it felt a little empty without you there. I'm on a tight schedule. Lot to do before next week. Sound like you have interesting plans, so why don't we get together someplace, talk them over? No more talking. There's nothing to say. Your time is ending. Ours begins on october 19th. come on, let me go. Why'd you run when we asked you about hauser, huh? You two used to eat together in quarantine. We've got it on camera. So? The guy had a lot of good war stories. Doesn't make us best friends. So why did you run? Because when i see ntac agents, i run the other way. You people almost killed us all. Can you blame me? Turn around. Turn around. We done here? Get out of here. Call me sensitive, but i felt like saying to him, "we exposed the inhibitor. We saved your life." You guys just don't really get it, do you? It's not just that guy. Every 4400 we've talked to today, they're scared of you, or they don't trust you, or they hate you. Look, i'm sorry, but the days when you could expect friendly conversation from these people, they're gone. You're the bad guys now. Get used to it. I'm just warning you, motherhood's no cakewalk. Since when are you an expert? I'm only saying she landed on twins. Kind of a big responsibility... especially when she's trying to get by on a teacher's salary. What are you going to name them? I don't really want to play anymore. Is that okay? What's wrong, sweetheart? Nothing, except... i know marco's going to win, i'm going to come second, and you're going to end up alone with no money. Don't be jealous. He's smarter than you, but mom likes you better. Uh... So, uh, who's... who's smarter than me? Who knows? I'm not even sure she knows exactly. You know, in some ways, she was better off on the promicin inhibitor. At least she wasn't overwhelmed back then. All she wants to do is record what she sees in those notebooks. It's like some kind of compulsion. Well... think about it for a minute. Every morning, she wakes up and... knows pretty much what's coming. She's already lived the whole day once in her head, and by the time something actually does happen, it's like a rerun. I hate watching reruns. Yeah. Try living one. Hey, what about kevin burkhoff? Maybe he can figure out a way for maia to control her visions. He is brilliant. I don't say this about many people, but he is smarter than me. I know you. Well, of course you do. It's diana skouris. You work at ntac. I'm not here on business. I'm here about my daughter maia. The precog. What about her? She's still 10, right? She's not 65 now, is she? Interesting guess. Kind of wide of the mark, though. Good. Might as well come on in. Thank you. Oh, sorry about the clutter. I fired the maid last week. She was always cleaning. Excuse me. So... your daughter. What's troubling her? I'll let you do it. I caused all this, right? And getting rid of me is the only way to save my mother. No... that's what you were thinking, wasn't it? Shh. No, it wasn't. I don't want her to die either, so i'll let you do it. I'll... i'll even shut my eyes. Isabelle... i would never hurt you. Why? I don't understand. It's the only way to save her. We don't know that, and i won't make a choice between the two of you. "Won't" or "can't"? Sorry. I don't mean to invade anyone's space. Oh, that's okay. It's not my desk. But it looks like you'll be here for a while now, huh? Assuming this place is still standing on october 20th, yeah. Maybe we should talk to jarvis. Get you a room of your very own. That's fine with me. To tell you the truth, i could use a little bit of a buffer zone. This problem you're having with your daughter's... precog ability? I keep wanting to give you my opinion, but i don't want to intrude. So you are... listening to my thoughts. You and baldwin. I can't help it. I try to tune you guys out, but every now and then, something leaks through. I'll try to keep that in mind. You said you had an opinion about maia. What is it? When i first... developed this thing of mine, i was a basket case. You saw me. I truly thought i was going insane, so i fought against it, and that just made it worse. I had to give in to it, let it take control of me, and then, slowly, i learned how to take control of it. Listen, your kid stops fighting, and eventually, it'll become like seeing or hearing or any other sense. She won't even think about it. It's just a part of who she is. That's how it worked for me, anyway. Thank you. Diana. We just got a call from the seattle police. Someone down there read our apb. They know exactly where hauser is. You guys are lucky, actually. In another day or two, we would have buried him in potter's field. Buried who? Him. I always read the apb memos when they circulate in the police department. Kind of a hobby. Gets boring in here. Anyway, there was a description of a regimental tattoo on the memo for hauser. 82nd airborne. "Death from above." I remember it from a john doe they brought in here three weeks ago. This guy drowned in the harbor. A lot of veterans have that tattoo. Do a lot of veterans look exactly like the mug shot you circulated? Don't believe me? Take a look for yourselves. Say hello to wesley hauser. Hauser died two and a half weeks before ryland was attacked. Obviously, that wasn't him on the phone the other day. And that copy of the 4400 report with all his notes over it? For all we know, that could have been a plant. Somebody wanted us distracted. They deliberately put us on the trail of some phantom member of the nova group. I mean, how did we first find out about hauser? T.j.'s old boyfriend. He gave us the address. No, he was thinking it. At least, according to gary, he was. Gary navarro put us onto wesley hauser. Get in. You lied to me, daniel. You never said anything about killing people. We were protecting you, shawn. If we tell you in advance, you're culpable. [Woman groaning] What is she doing here? She's dying. She needs your help. I told you, i don't want anything more to do with you. The nova group was supposed to protect us. That's why i gave you money, daniel. That's why i gave you money. Not to start a terrorist organization! We'll talk about your concerns later. She's got a stomach wound, and it's infected. She needs you right now, or she's not going to make it. Shawn, she's a 4400. If we don't help each other, what hope do we have? Give me your hand. What are you doing here? You're awake. Good. It's important that you know it was me. I'm the guy who killed you. [Monitor beeping] [Man on radio]: <i>med post.</i> Do you have a 20 on gary navarro? Yeah, he just walked by. Why? Get him! Hey! Stop! Go. I'll check on ryland. He's seizing. He's bradying down. I need a crash cart and ativan. Find dr. Danoff. Now! Stay right there, gary. Isabelle. Isabelle! Oh, god. Somebody call an ambulance! What's everybody standing around for? Somebody call an ambulance! They're on their way! Somebody call an ambulance... dad... what am i? [Daniel]: It's miraculous, shawn. I watch you heal someone, and... it makes me wonder why they hate us so much. They hate us because you're killing them, daniel. They're afraid of us. I can't blame them. You make it sound like we acted out of some sort of blood lust. These were precise, tactical strikes, shawn, and you and every other 4400 are ultimately much safer because of them. You killed people. That's not what we discussed when you approached me. I gave you money to start a defensive arm for the center in case the government ever came after us again. It was a precaution. And all we've done is taken precautionary measures. Shawn, do you think that because their inhibitor program was exposed that the government's just going to leave us in peace? No, they know we've gotten stronger, which threatens their hold on power, which increases their need to eliminate us. So we strike first? Is that it? Is that what happens on the 19th? Look, shawn, you do great work at that center of yours. You just focus on that. I don't want to distract you. Knowledge can be a burden. And thanks for helping t.j. Out. You're a hero to your own people. Never forget that. Yeah. It did not work, you know. Ryland was o.d.'ing, but the doctors pulled him out of it. He'll be awake within a couple of hours. Well, i'm sure you're as disappointed as i am. Don't worry. We'll get him. Let's talk about wesley hauser. You first met him in quarantine. I liked wes. He was 10 kinds of crazy, but his heart was in the right place. I guess he was bipolar or something, but he never took medication. After quarantine, he lived on the streets. I used to visit him down at the docks. You know, give him food, a little money. So when did you decide to kill him? Wes, he didn't need my help with that. He drank about three bottles of mad dog a day. One morning about a month ago, i went down to see him, and... i found him by the dumpster. Dead. And somewhere in the middle of your grieving process, you figured he'd make a handy decoy. Hauser wouldn't have minded. Going back to his marine corps days. So when i found him, i said a word or two over his body, and i pushed him into elliott bay. So how long have you been working with this nova group? Did someone approach you, or was the whole thing your idea? Tell me... you and this girlfriend of yours... is it like a role-playing thing you get up to? Or is she actually taking you into these... i don't know. What do you call it? Fantasy worlds? Oh, and this guy marco... does he know that you're too... embarrassed to tell your partner that you two have been dating? Done showing off? Why don't you tell us what's going to happen on october 19th? I guess you're going to have to find yourself another telepath. Good luck with that. So you got nothing out of him? Well, he told us about hauser, but as far as the nova goes, it's going to take time to break him down. How much time? He's a telepath. He knows what we're thinking. A little longer than usual. Okay, so it's not easy, but gary navarro has a level-seven security clearance. We have to assume that he's been using it to funnel national secrets to the nova group. We need to know what he knows. Now. He'll talk. Gary's been inside our heads for a year. I think i know how to get inside of his. Careful with this. Matthew. I didn't expect to see you back for a couple of weeks. The nova group revised my calendar for me. Wiped it clean, actually. It's difficult to lobby on behalf of the 4400 when some of them are boasting about their body count. I suppose. How's lily? Any improvement since i left? If anything, she's getting worse. Sorry to hear that. Isabelle? She tried to kill herself this morning. She jumped off the roof. A few minutes later, she was walking around like nothing happened. I got to tell you, matthew... i'm not going to lie. I'm really glad you're back. [Knock on door] Hello, isabelle. Hello. Who are you? My name is matthew ross. I work closely with shawn. I'm an advisor to the 4400. May i come in? I understand there was an incident this morning. You attempted... to harm yourself. I see. You had no right to do that! Don't you understand who you are? What you're here to do? No... well, i do. I know everything about you, isabelle. I know why you're here, and i know what you're supposed to do. Sit... and i'll tell you a story.