rests on the shoulders of a young boy.</i> His name... Merlin. Arthur Pendragon, a great destiny awaits you. The battle for your soul is about to begin. Arise, Sir Vidor, Arise, Sir Vidor, Knight of Camelot. Arise, Sir Caridoc, Knight of Camelot. You have been accorded a great honour. With that honour comes great responsibility. From this day forth, you are sworn to live by the Knight's Code. You have pledged to conduct yourselves with nobility, honour and respect. Your word is your sacred bond. You will find no-one who better embodies these values than my son. Follow his example, and you'll prove yourself worthy of your title. I accept your challenge. If I am to face you in combat, do me the courtesy of revealing your identity. My name is Morgause. Arthur's Knights Merlin - 2x08 The Sins Of The Father I've searched the records going back more than 300 years. I could find nothing to say a woman cannot issue a challenge. There must be some way to stop to this. According to the Knight's Rules, her challenge is perfectly valid. - There is nothing we can do. - We don't know anything about her. - I will not let you face her. - I accepted the challenge. If I refuse to fight, it will be seen as cowardice. She killed five guards. You should not underestimate her. I cannot demand that my knights uphold the code then break it myself. I must face her tomorrow. Who is she? Why would she challenge Arthur? It seems no-one's ever heard of her. I feel as if I've met her somewhere before. Really? Where could you know her from? I don't know. Why she challenged you? I'm the King's son. Perhaps she believed she will prove herself. You don't want to fight her, do you? I have no choice. If I refuse to fight her, I'm a coward. If I kill her, what am I then? What is it? You've never faced a woman in combat. What if you hesitate? She could use that to her advantage. She'll defeat me? I'm just saying you need to be cautious, because it sounds she's pretty handy with a sword. Since when do you know anything about combat? I need you to take a message to Morgause for me. If I'm seen to do it, it could be viewed as cowardice. You must persuade her to withdraw the challenge. - What do you want? - I have a message from Prince Arthur. To withdraw your challenge. Arthur has no desire to fight you. If you withdraw, he'll grant you safe passage from the kingdom. Leave now, while you still can. If Arthur has no desire to fight me, perhaps he should withdraw. No. He'll never do that. It's not in him to withdraw. - Then we have that in common. - If you fight him, he will have to treat you as he does any other opponent. It won't matter that you're a woman. I do not ask for special treatment. Arthur has no quarrel with you. Why would you challenge him? My reasons are not your concern. Don't put Arthur in a position where he's forced to kill you. Who's to say Arthur's life won't rest in my hands? You gave her a chance to withdraw. Whatever happens, you are not to blame. The fight is by the Knight's Rules, and to the death. I'm offering you a final chance to withdraw. I suggest you take it. Then you leave me no choice. Make me a promise, and I will spare your life. - What is it you ask? - Come to me three days hence, and accept the challenge I set you. And the nature of it? That is for me to decide. Do I have your word that you will accept, no matter what? You have my word. You were fortunate. The wound isn't too deep. You seem familiar. Have you visited Camelot in the past? I was here many years ago. I was just a baby at the time. I doubt you would remember me. I am grateful for your help. - It could have been worse. - How exactly could it have been worse? You could be dead. I wouldn't have to face everyone. I have never felt so humiliated in my entire life. I was defeated by... a girl. It's actually quite funny when you think about it. Or not. It's like you said. I was hindered because I was fighting a woman. I was worried I was going to hurt her. That's why she won. You didn't look hindered. I'll stop talking now. I didn't mean to intrude. I wanted to introduce myself. I'm the Lady Morgana. I know who you are. How is your arm? You were wounded. It will heal soon enough. You look tired. I haven't been sleeping. I know for myself how troubling that can be. Could it be that we have met somewhere before? I am glad we have met now. - That's a beautiful bracelet. - It was a gift... from my mother. Please. I would like you to have it. It's a healing bracelet. It will help you sleep. I couldn't. You must be tired. I will leave you to rest. I hope you'll remember me fondly. Congratulations on your victory. You are a skilful swordsman... woman. Swords... Swords-woman. You have a beautiful horse. - I expect to see you three days hence. - How will I find you? When the time comes, you will know your way. If I don't show up, it might be because I don't know where I'm going. The path you must follow will become clear to you. I should thank you for allowing me to retrieve my sword. I'm starting to wish I hadn't. You showed yourself to be a man of honour. You inherited that trait from your mother. You knew my mother? I knew her very well. Wait! I was fast asleep. It's nearly midday. I can't remember the last time I slept so well. I'll fetch you some clothes. What is to be the nature of this challenge? She didn't say. I gave her my word I would accept it, no matter what. You should never have made this promise. You don't know what she might ask. She had her sword to my chest. I had no choice. Morgause said that she knew my mother. She told you this? Obviously, she's lying. She's playing on your affections for your mother to lure you into a trap. That makes no sense. She spared my life. This confirms my suspicions. I believe Morgause is an enchantress. - How else could she defeated you? - I don't believe she was using magic. You would know for certain if she were? Under no circumstances will you go to meet her or accept this challenge. - I gave her my word. - I don't care what was said to her. You will remain in Camelot. I want to hear what she knows about my mother. She knows nothing! She is lying. You will not go to her. I forbid it. So I am to break my word? Escort my son to his chambers. Under no circumstances will he be allowed to leave. You're confining me? I am protecting you from your own foolishness! Why are there guards here? My father has confined me to my chambers and has forbidden me from accepting Morgause's challenge. Well, maybe he's got a point. You don't know what she might have asked you to do. I gave her my word. I take it we're going anyway? You're smarter than you look. Gather some supplies, we leave tonight. Find a way to get me out of here. How's Arthur? You mean, after being defeated by a girl in front of the whole of Camelot? I've seen him happier. You're enjoying this. Maybe a little. I got the supplies. Is it my imagination, or are you getting fat? Are you sure you're strong enough to hold me? I'm stronger than I look. What are you doing? Lower the rope. There is no more rope! I don't know if I can hold it much longer! Do not let go of the rope. Which way? Do you actually know where we're going? This way. Come on. What is wrong with this horse? It's even dumber than you, Merlin. Where are you going? You said it was left. It's not me, it's the horse! Morgause told me. "When the time comes, you'll know your way." So the horse knows where we're going? Great! Come on, Merlin. You have been guarding an empty room! Send out a search party. Find Arthur, bring him back to Camelot. Do you have any idea what Morgause might want with Arthur? I'm afraid I don't. What if Morgause challenges you to do something you don't want to do? I'm not expecting it to be easy. That's why it's a challenge. So you'd do anything she asks of you? I gave my word. It's a question of honour. What if the challenge is to do something less honourable than breaking your word? Will you stop rabbiting on! We're in Odin's territory. We could be attacked at any second. It's strange to agree to something when you don't know what it is. One more word out of you, you'll take the challenge in my place. Don't worry. I'll deal with this. You lie there, make yourself comfortable. Maybe we should turn back. The woods could be full of Odin's men. You can go back if you want to. I won't stop you. You don't know anything about Morgause. You don't know what she's going to ask you to do. We don't even know where we're going. We're following a horse! Morgause said she knew my mother. Come in. I've brought you your sleeping draft. I could have saved you the trouble. I've had the best night's sleep I can remember. - No nightmares? - I cannot tell you what a relief it is. I only wish I could thank Morgause for her gift. Morgause gave you that bracelet? She said it would help me sleep. She spoke the truth. What is it? Nothing. I am merely surprised that it was so effective. I feel as if I somehow know Morgause. I don't see how, but I am pleased you're feeling better. What was your mother like? I never knew her. - She died before I opened my eyes. - I'm sorry. I barely know anything about her. Can't you ask your father? He refuses to talk of her. It must be too painful for him. Sometimes it's as if she never even existed. I still have... a sense of her, almost as though she is part of me. That's the same with my father. I never knew him. And my mother has barely spoken of him. I've got this vague memory... It's my imagination. I would do anything for even the vaguest memory. Why you're so determined to find Morgause? See what she knows about your mother. - Is that so wrong? - No. We should get some rest. I must speak with you. It concerns Morgause. What? While I was treating her wound, I noticed... that she wore a bracelet. Go on. It bore the mark of the great house of Gorlois. There is only one person other than Morgana who'd have cause to wear this bracelet. That is, her half-sister. I was led to believe that the child had died. The child lived, my Lord. She was smuggled out of Camelot shortly after her birth. How do you know this? It was I who entrusted the child to the high priestesses of the Old Religion. You should have told me, Gaius. I had sworn a solemn oath, my Lord. I am only breaking it now because I fear what Morgause might do. Does Morgana know? I don't believe. Morgana must never find out she has a half-sister. I will not have her loyalties divided. Of course. The high priestesses will have trained Morgause from birth. Her magic will be powerful. Then we must hope that the search party finds Arthur before he reaches her. Seems your horse has brought us to a dead end. Now where's he going? You're going to get wet. You don't say! - Where are we? - I don't know. If we weren't sure Morgause was a sorcerer before, we can be certain of it now. That must have been how she defeated me. She was using magic. It didn't look like she was. And what would you know about magic, Merlin? Nothing. Now what? We should ask the horse. There's no-one here. You kept your promise. What is the nature of the challenge you wish to set me? Place your head on the block. You gave me your word you would do anything I asked. Arthur, don't. What are you doing? - I won't let you do this! - Stay out of this, Merlin. You have shown that you truly are a man of your word. For that, I'll grant you one wish. Tell me what it is that your heart most desires. You said you knew my mother. - Tell me all that you know about her. - Perhaps you would like to see her. I want that more than anything. As you wish. The search party were unable to pick up a trail. There is no sign of Prince Arthur anywhere. Re-double your efforts. Send riders to the outlying villages. I want my son found! Yes, my Lord. It chills me to think what Morgause has planned for Arthur. Had she chosen to, she already could have killed him. I believe she has some other purpose in mind. Morgause told Arthur that she knew his mother. - She knew Ygraine? - I don't know. Perhaps it is a lie. She knew it would tempt Arthur to go to her. Morgause knows the true circumstances of Arthur's birth? I fear that more than anything. Sure you want to do this? If you were granted the opportunity, would you not want to meet your father? Uther won't forgive you if he finds out you've collaborated with a sorcerer. What if my father's attitude to magic is wrong? You really think that? It's not as simple as he would have us believe. Morgause is a sorcerer, she has caused us no harm. Surely not everyone who practises magic can be evil? We don't actually know why she's doing this. It is time. Close your eyes. Mother? My son. When I last held you, you were a tiny baby. I remember your eyes. You were staring up at me. Those few seconds I held you were the most precious of my life. I'm so sorry. You have nothing to be sorry for. - My birth caused you to die. - No. You are not to blame. I can't bear you died because of me. Do not think that. It is your father who should carry the guilt for what happened. What do you mean? It is not important. What matters is that you lived. Why should my father feel guilty? It is better left in the past. You cannot leave me with more questions. Please. Your father... He was desperate for an heir. Without a son, the Pendragon dynasty would come to an end. But I could not conceive. Then how was I born? Tell me. Your father betrayed me. He went to the sorceress Nimueh and asked for her help in conceiving a child. You were born of magic. That's not true! I'm sorry, Arthur. Your father has deceived you, as he deceived me. To create a life, a life must be taken. Your father knew that. He sacrificed my life so the Pendragon dynasty could continue. It makes you no less my son, nor me any less proud of you. Now I see you, I would have given my life willingly. Do not let this knowledge change you. - Bring her back! - I cannot. Once the doorway is closed, it is closed forever. I am truly sorry that you learnt of your mother's fate in this way. I can only imagine how it must feel to discover he is responsible for her death. It is an unforgivable betrayal. Are you all right? Fetch the horses. We're returning to Camelot. What are you gonna do? I'm relieved to see you are safe. Where's Arthur? Arthur was born of magic. Wasn't he? Uther used magic. All those people he's executed. He's as guilty as they are. He sacrificed Arthur's mother. He as good as murdered her. People should know the truth about what he has done. How could you not tell me? I feared what Arthur would do if he ever found out. He's found out now. Where have you been? I had search parties out for you. I know... what you did to my mother. Leave us. No-one is to enter. What? You were so desperate for an heir, you were prepared to use magic. Morgause tell you this? She's lying. My mother is dead because of your selfishness and arrogance. - Her blood is on your hands. - No. That's not true. - Morgause would have you believe that. - This is what fuels your hatred for those who practise magic. Rather than blame yourself for what you did, you blame them. You would believe a sorcerer over the word of your father? I can only think Morgause has enchanted you. You have hunted her kind like animals! How many hundreds have you condemned to death to ease your guilt? Those who practise magic will stop at nothing to destroy us. I have only done what is necessary to protect this kingdom. You speak of honour and nobility. You are nothin but a hypocrite and a liar! I am your king and your father, you will show me some respect! Have you lost your mind? Pick it up. I implore you. Think about what you are doing. Pick it up! I will not fight you. If you choose not to defend yourself, I will strike you down where you stand. You are my son. You will not strike an unarmed man. I no longer think of myself as your son. Then strike me down. I do not want to fight you. Stop this! - The King has forbidden to enter. - They're going to kill each other! Arthur! Don't! - I know you don't want to do this. - My mother is dead because of him! Killing your father won't bring her back. You've lost one parent, do you really want to lose another? - Listen to him, Arthur. - Arthur. Please. Put the sword down. You heard what my mother said. After everything that he has done, do you believe he deserves to live? He executes those who use magic, and yet he has used it himself. You have caused so much suffering and pain. I will put an end to that. Morgause is lying. She's an enchantress. She tricked you. That wasn't your mother. It was an illusion. Everything, everything your mother said to you, - those were Morgause's words. - You don't know that! This has been her plan all along, to turn you against your father. And if you kill him, the kingdom will be destroyed. This is what she wants. Listen to him. He speaks the truth. Swear to me that it isn't true, you are not responsible for her death. Give me your word! I swear on my life. I loved your mother. There isn't a day that passes that I don't wish she were alive. I could never have done anything to hurt her. My son. You mean more to me than anything. I'm sorry. You are not to blame. I am indebted to you. I had become... confused. It's once again clear to me that those who practise magic are evil and dangerous. And that is thanks to you. Glad I could help. My Lord. I wanted to thank you in person for your actions yesterday. You are a loyal servant to Arthur. I am most grateful. Just doing my duty. You have proven yourself to be a trusted ally in the fight against magic. Me? Those who practise magic will seek to exploit Arthur's inexperience. They will attempt to corrupt him. - You must be extra vigilant. - I'll keep my eyes peeled. I know you will. If you ever speak of what happened between myself and Arthur to another living soul, I will have you hanged. Right. Of course. Yes, my Lord. Is that Uther I saw leaving? He popped in to say hello. What did he want? He thanked me for being a trusted ally in the fight against magic. How you've managed to keep that head on your shoulders is a mystery beyond our greatest minds. Uther should be grateful. Your life would have been easier, safer if you had let him die. You must have been tempted. Maybe for a moment, Arthur wouldn't forgive himself if he'd gone through with it. It would've destroyed him. I'm proud of you. Arthur's thanking me, Uther's grateful, you're proud... I have never been this popular! I'm certain it won't last. Just let me enjoy the moment. She's fallen prey to a bounty hunter. Do you know how much money she's worth? - Why did you do that? - What? Help me. I've never known anyone like you.