(Merlin.) What is it? I don't know. We'll surround it. I want you to go in there and flush it out. You want me to go in there? You said you don't know what it is. It could be dangerous. Let's hope so. Now go. They're gonna kill you. Please, go! Arthur, no! I'm sorry. Sorry. Ha-ha! It's a unicorn. What have you done? Don't be such a girl, Merlin. What ARE you looking at? Father! A unicorn's horn to grace the walls of Camelot. Magnificent. It is the first one I have seen. Gaius. Look at this. It is very impressive, my lord. What is it, Gaius? Speak your mind. Unicorns are rare and mystical creatures. There is a legend that bad fortune comes to anyone who slays one. Nonsense. We will be the envy of every kingdom. I am pleased you like it. I don't understand how Arthur can have taken pleasure from killing the unicorn. Arthur is a hunter. It's in his blood. Whereas you are something entirely different. It was the most beautiful creature I have ever seen. I wish you had been there. It's a rare privilege. Alas, there are few unicorns still alive. You try telling that to Arthur. I can imagine it would be difficult. My horse threw a shoe. Take it to the blacksmith. Make sure he does a good job. And when you've done that, you can polish my...saddle. Merlin? Have you listened to a word I said? You've got a face like a wounded bear ever since we got back from that hunting trip. Don't tell me you're still upset about the unicorn? I don't think you should have killed it. Oh, really? And why is that? It was... It was doing no harm. What purpose did you serve by killing it? We were hunting. That's what you do. Would you have me bring it home as a pet? - Look at this. - What? - Do you know what that is? - No. Rat droppings. My chambers are infested. You need to spend less time worrying about unicorns and more time worrying about rats. My lord, the king requests your service as a matter of urgency. Find that rat. Every single ear has died. We have received reports that it is the same throughout the kingdom. I rode through this valley yesterday. The crop looked healthy then. It happened overnight. Is it a disease of some kind? Perhaps. I have asked the court physician to conduct some tests. We must ration what little food we have left. Any ideas what caused the crops to die? No disease I know of could spread through the kingdom in one night. - What could kill all the plants? - It is not killing ALL the plants. The trees and hedges are unharmed. Unfortunately, you can't eat trees and hedges. It's only killing plants we can eat? It appears so. If it's not a disease, it must be magic. We can't assume that, Merlin. Perhaps there is something in the soil or water that can explain it. I can't tell the king it's caused by sorcery until I am certain. Next! The livestock is either dying or has been eaten. Food and water is scarce. We are distributing rations, but they are meagre. This is all the grain we have? We must maintain order at all costs. Panic will make the situation worse. I will issue a decree that looters will be executed. From tonight, Camelot will be under curfew. I will see to it. Give it back. It's mine. It's not yours... Merlin. Is it true about the crops? They're all dead? I think we may have to start tightening our belts. I'm sure Arthur will think of something. And if he doesn't, I will. Merlin! Sand? And you say the well is full of it? I sent men down to the underground reservoir. There is no trace of water to be found. First the crops, and now this. It is the same throughout the kingdom. There is precious little water anywhere. Gaius. Can you offer any explanation for this? I cannot think of a scientific explanation. I can only conclude it is the result of sorcery. I believe you are right. It is the work of magic. The kingdom is under attack. Greot gecuman leccan. Gecuman gedryc waeter. I was... I was just... I was hoping you may have been trying to turn it back into water. I know I have cautioned against using magic, but if ever there was a time to use your talents, it's now. I wish I knew how. I've tried everything. If it is magic, it is more powerful magic than I possess. Patrol the market and the lower town. No-one is to leave their homes. Dismissed. Merlin. You do realise there's a curfew? Yeah, I was in your chambers, hunting for the rat. Did you find it? No. So you have been outwitted by a rat? They do say rats are very intelligent. More intelligent than you, it would seem. Go home. It'd be embarrassing to lock up my own servant for breaking the curfew! What was that? What? That means you go the other way and cut him off. - Where is he? - I didn't seen anyone. He was right here. Don't tell me you let him get past you? - Arthur, no-one passed me. - Are you blind?! Are you looking for me? I am Anhora, keeper of the unicorns. Camelot is under curfew. What is your business here? I have come to deliver a message. And who is this message for? It is for you, Arthur Pendragon. Is it you who is responsible for killing our crops, turning our water into sand? You alone are responsible for the misfortune that has befallen Camelot. Me?! You think I'd bring drought and famine upon my own people? When you killed the unicorn, you unleashed a curse. For this, Camelot will suffer greatly. If you have put a curse on Camelot, you will lift it, or you will pay with your life. Undo the curse or face execution. Only you can do that. You will be tested. You're under arrest. Until you have proven yourself, and made amends for killing the unicorn, the curse will not be lifted. If you fail any of these tests, Camelot will be damned for all eternity. And you believe what this Anhora said about the curse to be true? You said there's a legend that misfortune comes to anyone who slays a unicorn. It makes sense. Not much for breakfast, I'm afraid. We're down to our last few scraps of food. Where did you get the water to make the tea? Fortunately, for both of us, you forgot to empty your bath yesterday. You're making tea from my bath water? It's not so bad. Perhaps a little...soapy. What does Arthur think about the curse? He doesn't believe it's his fault. He's convinced Anhora is responsible for it. If you do not wish to drink bath water, make sure Arthur sees sense. I guess the rat must be as hungry as the rest of us(!) You think this is funny? Moderately. Get it mended, and find that rat. Have you given any more thought to what Anhora said last night? Well, he may have escaped last night, but at least we now know who we're looking for. I have told my father that I will find this Anhora and put an end to it. What if he's telling the truth about the curse? You think I'm responsible for bringing suffering - upon my own people? - No, not deliberately. When you killed the unicorn, I saw Anhora in the forest. Why didn't you say anything? It was just for a second, and then he disappeared. I thought I was seeing things. But he was there. - That doesn't prove anything. - He might be telling the truth. Because he was skulking about in the forest? Why would Anhora appear in Camelot, then lie? We had him cornered. He was trying to talk his way out of it by blaming me. He can disappear. He didn't have to talk his way out of anything. My father has warned me about sorcerers like him. They will not rest until our kingdom is destroyed. - I believe he's telling the truth. - Then you are a fool. You cannot trust a single word a sorcerer says. You'd do well to remember that. Now, I think I've figured out what Anhora's next move is going to be, and when he makes it, we're going to be waiting. Don't you worry about keeping watch, Merlin(!) You just make yourself comfortable. MERLIN SIGHS - And stop smacking your lips. - I'm thirsty. We're all thirsty, Merlin. HE SIGHS Psst! Someone's coming. Show yourself, before I run you through. Who are you? My name is... My name is... Speak up! My name is Evan, my lord. I see you think you can help yourself to our grain reserves? Please, my lord. I do not steal for myself. My children have not eaten for two days. It is the same for everyone. I know that it is wrong to steal. I could not bear to see them starve. And could you bear for your children to see you be executed? Then you should go home. If you are caught stealing again, I will not spare you. Yes, my lord. Thank you. Wait. Use it sparingly. It might be the last food you and your family get for some time. You have shown yourself to be merciful and kind, my lord. This will bring its own reward. - Stop him! - Come back here! Stop that man! He's been looting! I never knew water could taste so good. My throat was so dry, I thought I couldn't talk. At least some good would have come from the drought, then(!) More? The sand has disappeared and water returned to the well. It doesn't make any sense. I suppose you have some explanation for this, Merlin? Let's hear it. Anhora said you would be tested. And last night, in the grain store, you let that villager go. it would bring its own reward. He was merely grateful, - and so he should have been. - Maybe that was your first test? You passed it, so the curse has begun to lift. Perhaps THIS is your reward? I know you don't have to listen to me. I'm glad we agree on something. If you're tested again, you have a chance to end the suffering. I know you want that more than anything. Perhaps we should seek Anhora out. I cannot negotiate with sorcerers. My father wouldn't hear of it. Then it's probably best you don't tell him. I must go check on the guard. See if you can find me some food. Find some food(!) Swelt deor. Who are they? They have come from the outlying villages in search of food. We don't have enough rations to feed the people who are already here. You shouldn't blame yourself. I'm sure you're doing everything you can. It is not enough. Did you manage to find any food? Where did you get that? I was able to smuggle it out of the palace kitchens. Share it out amongst the children and the old people. Make it go as far as you can. - I have lost my appetite. - You have to eat something. I can't. Not while my people are starving. Do you really believe I am responsible for the curse? I'm afraid so. We're going to the forest first thing in the morning. Maybe we can pick up Anhora's trail. Whatever it takes. OK, but you have to eat. You won't be able to help anyone if you're too weak to pass the test. What kind of meat is this? - It has a very strange texture. - It's pork. This isn't pork. It's far too stringy. What is it? It's... It's rat, isn't it? Try not to think about it. Look at me. I'm being rude. Here I am, stuffing my face with this delicious stew when you're hungry, too. Come on. Take a seat. Eat! Mmmm. It's actually pretty tasty. Well, I'm glad you like it, because... ..there's plenty more. Enter. Morgana? I hate to ask, but I was wondering if you had anything to eat... I'm not entirely sure what I'm looking for. You're looking for footprints or broken branches. Anything that would indicate someone passed that... Merlin! Merlin! He's here! Arthur? You? You're a thief! Wasn't that obvious when you caught me stealing your grain? I have more important things to deal with... You didn't believe my story? What kind of man lies about starving children to save his own skin? Your people starve because you let thieves steal their grain. - That is why they doubt you. - You do not speak for my people. Your father would never have been fooled like that. You hold your tongue, or I will make time to teach you some manners. Your father would have had me executed, but you didn't have the stomach for it, did you, Arthur? And that's why he doubts you'll make a good king. You know nothing of what my father thinks. I think he wishes he had another son, one worthy of taking his place. You shame him. Pick up your sword. The king must fear the day when you will take the throne. He fears you do not have enough strength to defeat his enemies. The king must wonder if you are even his son. This is your doing? It was a test to see what is truly in your heart. Your tricks prove nothing. Why did you kill this man? He insulted my honour. You could have chosen to ignore his taunts. What harm would they do you? - You will lift the curse, Sorcerer. - It is not in my power. Then you will die. Killing me will not help you. Agh! You have shown that you would kill a man to defend your pride. You have failed the test. For this, Camelot will pay dearly. My people have done nothing! Your people's suffering is not my doing. It is yours. Arthur? Arthur? What is it? What has happened? All our remaining supplies have rotted. Every last grain. I know Arthur's stubborn and pig-headed and annoying, but he cares about his people... more than he cares about himself. He will not forgive himself for making his people suffer. You must make sure he doesn't do anything rash. The mood he's in, Ready? - You're sure they're not poisonous? - Quite certain. They say they taste like chicken. Unless we are to starve, This tastes nothing like chicken. There are some supplies left in the palace stores. We are distributing them, but there is not enough to live on. They will not survive for long. Then you must stop distributing food to the people. They will starve. We must conserve the food we have for our army. We cannot let our people go without food. We must defend the kingdom - What is the point defending a...? - What would you have me do?! Ask the neighbouring kingdoms for help. They may be able to spare some food. No. As soon as they realise how we weak we are, - our enemies will strike against us. - You don't know that... I would rather starve than beg my enemies for help. What of our kingdom's reputation? Have you no pride? I cannot think of my pride when our people go hungry. They are all I can think of. Give the order to stop distributing food to the people. Is that understood? You will have to give that order yourself. Very well. But if you had caught the sorcerer, I would not have to. That's your responsibility. One day you will understand what it takes to be king. They don't yet know that there is worse to come. What do you mean? My father is going to stop distributing food to the people. They are to be left to starve. I had a chance to lift the curse. And I have failed them. You weren't to know you were being tested. My people are starving. Camelot is on the verge of collapse. It is all my doing. Anhora! SOUND ECHOES Show yourself. Anhora! You wanted to talk with me? I have come to seek your help. The people are starving. They will soon be dead. You must believe me when I say it gives me no pleasure to see your people suffering. If it pains you, put an end to it. It is not in my power to lift the curse. Then give Arthur another chance. He has accepted it is his responsibility. He will prove himself worthy and lift the curse if you give him a chance. You have faith in Arthur? I trust him with my life. Arthur must go to the Labyrinth of Gedref. There, he will face a final test. If he fails, there is no hope. The curse will destroy Camelot. Wait! What kind of test will he face? ANHORA: That is for Arthur alone to discover. Let me come with you. I might be able to help. You're not coming. I brought this curse upon Camelot. I'm gonna be the one to lift it, or die trying. How does you dying help anyone? I will die knowing I did everything I can. I'm coming with you. Merlin, you are to stay here, and help the people as best you can. Is that understood? You said Arthur would face a test. - You're preparing a trap for him. - The trap isn't for Arthur. It is for you. Gehaeftan. Merlin? I'm sorry. Let him go. I will take your test, but not till he's released. That is not possible. Merlin is part of the test. Please sit. If you refuse the test, you will have failed and Camelot will be destroyed. I thought I told you to stay at home. Let's get on with it. There are two goblets before you. One of the goblets contains a deadly poison, the other goblet, a harmless liquid. All the liquid in both goblets must be drunk, but each of you may only drink from a single goblet. What kind of ridiculous test is that? What does that prove? What it proves is for you to decide. If you pass the test, the curse will be lifted. Let's think about this. What if I drink from my goblet first? If it's poisoned, you'll die. And if it's not, then you will have to drink from yours, and you die. There must be a way round it. It is perfectly simple. One of us has to die. We have to find a way to determine which goblet has the poison. Then I'll drink it. I will be the one to drink it. This is my doing. I'm drinking it. It is more important you live. You're the future king. I'm a servant. This is no time to be a hero, Merlin. It really doesn't suit you. What if I drink from mine first, and if that's not poisoned, I will then drink yours. He said each of us is only allowed to drink from a single goblet. I had no idea you were so keen to die for me. Trust me, I can hardly believe it myself. I'm glad you are here, Merlin. I've got it! We pour all the liquid into one goblet and then we can be sure it is poisoned. Then all the liquid can be drunk, and from a single goblet. You never cease to surprise me. You are a lot smarter than you look. Is that actually a compliment? Look out! - No! I will drink it. - As if I'd let you. You can't die. This isn't your destiny. - It seems you're wrong again. - Listen to me! You know me, Merlin. Arthur! No! What have you done? Arthur! No! Arthur. Arthur. Come on! Arthur, come on. Come on. Come on! No... Come on. Please. Please! Let me take his place! This was Arthur's test, not yours. You have killed him. I was meant to protect him. He is not dead. He has merely consumed a sleeping draft. He will come round shortly. What? A unicorn is pure of heart. If you kill one, you must make amends by proving that you also are pure of heart. Arthur was willing to sacrifice his life to save yours. He has proven what is truly in his heart. The curse will be lifted. Merlin, Arthur, there is good news. The crops are growing once again. - They are bringing in the harvest. - You did it. Is this your doing? Is the sorcerer dead? He won't be troubling us any more. Good. Make sure the grain reserves are re-stocked. I will see to it. There is something we must do first. I should never have ended your life. I'm sorry. (Arthur...) ANHORA: When he who kills a unicorn proves himself to be pure of heart... You didn't say anything about magic. - Find him. - You're under arrest. You execute Gwen's father and I will never forgive you. Take care, child, or I'll have you restrained. - More than ever, I want Uther dead. - Then the deed is as good as done. Only if Uther dies will you be free, Merlin. Wait! Where does it say my destiny includes murder? If you had the power of life and death over Uther, would you kill him? transcript:chocolate