rests on the shoulders of a young boy.</i> His name... Merlin. Mistress? Is it done? Yes, mistress. The potion is prepared. Then Camelot and all its riches will soon be mine. Camelot. Arthur's Knights Merlin - 2x05 Beauty and the Beast (1/2) Keep up, Merlin. We've got a busy day ahead. It's a busy day every day. You and Arthur, you work me to the bone. Do stop moaning. At least the work's interesting. We're collecting pots. We do the same thing each and every Thursday at exactly the same time and nothing interesting ever happens. Please. We seek Uther Pendragon. Where can he be found? We have urgent business with the King. Any business you have with the King will have to be pursued through the usual channels. But this is the seal of the House of Tregor. - Where did you get this? - It does not belong to me. It belongs to me. My lady. Lady Catrina. Is it really you? I can hardly believe it myself. We had tidings from the North that the House of Tregor had fallen to invaders. All that you heard was true, my Lord, and worse. - But your father... the King... - Gone, Sire. The enemy attacked without warning. We were outnumbered five to one. He could not endure. I would never have survived had it not been for my faithful servant, Jonas. But we did survive. And we have made it this far. Forgive me, my lord. I fear my trials have taken their toll. Your sufferings are beyond... imagining, my lady. It would be an honour to help you in any way we can. A bed for the night would be most welcome. Then consider yourselves as our esteemed guests. - It is the least that we can do. - Thank you. She's very brave. Sounds terrible, what she's been through. Terrible, indeed. What's wrong? Nothing. Job for you! Work, work, work... I'm sorry it's not quite what you're used to. Forgive me but I didn't get your name? Well, Merlin, considering we spent last night in a cave, this will do very nicely. Thank you. If you need anything, just ask. My master's chambers are only upstairs. My mistress and I could not be more grateful for the kindness you have shown us. You're welcome. I can't sleep here. This whole place stinks of cleanliness. Do not worry, mistress. I will find you somewhere more... suitable. This is wonderful. Thank you. It's an honour. The Houses of Tregor and Pendragon have been allies as long anyone can remember. My father often spoke of you, my lord. And I will remember him always. I'm sorry we didn't met. I'm sorry too. For the House of Tregor is no more. No, Catrina. It lives on in you. I only wish that were true. It is, my lady, your courage, your modesty and you are as you always were. Ever since you were a child. I fear I am much changed since then, my lord. Yes, it's true. You are far more beautiful now. I'm sorry. Hard day's training. - If you'll excuse me. - Of course. I should retire myself. Can I get you anything else? You've hardly touched your food. I'm sorry. I find I have little appetite, ever since that day. - I wish I had been there for you. - But you are helping me now. Your kindness, your companionship. I must also bid you good night, my lord. It's been a long day. Of course. Good night, my lady. There's something really different about the Lady Catrina. Most of Uther's guests treat me like the dirt on their shoes. But she was really nice, even after all she's been through. She was always very gracious. - You've met her before? - It was many years ago. I doubt if she would remember. - I have a job for you. - Does it ever end? Give this to the Lady Catrina. - With my compliments. - What is it? - She'll know what it is. - But what is it? What's that? Compliments of the King. Revolting. Uther's so stupid. So blinded by pretty things. Already he falls for me. I can see it in his eyes. It is only a matter of time before he is completely under my control. Excellent. Jonas, you must take these back to the kitchens. It's perfectly rotten. I'm sorry, I did not mean to intrude. That's quite all right. At least I wasn't undressing. The court physician asked me to give you this. What is it? Gaius prepared it for you. I'm terribly sorry. There must be some mistake. I requested no medicine. - Are you sure? - Quite sure, thank you. I am in perfect health. She didn't ask for it, she didn't need it, she didn't even want it. Interesting. If you say so. When I treated her as a child it was for an incurable disease. Catrina had a rare bone disorder afflicting her joints. She often had difficulty walking, especially after a long ride. My tonic was the only thing that brought her relief. She walks as well as you or I. So I noticed. So, the tonic was some kind of test? Indeed. And I'm starting to wonder if the Lady Catrina is really the Lady Catrina at all. What a charming idea this is, Uther. A ride before breakfast always gives me a healthy appetite. I've had the kitchens prepare us something special. How sweet of you. Can I help you? I was just changing the sheets. Please, go ahead. Don't let me get in your way. All done, thank you. Aren't you forgetting something? Right. - What did you find? - Something wasn't right in there. There was this strange smell and I could have sworn the Lady Catrina's bed hadn't been slept in. And there was something else. As I was leaving, I thought I saw something. This is going to sound mad, but it looked like Jonas had a tail. A tail? - Are you sure? - Well, I only glimpsed it for a moment. - I could be wrong. - No, I believe you. We must keep an eye on her. A very close eye. How wonderful it is to sit here with you, Uther. It is a terrible thing to find oneself alone in the world. Suddenly, cruelly alone. When Ygraine died, I feared I would never recover... But then as time passed, I have become used to being alone. But you have Morgana and Arthur. Surely they are a comfort to you? They are. Of course. Both of them. It must be hard to be King and father both. To shoulder all that responsibility by yourself. But I feel sure, my lord, that you and I shall not remain alone forever. We will find love anew, a kindred spirit to share the burden of this life. I believe we will. Honestly. - Look at them. - Are you all right? Don't you think it's odd how quickly they've become close. There's nothing odd about that. My father is a wealthy and powerful man. - Good evening, Sire. - A very good evening to you, Gaius. - You seem in high spirits. - I am, I am. The Lady Catrina has struck a chord with you. Catrina is a remarkable woman. That she is, Sire. You may remember I treated her as a child. Such courage in the face of her condition. Condition? What are you talking about? I thought you knew, Sire. I diagnosed Catrina with an incurable bone disease. Evidently you were wrong. There's nothing the matter with her now. It has been a miraculous recovery, I must say. I'm sorry, Gaius, what are you suggesting? I'm not suggesting anything, Sire. It's just, a little strange, that's all. The only strange thing I see is that you won't admit that you were wrong. Sire, this is not about me. It's about the Lady Catrina. The Lady Catrina is our honoured guest and you will show her the respect that she deserves. Is there something on your mind, my lord? It's nothing. Speak, my lord. Is it true that as a child you suffered from a terrible illness? - Who told you that? - Gaius, the court physician. He said he treated you for it. Yes, my lord. What he says is true. But as you can see, I suffer no more. And for that you must be eternally grateful. After all, Gaius thought your condition was incurable, did he not? Well, fortunately for us, physicians are often mistaken. Even your famous Gaius. It is unusual, though, for such a serious illness to cure itself. Almost a miracle. I can neither deny it, nor explain it. But miracles do happen. After all, is it not a miracle that we should find each other again after all this time? And my good fortune continues. For you are a remarkable man, Uther Pendragon. You are brave, but compassionate. You are powerful, but modest. Most of all... you are very, very... handsome. - I'm sorry. - No, my lord, - it is I who must apologise. - It's a long time since Ygraine, since anyone. I understand completely. There's no hurry. We have all the time in the world. And that time will come. I have no doubt, that you have prepared a very good explanation for this. Apparently I'm wrong. Please tell me you weren't spying on Lady Catrina. - It's not what it seems. - Yes, it's exactly what it seems. You've led a sheltered life. You have no social skills whatsoever and Catrina is, I admit, an attractive woman. I understand completely. If I ever find you doing it again I'll feed you to the dogs, - do I make myself clear? - Yes. Absolutely, Sire. What you saw is seldom seen. Trolls despise all other living things, especially humans. They prefer to lurk in the darkness of their nests, feasting on rot and filth. - And Jonas? Is he a troll too? - Who can tell what creature he is. It makes no sense. If trolls like to lurk in their caves so much, - what's this one doing in Camelot? - Trolls are greedy. Lady Catrina is like the rest of her kind. She lusts after wealth and power. Uther's wealth and power. We have reached the point of no return. Uther has to be told. You're going to tell Uther that his new lady friend's a troll? That's exactly what I'm going to do. Good luck. Thank you, Merlin. - My lord. - Yes, Gaius. I have served you for many years now. I like to think that in my humble capacity, I have advised you to the best of my ability, and that my advice has proven to be of value to you. This is true. And so I must advise you that the Lady Catrina is not all that she seems to be. Then tell me, Gaius. Who is she? I believe her to be... She's... Come on. Out with it. She is a troll, Sire. Excuse me? Some trolls have the power to take any shape they please. This one has taken a shape that pleases you. You are besotted, my lord. - The creature has you in its power. - Gaius, this is utterly ludicrous. Please, Sire. Her entire family is wiped out but she alone escapes!? She has an incurable disease but makes a miraculous recovery!? And that is nothing but idle gossip. Is it gossip she does not eat her food!? Of course she doesn't. She feasts on rotten fruit like any other troll! Enough! This attack is unwarranted and malicious. Sire, her servant is not human, he has a tail. I said enough! Sire, please, I just advise you not to do anything rash. And I advise you to hold your tongue, physician, or I will indeed do something rash. Did you sleep well last night, mistress? - Very well, thank you. - We have a problem. Last night. You were followed. Who? The boy, Merlin. Shall I dispose of him, mistress? That may arouse suspicion. But it is time that Uther bent to my wishes. - And if he does not? - Well, he'll have no choice. There's more than one way to enchant a man. Please, don't say anything. - I wasn't going to say anything. - You were going to say I told you so. I was. But I'm not going to now. - Uther didn't take it well. - You see, I told you. Sorry. But I know him, Merlin. He's a proud man but he's not stupid. He will reflect on what I said. I'm sure he will. Let's hope you're right. Dinner time. Isn't this perfect? You and me together. A toast, to us. I'm not sure everyone sees it that way. Well, there will always be those who resist change. - That's to be expected. - We must be mindful of public opinion. What are you trying to say, my lord? Perhaps if you were to visit your cousins for a while. To show people that we're not rushing into anything. You would let yourself be bullied by some petty-minded fools? But of course, of course, my lord. If that is what you wish, then that is what I shall do. It is as you said, we have all the time in the world. Before I go, my lord, there's something I want to give you. It belonged to my father. - And his father before him. - Catrina, I couldn't possibly. I want you to have it. Perhaps when you look at it, it will remind you of me... ... and the times that we have spent together. I shall wear it always. That is as well. For while others doubt me, you must not. You cannot doubt me. For am I not beautiful, my lord? You are beautiful. Am I not your heart's desire? You are my heart's desire. Then seal it, my lord. Seal it, with a kiss. A kiss. - Good morning, mistress. - It is indeed, Jonas. The King was receptive to your advances? How could he resist such beauty? The enchantment proved effective then. He is but a puppet in my hands. You called for me, Sire? You will be delighted to hear that none of the worries you brought to my attention have any truth to them whatsoever. Sire? I hope, over time, you will come to see Catrina as she really is. Over time? I've asked Catrina to extend her stay indefinitely. I consider the matter closed, and I hope you show me the courtesy of doing the same. It's no good. I can tell him she's a troll till I'm blue in the face. He won't listen. He sees only a charming, beautiful woman. With a body like a tree trunk. But we only know that because you saw her in troll form. What do we do? We must open Uther's eyes. Show her for what she really is. - Using magic? - The only way to reveal her true form. But she never leaves his side. I know. You want me to use magic in front of the king? I do. - I'd never get away with it. - I'm sorry. I know how dangerous this is. But we cannot allow her to gain any further control over the King. Who knows the consequences? Just one problem. I know nothing about troll magic. Then we have work to do. A beautiful day. The first of many, I hope. How fine it must be to have all this at your command. Can be a burden sometimes. Let me share your burden, my lord. Together we could achieve so much. There is nothing I'd like more. Would it not be a good idea to send a message to those who doubt us? To show all of Camelot the strength of our love, our commitment. - What did you have in mind? - I was thinking of something traditional, something permanent. Here! The Spell of Revelation, with which the true nature of a thing may be revealed. But this applies only to objects, things, not living creatures. I know. Principle's the same, isn't it? I have to try it. What other choice do we have? Very well. But choose your moment carefully. Trolls are vicious creatures. Come in. The King requests you in the council chambers. Thank you all for coming. You are no doubt wondering why I have gathered you here today. Though we live in dark times, today I bring you light... and love. It gives me the greatest pleasure to inform you that the Houses of Tregor and Pendragon are to be united in the closest bond of all. I am to marry Lady Catrina of Tregor. I am to marry Lady Catrina tomorrow. This union heralds a new dawn for the Kingdom. A new beginning... ... and a new queen for all here in Camelot. I could not hope to have made a better match. I hope you shall all share in our joy. Thank you. - What happened? - I'm sorry, mistress. - I was not prepared. - Quick. My potion. It was the boy, Merlin. It seems he has magic. Do not concern yourself. I resisted him easily enough. There's no telling what he'll do next. He could ruin everything. That cannot be allowed to happen. What would you have me do, mistress? I think it's time we set a trap. I'm sorry. I tried. - I gave it everything I had. - Not your fault. You did your best. The Spell of Revelation is powerful magic. I could see she could feel it. Her magic must be strong indeed to be able to resist you. - Where are you going!? - To see Arthur, he's our only hope. I'm going to tell you something. It's not going to be easy. Right. It concerns the Lady Catrina. You're not using my chambers to spy on her again. Trust me. I saw everything I needed to see. I'm sure you did. She's a troll. - She's not that bad. - I'm serious, she's an actual troll. I know what you're trying to do. I appreciate it, you're a true friend. But it's not about whether I like her. It's what makes my father happy. And when they announced the wedding, I realised Lady Catrina does just that. - She makes him happy. - He won't be so damn happy when he discovers his wife's a monster!! Enough. She's the future Queen of Camelot, whether you like it or not. So you better get used to it. - I'm sorry. - What's wrong with you? I'm a slave, a prisoner. - What are you talking about? - My mistress, she is not as she seems. But you know as much. Go on. I'm listening. She is a cruel, wicked creature. She keeps me in chains. She hurts me. Her magic. I can't escape it. She twists my mind, as she is twisting your King's. Why are you telling me this? - I can help you. - How? Below the castle, where she sleeps. She keeps her potions there. Every night she must take these potions. It is the magic that transforms her from beast to beauty. If you were to take these from her. She must remain as a beast and then your King would not be so keen, I think. Tell me, Jonas. Why should I believe any of this? You must do as you think fit. But if my mistress is not stopped, by morning, she will be Queen. You won't find anything in there. You may possess some magic, wretch, but you are no match for me. Have I ever looked more revolting? No, mistress. You always say the right thing. My lords, ladies, and gentleman of Camelot, we are gathered here today to celebrate, by the ancient rite of handfasting, the union of Uther Pendragon and Lady Catrina of Tregor. Is it your wish, Uther, to become one with this woman? It is. Is it your wish, Catrina, to become one with this man? It is. Do any say nay? Can I help you? - Are you lost? - Step aside, Jonas. The King's wedding is by invitation only. I said get out of my way. I'm so sorry, but I regret to say that you are not invited. With this garland I do tie a knot, and by doing so, bind your hands and your hearts for all eternity. Leave my mistress alone. I, Uther Pendragon, King of Camelot. I shall not seek to change thee in any way. I shall respect thee, as I respect myself. I now pronounce you to be Husband and Wife. Queen Catrina will be named as rightful heir to the throne. If Uther dies, she will rule Camelot? Shut up and give me the crown. My plan to undermine Arthur is underway.