to save the president. I'll make a run for the lockdown room. There are five canisters of CH-4. - All we need is one stray bullet. - A suicide play, Jack. We don't have a choice. Don't you move! We have the president! The president is secure! I'm so sorry, Jack. - I know that he was your friend. - It was supposed to be me. Juma and his men were not working alone. The only lead we've got is Ryan Burnett. He knew about the attack, and chances are, he's gonna know who Juma was talking to. I'm thinking about bringing Olivia on as a special advisor. Nobody's forgotten what she did during the campaign. Leaking damaging personal information about your opponent to the press. She's changed. It's not the past that concerns me. Do you think this would've happened if my mother had a chief advisor who knew what was going on in her administration? I just got off the phone with Ethan Kanin. He's ordering me to let Bauer interrogate Burnett. I didn't want to go behind your back, but you didn't leave me any choice. I want you to clean out your office and hand in your badge. I'm suspending you. Jack Bauer's on his way to Kennedy Memorial Hospital. Burnett will tell him everything. I have already sent somebody to the hospital to deal with Burnett. He can take care of Bauer at the same time. - You lay one finger on him, it's over. - All right. Juma's attack failed. He's dead, so are his men. Get me the hell out of here! You're not going anywhere. What happened? What's going on? Damn it, Bauer, open the door! I want a high-priority APB issued for Jack Bauer. Larry, it's Jack. Listen to me. I'm being set up. Don't let them get away with this. This threat is not over. I dropped my wife off here five hours ago, and now no one can tell me where she is. The White House has been attacked. We're in the midst of an urgent protocol. Exactly. That's why I'd like to know if my wife is all right. - She is. She's fine. - Where is she? - Tell me. - In a holding room on the third floor. - What? - She's been arrested. That's absurd. What's she charged with? I want to see her. I've told you more than I should have. Agent Moss'll tell you all you need to know. In the meanwhile, I have to ask you to wait in the conference room, okay? Please. I'm sorry. Please escort him to the conference room. Thank you. Larry's calling for you. He says it's urgent. - What line? - Three. Sign here, verifying you understand the terms of your suspension, and again here... - Agent Walker? - Go ahead, I'm listening. - Larry, it's Janis. - Ryan Burnett is dead. How? Bauer was interrogating him when it happened, and we're responsible. - You say that Bauer killed Burnett? - I don't know. He escaped before I could get to him. He called me, said he was being set up and he wouldn't come in. I lost him, Janis. - I lost him and it's on me to find him. - Just tell me what you need. I already sent out a all-agency APB. I need you to follow up on that. I'm coming back to the office right now. I'll coordinate the search operation from there. Open an all-agency channel with flags for immediate action on Jack Bauer. I'll make sure the police departments are linked in. - On it. - Thank you. Janis, what did Larry say? Jack get anything out of Burnett? You're suspended. I cannot discuss this with you. Janis, this was my case. Tell me if Jack got anything out of Burnett. Burnett is dead. Well, tell me what happened. Bauer was there, and now he's missing. - Janis, the channel's open. - Thank you. That's all I know, honestly. So, please, let me get back to work, okay? Please attach Jack Bauer's profile to the APB. Got you. Renee, it's Jack. Don't hang up the phone, please.</i> Whatever they told you, I did not kill Burnett. Bill was right. There are still powerful people involved that were not named in Dubaku's drive. They're trying to cover their tracks. They killed Burnett, and they framed me. Even if I wanted to help you, Larry has every law enforcement agency looking for you, - and I have been suspended. - All I want you to do is make an I.D. I got a frame grab from the surveillance. I sent you a photo of the man who killed Burnett. It's in your inbox. This man i's the only connection I have to whoever else is involved. Please, I need your help. Look, I know you don't agree with some of the things I did today, but I'm telling you the truth. You know what? Forget it. I'm sorry. I made a mistake. I'll call you back at this number. Metro police, this is the FBI reporting.</i> We have a suspect, Jack Bauer, that's escaped custody.</i> All available units, please respond. Yes, Quinn. Bauer got away from the FBI. How? Bauer is an extremely impressive operative.</i> You don't have to tell me that. But the FBI has launched a major effort to apprehend him. He won't be able to avoid them for long.</i> We'll see, won't we? Monitor the situation, keep me apprised. Yes, sir. If Bauer connects us to Juma, it could seriously impede this operation. Yes, it could. Is the shipment on time? Yes. Due into port in the next hour. Then I don't foresee a problem. Once the weapons are deployed, then it doesn't matter what Mr. Bauer or anyone else knows. Something wrong? No, sir. Mr. Seaton, I get no pleasure from the knowledge that people will die at our hands. One single soul, the loss of one soul is tragic to me, let alone the numbers we're talking about. But do not forget that every war worth fighting involves collateral damage. And what we're doing is fundamentally and absolutely necessary. And I know you understand that. Of course. Wake up our colleagues and have them assembled in one hour. And tell them to pack their pajamas and their toothbrushes. It's gonna be a long night. - I have an I.D. - Who is it? John Quinn. Black Ops combat vet. Served tours all over the world. Now he works for Starkwood. - The defense consultant? - yeah, they started out as consultants, but over the past few years, while you were out of the country, the Pentagon outsourced billions of dollars in contracts to them. - What kind of contracts? - Manpower. Starkwood's basically a private army. They recruit ex-soldiers and SWAT team members from around the world, then they hire them back to the military security teams. We're talking thousands of men deployed here and abroad. - Starkwood work with Juma? - If they did, it wasn't on the books. But, you know, if anyone knows, it's Senator Mayer. - Why Mayer? - After he dismantled CTU, he launched several investigations. One of them is looking at Starkwood. - What were they accused of? - The hearings are classified, but supposedly, Mayer has enough to put them out of business. Okay, I'm gonna need to talk to him. See if you can access the CIRG logs. - They should have a location on him. - Okay. - I'll send you Mayer's location ASAP. - Thanks. - Agent Walker's still here? - She was just in her office. But there's somebody waiting to see you in the conference room. They need to... Just have a few more forms to fill out, then I'm taking off. You hear what happened? After everything that Jack's done today, you really believe e murdered Burnett? I don't know. I don't care. He's a federal fugitive and needs to be found. But you think it's possible that he did this? 'cause I'm not sure that I do. It's been a long day. Go home, get some sleep. - I'll call you in the morning. - Okay. Excuse me, Larry. Morris O'Brian is waiting in the conference room. He wants to know why his wife is in holding. Renee talked to Bauer. How do you know? Access her phone log for the last 15 minutes and get into her workstation, find out what she's been doing. All right. If we want to catch Bauer, she's our best shot. We've received confirmation that President Taylor</i> will be making a statement to the country shortly.</i> She is expected to address the attack on the White House</i> that ended an hour ago in a startling rescue.</i> Based on the few details we have, we do know the rescue resulted in the death of General Juma and all of his forces.</i> Angela, how much lead time does the media need, once I'm finished with my revisions? The major outlets will put us on immediately. I'll be done shortly. Thank you, Angela. I have a thought about the speech, if you'd like to hear it. Of course. Right now your main thrust is reassurance. The attacks are behind us, everything's going to be back to normal. But I think you're missing an opportunity here. To do what? Claim victory. To say that Juma's death means standing up to tyranny works, and that your decision to send troops into Sangala was the right one. I'm not sure that this is the appropriate time to sound triumphant, Livy. A lot of lives were lost today. And by addressing those deaths, you give them meaning. Those people are heroes who died in a war that was worth fighting. Let's work it in. Come in. Madam President, I have some troubling news. May I speak with you alone? You may speak freely in front of Olivia. Just after the attack on the White House, Jack Bauer came forward with a disturbing claim. He said there were people still at large who were involved in the conspiracy, persons unknown who had helped Juma plan and execute the attacks. Did Bauer have any evidence of this? Nothing concrete. But he promoted the notion that Ryan Burnett was our best chance of identifying these people, and Bauer asked to be allowed to question him. This was supposed to be a controlled situation. A ploy to intimidate Burnett into giving up intel. So, I granted Bauer's request. It was a terrible mistake. What happened, Ethan? Burnett is dead. My God... The evidence suggests that he was killed by Bauer. I don't believe it! His claim of another party being involved in the attacks appear to have been a fabrication. A fabrication. It may have something to do with Bill Buchanan's death, no one knows. But Madam President, I take full responsibility. I was trying to insulate you. To provide you with deniability in case anything went wrong. Or was it because you thought the president would say no? Where is Bauer now? At large. The FBI is devoting its full resources to the manhunt. Let me know the minute they find him. Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry. Looks like everything. She's on the move. Where's Bauer? - I don't know. - Don't you lie to me. We traced two calls from your cell to a phone that was reported stolen. And we know you accessed a classified government database and sent someone's name and address to Bauer. That makes you an accessory after the fact. Now tell me where he is. I can't. - Damn it! - I still don't believe he did this. Then explain to me why he's not turning himself in, letting us help him find this mysterious third party. Because he was framed and he doesn't trust our ability to work through it. And after what we've put him through, how can you blame him? You're actually willing to sacrifice everything to protect him. Once Jack finds the evidence, he will call us. You know, Janis is decrypting what you sent. It's not going to take her a long time. We are going to find him. Renee, tell me whose information you sent. I'll let the AG know that you're cooperating. I'm sorry, Larry. Put her in holding. Mirandize her. - Good night, Senator. - I see you in the morning. Keep your hands where I can see them, Senator. Take a seat. I know what you did to Ryan Burnett. I'm not going to let you butcher me like you did him. You want me dead, Bauer, - you'll have to kill me where I stand. - If I wanted to kill you, Senator, you'd be dead already. Now take a seat! You're a real enigma, Bauer. An hour after you save the president from terrorists, you murder a federal witness in cold blood. I didn't kill Burnett. This man did. Do you know who he is? His name is John Quinn. He works for Starkwood. What does Starkwood have to do with this? I don't know yet. I know they sent someone to kill Burnett and frame me to cover up their involvement in what's happened, including the attack on the White House. That's a hell of a theory, Bauer. But you'll have to spin a better story if you want it to get you off the hook. I did not come here to clear my name. I'm trying to understand the connection between Juma and Starkwood. There isn't one. I've spent the better part of six months investigating Starkwood. If there was a connection to Juma or Sangala, I would know it. I want to see every file you have concerning that investigation. Look... Starkwood has let their security teams run amok all over the world, with no oversight. They've bribed their way into large contracts, they've tried to influence foreign policy to their own benefit, all good reasons why this country should not be outsourcing its military operations to private corporations. And I am going to shut them down. But there is nothing to remotely suggest they'd be involved in terrorist attacks on their own country for any amount of money. Maybe they have different reasons for helping Juma. - Like what? - I don't know. I believe this country is still under attack, and there has to be a reason. And I'm supposed to believe this, coming from a man who's holding me hostage? I need access to those files. And if the connection between Juma and Starkwood isn't there, will you turn yourself in, then? Just open the files, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the president will be making a brief statement tonight. Good luck, Mom. I'm sure you'll understand, based on the events of today, there will be no opportunity for follow-up questions. Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States. Thank you very much. Thank you. My fellow Americans, John Adams, the first president to take up residence in the White House, once prayed for Heaven to bestow its blessings on this place. Tonight, those blessings have seen us through a brutal attack by a desperate tyrant. We have lost friends and loved ones here, but we have prevailed. I have commanded law enforcement agencies, emergency services and first responders - to keep their deployment... - Mr. Kanin, Ken Dellao, CNB. I'm wondering if you can confirm some information I received a short time ago? Ken, this is clearly not the time... I'm going to be reporting in this evening's broadcast that a rogue ex-federal agent named Jack Bauer is the prime suspect in the murder of Ryan Burnett. ... cannot forget today's events. The lives we lost... Where did you get this? - So, it's true, then? - I'm not confirming anything. I'll also report that you authorized Bauer's release from custody and arranged for his access to the victim. ... daughters and sons, brothers and sisters, but they have not taken our spirit. Make no mistake, today's attacks were intended to crush our resolve. - Mr. Kanin. - I said no comment. But America is not so easily broken. Our military action in Sangala has been a success. At this hour, our forces have taken control of Sangala City. We have won. - I see you're back to your old tactics. - What? You leaked the story of Burnett's murder and my involvement to the press. Ethan, I don't know what you're talking about. ... all our men and women, and to the families of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice.</i> Don't bother denying it. I can count on one hand the number of people who knew I'd authorized Bauer's release. So another one of your errors in judgment bites you on the ass. And you think you can lay the blame on me. Do you realize what you've done? In trying to hurt me, you'll have caused tremendous damage to your mother. The president has gone on record that torture is unacceptable under any circumstances. When this gets out, it will look like Bauer was sent exactly for that. It'll be a political disaster. You've gone too far this time. I'm not listening to you anymore. - You will not get away with this. - Get your hands off me. As Americans, we should stand together proud of what we have achieved. Thanks to the efforts and the sacrifices of so many, this place, our national home, stands tall tonight. And all our citizens can sleep soundly with the knowledge that the blessings of freedom continue to shine upon us all. No, there's been no sign of Bauer in the Northeast sector, so expand your cordon to the 25-mile mark. And be prepared to back up Metro. I'm directing them to begin random traffic stops, citywide. Thank you. I isolated the data Renee uploaded to Bauer, - but I can't get past the file header. - What does that mean? She encrypted the name and address she used, - and I can't seem to crack it. - You can't? She used her personal computer. This is very serious encryption. There are some high-level people who can do it. - Like who? - Chloe O'Brian, but from what you've told me, she's too loyal to Bauer. - Is her husband still here? - Yeah, he's waiting to see you. According to her file, he's a level-six analyst, too. I have no idea how much longer I'm going to be here. Just do me a favor and give Prescott his babu before you put him down. Yeah, I'm going to have to call you back. - Mr. O'Brian, I'm Larry Moss. - Yeah, I'd like to see my wife. All right. What the bloody hell are you holding her for? Obstruction, evidence tampering. I think you should be more concerned about what you can do to get her out. Sorry? Help us find Jack Bauer. Last I heard from Chloe, Jack was working for the Bureau. That's you, if I'm not mistaken. He was. Until he snapped and murdered a federal witness. Really? I find that hard to believe. All that's relevant here is that your wife is going to be prosecuted for colluding with Bauer, unless you help us find him. A short time ago, one of our agents was in touch with Jack Bauer. She sent a name and address that we assume is his next destination. Unfortunately, it's encrypted with Blowfish 148. No one here knows how to crack that. Therefore, we need your help. Please. You have to understand something: Jack Bauer and my wife have a very long history. - I consider him to be a friend. - And he'll have his day in court. But the case against your wife is rock solid. I can't. We're talking about her serving a minimum sentence of 15 years. Your son will 19 by the time she gets out of prison. I want guarantees of full immunity, no jail time, expulsion of all charges from her record. You have my word. You are a witness to this agreement. Show me the file. Original information... 16- or 32-bit word length? 32. - Native or modified data points? - Native. The designer of this algorithm built a backdoor into his code. Decryption's a piece of cake if you know the override codes. - And you do? - Yeah. Will this take long? Course not. Can you tell me specifically when you'll have the file decrypted? Yes. Now. Your agent sent Jack to 951 Deerbrook Avenue, Georgetown, residence of Senator Blaine Mayer. Assemble the field teams. Tell them we have a probable location on Bauer. And get Metro PD on the way. No luck reaching Mayer on his cell or at the house. The phone company said the line was shorted out on-site. - That's Bauer. - Why is he doing this? Because Mayer spent the last 6 months trying to send Bauer to prison for the rest of his life. All right, Metro PD is closing in on Mayer's residence. I've authorized them to move in when they're in position and at strength. I told them, and I'm telling you, it is impossible to overestimate Bauer. He has more training and experience than anybody in this room, and that includes myself. Okay, let's move. Agent Moss will be running on-point tactical with FBI teams on 5. All units must register and log their com through me, and I will distribute recognition codes and credentials. I can't believe you. You're helping them catch Jack. I did it for you. This is the last thing I would have wanted. How could you? Let's see, for a start, I thought it might be nice to spare Prescott the inconvenience of having a convict for a mother. - Jack saved your life. - I don't deny that I owe him. But my child and my marriage comes first, and it should for you, too. Chloe, love, you've helped Jack enough. You have. And you can't go deciding to make this... sacrifice on your own anymore. But he didn't do what they say. Then he can prove that when they take him into custody. If they give him the chance. At the hearing this morning, you said you had no regrets about what you've done. But what I saw was a man full of regret. Of course I have regrets, Senator. I regret losing my family. My wife was murdered because I was responsible for protecting David Palmer during an assassination attempt. My daughter can't even look at me. Every day, I regret looking into the eyes of men, women and children, knowing that, any moment, their lives might be deemed expendable to protect the greater good. I regret every decision or mistake I might have made that resulted in the loss of a single innocent life. But you know what I regret the most? Is that this world even needs people like me. So you think I'm naive to believe we need to hold ourselves to a higher standard of combat? Doesn't even matter what I think. You need to understand where I work, things get a lot messier than where you work on the Hill. What you've lost, Mr. Bauer, is tragic. What you've been compelled to do in the name of saving innocent life is tragic. Sometimes we need to incur the most horrible losses in order to uphold the ideals that this country was founded on. How can we presume to lead the world unless we set an example? You make it sound so simple. Well, maybe it's simpler than you think. Maybe all the things that you've seen and all the things that you've done have clouded your vision. Look at this. Tell me about this car accident. - That has nothing to do with Juma. - Who was the victim? A source inside of Starkwood. A whistle-blower. Unfortunately, he was also a drunk. He was killed when he wrecked his car on the way home from Atlantic City. Blood alcohol off the charts. Senator, this was no accident. He was murdered by the same man who took Ryan Burnett out this evening. - What does this mean? - They were scared of him. What did he have on Starkwood? He made a lot of wild accusations, but not a single one of them panned out. Maybe you didn't dig deep enough. I need to know exactly what he told you. He alleged that Starkwood was blackmailing Pentagon officials and were involved in assassination plots. Even that they were seeking to acquire their own WMDs. - Specifically what? - Well, I don't remember, but I'm sure that his interview transcript should be there. Okay, I got it. Oh, my God. That's it. - What? - Your informant claims that Starkwood was trying to acquire a bioweapon. That's your connection to Juma. - I don't understand. - When Juma was in power, it was rumored that he was running an illegal weapons program. He was developing a bioweapon, but nobody could prove it. But the people that I knew in Sangala believed he was testing these weapons on his own population. He used a remote village, released some kind of pathogen. Everyone there was struck with dementia, paralysis and eventually died. Why wasn't this pursued? 'Cause Juma destroyed all the evidence. He firebombed the village before anyone could get there, and UN couldn't believe that Juma had the technology or expertise to develop such a weapon. But Starkwood... they had both. The technology and the expertise. - What did Juma have to offer Starkwood? - A safe haven to develop the weapon and an endless supply of victims to test it on. Even if all this was true, why in the world would Starkwood want a bioweapon? Senator, you've been trying to dismantle Starkwood for the last six months. Maybe they planned on fighting back. But regardless, if they have a weapon like this, you better believe they intend to use it. Senator Mayer! This is Metro PD! Don't you move. Hold on. Hold on! You're obviously on to something. They can help you find the evidence you need to prove your case. Everyone thinks I killed Ryan Burnett. No one's gonna listen to me. I can protect you. I can order them to help us. Starkwood infiltrated the White House. As soon as they find out you're going after them for a bioweapon, they'll bury the evidence. Then we'll keep the circle small. I can make this happen. It's time for you to start trusting the institutions that you've sacrificed so much to protect. - Trust isn't my greatest asset. - Son, you have to start somewhere. Senator! This is Metro PD! You really think you can do this? I know I can. Let 'em in. You wanted to see me? Yes, Livy. Ethan's just come to me with something very disturbing. I assume it's about the press leak regarding Jack Bauer. Ethan seems to think you had something to do with it. I didn't. I already told him that. Well, given the past experience between you, he's not convinced. - And what do you think? - I think I need to hear what you have to say. There's nothing she can say. She was one of the few people who knew all the details. More people knew than you think. I just got off the phone with the White House segment producer at CNB. He won't give me the source's name, but he's willing to confirm the leak came from someone inside the Federal Marshal's Office. He'll guarantee it didn't come from the White House, or from me. This is verifiable? Producer's name is Charlie Isakson. Here's his number. You can call him yourself if you'd like. I offered Isakson some exclusive time with you if he killed the story, and he agreed. So as long as we get Bauer in custody, we should be able to keep the fallout contained. Ethan, under the circumstances, I think it seems clear that you were mistaken. I'm satisfied. Are you? Yes, Madam President. I'm sorry, Olivia, if I misjudged the situation... and you. I want to know if the FBI is any closer to finding Bauer. Yes, ma'am. That's all. - I'm sorry I put you on the spot. - I understand. Ethan didn't give you much of a choice. I just hope they find Bauer before this gets any worse. You're dying. Just tell me where the weapons are coming in. When are they getting here? They're already here. Janis, it's Larry. We got here too late. Bauer murdered Senator Mayer. Escalate the search for him to region-wide. I want reinforcements from every branch within 50 miles brought into this. - Copy that. - At this point... orders are to shoot on sight. Tony, it's Jack. I've been monitoring the FBI bandwidth. What the hell's going on? I need your help. Where are you? 3rd Street and B. I need you to meet me at the Port of Alexandria. I need you to bring a weapons and a surveillance package. - <i>Get there ASAP.</i>