that there's a chance, a small chance that I could help you. I'm dying. And whatever small chance there is to stop that from happening it is not worth the pain for me to let you sit there and watch me die. - I don't want to lose you. - Come here. I don't. What is it? Sweetheart, I'm sorry, but you need to go. Hodges was behind everything that happened today, from the planes going down to the attack on the White House. He's also responsible for the death of my brother. All you need to know is Hodges worked a deal. Witness Protection. My mother approved it and he's going free... - unless someone intervenes. - I'll get you contact information, a price and instructions on how to transfer the funds. Martin, it's Olivia Taylor. I spoke to the contact, but I couldn't go through with it. Listen to me, Jibraan. If you don't do exactly as I say, you'll watch your younger brother die in front of your eyes. And then... I'm gonna kill you. The Americans killed our parents. I'm going to make them pay. What have you done to my brother? This isn't my brother. We're looking for a man who comes here. Jibraan Al-Zarian. Do you know him? I know him, but he is not a terrorist. We did not come here to debate this with you! Where does he live? You come into a house of worship with information you should not have, an outrageous accusation, no legal warrant and threaten me. I have not threatened you. Not yet, but we both know where this is going. It's Chloe. I found something weird about these hits on Jibraan Al-Zarian.</i> You know how I said that the $2 million was deposited over a period of 6 months? They were backdated. What about the extremist Web sites? Same thing with the time stamps. The hits were backdated 30 minutes ago. Jibraan could be innocent. What do you have, Agent? Armed hostile in the back room holding a hostage. - What about Almeida? - He's not in there. See for yourself. - Is that who you're looking for? - No. It's Jibraan's brother, Hamid. They're using him to make Jibraan do what they want. - How can you be sure? - It's what I'd have done. Hamid, stop! Put it down. We're FBI. We need him alive. The canister's being retrofitted to maximize dispersion. We're on target to release the bioweapon at Washington Central Station within the hour. Your casualty estimates are holding up?</i> I think they're conservative. A significant portion of the pathogen will escape into the ventilation system, which will circulate it for us. Between 8,000 and 10,000 commuters will be exposed. Tell me about Mr. Al-Zarian. Is he compliant? Yes. His primary concern at this point is for the safety of his brother. All right. What's his level of awareness regarding the plan? He won't know anything about the canister until it's too late. Good. We'll talk once it's done. Trigger mechanism's working. This device will tell me where you are at all times. It will also allow us to talk to each other. Talk about what? You still haven't told me what you want me to do. Right now I just want you to get on the subway and take the Red Line all the way to Washington Center. And when I get there? I'll let you know then. I'm not stupid. I know you're going to blame me for something. - Jibraan... - What's your plan? You're going to hurt people? Jibraan, the only person you need to worry about right now is your brother. You follow my instructions, and Hamid lives. You do something stupid, and he dies... badly. Understood? Good. Red Line, westbound, to Washington Center, got it? Let's go. Come on. Sorry this had to happen like this. We will find your brother. You should talk to him. Kid doesn't know anything, except that his brother was taken by Tony about a half an hour ago. He didn't overhear anything about a target or the time frame. Right now, he's our only lead. I don't know if he's in any condition to talk. My God! Hold his head. I'm going to give him some morphine. No, you're not. His wound is in the middle of a nerve cluster. - He can go into shock from the pain. - I know. Back off. You just step out of the room. Do what you need to do. Where's Almeida? - Give me the morphine. - I'll give you the morphine as soon as you talk. Where's Tony Almeida? - What's the target? - I don't know... - What's the target? - I don't know! I'm telling you the truth! My job was just to watch the kid and monitor things here. Almeida didn't tell me where he was going or where the target is. - How do you contact him? - I can't. Okay, okay. I have a number. But I'm not supposed to use it unless there's a problem. You better start thinking of one fast. - Where is his phone? - I have it here. Give him enough morphine so that he can take the pain out of his voice. Nothing more. Get Chloe to run a trace on this number. Tell her to feed it back to our cell phones. Start thinking about what you're gonna say. You try and screw with me on this, it'll be the last thing you ever do. Understood? Do you understand me? Yes. - Janis Gold. - It's Renee. I need Chloe to run a peer-to-peer cellular trace from a GSM I.D. I can do that. Jack asked for Chloe to run point on this.</i> What's the number? - Alpha-Charlie-3316. - Got it. - Run it back through to me and Jack. - Hold on. - She's working on it. - Good. I'll open up the locate protocol. You establish a secure VPN. - Opening a channel on the Inter-Sat... - Why would you do that? What? You know connecting through a DMA node would be a lot faster. I don't know it's quicker to use a node or else I would have done just that. I had no idea the DMA nodes were up and running. Really? Because they've been up and running for about two years. It's obvious I'll never be able to do things as well as you did at CTU. All I ask is that you not make me feel like an idiot while you're pointing that out. All right. Agent Walker, the trace is up and running whenever you're ready. Chloe, I'm on. You ready? What's the number? 202... 555... 0147. It's ringing. - Why are you calling me? - I was checking Al-Zarian's computer, double-checking everything we planted. The bank that we use in Switzerland just e-mailed him, rejecting one of the transfers we made in his name. - You know how to resubmit it? - I'm not sure. - Are you getting this? - Tony's got something on his phone encrypting his location. I'm trying to get around it. All right. Call our man in Zurich. He'll walk you through it. All right. I just wanted to get your authorization before I did that. Any other problems? Good. Chloe, did you get that? I didn't have time to decrypt the }data. All I know right now somewhere in the Adams Morgan district. We're running out of time. We have to narrow that down.</i> I'm trying. I have to decrypt the rest of the location data. - How long will that take? - I don't know. - We've got to do better than that. - I need to get off the phone. Janis, I want you to contact Metro P.D. I want you to get them to move their Hazmat teams and their Tac teams over to Adams Morgan. We're on our way now. Let's go. - I need you to call the police. - Excuse me? Speak up, sir. I can't do that. - They're listening. - Who's listening? The people who have my brother. The terrorists. They're going to kill my brother unless I do what they say. They want me to get on this train. - That's it? Just get on the train? - Yes, please. You have to help me, okay? You have to call the police. Is there a problem here, sir? Yes, thank you, officer. Please, I need your help. Sir, just calm down and step this way. What is it? Listen, they have my brother hostage. Okay, you have to believe me. Put the earpiece back in. - What? - I said, put the earpiece back in. Now. Listen, Jibraan, I understand you had to try. But don't do it again. Your brother's life depends on it. Yes, okay, please, just don't hurt him, okay? - Well, that's up to you. - Yes, I'll do whatever you say, okay? I won't cause any more problems. I promise. All right. Do you remember your instructions? Yes... Westbound Red Line to Washington Center. We'll be watching. We're always watching. - Hello? - Ms. Taylor, this is Agent Pierce. Yes, Aaron? Secretary Woods was asking for you. You told me you were retiring to the residence, but upstairs detail confirmed that you're not there.</i> Why is Tim looking for me? The Justice Department is investigating the Jonas Hodges car bombing. They're requesting phone and internet records</i> and want to interview everyone, as well.</i> I didn't realize Justice was getting involved. Apparently, there were only 11 people who knew Hodges was alive. It stands to reason that information was leaked. - Okay, I'll get there as soon as I can. - Where are you? I needed to run a personal errand. Ma'am, am I to understand that you've left the White House premises without Secret Service protection? I won't be long, Aaron. Ten minutes. Ms. Taylor, this is a serious breach of protocol. Your safety is my responsibility. Aaron, I know. I promise you it won't happen again. Just cover for me till I get back? Will you do that for me, Aaron? Yes, ma'am. Thank you. This is a mistake. We shouldn't be meeting. Calm down. I needed to see you. You were hysterical on the phone. No, you don't understand! There's an investigation. The Justice Department is asking about my whereabouts! Did you think no one would bat an eye when a government witness was murdered? I told you I changed my mind. I didn't transfer the funds. The man you put me in touch with said he wouldn't act until he received payment. Why would he go ahead and kill Hodges if he wasn't paid? Because I told him to. What? He called me and told me the money hadn't come through yet. I told him you were good for it and to proceed. Why, Martin? Why would you do that? Hodges was going into Witness Protection, there was a finite window of opportunity. And because it's what you wanted. Right? Despite all my warnings for you to reconsider, you looked me in the eye and you said you wanted Hodges dead, to make it happen. And I did, and he's dead. Oh, my God... But my phone records... - my computer... everything... - Don't worry about any of those. I'll send you a program to erase your internet tracks. The calls to me mean nothing. Olivia, the time to worry about your conscience was before you put this in motion. If you let this eat away at you, people are going to notice and get suspicious. You will bring us both down... destroy your mother and her administration. Think about it. Is that what you want? Okay, then pull yourself together. I promise you, this will all pass if you do what I say. Can you do that? Say it. I can do it. You need to transfer the funds, Olivia. You do not want this man unhappy with you. - Hey, honey. - Sorry I woke you. No, no, no, that's okay. I've been up with Teri a couple times anyway.</i> She's been having a rough night. I think she misses her mother. Listen, I just called to let you know that my flight's been delayed. How long? Well, they're saying an hour. Which probably means two. Okay. What? I don't know, maybe you should see this as a sign. A sign? That you should stay there, try to convince your father that he should be spending whatever time he has left with his only daughter. As much as I want to, he made it very clear that he does not want me around to watch him die. Okay, all right. Sorry I brought it up. Teri and I will be at the airport to pick you up.</i> My battery is dying. Is the hospital okay with that? Yeah, I talked to Kevin. He said he'd cover my rounds.</i> Well, that's great. Well, I can't wait to see you guys. - I love you. - Okay, bye. - Oh, excuse me, sorry. - That's all right. - Everything okay? - Yeah, yeah, sorry. This stop, L Street. This stop, L Street.</i> Next stop, Washington Center. Next stop will be the last stop. Next stop, Washington Center.</i> The package is in place. The dispersal mechanism is set to go off while the train is stopped at Washington Center. Good, we're on the move. I'll pick you up at 22nd. Jack, I unlocked Tony's location data. - Where is he? - Three blocks immediately south of your position on 22nd. Where exactly on 22nd? West side of the block you're coming up on. 900 feet ahead... 800 feet... All teams, bring your units up from the south and prepare to move in. - You're almost on him. - Okay, we've got him. Suspect is in a black van. We can't let this turn into a pursuit. Hold on. Hold on! Tony was trying to destroy some kind of device when I grabbed him. I got it! Lock down this piece of crap. - What do you got? - Some kind of mobile computer, he damaged it badly. It has something to do with the attack. Contact Chloe, see what we can find. I'm gonna sweep the van for the canister. Tony's UMPC device is damaged everywhere I look.</i> I don't think I can get it back up and running. Try a partial reconstruct. Anything to find out what Tony's been up to. At this point I don't even know about our chances of even doing that. - Chloe. - I know. Do me a favor. Send me your screen. - Why? - Why not? What? Looks like I can reconstruct the memory of the UMPC at the time it was damaged. - No. There isn't enough intact data. - Yeah, there is, in the PROM module. A lot of devices back up their memory there. That can't be done, not without the file headers. Really? - Almeida just regained consciousness. - Thank you. Stay with this. I need you to walk away. Please, you and your men just walk away. Where is it? Where's the canister? I am not going to stop until you tell me where it is. Why did you betray me? Why? I have nothing left to lose. You tell me where that canister is, or so help me God, I'll lay you down right now. You think I've got anything left to lose, Jack? Do it. There were a number of applets running. We can run them on our hardware.</i> I'm uploading a mirror to you now. - <i>You should have it.</i> - You think it's Jibraan? I can't tell. But whoever it is, they're southbound on Connecticut at 30 miles an hour. And they just went right through St. Matthew's Cathedral - and out the other side. - He's got to be on the Metro. Yes, the Red Line ending at Washington Center. Washington Center's the target. Put these in the car. Jack, we have Jibraan. Jibraan is on the Metro, headed toward Washington Center. Chloe, it's Jack. I'm back on comm. How much time do we have? Not long. He's almost there. Okay, listen. Tony had to be able to communicate with Jibraan somehow. See if they were using some frequency strong enough to work in the subway. Looking... Wait. There's a proprietary K-band running. - That's it. - Okay. Patch me through. Go ahead, Jack. Jibraan, my name is Jack Bauer. Can you hear me?</i> Your brother is safe. I'm working with the FBI. The man who was holding him has been taken into custody. - Let me talk to Hamid. - He's not with us right now. No. I need to talk to him. Jibraan, listen to me. Your brother is safe, but you are not.</i> The people who are doing this, they gave you some kind of a package. No. They didn't give me anything. We've got real time coverage of the station. Jibraan, these people are trying to frame you for a terrorist attack. They had to give you some kind of a package.</i> It has to be on the train. I want you to start looking for an abandoned suitcase,</i> - knapsack, anything like that. - No, I can't tell. There's nothing. It has to be there. Keep looking. It was a woman. - What woman? - She was with them when... when they took Hamid. I think I saw her get off the train. Are you pulling into the station right now? I want you to stay on the train and wait for the passengers to get off. It's a bomb, isn't it? It's a biological weapon. If it goes off, a lot of people are going to die. Are all the passengers off the train? - Can you see the package? - I don't know. Jibraan, keep looking. It's got to be there.</i> - Yes. I see it. I see a duffel bag. - Okay. I need you to open it. Wait. Why me? Why must I do this? Now, you're the only person that can and if you don't, people are gonna die. Jibraan, I need you to open the bag. Look, I know I'm asking you a lot. Please. Jibraan, are you still there? It looks like a bomb. I see a light. It's a timer. It's counting down. - <i>How much time is left?</i> - One minutes, eighteen seconds. That's not enough time for us to get down. I want you to get the device outside. There's an escalator to your right. I want you to start moving now. I'll meet you on the street. We're about a minute out. - That's him. - Hold on! I have to get out. What is that? Is that even yours? I have a bomb. Okay? This is a bomb. Get back! Get back. I have a bomb. Wait, he's with us. Jibraan! Jibraan. I'm the man who was talking to you. Give me the canister. These men will help you. - Is he all right? - Yes. - You're Mr. Bauer? - Yes. You did great. Thank you for everything. I want to see my brother. I know. We're going to bring him here. But I'd like you to go with Agent Moran, so he can take your statement, please. Follow me. It's all right. - You need a shot. - I already did, 20 minutes ago. It's not working. It's okay. We stopped it. You can finally rest. - Can I have a piece of paper? - Yeah, sure, you can have all this. What's that? This is section "A", the only thing I want. I'll give it to you as soon as I'm done. Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here? No, of course not. - You heading home? - Yeah. Us, too. We live in Glendale. Woodland Hills. My husband's parents live there. You know the Pelusos? I don't think so. - Do you mind doing me a favor? - Sure. Do you see the man behind us at a table? He's wearing a suit. - Short, dark hair? - Yes. Yes, is he staring over here? No. You know him? No, it's just that he was staring at me earlier. Well, you're very pretty. - What? - No, he's moving away now. I've got her in sight. She's waiting at the gate now. They should board within the hour. I know that the bioweapons threat is over, but I'd feel a lot better if you'd watch over her until she gets on that plane. I'll let you know when she's in the air.</i> Thanks. Contact the Bureau Office. Tell them we need an interrogation package ready for when we arrive. - Yes, sir. - Thanks. I just got word. Jonas Hodges was killed with a car bomb less than an hour ago. What? - How? - We don't have any leads yet, but somehow the people he was working for found out he was still alive. They're going to be coming after Tony. We need to transport him in a convoy, full guard detail, weapons ready. We're not losing him again. The FBI located Al-Zarian. There was nothing we could do. You're telling me the canister is gone. Damn it! Without that pathogen, everything that we've worked for is finished. You should also know the FBI has Tony. Then you need to have him eliminated. - Alan. - He knows too much, Cara. We can't take the risk that he'll break. You need to take him out. I'm trying to tell you that won't be necessary. Tony won't be in custody for long. - What are you talking about? - Trust me. We've got another play. You'd better have. The incoming flight from Boston will be arriving shortly.</i> Once the passengers have deplaned and the maintenance crew is given a chance to clean up the aircraft,</i> we should be able to begin boarding. We appreciate your patience. Thank you.</i> At least we know the plane's on its way. I'll believe that when I see it. I'm gonna get some coffee. - Does anybody want anything? - I'll take a decaf. - Nothing for me, thanks. - Come on. - Are you sure? It's my treat. - No, thank you. Your husband's really nice. He has his moments. You know what? I'm gonna use the restroom. Do you mind watching my bag? Thank you. - Miss Taylor. - Agent Pierce. I know you're upset I went off protocol, as I told you, it won't happen again. No, ma'am, it won't... or you'll need to find someone else to do this job. Aaron, that won't be necessary. You said you left the grounds to run a personal errand. May I ask what it was? I just needed to get out of here, be alone, clear my head, if only for a short time. Everything that's happened today... being held hostage, Jonas Hodges' murder... and seeing my father so weak and vulnerable... I was feeling overwhelmed. Aaron, I'm trying to live up to my mother's expectations. And I didn't want her... or anyone else for that matter... to know I was being affected by the pressure. I hope you can understand that. Yes, ma'am, I think I can. You feeling all right now? I am, actually. I guess I just needed to tell someone what was going on with me. I'm glad it was someone I could trust. Thank you, ma'am. I'll have those phone and internet records ready for the Justice Department investigators shortly. Yes, ma'am. Thank you, Aaron. - This is Kanin. - Sir, this is Agent Pierce. - I hope I didn't wake you. - No, Agent Pierce, I'm wide awake. - What can I do for you? - Mr. Kanin, some years ago, while I served on President Palmer's detail, I was made aware of some modifications made to the Chief of Staff's office. During Mike Novick's tenure. Specifically the installation of a voice-activated recording system. It allows staff meetings to be logged and archived. If you're asking whether I used the recording equipment, the answer's yes. Did you disconnect it when you resigned and left your office? No. Why you asking? I'd prefer not to answer that at this time. I need to know how to access the digital recorder. You can't. It's secured with a biometric lock. You need my thumbprint. Look, Aaron, if you want my help, you're gonna have to tell me what this is about.</i> Olivia Taylor's still using my office. Does this have to do with her? I really can't talk about this over the phone right now. I'll be at the White House within a half hour. Thank you, sir. Do you have something you'd like to say to me? - Like what? - I think you know. I don't think I do. How about "Good job, Janice, on reconstructing the UMPC"? Or "Just maybe I should have considered the possibility "that you actually know what you're doing." You don't know me, but if you did, you would understand that this is the last place you should look for any type of validation. How about just acknowledging you were wrong?! - We're almost ready to go. - Okay. Is this her? Yes, but when I saw her in the Metro, she had on this dark wig and a leather jacket. Your brother's here. Let's pack up. The coffee place over here... excuse me... didn't have decaf, so I had to go all the way to the other end of the terminal, but I want you to know... I got it. Thank you. This is Bauer. I'm sending a link to your phone. It's something I think you should see. Who is this? Open the link, Mr. Bauer. Who the hell is this? Your daughter's in the company of our operatives.</i> And Agent Franks has already been neutralized. You will help Tony Almeida escape or my people will murder your daughter.</i> Any effort to contact her or warn anybody about this</i> will have the same result, do you understand?</i> What you're asking me to do is impossible. Tony Almeida's already been secured. He's under heavy guard. That's your problem. Put this call on your earpiece and keep the line open. I'm gonna be listening to everything you say. Now, Bauer. You're gonna pay for what you did to Larry. I thought you were going with Moran. Changed my mind. I wanna see this through. You're gonna make your move to break Almeida out soon.</i> I'm gonna tell you what to do and when to do it.</i> And Mr. Bauer, if any of those agents in that van