Jonas Hodges is in possession of a military-grade bioweapon. I was contaminated when trying to intercept the canisters. I promise you, the weapon is on your base. - Do you know where they might be? - Think I might. I have an order from the president of the United States. To search this building. Are there weapons of mass destruction? Are there weapons of any kind? You've got 5 minutes to get these helicopters flying out of here with all of you on board. I want you and your men to pull out on Hodges' timetable. You're gonna need to find a way to stay behind. We're gonna get your vectors over to a man inside Starkwood. This is Douglas Knowles. He believes he knows where the weapons are. Stay here. I'll be right back. We need a medic! The bioagent is more virulent than we thought. All we're doing here is just masking the symptoms. I understand. There's something you may want to consider. What's that? A possible treatment using stem cells from a genetically compatible donor. I saw your file, you have a daughter. I don't want my daughter involved in this. It should be her choice. Well, it's not. I'm the one who's dying. I'm in. But they got Knowles. A little loyalty. Wasn't that the least I deserved? You can't take on the federal government. I have a visual on the weapon. Okay, those are the canisters. I'll notify Admiral Smith the target is confirmed. You remember Starkwood was deployed to Pakistan,</i> that we requisitioned a missile system at that time. Well, three of those missiles are now loaded with a pathogen</i> and aimed at cities on our eastern seaboard. You will keep this conversation to yourself and turn the planes around.</i> And if you do not comply, Madam President, I will have no choice but to launch those missiles. Abort the air strike, Admiral Smith. - With all respect... - Damn it. Abort the air strike immediately! - Tony, it's Jack. Do you copy? - Jack, what the hell is going on? Where are those F-18s? Tim Woods just called from the White House. The president canceled the air strike. What? Why? She doesn't believe our intel is strong enough to justify military action. Is she out of her mind? I saw those canisters with my own eyes. So did you. They're in that bunker. - She's not gonna get any better intel. - I know. It doesn't make sense, but we've got order to pull you out, along with the perimeter teams. Larry's been told the president's decision. He'll move his teams out, but he's got to get you out first. He'll be sending you coordinates for an exfiltration point. Hold on a second. Tony, what's going on? I might know why the president called off that air strike. What do you mean? I think Starkwood's got surface-to-surface missiles. That's how they're gonna deploy the bioweapon. How do you know this? A fuel truck just pulled up next to the bunker where they're storing the weapons. They're pumping RP-7 into an underground depot. What's RP-7? It's a propellant only used in surface-to-surface missiles. - Are you sure? - I'm looking right at it. Do you have any C-4? I've got 3 charges and a remote detonator. Do you think you can gain access to the underground fuel depot? Yeah, I think we've got a play, but I've got to move soon... before that fuel truck pulls away. I want you to maintain your position. I'm gonna call the president. Come with me. What is it, Tim? Madam President, the Joint Chiefs are beginning to question your decision to call off the air strike against Starkwood. They think the intelligence we received from Tony Almeida was sufficient, that we may be missing an opportunity to destroy the bioweapons. I gave my orders, Tim. No air strike. No military action of any kind against Starkwood. Now, I asked you to handle the Joint Chiefs, handle them. I'll do my best, ma'am, but if I may... what is our next move? Jonas Hodges is coming to the White House. He wants to speak with me alone. - For what possible reason? - I don't know. Shouldn't your advisors be at that meeting? Tim, stop asking me questions. If you want to help, make sure as few people as possible know that Jonas Hodges is coming here. And bring him in through the southeast service entrance. Madam President, Jack Bauer and Renee Walker are calling from FBI.</i> - You did speak to FBI? - Yes, ma'am, five minutes ago. I gave them your reason for calling off the air strike, but I must warn you, they were skeptical as well. Be ready for Hodges. Mr. Bauer, Agent Walker, this is the president.</i> - Madam President, we need to talk. - No, Mr. Bauer, we don't. You need to listen. I appreciate what you have done in gathering this intel, but I still need more before I can authorize an air strike. - I'm sorry. - Madam President, with all due respect, I don't believe you're being truthful with us. - Excuse me? - I think you called off the air strike because Jonas Hodges is in possession of missiles armed with the bioweapon, and he's threatening to use them in case you try to take action against him.</i> Madam President, Tony Almeida witnessed a truck pumping RP-7 rocket fuel into an underground depot situated right next to the bunker where the bioweapons are being stored. The only purpose for RP-7 rocket fuel is to launch missiles. Madam President, please just tell us the truth. Hodges has 13 Python missiles armed with the bioweapons. Three are currently aimed at American cities. He demanded that I recall the planes, or he would launch. - What does Hodges want? - I don't know... he's requested a face-to-face meeting. He'll be here in a few minutes. The only reason he wants a face-to-face meeting is to lay out his demands, and whatever they are, you cannot negotiate with him. I'm not planning on negotiating with him, Jack. Once he places his cards on the table, I am sure that I can... I can make him realize the futility of what he is trying to do. Jonas Hodges is a traitor and a terrorist, and after what's happened today, are you really naive enough to believe that you can simply talk to him and change his mind? I'm not new at this, Jack, and right now, I don't have another option.</i> You do. Tony Almeida is still inside Starkwood. I ordered him exfiltrated immediately. What's he still doing there? I asked him to stand by until I could talk to you. He believes he can gain access to the fuel depot and lay a series of explosive charges and take the missiles out. Now, I believe this can work, but we need to act quickly. What about the bioweapons? RP-7 rocket fuel burns at 5,000 degrees. - There will be nothing left. - Once the weapons are destroyed, Larry Moss and his teams can move in on Starkwood and lock it down. Hodges gave standing orders to his men to launch the missiles at the first detection</i> of government interference. If Almeida is detected, thousands of Americans will die, Jack.</i> I know that there's a risk, but I would not be asking you to do this if I didn't think it would work. Please, I am begging you. Trust me. How long did the doctors give you to live? They're not sure, but the pathogen has started to take effect. Then there's not much I can threaten you with, is there? I expect you'll do what you think is right. What the hell does that mean? She wants us to go in. - But she didn't authorize it. - She can't. She needs this to be a covert operation. If something were to go wrong and those missiles were to be launched, she needs to be able to swear under oath that we were working on our own. She wants us to go in. Notify Larry. We need to move fast. I told you I'd get you to the White House. I just didn't... think it would be under these conditions. It was brilliant, you know. What was that, sir? Your idea to make Almeida think that you were betraying me. - Quite brilliant. - Thank you, sir. You put yourself in harm's way, Greg, and I'll never forget that. I can't believe... I'm feeling nervous. You're gonna do fine, sir. - Thank you, Tim. - You're welcome. So, it sounds to me like the president didn't actually authorize this. Technically, no. It was more of an indirect order, but believe me, Larry, she wants this to happen. She's gonna meet with Hodges, and we're gonna blow those fuel tanks. Larry, do you have a problem with this? As a matter of fact, no. None whatsoever. These bastards drew on my men. I'm looking forward to getting back in there. All right, have your teams hold their position and be ready to move. Believe me, you'll know when it happens. All right. Tony, do you copy? - I'm here. - You were right about the missiles. The president confirmed it. We have to carry this out as a covert operation. Larry is standing by to lock down Starkwood as soon as the missiles have been destroyed. I need to know that you can do this without being detected. Hodges's given his men standing orders to launch those missiles if there's a breach of any kind. Yeah. I can do it. Okay. Good luck. We're done here. I'm going to go run a perimeter check. - You said you just finished one. - I know. But I don't think we can be too careful right now. - Yeah. - It's me. Auxiliary tanks are fueled and ready. Confirmed. - I'll be down in a few minutes. - Copy that. Freeze! Let me see your hands. Put your gun on the ground. Slowly. Kick it. Drag him under the truck. Now! Let's go! Hands up. What do you think you're doing? You're going to take me down to the fuel tanks. Let's go. Open it up. Go ahead. President will see you now. Very good. Thank you. - Mr. Hodges. - Madam President. This is Greg Seaton, my associate. He's a remarkable man. Doesn't look remarkable, but believe me, he's a genius. Yes, I know Mr. Seaton. Thank you, gentlemen. It never gets old, does it? Stepping into the... the Oval Office. Almost smells of history. Can we sit? Please. This is the first time I've been in this room since you were elected? - I'm aware of that, yes. - Under your predecessor, I used to drop by every... couple of months. I'd brief President Daniels on what was really going on in the world. And you've been excluded now. - Is that what this is about? - No, ma'am. It's about allowing Starkwood to fulfill the purpose for which it was founded: protecting this country. You have been attacking this country. You and General Juma have killed hundreds of innocent people, including my son. Madam President, I'm deeply sorry or your loss, and my heart breaks for all the lives that were taken today, but I'm shocked that you would think that I had anything to do with this. We have evidence that you've been working with Juma. Your intelligence agencies have failed you. If I had known what Juma was up to, I would have done everything in my power to stop him. So let's push aside all these baseless accusations and maybe we can do some business here. I'm listening. Madam President, I know you're a student of history, and so you're well aware that our nation's independence was won with the aid of private armies, and we can't survive without them. Look how easy it was to get bioweapons into this country. Our defenses are fragile. They're on the verge of collapse. But it's not too late to do something about it. So what are you suggesting? In short, I want a seat at the table. Starkwood needs to be involved in the shaping of military policy, domestic and global. It sounds more like you want a seat at the head of the table. Madam President, I'm not here to supplant your authority. What I'm proposing is a partnership. Think of Starkwood as the fifth branch of the military. This contains the protocols that will serve as the basis of our agreement. I suggest that we review them together. Jonas, I agreed to this meeting because... I wanted to hear what you had to say. But what you're proposing is blackmail. That's putting it in the worst possible light. You are threatening to kill thousands of people. I'm not proud of this chapter. I'm the first to admit it. It's time to turn the page. This country has seen enough bloodshed today. For the sake of the American people, Madam President, I implore you to work with me, and let's move past this. Pick up the document, Madam President. Let's go. Come on. Get up now, or I'll leave you down here. And you don't want that believe me. What is it? Code 363. That's a government breach. We're supposed to launch. - Are you sure it's not a false alarm? - No way to tell. We've got standing orders, though. Let's start the launch sequence. Too late. Launch sequence complete. Target is locked. Enter the firing codes. - Sir, we need to confirm this. - That's not the correct protocol. We're about to kill 10,000 people. We should get someone on the phone. Enter the codes. Now! No, sir. That's it. That's us. Let's go. We're a go! We're a go! - It's done. - Tony? Tony, do you copy? An explosion of that magnitude would have shorted out his com. We're gonna have to wait for Larry and his men to move in. It says here that you want active status in the Pentagon's Strategic Planning Group. That's correct. That would give you access to Level 6 classified material. Not even the vice president has that clearance. These points are nonnegotiable. I'm not here to debate them. Let's review the next section, which concerns Senate oversight of Starkwood field operations. I'm sorry to interrupt, Madam, but I need to speak with you. Can it wait? No, ma'am, it can't. - Will you excuse me for a moment? - Of course. SATCOM has just detected a massive explosion on the Starkwood compound. The bioweapons facility has been destroyed. - Are you sure? - Yes, ma'am. Judging by the explosion, nothing could have survived. But I don't know how this happened. This wasn't us. Call FBI and have them lock down Starkwood. - They're already moving in. - Good. And when this is over, I want to speak to Jack Bauer. You know... I'm not sure I'm reaching her. I think you handled it perfectly, sir. We'll see. What the hell is this? Put this document into evidence, and take these men into custody. Have you lost your mind? Jonas, we've taken out your missiles. It's over. That's impossible. It's the truth. And you're under arrest. You are a terrorist and a murder, and I'm gonna do everything in my power to make sure that you pay dearly for your crimes. My only crime is that I'm trying to protect my country. You think this ends with me? I'm just a small cog in a very big machine. Hold on. You can't even begin to imagine what you're up against. What are you talking about? You'll find out. Get him out of here. The biohazard team is reporting no trace of the bioweapon near the blast sight. It was incinerated in the explosion. - Good. Any word on Tony? - Not yet. Larry's searching the compound now. We should hear something soon. Mr. Bauer, you have a phone call, it's the President. I'll take it in the conference room. Thank you. I'll be right back. Madam President. Mr. Bauer, Jonas Hodges is under arrest. That's good news. That's very good. Jack, you and your team provided me with an option. And for that, I am deeply grateful. And so are the American people. Madam President, it was Tony Almeida who risked his life to destroy those missiles.</i> And as you know, he's facing arrest for things he did leading up to today, and I was hoping that maybe... you could... Yes, Mr. Bauer? I'm sorry, I... completely forgot what I was saying. You were talking about Mr. Almeida. And my answer is yes, I will take his actions into account. Thank you. What's happening? I'm not exactly sure. Jack, I am so sorry you're going through this.</i> I wish that there were something I could do. Madam President, I appreciate this phone call. But I'm sorry. I have to go. - Of course. - Thank you. Jonas Hodges has been arrested. Let me know as soon as you got Tony. I need to go see Dr. Macer. Yes, Madam President? Call Ben Landry at CDC. Tell him that I want real-time updates on Jack Bauer's condition. We've secured all entry points and command posts and are sweeping the compound on a grid-by-grid basis. - Are you meeting any resistance? - No. They're surrendering peacefully and cooperating. Most of the men on this base, I don't think they had any idea what was going on. What about Almeida? He's here. We found him. - Is he OK? - Some cuts and bruises, but otherwise, he's in good shape. Good. Jack will be glad to hear that. Listen, Renee... we've known each other a long time, you know. So much stuff has happened today. Yeah. We have a lot to talk about. I know. Excuse me. Your visitor has arrived. - She's in the waiting area. - Okay, thank you. Larry, I've got to go. Kim Bauer's here. - Jack's daughter? - Yes. I asked her to come. There's this experimental treatment for Jack's disease,</i> but he needs compatible stem cells. It's a long shot, but it's the only hope he's got. - Let me know how it goes, all right? - I will. - I'm going off com. - All right. Did they say something about Kim Bauer? Yeah, she's at FBI helping with a treatment for Jack, some kind of stem cell therapy. So they think he's gonna be all right? Didn't sound promising. Listen, Tony, this isn't easy for me, but... I'm under orders to take you into federal custody. - Yeah, I know. - You did a brave thing here. Probably saved thousands of lives. For the record, I don't think this is how you should be repaid. I appreciate that, but... I'm ready to pay for what I've done. Get the cuffs off him, will you? Chopper's on the way. I'll be taking you back to FBI. Memory loss is consistent with the disease, Mr. Bauer. I just wouldn't have expected it to manifest this quickly. It's not just memory loss. It feels like... I don't know exactly how to explain it. I feel like... like I'm losing some part of myself. The disease profile includes personality changes, sometimes even hallucinations. But this is a weaponized pathogen we don't know much about. Military's combing through the remains of the bioweapons lab in Sangala, so... we expect to learn something very soon. You were able to give me something that controlled the shaking. Is there anything that would help me with this? I'm sorry. Thank you. Excuse me. Is it all right? I'm gonna need to go on record about everything that happened today. We need to do it soon. I'm not sure how much longer I'll be able - to provide you with the details. - Okay. First, there's something that you need to know. What? It's about Kim. She's here, Jack. I told her that you were sick and that she might be able to help. You did... You did what? Come here. Who the hell do you think you are? Who the hell do you think you are? You think this is easy? You think you understand what I'm going through? Because you don't. I am dying. And I was okay with it. I could handle it. And now you've put in front of me the one thing, the one thing that is gonna make this unbearable. - Jack, listen... - No, you listen to me. I specifically told you do not drag my daughter into this. No one dragged her into anything. She's been trying to see you all day. What? She was at the Senate hearing this morning. She came from L.A. to be there, but we pulled you out before she could see you. She's been leaving messages at our office all day. They just didn't get to me till now. If you want, I can tell her that you're not here. I can tell her that you... can't see her. Can't do that. Where is she? Down the hall. Show me. How are you feeling? I'm okay. You're not in any pain? Come sit down. Did Agent Walker tell you that I was trying to find you? I've tried everything to track you down: State Department, private investigators. Every time I got a phone number or an address, you were already gone. I'm sorry. I thought I was doing the best thing for you by staying away. Daddy, I've missed you so much. I've missed you, too. You need to know how sorry I am for everything you had to live through - because of me. - No, don't do that. Don't put that on yourself. I'm the one that should apologize. I pushed you away. And instead of taking responsibility for all the mistakes I've made in my life, I blamed you. And it was stupid and immature. And now, all the time that we've lost... Agent Walker told me that there's a chance, a small chance, that I could help you, - and you don't want me to. - The treatment is experimental. And I don't think it's going to work. And you don't want to because you're afraid to ask me. There's a risk. A small risk... worth taking. Not to me. I'm dying. And whatever small chance there is to stop that from happening, it is not worth the pain for me to let you sit there and watch me die. Daddy, - I don't want to lose you. - Come here. I don't. Sweetheart, it's going to be all right. It's gonna be all right. I promise you. What is it? What? Sweetheart, I'm sorry... but you need to go. Please, baby, I'm begging you. I love you so much. Honey, I love you, too. Please, baby. Thank you. Go. Perimeter 2 to Dispatch: Auxiliary Gate 6 is clear. Copy that, P-2. Hold your position. Freeze! Show me your hands. Get 'em up! P-2 to Dispatch. I have an agent down and a suspect in custody. Code red. Copy that, P-2. All available agents respond to Auxiliary Gate 6.</i> Drop the bag. Hands on the hood. P-2 to Dispatch. Put me through to Agent Moss. It's urgent. Agent Moss, this is Davis at Auxiliary Gate 6. I have a Starkwood Op in custody. He killed one of our agents. He was carrying a canister of the bioweapon, trying to smuggle it out using one of our vehicles. - What?! Are you sure? - I'm looking at it right now. Renee, we got a breach in the cordon at Gate 6. One of the Starkwood Ops, he's got a canister of the bioweapon. - What? - It was ID'd by Agent Davis, who I believe has just been shot. The suspect may be fleeing in an FBI vehicle, so I need you to close down all access roads, alert perimeter units and Metro Police. - Get me DC Metro. - I'm gonna pursue it from the air. Let's go! Let us up! Alert Homeland, let them know what's going on.</i> Are we thinking this is another attack? I don't know, but there's enough prion variant in one canister to take out a small city. Agent Miller, are there any major roadways in our perimeter that Starkwood operatives could have used? Yes, sir. We're coming up on Highway 42.</i> Should I turn us that way? Yeah let us up that way, until we hear something from Agent Walker. Roger that. Yes, sir. We'll keep Homeland apprised with real-time updates. - Did you access the GPS locator system? - I'm scanning transponders - for the stolen FBI vehicle. - How long will that take? As long as it takes for the satellite to reposition. When you spoke to Larry, you mentioned an attack? The Starkwood operative we're trying to find stole a canister of the bioweapon. I thought Tony Almeida destroyed all the weapons. Apparently not. How did this operative get past our perimeter? Shot and killed two of our agents. This is it. The suspect is getting off Highway 42 at Smoketree Avenue. He's heading toward the industrial corridor. - Put me on the interagency channel. - Go ahead. All units, this is Agent Walker with FBI. Suspect has exited Highway 42 at Smoketree.</i> He's heading north into the industrial corridor.</i> Units in the vicinity, please respond. We're over Smoketree right now. We're redirecting, and we'll tighten our pursuit. Got it. I'll reroute Swat Team Alpha to the scene. Swat Team Alpha, we need to set up a roadblock at the Fairfax County line. DC Metro's covering the district line in case he tries to double back. Copy that. Okay, county line. Sir. I have a visual. Yeah. Got him. Send us lower. He's pulling off the road. Get us down there now. Suspect is on foot. We can't wait for backup. We're moving in right now. All right. SWAT team's a few minutes out. Careful, Larry. Remember, suspect has a canister, so pick your shots. - If possible, let's take him alive. - Yes, sir. We got to get out of here. Almeida, cover. Let's go. Come on! Sir, relax. - Relax. - I'm okay. Swallow. What...? I'm sorry, Larry. Oh... God... Let me see it. How the hell do we get out of here? I want you to take this, find a place to hide. - Wait for my call. - What about you?