I took out your control units. I want you to see what we can do. Get ready to make the course change. GSA 1-7, this is Northeast Three Control. - Go ahead, Air Traffic Control. - We have a new runway for you. Sid, there's another plane landing on four-right. It crosses three-one-left. GSA 1-7, pull up. Four-right, pull up. That was just a warning shot. Whatever we do next, it'll be the real thing. Get the module ready. As promised. General Juma will be pleased. Perhaps now would be a good time to make your demands - known to President Taylor. - Make the preparations. Your government is about to pay a very steep price for... interfering in our affairs. They assumed my son killed himself. They didn't look deeply enough at anything. The authorities have already questioned your son's girlfriend, sir. You're not going anywhere till I get the truth. You know who murdered my son. He killed himself. I'm going to find out what you're hiding, and when I do, God help you. You're right, he's not one of ours. We'll follow him, - see if it leads us to Almeida. - That's not the right move. You can't bring anyone else into this. - What the hell's going on? - We're following up on a lead and I will fill you in if and when we find something.</i> I don't like this. I just... flat out lied to my boss. I will help you find Tony Almeida, but you'll have to let me do it my way. Tony! Stop! The device is gone. The locater files have been deleted. Where is it? What the hell happened to you? - Where's Almeida now? - He's in transit to FBI headquarters. - He'll be formally interrogated there. - I don't understand. Almeida was orchestrating these attacks. If he doesn't have the CIP device, who does? The FBI has learned that Almeida handed off the device to someone else. They don't know who. I may have an answer to that question, Madame President. I'm listening. Almeida's working for the Juma regime. Five minutes ago, an audio message was routed to the State Department's subnet. It's from Colonel Ike Dubaku. He's Juma's right-hand man. He's known as the "Butcher of Sangala." Over 300,000 people were murdered... I know who he is. What did the message say? I think you should hear it yourself. President Taylor, this is Colonel Ike Dubaku. As you have no doubt confirmed, the near-collision at JFK International was no accident.</i> We have the CIP device. We have the capability to kill tens of thousands of Americans,</i> and we are prepared to do so. We demand the complete and immediate withdrawal</i> of the U.S. Naval Strike Force to a position west of the 23rd meridian,</i> by this time tomorrow. In order to meet this timeline, we require satellite confirmation within three hours</i> that the Carrier Air Wing is in full retreat.</i> Don't sacrifice your fellow countrymen,</i> Madame President. Allow the people of Sangala to determine their own destiny. Stand your forces down. Voice print's an 89% match. It's Dubaku. There's little doubt. It looks like your suspicions were correct, Madame President. This is about Africa. My God. Dubaku should have been tried for war crimes years ago. Now he's giving us ultimatums. We cannot let this monster hold our country hostage. - Where do we stand on the planes? - Still 2,500 planes in the air. We have got to shore up the firewall, so that the CIP device will be rendered useless. We now think we can re-engineer the code in six days. Six days? We don't have the luxury of six hours. I'm sorry, but there's no way we can rebuild the firewall in that time frame. I want you to instigate a series of restricted alerts, keep it to first responders only. We want people to be ready in case we're attacked again, - but we don't want to start a panic. - Yes, Madame President. And, gentlemen, Almeida is our only lead. Make sure the FBI is aware of the demands: to work Almeida from the Africa side, we don't have a lot of time. Yes, ma'am. Come on! Put your head down. Get him ready for questioning. I want an explanation. You went after that shooter without backup or authorization, and then refused to tell me why. Now I want to know. We didn't know who might be listening. Someone in this office is helping Almeida. The FBI has been compromised, Larry. There's a leak. Based on what? Excuse me! This is private. Tony knew we were going to Schector's office before we even got there. That's how he managed to get a sniper in position. The tip had to come from your office, and whoever it was helped the assassin get out of the building. He's right, Larry. That's why we couldn't tell you. You had a full perimeter, right? Covered every exit? How else do you think he got out of there? Assuming this is true, you got any idea who it could be? We didn't see him, but we know that it went down. It could be anyone in the Bureau. You need to tighten your circle around Tony. You can't let any information get back to the people he's working with. Otherwise, you'll never get that CIP device. All right. We'll limit access to level four clearance and above. Have Janis run the security protocols. See if she can track down this leak. This is Moss. Yeah, I'll take it in my office. It's the White House. From now on, keep me in the loop. And he doesn't do a damn thing without telling me. We had to tell him, we had no choice. Do you trust him? No question. There's no one I trust more. Where they going to hall Tony? I am going to have to lift up your shirt. Is that comfortable for you? I'll take that as a yes. - Is he hooked up? - Yeah, we're ready to go. I'll run the session. I want you to handle something else. - What else? - Plugging a security leak. What? We think someone in this office has been helping Almeida. We've kicked this up to level four clearance. I want you to vet all communication and information flow. Red-tag every data point that has to do with Almeida. - Do we have any idea who it is? - No, we don't. I'm hoping you can help us find out. Okay, there's a point-two deviation on the blood pressure monitor, - you'll have to compensate for that. - Thanks, Janis. I'm sorry about your friend, Jack. I know you were hoping he wasn't capable of doing something like this. What's going on? Why are we in level four lock-down? - Don't worry, just do your job. - How am I supposed to do my job, I can't get through to half the server nodes? You're sifting through the evidence gathered at the arrest site, that does not require level four clearance. You have everything you need to do your work. Please. It's confirmed, the FBI has Almeida. Then we should move on. There's nothing we can do. We have assets inside the Bureau. We use them to help get him out. No, it's too risky. We'd be jeopardizing the entire mission. He's not that important. What about the next operation? He's prepped - he's ready to go. - We just have to find someone else. I realize you and Tony are friends. I don't like throwing him to the wolves anymore than you do, but he knew what he was getting into. I just spoke with Juma. The American troops are still in position near our country. Tell Juma to be patient. President Taylor just received your demands. Then perhaps it is time for a more forceful demonstration. If it comes to that, we'll be ready. For now, let's give the White House a little more time to respond. For now. Agent Walker. - Almeida's working for the Juma regime. - What are you talking about? The President just received a set of demands from Colonel Dubaku. Looks like he contracted Almeida to build the CIP module. Now, he's using it to blackmail the White House. How? Excuse me? How is he going to blackmail the White House? By insisting we stand down the invasion force off the coast of Sangala. If the President doesn't comply with his demands, Dubaku's going to start killing Americans. I can get you your CIP device. Just let me talk to him. I know him, I know how he thinks. We have a history. I can use it against him. He's gotten us this far, Larry. It makes sense. You're running out of time. You don't have a better option. Give us the room. I watched you die in my arms. You want to explain to me how you're still alive? Didn't think so. Why don't I tell you what I know. I know that you're working for the Juma regime.</i> The White House just got their demands. And you have to know that I will never let that happen. So why don't you save yourself some time... and some pain. And tell me where the CIP device is. - I can't tell you that, Jack. - Damn it, Tony, you are not just facing charges for domestic terrorism. You'll face international charges for aiding and abetting a genocide. They will give you the death penalty. Come on, just work with me on this. I can help you cut a deal. - I can maybe even get you immunity. - You're wasting your breath, Jack. If I were you, I'd tell the President to withdraw those troops because Dubaku's serious. He's ready to take out thousands of American lives - unless his demands are met. - Why the hell are you doing this? Juma wanted the CIP module and he was willing to pay for it.</i> I don't believe you. Come on, Jack. Don't act so surprised. Money's the only reason I have left for doing anything. - The government took care of that. - The government did not kill Michelle. Charles Logan did. Charles Logan is a product of his environment. The government poisons everything in its path. But you know that better than me. - Look what they did to you. - Damn it. We are not talking about me. We're not? You're asking me why I'm doing this. I could ask you the same question. Here you are working for the same people that want to put you in prison. The same people who killed everything you love and left you with nothing. Your daughter wants nothing to do with you,</i> Teri's dead. Audrey Raines might... - I said shut up! - Jack, no! You need to hear this! You need to start living in the real world! Because every second you help the government, you're spitting on Teri's grave! Get up! - He's losing it. - Hold on. Tell me where the device is! So help me God, I will kill you. And you will stay dead this time. Where is the device? This is your last chance. Where is it? Where is it?! - Deep Sky, Jack. - What did you just say? - Give him a few more seconds. - A few more seconds, he'll be dead. Deep Sky. Jack, let him go! Get him out of here! Get him out of here now! I need a medic in here to check him out. Keep an eye on him. Deep Sky. Hello. - This is Jack Bauer. - Yes. - I was told to call you. - By whom? Tony Almeida. He gave me this old CTU emergency phone code. Deep Sky. It's Bill, Jack. Bill, what the hell's going on? - Where is Tony? - FBI headquarters, he's been arrested. Arrested? He orchestrated a terrorist attack on the United States today. I was interrogating him. - How'd you get involved in this? - The FBI wants me to track him down. We need to talk. I'll call you back on a secure VPN line.</i> - Bill, what the hell is going on? - I need ten minutes to set up the VPN. - I don't have ten minutes. - Ten minutes, Jack. I can't believe this. If Tony's been arrested, it's over. Are you going to tell Jack everything? If we want to get Tony back undercover, we'll need his help. I don't think Jack's in a very helpful frame of mind. He's our only hope. - Hello, Henry. - Ethan. I got your message about Sangala. Where's Allison? She's in her office. Henry. The President is in an impossible situation right now. She needs your support. But you can't give it to her if you keep going off on these paranoid fantasies about Roger. I know about Samantha Roth. I know you accosted her in her office. She's hiding something about my son's murder. Roger wasn't murdered. He committed suicide. The coroner's office made that determination, - and then the FBI confirmed it. - They didn't look hard enough. Ethan, I know my son. He did not kill himself. He wasn't depressed. He had no reason... - What if he did have a reason? - I would have known. Not if he didn't tell you. Not if he was too ashamed to tell you or the President. What are you talking about? Roger was about to be investigated by the SEC for insider trading. He'd used information he could only have gotten through his access to the President. Before the SEC opened the investigation, he killed himself. I don't believe it. It's all in here. In the SEC case file. Why is this the first time I'm hearing about this? Frank Boylan agreed to bury the case as a political favor to the President. My wife knew about this and she didn't tell me? She wanted to. But she also wanted to protect your memory of your son. - You were in so much pain. - He was my son. I deserved the truth. Then keeping it from you was a terrible mistake. I realize that now. But the President and I both thought you were moving on with your life. Mr. Kanin, the President wants to see you. Does she know you're telling me this now? No. And I think it best we keep it that way. At least till this crisis is resolved. I felt I had to tell him, sir. I'm sorry. All right, thank you. Madame President, you wanted to see me? Admiral Smith laid out the timeline for withdrawing our forces. He's saying to meet Dubaku's demands, we need to order the pullback by 1:00 p.m. That's not much time. No, it isn't. Maybe this man, Almeida, will tell us where to find the CIP device. Tim Woods just heard from the Bureau. So far, Almeida's refusing to cooperate. - Maybe he's positioning for a deal. - Tim doesn't think so. He said we shouldn't count on Almeida to talk. I see. So, Unless I order our forces to stand down, I'll be condemning innocent Americans to death. And if we capitulate, thousands of Sangalans will be slaughtered. How did this happen? How could we have been so caught off guard? And now to have to decide between two impossible choices. Well, at least one of those choices does stands a good chance of preserving American lives. You mean withdrawal. We are nearing the time when we may have to consider it. We're not there yet, Ethan. I can't discuss this. Not until we have explored every possible option. Tell the FBI to keep working on Almeida. Yes, Madame President. Mr. Buchan, I've got the secure line. All right, dial the number. Bill, stop screwing around, tell me what the hell is going on. Jack, Tony is not a terrorist. He's working deep cover. He's working with me. We have proof that he tried to bring down two commercial airliners. You don't know the whole story. That's part of an ongoing operation... Operation? What kind of an operation puts hundreds, if not thousands, of lives in danger? Jack, please. You need to listen. Our government is corrupted.</i> There are people on the inside who are actively aiding Dubaku and the Juma regime. The point is, Tony was supposed to be near the CIP module the whole time. With him in custody, we've lost our ability to control it and to attack this conspiracy. Who's a part of the conspiracy? Give me names. We don't know the extent of it. But we have reason to believe that members of the President's inner council are on payroll. Which agency's shepherding the investigation? That's just it. There's no shepherd. There's no agency. This corruption runs deep and wide. We're working outside the government that's why we have to get Tony back undercover. - He's at FBI headquarters, Bill. - I never said it was going to be easy. But we have to try. - Chloe's already into their system. - Chloe's working on this? Hi, Jack. It's good to hear your voice. - Yeah, you, too. - I saw the hearings on C-SPAN. I can't believe what the senator said to you. You looked good though. Jack, we need your help to get Tony out of there. There's an agent at the FBI, Renee Walker. She could help. No, the FBI's been compromised. Somebody in the Bureau is aiding Dubaku. You don't understand, Bill, I trust her. If you think you need to use her to get Tony out of FBI headquarters, then do it. But you'll be making her a target. No, you're right. We'll do it your way. I can get to Tony, but Chloe's gonna have to get us out. We're already on it. Get back to me as soon as you're ready. I'm on my way. Hey, Sean, you know those data-ming plug-ins we downloaded last week? Where did we file those? Where did we file those? Yeah, file folder A-76. - Do you need help with something? - No. Why? You seem confused. I just don't like having to dance around this level four lock-down. I thought you'd welcome the opportunity to complain about something. - Hello? - Mr. Taylor, it's Samantha. I was going to call you. I owe you an apology, Sam. I was wrong to confront you like that.</i> No. You weren't. - I wasn't completely honest with you. - What do you mean? Roger didn't commit suicide, Mr. Taylor. He was murdered. I need to see you. Alone. Will you meet me? Of course. Where's the CIP device, Tony? Who'd you give it to? People you're taking money from. I thought you'd might like to see some of their handiwork. You know how many people they've killed since they went back into Sangala? 200,000 and counting. Most of them women and children. You really want this on your conscience? My conscience... is clear. And nothing you can say or do will change that. So why don't you do the smart thing and tell President Taylor to stand down the Strike Force, because unless she does, planes will be falling from the sky. And then you'll have a whole new batch of photos to look at. Only this time, they'll be of dead Americans. Larry, we need to talk. - Almeida's not going to break. - We don't know that. He's a trained CTU agent. He's conducted interrogations just like this one. There's nothing you can say to him that he hasn't said a hundred times. So, what are you suggesting? We give up? I'm suggesting we might need a more forceful approach. - You mean torture. - No, there are methods of coercion that we haven't considered. Pharmaceuticals... I can't believe you want to have his conversation. - You're not hearing the argument. - The argument is crazy. It's illegal. And it's over. As a matter of fact, I want Bauer out of here. He's a wildcard and dangerous. I want him out of the building. Go process him out. I will continue here. Go! Go! Now! Renee, I was just about to call you. I may have found the leak. Someone did a runaround on the level four lockdown. They circumvented the security fence and they hacked into the FAA database. Are you sure? I don't know what they were doing, but they had to navigate - some very sophisticated software. - When was this? - A few minutes ago. - Any idea who it was? I might be able to pull a user I.D. directly out of the terminal. - Which one? - Mainframe room. Terminal three. Check it out. Let me know what you find. Agent Teller, I need you to prepare a debriefing packet for Jack Bauer, - and bring me his personal effects. - I'll bring 'em. I'll be in my office. What are you doing? What's the matter? You just stay where you are. Janis, stop it. Would you just talk to me. I know you've been helping Tony Almeida. - What? Are you crazy? - No. You broke into the FAA database. That's your server I.D. Yeah, It's my server I.D., but I'm not helping the terrorist. You want to know why, I'll tell you. I was worried. My wife is on one of those planes up there. I had to see if her flight had been grounded yet. You expect me to believe that? Why are you sneaking around? Because of the level four lockdown, it cut me out of the FAA database. I couldn't monitor her flight. Look. See for yourself. Flight 112 out of Las Vegas. - Christina Hillinger. - You just stay there. God, Sean! You scared the hell out of me! Why wouldn't you just tell me that? 'Cause that was borderline illegal. I didn't want to get you in trouble. You looked like you had enough on your plate. Damn it. I told Renee I'd found a security leak. Is that what's going on around here? There's a security leak? Don't worry about it. Go back to your station, keep this to yourself, and I will clean up your mess. Go. Idiot. Go ahead. Walker is on her way. She's heading down the corridor towards your room. Copy that. - How are you doing with the loops? - I'm dropping the first one in now. I have a series of loops, I'm going to drop them as you go. Security won't see a thing. Understand. Standing by. I'm sorry, Jack. We're proceeding without you. Wasn't my decision. We wouldn't have Almeida without you. We owe you a lot. Thanks. - That paperwork for me? - Yeah. You need to fill this out. I'm going to put in a good word with the Justice Department for you. Maybe it'll help. Thanks. Don't fight it. Don't fight it! Jack just took out Agent Walker. He has her keycard and her weapon.</i> He's going to get Tony. What's your location?</i> - About ten minutes out. - Did you get my rendez-vous point? Just showed up on my GPS. OK, great. I've got to go, it's Jack. I'm ready. I've got access to interrogation one. - What's Bill's ETA? - About ten minutes. - How's the corridor? - Clear. Wait for my call. Put your weapon down. Now! - What do you think you're doing? - I said do it now! - Do it or I will kill him. - OK, all right. Put it down. It's all right, do it. Slowly. Slowly! - Now you. Do it! - All right. Kick your weapon over to me. - Come on! - OK, all right. Uncuff him. Where's Walker? What did you do to her? - Shut up. - You'll not make it out of here. I said shut up! - I talked to Bill. - What did he tell you? Enough. We're going to get you out of here. Chloe's tapped into their security. She'll walk us out of this building. All you need to do is follow my lead. - Chloe, it's Jack. Do you copy? - Copy. I got Tony at interrogation one leading out to the hallway. OK, I see you. I'm going to direct you to the southwest exit. You're in the least populated area of the building, but you're going to run into more resistance before you get out. - Copy that. You're ready? - Clear to move. Hold up, there's two people coming out of the elevator. Copy that. Come on. Listen, Jack, I'm sorry about the stuff I said back there. I just... needed to get you close enough to give you Bill's code name. I'm just glad I didn't break your neck. Well... You came close. Yeah, sorry about that. - OK, clear. - We're clear. I cleaned up your trail, so we'll just keep this little transgression between us, although I don't know what I'm going to tell Renee. - Have you heard what I've just said? - Yeah, yeah, that's fine. - Take a look at this. - What? There's a performance hit on one of our signal routers. It's down 0.7%. You're right. Somebody is riding our bandwidth. Hacking in? Is that possible? With all the safeguards? Anything is possible if you know what you're doing. They're inside our security sub-net. They've accessed the surveillance system. - What are you going to do? - Lock them out. Jack, you're going to make a left down the next hallway. There's an emergency stairwell. That stairwell'll get us to the ground level? Copy that. Hold on. - What's wrong? - I lost my feed. Chloe's feed just went down. - What'd you do? - I pinged the line and it automatically reset. Someone was hacking in. They were taking out our surveillance cameras. - Janis, take a look at this. - Send it to me. Security, this is Janis Gold. We have a Code 12 in progress, we need a team to interrogation one. All agents, security breach, Code 12.</i> We've got to keep moving. Let's go. Security team is between us and the southwest exit. What have you got? We're boxed in. Someone at FBI is blocking my every move. It's really starting to piss me off. You need to get back into their system. We're not gonna make it out of here. Jack, I'm sorry, I'm trying. - We've got to make a move, Jack. - I know. Let's go. Now. Come on, Chloe, talk to me. Still locked out. I'm tring to work around. - We're sitting ducks if we stay here. - I know. Chloe, we have to take the stairwell. We don't have a choice. Quietly. Where are they? - We're looking. - Find them! - Are you all right? - Yeah, I'm fine. Are you OK? They're still in the building. We're trying to locate them. I can't believe this. What is Jack doing? He's helping his friend escape. - That's what he's doing. - I'm sorry, Larry. - I shouldn't have trusted him. - All right. - I got him! - Southwest stairwell. Security, this is Agent Moss. Suspects are in the southwest stairwell, descending past the fifth floor. Lockdown the building perimeter, and deploy two teams in the first floor service corridor. Be aware, the suspects are armed. We need them alive. - OK, I'm back up, Jack. - Copy that. What was that? Hacker's back in. Whoever this is, they're very good. - Well, lock them out. - I'm trying! - Hold up. - What is it? You're heading into an ambush. It's a six-men team. They're heading up toward you in the stairwell. Understand. We'll evade. They're coming up the stairs. Pass me that fire extinguisher. - We're on the roof of the parking lot. - I see you. Good work. Go to the north end, Jack. Bill's almost there. - He's in a blue van. - Copy that. They're outside. They went through the third floor window. Let's go! Perimeter team, they're in the parking garage. Notify Metro police. I want them to cordon off a five block perimeter. On the right! Get down! We've got to get you back undercover. I'll be right behind you. Go! This is going to hurt. Tony, let's go! Stay low, stay low! Come on, Jack. Go, Bill. Agent Moss, they're gone. They get outside the perimeter.</i> Damn it. All right, Chloe, I've got them. Any sign of pursuit? Not so far. They must still be mobilizing. - We caught them off guard. - Traffic cams? I'm cycling frequencies to clear a path now. Good. - Are you all right? - Fine. Where are we going? - It's not far. - Bill, I did what you wanted, I got Tony out of there.