That's what you said five minutes ago. Now put it away. I got you the phone for emergencies, honey. Well, this is an emergency. Fine. How come you get to talk on the phone? That's not fair. Life's not fair. Hello. Hello? Who is this? Are you okay? Go! Move! Everybody down! Dad... Dad... - Dad! Dad! - Emily! - Dad! Dad! - Emily! Emily! Go! Get in there! - Daddy! - Let's go! Please don't hurt my daughter. I've got money. We don't want your money, Mr. Latham. We just need you to fix something for us. Let the record show this is the third day of this Senate hearing investigating human rights violations by the recently disbanded Counter Terrorist Unit. Yesterday, when we adjourned, we were discussing brutality and torture by CTU agents in the course of their operations. Will the witness please state his name? I don't see your counsel present. Is he or she not aware that we're about to start? I have chosen not to retain counsel. Mr. Bauer, I have to advise you that many of the questions that we're about to pose to you are of a legal nature and might result in answers that could incriminate you. I understand that, Senator. We can postpone your testimony until this afternoon if you'd like to bring in representation. Something that I would strongly advise. What is the first question, Senator? All right, then. Let's begin. Who is Ibrahim Hadad? That information is classified. We represent the people of the United States, and we have declassified those files on their behalf. Now, I'm going to ask you one more time: Who is Ibrahim Hadad? He was a member of a terrorist sleeper cell CTU had under surveillance in 2002. And isn't it true that you detained Mr. Hadad without due process, and that you used extreme interrogation methods on him until he answered your questions? Yes, sir. Would you say that you broke procedure with this interrogation? Probably. Probably? Well, that's a... very cavalier answer. You don't seem to care about the implications here. Well, Mr. Bauer? I'm sorry, Senator. I didn't hear a question. All right, then. Did you torture Mr. Hadad? According to the definitions set forth by the Geneva convention, yes, I did. Senator, why don't I save you some time. It's obvious that your agenda is to discredit CTU - and generate a series of indictments. - My only agenda is to get to the truth. I don't think it is, sir. Excuse me? Ibrahim Hadad had targeted a bus carrying 45 people, ten of which were children. The truth, Senator, is I stopped that attack from happening. By torturing Mr. Had. By doing what I deemed necessary to protect innocent lives. So, basically, what you're saying, Mr. Bauer, is that the ends justify the means, and that you are above the law. When I am activated, when I am brought into a situation, there is a reason. And that reason is to complete the objectives of my mission at all costs. Even if it means breaking the law? For a combat soldier, the difference between success and failure is your ability to adapt to your enemy. The people that I deal with. They don't care about your rules. All they care about is a result. My job is to stop them from accomplishing their objectives. I simply adapted. In answer to your question, am I above the law? No, sir. I am more than willing to be judged by the people you claim to represent. I will let them decide what price I should pay. But please do not sit there with that smug look on your face and expect me to regret the decisions that I have made, because, sir, the truth is, I don't. Excuse me, Senator. Sorry for interrupting, Senator. I'm Renee Walker with the FBI. We have a subpoena for Jack Bauer. I need him remanded into my custody immediately. I'm not surprised that anyone has a subpoena for Mr. Bauer, right now, you have to wait your turn. He's being questioned by the US Senate. We need Mr. Bauer immediately. Well, apparently, we're going to have to let you go for now, but we're not done with you. We'll reconvene with you tomorrow morning at the same time. - Is that understood? - Yes, sir. All right. Then you go along with these agents. Well, let's proceed. Bailiff, call the next witness. What is this about? I'm Special Agent Walker. This is Agent Teller. We need you to come with us to our office. It's just down the block. - Why? - You'll be briefed when we get there. - Hello? - Janis, it's me. Where's Larry? He's briefing Dornan's group. Tell him I've got Bauer, we're leaving the hearing now. That's good, 'cause the situation's heating up. - What are you talking about? - That crew we've been tracking? They just grabbed a man named Michael Latham. Latham? He worked on Homeland's Firewall Project. He didn't just work on it, he designed it. He's the chief engineer of the government's infrastructure security system. All right, I'll be there soon. - Did you get Bauer through security? - Not yet. Renee's bringing him in. They're only a couple of minutes out. Then you won't need him cleared for a couple of minutes. - Sean, as a friend, I'd like to keep... - You're not my friend. Sure. As someone as close to a friend as you are ever going to get, let me give you some advice. Most people don't like sarcasm. I myself have no problem with it, 'cause I'm cheerful. I'm a cheerful person. You're a cheerful person? Just get Bauer cleared. For the past eight weeks, this office has been investigating a series of technology thefts. Software, custom gate array chips, neural networks. Forensics concluded that the break-ins were the work of the same crew, but we didn't know what their end game was until now. This is Michael Latham. He's chief engineer on the Classified Infrastructure Portal, Homeland's Firewall Project. He was abducted ten minutes ago by the same group behind the technology thefts. You think they're using this guy Latham to get through the CIP firewall? That's our concern. The hardware they stole could be used to build a device to do just that. And Latham's one of the few people that could do it. We assume he's being forced to work on the device, or that he's already dead. Excuse me. Renee's on her way in with Jack Bauer. Thank you. We've tasked your people to help this investigation. - See Sean. He's got the packets. - We're on it. We're on line with GSA 117. - How many systems? - Communications, navigation... But we need the other systems working. Check on Latham. All right... It's done. Northeast 3, this is Global Skies 117. We are ready for clearance. GSA 117, Roger. You're clear to JFK Airport as filed. Maintain 5 000. Expect flight level of 280 ten minutes after departure. Cleared to JFK. Expect flight level 280. Welcome to Global Skies Flight Number 117,</i> passenger service from Reagan-National to JFK.</i> Weather in New York is cloudy with a chance of thunder showers,</i> so we may run into some turbulence along the way.</i> Tower to Skies, awaiting traffic off of Dulles.</i> Position hold, GSA 117. GSA 117, that's correct. I'm Agent Larry Moss. I'm the head of this office. You're here because Agent Walker thinks you might be able to help us with an investigation. Now, personally, I have my doubts, but I'll be happy to be proven wrong. Well, lucky for me, I'm not here to apply for a job. I don't care what makes you happy, so let's just get this over with. Take him to Renee's office. Do you want me in the room with you? Renee... You've read his file. Bauer's the kind of guy you say the wrong thing, he can go off. I'll be fine, Larry. If he goes off, I'll call you. All right, but if he doesn't produce, don't waste our time. Throw him back. What do you want? We've a national security matter that has gone critical. I'm hoping you can help us with it. Please sit down. I sent the differentials to Homeland. Was there anything else you need me to do? Has Bauer been indicted yet? No, but he will be after the Senate hearings. The CIP firewall protects every major infrastructure system in this country. If it were breached, telecommunication, transportation, power grids. - They would all be vulnerable. - Agent Walker, right? I'm not active. The DOJ is about to file criminal charges against me I'm not exactly in a position to help you with your situation. As much as I understand, how dire it is... No, I don't think you do. One of the men behind this threat... is someone you know. That's not possible. Tony Almeida is dead. - Apparently not. - I was there when he died. And he was rushed away by the Emts a minute later. You never saw him after that, and hours later you were abducted by the Chinese government. If Tony were still alive, I would know. He would have contacted me. We recovered this from a security camera where one of the technology thefts took place. It's time-stamped and dated. - Images can be manipulated. - Not this one. I'm sorry, I don't believe it. I had Almeida's grave exhumed. DNA tests confirmed that it was not his body that was buried. The evidence is right here. If you want to leave without looking at it, go ahead. - <i>GSA 117 on a roll.</i> - Masters? Yes, sir. - Are we in their system? - Yes. Roger Tower, GSA 117, switching to departure 126.8. Have a good day.</i> - What's the problem? - The CIP module it stopped working. What do you mean it stopped? It keeps going out of phase. Latham said it was good to go. Well, it's not. All right, let me have it. What did you do? I didn't do anything. I swear. Then why isn't it working? I don't know. Fix it. Now. You're gonna want to move faster than that. See, 'cause if you can't make this work in the next few minutes, I won't need you anymore. You understand what that means? Good. Now fix it. Officials say that an estimated 300,000 civilians,</i> Men, women, and children, have been killed</i> as part of General Benjamin Juma's campaign of ethnic cleansing.</i> Survivors in the African nation of Sangala,</i> believe American intervention is necessary</i> to prevent further bloodshed. The White House has made no public statements...</i> Juma's perpetrating the worst mass murder Africa has seen since Rwanda. - But if you read the columns... - I do. Half of them are against our taking action. But if we don't... six months from now, those same members of the press will be accusing us of moral bankruptcy. - We can always revisit the UN option. - The UN's paralyzed, Ethan, while people are being butchered by that madman. We have to lead. Even if it means going it alone. I'm not gonna have hundreds of thousands of lives on my conscience. General Juma has to be stopped. He will be, Madame President. As soon as you give the order. Are the Joint Chiefs here yet? They're gathering in the Situation Room. They'll call as soon as they're ready. I just heard Kevin Aldrich is doing a piece for CNB. He's still pressing his case against sending our troops in. As if getting through this day won't be hard enough. I can sit down with him and try to get him to hold off. - I'm not sure that's a good idea. - It's the last thing you need right now especially with public opinion so split. If you think you can talk Aldrich down, do it. Madame President, the Joint Chiefs are ready. Here's your briefing package. Wish me luck. Good luck. - Is this everything? - It's all there. I don't mean to sound like a broken record, but I'm not sure your husband is up to handling Aldrich. - Henry's fine. - He's better, I realize that, but... It's going to take more than a few months. He lost a son. So did you. And you haven't let your loss interfere with your job. Your husband is a strong man, but he doesn't have your resilience. It's not a matter of resilience, Ethan. There's not a day that goes by, not a moment when I don't think about my son. But I'm about to take this nation to war and grief is a luxury I can't afford right now. Before we begin, let me thank each of you for the time and work you've put into this operation. Putting American lives at risk is the hardest decision I've ever had to make... but it is one that has to be made. What was that? - It's working. - What was wrong? It was overheating. I came up with a workaround. Try it now. There. Yeah. It's transmitting again. We can send and receive. Double A-123 maintain course. - What was that? - I just got it, too. - Did you guys lose synch? - Yeah. I did, but we're back up now. - Anybody else lose synch? - No, I'm fine. - No, I'm good. - What's going on, Phil? This is gonna sound crazy, but we just got bumped for a second. But the log file doesn't show a power surge. This came from the system kernel. What are you talking about? The kernel's protected. Let me have a look. All we know for sure is that Almeida is part of a homegrown terrorist group that's targeting our infrastructure. He could be working undercover, some kind of sting operation. - Check every federal agency... - We have. State and city, too. He's not working for any of them. - There must be some other explanation. - There is. His wife was murdered by a faction operating inside the government, led by the President himself. Everybody involved in that is either in prison or has been killed. The government gave President Logan a slap on the wrist, cut him a deal. Sentencing him to house arrest on a hundred-acre ranch...? And you think Tony's looking for justice by attacking this country? Almeida lost everything he had, and he's blaming it on the government he spent his life serving. But you'd know better than me how that feels... how far a man might go. Not that far. And not Tony Almeida. There's a logical explanation for this. It's just something you're not seeing. Help me find Almeida and you can ask him yourself. You know how he thinks. You had the same training. You know the same people. I need complete access to everything you've got on this. - Come out here. Something just came in. - Be right there. Everything we have on Almeida's crew is in this directory. Start here... I'll be right back. What's going on? Northeast Air Traffic Control just called. They reported a possible intrusion into their communication systems. - It just happened. - Can they source them? They're trying, but so far, nothing. Why do we think this has to do with Almeida? I don't think you get intrusions like this unless someone's driving it, and the only way to drive it is through the CIP firewall. So they're going after air traffic control. That's what it looks like. Put me through to the White House. You doing a turnaround in New York? Nope. Got two days off. - I'm meeting my boyfriend in the city. - Oh, that'll be fun. Well, Doug said we were going to hit some weather. I'm going to need tech support to cross-reference your files. You'll be working with one of my analysts, Sean Hillinger. He can get you all you need to help us find Almeida. - They raise the threat level yet? - Yeah. We think Almeida's group got into air traffic control. What? It doesn't make sense. I don't need you to figure it out. Just help me find him. Sean, this is Jack Bauer. He's going to be working with the Almeida files. - Give him whatever he needs. - What about interfacing with FAA? Janis is working with some of Dornan's people on that. - You just help Jack. - Fine. - I'll check in. - Thanks. What do you want to see? Let's start with the technology thefts. How many were there? - Six. - Let's run a comp on all of them. Fantastic. The Expeditionary Strike Force and its Carrier Air Wing are now on scene. This gives us full spectrum dominance of the battle space. What kind of resistance are you anticipating from Juma's military? Minimal. Our air strikes will take out whatever defenses they've got. We can expect an open path to Juma's front door. Good. All we need to launch is a go order from you. You'll get a green light as soon as I've gone over Secretary Stevens' post-invasion report, which I'm still waiting for. I'll have it for you in a few minutes, ma'am. Unless there's a problem you'd like to discuss. Madame President, my objection to this operation isn't a secret to anyone in this room. For us to be wading into the middle of another civil conflict - halfway around the world... - We're done debating this. The UN's been issuing reprimands and economic sanctions while Benjamin Juma has slaughtered over 200,000 of his own people. That number will continue to grow if we don't stop him now. If you can't get behind what we're doing, I'll find a Secretary of State who can. But I am done with your handwringing. Excuse me, Madame President. Tim Woods from Homeland Security is outside. He needs to see you on another matter. - Can it wait? - No, ma'am, it can't. All right. We'll continue when I return. And, Joe I want that report in front of me when I get back. - What is it? - I don't have the details, but it involves a potential domestic breach. Tim is here to fill us in. Tim, make this brief; the Joint Chiefs are waiting. We've been working with the FBI the last eight weeks, investigating a series of technology thefts. We didn't understand the implications of this until today. The same people behind these thefts abducted a man named Michael Latham, one of the chief engineers in charge of protecting critical infrastructure. Tell me what we're dealing with. The FBI thinks these same people have forced Latham to create a device to hack through the CIP firewall. The firewall protects all national systems: energy, utilities, transportation... I'm here because the FAA reported some... irregularities in their air traffic control system. Are you saying commercial flights are in danger? Possibly. Do I need to give the order to ground air traffic? I'm afraid it's not that simple. There are more than 3,000 flights over the continental United States. To ground them all would take 12 hours, minimum, - and it could create a panic. - Then what do you recommend? Let us quietly decrease air traffic while the Bureau works their leads. We'll make sure you're briefed on a real-time basis. - I don't like the timing of this... - Timing? Could this be connected to our intervention in Sangala? The FBI hasn't found any connection. Evidence suggests that we're dealing with a domestic terror group, homegrown, with a strong, anti-government bias. And these leads you mentioned do you think you'll be able to catch these people before they do any real damage? The Bureau's got everyone on it, ma'am. - You didn't answer my question. - No, ma'am. I didn't. Madame President, at this time, we're doing preliminary assessments of any collateral damage. Of course, I don't condone what Juma's doing over there. But there are tribal wars all over the world. Why not intervene in Thailand, Malaysia? This isn't a tribal war, Kevin. It's a genocide. Ending it is the moral obligation of a nation as powerful as ours. That's a lofty aspiration, but the reality is a lot more complex. The president's going into this with both eyes open. How can she be sure the cycle of violence will stop after Juma's been taken out? Could be stuck there indefinitely... keeping the peace. If I gave you an exclusive preview of the president's post-invasion plans, you might change your mind. You're trying to bribe me with an exclusive? I'm trying to get you to give us some rope. What are you asking me to do, stop writing or write what I don't believe? Either one would be fine with me. Sir, you have a phone call on your private line. Could you excuse me for a moment, please, Kevin. It's Chuck Toland, sir. Wait. Chuck, did you find something? I did, but don't get carried away. It doesn't confirm your theory about how Roger died. But it is suspicious. - I'm listening. - His girlfriend, Samantha, received a large lump-sum deposit in an off-shore bank account about three days after Roger's suicide. You mean his alleged suicide. Right, sir. Where did the money come from? I couldn't tell. It looks like it's been washed. There's no readily identifiable source.</i> So... what does this mean? All it means is that she suddenly came into $400,000. If we find out anything more, I'm gonna need to talk to her personally. Is that how you want me to handle it?</i> No. If she's got anything to hide, she's not going to talk to a private investigator. I agree. So how do you want me to proceed? I'll talk to her myself. Is she still at that brokerage firm? Yeah, Sloane Kittridge. Good. I'm going to finish up here with Aldrich. Then I need you to take me somewhere, and keep it off the manifest. I don't want anyone to know where we're going. - Yes, sir. - Agent Gedge. Yes, sir. You think Chuck's taking advantage of me, don't you? - It's not my place to say that, sir. - I'm asking you anyway. Sir, the police and FBI have both investigated your son's death. And yes, I believe this PI could be exploiting your grief for personal gain. These so-called leads that he's generating have led nowhere. My son didn't kill himself. I'm sure of it. Yes, sir. Can you check that socket again, please? Has FAA reported any more anomalies? Not since the first three. Maybe it was just a glitch? Or a ripple caused when they broke the firewall and entered the system. If they're in, I can't see them, and I've checked every ELR socket. Keep looking. - What's going to happen? - What do you mean? If Almeida has broken through the firewall then we're screwed, right? Crashing a couple planes is really nothing compared to contaminating the water system - or bringing down the power grid... - Don't think about it, Janis. Just stay on task. Okay, so... I will just stay calm, right? - Pull up the second one. - You already looked at it. I want to look at it again, pull it up. Have you found anything? We keep looking at the same six forensic reports over and over. - What are you looking for? - An entry point. - They had access cards. - But noaccess card was stolen, which means they were forged. These access cards have individual signatures, making them almost impossible to forge. Only a couple guys can do it. Can you access old CTU files? Sure. Pull up August 1999. Code name: Hatteras. - Just got a call from Homeland. - And? They briefed the president but she's not ready to ground planes. Here you go. Hatteras file. You know, you can hire a $14.00-an-hour data applications geek to do this; you don't need me. I wouldn't advertise that. There he is... Gabriel Schector. - Who is he? - He was a supplier. Tony and I used him to buy things off-book. See if he's in your database. - Yeah. He's there. - Is he still in Los Angeles? No. According to this earmark, he came to DC nine weeks ago. The thefts started a week after that. That's your guy. - Do you have an address? - He's subletting an office downtown... 1208 Naylor Road, Suite 630. Put a field team together, pick him up. I'll call Judge Simons, have a warrant ready. - That's a mistake. - Why? You don't have time with Schector... you serve him with a warrant, he'll call his lawyers, he'll stall as long as he needs. What's the alternative, Jack? Break in and torture the guy, like you used to do? Isn't that how you ended up in front of a senate sub-committee? Is this how it starts? You get in my face, tighten your jaw, then if I say something you don't like, you slam me against the wall. You have no idea what I do. And last time I checked, you subpoenaed me. You want my help, you want my advice, take it. You don't, don't. I don't care. You said you used to work with this man. How well does he know you? He knows me. Larry, can I talk to you for a second? - I want to take Bauer with me. - No. I'm not letting him put his hands on a suspect. He won't need to put his hands on anybody. If he's in the room, Schector will talk. Renee, you saw... I'm trying to find Almeida before it's too late, and Schector is our best lead. So you want to intimidate him with Bauer? Schector knows how far Bauer might go. Let's use that. And if Schector doesn't blink, then what? I'll keep Bauer on a short leash. We're the FBI, not CTU. We honor the law. Even when it's not convenient. This situation is heating up fast. The president's into it now, - and she's expecting results. - Yeah, I know. It's your call. But I promise you, I can handle Bauer. All right. But I'm holding you responsible. - And I'm sending backup teams. - Okay. You're coming with me, and you're doing this my way. Tell me about Schector. He used to work for defense contractor in San Diego, till he went on his own. - Legitimate? - Yeah, at first, then he got greedy. Started using his connections to acquire technology, sell it on the gray market. Who'd he sell to, terrorists? No. Usually foreign governments trying to get around treaties. And how did you and Tony get involved with him? We arrested him, we turned him. He was a great conduit for Intel. CTU didn't mind that you let this guy stay in business? CTU didn't know. It was just Tony and me. You and Tony were tight? Yeah, we were close. All right, so it sounds like Tony, who everyone thinks is dead, puts together a plan to hijack American security. He contacts Schector to help him with this plan. Except you don't believe it. That Tony's dirty. I believe that Tony's alive. And that he's doing something dangerous, and that we need to find him. We confirmed Schector's inside. How do you want to handle this? I'm going in with Bauer. - Alone? - I want Schector to talk. I don't want to spook him. Call me when backup gets here. Matobo's fighters are hidden outside the capitol in three camps. Alpha, beta and delta. Our ground forces will join up with them once the air strikes are completed. Make sure General Wagner understands our priority is to maintain order in the streets. People need to see that their country's being governed under the rule of law. What happens when Matobo's men execute General Juma without a trial? Should we intervene or let the mob tear them apart? I'm meeting with Mr. Matobo in a few minutes. I'll make sure he keeps his men in line. And, Joe, I was wrong to dress you down in front of the Joint Chiefs. I'm sorry. No need to apologize. - You're under a lot of pressure. - That's still no excuse. Thank you, ma'am, I appreciate that. The fact remains, if you can't get behind this operation with both shoulders, I will need your resignation. That won't be necessary, ma'am. Whatever doubts I have, - I'll keep them to myself. - Good. - Excuse me, Madame President. - What is it, Ethan? I thought you'd want to know, Henry Aldrich has agreed to delay his broadcast for 24 hours. Henry's doing? I underestimated him. Letting him intervene was the right call. That's some good news. What about the firewall situation? Has the FBI made any progress? They've identified a man who may have information. They're about to question him. It's more than likely he's not going to give you this information easily. Remember, this is an FBI operation. We work within the confines of the law. You can threaten him, but do not lay hands on him. The minute I see you crossing that line, I will pull you back, understood? Understood. Agent Walker, FBI. I'm here to talk to Gabriel Schector. Just a second. Can I help you? How are you, Gabe? Didn't know you were FBI. I'm not. Just came along for the ride. Mr. Bauer is here under my authority. So I can hold you responsible for anything he does while he's here. I have a witness. Sure. Come on in. Please. Have a seat. Well, well, well... this should be an interesting conversation. How long's it been, Jack? Years. How's the Senate thing doing? I hear they dismantled the CTU. Don't tell me. It was your fault, wasn't it? Mr. Schector, we're not here to make small talk. I have questions. You have my undivided attention. - Where's Tony Almeida? - Tony Almeida? In the ground, I suppose. Unless he was cremated. Didn't he die at CTU a while back? You got an out here, Gabe. They're not after you. They're willing to accept that you didn't know what Tony Almeida was going to do with the components that you helped him steal. Nobody I knew stole anything, and if they did, I knew nothing about it. This is far more serious than you know. If you help us find Almeida, I can see to it that you're kept in the clear. Otherwise, you could be a co-conspirator to multiple terrorist acts. No, well, I think this conversation is over. I tried to answer all your questions honestly, but I think, from now on, you can speak to my lawyers. So, good-bye, Jack. And good luck with the Senate. Hope they fry your ass. Ari, could you show these people to the door, please. - You want to play it like this? - That's the way I want to play. - Drop your weapon. - Drop it now! You two are going to prison! This was unprovoked! Unprovoked! Your man Ari was going for his gun... I've got a witness. Why don't we try having this conversation again. Where is Tony Almeida? No. I'm not talking to you. Where is he? Tony Almeida's dead. What do you want me to do? This is your call. Do whatever it takes. This is against the law. You can't do this. - I'm gonna enjoy this. - Enjoy what? All right! I'll tell you what I know! There's no need for me to lose my good looks over this. Last time I saw Almeida... - Are you all right? - Yeah! Tell your men they've got a shooter on the Columbia Building, heading south. Shots fired. Suspects are down. The shooter's on the roof of the building across the street. Seal all exits. Get away from this, Jack. Tony? There's nothing you or the FBI can do about this. - Just stay away. - Tony, just talk to me. What the hell's going... What's going on at Schector's office? I don't know. They haven't checked in yet. GSA 117, Northeast Three, descend pilot's discretion, direct JFK.</i> Northeast Three, roger, we're starting our descent now. GSA 117, descend and maintain 2,000, expect holding runway four-right. GSA 117, I did not receive your read-back. Acknowledge. Over. GSA 117, acknowledge. Mr. Paulson, I've lost comm with GSA 117. - Try the emergency channels. - I did. Nothing. And there's no fault on my board. I redirected twice. Something's interfering with our comm. Call back FBI! Tell them we have a 767 on approach no longer under our control! - Yes, sir. - GSA 117, acknowledge. GSA 117, this is Northeast Three. Go ahead, Air Traffic Control. Advise passing 7,000, maintain 1,500. Traffic ahead reporting moderate turbulence.</i> Should be a smoother ride for you down there.</i> Roger that, Northeast Three. Understand, Northeast Three, GSA 117.</i> Enter descent for 1,500. All right. Get ready to make the course change. We're really taking