I'm afraid not, ma'am. Our suspect escaped beyond the perimeter. I was told that the area was locked down. What happened? He had help from Tony Almeida. Almeida? He was working for us. It only appeared that way. Apparently, he pursued his own agenda, trying to get his hands on the canister. - We're all regrouping to develop leads. - I may have one. As Hodges was taken into custody, he yelled at me about some larger group that would continue on after his arrest. If that's the case, we need to talk to him. I need you to call the attorney general and draft a witness protection agreement for Jonas Hodges. There's no other way he'll talk. This man murdered your son, not to mention hundreds of innocent civilians. Is there anything else that I can do for you? Other than kill Jonas Hodges, no. I didn't mean that. You're right. We shouldn't be talking about this over the phone. - How soon can you be here? - How's 15 minutes sound? The plan was to launch simultaneous attacks early next year in multiple cities, so the public would finally see that the government can't protect them. They'd demand drastic measures, and we'd step in. We were going to supply the enemies that want to destroy this country. Muhammed this, Achmed that. I need the names of the people that you are working with. - I don't have any... - I want the names! Another attack today is all we need to push this thing right over the edge. This is no time to pull back. We take that canister - and finish the job off today. - I'll contact the group. The attack will be attributed to this man:</i> Jibraan Al-Zarian. We're talking about launching a new operation in the next few hours</i> and with only one canister. The plan for this operation was already in place.</i> We'd just be accelerating the timetable.</i> Jonas Hodges was a loose cannon, and the group is well rid of him, but, in his lunacy, he did us a favor.</i> I say we take it. Hamid! Keep your mouth shut and no one gets hurt. - You understand? - Yes! How much more time do you need? The material's almost finished downloading. Financial records are in place. I'm gonna need about another 15 minutes to alter the time stamps. Good. I'm gonna take this off. You yell for help, you and your brother die. Understand? Who are you people? You're putting Jihadi propaganda on my computer. These weapons... You're... You're trying to make me look like a terrorist. Why? Listen to me, Jibraan. There's only one thing you need to know. If you don't do exactly as I say, you're going to watch your younger brother die right in front of your eyes. And then... I'm gonna kill you. However... if you cooperate... there's a good chance you will live through this. What do you want me to do? First off... you're going to read this statement in front of a camera, and you're going to read it like you mean it. No, this is insane. I can't read this. I'm not going to do this. Okay, see, that sounds to me like you think you have a choice. Please, this is not right. You can't do this to us. Okay, fine. Okay, please don't hurt him. I'll do whatever you say. I'll give you five minutes to look that over. I just finished the first sweep with the CTU servers. - There's been no chatter, no activity. - You updated the watch list? Yes, everyone on that list is already under surveillance by law enforcement. If one of them was gonna do something, we would know about it. - We have to widen our parameter. - To include what? I want you to check out every Muslim in the Washington D.C. area. Target anyone who's working in a sensitive government position or in a place that might get hit. Then start pulling the files on every political activist working in the Muslim community. Also, I want you to contact INS. I want a list of every recent immigrant from an Islamic country. - Has anybody heard of racial profiling? - Janis, not now. No, she's right. You're right, this is racial profiling. I don't like it any more than you do, but Hodges told me specifically that he was going to utilize Muslim extremists in an effort to offload the blame for this attack. I need to know who he's working with, and we're running out of time. I don't know a better way of doing this. So if you do, please tell me now. Okay, thank you. I need you to run down the list of... - I'm sorry, I forgot what I was saying. - INS records, Jack? Yeah, run those down first and then work backwards. Excuse me. This is the second time he's done this. He keeps forgetting things, - he looks like hell. - He's doing pretty well, considering. Considering? Considering what? He didn't tell you? Tell me what? If there's something wrong with Jack, tell me now. He's sick, Chloe. He was infected with the prion variant. How? He was trying to recover the bioweapon canisters and one of them ruptured. He was exposed. - Oh, my God. - Sorry, he didn't want you to worry. - Why didn't you tell me you were sick? - It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter? I'm your friend. We need to stay focused on finding Tony. You should be in the hospital. There's no treatment for this. There's no cure. So you're telling me you're dying? How long? A day, maybe two. I've been taking this anti-seizure medicine to keep me on my feet. It's been working so far. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. Chloe, it's all right. I've accepted it... and I need you to accept it, too. Whatever time I've got left, I want it to matter. We need to find Tony, put an end to this. I can't do this without you. Please, I need you to go back to work. We strike this blow for our brothers and sisters who have died at the hands of this corrupt nation. Hour is here, and we are ready for the war that is to come. Our fighters will not rest until America lies crippled and dying, her streets running with blood, and her people begging for mercy, but there will be none... only our vengeance. We have a problem. - What is it? - Police. Why don't you close down the computer and get out of sight. Take everything down and watch the brother. You need to come with me. - What is happening? - There are two police officers outside. I want you to find out what they want and convince them that everything is okay in here. Jibraan, don't try to warn them. DCPD. Open the door, please. Yes? "Jibrain" Al-Zarian? Jibraan Al-Zarian. We got a call from one of your neighbors. They said they heard some yelling coming from your apartment, saw people they didn't recognize enter the premises, thought there might be some trouble. No, everything is fine. Those were friends of mine. And what about the yelling? We got into an argument. They were drinking a little too much. It was nothing. Where are your friends now, sir? You know, they got too loud, so I asked them to leave. They won't be back. I'm very sorry for the noise. It won't happen again. I promise. Just keep it down from now on. - I will. - Have a good night. You, too. All right, we're clear. You did good, Jibraan. We have to finish reading this statement before we take off. Where are we going? Don't worry about that. You just keep doing as we say, and you and your brother are gonna make it through this, all right? Set him up. ... and there will be none, only our vengeance. And this is only the beginning. We will strike again and again in the name of all that is great and righteous. I think I've got something. Agent Walker? What is it? One of the filters just flagged this. I just finished vetting it. These are multiple deposits over a period of six months. They're from an overseas Muslim relief organization called the Islamic League for World Peace. A total of two million dollars to the Washington Continental Bank. Every penny of it was withdrawn within 30 minutes. What name's on the account? Jibraan Al-Zarian. He's 27 years old, moved here from Pakistan on a student visa four years ago. This is his personal web account. These are some of the sites he's been looking at recently. - We got an address on him? - No. This address is false. It doesn't exist. Yeah, his visa expired. He probably doesn't want to be found. He does have a personal reference on his INS form. - Who? - Muhtadi Gohar. He lives at the G Street Mosque in Georgetown. He's the imam there. He might be able to help us find Al-Zarian. We need to talk to him. Put out an APB on Al-Zarian, run it through the interagency database. See what else you can find. Fax everything over to the car. Great work. Jack, wait. Are you sure you're up for this? I have to see this through. Please. I can help. Let's go. Come in. - Ma'am, Mr. Collier to see you. - Thank you, Agent Pierce. That'll be all. - I appreciate you coming, Martin. - It's been a long time. You look good. Thanks. So, Olivia, I know why you asked me here, but I have to tell you, having me dig up dirt on Noah Daniels is one thing. This is a whole different animal. I'm aware of that, Martin. I want this to happen. I want this person taken care of. It's Jonas Hodges. - Starkwood? - Yes. What in God's name do you have against him? I don't know how much of this will get out, but Hodges was behind everything that happened today, from the planes going down to the attack on the White House. - What? - It's true. He's also responsible for the death of my brother. I thought your brother killed himself. He was murdered, and Hodges was responsible. But why? It's complicated, Martin, and I don't have time to go into it. All you need to know is Hodges worked a deal. Witness Protection. My mother approved it, and he's going free... - unless someone intervenes. - Okay, can I give you a little advice? - What? - This is big game. Walk away. - I can't do that. - Once this happens, once it goes through, you can never go back. You will live with it for the rest of your life. I don't need a lecture on conscience from you, of all people. I have thought this through. What I can't live with is that monster getting away with this. He has to pay for what he did. So, where's Hodges now? In FBI custody, downtown bureau. Deal has been signed. He's being released into witness protection within the hour. Here's his itinerary. When he walks out that door, we lose him. He disappears forever. This has got to happen fast. All right. I'll make a call. I'll get you contact information, a price, and instructions on how to transfer the funds. Thank you. You'll hear from me soon. This is U.S. Marshal Sullivan. I'm placing you in his custody. He'll take you to witness protection. Thank you for your hospitality, young lady. This dossier outlines your new identity, your new place of residence, all the information you're going to need to make this transition. Robert Tippett? That's my new name? Yes, sir. Sounds like a dog breed. Our first stop is the WITT-SEC facility in Colorado. We'll put the finishing touches on your new biography, fabricate your new ID, get you into counseling. Counseling? It helps entrants deal with their new circumstances. Son, you know who I am. Do I impress you as someone who needs therapy to cope with new circumstances? The service is available if you want it, sir, courtesy of the American taxpayer. You think I'm getting off easy, don't you? I don't think anything. I can smell attitude, son, and you're giving it off pretty thick. I've lost everything. My company, my family, and most importantly, my name. You know how much blood and sweat went into making that name mean something? We leave for Andrews Air Force Base in 30 minutes. I suggest you get ready. I'm fine. We don't even know that they've done anything yet. They could be innocent. Innocent? You heard Hodges. They're gonna use sleeper cells to carry out these attacks. Al-Zarian might not be knowingly complicit about what happened today, but innocent? No. This is Agent Walker with FBI. Mr. Gohar? We're sorry to bother you at such a late hour, but we need your help. - My help? - To stop a potential terrorist attack. Mr. Gohar? I know you. My name is Jack Bauer. Of course. I watched your testimony on television. Sir, can we talk to you inside? Please. What do you want? We're looking for a man who worships here. We believe he may be helping to plan another attack that may be happening soon, in D.C. I knew the blame would eventually fall on us. His name is Jibraan Al-Zarian. Do you know him? And why do you think he's a terrorist? He fits a specific profile. - You mean, he is a Muslim. - He's a Pakistani national. His VISA lapsed a year ago. And he has no legal address. He listed you as a personal reference on his INS form. Where someone worships is private information, protected by law. Finding Al-Zarian is the only way to prevent an attack against civilians. So, I ask you again, sir, do you know him? Look at the photo! Yes, I know him. But he is not a terrorist! What makes you so sure? Jibraan has come to me many times for spiritual advice. I know the man. He is not violent and he is not an extremist. We have evidence that indicates otherwise. - I would like to see this evidence. - Listen to me. We did not come here to debate this with you. - Where does he live? - I don't know. - Where does he work? - I don't know. - And I don't believe you! - But you expect me to believe you? I watched your hearing at the Senate, I know what you have done. So, tell me why should I believe anything you say to me? First because you don't have a choice. Second, because I am telling you the truth! The truth is that you come into a house of worship with information you should not have, an outrageous accusation, no legal warrant, and threaten me. - I have not threatened you. - Not yet. - But we both know where this is going. - If you're so sure he's innocent, why are you afraid to tell us where he is? - Where is he? - I told you, I don't know. But even if I did, I would say nothing. I would not help you arrest an innocent man. - This is Agent Walker. - It's Janis. A DCPD officer recognized Jibraan Al-Zarian from a domestic disturbance call he took 15 minutes ago. The address is 2700 Eastbrook, Apartment 3. Good. Coordinate with DCPD. Set up an envelope and put the building under surveillance. We'll be there in 10 min. We have an address on Al-Zarian. Let's go. - Turn around. - Why? I said turn around. Put your hands up, now! What are you doing? I'm not letting him call Al-Zarian before we get there. - He's coming with us. - You have no right! - I have done nothing wrong! - Shut up! ... there will be none, only our vengeance. And this is only the beginning. We will strike again and again in the name of all that is great</i> and righteous. All right, fine. The staging team's ready and waiting on us. This'll be uploaded in 2 minutes. Good. We're getting ready to move out. I'm gonna need you to talk to your brother. Tell him what we discussed. Go ahead and wake him up. Please, I can't do this. Yes, you can. And you will. How do I know you won't kill Hamid anyway? Because we need him to tell the police that his brother's a terrorist. Believe me, you're saving his life by doing this. Come on, let's go. Calm down. - Don't be scared. - Jibraan, what is this? Sorry we had to do it this way. You're not gonna be hurt anymore. We? Who is we? What's happening? - I'll explain everything to you. - Who's he? He's a friend. Your friend? I know your friends. I've never seen him before. That's because I have kept him from you. What are you talking about? I have to tell you something. I'm not the person you think I am. What? I hate what this country has done to our people. And I'm working with these men. They're gonna help me strike back against the evil that has been done to us. Strike back? I can't say any more than that. I don't believe it. This country brought us in, gave us a home, - that's what you always said. - Yeah, that was a lie. I have been protecting you from this rage I've always felt inside. But now it is time for you to know the truth. It was the Americans who killed our parents, Hamid. I'm going to make them pay. What have you done to my brother? You've poisoned his mind. They haven't done anything to me. It is very important you accept what I'm saying to you. Why are you telling me this? When they'll ask you why I did what I did, I want you to tell them. No one will blame you for anything. You have done nothing wrong. I know this is very difficult for you to understand. But over time, you will see. I love you, Hamid. You said today was a bad day to be a Muslim. It's an even worse day to be your brother. Let's go. Staging area's ready. - You stay here and finish up. - Understood. Jibraan, don't do this. - Everything set? - Yeah. Was the brother convinced? I'm not sure. But even if he wasn't, once the attack happens, he will be. Let's go. Hello? Martin Collier said you'd be expecting my call. He gave me the target's itinerary. I'm set to go.</i> Good, so the terms are acceptable. They are. I just need you to transfer the funds.</i> What's the account number? International banking code is victor-6-bravo-1-bravo-1.</i> Account number: 0-5-9-9-0-7 2-4 7-7. After the funds have been transferred, I'll proceed.</i> There'll be no need to have any further contact.</i> All right, but what are you... Excuse me, Ms. Taylor. I thought you should know your father has asked to see you. My father's here? In light of the potential bioweapon attack, the President ordered him moved to the White House for his safety. Thank you, Aaron. I just have something to take care of. Tell them I'll be right there. Yes, ma'am. You've reached Martin Collier. Please leave a message.</i> Martin, it's Olivia Taylor. I spoke to the contact, but I couldn't go through with it. I decided to take your advice and walk away. Please call me as soon as you can. It's Chloe, I found something weird about these hits on Jibraan Al-Zarian. - Go ahead. - I said that the 2 million dollars was deposited into his account over a period of six months? That wasn't right. They were backdated. - What do you mean? - One of the trace algorithms caught a discrepancy, all that money was really just deposited 30 minutes ago. What about the extremist websites he was visiting? Same thing with the time stamps. The hits were backdated 30 minutes ago. Are you absolutely positive? It looks that way. Jibraan could be innocent. Thanks. What's going on? Chloe found evidence that Jibraan is being set up. He's been framed. Why would Almeida frame an innocent man? They wouldn't want to risk the attack not being carried out properly. How could I be so stupid? An innocent man is so much easier to control. All they needed was a Muslim, they could create whatever background they wanted. Give me your hands. I am surprised. Why? You were right. Not about Jibraan. My experience with the authorities, the police is that they will go to any lengths not to admit they were wrong. Even at the expense of an innocent man's life. At least you didn't do that. Please know that I forgive you. I'm not asking for your forgiveness. Then I hope you can at least forgive yourself. I gave up on that a long time ago. It's never to late to turn towards God, Mr. Bauer. - That's enough? - Thanks. Thank you. You don't need to stay with me. But they know where to find me if they need me. I thought it was important for you to hear what's going on. And for you to understand why I did what I did. You're the President, sweetheart. You don't owe me an explanation. There's my girl. Livy, you can squeeze a bit harder. I won't break. I might! - Sorry I couldn't come to the hospital. - Don't be silly. You're a godsend being here helping your mom. Just knowing you two were speaking again, let alone working together, that's enough. Henry, I'm not sure that our détente is holding at the moment. Your mother told me about the deal she made with Jonas Hodges. And I know you, understandably, have... serious concerns about that. I've had some time to think. To put myself in Mom's position. To be objective and pragmatic... the way a good leader should be. Has to be. I know that decision was horrible for you. But I do understand. I'm sorry I made the choice even harder. Jonas Hodges will face judgment one day. If not in this life, in the next. Mr. Tippet. Sorry. It's gonna take me a while to get used to that. Always does. I'll need to confiscate the wallet. We can't let you hold on to anything that ties you to your former life. And the picture. You like your job, Mr. Sullivan? It has its challenges. You strike me as someone... who wouldn't be totally satisfied ferrying prisoners around. I don't plan on doing this my entire life. Good to hear that. Maybe you and I can do some work together some day. I don't intend to be Mr. Tippet forever. Sign here acknowledging transfer. FBI's identified the man they believe is going to carry out the attack. Bauer and Walker are on their way to a possible location for him. Have they found out anything that would give us an idea of the target - or a timetable? - No. Nothing actionable. Not yet. Madam President. This is Woods. Are you sure? How did this happen? Call me as soon as you know more. What is it, Tim? - Jonas Hodges was just killed. - What? How? Car bomb. As he was leaving FBI. What else do they know? Are there any suspects? Not yet. Excuse me. My guess is this was an inside job. Inside job? Whoever ordered the hit knew exactly when and where Hodges was being transported. Damn it! Get on top of this. I want to know exactly how this happened. Ms. Taylor, is everything all right? It's fine. I'll be right back. Hodges is dead! Calm down. We shouldn't be talking on the phone. You don't understand, there's been a terrible mistake. I spoke to the man whose number you gave me. But I didn't go through with it. I couldn't. - Didn't you get my message? - I said calm down. I can't! Hodges is dead, I'm responsible. We cannot have this conversation over the phone. Do you understand? Do you realize what could happen to me? You need to stop talking now. Do you hear me? Take a deep breath, listen to me. - All right, we'll hang up, okay? - All right. I'm listening. - Can you get to Pershing Park? - No, not right now. - I'm in a meeting with my mother. - Fine. I'll wait. Get there as fast as you can. We'll talk about this face-to-face. All right. Thank you, Aaron. What do you have, Agent? Armed hostile in the back room, holding a hostage. - What about Almeida? - He's not in there. See for yourself. - Reed, give us another look. - Yes, sir. Move in closer on the hostage. - Is that who you're looking for? - No. That's Jibraan's brother, Hamid. They're using him as leverage, to make Jibraan do what they want. - How can you be sure? - 'Cause that's what I would've done. It is imperative that we take this hostile alive. He's our only shot at finding out where this attack is going taking place. - I've already informed my men. - I want to run point on this. Thanks. You're going to stay here with the backup teams. Are you sure that's such a good idea? What? Agent Bauer... he doesn't seem to be too well. - Maybe you should be in charge. - I am. Jack was infected with the bioweapon. The same one that they are going to use in this attack. - He should be in the hospital. - There is no treatment. He probably has less than a day to live. So if he is strong enough, trust me, he's the best person for this job. I'm sorry, - I didn't realize. - Agent Walker, we're ready. Please, Mr. Bauer, do what you can to save Hamid. We've checked the windows. We have a clear approach. - Let's go. - Agents, stay with Mr. Gohar. On my count. 3... 2... 1. Hamid, stop! Put it down. We're FBI. We need him alive. - Put it down. - He made my brother into a terrorist. Your brother is not a terrorist. He's innocent. He's being set up. He's being forced to do this. What? The only one who can tell us where your brother is is that man right there. Now put it down. Stand up now, put your hands behind your head. Do it! Agent Walker, move in now. Move. On the bed. Damn it, he's bleeding out. We need a medic, now! We need a med team on site. Sit right there. Are you in their system? I've tapped into the security trunk line, I'm still looping in breakers to make sure the tap doesn't get flagged. Well, we're on a timetable here. - How much longer is it going to take? - 10, maybe 15 minutes. Hand me that case. What are you going to have me do?