It's more virulent than we thought. - We're just masking the symptoms. - I understand. - There's something you could consider. - What's that? A possible treatment using stems cells from a genetically-compatible donor. Your file says you have a daughter. I don't want my daughter involved in this. Daddy. Agent Walker told me that there's a chance, a small chance that I could help you, and you don't want me to. I'm dying, and whatever small chance there is to stop that from happening, it is not worth the pain for me to let you sit there and watch me die. Hodges has 13 Python missiles armed with the bioweapons. He demanded that I recall the planes, or he would launch. Tony Almeida is still inside Starkwood. He believes he can gain access to the fuel depot, and lay a series of explosive charges, and take the missiles out. - What do you think you're doing? - You'll take me down to the fuel tanks. You're too late. Jonas, we've taken out your missiles. It's over, and you're under arrest. You can't even imagine what you're up against. - What are you talking about? - You'll find out. Agent Moss, this is Davis at Auxiliary Gate Six. I have a Starkwood op in custody. He was carrying a canister of the bioweapon. - Are you sure? - I'm looking at it right now. One of the Starkwood ops. He's got a canister of the bioweapon. I need you to close down all access roads, and alert perimeter units and Metro Police. - Get me D.C. Metro. - I'll pursue from the air. Let's go! - I'm okay. - Tony! - Yeah? - Patricia, Matt. I got off the phone with Secret Service.</i> You're cleared with White House security at the south entrance.</i> How soon do you think you'll get there?</i> Within the half-hour. - Do you know why Hodges was arrested? - <i>They didn't give me a lot.</i> Apparently, Jonas was in some kind of policy meeting with the president,</i> and things got out of hand. That's when he requested his favorite attorney.</i> I'm flattered. I'll call you after I've spoken to him. Thanks a lot. Hurry it up. We just got an ID on the suspect. A security camera picked him up leaving the compound with a backpack. Robert Galvez, two-year Starkwood employee, former special forces. Relay that to Larry, he needs to know who he's tracking. He's not answering his comm. - How far away is backup? - They're still a few minutes out, but Agent Park's teams have secured a four-block perimeter. The bioweapons canister is secured within the cordon. Get Galvez' picture out to Tactical and distribute department wide. - Got it. - And keep trying Larry. To all units, I'm uploading a photo of the suspect</i> to all agents' PDAs. His name is Robert Galvez. Be advised he has advanced military training,</i> so proceed with caution. Almeida, are you there? Are you in a secure location? I'm holed up in a storage yard near the projects on Jefferson. But I just spotted a patrol. I better keep moving. No, don't. The FBI's got the entire perimeter locked down. And they know who you are. - How? - They have a picture. Which means the search teams can ID you on sight. Just stay put until I can get a read on their search protocols, - and I'll guide you out. - I shouldn't have helped you. I promise you, that canister you stole for me is worth a lot of money to the people I'm working for. What good that money's gonna do me in prison. Just shut up and do what I tell you. Guard the canister, stay put, and wait for my call. We've got agents down. Get a med team out here now. Almeida, can you hear me? What happened? Where's the suspect? He ambushed us. Did you see where he went? I don't know. I just got confirmation the Tac Team has arrived at the scene. - Do we have a 20 on Larry? - Not yet. Excuse me, Agent Walker. I know you're busy. I just came to say good-bye. - Good-bye? Where are you going? - Back to L.A. I don't understand. You're not going through with the treatment? - It's his only chance for a cure. - I know that, and so does he. But it's a slim one, and he believes it's not worth taking, so... If he's going to die, he wants it to be on his terms. Can't you change his mind? I would think you'd know by now that no one can change my father's mind when it's made up. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I put you in this position. No, don't be. I'm grateful to you, Agent Walker. My father and I got to say a lot of things to each other. I wish I could have said more, but I don't want to cause him more pain. Renee, Agent Park is on the phone for you. - I need to take this. - I understand. Good luck. - This is Walker. - It's Park. Agent Moss is dead. What? Apparently, he was killed in an ambush by the suspect.</i> The chopper pilot, too. Tony Almeida's been shot, but he's alive.</i> I've got medical personnel working on him now. Do we have any lead on Galvez? No, but the area's been cordoned off. He couldn't have gotten far. We're setting up an operations base here on the scene to coordinate the manhunt.</i> - How do you want to proceed? - Me? You're the ranking agent in charge now.</i> Maintain the perimeter. Begin a south-north sweep. I'll chopper out a team and meet you there as soon as I can. I have more than enough personnel. You don't need to be involved - in the search. - Yes, I do. - Keep me posted if you hear anything. - Yes, ma'am. He was killed in a shootout with the suspect. Oh, God. I need you to brief the White House. Call Dr. Macer and have her deploy a HazMat team to the perimeter line. Assemble a team to chopper out with me. I'm so sorry. Someone's going to need to notify Larry's ex-wife. Probably shouldn't be me. It's okay. I'll take care of it. All right. We've debriefed on hours 8:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. pertaining to the CIP recovery and the capture of Ike Dubaku. Now, Mr. Bauer, - maybe you'd like to take a break. - No. We need to finish this while I still can. Let's go. Now, according to your earlier statement, it was about this time you received intel regarding the imminent attack on the White House. Tony Almeida provided me with the intel, but we didn't know the White House was a target at that time. And who was Mr. Almeida's source? He was interrogating a mercenary. Did Almeida give you a name? Yeah. Sorry. Cardiff. He said his name was Vincent Cardiff. Did you yourself question the source? He didn't survive Tony's interrogation, but he was the one who provided us with the intel on the upcoming attack. But we did not know that the White House was the target at that time. We did not know the White House was... You sure you don't want to take that break? I'm repeating myself again. I'm sorry. Here's the data file you asked for, sir. Tom, we need to move. Agent Walker's got our assignments. Excuse me. We won't lose control of this situation. I know that most of you are tired, working double shifts, but I need each of you focused and alert if we are going to locate the suspect and secure the bioweapon canister that he's carrying. While I am out in the field, you will pass all pertinent information out of this office through Janis. Let's get to work. Adams, you and your men are with me. I'll meet you at the helipad. - The bioweapon's still out there? - We have it contained. Wait a second. Wait a second. Just tell me what the hell is going on. A Starkwood operative, Robert Galvez, stole a canister of the pathogen. We have him trapped inside a perimeter a mile or so from Starkwood's compound. - Is Larry in command of the perimeter? - He was killed in a firefight. What? Tony was injured. He's at the scene with the advance team. Larry's dead? We have two agents down. Yes. I have to go. You're lucky. An inch to the left, the bullet might have nicked your splenic artery. You need to get yourself checked out at the hospital. - I can't do that right now. - Let me get you something for the pain. No, I need to keep my head clear. Sweep 9, this is Mobile Command, what's your status? Mobile Command, this is Sweep 9, Southeast grid 211 clear. Moving on.</i> Copy that, Sweep 9. Sweep 7, what's your position? Clearing 214. Nothing so far. - No sign of him? - Don't worry. We'll find him. You should get some rest. Thanks. They're sweeping north, clearing grids. You've got a clear path on Jefferson all the way up to 12th and 13th Street. That should be the last sector they're searching. Judging by their progress, it'll give you about 30 minutes. Should be plenty of time. Time for what? - You still got that C-4 I gave you? - Yeah. I got it. All right. I want you to find a structure, a store, warehouse, something big enough where they have to enter and search. We need to draw as many of them into the building as possible, then blow it. You want me to blow up a couple of dozen FBI agents? - You got a problem with that? - The perimeter will be still locked. How doing this is gonna get me out with the canister? I've got that worked out. - What the hell are you doing? - I'm going with you. You're ill. If my condition interferes with your operation, I will stand down. I give you my word. You want keep arguing about this, waste more time? I'm not getting out. Good morning. Good morning. Ms. Eames. - You're Jonas Hodges' attorney. - That's right. They told us to expect you. I just need you to place your thumb against the glass. Sergeant Cadden will escort you to the holding area. Thank you. How could this man have gotten out of Starkwood with the bioweapon? No one's sure. But he's already murdered 4 people. Including Larry Moss. The FBI has tracked him to a nearby residential district. They've sealed off the area and are conducting a thorough search. Mom, this man Galvez is a Starkwood operative. Clearly, Hodges is behind this. Maybe. What do you mean, maybe? As Hodges was taken away, he said it wasn't over. He alluded to others, called himself a small cog in a very large machine - that I wouldn't be able to stop. - He was ranting. That doesn't mean he wasn't telling the truth. We need to find out what Hodges knows about this. I want him taken to the FBI for interrogation. He's a sociopath, Mom. He's not going to talk. He's going to want to make some kind of deal in exchange for his cooperation. - Mom, you're not considering that... - Olivia... You know what this man is, what he did to Roger. Just get him to FBI. Mr. Hodges. Your attorney's here to see you. It's about damn time. We're going to need some privacy. You're a little taller than her. But it's a good look for you. Hello, Jonas. I'm not going to ask how you got in. But I'm interested in how you're going to get me out. Jonas, you're in a very difficult position. Your actions today have put everyone else in a difficult position. Oh, I see. I've upset the cart, have I? Everyone's bent out of shape. Where the hell were they when the government came after my company? When Senator Mayer and his subpoena-waving goon squad were trying to ruin me and everything I've built? You would have been protected, Jonas. You and Starkwood. But you jeopardized the plan. That bioweapon that you developed for us was not intended for personal use. The consensus is that you've had some sort of... psychotic break. Well, the consensus is wrong. Coming from you right now, that's not much comfort. I want to talk to them. Get some form of communication between us. I want to talk to them. I think it's a little late for that, Jonas. You've brought undue attention by showing your hand. Exposing yourself. And I'm sure you could understand their concern that you may, in fact, - expose the others as well. - How can I do that? - I don't know who they are. - You know enough, and they need to be certain. I think we can agree that there's no reason for your family to pay for your mistakes. Is that why you're here? To threaten my family. On the contrary. I came to guarantee your family's safety. If you do the right thing. This will induce cardiac arrest, and leave no trace in your system. A natural, dignified death. Without you to prosecute, the case against you and your company will be difficult, likely impossible, preserving at least some small part of Starkwood's legacy of patriotic service. Which I know is very important to you. Party's over, counselor. We're moving him to the Bureau. My client has invoked his right to silence and to counsel. No one speaks to him unless in my presence, is that understood? In some countries they'd have shot him by now. Process him out. - Yes? - I met with him. And? I'm quite certain he understands our terms. They're transferring him to the FBI for interrogation. - Will that be a problem? - Hopefully, it'll just pressure him to resolve the situation sooner rather than later.</i> I'll be happy when this is behind us. Have you heard from Almeida? He called in before I met with Hodges. - Has he secured the canister? - Soon. He's your guy. Better not screw this up. Tony's been the one bright spot in an otherwise dreary day. I have faith he'll come through. I found a place to set up. It's an abandoned apartment building just shy of the north perimeter line. 1297 Rincon, corner of 12th. Yeah, I see it. Sweep teams are just entering 3 sectors to the south. - You've got less than 20 min. - That's not much time. No, it isn't, maybe you should get off the phone and get to it. I lost 2 partners in a row. Early on. I couldn't handle it. I guess that's why over the last 10 years, I've pretty much worked alone. It's all right for you to be feeling what you feel. And if you can't do this tonight, that's all right, too. Just don't try and pretend like you're not feeling anything. - That's how you make a mistake. - Please, Jack, don't tell me what to feel and don't tell me how to feel it. He's over there. - Where is he? - This way. - You okay? - I got lucky. The bullet went straight through. - Didn't think I'd see you out here. - I'm only here for observation. You do not have to do this. Show me. Cover him up. I'm sorry about Larry. How did this happen? It all went down pretty fast, I mean... We were ambushed before we got out of the helicopter. The chopper pilot was hit first. I was unarmed, so Larry laid down cover so I could get clear. I don't remember a lot, but I definitely heard auto-fire. As I was tagged, Larry came over to help me and that's when he was hit. I blacked out after that, but... I'm pretty sure Larry saved my life. Larry was hit with heavy ordnance. Shotgun rounds, armor piercing. You were hit with something smaller. Jacketed. I treated Mr. Almeida. His wound was consistent with a nine millimeter. You sure it wasn't a .45? Not likely, the entry was too small. Why? Because you have spent .45 casings in evidence. Galvez had access to the weapons inside the FBI vehicle he stole. - He probably switched in the fight. - That many weapons? In the time frame that you described the ambush? It doesn't add up. - Okay, so what are you saying? - Someone was with him. Like I said, it all happened pretty fast, but... I didn't think so. I guess it makes sense. One man didn't do this alone. He had help. I'll tell Park to alert the field. You sure you're okay? Yeah, I'm fine. Good. Hello? Did I wake you? Who could sleep after what happened today?</i> How did it go with your father? Sweetheart. What happened? He's dying, Stephen. What? He was exposed to something. Like a biological agent. It had something to do with the attacks that took place earlier today. Kim, honey, I'm so sorry. Isn't there anything that they can do?</i> No. - <i>I'm coming back home.</i> - Don't you want to stay? Don't you wanna be with him as long as you can?</i> My presence, with what he's going through right now, will only make things worse. Did you at least... Did you tell him about his granddaughter? Hi, honey. Kim? I couldn't. I couldn't bring myself to tell him I wasn't the only person he was leaving behind. Telling him about Teri would've only made it worse.</i> I'm gonna try and get on the 6:10. If I do, I'll be back in L.A. by 9:00.</i> You can always leave later, if you change your mind.</i> I won't. I love you both. We love you, too. Bye. Mobile Command, this is Sweep 9. 221 is clear. - Copy, 9. Proceed to 224. - Copy that. Why has that area of the grid not been cleared? Sweep 3, why have you not cleared 219? Mobile Command, we're encountering resistance from neighborhood residents.</i> They're not happy about their homes being searched at 2:30 in the morning.</i> It's about their safety, not their happiness. Whoever is helping Galvez may be providing him shelter. If those civilians are interfering in that sweep, arrest them, but get that area cleared. Do you understand? Copy that. Excuse me. It's an antiseizure medicine. I should've used it earlier. Jack, what are you doing out here? Why don't you go back to FBI medical and let them treat you? There is no treatment. - There's no cure. - Wait. I'm sorry. I didn't know. Why are you in the field? Agent Walker just lost her partner, Tony. I thought I could help. I owe her that much. Agent Stoller to Mobile Command. Code Yellow.</i> Go ahead, this is Mobile Command. Are you reporting a Code Yellow? Affirmative. I have a confirmed visual on the target suspect with the canister. Repeat, confirmed visual of suspect and canister.</i> Agent Park, may I? Agent Stoller, this is Jack Bauer. Is Galvez with someone? - Agent Stoller? - Negative. He's alone.</i> Repeat, he is alone. Copy that. What's his 20? Entering an abandoned apartment building on the south side of Rincon and 12th. I am in pursuit. Maintain a visual, wait for backup. Do not engage until we get there. Copy that. All primary units respond to 12th and Rincon.</i> Suspect sighted entering a building, with canister. - Code Yellow. - Agent Park? I want a secure net around the building, agents at all exits and sharpshooters - covering all the four exposures. - Yes, ma'am. I can't. It's all right, I'll be fine. I'll stay back, I'll watch operations. You be careful out there. I still think Galvez has a partner. You watch your back. Thank you. Alright, let's go. "Hellfire." You served with the 27th in Pakistan. Two tours, sir. Did you, by any chance, encounter any Starkwood units? There was a force protection team attached by my C.O. They fought with you. Yes, sir. Side by side. Soldier... How would you rate their professionalism? Their performance under fire. They were good men, sir. Well trained. Thank you, son. Just made my day. Let's go. Our orders are to deliver the prisoner to the rear entrance at FBI. The White House wants to keep this low-key. Sarge! This is Sergeant Cadden. Prisoner's in severe cardiac and respiratory distress. We are rerouting to West Arlington Hospital. Need emergency medical team standing by. Go, go! - Assemble the teams. - Got it. Agent Stoller, this is Agent Walker, do you copy? - I copy you, Agent Walker. - What is your position? East stairwell between the first and second floor. Suspect with canister has moved to the top floor. Any indication that he's not alone? Negative. Not at this time. Stand by. We're coming to you. Agent Stoller puts the suspect somewhere on the 2nd floor. There's no guarantee that he is the only hostile in the building. Therefore, we stick to SOP, clearing room by room. Agent Park and I will lead 2 teams, East and West. Check your weapons and headsets. We move in 60 seconds. You heard her, you guys are with me... - Mobile Command, this is Walker. - Go ahead, Agent Walker. We enter the building. Have HazMat teams on alert, if the canister gets breached.</i> - How you holding up? - Better, thanks. Excuse me. - This is Bauer. - <i>Mr. Bauer, this is Agent Mizelli.</i> Sorry, but I need to follow up on something from our debrief. This isn't a good time. Some new information has come to light, and I need </i> - <i>to clear up a discrepancy.</i> - What discrepancy? You told me Tony Almeida's source on the White House attack</i> was a man identified to you as Vincent Cardiff?</i> That's right. Is there a possibility you misrembered the name? - No, I don't think so. - Are you sure? You yourself have voiced some concern about your own acuity.</i> Hold on. What is this here? I'm gonna have to get back to you. Locator codes for all units' radio transponders. Are they in real time? Can you do a map overlay? - It'll take a minute. - Get it done. What's going on? I'm not sure yet. It's Stoller's transponder. He's not in the building. Agent Walker, get your men out of the building. - It's a trap. - What? Stoller's not even in there. Get your men out now. Code Blue. Repeat: Code Blue. Agent Walker, Agent Park! Get us a vehicle now! All perimeter teams, this is Park. Agents are down. Report to 12th and Rincon. - We need assistance. - Negative, disregard that order. Maintain your positions. - What the hell are you doing? - They try to pull you off the line. You leave a hole in that perimeter, we are going to lose the canister. Tell your men to stand fast. Medivac is on its way. Get them in the air now! Jack, I'm going in. - How many men are unaccounted for? - Still assessing. We were at least 30 when the building went up. - And Agent Walker? - I don't know. Renee, this is Jack. Do you copy? Renee, this is Jack. Do you copy? - You got the canister? - Yeah. Let me see. Hurry up, we need to get moving. - Are you okay? - Yeah, but he's not breathing. We need a medic! They've got him. I want to get you out of here. Let's go now. - How'd you know it was a trap? - Stoller's transponder was outside. They were trying to thin our ranks, create a diversion. - Was the cordon breached? I told them to maintain their positions. The perimeter's secure. It's almost like they knew. They'd have need time to wire here with explosives. This was the last sector we were due to search. - They knew your sweep patterns? - They must have. - Oh, my God. - Jack, what is it? I'll meet you back at your vehicle. - You want me to take him? - No, I got him. They need your help inside. This is Bauer. You said you wanted to talk to me about Tony's suspect Vincent Cardiff. Yes, thanks for getting back to me. Listen, you told me that he expired, during the course of Almeida's interrogation? That's what Tony told me. - Well, it can't be him. - What are you talking about? Vincent Cardiff was picked up over an hour ago by Customs, - trying to cross the border to Canada. - Are you sure? I'm positive, I've got his arrest report right here. Cardiff's alive. Were there any signs from his interrogation? - Physical violence, abuse, anything? - Nothing's indicated on the report. That's why I was asking if maybe you had mistaken the name Almeida gave you. - I've got him. - Thanks. - We need to talk. - Sure. What's going on? I told you earlier today, if you were lying to me I'd kill you myself. - What the hell are you talking about? - Cardiff. Vincent Cardiff, - you said he was killed? - Yeah, so? He's alive and well, in custody, and he's showing no signs of physical abuse. Explain that. All right, look, Jack, I'm sorry. Cardiff knew by spilling that intel, he was going to get himself killed so I cut a deal with him. I told him I'd let the FBI think he was dead, so he could walk away and disappear. I thought it was just a meaningless lie. We've been doing this long enough to know that there is no such thing as a meaningless lie. - How are you involved in this? - You're not making any sense. That intel was good. Without it you'd have never save the president. What is your involvement? You're not thinking straight. How were you shot? Does Galvez even have a second man, or was it just you? Just stop and listen to what you say. It's insane. It's paranoia. - Now, why don't you put the gun down? - Don't you move! The toxin is starting to affect your judgment. That's what's happening. You can see that, right? Is this what you're looking for? I never wanted to hurt you, Jack. I told you to stay out of it. But you wouldn't listen, would you? Can we get some help here? This man's having a seizure. Stand back, please. Go get my bag and call Dr. Mason, stat. I don't see anything.