- <i>Good.</i> I need to prep my men, so why don't you tell me what we need. I'll give you the specs when I get there. I'll engage him. Cover my flank. I can handle it. I don't understand. Almeida was orchestrating these attacks. If he doesn't have the CIP device, who does? Almeida's working for Juma. This is Colonel Ike Dubaku. We demand an immediate withdrawal of the U.S. Naval Strike Force by this time tomorrow... The American troops are still in position near our country. President Taylor just received your demands. Then perhaps it is time for a more forceful demonstration. I know about Samantha Roth. She's hiding something about - my son's murder. - He wasn't murdered. - I wasn't completely honest with you. - What do you mean? Roger didn't commit suicide, Mr. Taylor.</i> He was murdered. Tony is not a terrorist. He's working with me. We're working outside the government. That's why we have to get Tony back undercover. You're not going to make it out of here. I said shut up. Get down! We got to get you out of here and back undercover. Go! Tony, let's go! Security saw Bauer and Almeida getting into a dark-colored panel van. - What direction were they heading? - West. - What's happening with D.O.T. cameras? - Traffic images aren't loading. - What do you mean? - Just what I said. The server's not responding. The hacker must be jamming the transmission. - How can they do that? - If I knew, I could get around it. Check ancillary security cams, ATMs, parking garages... there has to be something. Keep canvassing the area. Someone may have seen the vehicle. That... Fine. Let me know. No luck on municipal cameras. - They've someone running interference. - Damn it. Bauer must have worked out this escape with Almeida's people. I'm so sorry, Larry. He played me. Had me believing the Bureau was compromised... someone on the inside working against us. I realize it was him. Don't put this on yourself. - He played us both. - I should have seen it. Fine, take it downstairs. He's facing an indictment... years in prison. Almeida must have offered him a way out. - The White House is on line one. - I'll take it in the conference room. I'm going to make this right, Larry. Whatever it takes, I will find Bauer and Almeida. Throw in a CIP device, and maybe we'll be off the hook. What's the status of the shooter? He hasn't regained consciousness yet. But a print match is just coming up now. His name is Alan Tanner. He was former Special Forces, discharged after Desert Storm. - Discharged why? - Medical reasons. He made claims to having Gulf War Syndrome. Tried to sue the government, case was dismissed. I want to be informed the minute he's awake. I'm connecting you now. Agent Moss, this is Ethan Kanin. I'm here with the president. What are you doing about the situation? We put out an all-agency alert. We understand apprehending Almeida is our top priority. How did he escape? He had the help of a former CTU agent that we mistakenly trusted. A man by the name of Jack Bauer. I thought he's in the middle of a Senate Investigative Hearing. That is correct. We issued a subpoena, excusing him from the hearings in order to enlist his help in apprehending Almeida. Now you're saying that these two men are allied? - It would appear so. - My God... You and your people have royally screwed up, Agent Moss! Without Almeida, we have no way of finding Dubaku and no chance of recovering the CIP device. Let's stay on point. Agent Moss, are you working any other leads? Yes, Madame President. A confederate of Almeida's who was wounded today. He's out of surgery. We're waiting for him to regain consciousness. Do we have a time frame on when that might happen? No, madam. Not really. Let me be clear, Agent Moss: Recapturing Almeida and Bauer isn't just your top priority, - it's your only priority. - Yes, madam. Keep us posted, Agent. Bottom line: the Bureau is not going to be the answer to our prayers here. I'm afraid not. - How much time does that leave us? - Less than two hours. Dubaku's demand is that our forces retreat behind the 23rd meridian within 24 hours. Now, in order to meet that timetable, the fleet and Carrier Air Wing must start withdrawing by 1:00 at the latest. Which would effectively end our mission in Africa and condemn another 100,000 Sangalans to a certain and brutal death. On the other hand, if you authorize the invasion, Dubaku will undoubtedly engage the CIP device. How far has the FAA gotten with grounding aircraft? Still over a thousand planes in the air across the country waiting to land. Dubaku could bring down any one of them at any moment. Or... use the device for something far worse. I ran for office on the principle of non-negotiation with terrorists. How can I abandon that now, the very first time I'm tested? And, if I do so, won't I be telling Dubaku, and the rest of the world, that blackmailing America works? Madame President, those are questions for the future. We have a decision to make now. What do you call this place? We like to think of it as CTU. What's left of it, anyway. It's good to see you. - It's good to see you, too. - I'm glad you're with us. I'm not with anyone until someone starts answering some questions. Might as well start with you. Why the hell are you not dead? I was dead. For almost ten minutes. Or so I was told. By who? By him. His name's David Emerson. I don't know who he paid off at CTU, but his people Injected my body with a hypothermic compound, and was able to revive me. - Who's he and what does he want? - Independent contractor. Enlists ex-military and intelligence operatives, jobs them out to clients. Apparently, I fit the profile. What profile? Former employees with grievances against the federal government. Emerson had been keeping tabs on me ever since I left CTU. After Michelle was killed... he figured I'd make a good recruit. And everyone else thinking you're dead, so much the better. And since then, you've been working undercover to expose his operation? What? I was really working for him. I was angry. I hated the government for what it took from me. I ran Emerson's crew for more than three years. And I did some pretty bad things. What made you turn against him? The CIP device. Emerson had my crew stealing components to breach the firewall. I knew what that meant. Innocent Americans would die. And I didn't signed up for that. - Why didn't you call the authorities? - He couldn't. Why not? He found out Emerson's client was Dubaku. That's who has agents inside the government. The Juma regime controls Sangala's vast diamond wealth. Dubaku hasn't been shy about throwing it around. - How widespread is the corruption? - Pervasive. That's why Tony came to me. He didn't know how far or high up this thing went. Dubaku is the key to this thing. If we're going to uncover the conspiracy, we have to get to him before he leaves the U.S. That's why I have to get back under as soon as possible. There's a new job for me and my crew. I don't have the details, but I know that it'll get me to Dubaku. The challenge is going to be reinstalling Tony with Emerson. We have to assume Emerson knew Tony was in FBI custody and managed to escape. He's going to think Tony made a deal with the U.S. attorney. That's right. I can help you with this. Yes, you can. Outside of the three of you, who else is in this operation? It's just us. This is it. Please, tell me that you've got some proof that this conspiracy exists. Yes, we do. But only at the lowest level. We've just begun to scratch the surface. I'll work with you. But only because, right now, you are the only people that I trust. You give me one reason to question that, and I swear I will turn you in. You understand? Chloe, set up the call with Emerson. I found 2 freelancers. - Ex-Rangers. - You trust them? I've worked with them before. Litvak knows them, too. They may want to know more about the job. Only thing they need to know is what it pays. All right. It's me. Where are you? I'm at a parking garage, getting a car. I got away from the FBI. Yeah, I heard. I also heard it was Jack Bauer who broke you out. - That's right. - That doesn't make any sense. Bauer's working for them. He helped capture you. He didn't have a choice. He's on board now. - What do you mean "on board"? - You heard about the Senate Hearings? They're going to file criminal charges against him. I told him that if he helped us out, you could get him out of the country. If it weren't for Jack, I'd still be in custody. We can use him, I'm telling you. I don't know, Tony. Morgan's hiring new men now. Morgan's a thug. He can't run point on something this important. Let me do it like we planned. Bauer can take Tanner's place and we're good to go. All right, bring Bauer. We're at 2211 Chesterfield. - <i>Right off Nolan.</i> - Got it. He buy it? We'll see. Mr. Taylor, you were looking for me. Yes, I have to go out - and I need some transportation. - Certainly. Where will we be going? I'll direct you on the way. I need a destination for the manifest, sir. As before, I'd like you to keep this off the manifest. And no driver this time, just you and me. I thought we were through with all the subterfuge. Please just do as I ask. I'm sorry, sir, not without an explanation. It's Samantha Roth. She says she has new information regarding my son's death. I thought I was done with this, too. I didn't initiate this. She called me. I know you felt obligated to report my... my prior activities, and rightly so, but I would like to think that I can count on your loyalty when I ask for it. I could lose my job, sir. This will be the last time. I promise. Please. I'll call you when I secure a vehicle. Thank you. - Who was that? - Staff, nothing. - Here, can you help me with this? - Sure. It was a gift from my father. You remember? On the day I won back his seat in the Senate. Prime Minister Matobo has asked to see me. He's going to want to know why I haven't authorized the invasion yet. What're you going to tell him? I don't know. The American people elected you because they trust your judgment, and they're going to trust you to make the right call on this, too. I don't know what the right call is. The right call... is whatever you decide it is. - How many units in the field? - 17, all available agents are deployed. Widen the grid... we have to assume they've gotten outside our perimeter. On it. - Sean Hillinger. - <i>Sean, its me.</i> - <i>Where are you?</i> - I'm calling from the plane. You haven't landed yet? No, the pilot says we're in a holding pattern... but we keep circling and circling, and I can see other planes out the window, too... eight or nine, at least. Christina, sweetheart, relax. But the woman sitting next to me says she heard something about a near miss and a problem with the air traffic control system. Do you know anything about this? Yeah, it's true. The FAA has grounded some planes, but it's only a precaution. - Really? - Yeah, it was an isolated incident. You're going to be fine. I just... I got worried there for a minute. - You know how I am. - I do. Now, listen, I want you to call me as soon as you land. I will. I love you. I love you, too. Was that your wife? Janis told me her plane's still in the air. You okay? Okay, there's a maniac out there with the capability of bringing down planes at will, so, no, Erika, I'm not okay. Her flight is number 18 in the queue, so it'll be another two hours, at least, before hers gets clearance. I'm sorry. Is there anything I can do? There's nothing anybody can do, that's the problem. She's right here. I'll let her know. Thank you. I got off the phone with the hospital. - Tanner's regained consciousness. - Can he talk? He asked the doctor to make a phone call for him. - Who did he call? - Gage Whitney Pace, a law firm, I think. The second largest in DC. Go grab your laptop. You're coming with me. I am? Why? 'Cause we must get to him before his lawyers and if I can get Almeida's location, I want you on-site to vet the intelligence to our field teams. Tell me about Emerson. He's British, former SAS. Urban warfare, sniping, close-quarter combat. Saw action in Beirut and Mogadishu. - So he's good. - Extremely. But he's not some wack job or ideologue. He's about two things... money and personal loyalty. Sounds like you still admire him. Listen, he treated me like a brother when I thought I had nobody else. Is this going to be a problem? I know he's on the wrong side of this. I'll do what has to be done. We're here. - Where's Emerson? - Inside. Come in. Good to see you. Take Mr. Bauer downstairs. I need to talk to Tony. What's going on? Bringing in Bauer is not worth the risk. What're you talking about? Have a seat. Mr. Emerson will be right with you. I'd still be in FBI custody if it wasn't for him. - You already made your case. - We can use him. I considered it... but I'm going a different way. I owe him, David. - You understand that? - Yeah, and I appreciate your loyalty.</i> I always have, but this is business, Tony.</i> You can't have a... an unknown factor like Jack Bauer coming in and messing things up. So, what, you're going to kill him? No, you are. They're going to kill him. - He'll get out of it. - What if he can't? Then Jack's death solidifies Tony's position in the crew. Tony was in FBI custody. If he'd gone back in there by himself, the suspicion would have rested on him alone. So by deflecting it onto Jack... We keep Tony's cover viable. You knew this might happen the whole time. So did Jack. Put your weapon down! Put your weapon down or I will kill him! I came here to do a job, not be double-crossed by you. You're already shorthanded. You need good men, not like these traffic cops. Look what I've done to them. I am here because I've got nowhere else to go. Tony said if I helped you, you get me out of the country. If you don't believe me, pull the trigger. What, are you crazy? Kill him! Kill him or I'm out of here. Fine. Keep it. Right, I need Flight 112 reassigned for immediate landing. So you're requesting a priority landing for Flight 112 - <i>out of Las Vegas?</i> - This is not a request. I'm forwarding an urgent protocol from the White House. And your name was... Larry Moss, Special Agent in Charge. - This is a matter of national security. - <i>Agent Moss,</i> may I have your level five access number? 6 2 2 3 5 1 0. Thank you, sir. Flight 112 is moved to the head of the queue</i> - <i>and should be on the ground shortly.</i> - Thank you. President Taylor, this is Colonel Ike Dubaku. As you have no doubt confirmed, the near-collision at JFK International was no accident.</i> We have the CIP device. We have the capability to kill tens of thousands of Americans and we are prepared to do so. I wanted you to hear it for yourself, Prime Minister, so that you would understand my dilemma. I see. You are recalling the invasion force. Well, that determination has yet to be made. And this device over which Dubaku has control, it poses a significant risk to your people? It's a technology that has the potential for mass civilian casualties. And it puts the infrastructure of my country in grave jeopardy. - What of Sangala? - Believe me, no one is more aware of what's at stake than I. So you've been informed of the situation in Kasanga Province? Juma's troops are advancing on a refugee camp. Over 2,000 lives are threatened. Mostly women and children. There is also the matter of those soldiers who have, on the promise of American support, and joined my fighters on the ground. At least... provide us the weapons we need in order to defend ourselves. You've been patient with us before, Mr. Matobo. I can only ask that you be patient again. Now, if you'll excuse me. Madame President, I implore you, do not abandon my country. Mr. Matobo, I will do everything that I can. I count on you. Thank you. You didn't think that I would want to know about the refugees in Kasanga? Madame President, you have enough to think about without being burdened with details. Especially details that might push me toward proceeding with the invasion. Madam, you have to start focusing on alternatives to the invasion. Give me a good alternative and I'll consider it. I'm not saying it's a good alternative, but it's the only one. Comply with Dubaku's demands. Stand down the task force. That's your recommendation? - Back down? - It is. Damn it, Ethan, you heard Matobo. He's has fighters on the ground counting on us. Do you want me to be responsible for another Bay of Pigs? Kennedy survived the Bay of Pigs, and you'll survive this. A superpower has to act first and foremost in its own best interests. - Always? - Always. No apologies. What about allowing a third party to dictate its foreign policy does a superpower do that? Yes, if there's no other option. And right now, there's not. What have we heard about the search for Almeida and Bauer? Nothing, madam. Check with them anyway. No hard feelings, Jack? Forget it. Have to be careful in our profession. I'm sure you understand. - Yeah. - We all know the drill. Disagreements are fine, but when a decision's made, fall in or you're gone. I've heard a lot of guys say that. Good to know you mean it. Before you were subpoenaed, you traveled the world more than a year. Why? What were you looking for? It doesn't really matter. Whatever it was, I didn't find it. You must have known what was waiting. Why'd you come back? Wanted to know what it was like to walk into a propeller. That's funny. But no, really. Why? This is my home. That doesn't explain why you turned yourself in to the Justice Department. Tony said you were in Beirut and Mogadishu. And Afghanistan. Two tours. Went back a third time as a private contractor. Be polite, professional, and have a plan to kill everyone you meet, right? Pretty much. That's the question, isn't it? Where do the rules of engagement end and the crimes begin? You want to know why I came back? That's why. I'm not sure I follow. I just got tired of talking to myself. You see, I believe everything I did was right. So I wanted to start a dialogue. Come clean, set the record straight. - First mistake. - So I found out. No one who hasn't been to the edge and looked over can ever understand. It's good to have you on board. Yeah? What was that about? He's trying to get a handle on me. Watch yourself around him. And do not underestimate him. I won't. All right, listen up. - I just got the call. We're a go. - A go for what? We don't even know what the job is. Picking up a package, delivering it to our client. Here's the location. A residence - at 167 Foxhall Road. - It belongs to the State Department. Memorize the layout. We don't know the exact spot of the pickup yet, but probably the master suite. - The package is a person. - Yeah, it is. Former Prime Minister Matobo of Sangala. The assignment is to grab him and deliver him to Dubaku. He wants to ask him some questions, and as you can imagine, the colonel can be quite persuasive. Now, Matobo has tight security, so finish arming up, be prepared to engage.</i> We roll in two minutes. They're going to kidnap Matobo. We've to alert somebody and stop this. No, we do nothing. You heard them, they're going to torture him and kill him. Unfortunately, yes. Matobo single-handedly led the fight against genocide in his country. - He doesn't deserve this. - I understand that. But if we don't go along with the grab, Jack and Tony will not find Dubaku, and we won't get to the bottom of this conspiracy. Agreed? Agreed. I don't want you to wait for me. Just drive away. I'll call when I need you. - You know I can't do that. - We're already off the manifest, Brian. She won't talk to me unless I'm alone. All right, I'll take up a position on the bridge. She'll never know I'm there. All right. - Mr. Taylor. - Sam. I can't stay long. What you told me on the phone, is it true? Yes, they killed Roger and made it look like a suicide. - Who? Who did this? - The same people who provided false documents to the SEC to show he'd been trading on inside information. - Who are they? - I don't know. They said that they'd kill me if I said anything. Easy, Sam. Easy. - I loved him. - I know you did, Sam. But, I really need to know what happened. Roger was tasked with auditing the brokers in his department. - That's how it started. - When was this? January. Early January. The compliance officer at his firm asked him to flag any undisclosed ownership in securities positions. - I don't understand. - Basically, kickbacks. But what he found was something else. Two of his portfolio managers had taken on a new client. The Bahamas branch of Switzerland's oldest bank: - Bank Lausanne International. - What was wrong with that? Bank Lausanne's records revealed that it was actively trading with firms doing business in Sangala. - Sangala? - It jumped out at Roger, too, for obvious reasons, and digging deeper, he uncovered other blind accounts that were copying the bank's trades. Which accounts? Accounts that were traced to a senior member of your wife's administration. Who? I don't know. But whoever it was had a vested interest in the proposed military action. Somebody who was betting against her, who didn't think she'd be able to pull it off politically? Betting heavily in 10,000-share blocks. Roger was a day or two away from presenting her with the evidence. It's all here. Account numbers, trading records, everything that he knew. I'm sorry that I can't help you out more. - Samantha... - I've given you all I can. Do what you have to do, but leave me out of it. Please? Thank you. Is Tanner in there? His condition is still listed as critical. - Are his lawyers here yet? - No. But they will be any minute. Get down to the lobby and keep an eye out for them. Call me when they enter the hospital. Got it. Hello, Mr. Tanner. I'm Agent Walker. This is Agent Gold. We're with the FBI. I think you remember me. I know you're in pain, so I'll make this brief. Tell me where Tony Almeida is. Does Almeida have another base of operations? Is that where the CIP device is? - My lawyers... - Cannot help you, Mr. Tanner. You're going to spend the rest of your life in prison if you don't cooperate. But if you do, I give you my word, I will personally vouch for you. Helping me find the device can go a long way to reducing your sentence. Is something funny? - They'd never let that happen. - Who is they? Colonel Dubaku? Is that who Almeida takes his orders from? Do you work for him too? Go away. Open your eyes, Mr. Tanner. I said open your eyes. Look at me! Is Dubaku here in this country? Does he have the device? Please. Renee... What are you doing? - Tanner's lawyers just arrived. - <i>All right, thanks.</i> His legal team is here. I need you to stall them. How am I supposed to do that? Make something up. Just keep them out of here as long as you can. - I'm not comfortable with this. - With what? We're breaking about 50 federal guidelines - just by being here. - Listen to me. - This man is our only lead. - That man asked for legal counsel. I heard him. Thousands of lives are at stake here. We either bend the rules a little bit or we lose this chance forever. I'm sorry. I just... I can't. Tony Almeida and Jack Bauer escaped custody on my watch. I have to make this right. You either help me or you don't. Excuse me, gentlemen. You're out of time, Mr. Tanner. Tell me what you know. You can do what you want to me. I'm not going to tell you a damn thing. Who do you work for? You can't do this... Where is Almeida? How do I find the CIP device? Tell me now. My lawyers... You can't do this. You're FBI. This is illegal. I have rights. I suggest you use your last breath wisely. Go to hell. I assure you, I'm taking this very seriously. - Then tell us where our client is. - He was moved for security reasons. Into the annex? Then why isn't he there? If I can just get on the phone, I'll call my office. - We'll get to the bottom of this... - We've had enough of your help. - I'm genuinely confused too. - Excuse me. We're trying to find our client, Mr. Alan Tanner. Just a minute. I've got a ventilator malfunction. Damn it! He's coding! Get a team and a crash cart over here, STAT! Room 421, Tanner. It's blocked or something. - We have to get in there! - I'm trying to! It won't push. Open this door! This is an emergency! - I can't get the door open. - Is somebody in there with him? - He's all yours, Counselor. - Wait a minute. We need to talk to you! You don't want to know, Janis. Don't ask. Have agent Alves drive you back to the office. - Hillinger. - Let me speak to Larry. Sir, I've got Walker on the line. - Did you get anything? - I have a lead on Almeida. There's a plot in place against the former prime minister Sangala. Tanner says Almeida's crew has a plan to abduct him. - When? - Pretty much now. If Almeida's still a part of this and we can get there before him, - we can set a trap. - All right. I'll alert the prime minister's security detail and scramble a Tac Team. Matobo's housed in a State Department residence: - 167 Foxhall Road. - I'm on my way. - Do not go in alone. Wait for backup. - Right. - <i>Is this Major Etolo?</i> - It is. This is Agent Larry Moss, FBI. This is not a drill. Code: alpha alpha delta. Lock the prime minister down. - <i>I repeat, lock him down.</i> - Yes, sir. We're clear. Go. - Where's Matobo?! - I don't know... Where is he? I got him! Drop the weapon! Now! Put the gun down! On your knees! Where is Matobo? You will not be able to get to him now. What is happening, Ule? Who is doing this to us? Stay calm. It's going to be all right. It's dead. - What you got? - It's a safe room, reinforced concrete. Why the hell didn't we know about this? You have 3 s to open the door. - One... - I can't. - Two... - It can't be unlocked from the outside. It can only be opened from the inside.