investigating the Jonas Hodges car bombing.</i> I changed my mind. I didn't transfer the funds. Why would he go ahead and kill Hodges if he wasn't paid? Because it's what you wanted, am I right? Jack, I unlocked Tony's location data. Okay, we've got him. Where's the canister? I am not gonna stop until you tell me where it is. - Jack. - It's all right. - Give yourself a shot. - I did 20 minutes ago. It's not working. You heading home? Us, too. - This is Bauer. - I'm sending a link to your phone. Something I think you should see. Your daughter's in the company of our operatives.</i> Put this call on your earpiece, keep the line open.</i> I'm gonna be listening to everything you say.</i> You will help Tony Almeida escape or my people will murder your daughter.</i> Okay. Thank you. The Deputy Attorney General is ready for you, ma'am. TelePresence call is initiated. Network is secure. Go ahead. Good morning. Thank you for giving up your time for this investigation.</i> Of course. Mrs. Rollins and Mr. Hock are from the Justice Department.</i> They'll be conducting your interview.</i> Let the record show that this is to be the testimony</i> of Olivia Taylor, acting White House chief of staff</i> regarding the homicide of federal witness Jonas Hodges.</i> Let it also show that I'm present to ensure that strict protocols be followed for Ms. Taylor's protection.</i> Why would I need protecting? A poor choice of words. I merely meant that</i> your questioning is just a formality.</i> We have to go through everyone who had knowledge of Hodges' whereabouts</i> - up until the time of the car bombing. - I see. Mrs. Rollins, you have the floor. Let's begin. I wanted Olivia in this briefing. Where is she? I'm sorry, she's tied up with the Deputy A.G. and investigators looking into the Hodges murder. Have they made any progress on who leaked Hodges' location? Not yet. But they agree that the list of people who knew Hodges was alive and at FBI is short. The leak had to come from inside. Good morning, everyone. - Morning, Madam President. - Madam President. Please take your seats. I realize that we are all in dire need of sleep. But I felt that it was vital to bring you all up to speed on the events of the past few hours and a greater crisis we face on the horizon. Less than 30 minutes ago, the FBI managed to recover the last canister of the bioweapon. But I'm afraid that the danger is far from over. Before his death, Jonas Hodges told us that there were other parties involved in the creation of this bioweapon, a highly secret and extremely powerful group of private military firms collaborating to undermine the government of this country. Excuse me, Madam President. But which military firms are we talking about? We don't know, Admiral. Hodges gave us no names or idea of which companies are involved. But whoever they are, they represent a very real and ongoing threat. Now, we don't have much actionable intelligence at this point. However, the FBI has apprehended former CTU operative Tony Almeida. He is a key figure in this plot, and someone we hope will be able to help us uncover who these people are. Agent Walker, this is Air Support Bravo Three. We're in position. Your convoy is in sight. Roger that. Metro will control traffic and set up a secure corridor through the downtown area. We'll be bringing Almeida into headquarters through the west entrance. It's almost time, Mr. Bauer. The convoy you're traveling with is about to get off on the I-70.</i> Break off before you reach the downtown exit or you'll lose your chance to facilitate an escape for Tony. For your daughter's sake, you don't want that to happen. Now listen carefully. You'll need to commandeer the van and peel onto the Taft Street exit in about four miles. I'll direct you further once you've managed this. Remember, my operatives are with your daughter. In fact, I'm looking at her right now. So don't try to be a hero. Something wrong? It just starts to look like the flight is gonna be full, and I'm on standby. No, you're gonna get on. There have to be some people too spooked to fly after those planes went down. - Did you have to bring that up? - I'm just saying. Look, I think it makes us safer. They're gonna take extra precautions. Excuse me. Are those yours? Yeah, that's right. Would you mind, so my mother could sit down, please? - Sure. - Thanks. - You're bleeding. - What? - You have a scratch on your neck. - Honey. That must have happened when the door hit you getting out of the cab. Well, I'll just go to the newsstand and see if they have some Band-Aids. - What is it? - I'm getting worried. It's only a matter of time before that FBI agent's body is discovered. And I think Bauer's daughter is getting suspicious. Look, I gave Bauer a short window to deliver Tony to me. Won't be long. Just stand by until you hear from me. What if Kim Bauer makes us before then? You can't allow yourselves to be taken. Do what you have to do. Agent Walker, let me see your comm unit. I want to adjust this frequency. It's interrupting mine. Thanks. Don't move. Don't move! Just keep driving and no one gets hurt. Both of you, I want you to slowly draw your weapons, put them on the floor and slide them to me. Do it! Don't make this any harder than it already is. Give me your weapon or I will kill him. Come on, Jack, you're not gonna kill anyone. Give me your weapon! Now! Driver, I want you to handcuff yourself to the steering wheel, over and under. Do it now. Exit the freeway when I tell you. Until then, maintain speed. Now! Agent Walker, what's happening? Agent Walker? Comm, the prisoner transport has split from the convoy.</i> Renee, it's Janis, do you read me? Are you reading me? Agent Walker, what's your 20? Agent Walker, please respond. - Jack, why? - They've got my daughter. That's not possible. I deployed Franks to watch over her, like you asked. He's dead. The people working with Tony have operatives with Kim right now. They'll kill her if I don't break him out. - That's enough! - Son of a bitch. We're on Taft. What now? You'll see the Connecticut Avenue Tunnel, take the north lane. Continue down this street. Go towards the tunnel, north. Aerial Bravo three, you still have a visual? Affirmative. The follow vehicles in the convoy are getting off at the next exit, and will be doubling back.</i> We've got prisoner transport on sat. They're heading west on Hudson. Wait. They're pulling into the Connecticut Avenue Tunnel. I'm losing visual. Repeat, I am losing visual. Pull up the transponder locators. Okay, we're in the tunnel. You'll see me parked in the emergency lane about a quarter mile in.</i> I want you to pull behind that SUV. Jack, please. I understand your reasons, but you can't do this. No, what I can't do is risk Kim's life. Uncuff Tony. Give me the keys. Cuff her. I'll take him. They have a camera on Kim. I don't trust Tony to let her go. Please, I'm begging you, do whatever you have to to save her, please. The gun. Cuff yourself. Come on. What are you bringing Bauer for? Tony, I've done everything you've asked. Just let Kim go. - Let her go! - Get in the car. So what are you doing, Tony? We don't need a hostage, specially not him. - Shoot him and let's get out of here. - You're not seeing the big picture. Your people will be able to launch the biological attacks, - just as they originally planned. - How? We lost the canister. We don't have the pathogen anymore. We have Jack. The pathogen's in his blood, it's in his organs. We'll be able to harvest everything we need from his body. Why do you think I had you put those operatives on Kim Bauer? Your people are still going to need proof that Jack's viable. Have one of your biochemists meet us at the complex. Let's begin with the document on the left-hand side of your packet. Take a moment to look that over. Thank you again for coming. You can thank me, Agent Pierce, by telling me what this is all about. All right, sir, but we don't have much time. You implied it had something to do with Olivia Taylor. Yes, sir. A few hours ago, Jonas Hodges was killed outside FBI headquarters. My God. Now, authorities believe he was murdered to keep him from implicating others who were involved in the bioweapon attacks, but I suspect there may be another scenario. And I have reason to believe that Ms. Taylor might be involved. That is an outrageous accusation, Agent Pierce. Olivia is capable of many things, but I can't believe committing murder is one of them. Please, just hear me out. After the President agreed to a witness protection deal for Hodges, Ms. Taylor made a comment to me about wanting to see Hodges dead. He was responsible for her brother's death. She was venting. I thought so, too. Until she met in her office with an old colleague of hers, a man named Martin Collier. - I know Collier. - Then you know the sort of man he is. I do. But none of this constitutes proof of complicity. No, sir. That's why I need you to access the digital recording system. To see if their conversation was recorded. Agent, you're asking me to break into an office that's no longer mine. And access classified recordings of the acting chief of staff. Mr. Kanin, if my suspicions prove correct, you of all people understand how grave these consequences would be. Sir, Ms. Taylor's behavior over the past several hours has been erratic at best. She's with the Justice investigators now. We don't have much time. Sir, I need you to decide if you're going to help me. If you could just again review the records on the screen below, Ms. Taylor. I want to confirm</i> that during the timeline in question, you had no outside contact</i> other than what's reflected in the phone and internet logs you uploaded to us.</i> For the third time, that's correct. We're just trying to be thorough. I think we've taken up enough of your valuable time, Ms. Taylor. - Thank you for indulging us. - You're welcome. Good luck with the rest of the investigation. Sir. She's on her way. Ms. Taylor. I tried to get word to you, but was told you were not to be disturbed. Word to me about what? - Let me explain. - Morning, Olivia. What are you doing here? I'd forgotten some files when I cleared out my office, so... Secret Service was kind enough to admit me so I could retrieve them. May I see them? Nothing terribly important. But I like to fully archive my memos for... posterity, you understand. So you have what you came for. - I think so. - Well, then if you'll excuse me. Of course. Agent Pierce, stay a moment, please. - What was he doing here? - Ma'am? Kanin. Did you observe him while he was in my office? Is something wrong, ma'am? Yes, something is wrong! No one, and I mean no one, is to be allowed in my office without... Could I get someone on staff to help you with that? - Ms. Taylor... - Security, this is Olivia Taylor. Ethan Kanin is on his way out of the White House, I want him taken into custody. Detain him until I arrive. Ma'am, what's happened? He stole my property, Aaron. Mr. Kanin. - Yes? - We have orders to detain you, sir. - Orders from whom? - From the acting chief of staff, sir. Please come with us. Command, this is Walker. Janice, do you read me? - I'm here. Are you all right? - Yes. What is happening? Jack commandeered the transport. He was forced into helping Tony escape. Renee, it's Chloe. What do you mean forced? The group Almeida's working for threatened to kill Kim if he didn't cooperate. - They have Kim? - According to Jack, they have operatives with her now but I don't think she's aware of that. Do you want me to contact airport PD? We can't move on them until we know who they are. Chloe, I need you to patch me in directly to Kim's departure gate. - She's at Gate 7. - I'm on it. I'll let the White House know what's happened. Okay, I'll call you back. I have a priority one emergency call from FBI. Please connect me with an agent at Gate 7. Attention, passengers for Flight 147, nonstop to Los Angeles.</i> Maintenance crews have finished preparing the aircraft,</i> and we should be ready to begin boarding in approximately ten minutes.</i> Thank you again for your patience. The following standby ticket holders please report to the ticket agent counter: Marissa Boily, Kim Bauer, Robert Leighton.</i> - Looks like I got on the flight. - Told you you would. - I'll take you over here. - Okay. A phone call for you. This is Renee Walker. Listen carefully. Try not to react and do not look around. You're in danger. You're being watched by operatives sent by Tony Almeida. Tony? I don't understand. He's involved in the attacks. We had him in custody, but he used you as leverage to force your father to break him out. I don't believe he would do something like that. He's on the run. He's taken your father hostage. You've got to trust me on this. I'm on my way to you now, but we have to ID the people who are watching you. They're our only lead to finding your father and Tony. There was a man staring at me earlier, but I haven't seen him in a while. - Describe him. - He was Hispanic, medium build, he had short brown hair, he was wearing a suit. That was Agent Franks. Your father had me deploy him to be sure you got on the plane safely. He was killed by the people following you. Listen,</i> whoever these operatives are, they're in close proximity to you. They sent your father a live feed to prove they had you in their sights.</i> Have you noticed anyone with a camera or cell phone? - Or a laptop. - What? There's a couple I've been talking to, they're sitting next to me. The man has an open laptop right in front of me. - Can you give me a description? - He's got long hair. He's tall... - Well I appreciate that. Thank you. - Kim, what's wrong? Please let baggage claim know that I'll be more careful next time. - Chloe, do you read me? - I'm here. The operatives may be moving on Kim. Alert airport police,</i> have them lock down the terminal. Tell security to maintain patrols. Do nothing to arouse suspicion. Okay, bye. We saw you on the phone. We thought there might be a problem. - Need help? - There's no problem. I left my electric toothbrush on in my luggage. The airline called and said that they broke my lock. - Nice. Did you get your boarding pass? - Yeah. It's right here. There was a little security problem - with her luggage. - I guess they can never be too careful. - You okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. This is the first time that I've been apart from my little girl. And I'm just a little anxious to get back to see her. Would you like to see a picture of her? Sure. I've got one in here. Here it is. Where is... Her name's Teri. She's adorable. Thank you. She looks really so cute. That's my husband actually. This is... Take her. - Code two! - Suspects are armed! Get down. It's Kim Bauer. Security's down. Where are the airport police? They're mobilizing. What about the operatives? The woman is dead. The man is getting away. We need him to find your father. What direction is he headed? Agent Walker? Damn it! I always liked that about you, Ethan. Even when I was a little girl, you stood up when I came into the room. Old habits die hard. You removed something from my office. - I want it back. - I told you, you're welcome to them. You know damn well I'm not talking about those files. Do I? Ethan, I found the digital recorder. Now give me what you took, or I'll order the security officers outside this door to strip search you. All right, I do have a recording. It's a personal account of my last days in service to this administration and I think I'm entitled to it. No one is entitled to take sensitive material out of the White House. Now it's national security you're worried about? As a matter of fact, yes. Well, I still have my clearances. Why don't we listen together. You are in no position to dictate terms, Ethan. You're in violation of at least ten federal laws. What are you so afraid of, Olivia? What's on there that's so incriminating? I'm not the one facing incrimination. You are. But give me the recording right now and I'll see to it that no charges are filed. Last chance, Ethan. Search him for a data card. I'm being held without cause. I demand to speak to President Taylor. It was the president who ordered his detention. If that's true, I want to hear it from her directly. Well, this is a criminal matter now. Considering her personal relationship with Mr. Kanin, the president doesn't deem it appropriate to intrude on the investigation. Please stand up, Mr. Kanin. Arms up. You're making a terrible mistake. Ms. Taylor is grossly overstepping her authority. Thank you, Agent. Process him out. Come with me, Mr. Kanin. I don't think you understand the seriousness of what you're doing. I don't think you do. Agent Hobson, I can take him the rest of the way. Fine. She's definitely hiding something, Agent Pierce. Lucky for us I'm a paranoid son of a bitch. May I ask what was on the other data card? Nothing. It's blank. I can try to get you into the communications office - so you can listen to that. - Too risky, and unnecessary. I have a companion device to the recorder in my car. It sounds like you were... expecting this. One has to be prepared when you're dealing with Olivia. I'll let you know what I find. What are you doing? What are you doing? We're gonna use you to reconstitute the bioweapon, Jack. Put him on the table face-down. - How long till we know? - It depends. On what? On the levels of pathogen in his spinal fluid. Give me a time frame. 15 minutes. Good. Get started. Don't! Give him something to control the seizure. I need him completely immobilized. I'll contact the group as soon as we know if Bauer's viable. - I need to talk to you first. - What is it? I want a larger role in the organization. I think this is a good time to make my case. We've gone over this before, okay? It's not how it works. You don't ask in. - You're invited in. - Then get me an invitation. After what I've done today, I think I've earned it. You have been resourceful, that's true. - Still... - Look, I know you talk to the top guy. All I'm asking is that you get us in the same room together. - I'll sell myself. - That wouldn't be the right approach. - Why not? - Because he's careful to a fault. And he's very protective of his anonymity. I can appreciate that. But the bottom line is, without me, this operation never happens. Now you have influence over him. He trusts you. You can convince him. I've seen you do it before. - This is different. - That's right. It is different. This time it's for me. I'm ready to extract the spinal fluid. - Hold his head still. - All right. - He knows, Martin, I'm telling you. - No, Olivia, he doesn't. Worst case, he has a suspicion. I mean he never actually had the time to listen to the recording, did he? Okay, and he never will, because you destroyed the data card, right? - Of course. - Then we're fine, all right? So long as you keep thinking clearly and don't panic. You're forgetting I ended this man's career, Martin. He won't let me off the hook, ever. You're the president's daughter, okay? Trust me, no one will come after you without hard evidence. Least of all Ethan Kanin. I've got to go. The president's been looking for you. She needs you. What's going on? There's a situation unfolding at the airport involving Almeida. We're about to be briefed, and she wants you in on it. Everything all right? Yes, fine. Need help over here. - Did you see which way he went? - It was chaos. There were people running everywhere. It's Renee. - Go ahead. - The male operative remains at large. Kim Bauer is missing. Either she went after him, or she's a hostage. Issue a priority alert across all channels. Officer, my name is Kim Bauer. I'm following the man who shot up the terminal. You need to contact Special Agent Renee Walker with the FBI. Kim, go ahead. I've got him. He's in the South Parking.</i> - Are you in visual contact? - He's on an upper levels - I'm at the exit. - Copy that. We're coming towards you. Hurry! Hang on! Help is on the way. Here. - You're hurt. Let me see your arm. - No, listen to me. That laptop has the camera they were using to track me. With a D-11 inverse router, we may be able to back trace the signal to the people that have my father. I worked at CTU, systems analyst. Is there anyone at your office that can help us with this? I've got Chloe O'Brian standing by. Get her on the phone. Once this happens, once it goes through, you can never go back.</i> You will live with it for the rest of your life.</i> I don't need a lecture on conscience from you of all people.</i> I have thought this through. What I can't live with is that monster getting away with this.</i> He has to pay for what he did. The virus load is even higher than we hoped for. Ten-plus in spinal fluid alone. Not enough to reconstitute the pathogen, of course. We'll still need his organs for that. He doesn't look too good. How much longer does he have? A couple of hours, give or take. And what happens if he dies before we extract the pathogen? Obviously, it's optimal to keep the host alive, but the pathogen could survive up to 2 hours after death, sometimes even longer. In fact, the only sure way to destroy it is by exposure to extreme temperatures above 500-degrees Celsius. - Make sure you put that in your report. - I have, I've already uploaded it to your computer. Good. Get him ready to move. Get the stretcher. Bauer is viable, - but you'll need to secure a facility. - <i>That won't be a problem</i> as long as you're absolutely certain that we can accomplish this. We've already done the hard part, Alan. From what I understand, with the proper equipment, the actual extraction and bioengineering is fairly straightforward.</i> Okay, Cara, I'll contact the others. Good work. They should know they have Almeida to thank for this. He's the one who realized Bauer was a possible source. Relay my gratitude. I think you should consider going farther than that. Farther? What did you have in mind? Tony believes in what we're doing. He wants to play a larger role. - That sounds premature to me. - The thing is, Alan, if we don't make a significant gesture, I'm afraid we may lose him. I don't even know this man, Cara. Then you should get to know him. Are you suggesting I meet with him? Look, all I'm saying is that he would be a very useful voice in the mix. His field experience fills a knowledge gap, in regards to our logistics and planning. Coming from you, that's a hell of a recommendation. There's no one better, Alan. And it's not as if you haven't vetted every other member of the group. Maybe it is time that he and I met. I could be there where you are in the next half hour. You're coming here? I think it would be a good idea if I supervised Bauer's transfer myself, make the others feel at ease, don't you think? But, Cara, I'll look Almeida in the eye, and if, for any reason, I don't like what I see, you understand. I can't let him walk out of that meeting alive. I understand. He wants to meet you. He'll be here in little while. Thank you. It's up to you now. Wheel the gurney closer. Son of a bitch, he's gone! Come on! He's too weak