I'm wondering if you can confirm some information. I'm gonna be reporting in this evening's broadcast that a rogue ex-federal agent named Jack Bauer is the prime suspect in the murder of Ryan Burnett. You leaked the story of Burnett's murder and my involvement to the press. So another one of your errors in judgment bites you on the ass. You've gone too far this time. It's Jack. Don't hang up the phone, please.</i> Whatever they told you, I did not kill Burnett. I sent you a photo of the man who did. All I want you to do is make an ID. John Quinn, Black Ops combat vet. He works for Starkwood. - Starkwood work with Juma? - If they did, it wasn't on the books. If anyone knows, it's Senator Mayer. Renee, where's Bauer? - I don't know. - Don't you lie to me. We know you accessed a classified government database and sent someone's name and address to Bauer. - Tell me where he is. - I can't. Put her in holding. Mirandize her. If Bauer connects us to Juma, it could seriously impede this operation. Yes, it could. - Is the shipment on time? - Yes. Due into port in the next hour. Once the weapons are deployed, then it doesn't matter what Mr. Bauer or anyone else knows. I didn't kill Burnett. This man did. His name is John Quinn. He works for Starkwood. What does Starkwood have to do with this? Your informant claims that Starkwood was trying to acquire a bioweapon, it's the connection to Juma. You've been trying to dismantle Starkwood for the last six months. If they have a weapon like this, you better believe they intend to use it. Where are the weapons coming in? You're too late. They're already here. Sir? Preliminary sweep of the immediate area's done. There's no sign of Bauer. All right, widen the grid. And run down security cameras around the perimeter. - Somebody must have seen him. - Yes, sir. Mr. Kanin, Larry Moss is on the line. Agent Moss, please tell me you have Jack Bauer in custody.</i> I wish that were the case, Mr. Kanin, but the truth is... Sir, it's Senator Mayer. He's dead. What? He was murdered at his house. We only found out that Bauer was on his way over here a short time ago. - Unfortunately, we got here too late. - Wait a minute. Are you telling me that Jack Bauer just killed a United States Senator? That's the assumption that we're working under, yes. How could you have let this happen, Agent Moss? He had us all fooled, sir. I released Jack Bauer into your custody. I ordered you to keep him on a short leash! No, no. Mr. Kanin, you are not gonna lay this one at my feet. It was your decision to give Bauer access to Burnett.</i> I advised you against it. Mr. Kanin? I'm sorry. What did you say? I said, I advised you against it. Yes, you did. Sir, I have teams sweeping the area. - Just find him, Agent Moss. - Yeah, I will. Starkwood was involved with what happened today. They helped Juma bring down those planes and attack the White House. In exchange, they were allowed to develop and manufacture a WMD in Sangala. It's a bioweapon. Apparently, it's already here in the US.</i> - Who else knows about this? - No one. Senator Mayer and I were piecing together the information right before he was killed. You said the weapon's already here. - Are they in possession of it? - I don't think so. The text message I got off their agent's cell phone said: "Port of Alexandria, Lot C, 10:15 p.m." Why don't we call the FBI and lock the place down? Because we're fugitives. No one's going to believe us. We need to know where that weapon is before we call anyone else in. Tony, I need to know if you're with me on this. - Yeah, I'm with you. - Meet me at the north end of the port. There's an access road before the main entrance. All right, I'll be there. It's over. Dubaku and Juma are dead. Everyone responsible for the terrorist attacks...</i> responsible for Roger. Thank God for that. And there's something else, something good, that's come out of all of this. Olivia is here at the White House. She's come home, Henry. This crisis... It brought us together. I've asked her to stay on as Special Advisor, and she's agreed. Ally... I can't begin to tell you - how happy that makes me. - Me, too. Sweetheart, I know that you're tired. You should get some rest. Olivia and I will come to the hospital just as soon as we can. When you can. I'm not going anywhere. Give Olivia my love. Love you. We love you too. The doctors expect him to make a full recovery. Henry's a lot tougher than anyone thought. Maybe, maybe, maybe, just maybe, this day will end on a positive note. What is it, Ethan? What's wrong? I'm sorry to have to tell you this, Madam President, but Senator Mayer is dead. What happened? All evidence points to the fact that he was murdered by Jack Bauer. Bauer? It's hard to believe, I know. It doesn't make any sense. After everything he has done today, why on earth would he do this? We'll know more when we find him. My God. Madam President, in light of what's happened, and for the sake of your administration, I'm afraid I have no choice but to resign as your Chief of Staff. Madam President, please, you need to hear this. Inevitably, it'll come to light that I sanctioned Bauer's release from custody. Unless I step down immediately, the damage to your office, and you personally, will be extensive. Ethan, Olivia has already killed this story once today. - We can control the damage. - No. No, not even Olivia can control it now. Not after the senator's murder. The truth is, Madam President, I didn't do enough to protect you. The truth is, I failed you. And I should shoulder the blame for what's happened. Ethan, really, you're... - you're taking this too far. - Am I? I'm not so sure. As your daughter has made abundantly clear, I have a lot to answer for. You have done nothing but be an invaluable advisor to me and an even better friend. I appreciate you saying that, Madam President, but Olivia's right. The political knives will be out. Every decision I've made will be scrutinized. There will be calls for a special prosecutor. You're a great woman, Allison. You have great work yet to do. I'm a liability to you now. Don't let me compromise your next three years in office. Don't let me sink your agenda. Our agenda, Ethan. Yes. Our agenda. Trust me, Madam President, it's the right thing to do. Accept my resignation. I'll have a letter on your desk in the morning. They're gonna be here any minute. We need to narrow down the search. If they offloaded it today, it should still be on the storage dock. It's still a needle in a haystack, Jack. There must be 1,000 containers in there. We need to access the yard's manifest. What's the security? I've spotted one Port Authority officer. - That's it? - That's it. There's got to be more. Come on, let's go. Honey, it'll be fine. I get relieved in a few hours. Carl, you know I don't like you working double shifts. Well, it was my choice. And we could use the overtime. - How are the girls? - Kicking like a chorus line tonight. They miss their daddy. What'd the doctor say? That I'm lucky it's not triplets. Honey, let me call you back. Don't even think about going for your weapon. I need the port's manifest. Where is it? I'm just a PA cop. Where is it? Customs House. That way. Let's go. We on schedule? We're at the staging area near the port, sir, but we're still waiting on Quinn. He should have been there by now. Have you heard from him? We've tried his cell, but he's not answering. If Bauer took out Quinn, he might have knowledge of the operation. Mightn't he? Should we stand down, sir? No. Give Quinn five more minutes, then go in. Do so with... extreme caution then contact me the minute that you've secured the container. Yes, sir. Everybody on the board is here, sir. - You have a worried look, Greg. - It's very tense in there, sir. They're six-year-olds, Greg. And they need to eat their carrots. Rough day. It's been a rough day for the United States of America. The White House under siege... The President taken hostage... It's especially painful because we know this didn't have to be. Fact: the United States military is strained to the breaking point. Fact: reinstatement of the draft is off the table for political reasons. Fact: the people in this room, you all, control the largest private army in the Western hemisphere. Now, could we have been of help today? You bet your ass we could've been of help! But they didn't call us, did they? No. Instead, we sit here, our contracts are canceled, our soldiers vilified, our corporate sovereignty is threatened by congressional fiat. Doug, you brokered the deal with this government. You were short-sighted and they don't understand that the global war on terror can only be won by forces like ours. So as of this minute, we sit for no more depositions. We volunteer no more documents. I don't even want us to take any phone calls. - Is that what this is about? - With the security of our country, - Is that what this is about? - ... we cannot let them take us down. You came here to ask the board to risk a federal indictment? It won't work, Jonas. We got a deal. It's a good deal and we're lucky to have it. With an administration that wants to destroy us. Wants to take us out of business. No, it's all different now. - Today was a game-changer. - No, institutionally, we are in compliance with the subpoena. Documents have been filed, - depositions taken. - Not anymore. Jonas, we have to stay engaged with this administration. No, we don't, Doug. You and I can talk this out. If you guys have any questions, any further questions, Greg, you will stick around and you'll answer them. Thank you. Thank you. Your way was a mistake, Doug. - You have to acknowledge that. - Maybe. But you and I both know that Starkwood cannot survive an all-out war against the subcommittee. - Let me worry about that. - You should worry about Senator Mayer. He's not going to let go of this. He's got his teeth in it. Senator Mayer's dead. He was killed by a rogue federal agent not one hour ago, tragically. Tell me you had nothing to do with this. Are you accusing me of complicity in the murder of Senator Mayer? I want a personal assurance. Starkwood is not in the business of political assassination, Doug. Maybe we should look into it. I hear it's a growth market. - Jack, you finding anything? - 12 ships were unloaded here today. Any from Sangala? There's no deepwater port in that area of West Africa. If the weapon originated from there, it would've had to overland into Pointe-Noire. Where... 2 of the 12 ships acquired cargo from that port within the last 4 weeks. Come on. Come on. - Damn it! - What is it? I can't access their manifests, their database is password protected. - What's your name, officer? - Gadsen. Carl Gadsen. I don't have any information about a password. Carl, I want you to listen to me very carefully. The same terrorists who took down 2 planes and attacked the White House are trying to acquire a weapon of mass destruction. They're coming here to pick up that weapon. It's somewhere out there in your yard in one of those canisters. I understand this might be hard to believe. No, actually, it's not. - You don't have a lot of time. - What do you mean? They are coming. - In fact, they should be here already. - Keep talking, Carl. They told me they were smuggling in electronics from South Korea. I swear. - I had no idea they were terrorists. - What'd you agree to do for them? Open the front gate. Look the other way. - Is that it? - Disable the security cameras. A yard this size should have more police officers. Where are they? I'm the supervisor. I do the shift schedules. I made sure I'd be the only one here. That's enough confirmation for me. I'm making the call. Untie him. - Who's he calling? - The FBI. Now that we're confident the weapon's here, we're calling in the authorities. My cell is down, so is the landline. Someone's jamming communications. It's them. They gave me that radio, told me they'd be contacting me. Answer the call. Just play along. Answer the call. - Hello? - Where are you? I didn't think you were coming. You're late.</i> Well, we're here now and we're waiting. Okay. - They're at the front gate. - Put your belt back on. I want you to resume your post. Pretend like everything's normal. - Just let them in. - And then what? We're going to follow them after they pick up their container, once we're past the grid, we'll make our call. - I don't know. - What do you mean you don't know? You're a part of this, Carl, whether you want to be or not. You became a part of it this the second you said "yes" to these people. - What do you got? - I got three vehicles. Eight hostiles, heavily armed, there's probably more inside the trucks. Carl, if you don't open that gate, they're going to come in here looking for you, you understand me? Let me put it to you this way. These men have killed over 300 people today. If they get that weapon, they'll make that look like child's play. You've only got one choice here. - I just open the gate and let them in. - That's all you've got to do. - And you guys got my back, right? - Yeah. Promise me. I promise you. Okay. Tony, get the surveillance package. Don't worry. It's just so we can hear what's going on. Turn around. I need to put this on your back. Listen, the money, it wasn't about greed or anything. It's my wife, Linda. She's having twins. They say it's the most natural thing in the world, right? Getting pregnant? Well, it took us three years, cost an arm and a leg. No excuses, but insurance doesn't cover a dime. I just always wanted to have a family. You know what I mean? Put this in your pocket. - You got him? - Yeah. Remember, it's just another day at the office. You're going to be fine. Let's go. What took you so long? - You got the routing documents? - Sure. I need to see them to locate the container. Relax, Carl. They're right here. Center section. Row 36... Q-block. It's that fourth stack on your left. I know where the container is, Carl. Did you disable the security cameras? They've been off since 10:00, just like you said. How's your wife? She's fine. - You didn't tell her about this? - No, of course not. - Did you tell anybody else? - No, why would I? You tell me, Carl. Why are you so nervous? Okay, you want to know the truth, Mr. Stokes? I was expecting a simple pickup, but... you show up with a small army here, and... - And what? - It's just... not what I was expecting, that's all. I just don't want to get caught. Nobody's gonna get caught, Carl. Let's go, we're moving. - You too, Carl, take a ride. - I told you, it's the fourth stack on your left. Q- block, row 36. - I'd feel better if you showed us. - I really should stay here, Mr. Stokes. I got to finish my patrol. Why, Carl? You expecting somebody? - No. - Then get in. Damn it. Forget about him, Jack. He was dead the minute he stepped out that door. You and I both know that. Ethan, I just came to say how sorry I am. Well, I appreciate the courtesy if not the sincerity. As much as I may feel this is what's best for my mother, on a personal level I'm sorry you have to go through this, and for some of the harsher things I said to you in anger. Well, I suppose I owe you an apology, too, for accusing you of leaking my role in this Bauer fiasco to the press. I really believed you were trying to blindside me. Considering the impression I gave you, I'm not surprised. As someone who's known you most of your life, I'd like to offer some advice. Of course. Ambition can be a valuable quality here in Washington as well as in life, but unchecked, it can be unhealthy, if not dangerous. What I'm trying to say is... you got yourself a seat at the President's table. She listens to you. But running a country is not like running a campaign. It's not about doing whatever it takes to win. It's about doing what's right for the American people. Sometimes those things aren't mutually exclusive. - Good-bye, Olivia. - Good-bye. It's Olivia. You can go with that story now, Ken, - and it just got better. - Tell me. Ethan Kanin's resigning. What happened? I thought the plan was to let him twist in the wind for a while. His hand was forced. It seems Jack Bauer just murdered Senator Mayer. What? You're kidding me. Anybody else have this yet? Not yet, it's all yours in time for the 11:00. Told you I'd take care of you, didn't I? - You are too good to me, Olivia. - You just hold up your end. Make sure Kanin's the fall guy. My mother is nowhere near this, OK? No problem. She really doesn't have any idea that you're the leak? No, and it'd better stay that way. She won't hear it from me. When are we having that dinner you promised? Maybe next week. Always next week. You'd better get to work if you're going to make that broadcast. Preliminary ballistics. So these files on the computer presumably Senator Mayer was looking at 'em before he was killed? Someone was, Sir. They were opened and viewed within the last hour. So if the Sen... if the Senator was killed point-blank in the entry hall, how are we explaing the slugs in the door frame and the railing? I don't know. - Get the crime lab guys on it. - Yes, sir. Agent Walker, it's Larry Moss for you. - Hello. - Senator Mayer is dead. - Where's Jack? - Don't know. We don't have him. OK, but what, you think that he did this, Larry? - First Burnett and now Mayer? - Well... it looks that way. - What do you mean "looks that way"? - Well, that's why I'm calling. Senator Mayer was killed with a UMP 40 submachine gun. If Bauer was on the run, where'd he get ahold of a weapon like that? Also, there's evidence to suggest that the... there was a 3rd party in the house when the Senator was killed. - What kind of evidence? - Unexplained slugs, a broken set of French doors, a chair where it doesn't belong. OK, so are you saying that this third party killed Mayer? Well, I might be saying that if I knew what the hell Bauer was doing here in the first place.</i> All right, listen. I want to meet you halfway, but if you expect me to even entertain Bauer's innocence, you have got to help me here.</i> I can't, Larry. If Jack is still underground, he is underground for a reason. There were files open on Mayer's computer, documents relating to his investigation into Starkwood. So just tell me that. Did Starkwood ever come up in your conversation with Bauer? Look, maybe I should have trusted you before, okay, but you have got to trust me now. What role does Starkwood play in all this? The man who framed Jack for Burnett's murder was John Quinn, a Starkwood contractor. Jack believes that they were behind Juma and all of the terrorist attacks today. He went to Mayer to get the evidence to prove it. I have to assume that Quinn followed him there. - That's all that I know, I swear. - Okay, I believe you. Thank you. Just sit tight, I'll be in touch soon.</i> Well, let me help. Jack could still be out there. - <i>He may be in trouble.</i> - No, no, I can't release you, not yet. Reese, what's the status? Just getting the chassis on. I'll be a minute. Hurry it up. Hold up, hold up, I don't have my truck. Put it down there, I want it there. Get up there. Let's run a diagnostic now. I want to be ready to roll as soon as Reese gets here with that flatbed. Yes, sir. All right, there's the package. We should get back to the car. We want to be in position to follow that container once they move out. Just give me one second. Cooper. Now's as good a time as any to settle up with Carl. Yes, sir. Thanks, Carl. Good luck. - Let's go. - Where we going? Your money's in my truck, just one aisle over. Jack, we should get going. What are you doing? I thought you said the money was in the truck. - What the hell's going on? - Just keep moving. Listen, I don't know what Stokes told you, but I didn't tell a soul. Damn it, Jack, what the hell are you doing? Don't do it. You're gonna turn a surveillance job into a firefight. - It'll be two against ten. - Two against nine. Right, and we lose our best chance at getting this weapon. Don't break your own rules. You may save one man, but what about the thousands of people who could die in a biological attack? Is this about you, Jack, or about them? You want to prevent another disaster or ensure that it's going to happen? That's far enough. Turn around. You're going to kill me, you're going to have to look me in the eye. Damn it. Thank you, thank you. We've got about 30 seconds before they figure out what happened. - Okay, what's our fallback? - Steal the truck. Strong? I'll make the direct assault, you cover the east flank. All we need is a big enough firefight to get one of us behind the wheel. - You ready? - Yeah. How do we look? Diagnostics check out, sir. - The package is stable. - Good. All right, let's get her on the chassis! Cooper, come on. Let's roll. Cooper, do you copy? Dolen. Check the next aisle over. Find Cooper. Hold your position. Wait for my signal. - Cooper's down. - Go red, go red! - Let's move out... Greer. - Engage. Reese, get the truck out of here now! The truck, I'm going after it. Cover me now! Two shooters: fan out and find them. Tony, this is Jack, do you copy? Drop it. I know you. You're on Emerson's crew. You're Almeida, right? I know Bauer's with you. Now, where is he? - Larry, it's Jack. - Where the hell have you been? I need you to scramble multiple teams to a weigh station on Highway 236, exit 29. - I'm in a big rig about 10 miles south. - What's going on? You also need to send a CDC recovery unit. Why? I'm in possession of a biological weapon interdicted at the Port of Alexandria. A biological weapon? Just listen to me. I don't care if you arrest me or shoot me. Just get your teams out here. I fully expect to be pursued by hostiles. - Starkwood? - How do you know? I talked to Renee. And I saw what was on Mayer's computer. Larry, they're coming after this weapon. You can count on it. Now, be advised, I believe that Tony Almeida is being held hostage.</i> I'll call out an interagency alert. - <i>We'll secure both locations.</i> - Larry, hurry. - <i>Hodges.</i> - Sir, this is Stokes. - What's your status? - The package is secure, we're inbound. - What about Bauer? - <i>He's at the scene,</i> but he sought cover nearby. Well, we have to assume that he contacted the authorities, so we better be on an accelerated timetable. - Get over here. - It will be there in ten minutes. - We're right behind. - Good. I've got teams on the ground prepping for your arrival. I'm still on Route 236, but I had to stop approximately seven miles before the weigh station. - I got 2 units moving to you right now. - You're gonna have to redirect them. - Why? - Starkwood reacquired the bioweapon. They managed to access one of the dock's freight helicopters. While they had me pinned down, they airlifted the freight right out of here. They were headed due west from my current position.</i> West... they got a large military facility in that area. Okay, good. Redirect the teams there. I can't assault a private compound unless I have proof that weapon exists. - Okay, where's the CDC? - <i>They're scrambling a team right now.</i> Send them to me. You'll have all the proof you need. What happened? One of the canisters was breached during the interdiction. Some of the bio-agent was released. I was exposed.