and another hour to install the bomb. Longer than I'd hoped. Remember, without us you'd be delivering your payload in weeks instead of hours. If we succeed today, the Arabs and the West will destroy each other. - Did you pick up anything on Gredenko? - No. Glasgow Street house was deserted. I might have a lead. - What is it? - Charles Logan. Logan? He's at his retreat under house arrest. So, you need Gredenko to find Fayed. Can you help us? I never dealt with him directly, but I know how we can find him. - How? - Anatoly Markov. He's the Russian consul general in Los Angeles. I don't trust you. If you wanna find Gredenko, maybe it's time you started. - You're taking a great risk, Mr President. - You and I both share in that risk, sir. We have three nuclear weapons loose in my country. I want a statement of support from your prime minister, right on the heels of Assad's. A public endorsement could have grave political consequences for the prime minister. Tell your prime minister we have a carrier group operating less than 25 miles off his shores. It's armed. The president's gonna die. There's nothing you can do about it. You've got to put a stop to this. There must have been a moment when you were on board. Did you change your mind? I need to know. I was against you from the start. You're just as bad as Fayed. All right. Here we go for a run-through, everyone. What is this? Bomb! Citadel has been hit. Send a medical team. Citadel is down. Send a medical team now. (man) This is Hawkins. We've reached emergency med bay with the president. (Lowry) I want you to stay posted outside. Understood? - (man) Sir. - I've got it. Thank you. Let me be clear about this before we go. You are a federal prisoner. Do not make a move unless I tell you to, understand? You don't have to threaten me, Jack. I know what my role is. I just want to be of service. As far as I'm concerned, you'll never do anything that will erase what you've already done. I understand your anger, I do, but if you wanna find Gredenko, we should leave now. Get in the car. I haven't been outside these gates in over a year... You don't need me to tell you what it's like to be locked up. You're right, I don't. I know how it feels to be locked away from the rest of the world. Lonely... the silence... It plays with your sanity. But in that silence you can hear the voice of your deepest self. And if you listen to that voice, you have a chance to heal. (phone rings) - Bauer. - Bill. Are you on your way to the consulate? Yes. You need to know something. There was an assassination attempt on President Palmer. He was wounded, but we don't know the extent yet. Oh, my God. How did this happen? The details are still coming in. Secret Service thinks it was Assad. - What? - They think he smuggled in a device. That doesn't make sense. Assad was working with the president to stop Fayed. - So he said. - He wasn't lying. He's dead, Jack. It doesn't matter if it was him or not. He can't help us stop Fayed, which means you're following our only live lead. I understand. I'll get back to you as soon as I'm at the consulate. What happened? There was an assassination attempt on Wayne Palmer. - (woman) Replace it. - (man) Good. Get rid of that. Make sure you count and bag the shrapnel... - Excuse me, Mr Pollock. - Yes. What do you want? The vice president is being telebriefed. The sec dep wants Mr Lennox there. Well, Mr Lennox is occupied. I'm covering for him. Dr Welton is monitoring medical teams. I've asked him to brief us directly on the president's condition. - Mr Vice President. - Go ahead. We're stabilising the president. He was hit by shrapnel which entered his upper chest and neck. He didn't suffer head wounds, but he is unconscious. Can you determine when he might be able to resume his duties? Sir, the president was within ten feet of a high-velocity explosive device. That he survived at all is... a miracle. Mr Vice President, as secretary of defense, I am the ranking member of this committee. And I think I can speak for all of us when I say... we have no way of knowing when or if the president will recover enough to function. We need to proceed under the assumption that the president's duties are now yours. I'll be landing in a few minutes. When I get there, I want a full security briefing from Tom Lennox. Yes, sir. We'll see you here soon. Please submit your task profiles to my office. We'll reconvene when the vice president gets here. Reed. - Where the hell is Tom Lennox? - I believe he's with the attorney general. I spoke with the AG. He's had no contact with him. Hm... Well, then, I... I'm not sure. You work for the man but don't know where he is? President Palmer was expecting him in the broadcast studio and he didn't show up. Tom Lennox is missing. Have your team sweep the bunker. Find him. Yes, sir. 10-20 on Tom Lennox. This is a priority request from the sec dep. You had the clarity to understand how to keep this country safe. But the president was an obstacle. We did what was necessary. Is he dead? No, but he's injured badly enough that he won't be able to serve. Secret Service is looking for Lennox. They're sweeping the bunker. - Let me handle him. - No. I told you before, I can make it look like a suicide. The situation supports it. He was depressed after the president rejected his plan... - No. We cannot kill Tom Lennox. - Why not? Because we're not murderers. What we did was necessary for the sake of national security. Killing Lennox is just about us trying to cover our involvement. Getting caught? Never part of the plan. Don't touch him. Or what? Or you'll have to kill me too. Listen, I know Tom Lennox. He can be reasoned with. - So you really did it? - Only because it had to be done. You were the one who warned us all that the logic of this current engagement would demand extreme action. You said, for the greater good, individuals would need to be sacrificed. I wasn't referring to the President of the United States. Sir, the president's policies would have aided the enemy. They were well-intentioned, but they were naive and dangerous, and you know that. Vice President Daniels is running this country now. He will implement your security plan. But if you implicate us, it will only drag you into this, and it will make your plan harder to push through. I'm the one who tried to stop you, Reed. They'll never believe you. The only way to stop these nuclear weapons being detonated on US soil is through the proposals in your security plan. And all I have to do is do nothing? Yes. Carson has matched the bomb signature to a design used by Assad's organisation. The FBI will put this all on Assad. - No one needs to know the truth. - I don't know. Sir, a guilty conscience is a fair price to pay for the survival of this country. They're coming. - Do you understand the situation, sir? - I do understand, Reed. I know that you will do the right thing. Good. I'm gonna cut him loose. - Mr Lennox, are you all right? - Yes, Agent Lowry. Sir, the secretary of defense has been looking for you. Lowry, these men are responsible for the attempted assassination. I'm surrendering myself until I talk to the attorney general, but I want them arrested. - Welcome back, sir. - Thank you, Lisa. I've sifted through the latest flashes you need to look at. I went over them. I want to follow up on the one from CTU. I'll get them on the line. - (man) CTU. - I have the vice president for Mr Buchanan. Hold, please. (phone rings) - This is Bill Buchanan. - Sir, one moment for the vice president. I see from the White House flashes that President Palmer granted Charles Logan some kind of furlough. I'm curious as to what circumstances could possibly have led to that. Logan claims he can help us find Dmitri Gredenko, the man who supplied terrorists with nukes. - How? - Through the Russian consul. Logan believes this man can find Gredenko. He insisted on approaching the consul. I'm surprised President Palmer trusted Charles Logan to conduct any business for the government. I believe the president's decision was informed by the fact we have no active leads. - Is Logan being supervised? - Yes. By one of our agents, Jack Bauer. Bauer will keep Logan on a short leash. You keep me posted to any progress. As soon as this plays out, I want him back under arrest. Yes, sir. Come with me into the consulate, but I need to speak to Markov alone. - Don't leave my sight. - Then this is a waste. He won't tell us what we need to know if you're there. - I don't let you out of my sight. - What do you think I'll do, request asylum? If it's any comfort, I don't think the Russians would take me. Fine. You can talk to the consul on your own, but I will be right outside the door. You try and move more than 20 feet away from me, and I will know. I'm gonna prove you wrong, Jack. I'm only trying to help. The consul is expecting you, Mr President. Follow me, please. (knock at door) - Mr President. - Anatoly. - It's good to see you. - It's a pleasure, sir. How have you been? Very well. Still trying to do my best for my country, as much as circumstances will allow. Of course. My sincere sympathies to your people for the tragedy this morning. You have the condolences and support of my country. Thank you. Now... how can I help you? The bomb that exploded was a Russian suitcase nuclear device, supplied to the terrorists by Dmitri Gredenko. No, thank you. I don't smoke any more. Mr President, those weapons were destroyed as part of our treaty. We're certain of our facts, Anatoly. But I didn't come here to make accusations. I came here because we need to know where Gredenko is. I will ask Moscow to try to locate him immediately. I'm not asking Moscow, I'm asking you. I know that you are close, and you have been since you fought together in Afghanistan. So, I ask again, where is he? I don't know. Dmitri and I were close for many years, but not now. Forgive my lack of diplomacy, but I don't believe you, and I'm willing to force the issue. Moscow has always suspected that someone inside the Russian government helped supply the Sentox nerve gas to the separatists two years ago. I have the tapes, Anatoly, of every phone call you made to my people. I will send them to President Suvarov. You gave me your word that my role would remain secret. My promise was rendered null and void by the fact that the terrorists that Gredenko is helping have three more bombs. I haven't spoken to Gredenko for more than one year. I will send the tapes. You will be recalled to Moscow and you will never be heard of again. You can send all the tapes you like, destroy me many times over. I do not know where Gredenko is. All right, Anatoly. I believe you. Please forgive my tactics. I'm trying to save people's lives. So, if you know anyone else who might still be in contact with Gredenko... I will make calls. But, as far as I know, everyone else has cut off contact with Dmitri as well. Any support would be greatly appreciated. Of course. Anatoly. Mr President. We're moving. He says he hasn't spoken to Gredenko in a year. He's lying. They're still in contact. And he knows enough about what's going on to want to deny that. - How do you know? - Cos I've done enough lying myself to be familiar with the signs. - (phone rings) - Yes? (Markov) The United States has connected you with terrorists. Are you sure? They sent Charles Logan to try and force me to give up your location. The reason we brought the Arabs into this was to conceal our involvement. Now we are exposed. Russia is exposed. The Americans are speculating. They have no evidence. If they did, they would not send Logan. - I don't know. - Don't worry, Dmitri. By the time they find anything, it will be too late. All right. Let me know if you hear anything more. Pull over as soon as you're out of sight of the guards. What are you going to do? (phone rings) - O'Brian. - It's Jack. Gain access to the DWP server. I want you to disable the power going to the Russian consulate as soon as you can. Chloe, you need to do this under the radar. - How long do you need it out for? - 60 seconds. Make it look like a grid failure in case the consulate tries to contact the DWP. I'll get back to you when I'm ready. Are you going back in there? You just spent nearly two years in a Chinese prison because you violated the sovereignty of their consulate. Now you'll go into the Russian consulate and take a chance on that happening again? (man on TV) As nightfall approaches, hazmat teams and emergency crews in Valencia, California, continue to search for survivors, while the official death toll stands at just over 12,000... (phone rings) - Hi. - Where are you? Still at the airport waiting for my plane. Why? What's up? There's been an attempt on President Palmer's life. What? They won't know the full extent of his injuries until he regains consciousness. - There's been nothing of this in the news. - It hasn't been made public yet. The vice president is on his way back to the White House. He's assumed executive duties. - I have to go back. - You've already tendered your resignation. Nothing's been processed. Technically, I can withdraw my resignation. I've got to go back, Bill. Look, I'll call you when I get there, OK? All right. Once we settle in, I wanna go over a copy of the Lennox proposal. I need you to work up a distribution list. The president rejected that plan. What's your point? Don't you think it might be too soon to enact it? (sighs) Lisa, a Muslim terrorist has set off a bomb inside the White House. If anything, we've delayed this far too long. - Mr Vice President. - Hello, Ethan. - What's the president's condition? - They managed to stabilise him, but it's still too soon to make a prognosis. Something else has come up. There's been a development in the investigation of the assassination attempt. Tom Lennox has remanded himself into custody. Lennox? What are you talking about? Just about two hours ago. That's when Reed first hinted that there was a plot. You waited an hour before you tried to report it. Because there was nothing actionable. It was just all innuendo. I was simply trying to wait and find out more. By the time I realised they were moving, Reed caught me trying to alert Hollister. - That's when he struck you over the head? - That's correct. - So, when you provided Carson's clearance... - No, no! I didn't provide anybody clearance. Reed stole my clearance card. ...and gave these men the president's itinerary, you were pretending? Yes. Or maybe it's just that you had second thoughts. - I'd like to speak to Mr Lennox alone, please. - Yes, sir. I tried to stop this, Noah. I'd like to believe you, Tom. I'll leave it to the Justice Department to determine your role, and Assad's. Assad? They were setting him up. He had nothing to do with this. You don't know that. It's my understanding you suggested that others, besides Reed and Carson, may have been involved. Only because Reed implied as much. I was trying to figure out who else was involved. - Did you? - No. Then it's conceivable that Assad may have been, at the very least, a willing participant in this attack. That makes no sense whatsoever. Assad was a terrorist who hated this country and everything it stands for. What better way to rally his people than to martyr himself by murdering the president? Don't you understand? That is exactly what Reed and Carson wanted this to look like, and now you're playing right into it. I am going to address the nation shortly to inform the public about what's happened. Until I have all the facts, I am not about to tell them that Hamri Al-Assad is innocent in this. I see what you're doing here, Noah. By scapegoating Assad, you can reverse the agenda, get aggressive with the Islamic community. You think I don't see what you're doing here? It's your plan, Tom. You outlined those measures yourself. I was your staunchest advocate. What has happened to the president is horrific, but if there is any good to come from this, it's that we have the opportunity to do what we know is in the best interests of protecting this country. You're asking a whole heck of a lot more than for me just to maintain silence on Assad. The cabinet knows you are the architect of the plan. If you're not on the face of it now, it may raise questions. Or have you come to believe the president was correct in rejecting your proposals? No. I know it's... it's the only way to stop these attacks. But you're gonna stick to your assertion of Assad's complete innocence? Or I can clear you of these charges and you can help me to initiate your plan, which we both know is in the best interests of the country. Agent Lowry. I don't want his statement promoted to the attorney general until it's gone through me. Yes, sir. (phone buzzes) - Have you got it? - I've logged onto the DWP server. You have a 60-second window before the circuits kick back in. Hold on. Shut it down now. - What is happening? - I don't know. Something's wrong. - You check the upper level, I check the lower. - Got it. (speaks Russian) - What is this? - Hands where I can see them. - Why are you here? - Where is Gredenko? - I told him, I don't know. - You're lying. - (alarm) - Hands away from the desk now! Sit down! You're breaking international law, violating the sovereignty of the consulate. I don't have time to ask nicely. Where's Gredenko? I... I don't know. I swear. - (speaks Russian) - I'm not sure. When the power came back on, the consul's panic button was triggered. Consul Markov. Are you all right? I've taken the consul hostage at gunpoint. You make any attempt to enter this room, I will kill him. You understand me? - Find out who this man is, and alert Moscow. - (speaks Russian) - (woman) CTU, Operations. - It's Jack. Let me speak to Buchanan. Jack Bauer on line one. - What's going on, Jack? - Bill, I got a situation. Logan's play didn't work so I came back to the consulate. Before I could get any information from him, I was discovered. I don't know how much more time I've got. It's Russian territory. I can't sanction this. I know. You need to call the White House and advise them. I want you to stand down, find a way out. I'm not going until Markov tells me how to find Gredenko. I'll get back to you when I've got something. Mr Vice President, the press secretary has set up for your address. You'll be going live in ten minutes. Thank you, Lisa. Have you... finished drafting my statement? I'll have it for you momentarily. I thought you should know that Karen Hayes has withdrawn her resignation. She's on her way here now. Do you know what prompted her resignation? Officially, it was to return to Los Angeles to be with her husband, but rumour has it she stepped down because of her opposition to the Lennox plan. - I see. - (man) I have Bill Buchanan on the line. - This is the vice president. - Sir, a situation has developed. What kind of situation? Jack Bauer has taken Russian Consul Markov hostage. - He's holding him at gunpoint. - What? How could that happen? Markov denied having any contact with Gredenko, but Logan insisted he was lying. When the escort left, Bauer went back to question Markov. That's when he was discovered. My God. - Did you approve these actions? - No, sir. Bauer acted on his own authority. And the questionable assumption of Charles Logan. Sir, Bauer has absolutely no reason to trust Charles Logan, yet he was convinced enough to take action. In any event, he's created a diplomatic mess. If Markov has information, then extracting it is our only chance to stop the next nuke from being detonated. - Excuse me. - Not now. Sir, it's President Suvarov. Bill, I don't know how long I can hold off the Russians. If Markov is connected to these nukes, Bauer had better get it out of him fast. Yes, sir. Mr President, this is Vice President Daniels. I was expecting to speak to President Palmer. - My apologies. I'm afraid he's unavailable. - Unavailable? Sir, I'm speaking on his authority. I assume that you're calling about the incident at your consulate. Let me assure you, this man is acting on his own and not under the orders of the United States government. Nevertheless, this is a gross violation of our sovereignty. If your agent does not stand down immediately, my country will have no choice but to retaliate with the most forceful diplomatic measures at our disposal. I understand your position, but before you escalate this you should understand mine. We've learned that Consul Markov is most likely in contact with Dmitri Gredenko, who we've linked to the nuclear attack that took place on US soil. If that's true... we will look upon him as a co-conspirator in the attack. Mr Vice President, I deeply regret the tragedy that your country has experienced today, but you must make these charges through proper diplomatic channels after your agent has surrendered. I wanna know where Gredenko is and what he's doing. I don't know. I haven't spoken to Gredenko since he arrived in the United States. I never said he was in the United States. Why don't I tell you what we know? We already know that Gredenko supplied Fayed with the five suitcase nukes. It doesn't make sense that he's still involved, unless he's doing something else for Fayed. That's what we wanna know. What is Gredenko doing for Fayed?! I don't know. You're gonna tell me what I want to know, or you're gonna start losing your fingers. This is your last chance. (crunching sound) (Vasili) I've got the feed. Don't move in yet. He's too close to Markov. You have one of two choices... You can give me the information that I want and I'll go pick up Gredenko... or I can kill you and I'll make sure Gredenko finds out. And he'll panic, because he'll think you gave him up before you died. He'll be forced to use his exit route. Either way, he stops what he's doing in this country now. The choice is yours. How do I find Gredenko? Mohave Desert. Shadow Valley. - Where in the Shadow Valley? - I don't know. What is he doing? What is he doing?! Launching drones. What? Aerial drones for Fayed. His delivery system for nuclear bombs. How soon will the drones be ready? Two hours. In two hours, all the bombs will be in the air. Son of a bitch! (Vasili) Now! Don't let anyone near this man, do you understand? My fellow Americans, I regret to inform you that a short time ago, President Palmer was seriously injured in an assassination attempt at the White House. Thankfully, he is alive and currently in a stable condition. The prime suspect, Hamri Al-Assad, was killed in the explosion. And in light of this heinous and cowardly act, compounded by the tragedy in California, I will be pushing forward an aggressive agenda of national security. One that will, out of necessity, suspend certain civil liberties. This is the price of war. Make no mistake, that is exactly what this is. - Have you been able to reach Jack? - No, but my log confirms he did try to call in. Are we monitoring consulate communications? We are, but diplomatic traffic is encrypted with algorithm that we've never been able to crack. But I think I have a way around it. One of the computers isn't properly shielded, so I'm picking up a shadow of their messages before they're encrypted. - What's that? - ASCII code. - It is? - Yeah, in Russian. I'll just load a Cyrillic grid. Should be good to go. (mutters in Russian) Oh, no. They're saying they've got an American agent in custody. ...forceful and decisive action needs to be taken... (phone rings) - Buchanan. - Morris just intercepted some bandwidth. - Apparently, they got to Jack. - What do you mean, "got to" him? They moved in on his position and recovered Markov. Sir, they're holding Jack prisoner. - Sir, we should phone the vice president. - No. No, not yet. He's in a diplomatic standoff with Suvarov. He won't get anywhere with a direct appeal. So what's our next move? Have special ops draw up a plan to get into the consulate. I wanna give the vice president the option to take the consul by force and hopefully rescue Jack. (speaking Russian) - (speaks Russian) - Enough. - You must listen. - I'm not allowed to talk to you. That's because your consul doesn't want you to hear what I know. Dmitri Gredenko was responsible for supplying terrorists with the nuclear bomb. Markov is working with him, against the orders of your government. You can make allegations through appropriate channels. No, there's not enough time. Gredenko has three more bombs. They're gonna find targets by way of unmanned drone aircraft. With the consul's knowledge? Ridiculous. - He told me. He confessed. - Under duress. He gave me his location. The aircraft will be ready to launch within two hours. I know you believe me. You know about Markov's connection to Gredenko. Please. You have to help. There is nothing I can do. The consul approves communications to Moscow. I don't want you to call Moscow, I want you to call CTU. I want you to give them Gredenko's location and advise them of the time frame. - Where is he? - The High Desert, in the Shadow Valley. You need to call 310-597-3781. You need to tell them you have a message for Bill Buchanan from me. My name is Jack Bauer. Please. I hope you are telling me the truth, for your sake as well as mine. You know I am, otherwise you wouldn't even consider doing this. You need to hurry. - (man) CTU. - I need to speak to Bill Buchanan. Mr Buchanan is in a meeting. Can I take a message? - It's urgent. - One moment, please. (man) Mr Buchanan, there's a man on the line from the consulate. He says it's urgent.