Vice President Daniels runs this country now. He will implement your security plan. Lowry, these men are responsible for the attempted assassination. I have the vice president for Mr Buchanan. I see from the White House flashes that President Palmer granted Charles Logan some kind of furlough. Logan claims he can help us find Dmitri Gredenko. - How? - Through the Russian consul. The bomb that exploded was a Russian suitcase nuclear device, supplied to the terrorists by Dmitri Gredenko. Where is he? I don't know. - (phone rings) - Yes? The United States has connected you with terrorists. The reason we brought the Arabs into this was to conceal our involvement. Now we are exposed. Russia is exposed. You spent nearly two years in a Chinese prison because you violated the sovereignty of their consulate. Now you plan to go back into the consulate and take a chance on that happening again? How do I find Gredenko? Mohave Desert. Shadow Valley. What is he doing? Launching drones. How soon will the drones be ready? In two hours, all the bombs will be in the air. Don't move in yet. He's too close to Markov. Now! I've gotta set the transcript codes for the debrief. Thank you. Who are you? I'm just Chloe O'Brian. I need to do something on this computer. Do you know what's going on with Jack Bauer? He's still being held in the Russian consulate. - I need to talk to Bill Buchanan right now. - He'll be here after his meeting. Does he know that I'm all alone here in a holding cell? This isn't really a cell and you're hardly alone. This is standard procedure for someone under house arrest. - Excuse me? - Sorry. I'm feeling ambivalent. I'm gonna go. All right. I want to introduce everyone to Mike Doyle. He's the new head of field ops in from Fort Bragg. I want all tactical and comm agents to report to him directly. Jack's being held captive in the Russian consulate. I haven't opened up that to anyone on the outside. Doyle will help you put a tactical profile together for an assault on the consulate. So, we're prepared to provoke an international incidentjust to liberate one operative? No. Liberating Jack is a secondary goal. Our primary objective is to abduct Anatoly Markov, the consul. According to Jack, Markov knows how to find Gredenko, who controls the suitcase nukes. Excuse me. Is nobody worried this could be considered an act of war against Russia? Ultimately, it's the vice president's decision if we go in or not. If Jack is right and Markov is working with Gredenko, the Russians will have to back down. - Sir, Logan is ready for you. - Thank you. I want a comprehensive siege profile on my desk ASAP. - Who has the control keys for the servers? - I do. Bracket scenarios into three. I want projected outcomes based on personnel. Doyle, normally we run general attack... I don't care what you normally do, Pressman. And I wasn't speaking to you. - I was talking with her. - Yeah, it's so weird. I had this thought that you might come here and not be ajerk like in Denver, but you are. That's right. Just like Denver. Let's get to work. - I take it you know him? - Yeah. I don't like him very much. - Does he know what he's doing? - Yeah, he's good. What did Buchanan say? We're ready to move pending White House approval. - Is Jack on his own? - Yeah. This is all about getting Markov, not saving Jack. - (phone rings) - Yeah? I'm terminating the American. Do you confirm? Yes. And you're sure there won't be any political complications? Not if we stick to our story. The American kills the head of security, tries to escape. The American has shot Vasili. He's in the basement. Find him. (alarm) - (man) Consul Markov. - Yes? We haven't found the American, but I locked down the perimeter. - There is no way to leave. - He can't be allowed to call out. Shut down the phone lines, DSL, everything! (guards shout) (phone rings) - CTU, O'Brian. - Morris, it's Jack. - I know how to find Gredenko. He's... - (phone crackles) - Morris? - Jack? Jack? Jack? Come on. Dammit! (alarm continues) (alarm stops) Sir, Morris just got a call from Jack. The line went dead, but he says he knows where Gredenko is. - Did you trace the call? - He's still inside. Monitor everything. Tell Doyle Bauer has got key intel and is no longer dispensable. Got it. (door buzzes/opens) I'm sorry, we have to reschedule our debrief. - Why? - We have a situation at the consulate. Does this have something to do with Bauer going back in there to question Markov? Please, Bill. Maybe I can help. Jack was able to get Gredenko's location from Markov. He tried to call us, but was cut off before he could say more. He's either being held prisoner in the consulate or he's being pursued. Then I was right, Markov is involved. And he will do whatever it takes to keep Jack quiet. We have to extricate Jack. Failing that, we have to go in and remove Markov and interrogate him ourselves. We don't have time to go through red tape. There's no red tape. I'm launching an assault. No, that's... that is a huge mistake. Markov will not let himself be taken alive, and he will kill Jack Bauer. We have to try something. Have you tried any pressure from President Suvarov? Vice President Daniels has spoken to Suvarov. He's reluctant to act. - It's a diplomatic standoff. - He needs to be convinced to get involved. I don't know how to do that. - I do. - How? My ex-wife, Martha. She became friends with the Suvarovs, especially the wife. Anya can get through to Yuri. He listens to her. They're a very good team. With all due respect, hasn't Mrs Logan been institutionalised? That's beside the point. She's in a unique position to help us. All right. I'll put a call in to her. Bill... let me do it. Martha can be very difficult. I think it would be best if I talked to her. - I didn't realise you were on speaking terms. - We're not. But I think I can get through to her. I know I can. Please, let me try. - That's the way I want it. - Yes, sir. - How many on each of those teams? - Five. - Make it three. More teams, more coverage. - Fine. - Who's estimating defence figures? - That would be... me. - Where are the numbers? - I'm just sorting them. - Of course you are. Where are the numbers? - This is about how many seconds it takes. There are your numbers sorted three ways. Pick one. Hey! Do I have your attention? Cos I only wanna do this once. I have 25 soldiers that are about to put their asses on the line. Whether they live or die largely depends on what gets done here. That's not to mention three nuclear weapons that may be down the street for all we know. So if anyone has a problem taking orders from me without giving me lip, tell me now, and I will have you reassigned. Doyle. You keep your hands off my people. Is that clear? - They need to know what I expect from them. - I know what you expect. That's enough. You have a problem with somebody on my team, you come to me. Fair enough. Have your team merge their results and download them onto my system. You all right? - The shirt's a blend. It doesn't wrinkle. - You know what I mean. Yes. I am all right. You thought I was a pain in the ass. The vice president likes you. He hopes you have the right answer. Well, I hope so, too. Tom Lennox. Man of the hour. - It's all right. You can leave us alone. - Yes, sir. So, have you given any thought to our earlier conversation? - Yes, I have, sir. - And? And I agree that the priority here is to protect our country, and I am prepared to look the other way regarding details of... the assassination plot. - To a point. - Well, what does that mean? It means the truth must ultimately come out. Reed and Carson need to be punished for what they did. And they will. Look, all I'm trying to do is keep America united. I can't have our critics screaming, "Look at how bad we are." "We're worse than the terrorists." - We need to keep our eye on the ball now. - On that point, sir, we are in agreement. Good, cos I need you to tell the ambassador of Assad's country that you saw Assad plant the bomb that injured the president. Sir, looking the other way is one thing. Choosing to tell a lie to the ambassador, that becomes a matter of record. Now, you listen to me. If we expect to navigate through this crisis, I need you to cooperate. - I would like to cooperate... - I'm still talking! Come on now, Tom. Let's just count our blessings here for a minute. President Palmer survived this attack. Neither you nor I had anything to do with this heinous plot to kill him. And the most beautiful fact of all is that we now have the opportunity to implement the correct policy to stop these terrorist lunatics. Can you just put aside your distaste for my methods for one minute? Think about the great gift that's been given to us. - I will think long and hard, sir. - Good. Now... I need you to tell the ambassador that Assad carried in the bomb. I'll take it from there. OK? OK. Lisa, get the ambassador clearance and bring him down here. Let DOJ know that Lennox has been cleared of any wrongdoing and will continue serving as Chief of Staff. Yes, sir. Sir, I would like to know what you hope to achieve in your talk with the ambassador. I want him to know that I hold his country responsible for all of it - the nuke and the presidential assassination attempt. They need to be motivated to rein in these terrorists, and I want them to know that America is mad as hell and ready to retaliate with a nuclear option if they don't. Here's Fayed. It's about time he got here. We need to start loading the bombs. Mr Vice President. Bill, I'm here with Tom Lennox. What's going on at the consulate? Jack Bauer's still at large somewhere inside. It appears he knows Gredenko's location, but can't get it to us. All right. What's the plan? Former President Logan believes he can convince his ex-wife to call Anya Suvarov. He thinks the Russian First Lady can get through to her husband. That's as likely as the terrorists knocking on my door and surrendering. I agree. That's why we've also prepared a siege plan. A strike force will enter the consulate and extract Markov for interrogation. You realise an attack on a Russian consulate is technically an act of war? - I do, sir. - I'm reluctant to go the tactical route here. We've got our hands full. We don't need to open up another front. It's your decision, sir. I understand the politics are sticky, but my responsibility is to stop these nukes. Markov will not surrender willingly. We have to go in. How long will it take you to put together this siege? - 20 minutes. - About 20 minutes. All right, proceed as if you're going in. If Logan can be effective before then, great. - But don't wait on him. - Yes, sir. - You ready? - Yes. - Take your team and await our word. - Got it. Agent. Martha? Just me. Did you get some rest? - I've been worried about you. - Worried about me? You shouldn't be driving around with that fallout in the air. I'm keeping a good distance away. How are you? I've decided to read my book and listen to music. I've lived with enough fear over the years. I don't need any more. Good for you. - Got your magazines. - Thank you. And... I stopped by Mel's. - Did you get raspberries? - And blackberries and fresh kiwi fruit. Oh, thank God for Mel. What would I do without that man's produce? Oh, these look beautiful. Mm! - Oh, here. Have one. - I'm fine. Go on. (Martha giggles) (phone rings) Could you get that? Martha Logan's bungalow. - May I speak to Martha, please? - Who is this? It's Charles, Aaron. Put her on. It's important. Hold on. - Who is it? - It's Charles. He says it's important. Important to whom? - Mr Logan, she doesn't wanna talk to you. - I heard what she said. Listen, I am at CTU in Los Angeles on government business and it has to do with the nuclear attack. I don't understand how Martha could possibly be of any help. - What you understand really doesn't matter. - I no longer have to tolerate your sarcasm. This was not sarcasm. Something needs to be done and I think Martha might be able to help. I don't know what to tell you, but Martha simply doesn't wanna speak with you. She hasn't taken your calls in almost two years. I don't know why she would now. - Tell her it's about the Suvarovs. - What? Just do it. Please. - Martha, he wants to ask you something... - I told you, I don't wanna talk to him. It's about the Suvarovs. - What's wrong? Has something happened? - I don't know. What is it? Is Anya OK? - Anya's fine, Martha. They're both fine. - Then what the hell do you want? It's a very delicate matter. There's an international incident brewing and I think that you might be able to help diffuse it. Let me get this straight. The government is desperate so they come to you to fix the world, and you come to me. I can't be dragged into another drama with you. I won't. You know what's going on today. You know that this is important. This is absurd. - You still there? - Yes, I'm still here. I wouldn't play games on a day like today. I know. You need to convince her to see me. I'll take a chopper and I'll be there in a few minutes. Aaron? All right. This is Shavers. (Buchanan) Stan, let me talk to Logan. Sir, it's Mr Buchanan. Yes, Bill? We've dispatched personnel for an assault on the Russian consulate. Bill, attacking the consulate is a huge error in judgment. This has been decided. The only way to avoid full confrontation with the Russians is for you to get Martha to make that call before we engage. (woman mutters) (woman giggles) - Slowly, both of you against the wall. - Please, don't hurt her. I have no attention of hurting you, but if you don't cooperate, I will kill you. You understand me? Both of you speak English? - Yes. - I need to make an outside call. You can't. They've cut all communications because you killed Stovich. - I didn't kill Stovich. - I don't believe you. - I don't have to convince you. - Whatever you want. In case of an emergency, how do you contact the outside world? Please, there's a satcom phone upstairs. - Get it and bring it down here. - We're in a lockdown. That's your problem. Get me that phone. - Now! - OK. Get against the desk. Don't be scared. You'll be fine. Hello, Aaron. Martha's waiting for you. She's inside. Thank you. Martha. I'll get her. - (Aaron) Charles is here. - (Martha) Send him away. - But, Martha, he flew here. - I know, but I've changed my mind. I don't want to see him. - What's the matter? - She's changed her mind. Sorry, but she doesn't wanna see you. Aaron... you have to convince her this is not about us, this is for the good of the country. - I told her that. - If we don't do something quickly, there's gonna be a US-led assault on the Russian consulate here. So on top of everything else, we will effectively be at war with Russia. (Martha) You've lost weight. Martha. So this is the new improved Charles Logan. Reborn. You look beautiful. What do you want? - I need you to call Anya Suvarov. - What do you want me to say? She has to convince Yuri to order the Russian consul here in Los Angeles to surrender. And why would he do that? Because the man, Anatoly Markov, he's a criminal working outside Russian authority. - So what? - He's also a mass murderer. The bomb that went off this morning was supplied to the terrorists with Markov's help. There are other bombs out there. He knows where they are. Why doesn't the White House contact Yuri directly? - They did. It didn't work. - Why not? This is very complicated. Please don't make me explain everything in detail... Oh, oh, I'm sorry! Just do as you say without asking. I'm sorry! You haven't changed a bit. Look. Look at this. I'm still under arrest. After this is over, I go back to prison. I'm just trying to help. "Prison"? Oh, is that what you call a 10,000 square-foot house with a pool and a tennis court? Yuri has to be convinced that this man, Markov, is a traitor to his country. Anya can make our case for us. You're the only person who can reach her fast. Do you think I should do this? Yes, I do. I need a drink. Not that knocking me off the wagon wouldn't be a small price to pay for saving the world. Get Anya on the phone. I'll talk to her. - (Nadia) How far are you from the consulate? - A few minutes. Any change of plans? No. As far as I know, the assault is still a go. I'm about to talk to Buchanan now. - Call me if anything changes. - OK. - Have a seat, Mr Ambassador. - Thank you. How is President Palmer? Well, the president's a tough man. He's injured, but we're confident he'll make a full recovery. - What a tragic and despicable act. - I agree. What is more troubling is a citizen of your country, Hamri Al-Assad, was responsible for the attack. I understand that Assad lost his life in the blast. I was led to believe that he was working with President Palmer to promote a peace plan. Well, I'm afraid that was all a ruse, Mr Ambassador. Assad's real intentions became clear when he detonated the explosive. - You have proof of this? - Conclusive. Forensic evidence, as well as at least one eyewitness who saw the detonator in Assad's hand immediately before the explosion. Isn't that right, Tom? Yes, sir. That is correct. Even if what you say is true, you must know that Hamri Al-Assad was not working at the behest of our government. He was as much a wanted man in our country as he was in yours. Oh, not as much. - But that's gonna change. - What are you referring to? The terrorists presently on US soil are acting under the orders of citizens in your country who have the support of government. - I know it and you know it. - That is not true. I say it is, and I'm willing to bet you that I'm right. What do you mean? I have a carrier group within striking distance of every major city in your country waiting for my order. - You would attack us? - Abu Fayed, a citizen of your country, enters the United States and detonates a nuclear bomb killing thousands. Next, Assad attempts to assassinate the president. We cannot be held responsible. We have cooperated since the inception of this crisis. These threats are reckless. I had an understanding with your president. And now you're gonna have one with me. You help us find those nukes before another goes off or I'm gonna unleash the full power of our military on your country. - Keep me posted. - (man) Yes, sir. Doyle is approaching. We can be in the consulate in less than 15 minutes. - It's gonna come right down to the wire. - What? Charles Logan and I are trying to arrange a call between his ex-wife and Anya Suvarov. - When? - Mrs Suvarov's giving a speech in Omsk. We have to wait till she's finished. Even if Mrs Logan gets through to Anya, it'll take time to change her husband's mind. I agree. It's a long shot. - It shouldn't take much longer. - It's important. Why not interrupt the speech? It's Russian politics. There's nothing we can do. Fine. It's gonna be a few more minutes. - What's the matter, honey? - It's taking forever. I know. Aaron, do you promise you'll stand by me if I can't go through with this? Course I will. Martha, I'm sorry. The last thing I wanted to do was upset you. Funny, you always managed to get to that last thing. May I ask you something, Charles? Does it bother you to see me with another man? - Martha, please. - We may as well talk to fill the time. We never really had any closure. Well? Yes, it's very difficult, if you wanna know the truth. But you've had a rebirth. - You should be happy for my happiness. - I am happy for you, Martha. I'm sure you are. You know, Charles, Aaron has taken such good care of me. I don't know what I did to deserve such a good man. I never knew what that was before - a really good man. If it makes you feel better to insult me, feel free. I didn't come here to fight with you. It does make me feel better. I can say exactly what I want, finally, without having to worry about your wrath. The great Charles Logan. The president of the universe, the great leader, the murderer! Martha, I want you to stop this right now. You're gonna get all stirred up. Oh, well, God, we couldn't have that, could we?! Mr Logan, if you'd be more comfortable waiting outside, I'd understand. I appreciate that, Aaron, but I think I'll stay right here. Actually, I'm very thankful you've been able to be here for Martha. You are a good man. She's very lucky to have you. - Now you're trying to irritate me, aren't you? - No, Martha, no. I'm not. Oh, cut the crap. All the sincerity, the new enlightened soul. - At least you used to be an honest crook. - That's enough, please. Sorry. I'll be a good little girl. - Oh, my God. - (Martha) Sorry. I'm sorry. I did it. I did it. - He... he wouldn't stop. He... - We need a medic in here right now! He just wouldn't stop. And I... Oh! It must have hit an artery. We need a medic in here now! - Agent Foley, get in here now! - Somebody, come on! (Martha) Oh, no! (Aaron) Stay with us! (man) He's going into shock. Let's get him out of here. Now. - It happened too fast, Bill. I couldn't stop her. - There's nothing we can do. I've been ordered to send an assault team into the Russian consulate - unless President Suvarov intercedes. - I understand. Is Martha capable of having a coherent conversation with Anya Suvarov? - Honestly, I don't know. - Chloe's putting the call through. Find out. Will do. Why are they doing this to me? I should be given a medal. He was one of the biggest criminals in history. They gave him house arrest. Martha, we're still in a crisis situation. Are you able to handle the conversation with Anya Suvarov? Of course I am. I'm not crazy. I know what the stakes are. Are you sure? Mr Pierce, CTU has got Anya Suvarov on the line for Mrs Logan. They're putting it through now. Do you know what you're gonna say? Anya, it's Martha. How are you? I'm fine. I've been worried about you there in California. Stop worrying, everything's gonna be fine. I know we have a lot to catch up on, but I'm gonna have to be rude and get to the point. - There's not a lot of time. - What is it? If you've talked to Yuri, you know there's a very tense situation at the Russian consulate in Los Angeles. I've heard about it, but don't know the details. - The details are very important, Anya. - Please, tell me more. The American stepped on Russian soil. - He took me hostage. - We will sort out the details later. Right now, I am ordering you to surrender to the Americans and deliver Jack Bauer unharmed. I am afraid... I cannot do that, Mr President. How dare you disobey a direct order? You will do exactly as I tell you! Mr Buchanan, Consul Markov is not cooperating. You understand this leaves me with very few options? I do. I will personally authorise the use of force against the consulate. The United States of America has the support of the Russian state in this matter. Thank you, Mr President. - I got it. - Get over here. - Is anybody gonna notice it's missing? - In a few minutes, yes. Make your call. - Did he hurt you? - No. It needs the unlock code. - (Buchanan) Suvarov gave us the go-ahead. - Go! - Are you hit? - No. (phone rings) - Yes? - It's Markov. The Americans are coming in. - I thought you had that under control. - No. Soon they will have your position. - Hold them off as long as you can. - I will, but you must launch now! Drop your weapon! Do it now! - (man) Search the area. - My name is Jack Bauer. - This man needs medical attention. - Send medics to the basement. Mike Doyle. Contact Bill Buchanan. Tell him Fayed and Gredenko are in the Shadow Valley. Patch me in with Buchanan. This drone is ready to launch. Arm the bomb. Got it. Put all the satellite coverage we have on Shadow Valley. Sir, stay still. We'll have you at the hospital in a minute. - Martha... - Sir, please don't try to talk. (rapid beeping)