Preparing the tracker now. We can track up to 15 miles. And we are locked on the isotope signature that's being emitted from Gredenko's arm. - You led them to me. - I had no choice. I don't like it. Something's wrong. I'm heading in. Which direction, Milo? He stopped and entered the building on the left. (Jack) Milo, no one's in here. My God! They cut off Gredenko's arm! Ryan, move your men in now! I want Fayed alive. - We're trapped. - This way. I recognise him from the news! It's the terrorist they're looking for! - (man) That is him. - You bastard. Back off! Gredenko is not here. Lock down the area, initiate a search. One of the cabinet votes is invalid. The tally's seven to six in favour of invoking the 25th Amendment and removing President Palmer from power. I'm sorry, Wayne. Noah, don't waste your apologies on me, because I won't let you steal the presidency. As I'm sure you're aware, sir, conspiracy to commit perjury is a felony offence. (Lisa) My affidavit will push the court to rule in your favour so that you can do - what's right for this country. - (Daniels) You're right. Do it. Turn it off. Wayne. The Supreme Court was just notified Daniels withdrew his suit. You're still the President of the United States. - President Palmer. - What? He's about to go ahead with the nuclear strike. This makes no sense, sir. - It's what you risked your life to stop! - I risked my life to reassert my authority. Mr President. - We have a successful launch. - Good. Mr President... the missile is just entering target's airspace. - Mr President... - I'm done talking. We both agreed a nuclear strike is pointless. Fayed's actions are not state-sponsored and his country cannot be held accountable. Five minutes to impact. The ambassador assured us his country's doing everything possible to find the nukes. They simply don't know anything. One way or another, Tom, we're about to find out if that's true. - Buchanan. - It's me. - Have you gotten anything from Fayed? - Jack's interrogating him. He's not optimistic about breaking him. What's going on? The president's gone ahead with the strike. - He what?! - He's launched it, Bill. - Why? - I don't know why. He fought the vice president and now he's just going ahead with Daniels' plan. It doesn't make any sense. We've gotta stop this. Bill, can I tell the president that you have a solid lead from Fayed on the location of the suitcase nukes? Provide a pretext to bring the missile down? Karen, I can't do that. Fayed's not talking, Gredenko's dead. I don't have anything. OK. OK. - I'm sorry. - Me too. I'll call you later. Sir, we have confirmation their radar's tagged the missile. They're scrambling fighters and readying air defences. They know we're coming. Good. I just got off the phone with CTU. Bauer's interrogating Fayed. - He'll soon have the location of those bombs. - No, Karen. We can't afford to wait. Sir, we can't afford not to. Please, why are you doing this? Four minutes to impact, Mr President. (Tom) Mr President. (phone beeps) - Yes? - (woman) Excuse me. - We have the ambassador for the president. - This is President Palmer. My government has alerted me of the nuclear weapon heading toward my country. That's correct. We've made good on our threat. - For God's sake, I implore you to stop it. - On what grounds? We have uncovered new information regarding your situation. I'm listening. We have identified a general in central command, Mohmar Habib, who has also been in contact with Fayed. It's our belief he's been helping orchestrate the attacks. - Have you arrested Habib? - Yes, yes. He's being interrogated. Please, you must abort this attack before it's too late. Does Habib know the present location of Fayed's nuclear weapons? It is my understanding his last contact with Fayed was during the drone operation. He has no current knowledge of the weapons' whereabouts or intended targets. Mr President... two minutes to impact, sir. Ambassador, your government has known about this man for some time, haven't they? Mr President, this development has come as a shock. Stop lying to me! That missile will hit in less than two minutes, so please don't try my patience again. You must understand the fragile political climate of our country. General Habib is a high-ranking military commander. I really hope protecting this man was worth pushing us to the brink of World War III. The missile will be aborted. But in the meantime, I strongly suggest you get me a full dossier on General Habib. I want a thorough update on his interrogation. I'm also demanding that you return here to the White House immediately. I want direct access to you, sir, for the duration of this crisis. As you wish, Mr President. Commander, abort code alpha, zero, delta, nine. Ditch it in the Gulf. My God, they were lying to us all the time, withholding information, and you knew it. I suspected it. Well, I'll see that the Vickery sends a recovery team to retrieve that nuclear warhead. That won't be necessary, Tom. The president ordered the launch of a secondary missile on board the Vickery. - An unarmed one. - What?! This was all a bluff? The vice president was right, well, about one thing, anyway - that it was gonna take a willingness to strike back before getting any real cooperation. The difference is I wasn't about to take innocent lives to prove my point. Now, let's get this information to CTU. Perhaps it's the key to breaking Fayed. This country is planning a retaliatory strike against your people. I can stop it, but tell me where the bombs are. Where are the bombs?! Fayed, this is over. You lost. Save your people. Just tell me where the bombs are. Are you enjoying yourself, Bauer? As much as you enjoyed butchering my little brother? Your brother was responsible for the death of dozens of innocent lives. Now you're responsible for thousands. Trust me, I haven't begun to enjoy myself. Go ahead. You'll get nothing from me and you know it. We'll see. (coughs) - This is not working. - Let me have a go at him. No. That's exactly what he wants. He knows he's lost. He wants us to martyr him. (phone rings) Hold on. - This is Bauer. - It's Bill. What's your status with Fayed? Same as before. We're getting nowhere. I've just got new intel from the White House. Fayed's government arrested one of its generals - Mohmar Habib. He's been running Fayed, helping him coordinate the attacks. - Then Habib knows where Fayed's men are. - No. He claims there's been no contact since the drone attack. They're interrogating him. Unless Habib gives us something more useful, we have no location for these bombs. We have to try something more drastic. - How soon can Fayed be transported? - Immediately, but we've got a play. You really think you'll be remembered as some great martyr for your people? You blew up a little city and you killed a lot of people today, but let's face it, that's gonna be of no real political significance. Your number two guy, once he realises that you're out of the picture, he's gonna take those remaining suitcase nukes and blow up a substantial target, something that's really gonna hurt this country. If by some chance he succeeds, he's gonna be the hero of yourjihad, and you will be forgotten. Is that what you want? Do you honestly believe you can manipulate me by playing on my vanity? I serve the will of God. No, you don't. And if you don't believe me, ask Him when you meet Him. Agent Doyle, lower your weapon. I said, lower you weapon! Buchanan wants us to transport Fayed to CTU. His men are probably on the move. The only way to break him is with a pharmaceutical package. Burke is ready. We don't need Burke. Just give me time. Those are your orders. Agent Doyle, do you have a problem? - No problem. - Good. Get your men ready. Now we're gonna have some fun. Excuse me, sir. Here's the file on Habib. - Is this the complete dossier on Habib? - No, sir. It's preliminary. I was told by the ambassador's staff that more would be forthcoming and relayed to CTU. Good. How soon before the ambassador gets here? Within 15 minutes. And I spoke with Secret Service. Your sister's on her way back to the hospital to be with Walid. She's gonna call you soon. All right. Thank you. I did want to say... your handling of the crisis... I know you're not happy you were kept in the dark. The joint chiefs agreed we keep the plan closed. That's not it. I just want to say I'm sorry I doubted your strength and your leadership. It's all right. Well, respectfully, sir, no. It's not all right. Tom, you and I go back a long time. So let's be honest with each other. You believed the vice president was better suited to lead this country through this crisis. And I was wrong about that, sir. If that missile had detonated on foreign soil, Russia, China, every nation with a nuclear capability, might have inserted themselves into this. This could've been a world war. Unfortunately, we're already in a world war. It's just taken me some time to realise that. If it hadn't have been for Vice President Daniels, I would've had no gambit to play and the ambassador would never have come forward with this intel on Habib. I'm not David, Tom, and I never will be, but I am learning that who I am is not so bad. Yeah, we're all doing some learning here today, aren't we, sir? Tom... Daniels withdrew his challenge to my competency very suddenly and, from what I know, without any discernible reason. - Change of heart, maybe? - Something must have changed it. You have something on him, don't you? Sir, as chief of staff, I'm here to inform you and also to protect you. Those jobs don't always work in combination. We're northbound on Washington. ETA about six minutes. Tell Agent Burke we're gonna need everything he's got. What if it doesn't work? I've never found pharmaceutical torture that effective. - I have. - (Fayed scoffs) If this is supposed to frighten me, you're wasting your time. I won't tell you a thing. Whether you do or not, I get to watch you suffer. Agent Doyle, I don't want you talking to... - Jack! - Watch out! - Everybody OK?! - Yeah. (men mutter in Arabic language) They're trying to flank us on both sides. We're sitting ducks here! Try and get Fayed out the back. I'll cover you from this side. All right. (man speaks Arabic language) (man speaks Arabic language) We're clear! We're clear! Bill, it's Jack. Do you copy? - Bill, do you copy? - We're here, Jack. - Cover team just picked up Fayed. - Do you think he bought it? We'll know soon enough. - Is the AVfeed up yet? - We're almost there. - Agent Doyle, you're bleeding. - I must have cut myself in the crash. - Mike, do you need medical assistance? - No, it's superficial. Thanks for your concern. - Jack, I'm patching it through to you now. - Copy that. (man) Talit, take evasive measures. Keep off the main streets. (man speaks Arabic language) My name is Jamal Nasawa. We're with the Al-Tahireen cell. General Habib sent us. - The general? - Yes. - How did you find me? - Through contacts in American intelligence. He learned of your route and ordered us to intercept. He wants us to help you rendezvous with your men. Give me a gun. I want to speak to him - General Habib. - That's not possible at the moment. - Why not? He's under tight scrutiny by the government. It's not safe. He said he'll call us when he can. Fayed, where do you want us to take you? I'll let you know after I speak to the general. As you wish. Bill, did you copy? Fayed's not going anywhere unless he talks to Habib. - I don't know if I can make that happen. - We've got to, otherwise this falls through. We have no other way to find the bombs. I'll call the White House. We need to involve the president. I've got Bill Buchanan on the phone. I'm patching him through. Bill, you're on speaker with Tom Lennox and myself. So what's the situation? Jack wasn't able to extract any information from Fayed. He considered it a dead end. Consequently, we implemented a plan intended to trick Fayed into leading us to the suitcase nukes. - What sort of plan? - We staged a fake rescue of Fayed by CTU agents posing as members of a terrorist cell with loyalties to Habib. We hoped that Fayed would lead us to wherever his men are holed up. - But he hasn't, right? - No, sir. Fayed is stalling until he can get confirmation from Habib that these men are taking orders from him. - He wants to speak to the general, sir. - Habib is still being interrogated. We don't know how cooperative he's being or even if he will be. I appreciate that, sir. Our agents on the inside are trying to circumvent his request, but Jack believes Fayed will not lead us to the location of the nukes unless he speaks directly to the general. - Where is the ambassador now? - He just arrived. Karen is meeting him. I'll do my best to pressure the ambassador. Maybe they can force Habib to make that call. Keep doing what you can, just in case I'm not successful. Yes, sir. We'll keep you apprised. - All right. - Sir, if this ruse isn't working, we might be better off getting information out of Fayed by conventional means. If Jack Bauer says that's a dead end, then I believe him. - Let's not keep the ambassador waiting. - Whoa! Are you all right, sir? I'm fine. - Ambassador. - Mr President. The prime minister has asked me to convey his gratitude to you for stopping the attack, and his relief that a catastrophe was narrowly avoided. Don't get too comfortable, Mr Ambassador, because there may be one yet. Sit down. Let me get right to the point. At this very moment, Abu Fayed is travelling with CTU agents posing as a terrorist cell allied with General Habib. - You have Fayed? - Yeah, but not the suitcase nukes. The problem is, Fayed will not rendezvous with his men until he speaks to that general, presumably to confirm the legitimacy of our undercover agents. So we need that phone call to take place now. I appreciate your dilemma and I will gladly pass on your request, but I'm not sure the general will be accommodating. He has proven stubborn. Perhaps you should be a little bit more persuasive. I resent your tone. I don't need you to tell me how dire the situation is. This is not a moment for indignation. It's your country's own inactions that have brought us to this point. I can assure you every effort is being made to get information from him. We have even arrested his family. Have you threatened to kill them? - I beg your pardon? - Mr President... These are desperate times. I spared you a nuclear strike that would've killed thousands. What is your country willing to do to ensure that another bomb does not go off in mine? - What you're suggesting is barbaric. - I know how your country treats dissonance. Don't you dare speak to me of barbarism. I don't care how you do it, but General Habib needs to call Fayed and give him his orders directly, without compromising CTU's operation. You'll make the call now. If Habib makes the call, it'll be to Jamal's phone, but the general doesn't speak English. I'll set up a separate channel and translate their conversation. Milo, I need you to uplink a proprietary channel on socket D to my terminal. I can't. I'm busy. - Why don't you just do it yourself? - I don't have level-five security clearance. It hasn't stopped you before, now has it? Milo, is there something on your mind? I... just don't get it. A few hours ago, Doyle was threatening you, hurting you. Now you two are best buddies. Just because I show concern for an injured field agent, it doesn't make us friends. Milo, besides, he might not be as bad as you think he is. No, he is. The guy's a creep and a sadist. I don't have time. I can have Chloe do it. That's it? That's all you're gonna say? Let go of me. Psst. I know it's none of my business, but do we have a bit of a problem? No. - I'll set up your channel. - Thank you. - Are you all right, love? - Yeah, thanks. Don't mention it. Pull into that garage up there. We'll wait there. (Jack) Right over here. Fayed, I understand your caution, but we can'tjust sit while the Americans are looking for us. I told you, we're not going any further until the general calls. Tell me, Jamal, if you take your orders from General Habib as I do, how is it I've never heard of you or your cell? - This is going south, Jack. - Be patient. Don't be a fool, Fayed. You know how this works. Every cell is autonomous, without knowledge of the others. It is the only way we can protect ourselves and our operation if we get captured. (phone rings) Yes? (speaks Arabic language) The general. - Hello. - Fayed. (speaks Arabic language) "Fayed, I can't speak long. I suspect I'm being watched." - (speaks Arabic language) - "So I was told." "General, these men who rescued me, did you send them?" (speaks Arabic language) "Of course I sent them." "Do you still have the bombs?" "There are two left. They're with Halil at a safe house." "Why haven't you used them?" "The Russian, Gredenko, failed to provide us with the means to a secondary target." (speaks Arabic language) "You failed, Fayed." "We should've sent Sameer in your place." "Are the bombs operational?" "They are." "Good." "Connect with your men... get the bombs ready to move out." "Call me back at this number." "By then, I will have chosen a new target for you. Do you understand?" "Yes, General." Are we good? The safe house isn't far. Head east toward the 110 freeway. - The target vehicle is moving. - Copy that, Jack. Looks like it worked. I'll let the White House know. Let's go. Mr President? Hm? - Are you feeling all right? - I'm fine, Karen. Just a... I'm just a little tired. Mr President, I just got word from CTU. The general's call appears to have satisfied Fayed. - He's leading them to the bombs. - Oh, thank God. I'm pleased we were able to help, Mr President. So am I. Karen, would you please show the ambassador to his car? Yes, Mr President. Forgive me, Mr President. I believe you asked me to remain here... That won't be necessary any longer. - Thank you again for your cooperation. - Of course, Mr President. - You handled him well, sir. - The door, Tom. - Excuse me, sir? - The door... lock it. - Mr President. - No one can know. Mr President! Shadow teams for Bauer and Doyle are standing by. They'll advance when Fayed is at the safe house. No one moves until Jack confirms that the nukes are there. Make sure Fayed's vehicle and the follow car have a wide berth - nothing to tip Fayed off. Right. - Sir, I think we have a problem. - What? The transcript between Habib and Fayed - there's an inconsistency. - The general spoke of a man named Sameer. - That's right. Sameer Al-Afted served on the general's staff throughout the '90s. He was implicated in money laundering for radical organisations. That's probably the guy. The problem is, Sameer Al-Afted was killed two years ago in a raid by Afghan forces. But the general spoke about him as if he were alive. - He could be referring to another Sameer. - Or it could be a code. I think the general was telling Fayed he was speaking under duress. I'd better warn Jack and Doyle. Nadia... good work. Jack, they're turning north onto Adams. We just detected what might be a duress code in the conversation between Habib and Fayed. - Give me the specifics. - The general mentioned Sameer Al-Afted. But Sameer's been dead for two years. - I'll call Jamal. - If they're wrong, you could blow this. If they're right, this is already over. Now, give me your phone! (phone rings) Yes? This is Agent Bauer. I'm in the follow vehicle behind. - I need you to listen very carefully. - Go ahead. We believe General Habib may have given Fayed a distress signal. Fayed might know that this is a setup. - Jamal? - (static) Jamal, do you copy? Dammit! What the hell just happened? CTU, we just lost video and audio. They went into a tunnel. It may just be interference. - How long is it? - (Chloe) Checking. Only 120 yards. - They should've come out by now. - Copy that. Aerial One, this is Jack Bauer. We lost the target vehicle. It entered a tunnel on Adams. - Seal off the north end. We're going in. - (man) Roger that. We've got a visual on the target vehicle. It stopped in the tunnel. We're gonna engage. Dead. - They're both dead. - Jamal's alive. Stay with him. Call in a medic. Aerial One, did you see anything leave the north end? Aerial One, do you copy? (man) Aerial One, negative. (metallic clink) (heavy breathing) (dials number) It's me. I'm on my way to you now. I'll explain when I get there. Bill, it's Jack! Do you copy? - Jack, go ahead. - Fayed is in a sanitation truck headed east! Jack, say again. We didn't get that. Dammit! (crackling) Jack? Jack? No contact from Agent Doyle. Aerial One says they're in the tunnel. Send the call to audio forensics to pull what Jack said. Chloe, replay the satellite feed. Back-time it 60 seconds. Yes, sir. Bill, this is Doyle. I don't have a 20 on Jack, but I have a dead body at the loading dock. - Doctor, what is happening to him? - His blood pressure's dropped to 80 over 40. It could be any number of things - vascular damage from the adrenaline shot, intracranial swelling. Mr President, we have to get you down to Medical. No. No, I'm not going anywhere. Just give me another shot of adrenaline. No, sir. Another injection would kill you. I should never have given you that last one. I won't make that mistake again. I'm sorry. - Sir, what are you doing? - I'm going back to work. Please listen to him. Let him perform some tests. When this is over and the nukes are secured. - In my opinion, you won't last that long. - I might surprise you. Mr President, if you don't get down to Medical now, you can have my resignation. I won't accept your resignation, Arthur, so don't bother. Will you excuse us? - For God's sake, talk some sense into him. - It is his decision. Tom... call CTU. - I wanna know what's happening. - All right, sir. All right. What's going on, Brother Fayed? What happened? Gredenko betrayed us. He led CTU right to me. - What? - They may be tracking me. It's not safe here. - Load the bombs onto the truck. - Where are we going? To finish this. We're going to take out downtown Los Angeles. Let's move. You wait here. You guys, come with me. (shouting in Arabic language) Say hello to your brother. (helicopter approaches) Jack. Jack. - You all right? - Yeah. I'm fine. - How did you find me? - We tracked the sanitation truck by satellite. - The bombs are on the table. - CTU, this is Doyle. We're on site. (Buchanan) Go ahead, Mike. The bombs are secure and Jack's all right. Repeat, the bombs are secure. Damn, Jack. Let's get you to Medical. - I'm fine. - (phone rings) Doyle. You've got a call. It's been routed through the CTU switchboard. Thanks. This is Bauer. Hello? Hello? (Audrey) Jack... Are you there? - Can you hear me? - Audrey? Help me, Jack, please. Help me. - What the hell is going on? Where are you? - Hello, Mr Bauer. Yes, Ms Raines is alive. If you wish her to remain that way, you will call me back in ten minutes at 310-597-3781 on a secure line. If you make any attempt