over at Homeland. Someone will have to go down. The farther from the president, the better. - Are you asking me to resign? - I have to fire you. We're talking about the end of my career. An FB-sub-circuit board from one of the weapons is now in the possession of an agent of the Chinese government. If the Chinese agent in possession of the sub-circuit board transfers it to his government, the entire Russian defence system will be compromised. I will have no choice but to extend my country's forward perimeter. You are talking about attacking one of our military bases. You have two hours. Everyone on the floor! My men have your grandson. Have you repaired the sub-circuit board? I'll return it when you bring my grandson. Cheng, I'm sending the boy to you now. Hello, Josh. Your grandfather wants to speak with you. - What do you want? - I am going to give you the future I promised you when you were born. I'm taking you away from this ungrateful country. Cheng, it's over! Tell me where the boy is and I won't kill you. Help! Josh! - I lost the boy. - Who has him? - CTU and your son. - This is totally unacceptable. The boy was my price for repairing the circuit board. Our arrangement is over. I've got Phillip Bauer calling for you on a scrambled line. I want my grandson. And I want clear passage to the country of my choice. If you give me that, then I'll give you the FB-sub-circuit board. - You're working with the Chinese. - I was. - Is Phillip Bauer someone we can trust? - We have no choice. Get me CTU. - You need to come with me. - What do you mean? Come now! - Agent Doyle! - Orders, Jack! - The boy stays with me! - Uncle Jack! Josh! - Where are you taking me? - I'm sorry, Josh. You're sorry for what? What's going on? This has to do with my grandpa. Josh, he's got something we need, something that will stop a war, so we have to go through the motions of handing you over to him. What, you mean you're not actually gonna do it? As soon as we get what we need from him, we're gonna recover you. We have two TAC teams and LAPD at the rendezvous site. This is a locating device, Josh. We're gonna be able to track you until we get the green light on your recovery operation. Look, I understand you're scared - I would be too - but I will get you back, Josh. - This may sting a little. - Argh! Look, we're making a mistake. You can't let them do this. You can talk to Doyle. You can't let them hand Josh over. Those orders come from the White House. Get in. - Are you arresting me, charging me? - No. We have orders to place you in custody to protect our operation. Don't make this harder than it is. (dials phone) (phone rings) - O'Brian. - Chloe, it's Jack. - Jack, Nadia said you were in custody. - Why is CTU handing Josh to my father? It's a trade-off. The order came from the vice president. Your father got ahold of the FB-sub-circuit board. He's offering it in exchange for Josh and a safe passage. Whatever he said, he has no intention of giving up that board. The White House feels they have no alternative. Doyle has a plan to get Josh back. My father will have a better plan. Dammit, Chloe, we need to stop this. - Put me through to Karen Hayes. - Hold on. My earlier deception... was a desperate move on my part, Mr President. It was a mistake which I'm sure compromised... your trust in me, and for that I'm deeply sorry. But you are not calling simply to offer your apology. Sir, I'm aware that your generals are pushing you toward a military response, but an opportunity has presented itself that may allow us both to avoid a war that neither of us wants. - I'm listening. - The man with the component no longer works with the Chinese. He's offered to trade it back to us and... I've authorised the exchange. For the sake of both our countries, I hope it happens soon, because until you have the component I have no choice but to continue on our present path. The chatter we are picking up from Chinese intelligence is not encouraging, and they are far from incompetent. I cannot extend or rescind this deadline for anything other than concrete results. I understand your position. The purpose of this call is to keep you current on our efforts to try to avoid a conflict. - Karen Hayes. - This is Bauer. Do you know of the plan to hand my nephew to my father? - I do. - Karen, you cannot let this happen. It is a mistake to trust him. You will get nothing back. - He's gonna keep Josh and the board. - Why would he need the board? Because it's his leverage with the Chinese. He's useless to them without it. Whatever you offered, the Chinese are offering more. Karen, my father is smart enough to manipulate this exchange. I don't think we should go through with this, but the vice president feels it's the only way to avoid war. He's given his order. I don't have the authority to do anything. You're gonna have to take care of this. I can't. CTU has put me in temporary custody to stop me from interfering with their operation. Karen, he is an innocent boy. You need to stop this and you need to stop it now. Well, that did not go well - not that I expected much goodwill from Suvarov. - I just got off the phone with Jack Bauer. - I thought he was under arrest. - He is, but he called me. - OK, he called you. Yes, and he's convinced that his father will try to get the boy and the circuit board. How? We can verify the authenticity of the board before we hand over Josh. - Do you think Jack's concerns are warranted? - Absolutely. He's Phillip Bauer's son. He's been more right than we have. Well, point taken there. All right, let's say we refuse to give up Josh, which is the only thing Phillip Bauer seems to want, how do we get the board? Well, if you don't have any ideas, I think I might. If it involves keeping Daniels in the dark... Tom, he won't listen to me, but if you... My relationship with the vice president is complicated at best. I can't be seen making an end run around him. But I promise I won't be looking your way if you do. (phone rings) Hey. Hey. That's personal. Nothing you need in there. Mr Buchanan, our subpoena covers everything. Sorry. It's a family album, for crying out loud. You haven't been charged with any crimes yet, but that could change. (phone rings) Buchanan residence. Please leave a message. Bill, I know you're there. Please pick up. Look, I know you don't wanna talk to me, but... I really need your help. I don't know where else to turn. What do you mean? Are you OK? No, I'm fine. I just... I really need your help. - I'm listening. - Thank you. - I know that you're angry with me. - What do you need from me, Karen? I just got off the phone with Jack. - He's being held in custody by CTU. - Why? Because they don't want him to interfere with an operation. What operation? - Phillip Bauer has the component. - What? He claims he'll trade the sub-circuit board for his grandson, but Jack thinks it's a setup, that Phillip will get the boy, keep the component, and make a deal with the Chinese. - And I completely agree. - Have you spoken to Nadia Yassir? Oh, she won't budge on this thing. She's under direct orders from the vice president. What are you asking me to do, Karen? Whatever it takes to stop the exchange. Nadia, we just touched down at the meeting point. I'm not seeing any activity. Surveillance confirms that. - How's the signal on Josh's tracker? - Coming in clear. The tracker signal's strong. You wait here. I'm gonna check it out. Come on. (phone rings) CTU, I've got a call coming in. It could be him. - Can you trace the call? - We're patched into Doyle's phone, so we'll be able to listen to the conversation. - All right, Mike, go ahead, answer it. - This is Doyle. Before we do anything, I want CTU to turn off the satellite feed. What are you talking about? I have an uplink. I know when they're watching, and I know when they're off line. Stand by. Nadia, can we tell if he's bluffing? He's not bluffing. He's absolutely in our system. - How? - I don't know. Mike, Phillip Bauer has tapped into our satellite surveillance. - Can he see Josh's tracker signal? - No, that's on an internal network. All right, go off line. Tell the LAPD and the TAC teams to keep a wide perimeter outside the satellite area. We can't afford to spook him. Morris, shut down the satellite. Marcy, let LAPD and our teams know. - It's done. - Mike, satellite is off line. - Mr Bauer, CTU satellite is off line. - I can see that. Now get rid of the chopper. Aerial One, return to base. That's an order. - Now how do you wanna work the exchange? - Wait there. Someone will come. - When? - Whenever I'm damn well ready. Put my grandson on the phone. Your grandfather wants to speak with you. But don't fight him, Josh. OK? The easier he thinks this is gonna go, the less on guard he's gonna be. - Yeah. - Hello, Joshua. Have you thought about what we talked about? Yes, and I don't wanna go anywhere with you. I hate you. Joshua, listen to me. I understand you're frightened and angry, but your father's involvement in what happened today will be public knowledge. Staying in this country is not an option. There's nothing here. - My mom's here. - Your mother can join you at any time, but she is incapable of giving you what you need. Where we're going, I will have the means and the power to help you become the kind of man your father should have been. Now you think about that. The boy's in position. You can go get him now. No sign of anyone so far. We're trying to get coverage without Phillip Bauer knowing, but he's covered all bases. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me. How do I know the component's real once they hand it over? Chloe? The component has an R-72 socket on its underside. When you plug your PDA into that, I'll be able to verify the circuitry from here. Good. Once I know the component's real, if I see a chance to get the kid back, I'll take it. No. I wanna see Josh safe too, but we're under strict orders from the White House. We're not authorised to retrieve him until the board is at CTU. - I'm not talking about authorisation. - Well, I am. Mike, there's too much at stake. You're not going off book on this, understood? Mike, do you confirm? - Nadia, I have Karen Hayes on two. - Put it through to my cellphone. Mike, you're on comm with Chloe and Morris. Yeah, I'll keep 'em posted. Yes. The vice president would like to check on the status of the trade with Phillip Bauer. The agent is in position with the boy. He's waiting to be contacted. I did tell the White House that I would report in. Yes, I know, but I just wanted to make sure that everyone's on board - that no one has any doubts that this is the right course of action. The order is not being questioned. What's the status of Jack Bauer? He's being transferred to Detention at District. Good, I need to be able to view the operation on your internal deployment grid. - Do you mind me asking why? - Yes, actually, I do. The vice president wants me to keep track of Jack Bauer, so I need the security code. Right away. Log onto the grid on nine-four. Security code Alpha-Charlie-November. Got it. Thank you. I got a call from security. Head over to the lounge. - Why? What's the problem? - Marilyn Bauer. I'm not a prisoner, so stop treating me like one. I wanna see my son. I wanna see him now! And if you can't tell me where he is, I will find somebody who can! Get out of my way. Get out of my way! Listen, Mrs Bauer, if you'd calm down, we can talk... - Did something happen? Did he get hurt? - No. Josh is fine. They wanna debrief him while events are still fresh in his mind. You have no right to talk to my son. He needs to have a parent present. - I wanna be with my son. - I understand... No! You have no idea what I'm going through. And if you don't get me to him now, I'm gonna get our lawyers and I will take this whole place down, including you! Ma'am. - (phone rings) - O'Brian. I need you to send additional security to the lounge area to escort Mrs Bauer to Holding. I want my son! You can't keep me here! They're on their way. Can I have two additional security to the lounge to escort Marilyn Bauer to Holding? Thank you. What? It doesn't bother you? What if we don't get Josh back? Phillip Bauer is a murderer. I don't like it, I hate it, but we have our orders. - Since when do you care about orders? - We're trying to avoid starting a war. Speaking as someone that placed a lot of people's lives at risk, I can see why it's necessary, yes. Jack thinks his father has no intention of giving us the component. I don't think we can count on Jack being objective about his father right now. Who cares, if he's right? Are you angry at me as if I'm the one that made the decision to go through with this? No, I... It's just that Josh didn't do anything. He's innocent. Chloe, keep a close eye on Josh's tracker. If that signal weakens, I wanna know. I will. - CTU, this is Doyle. - You're on with O'Brian. Helicopter approaching out of the north. It's too far to read its markings. - Do you think it might be Bauer? - I don't know, that's why I'm asking you. All right, no need to get testy. Pulling up the FAA database now. The coastguard has a patrol west of your position. It's not Bauer. - All right, thanks. - Doyle? - Yeah? - A lot of people disagree with this operation. I just want you to know that what you're doing, I think, is absolutely necessary. Morris, the next time I want your opinion, I'll ask for it. Fair enough. - (car horn blares) - What's this lunatic doing? What the hell? Don't move. Get your handcuffs out. Do it. Mr Buchanan? - What are you doing? - Do you have Jack Bauer? We have orders to transport him to Detention. - I need you to release him. - You've been relieved of duty. I'm no threat to anyone. I'm not even armed. - Stay where you are. - You won't shoot me. - Stop coming. You know what I'll have to do. - You don't have to do anything. You're a good man. I trained you. I know you can't possibly believe what's happening here is right. You're following orders, but your oath of allegiance is not to one single person. You swore to uphold the Constitution. The orders you're following are illegal. You have an opportunity here, Turner. Don't blow it. Agent Turner, put the weapon down. Put it down. - Did they hand Josh over to my father? - Doyle's in position, awaiting instructions. OK. Let's go. - Did Karen explain everything to you? - Yeah. - Thank you for doing this. - You don't have to thank me. You put yourself on the line. I appreciate it. Let's just hope you're right about your father. Unfortunately, I am. (man) Sir, if you'll just wait here. Thank you. Oh, Stuart. Morris, find out who that is. I'm so sorry. I don't believe we've met. Morris O'Brian. This is Stuart, Milo's brother. Oh, I'm so very sorry, very sorry. I have to sign a release for his body. - I'll help you with the paperwork. Come on. - Thanks, Chloe. He was a good man. It was Milo's brother, Stuart. (phone rings) - Hi, Karen. - Hi. - I've got Jack. We're on our way. - I just... I wanted to thank you. You didn't have to do this. You made a big sacrifice. I'm not the only one. It won't be long before they figure out how I located Jack. Yeah, well, they already have. I've just been denied access. They're probably on their way to arrest me. I don't when they'll let us speak to each other again, so I just want you to know that I'm so sorry, and I love you very much. Me too. - (man) Ms Hayes? - They're here. Good luck. (sighs) They're about to arrest Karen. Hi. Stuart? - Yeah. - I'm Nadia Yassir, acting head of CTU. I don't have much time. I just wanted to meet you and tell you how sorry I am. I know your name. My brother talked about you. I'd like to know how he died. Your brother died saving my life. He saw that I was in danger, and he stood up and sacrificed himself. He was very brave. No, he wasn't, not really. It's more that he was really in love with you. (phone rings) Excuse me, I'll be right back. Chloe, go ahead. Local police found Agents Ryan and Turner handcuffed to their vehicle. - Jack escaped? How? - They were intercepted by Bill Buchanan. - Are you sure? - Positive. Why would Bill do something like that? He probably agrees with Jack that we shouldn't be trusting his father, regardless of what the orders are. Have TAC teams in the area move to intercept them. They're already doing that. I'm sorry, I had to, uh... Mr Doyle? Yeah? Listen, please don't do this. OK? My grandpa's crazy. Can't you please just let me go? Josh... your country needs you to do this. I'll get you back, Josh. I give you my word. - Doyle, this is Nadia. Do you copy? - Go ahead, Nadia. - Any sign of Phillip Bauer yet? - None yet. Jack escaped. We have to assume he's on his way to you to try and stop the exchange. How the hell does he know where we are? Karen told him, and gave him your location. - Bill Buchanan helped him escape. - Dammit! - I've got TAC teams ready to move in. - We can't bring more men in. - Phillip Bauer will spot them and pull out. - Then you'll have to face him alone. I'll be fine. Is my uncle coming? Yeah. - Excuse us, please. - Yes, sir. - You know why I ordered your detention. - I do. Then you admit to using information you got from CTU to assist Bill Buchanan in breaking Jack Bauer out of custody? Yes, I do, sir. Karen, you and I have had our differences, but I thought that we'd worked past them, that you and I had finally reached an understanding. Clearly, I was mistaken. What in the hell were you thinking? I learned a hard lesson today, sir, when I trusted Fayed. - What lesson was that? - Never negotiate with a sociopath. Phillip Bauer is a sociopath. We can't trust he'll give us the component, whether we give him the boy or not. Dammit, Karen, that is not your call to make! I understand. I wouldn't have done what I did if I wasn't willing to accept the consequences. Oh, believe me, there will be consequences. I will make sure that you and your husband go down hard for this. Tom Lennox said your different point of view would be an asset to my team, and I believed him. Was he in on this with you? No, sir. He didn't know anything about this. Karen... if Jack Bauer prevents this exchange from happening, the Russians will attack our forces in central Asia. Any blood that is spilt will be on you. (phone rings) - CTU, I've got an incoming call. - (Nadia) We're monitoring. Go ahead. - Yeah? - Take Josh and walk toward the water. We're on our way. - Nadia, did you get that? - Yes. Agent Doyle, be careful. We need to go, Josh. Come on. The tracker shows them moving towards the water. Chloe? Chloe. - Are you all right? You look a little pale. - I'm fine. I'm just tired. (engine whirs) - You hear that? - Yeah. - (Nadia) Mike, what do you have? - Two men in a watercraft coming ashore. We're taking cover. Stay here. Do you understand? Don't move. Stop right there! - Send the kid down now. - Show the sub-circuit board first. I need to verify it. Walk forward. Place it down. Back up. Mike! Mike, report in! (man) Come on! There they are. They've got Josh. I don't have a clear shot without putting Josh at risk! Get down! - Doyle, we're gonna get you help. - (moans) The component was a fake. - It blew! - It's OK, Agent Doyle, help's on the way. Everything's gonna be OK. - Mr Bauer? - Yeah. We got the boy. - Be sure to scan him. I don't trust CTU. - Yes, sir. - (rapid beeping) - They tagged him. Short it out. It's done. - We lost the tracker. - Try the backup. - I did. It's gone. - Get that satellite back up. - I'm doing it. - (phone rings) - CTU. Reynolds. - Bauer. Patch me through to Nadia. - I've got Jack Bauer on the line. - Put it on speakerphone. - Jack, this is Nadia. Go ahead. - I'm at the beach. The component was a copy. The case was loaded with explosives. They detonated it. Doyle is badly injured. We need a trauma team. I'm on it. Aerial One, return to the drop-off point. Two of my father's men and Josh headed out to sea in a small boat. They just disabled Josh's tracker. We shut down the satellite, so it's gonna take us a few minutes to get it back up. - How long will it take for reinforcements? - TAC teams are five minutes out. Jack... how bad is Agent Doyle? Bad. We need that trauma team. Hurry. (groans) Sir, Melinda said you read the flash regarding CTU's attempt to make the exchange. They're trying to track the watercraft Phillip Bauer's men used. They've had no success yet. Suvarov is expecting my call to confirm that we have retrieved the component. Well, my advice is give CTU a few more minutes before we call the Russians. We could still get lucky on this. Karen was right. Yes, sir. She certainly was. And I was wrong. Notjust about Karen, but about Wayne Palmer. I judged his performance as president unfairly. What he... faced these past weeks was an impossible situation. Maybe he was right to reach out to Assad. I don't know any more. You know, Tom, it's easy to think you've got all the answers, when none of the ultimate responsibility lies with you, but... sitting in this chair... Until you sit in this chair, you don't know anything. You can't know. Sir... in lieu of the fact that Karen was right, you might wanna reconsider your punitive stance towards her. My decision was wrong, but I can't condone insubordination. Sir, you do not want the facts of your disagreement with Karen made public, and that's exactly what will happen if you prosecute her. And after this crisis has passed, Karen Hayes and Bill Buchanan can retire quietly to their country home in Vermont. You will be honouring her service. It's just a better outcome all around. I'll consider your advice, but right now I need a real-time update on CTU's progress. All right, sir. (sighs) It's Jack. The trauma team say his injuries aren't life-threatening, but he's gonna be blind in one, if not both, eyes. - I should've listened. - You did what you thought was right. - Is satellite back up yet? - Any minute. But it'll be next to impossible to find a craft that size. Their boat had limited range. They must be meeting up with a larger vessel. (Nadia) Jack? Get me the names and locations of every offshore oil platform within a ten-mile radius. Why? My father's company, BXJ, has shelter corporations. They own oil leases up and down the coast. He didn't pick this location at random. - I'm on it. - I'll let you know what we find. Thanks. - Are you still in the clear? - Yes, sir. Good. Dock on the northeast side of the platform. Copy that. - They'll bring the boy here? - Yeah. - When do I get my component? - You get it when they deliver the boy. Good. You're making the right choice continuing to work with us. Your mistakes have been totally unacceptable... but China is still my future. Morris, no luck tracing the oil leases through the CNC servers. Check the EPA database. Coastal leases have to have regulatory approval. Good idea. Nadia will call in an access code. - All right. - Nadia... - Are you OK? - Yeah, I'm fine. Chloe. Chloe. Chloe, darling? Are you all right? Can someone please help me?