weapon heading toward my country. That's correct, Mr Ambassador. We've made good on our threat. We have identified a general in central command, Mohmar Habib, who has been in contact with Fayed. He's been helping orchestrate attacks. I really hope protecting this man was worth pushing us to the brink of World War III. I've never found pharmaceutical torture that effective. I have. If this is supposed to frighten me, you're wasting your time. I won't tell you a thing. (honks horn) Watch out! (Buchanan) We staged a fake rescue by CTU agents posing as members of a terrorist cell with loyalties to Habib. He wants us to help you rendezvous. Where do you want us to take you? If you take your orders from Habib, as I do, how is it I've never heard of you? - Fayed's gone. - Jamal's alive. Stay with him. Call a medic. On it. CTU, the bombs are secure. - Hello? - (Audrey) Jack... Are you there? - Can you hear me? - Audrey. Help me, Jack. Hello, Mr Bauer. Yes, Miss Raines is alive. If you wish her to remain that way, call me back in ten minutes. If you make any attempt to find our location, she dies. Cheng? Agent Bauer, you really do need to get to a hospital, but I understand the circumstances. At least this will help you with the pain. Thank you. Hey, Jack. The marines will secure the nukes for transport. They're calling the shots. Military's taking over? Yeah, according to a presidential order. I guess DOD doesn't want CTU in charge. Buchanan wants you to call as soon as the nukes are ready. - Can you handle that for me? - Sure. Jack? What? I know you've been through hell the last couple of years, and I wanted to thank you for what you did today, cos it could've ended a hell of a lot worse, and it would have if you weren't here. I appreciate that. Excuse me. (phone rings) - Yes? - This is Bauer. Let me speak to Audrey. - You've already spoken to her. - I wanna make sure she's all right. Her wellbeing is entirely up to you, Mr Bauer. Everyone has given up on you, everyone - except for Miss Raines. Over the objections of your government, her family, her friends, she came to Beijing just to find you. Since you proved to be an uncooperative prisoner, we felt she would be an asset we might be able to exploit one day, and that day is here. I'll hand myself over to you. Tell me where. A man who won't break is of no use to us. But the Russian suitcase nukes you captured... Why? Your country has the technology to build those weapons. It's not the weapons we're interested in. What we want is the component from the triggering mechanism. It contains prototype algorithm old enough to be free of any modern decryption safeguards. With it, we'll have access to virtually all Russian defence technology. It's a simple exchange. You give me the component, I give you Audrey. If you refuse, I'll kill her. The Russians will know that we supplied you. - You would be starting World War III. - I suggest we leave that to the diplomats. Even if I wanted to, the bombs are under military control. - I couldn't get anywhere near them. - You'll find a way. If I'm gonna agree to this, I wanna speak to Audrey now. Very well. Speak to him. - Jack. - Audrey, are you all right? Did they hurt you? No. Jack, I... I'm sorry. You have nothing to be sorry for. The only thing that's important is that you're alive. I know what they're asking for. I can handle it. I promise you I'm gonna get you outta there. Just don't be frightened. You have an hour to call this number to make the exchange. An hour's not gonna give me enough time. Cheng? Cheng? (man) Go ahead and move it all the way back. You know, you really should work from Medical, sir. Come on. At least they can monitor you. I'm fine, Tom. I... I don't think that you are, sir. And neither does Doctor Weldon. Putting myself under supervision might give the vice president a pretext to try and take a run at my job. You don't need to worry about that, sir. What exactly do you have on Vice President Daniels? I have the truth, sir. Now is the time that I need to know what that is. It is a tape recording of Vice President Daniels conspiring with Lisa Miller to commit perjury at your competency hearing. I'd love to hear that as soon as possible. Mr President, Tom, I have good news. CTU has recovered the two remaining suitcase nukes. - When? - Just a few minutes ago. I just got off the phone with Bill. He'll brief you when you're ready. - What about Fayed? - He and his men were killed in the assault. - Then it's over? - Well, it certainly seems so, sir. Congratulations. The American people should know, and I wanna tell them that we're no longer at risk. I'll get the press corps down. No, no, Karen. We're gonna do this from upstairs. In the press room. Shouldn't we wait for clearance? No, Tom. There's no need for any of us to be hiding underground for a minute longer. Inform Secret Service that we'll be leaving the bunker and returning to the Oval Office. (Karen) Yes, sir. Morris is coordinating with the Marines Technical Escort Unit to transfer the bombs to a NEST facility. Now that they've taken custody, I'd like you all to submit your briefings - to the respective department heads. - (phone vibrates) I'd like to share my pride in the work that you've all done. We were hit hard... but not one of you gave up. You've done excellent work today. Work that... - O'Brian. - Hey. It's me. - Jack, you did it. - Chloe, listen to me. I need your help. Can it wait? We're transferring bombs and doing cleanup. - No, it can't. - What is it? - Chloe, Audrey's still alive. - No, she's not. She is. I talked to her. The Chinese faked her car accident. They've been holding her a prisoner since she was in Beijing trying to find me. Oh, my God. We have to tell Mr Buchanan. He'll never go along with it. "Go along" with what? The Chinese wanna exchange Audrey for an FB-sub-circuit board. It'll give them complete access to Russian defence technology. I want you to help me retrieve one of those circuit boards. Jack, we both know that if we do this, it will create an international situation bigtime. Chloe, I know. I promise I will do whatever I have to to stop the Chinese from getting that board, but I need you to get schematics for the bombs. Those files aren't on my system. They were reclassified when DOD took possession of the nuke. Figure it out. Without those schematics, I won't know what I'm looking for. I understand, but I don't know how I can do this. Chloe, Audrey's life is at stake. Think. Wait. Morris. He had to file a report with DOD about the work he did on the nukes. It contained a revised schematic. It might still be on his hard drive. - Can you access it? - Only from his terminal. Chloe, please, do it. - Where should I send it? - The phone I'm calling you from. Use a secure line. Alpha 539. Hold on... It's here. The file's coming up. I'm sending it to your screen. Stand by. Copy that. - Chloe, I don't see anything. - It needs to load before it sends. There's still 30°/° to go. Dammit. What? - Morris is coming back. - Hurry. There's nothing I can do. I need to log out. He's here. No, Chloe, wait. - Jack... - Come on... I got it. - (intercom beeps) - Yes? (woman) Mr President, Vice President Daniels is here. - Send him in. - Yes, sir. Noah. Please sit. Listen, I, uh... I wanna begin by expressing my gratitude to you... for a lesson well learned. I'm not sure what you mean, Mr President. I believe attacking Fayed's country with a nuclear weapon would have been a serious mistake. I'm not going to lie to you about that. But if you hadn't have put that option on the table in the first place, I never would have gone as far as I did, and the bombs might still be out there. That being said, I think we would both agree that our relationship has always been a marriage of convenience, a way to strengthen the ticket rather than a case of seeing eye to eye on pretty much anything. And now that it's over, this crisis, it's become clear to me, Noah, that I just don't think it's possible for us to work together any more. Excuse me? I'm asking for your resignation. How dare you? You don't have the right to ask for my resignation. This isn't about what the constitution says, Noah. It's about what's best for the country in crisis. And how do you figure that? I can't lead effectively with you undermining me at every single opportunity that you may get. And let's be honest with each other, that's exactly what you would do if you stayed in place. Mr President... I refuse. Good night. You don't wanna walk out that door, not like this. Otherwise, I may have to make this extremely unpleasant for you. - What are you talking about? - The recording that Tom Lennox has in his possession, that's what I'm talking about. Conspiracy to commit perjury? That's a serious offence. I have to assume you'd rather resign than spend the rest of your life living with that kind of humiliation. So is resorting to blackmail your idea of effective leadership? If I've learned anything from you, it would be that sometimes it's necessary to apply a little brute force. I don't need your resignation immediately. Let's give the country a chance to take a breath after what happened today. Sometime in the next week will be just fine, Mr Vice President. NEST wants a path cleared to Edwards, 20 miles in each direction. Could you get back to me with confirmation? Thank you. ETA on the helicopter is 15 minutes. Distribute protocols to the NEST team. - I'm on that. - (computer beeps) - That's odd. - What? I think someone's hacked into my system. - Are you sure? - Yes, I'm sure. I installed a logging program to track any unauthorised access to my hard drive. You did? It's telling me that someone accessed my files ten minutes ago and downloaded the updated schematics to those suitcase nukes. - I'm calling security. - Wait, don't call security. I'm the one who hacked into your system. Why would you do that? I'll explain it to you in a little while. Explain it to me now. I did it for Jack. Audrey Raines is still alive. - The Chinese are holding her hostage. - What? They'll kill her unless Jack delivers a sub-circuit board from one of the bombs to them. You've been to all the same briefings. The Russians have kept that out of Chinese hands for years. I know. What are the Russians gonna say when they find out we gave it to them? It's not gonna get that far. How in the world do you know it's not gonna get that far?! Because Jack gave me his word. I'm sorry, darling, but I can't leave it at that. Yes, you can. The bombs I reprogrammed could have killed tens of thousands. - But that didn't happen. - I could have been responsible for each and every one of their deaths. I can't be involved with something that could easily end up starting a war. It's not gonna start a war, because it's not gonna get that far. This has nothing to do with you. I did it. Yes, it does. Now that you've told me, it does. - You have to tell Buchanan. - I can't. - Then you're forcing me to. - No. - I'm gonna do it. I'm doing it. - No! Morris! I'll tell him. Reinforcements aren't necessary at this point. The military is guarding the bombs with a CTU SWAT team standing by. - They'll be en route soon. - (man) Very good, sir. I'll notify everyone. All right, thank you. What is it, Chloe? Mr Buchanan... I'm sorry. There... there's something that you need to know. - You two come with me. - This area is off limits. I'm Agent Bauer. I was responsible for securing these nukes. I'm under a presidential order to remove the FB circuit board and transfer it back to CTU for analysis. We don't have much time. Open the gate. Sir, no one is allowed in here. Are you countermanding a presidential order? How dare you? Now you're wasting my time. What's your name? What's your name?! I want your name too! Now! That's not necessary. O... open the gate. Open the gate! I want both of you to stand guard while I remove the circuit board. Come on. - Stand down, Jack! - I can't do that. - I won't say it again. Drop it! - Agent Doyle, I am following orders... - Take him out! Take him out! - Put your weapon down or I'll shoot! Now! Secure him. He's under arrest. - Doyle, please, just listen to me. - Bill, we got Jack. - What'd he say? - Not much. I had to subdue him. - Let me talk to him. - Hold on. - Buchanan wants to talk to you. - Bill. Chloe told me about Audrey and the Chinese. I can't let you give them the component. I'm not going to. I only need to have it long enough for them to let her go. I was never gonna let the Chinese keep it. Whatever you have planned, I can't let you do it. Bill, please. Right now we're the only chance she's got. I understand what Audrey means to you. I promise I will do everything to get her back. You didn't even know she was alive. Cheng is gonna make it impossible for us to ever find her again. We are her only hope, and you know it. I don't know what to tell you. Let Doyle bring you back here and we'll work out a game plan. Will you let me make one more call? I'm asking you as a friend. Who do you wanna talk to? President Wayne Palmer. (sighs) I'll see if I can reach him. Let me talk to Doyle. Yeah. He wants to talk to you. - Doyle. - Keep Jack in custody. I'll call the president. - I'll route the call through your cell. - Yes, sir, I understand. Get him up. (woman on TV) Sources confirm that terrorist leader Abu Fayed is dead. The president has recovered from injuries sustained from the attempt on his life, and he is expected to... - (intercom buzzes) - Yes? - (woman) Jack Bauer on the line. - Put him through, please. (phone rings) - Go ahead. - Please hold for the president. It's the president. Excuse me. - Mr President. - Yes. Jack. Congratulations. Is everything all right? Yes, sir, the bombs are secure. I'm calling because I want you to authorise a field operation. - For what purpose? - To save Audrey Raines. - What? - Mr President, she's still alive. The Chinese have been holding her, and are using her as a bargaining chip. - In exchange for what? - For an FB-sub-circuit board from a nuke. They say they'll release Audrey unharmed if I bring it to them. Jack, that component holds the key to Russian defence codes. - Yes, sir, I'm aware of that. - I'm sympathetic, I am. I will make available to you the full resources of this country to get Audrey back, but I hope you don't expect me to authorise this exchange. - Not exactly. - Then what exactly? I need the Chinese to believe that I am willing to go through with this exchange. I need to have the component on me. They'll need to see it. As soon as I know Audrey is free, I will destroy it. And how can you guarantee that? I'm asking you to trust me, Mr President. I give you my word that that component will not end up in Chinese hands. But if it does, the Russians may take action against us for allowing it to happen. Under most circumstances, your word would be sufficient. But in this case, Jack, I need to know details. If I have to, I will destroy that circuit board with a concealed charge of C4. An explosion of C4 would take out anything within 30 feet of it... - You're gonna sacrifice yourself? - Yes, sir, if I have to. - Jack. - Mr President, please. Please, I am begging you. Audrey Raines was willing to give up her life to save mine. I cannot and will not do anything less for her. You're asking me to sign off on a suicide mission. With all due respect, 16 hours ago your people were willing to hand me over for dead, and I did not hesitate. Mr President... you owe me. And you're sure this is the only way? Yes. All right, then. I will not fail you, Mr President. I'll tell Bill to give you whatever you need. Now, I'm gonna need confirmation that circuit board's been destroyed. I'll have CTU embed a tracking device in the board. You'll have your confirmation. - Good luck, Jack. - Thank you, Mr President. - (woman) Yes, sir? - Let me speak with Bill. Right away. (Buchanan) That's the way it is. You've got your orders. Let me know how Jack wants to proceed. Yes, sir. I understand. Get over here. What did he say? He said the president signed off on this, and to give you whatever help you needed. I'm gonna need someone to help me with Audrey's extraction. I want that to be you. Fine. Where are you gonna be? The name of the Chinese agent that's holding Audrey is Cheng Zhi. He's responsible for my interrogation and torture for two years in that prison. As soon as I get the signal that Audrey is safe, two things will happen. I'll destroy that circuit board, and Cheng Zhi isn't gonna make it outta here alive. So in answer to your question, where am I gonna be... Wherever I have to. Let's go. Are you gonna tell me what happened? The president agreed to Jack's plan. The president's gonna allow Jack to hand a defence algorithm to the Chinese? Of course not. Jack'll destroy the component as soon as he knows Audrey's safe. The Chinese will never get it. And how is he gonna manage that? I don't know. I guess President Palmer trusts him. Telling Buchanan was the right thing to do. You know it was. It doesn't matter. You should have trusted me. Trusted you? You're the one that broke into my system. Because I didn't think you'd back me up. I was right. So you're gonna hold this over my head now, are you? Yeah, for a long time. For how long? Could you give me an estimate? I'll get back to you. Nadia, Doyle's on line three. Ready to lock in on the tracking frequency. - This is Nadia. - It's me. The tracker's online. The frequency mark is alpha-1793. - The signal's good. You're on the grid. - Copy. Jack and I are getting ready to move. - (phone rings) - Yes? (Jack) I have the board. Where am I going? Get on the 180 and head north. Get off the first exit after mile-marker 49. I'll give further instructions when you've exited. - I got it. - You have half an hour. You know what would happen if you're late. I understand. CTU has the signal. They're monitoring the device. We're set. Let's go. You're taking a risk. If this goes sour, it could start a firestorm. And for what? - You wouldn't do the same thing? - I don't mix relationships with my job. Whatever you had with this woman, I hope it's worth it. This isn't about what I had with a woman. Her name is Audrey Raines. She served this country with honour. We owe her. So get in the truck. (knock at door) Come in. You wanted to see me? Close the door. The president has just... asked me to resign. - What? - And I am going to comply with his request. I wanted to tell you personally before you found out from someone else. I don't understand. Why go along with this? Why don't you just tell him that you refuse? He has a tape of our conversation, the one where we conspired to commit perjury, and he's threatening to use it against me unless I step down. - Oh, my God. - Tom Lennox recorded it. Bottom line is, I'm not... being given a choice here. This is all my fault. If I hadn't asked you to lie, none of this would be happening. You were trying to protect me. I could have turned you down. Don't... blame yourself. Noah... I'm so sorry. I don't know what to say. Ah, hell... at least we'll have a lot more time to spend together. The president said it would take a week. But I want this... letter of resignation in his hands by the time he finishes his press conference. I am through being the loyal opposition. (woman) Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States. Please sit. First, I wanna say that I am grateful to report that Abu Fayed, the man responsible for these attacks, has been killed, and that all nuclear devices have been recovered. I want to acknowledge the brave men and women in our various law-enforcement agencies, and let us not forget our armed services. All these people have worked so hard to bring this crisis to an end. Their dedication, their perseverance, is without equal. Despite the brutality of these attacks, we did not allow the violence, borne of extremism, to push us to extremes. And as Americans, we can and should take pride and comfort in that fact. Let me, uh, conclude by asking for your prayers tonight, for all those who grieve this day, for all those whose lives have been shattered. Let us reach out and begin rebuilding. Let us reach out and begin the process of national healing. Thank you. I'll take some of your questions now. Yes. Lan. Mr President, how certain are you that the crisis is over, and there are no more weapons on our soil? Based on the intelligence, I can say with full confidence that the worst has passed and the individuals responsible for these attacks have been apprehended or else killed. Yes, Andrea. Robin, sir. Robin, yes. Robin. I'm sorry. It's been a very long day. Please, go ahead. Mr President, there are several thousand Muslim Americans being held in detention facilities across the country. What will happen to these people? I've already directed Homeland Security to begin dismantling these detention facilities. All detainees are to be released once the immediate crisis has passed. Excuse me... Um, now that the crisis has passed, we will be, uh, we will be reviewing the, uh, situation regarding individuals that we have in custody. I'm sorry. I'm not being very clear. Uh, let me say again regarding your question, Andrea, that, uh... Robin. I'm sorry. Robin. Let me say again regarding... regarding your question that the, uh... the, uh... detention facilities... ...that... that... that we will... (stutters incoherently) We're going to... (groans) (woman) Call Medical right away. (confused chatter) (man) Ladies and gentlemen, we need to clear this room. Please exit by the south door. All signs indicate the president has suffered a cerebral haemorrhage brought on by injuries he sustained earlier. Meaning he shouldn't have been brought out of the coma. However detrimental that decision was to him, I'm confident that, in light of his actions today, he would continue to support it. I'm glad you're so confident, Karen, since it was your reckless action that resulted in his stroke. It's unclear if the stroke was inevitable, but in any event, I'll take responsibility. Excuse me. Now is not the time for recriminations, self-imposed or otherwise. When will we know the extent of the damage and the prospects for recovery? After the MRI. He's being prepped for transport to Bethesda as we speak. Based on my impressions, the damage was severe. We can't expect the president to regain consciousness any time soon. So it is incontestable. Wayne Palmer won't be able to continue as Commander in Chief. There's no denying that this is a great tragedy for the nation and... for those of us who know the president personally. - Just take care of him, Doctor. - Of course. Excuse me. Notify the Senate. Have the SecDef and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs authorise me under the 25th Amendment. Yes, sir. Tom, have the press secretary issue a statement. President Palmer's been... incapacitated. No need for alarm. Executive authority's been transferred to me. Our... hopes and prayers are with him. All right, sir. And I'll also need you available to review everything on the president's agenda. All right, sir. There's something on the agenda you'll want immediate clarification on. What's that? Wayne Palmerjust issued a finding allowing Jack Bauer to hand Russian technology over to the Chinese in exchange for the return of a covertly held hostage. - Can you explain this? - Yes, that was a personal request from Bauer. They have a long-standing relationship. As Jack Bauer was responsible for recovering the suitcase nukes today, the president wanted to honour his service. Karen, I asked you to explain it, not excuse it. Understood. Bauer has guaranteed that the technology will not fall into the hands of the Chinese. It will only be used to secure the hostage. Incidentally, sir, the hostage is Audrey Raines, daughter of James Heller. Even Jack Bauer can't guarantee that outcome. Now, I am happy to honour Agent Bauer's service to this country, but not at the risk of giving classified technology to the Chinese, and potentially damaging our relationship with Russia in the process. You tell CTU to stop Bauer immediately. Sir, the president expressly... That's all for now, Karen. You too, Tom. Unbelievable! Less than a minute behind his desk, and he's disregarding the president's wishes. But we both share Daniels' unease at handing military secrets over to the Chinese. I know, Tom, but that is not the point. No, here's the point. Daniels is now the acting president, whether we like it or not. I'm off to the hospital. I'll see you there. (phone rings) - Buchanan. - Hi, it's me. - How's President Palmer? - Not good. The doctor says that he has a haemorrhage. They don't know the extent of the damage, but obviously he's not able to serve. Daniels is going to assume the office. And the first wave of his hand, he wants to stop Jack's operation. Jack has to return to CTU as soon as possible with the component. Does he understand the circumstances under which Palmer agreed to it? No, he's not that kind of a man. He doesn't operate in shades of grey. Jack won't give up without a fight. You just have to get Jack back to CTU as soon as possible, OK? OK, I'll take care of it. Listen up. The White House has ordered us to shut down Jack's operation. - How far away are support teams? - Six miles. Have them standing by, ready to move in. Contact CHP. Have them set up roadblocks. Chloe, I want you to stand down on this. - Why? - You've shown me I can't trust you. - Morris, you cover comm. - Jack won't go along with this. I know. (phone rings) - Doyle. - Mike, it's Bill. Can Jack hear you? Yes or no. - Yes. - There's been a change of profile. Noah Daniels is acting president. He wants the operation shut down and Jack brought back to CTU. - Understood. - What's your current location? We're about two miles east of the 180 interchange. OK, I need you to exit at the 70. Make the first left. We'll have a backup team ready to take Jack into custody and recover the component. All right. Disarm Jack as quickly and quietly as possible before he finds out. No problem. (sighs) CTU has got a report from Caltrans. The 180 is closed due to high winds. They're concerned about possible fallout. They want us to take 70 instead. Fine. - Don't you move. - Jack, what's the problem? Earlier today, I shot my own partner, a friend of mine, because he tried to stop me from doing what I have to do. Don't think for a second I won't do that to you. Slowly, I want you to pull over. Now. Take the keys out, put them on the centre consol and give me your phone. Jack, you don't wanna do this. Slowly get out of the truck. Back up towards the fence. Daniels is the acting president. He called this off. - Shut up and grab the fence! - This is gonna end badly, Jack. You can't go against the White House! - (car starts)