We have the identity of the perpetrator. His name is Stephen Saunders and he's a former Ml6 agent. In 32 countries your government employs intelligence consultants. They're spies. In 45 minutes I want a list of their identities. Ifyou fail to comply, I will release two vials of the virus in major cities. - Looks like Saunders has a daughter. - (Jack) A daughter? (Tony) She's 19, goes to school in Santa Barbara. I was just about to have her picked up. T ony, that's not the right play. If you wanna grab her, do it without him knowing. Which means we have to switch her out with one of our own agents. OK, let's see her. You're not gonna fool anyone who knows Jane up close. I know. Clear. You think I'm playing a game? Hundreds of thousands of lives are on the line. You have no idea how far I'm willing to go to acquire your cooperation. - Where is your father? - I don't know! - Could you help me find something? - Yeah. Call for help and I'll kill you. Kim? Dammit! (gunshot) Saunders is gonna know we have his daughter. These quarantine zones were set up an hour ago. Since then two new patients were discovered at an ER in Silver Lake and one at Hancock Park. Those two cases engendered five new quarantine areas. That's three per cent of the city. If containment isn't total, it'll grow exponentially. All right. Thanks, Adam. We're all tired. I know that. And some of you have been working for 24 hours straight. So I don't have to tell you how serious this situation is. But we can't drift. If there ever was a worse-case scenario, this is it. We're in it. Everyone has to stay on point. We've switched from prevention to containment. The virus is out. - You all right? - Yeah, I'm fine. I'm sorry it had to go down like this. The man I shot, is he dead? Yeah. What's gonna happen now? Saunders is gonna know we got Jane. (phone rings) - This is Jack. - The Saunders girl's calmed down. - You can try talking to her again. - Thanks, Rachel. We'll see what we can get from the daughter. - I understand. - You'll tell him? I'll tell him. - I want every precaution taken. - I'll get back to you. - What's going on with Jack Bauer? - The operation wasn't completely successful. They have Saunders' daughter but didn't remain covert. - So Saunders knows we have her? - Not yet. But CTU is estimating he'll find out within the hour. - What's Jack's plan? - Use Saunders' daughter. Try to locate him. David, listen, the deadline for his next demand is gonna be up in about 15 minutes. Giving this guy a list of every foreign operative on our payroll's an act of treason. I know that, but he'll release more of the virus if we don't. So what do you wanna do? I wanna see what Bauer gets out of the daughter first. You know what just happened? A man who your father hired to protect you just tried to kill one of my agents. So you killed him, right? A man that worked for my father. You're a smart girl, Jane. Look out at that room. Everyone here is a federal agent whose job it is to protect the lives of American citizens. I know how hard it must be to believe everything that everybody's been telling you about your father. But I'm gonna show you some things that'll change your mind. The sooner you stop resisting me, the sooner you can help us start saving lives. Why are you putting all this on me? Because you're Stephen Saunders' daughter, and, unfortunately, you're the only leverage we have against him. You can't just say these outrageous things and expect me to believe you. I know. Truth is, I knew your father. I worked with him. He was a good man. He was a brave man. But something's happened to him. All I care about now is stopping him from doing what he's doing. I can't do that without you. I need your help. - Palmer still hasn't sent the list yet. - He has 15 more minutes. CTU is trying to use lP locators to get at you through the domain name. - We're protected, though, right? - Yes, it's a dead end. Good. (Jack) Thank you. I'm gonna show you who your father really is. These photographs were taken over eight years ago. Your father said he was going on a fact-finding mission, but we were both part of a unit dispatched to Kosovo to kill a man named Victor Drazen. This was where the mission ended, Drazen's hide-out. When I left, I believed your father had died in the blast. The government told your mother that's where he died. But recently we discovered that your father contacted you four years ago. Is that right? Yes. A couple of months after my mother died, I got a call from him. He said he was living under an assumed name and that nobody knew he was alive. And, for his protection, I couldn't tell anyone that I had spoken to him. Did he ever tell you why he had contacted you after so many years? Yes. He missed me. I understand that. Over the last three to four hours we've been pulling data from lnterpol. Here are some more recent images. This is your father with Sayid Kolobe, a known weapons dealer in the Middle East. Here he's with a biologist who's now spending the rest of his life in prison for the manufacturing of illegal biological weapons. He could have been meeting with them for any number of reasons. I'll play you an audio file, one of three that we got from your father earlier today. This is your father talking to the president. ..working against those countries at the behest of the American military machine. In 45 minutes I want a list of their identities sent to me by way of a website: sylviaimports.com. If you fail to comply, I will release two vials of the virus in major cities. Two more vials. He's already released one. This is a live feed from the Chandler Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles where your father ordered the release of the virus into the ventilation system. These people will all be dead within two to three hours. Almost 800 of them are infected, Jane. This is how they'll die. - I don't wanna see any more. - I don't wanna see any more, either. You can help us stop this, Jane, please. Please. I have a phone number. He told me to call it, day or night, if I ever got in trouble. Have you ever used it before? No. We need it. No! No! It's a mistake! I'm OK! I don't have any infection! No! Don't take me in there with those people! I don't wanna die! I don't wanna die! Michelle, I just got a call. Your lab results are on the way here. I'm sorry to interrupt, Mr President. What is this, Aaron? Our bureau chief just informed me that NHS believes Los Angeles is no longer safe. We would like to move you out of the state. I appreciate your concern. Tell Chief Kurtzman I'd rather manage matters from here. Sir, I'm afraid this isn't a request. - Excuse me? - Secret Service is invoking Section 32. For your own protection, we are requiring you to accompany us to Air Force One. - You're ordering me? - Yes, sir. - It's for your safety. - Wayne. I don't know the specifics of the code, but Secret Service is invoking it. And, David, here in LA the threat is serious. It's serious everywhere. At least here we know what we're facing. - Who has to sign off on this? - Chief Kurtzman and myself. I'd like a word in private with you, Aaron. Sir, I'm sorry for appearing to overstep my bounds. It's my job to protect you. Listen, Aaron, you've been with me from the beginning. You don't have to apologise for doing your job. But this crisis will end, and the people in this city and this country will be stronger knowing that their president stood by them shoulder to shoulder. I'm asking you as a friend and a fellow citizen, protect me, but here in Los Angeles. Can you do that for me? Yes, sir. For you, I can. - Thank you. - Yes, sir. Mr President, the conference call is about to begin. - (Tony) Jack, you there? - Yeah, I'm on. - Mr President? - Mr Almeida. I understand we may have a way to locate this man, Stephen Saunders. Yes, sir. However, my technical staff just informed me that to do so properly may take 15 minutes, possibly longer. There's no way to get to him in the next few minutes? No, sir, there's not. OK, gentlemen, the time is upon us. Having considered all the scenarios, I see no other choice than to draw our line in the sand. I will not give in to Saunders' latest demand. Mr President, that leaves us with only one option, to use his daughter as a hostage and hope that that'll stop him. I understand. - All right, gentlemen. Get to it. - Yes, sir. David, are you sure we're doing the right thing? The only thing I'm sure of is we cannot let this country be taken over by this madman. - Jack, how do you wanna do this? - How long do we need to run a trace? - About a minute. - We need to cover our bases. We'll use Jane to try and keep him on the line. I'll initiate the trace. You tell Jane what we need. I'll get back to you. Dammit. - What's happening? - We've run out of time. We need you to call your father. - And tell him what? - Anything. Just keep him on the line. - For how long? - At least a minute. - Do you think you can do that? - I need to think about it. We don't have any more time. Your father just threatened to release more of the virus in the next few minutes. - Is the list up yet? - No. Well, his time is up. - Yeah. - It's me. - Yes, Stephen. - Release San Francisco. - (phone rings) - I understand. That's my daughter's line. Ian, wait. - I'll call you right back. - All right. Find out where this is coming from. - Jane? - Yeah. Hi, Dad. What's wrong? I told you only to use this number in an emergency. I wanna see you. I'm scared. The airports are shut down and they're talking about the alert level being raised. Just stay where you are, honey. You'll be fine. - Someone is monitoring the call. - Hang on a second, honey. - Are you sure? - Yes. The signal's splitting. They've got her. We just got hit on the trace route. He knows we're on the phone. - What do I do? - You're doing great. Just keep talking. - Jane. - Yes, Dad. There's a man named Jack Bauer with you, isn't there? - What, Dad? - Hand the phone to him. - Dad... - You heard me. - I'm on the line, Stephen. - Jack. You know how many vials I have and what I'm capable of. You know what I'm capable of, too. - Did you get a lock on the signal? - Negative. - Tony, did you get him? - We're working on it. Adam? I've got the longitude, but I don't have the latitude. Here, try this. - Adam? - I'm trying, Tony. I'm working on it. - OK, here it is. 21904 Collins. - We've got him. We'll send teams from here. Pass the location through to the chopper. Get me Chase. They got a location. Tell the chopper to come in. Assemble a team. Take Jane back to CTU. I want her fully protected. What are you gonna do to my father? We're gonna stop him. I want you to go with her. We have to make sure these stats are updated and sent to CTU. Michelle, the test results, they just came in. Thank you. - Almeida. - (Michelle) Hi, it's me. What's going on? I'm OK. I'm not infected. - Are you sure? - Yeah, they did a swab and a blood test. I'm gonna be fine. I'm gonna be fine. My God. Oh, my God, sweetheart. That's fantastic. I want you to get outta there, away from anybody who's infected. No, no. No, sweetheart. They said those of us that didn't come down with the infection, we have an immunity to the virus. Where are they taking you? Downtown. To NHS. They wanna keep us under watch for 18 hours, but they said it's just a formality. Look, I'll get there as soon as I can, all right? No, no. Stay where you are. They need you at CTU. - I can work from downtown. - Honey, you don't have to work. - We can handle it from here. - I wanna help, Tony. OK. - Michelle... - Yeah? I can't believe I almost lost you. I almost lost you, too. - But we're still here. - Yeah. I have to go. I'll call you from NHS. Hey... I love you. I love you so much. Excuse me, can I have your attention, please? The president has asked you to this informal setting without recording devices to tell you what relationship the outbreak at the Chandler Plaza has with airport closures. Was the Chandler Plaza why the alert level was raised? The president will deal with that in his statement. - Saunders knows we have his daughter? - He found out about five minutes ago. - How did he react? - He broke off communication. The good news is CTU has a position on Saunders, and they're sending in teams now. - What's our confidence level? - This man knows our system, our protocols. - He's gonna be tough to corner. - Stay on top of our response teams. The abduction of his daughter may have made things worse. - The President of the United States. - Please be seated. As you know, this morning our alert level was raised to red. We do have information regarding a possible biological attack on American soil. We have maximised our preparedness across the nation. Now, the best way for our citizens to ensure their own safety is to stay home. If you're at work, go home. That's the message I hope the media can convey. Mr President, we've heard reports that the local British intelligence office was attacked. - Is that related? - I can't release any details on that right now. I'm sorry, Mr President. The people of the city of Los Angeles are starting to panic, and information is not flowing from this office. We've had outbreaks, quarantines and now a hint of biological terror... - Carol, please... - The president has to be more forthcoming. The president has to be in control, and so do you. If you wanna help the public and do your jobs best, sit quietly and listen to what I have to say. Biological agents do their worst damage where large groups of people congregate. The best defence we have right now is to encourage everyone to go home and stay home and await further instruction. (reporters ask questions) - Chase, this is Jack. Are you en route? - I'm a little more than ten minutes out. - Will Saunders know we have his location? - Not likely. He'll think he had 90 more seconds before we could lock on to his location. Move into position and remind local law enforcement to stay out of sight. - We cannot tip him off. - Done. Adam, keep an eye on the satellite. Track anyone coming in and out of that building and feed it to local law enforcement. - Do you copy? - I'm watching the data now. - Plug Chloe into it, too. - Yeah. Listen, everybody, this is our time. Get it right. - Stephen, we have to leave. - We're not leaving. Why not? You said they'd probably know our location. - Not probably. They do. - I don't understand. They've got us on satellite. They'll pick us up if we try to leave. So we sit around and wait till they surround us? Exactly. The more bodies they send, the easier it'll be for us to disappear. No, I'm not waiting around to get caught. - Osterlind! - I'm leaving, Stephen. (dials number) - Yeah? - Has she left yet? No. She will. Stay on her. I'm gonna need to do this soon. OK. - Where are we going? - Los Angeles. - I thought there was an outbreak there. - Where we're going it'll be safe. Don't worry. - Where in Los Angeles are they taking me? - A place called CTU. - CTU? - Yeah, Counter Terrorist Unit. I still can't believe this. That my father is a terrorist. Four years ago when I found out he was alive after all that time... I was so happy. I had a father. I let myself believe all that he wanted me to. That he was this wonderful man. How often did you see him? A couple of times a year. Sometimes he'd surprise me, and he'd always bring me something. And it was always perfect. Like he knew. - Maybe he did know. - What do you mean? He had people watching you, Jane. He knew more about your life than you're probably aware of. What am I supposed to do with all these feelings for him? The person I love doesn't even exist. What's gonna happen to him? My dad's gonna try and bring him in. Adam, what's the status of Saunders' location? No one's left the building. - Who's working with us? - LAPD have surrounded the area. - They're hidden from view. - Good work. - I'll be there in a few minutes. - All right. - That information's correct. - You're absolutely sure? - I checked myself. - Thank you very much. What's the status of the simulation? - Tony, I need to talk to you. - Just a second. - Put those simulations on my system. - I need to talk to you right now. I'll catch you up. Go ahead. - What is it? - I've been working on the quarantine areas. And? I've been over the list of people who have been isolated and found a familiar name. And? One of them is Sarah Kaufman. - Who's Sarah Kaufman? - Adam's sister. - You sure it's Adam's sister? - Yeah. She tested positive. In the medical sense. She's gonna die. - Thanks. - You're not gonna tell him? - Yeah, I have to. - We still have a lot of work to do. How can he concentrate knowing that his sister's gonna die in a couple of hours? Chloe, I'm getting real tired of your personality. - I'm just trying to help. - You wanna help? Get back to work. Adam, could you come with me for a second? I'm sitting on these satellite feeds. Can it wait? No, it can't. Chloe'll watch it. Fine. What is it? Tony, I really have to stay on this. - It's personal. Just come with me. - Just tell me. Did I do something wrong? No. I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. Your sister Sarah's in one of the quarantine zones. - What? - You have a sister named Sarah, right? Yeah, but how can they be sure it's her? There have to be a hundred Sarah Kaufmans in Los Angeles. Chloe confirmed it. Have they kept her away from the people that are infected? She's infected. What are you saying, Tony? Are you telling me that Sarah's gonna die? It looks that way, yeah. I'm sorry. Oh, my God. Look, Adam, I'm gonna give you a chance to talk to your sister, but then I'm gonna need you to stay on until the crisis passes. You think you can do that? Adam? Cos we need you here. - Yeah. - All right. - No other way out? - No. - I'm completely surrounded. - How do you know? A security guard across the street made his rounds every 15 minutes. He missed his last rotation, which means CTU has taken over that building. What are you gonna do? I'm gonna wait until Bauer gets here. Baker and his team are behind the building. They'll move when we say. LAPD's set up a perimeter here, here, here and here. We got SWAT teams moving in this way and from over here. Snipers on the roof. - Nobody goes until we give the word. - What's the situation? We've taken over buildings on either side. We've got snipers on the roof ready to go. - Phones? - We didn't jam the area. You said he'd know. - What about infrared? - We can't get through the walls, Jack. - He knows we're here. - What makes you say that? - Cos I would. - You think he's still in there? - Yeah. - Why wouldn't he try to escape? I don't know. On my signal, move into position, minimum three men per exit. No one goes in till I give the order. Assume Saunders has taken defensive measures. Everybody ready? Let's go. All teams move into first position. This is a go. - In position. All set. - OK. Let's go. Stephen Saunders, this is Jack Bauer. You're completely surrounded. The president has refused to capitulate to any further demands. I need to remind you that we still have your daughter. Stephen, it's over. The only way you're getting out of this thing alive is coming through the front door with your hands on your head. That's not exactly true, Jack. - Adam. - Not now, Chloe. I'm running comm on the Saunders pick-up. I know what you're doing. Robin, take over Adam's screen for a minute. Come here. Why? Chloe, this is really not a good time. - Tony, you need to hear this. - What? I have to report some bad news. We lost two satellite feeds because Adam forgot to segregate the channels. - What? - I checked your system. - I had to reinitiate everything. - You touched my system? Adam shouldn't be here. He's under duress because his sister's gonna die. - I did not forget to separate those channels. - Yes, you did. We don't have time for this. Teams on the ground are depending on us. - Did you back up the satellite data? - Yes. We lost about 30 seconds. We didn't lose it, Chloe. I can prove it to you right now. I thought that l... Chloe's right. I forgot to separate them. All right, look, you made a mistake. I need to know if you can get through the rest of the day without making another one. Adam? I'm fine, Tony. OK. I don't agree with Tony's decision. I'm gonna double-check your logs every ten minutes, in case you screw up again. (police reports over radios) Jack, what do you wanna do? If he's not in there, we're wasting time we don't have. - Just have the men maintain their position. - (phone rings) - This is Bauer. - Congratulations, Jack. - You found me. - Stephen, it's over. Come on out. It would suit me better if you came in here and got me. I'd hate to be in the cross hairs of all those unstable CTU snipers. Come out the front door with your hands on your head. You'll be fine. 11 more vials, millions dead. That doesn't affect your nerves a little bit? The president's made himself clear. He's not following orders from you any more. I work for him. If that's the case, you won't mind if I take a few minutes to think things over. While you're thinking things over, you might wanna think about your daughter. (hangs up) Tony just confirmed that he's in the building. All teams hold your position. We got confirmation. (phone rings) - Is it done? - Yes. All right. Stay on the line. - (dials number) - (phone rings) - Almeida. - Listen to me very carefully, Agent Almeida. - Who is this? - It's Stephen Saunders. Before you make any tactical errors, here's an update on the situation. I'm listening. Move to a private area that has direct comm with your teams on site here. Why would I do that? Open a web socket to lP 257-211-16-5 and you'll find out. That's lP 257-211-16-5. Just trust me. Do it. By the way, I'd like to offer you congratulations on your wife eluding infection from the virus. How do you know about my wife? Get on that site. I did instruct them to leave her barely functional so that we can return her to you. I'll kill you, you son of a bitch. I'll rip your damn throat out, you hear me? I'm low on time. Sorry if I brush past that remark. In 15 seconds Michelle will be dead if you don't do what I say. There are five agents watching the northeast exit of this building, four on the ground and a sniper on the rooftop. I assume they're operating as a unit. I want you to give them a code nine, send them to the front entrance now. Jack Bauer's running the operation. I don't have the authority. No authority. Really? - Kevin, is Michelle still conscious? - Yes. Take an eye out. No, wait! Stop! Kevin, hold for a second. It's gonna take me some time. You have 30 seconds. Gerry, we're talking about mass hysteria spreading out all over the place. - We're not in any position to mobilise... - Our position is to let the public know. - This is Baker. - This is Tony Almeida. Switch to channel three. - Go ahead. - We need you to code nine your team. I want you to use a controlled channel. - What are we doing? - Move everyone to the front now. - There's nothing going on at the front. - We got a sat feed Jack doesn't have yet. Saunders is on the move in a blind spot. Get there now. Four CTU personnel diverting to new mark. No, Baker, not just CTU personnel. Everyone, police control included. Get there now! We have a code nine. Everyone to the front of the building now! Get in your car and move to the front