that began 11 weeks ago in ten different cities. Over 900 have been killed thus far. While no one claims responsibility for this wave of death, evidence points to Islamic militants. Here in Los Angeles, the mood is tense and fearful. The Department of Homeland Security urges all citizens to report without delay any suspicious persons or activities. A department spokesperson says, "We don't want to start a witch-hunt, but we'd rather err on the side of caution than become the next target." He said that the vigilance of the public is our best line of defence against attack. Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey! Stop, stop, stop. Open the doors. Please, I have to get to work. I'll be late for work. Please, open the door. Come on, man, open the door. Open the door! I can't believe you... I can't believe you didn't open the door! I have as much right to be on the bus as you! (beep) Our country is under siege. You're the National Security Advisor, Karen. I'm surprised by your resistance. These places you keep building are nothing more than concentration camps. Detention facilities. The criteria for determining who should be detained are very reasonable. This revised plan of yours justifies locking up every American who prays towards Mecca. That's an exaggeration. The American Muslim community is our greatest asset. They provided law enforcement with hundreds of tips. Not one member has been implicated in the attacks. So far. Mr President, the people are losing faith in our ability to protect them. We've got to do something about this now. And locking up more Muslims will not make them safer. No, Karen, but it will make them feel safer. What about the civil unrest your plan will create? - There will be riots, demonstrations... - Security has its price. So does freedom, Tom. I don't see how I can sign off on something like this. Three months ago I took an oath to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution. And what about preserving, protecting and defending the American people? All of these measures are legal. Blake has been all over this with the Attorney General. There is a precedent in wartime. Lincoln suspended habeas corpus, Roosevelt... Yes, I know this. And Roosevelt imprisoned over 200,000 Japanese Americans, in what most historians consider to be a shameful mistake. I'd ask those historians how many of those Japanese Americans were thus prevented from perpetrating acts of sabotage in this country. I realise that what I'm proposing has its challenges, but we cannot continue to keep our heads buried in the sand. - Mr President. - Yeah. - Another attack? - Los Angeles, a bus. - How many casualties? - 23 so far, including the suicide bomber. We're still certain this Assad is behind these attacks? He arrived in the US three days before the first bombing in San Antonio. Let us not forget Assad has been calling for the destruction of the US for the last 20 years. Mr President, my analysts believe Assad's organisation cannot survive without him, and once he's dead, the attacks will stop. So this assumes the success of the operation to terminate Assad. CTU estimates successful probability at 75%. - I think that's very generous. - It sounds like you're anticipating failure. I fully acknowledge, sir, that this is our only option, but I am fervently advocating contingencies. Contingencies are well and good, Tom, but CTU needs to eliminate Assad. That's all there is to it. God knows we're paying a steep enough price to get him. I told you 20 times, don't send out a report without a certified header. This makes 21. You should update your count. Do you - I'm just curious - ever open your mouth without sarcasm spilling out of it? - Are we done here? - I'm just telling you to be careful, or you'll be back selling ladies' shoes in Beverly Hills. You're settling well into middle management. - What's your problem with me? - I liked you as an analyst. You were good. As a boss, bit of a bore. Right. What's going on? Talk to your boyfriend. Guy's on self-destruct. You promised you'd get along with Milo. I'm sorry, darling, that's a promise I just can't keep. Morris. Morris! I had the same problem with department heads. I learned to fit in. - There's no reason why you can't. - I don't happen to be a pretty lady. - What are you talking about? - You're a hottie. - No, I'm not. - Yes, you are. Deal with it. - We're at work. - So? - It's unprofessional. - Are you saying you don't like it? No. I just came to see if you got a request from Homeland on the priority channel. No. Why did they send it only to me? I don't know. - Just try to get along. - Because you asked, I will. Nadia, I got a weird request from Homeland. They want to set up a channel. I wanted to clear it with you. - You're cleared. - They want it formatted to military specs. I'm coordinating an assault with Cobra helicopters. - When? - 30 minutes. - But assault on who? - Assad. What? We don't know where Assad is. - We will. We have a lead. - No. If we did, I'd know about it. - We found a way to get Assad's location. - How? - Jack Bauer. - Jack's in a Chinese prison. Not any more. President negotiated his release two days ago. - Jack's coming back? - Yes. Why did the Chinese let him go? Why today? Does it have to do with the attacks? - How do we think he'll lead us to Assad? - I can't talk about this yet. Why not? Can Bill Buchanan talk about it? He's meeting Jack at Point Mugu Naval Air Station. Now open that military channel and put it through to the conference area. The president must have given up a lot to make this happen. I wish he were coming back under different circumstances. We don't know what his state of mind will be. If he doesn't cooperate, we need to be prepared. Mr Buchanan, I need your signature on this release document. Take those cuffs off him. (speaks Chinese) Jack. It's OK. Come with me. Please convey to your president that Mr Bauer never broke his silence. He hasn't spoken a word in nearly two years. Your president has paid a high price for Mr Bauer's freedom. What he wants from him must be very important. President Palmer wants to speak to you himself as soon as we debrief. I'm sorry, Jack. How could you know? Wayne Palmer is president. He's the one who negotiated your release. I can't even begin to imagine what you went through over there. But there's a reason you're here now. The last 11 weeks, our cities have been targeted by a series of terror attacks - buses, trains, shopping malls. The last one was 15 minutes ago here in Los Angeles. It's Hamri Al-Assad. Assad's here, Jack. Four days ago, one of Assad's men contacted us. He said he'd give up Assad for $25 million. But he's demanding something more than money. He wants you, Jack. He wants you dead. It's Abu Fayed. He wants his pound of flesh for what happened in Beirut. We offered him other alternatives. We did everything we could think of, Jack. But he would only agree to give us Assad in exchange for you. He's demanded our surveillance protocols, which means we can't risk an extraction. Once he has you, you'll be on your own. You understand what this means, Jack? We're asking you to sacrifice yourself so we can eliminate Assad. - (whispers) Audrey. - I can't hear you, Jack. (clears throat) Audrey. Audrey doesn't know you're back. My daughter? Kim doesn't know either. You keep it that way. I know what's being asked of me, Curtis. You don't need your firearm. Before we do this, I would like to clean up. We've got an area set up for you and brought you some new clothes. (phone rings) Bill. - (Bill) We have Jack. - Good. I thought I was prepared, but he's worse than I expected, much worse. I know how hard this must be for you, but everything depends on this operation. I understand. I know you do. I wish I were there with you. You're where you need to be. I miss you. I miss you too. I have to take Jack to the drop point now. Bye. (man) LA has been added to the list of major cities hit by terrorist attacks. The Department of Homeland Security raised the threat level to red, the highest since the department was formed. FBI will handle the searches outside the city. Focus on the main grid. - Nadia, I need to talk to you. - Finish that up and check back with me. - Did you put the military channel through? - Yeah. I tried to locate Bill or Curtis to find out about Jack. There's a block on their status rosters. I told you, I can't talk about this. You've only been here a couple months so you don't know me well. If you did, you'd know how much Jack Bauer means to me. Sooner or later I will find out. - Tell me. - I don't have authorisation... Why don't I call Division and tell them about when you left the Jarvis firewall unsecured? If it weren't for me, you would have been fired over that. We were contacted four days ago by a man named Fayed. He offered to give us Assad's location for a list of demands. One of them was Jack Bauer. - Jack? Why does he want Jack? - Retribution. Retribution for what? Fayed's brother was in the cell that bombed our embassy in Lebanon in 1999. Jack was sent to grab him and get names of other members. Fayed's brother died while Jack was interrogating him. - Now he wants Jack dead. - That's right. And you're really gonnajust deliver Jack over to the terrorist to be killed? - Nadia... - We need to stop Assad. We can grab Jack once Fayed gives us Assad's location. Fayed can detect our surveillance. We gave Fayed access to our satellite coverage, radio frequencies and air corridors. He'll give us nothing till he's free and clear with Jack. How do we even know he'll do what he says? We don't. I'm calling Karen. She'll talk to the president. Don't you get it? Karen already knows. So does President Palmer. He authorised it. Look. I'm sorry about your friend, but there's nothing you, I or anyone can do. Right now, this is our only way out of this crisis. If we want these attacks to stop, Jack Bauer has to be sacrificed. (phone rings) - I only got half those upgrades. - You'll get the rest. I needed them ten minutes ago. Don't expect Chloe to keep running interference. - You'll get your upgrades. - When? What's going on between you and Nadia? The president got Jack back from the Chinese. He's in LA now. - Well, that's very good news. - No, Morris, it's not. (phone rings) - Buchanan. - It's the president. Is Jack with you? - Yes, sir. We're almost at the drop point. - Let me speak to him. I'll put him on. Jack? Jack? It's President Palmer. He wants to talk to you. Mr President. Jack, I've been trying to think of what I could possibly say to you. After all you've sacrificed for this country, what you've done for me in the past and, of course, what you've done for my brother David. This is a desperate measure, Jack, I know, but it's also a measure of our desperation. People are afraid to come outside, afraid to leave their homes. They're turning against each other. Bill Buchanan explained the situation, sir. I know what's happening. I understand what's expected of me. You have my word. My word, Jack. Your sacrifice will not be in vain. Thank you. - God bless you, Jack. - Goodbye, Mr President. When I agreed to run for this office, I thought that I understood this job. I was right beside my brother David when he had to make impossible decisions, times he had to choose between bad options, but now that I'm the one sitting in that chair, I'm starting to wonder if I'm the right person to lead this country. - It's an irrelevant question, sir. - Excuse me? You will lead this country, whether you want to or not. You are the president. This president can't shake the feeling that sacrificing Jack Bauer is a mistake, and that maybe I should call this off before it's too late. No, sir. You have not made a mistake. And, for what it's worth, your brother would be doing just the same thing. - That doesn't make it right. - It isn't right. It isn't wrong. It's simply our only option. Bauer has to be sacrificed so this country can survive. - I just heard a disturbing rumour. - Huh? What rumour's that? You're authorising detention facilities at convention centres and sports arenas - in Los Angeles, Detroit and Philadelphia. - Yeah, that's correct. That's against the president's order. I was there. Karen, I know where you were. I was standing right next to you. To my knowledge, that order hasn't been rescinded. You are confused. I haven't implemented anything yet. I'm merely positioning. If the president changes his mind, as I suspect he will, then we will have wasted less time. I'm not confused. You can use whatever words you like. In plain English, you're second-guessing the president. Plain English does not allow for the nuances my job requires. How far will you push this? The ACLU is filing complaints that we gave the bureau too much field authority. They have not been given near enough. They need a wider net with tighter mesh. And when innocent people get caught in that net? Well, like I told you before, security has its price. Just get used to it, Karen. (phone rings) - Go ahead. - Secure Bauer's wrist to the grate and leave. - First tell me where Assad is. - This isn't a negotiation. If you want Assad, leave Bauer here, get back in your car and drive away. I'm watching you. You listen to me, you son of a bitch... He wants me to handcuff you to that grate. Do it. I don't know what to say, Jack. Do you understand the difference between dying for something and dying for nothing? The only reason I fought to stay alive in China was because I didn't want to die for nothing. Today... I can die for something. My way, my choice. To be honest with you, it will be a relief. - I'm sorry, Jack. - Don't be. Bill, you need to go. Go. (woman) Firemen are battling a fire at the Al-Hamza Mosque in Culver City. Members of the mosque are calling it a retaliation for this morning's suicide bombing downtown on a metro bus. - Scott shouldn't go to school. - He has a geometry test. Honey, LA was just hit. I mean, they should be closing these schools down. They will when it's not safe. Until then, I don't wanna scare our son and I don't want you scaring him, either. I want us to live our lives as normally as we can. No, look, Jillian, there is nothing normal, what's happening here. Should we hide in our house for the rest of our lives? No, it's just... Hi. - Was Ahmed able to help? - I didn't see him. The FBI are at his house. They're arresting his dad. What? - (man) Why are they taking him? - I don't know. This is insane. You can't arrest somebody without a reason. He's not a terrorist! He's innocent! - There's gotta be some reason. - I'm sure it's a mistake. Ahmed? What are you doing? (shouting) We just wanna talk to you, OK? Ahmed, get out here. That contractor down the block, Stan something. I know. I'll call the police. Come on! Why don't you get the hell out of my neighbourhood? - What are you doing? - Helping Ahmed. - Your father is calling the police. - They won't do anything. You're not going there. I'm not hiding while he gets beat up cos you're scared to do the right thing. Scott... Stay here. I'll handle it. - I wanna talk. - Get out of my house. - We're here to give you friendly advice. - Stan, what the hell are you doing, man? I'm trying to protect my family, Ray. This kid's father's a terrorist. - He's no more of a terrorist than you or me. - Yeah? Then why did they arrest him? - They're scared, like everyone else. - Get out of my way. Hey, Stan. Come on! Stan. If you want him, you're coming through me. This isn't over, Ray. - You all right? - Yeah. All right, I think you should come stay with us - until things get sorted with your father. - I appreciate what you did. I'll be fine. This guy is ajerk and I don't want you staying here alone. It's dangerous. I'm not taking no for an answer. - Nadia, Bill Buchanan for you. - Right. - Bill. - Jack's at the drop point. Are we set? The marines have two helicopters ready. We can hit any target in LA within 20 minutes. Jack's giving his life for this operation so I don't want any mistakes. Assad must be taken out with prejudice. - He will be, when Fayed gives his location. - If he calls before I get back, loop me in. - Yeah. Bill. - Yeah? - I'm sidelining Chloe on this operation. - Why? She started asking questions about Jack. I tried putting her off but... - What did you tell her? - The truth. - I'll talk to her when I get there. - Thanks. - Psst, psst. Move over. - What are you doing? - I'll try and get a visual on Jack. - Fayed has our surveillance protocols. He's monitoring radio, satellites and transmissions. I have access to a satellite off the government grid. - How? - I worked for a consortium in Uzbekistan. They needed an illegal aerial survey of some oil fields, I needed quick cash. Aha. Look, the little bird, she's still flying. She's still flying. - I think I can reposition the camera from here. - Morris... Don't thank me yet, love. Just stop sulking and find out where Bill Buchanan left Jack. I've been waiting for this for a long time. (phone rings) - Yes. - There is a problem. Don't move out of the tunnel yet. - What? - I intercepted a signal to a private satellite. There are hundreds of them. The signal is being transmitted on a government frequency. What's it looking at? I can't pinpoint it, but the camera's been repositioned to your sector. Connect me to CTU. Chloe, this is it. This is it. When the military has Assad's location, we'll work with law enforcement to limit damage. As much as we're trying to prevent civilian losses, our priority is to take out Assad. - Fayed is on the line. - This is Nadia Yassir. Redirect the satellite you have aimed at this sector. What? Explain the activity on frequency alpha zero seven zero three. Bauer is dead either way. But if you don't redirect that satellite in 30 seconds, you will lose Assad. - I'm telling you, there's no satellite. - 28 seconds. Nadia. - Where is this coming from? - Inside the building. Where? Chloe's station. - Morris... - What? - Redirect that satellite. Redirect that satellite. - The situation is under control. Fayed tagged you. We may have lost our chance to locate Assad. This was a rogue operation. We're redirecting the satellite. - You have ten seconds. - Do it! 9, 8... - Come on! - Hurry up. - 7, 6... - I'm going as fast as I can. 5, 4... It's done. It's moving away. They redirected the satellite. - Other channels? - All clear. Because of your deception, I will have to think about giving you Assad's location. But what about our deal? Fayed? (in Arabic language) (engine starts) - We may have spooked Fayed. - I heard what happened! - Dammit! What were you thinking?! - It's my fault. You can fire me. I'd fire both of you now but I can't afford to lose the manpower. Chloe. - Look at me. - I'd rather not, sir. Look at me. Don't think you're the only one mourning Jack. You're not. That may have been our only option. You both better hope to God you didn'tjust blow it. We may have sacrificed Jack for nothing. - Karen. - Have you heard from Fayed? - Not yet, no. - The president's worried. Fayed should have contacted us by now. There may be a problem. There's a possibility Fayed's going back on the deal. - What are you talking about? - He caught us trying to track Jack. The orders were that he was to have a clear field. Chloe thought there was a work-around. She did it without authorisation. She's your responsibility. How could you let this happen? If we don't take out Assad... I don't need a lecture. I know the stakes. I don't think you do. If these attacks don't stop, there are people here willing to tear up the Constitution in the name of national security. The things they're talking about doing - this country will never recover. As soon as I hear from Fayed, you'll be my first call. I'm sorry, Bill. It's just, I'm... There's no need to apologise. We're all feeling it. I have to go. - Anything? - It's clear. - Are you sure? - Yes. They're leaving us alone. The money's been transferred. Shall we call CTU? Not yet. You need to call CTU. (speaks Arabic language) (beeping) I won't let you die till I'm ready. The Chinese didn't leave much for me to work with. But before you die, you're going to feel what my brother felt. I saw his body. I know how he died. I know what you did to him. (speaks Arabic language) You don't need me to tell you that the nerves are bundled here... (beeping increases) Better. You need to give CTU Assad's location. That was the deal. Assad has lost faith in our fight. He thinks our tactics are failing. He's begun talking about compromise, about laying down our arms and negotiating. But there is no compromise, no negotiation. Assad is a traitor. And soon, inshallah, he will be dead. That's right, Jack. CTU is about to kill the wrong man. Assad isn't behind these attacks. He's come here to stop them. He's come here... to stop... me. (rapid beeping) You will die for nothing. If Fayed doesn't call in five minutes, reassign everyone here. - This is Buchanan. - You kept your end of the deal, I'll keep mine. - I'm listening. - I have a transponder at Assad's location. 33-58-11 north latitude. 118-21-40 west longitude. You'll find Assad there. - Where is that? - It's coming. Inglewood. Have Bowen mobilise the helicopters. I'll tell the president we're a go. Cut Fayed's access. I want to lock down all of our satellites. Shut 'em down. You got it? We did everything we could. I know it's truly awful, but if it stops these attacks, it's for the greater good. There's no one that understands that more than Jack. Do you remember doing this to my brother? - Fayed? - What is it? There is a call for you. It's important. (speaking Arabic language) - Yes. - (Ahmed) There's a problem. - Tell me what happened. - The FBI. They took my father. Where are you? I'm at a neighbour's. You know my father is innocent. He has no idea what we're doing. If your father is meant to be sacrificed, that is how it will be. Now tell me what the FBI said. (Iong beep) Good. You did the right thing. - Are you sure the FBI didn't find the package? - Yes. It's well hidden. - You need to deliver it soon. - I'll call you when I have it. - Everything OK? - Yeah. It was my uncle. He's trying to find out where they took my dad. - Wanna come eat? - Yeah. (speaking Arabic language)