- You know who it is. - I already gave you what you asked for. - But your employer has tightened security. - So the access I paid for is no good. - It'll take some time - to download the new security protocols. - I'll be there in 40 minutes. Federal agent, get on the floor! Hauser sold Gredenko security specs for Edgemont nuclear power facility. - Does Gredenko have them? - He's picking them up in 20 minutes. Hauser was wounded, but he's got a brother. We're gonna use him for the transaction. You look nervous, Brady. All teams, take out your targets. All teams, there's a third hostile inside the vehicle. You know who I am. Then you know what I'm gonna do to you, unless you tell me where the bombs are. First, my terms. Amnesty from your government and a guarantee I won't be returned to Russia. Nadia's being processed as an enemy combatant. I don't know if I can accept that she betrayed us. She spied for Fayed? I think we're wrong. - I hear you and Nadia Yassir are friends. - Yeah. Why do you ask? I came across evidence at the switching station that proves she's innocent. You're cleared, Nadia. Admiral, is the Vickery ready to launch? - It's seconds from optimal launch position. - Good. Proceed with the strike. Vice President Daniels is about to launch a nuclear strike against the Middle East. This strike is a complete reversal of everything that he was working for. You want Dr Welton to bring him out of the coma? Yes. It's for you, sir. - Yes? - I've called off the strike, Noah. I'm resuming my duties as commander in chief. Inform Admiral Smith and the others there's to be no action without my authorisation. It's apparent to me the president is still suffering the effects from the attack on his life. I can't let him remain in power. Get me the Attorney General. - (man) Should have live feed, sir. - Secretary Dawes, - can you see and hear me clearly? - Yes, I can. Secretary Durant and Attorney General Graves? - Connections are being set up. - And the president? He should be arriving any moment. - What are you doing? - I need to get up from this wheelchair. - No, you need to take care of yourself. - Sandra, I can't afford to look weak. Roosevelt did just fine from a wheelchair. Listen, when I face Daniels, I want to be on my feet. - Dr Welton? - Yes, sir? - Can you give me a shot of Adrenalin? - Wayne. I can. It'll raise your blood pressure, which is not what you need right now. - The risk of... - (knock at door) - Mr President? It is time. - Give us a few minutes, please. Excuse me, Mr President. - Mr President... - Just do it. Now. - What do you have, Jack? - Gredenko offered us Fayed, in exchange for immunity and a guarantee that we won't extradite him back to Russia. - Bill, I don't trust it. He rolled over too easy. - What do you think his play is? - I don't know yet. - It's your call, Jack. But you should know what's happening in Washington. - The president's regained consciousness. - How is he? Well enough. But Daniels is challenging him under the 25th Amendment, in large part so he can go ahead with the nuclear strike against Fayed's country. - Does he have a chance of winning? - It's unclear. But if Fayed detonates another bomb, no one will be able to stand in Daniels' way. If there's a challenge for the presidency, the immunity agreement won't be binding. Bill, you need to understand that I have no intention of honouring this agreement. Tell the Attorney General, draw up the papers. I'm calling him right now. The president should be here momentarily. - (woman) Mr President. - (man) Mr President. Mr President. I know I speak for everyone here in saying how very happy I am to have you with us again. Let's proceed. (Tom clears throat) As you know, an attempt was made to assassinate the president. He sustained injuries so serious that the doctors had to induce a temporary coma in order to relieve the pressure on his brain. In so doing, they saved his life. The question now is whether, in the words of the 25th Amendment, he is unable to discharge the duties and powers of his office. - Isn't this really a medical question? - Well, to a degree it is. But the 25th Amendment puts the final decision - squarely in the hands of the cabinet. - May we hear medical testimony? Yes. Let me bring in the surgeon in charge of the president's case. Dr Welton, if you would, please. The president has undergone an ordeal, but from a medical point of view, the greatest danger has passed. His cognitive functions are presenting normally. I have every expectation that he will make a full recovery. Might the pressures of the office increase the chance of a relapse? - It's difficult to say. It's certainly a possibility. - Can you estimate those chances? - No, I'm afraid I can't. - If you had a vote, Doctor, - how would you cast it? - This is precisely the question which the Constitution demands that this cabinet answer. Thank you very much, Doctor. Mr President, I think now would be an appropriate time - to address the cabinet, if you would, please. - The vice president initiated this process because I stopped him launching a nuclear strike against the Middle East. But this vote shouldn't be about policy. According to the Constitution, you're judging me to see if I am unable to discharge the duties of my office. Well, as you can see, and as you were just told by my physician, I'm in complete possession of my faculties, and so to remove me from this office would be to betray both your oath and the American people, who voted me as their president. Mr Vice President? Ladies and gentlemen of the cabinet, the 25th Amendment is purposely vague on how you're supposed to judge if the president is unable to discharge his duties, which is why this is very much about the president's policies, and his actions. Here are the facts: When a second nuclear attack today spread radiation over one of our major cities, I decided it was necessary to launch a retaliatory strike, to show our enemies that if attacked, we would make them share our pain. Wayne Palmer's first act upon regaining consciousness was to stop that strike. To respond to the attack by doing nothing. In a time of war, the president must be strong enough in body and mind to defend this country. And I'm afraid Wayne Palmer's actions are the proof in this matter that... indeed he is unable to discharge his duties. All right. Time is of the essence, so unless there is an objection, I would like to recess and then reconvene for your vote in ten minutes. - Any word on the cabinet vote? - No, they haven't come back yet. Look, Milo, about what happened today. Let's just put it behind us, OK? Which part? The... suspicion of terrorism, or the... the other thing? - The suspicion. - And the other thing? Let's not worry about it right now. Let's try and get through the day. OK. I'm not gonna forget about the kiss, and I don't think you are either. (phone rings) - Nadia. - It's Doyle. Don't say my name. Just listen. I need you to come up to my office. Don't say anything to anybody. Just come. On my way. Have a seat. Look, I know you and I got off to kind of a bad start. "A bad start"? You assaulted me. This country is under attack. We had reason to believe there was a mole in this building. Starting with you wasn't racist. It was common sense. - So you're not a racist, you're just a sadist. - You don't know me. I think I do. - Why did you call me here? - Turns out there was no mole. The terrorists could hack into our system cos someone screwed up and logged the wrong security parameters. I'm pretty sure that someone was Milo, and the proof is on his computer. I need someone to get it without him noticing. I can't do that. Why? Is it cos you're too busy deciding if you wanna sleep with him? Listen, if you don't get the evidence for me, I'm gonna call a forensics team and they'll tear his system apart as the entire floor watches. And if they find what I think they'll find, everyone gets to watch Milo hauled out of this building in handcuffs. I'm sure it wasn't pleasant when it happened to you, but you're gonna stand by and watch it happen to him? That's your idea of being a friend? So you want me to betray him for his own good? I promise you, Milo will be better off if you help me than if you don't. Your call. If the cabinet sides with you, what will you do about Daniels? The Constitution does not allow the president to fire his vice president. - But you can marginalise him. - She's right. Get him out of the bunker. I'd love to, but Daniels has way too many supporters, and I can't afford to alienate any one of them right now. Besides, I'd rather have him somewhere where I can keep an eye on him. - Mr President? The cabinet's reconvening. - Thank you. (Karen) All right, let's go. Please, sit down. Right. Ladies and gentlemen of the cabinet, let us now begin the vote. Will those of you who believe that President Palmer is able to discharge his duties please, at this time, raise your hand? Do we have any abstentions? The vote is seven to seven. Mr Attorney General, what would be the next step? Well, there's no need for a next step. The Amendment requires that the vice president and a majority of the cabinet agree. There is no majority in the cabinet, it's split evenly. President Palmer remains in office. It's not that simple. One of the cabinet votes is invalid. - Sir, which vote is not valid? - National security advisor. - What do you mean? - She resigned. - I resumed my duties. - I don't agree. I've seen no evidence that you've been reinstated. That is ridiculous. I sat here with you in a cabinet meeting less than one hour ago! Ms Hayes, allowing you to sit in on the meeting isn't equivalent to formally recognising you as national security advisor! In fact, I did not and do not so recognise you. - Oh, my God. - And if Ms Hayes' vote is invalid, then the tally's seven to six in favour of invoking the 25th Amendment and removing President Palmer from power. I'm sorry, Wayne. Noah, don't waste your apologies on me, because I won't let you steal the presidency. - That's not gonna happen. - Then what do you suggest? - The country has to be governed. - I would suggest, sir, - that this is properly a matter for the courts. - I concur. - We don't have time to go to... - Mr Vice President, if I may. I agree with Mr Lennox. This is a legal question. The Supreme Court was in session this afternoon. We can recall it, and have them render a decision regarding the validity of the vote. The matter could be resolved in under an hour. Thank you, Attorney General Graves. Get the process started and keep us advised. I think this meeting is concluded. - Get my affidavit started. - Yeah. Tom. You know something? I'm beginning to think you're not on my side. Sir, I'm on the side of the United States of America, and if you ever thought otherwise, you're very much mistaken. Gredenko's attorney approved the immunity agreements. Yeah, we're just waiting for digital signatures. All right. I'll inform the Attorney General's office it's on its way. Thank you. - Milo. - What's up? I'm having a problem. My station keeps telling me to refresh the system credentials. It's the hardware codes. You have to reset them. I can take care of it. Thanks. - You OK? - Yeah. You were right. Milo forgot to refresh the security parameters. The breach was his fault. So when you tell District, they can fire and maybe arrest him. Which is why I'm going to alter the log so they'll never know. (sighs) This should work, as long as they haven't changed the password. There. It's done. - Why did you do that? - Cos all I care about is finding those nukes. We have a better chance of doing that with Milo on board, whether he likes me or not. "And mankind is naught but a single nation". - You've read the Koran? - And the Bible. And the Upanishads. Anything I can get my hands on. You're lucky, you've found your answers. I'm looking for mine. I'd better get ready to deploy. - What did Doyle want? - Nothing. Just reviewing some data sets. There you go. Your system's back up. Thanks. (phone rings) - Buchanan. - (Karen) Hi, it's me. - How did the cabinet vote go? - It was a tie, which in effect means that Palmer is still in office. - That's good. That's what we wanted. - Daniels is contesting the vote. - He's saying that mine is invalid. - Based on what? Based on the fact that I resigned, and I was never officially reinstated. That's ridiculous. You attended meetings. You had no replacement assigned. I know, but maybe he's right, Bill. I did hand in my resignation. Which was rescinded before it was officially accepted. Daniels knows that. - He's grasping at straws, Karen. - I'm so scared, Bill. If he wins, this will all be my fault. Stop, stop. It's desperate manoeuvring on his part, Karen, nothing more. He hasn't got a case. And the Supreme Court will agree. Well, we're giving our arguments in 15 minutes. - Call me as soon as the decision is in. - Thank you for being there. You don't have to thank me. It's my job. I miss you so much. I miss you too. - I'll talk to you soon. - Bye. (sighs) (speaking Russian) Good. My attorney has verified the agreements. - We're set. Gredenko's ready to make the call. - We're standing by. Doyle's got a team ready to go as soon as Fayed tells Gredenko where to meet him. You try and warn Fayed with anything you say, or how you say it, - and I will kill you right here, right now. - I believe you, Agent Bauer. Make the call. (phone rings) - Yes? - (Gredenko) It's me. - Do you have the security protocols? - Yes. Where do you want to meet? - Are you sure you're not under surveillance? - Of course. - Do you think I'd be calling you otherwise? - I can't allow another mistake to disrupt my plans for the remaining two devices. - Do you want the protocols or not? - Where are you right now? Culver City. Meet me at the Santa Monica pier in ten minutes. - Uh... It may take me more time. - I won't wait. - Where do I find you? - Just be there. I'll find you. Give him the phone. Bill, how long will it take Doyle's team to make it to the pier? - He's about 30 minutes out. - We'll make do with Ryan's team. Put him in the vehicle. Instructions from the Supreme Court. Our arguments have to be submitted in writing in the next ten minutes. Sandra's working on our brief. How's it coming? I'm just about finished. We have a strong case. You resigned, and Daniels was in charge when you returned. So the legal question is, did he consent to your reinstatement? Of course he did. And he made no objections when you returned to the bunker, and he never questioned your right to be there? No, he didn't. His own actions prove our case. Thank you. For everything, Sandra. My affidavit explains everything - that I never really intended to reinstate Karen, letting her perform her duties temporarily, therefore she had no authority to cast a vote under the 25th Amendment. Problem is, after she returned, you treated her as if she still were national security advisor. It's a question of my state of mind, though, isn't it? Yes. And your state of mind will be inferred from your actions. Doesn't sound like you think our chances are very good. I don't. Then I am... deeply afraid for our country. When the world sees that Wayne Palmer isn't willing to fight back, our enemies will be encouraged, these recent attacks will be just the beginning. America will be vulnerable in a way it never has been. There may be a way to illuminate your state of mind more explicitly. I can swear an affidavit that earlier today you told me to inform Karen Hayes you had no intention of reinstating her, but you'd let her perform her duties on a temporary basis only. Then Wayne regained consciousness before I could have that conversation with her. You'd be perjuring yourself in front of the Supreme Court. I'm aware that it's perjury. But the end justifies the means. My affidavit will push the court to rule in your favour so that you can do what's right for this country. You're right. Do it. Prepare your affidavit. And, Lisa... Thank you. Yes, sir. Hasim, Hasan, with me. I'm meeting Gredenko. I'll be back within the hour. And if you're not? Are you worried for me, Halil? Orjust anxious to take my place? I think we're wasting time. We have the bombs. We should use them right now. Gredenko's information will enable us to inflict damage across half of California. There's other targets out there will result in large amount of casualty - without the additional risk. - I've made my decision. Let's go. (engine starts) (Daniels) Come in. Mr Vice President, I need to speak with you alone. There is something in this room you need to know about, sir. "Something in this room"? What are you talking about? This small object here is a microtransmitter. After you directed me to lie to the ambassador about the assassination attempt, I decided it was time to protect myself. Now it turns out I was protecting the country as well. Be careful, Tom. Be very careful what you try to do here. Actually, sir, you are the one who needs to be careful here. (Lisa) I'm aware that it's perjury. But the end justifies the means. My affidavit will push the court to rule in your favour so that you can do - what's right for this country. - You're right. Do it. Prepare your affidavit. Turn it off. As I'm sure you're aware, sir, conspiracy to commit perjury is a felony offence. Now, I strongly urge you to pick up that phone and call the Supreme Court. You tell them that you have withdrawn your affidavit and that of Miss Miller as well. Tell them you support the vote of the Cabinet, that you have no further objections to President Palmer continuing his presidency. You do understand that I'm just trying to do what's right for this country. Well, so am I, sir. Are you going to make that call now, sir? Karen, I need the launch protocols the joint chiefs set up with Daniels, - and chain-of-command signing. - They just came from the Pentagon. Everything is in place. If the court sides with you, you can cancel the strike permanently. I also want an update on the situation with Fayed. Has CTU made any progress? Yes, they have Gredenko in custody. Bill said they were gonna use him to lure Fayed out in the open. - Who's running it? - Jack Bauer. - Good. - Wayne. The Supreme Court was just notified Daniels withdrew his suit. - What?! - It's over. He gave up before the court had a chance to make its decision. - Why? - I don't know. I just know that you're still the President of the United States. Let the Cabinet know I won't take any action against those who sided with Daniels. Yes, sir. Oh, and Karen? Tell Bill I want him to keep me up to date on CTU's progress. - (woman) Yes, sir? - Melinda... - Tell Dr Welton I need to see him, please. - Certainly. I don't have a visual yet, but Fayed won't show himself until he sees Gredenko. - Ryan, what's your status with Gredenko? - I've got the audio transmitter set up. Preparing the tracker now. Roll up your left sleeve. - (Jack) What's his range? - We can track up to 15 miles. Copy that. - Is it radioactive? - Yes. It penetrates into the bone. It's got a half-life of about 11 hours, so forget about digging it out or making a run for it. - He's good to go. - Bill, how far out is Doyle's team? - About 20 minutes. - We can't wait. Fayed was clear about his time line. Ryan, send in Gredenko. Gredenko's moving now. I'm getting a clean audio signal from the transmitter on Gredenko. And we are locked on the isotope signature that's being emitted from Gredenko's arm. (phone rings) Hello? Hello? I have the gain on Gredenko's transmitter up all the way. There's no one on the other end. He's reading something off his phone. It's a text message. Fayed's made contact. Everyone get ready. Gredenko is heading south. (Gredenko, distorted) I'm moving in. - Milo, have you got him on the tracker? - Yeah. He's still moving. I'm heading in. I'm gonna follow him. (beeping/static) I've lost audio signal. I'm going to secondary channel. - There's no audio on the secondary channel. - But he hasn't moved. I don't like it. Something's wrong. - You led them to me. - I had no choice. But if you listen to me, we'll both get away from here alive. Hasim. Which direction, Milo? I'm nearing the south end of the pier. That's where he stopped and entered the building on the left. - Is he still inside the room? - Yes. He's right on the other side of the door. I'm going in. Milo, no one's in here. Jack, the tracker's showing the signal right there in the room with you. My God! They cut off Gredenko's arm! Ryan, move your men in now! Hold on. I've picked up his blood trail. Fayed, their men will be coming from the west side parking lot. We should go this way. (coughs) Ryan, circle back to the east side of the pier. Try and cut 'em off. I want Fayed alive. - Ryan, you got anything? - Negative. - How far out is Doyle's team? - 20 minutes. Have him set up a perimeter as soon as he gets here. - Ryan, where are you? I'm pinned down. - Moving towards you now. Show me your head. (TV) The same terrorist cell is most likely responsible for the explosion in Valencia... - We're trapped. - This way. ...and the assassination attempt on President Palmer. - That's him! - What? I recognise him from the news! It's the terrorist they're looking for! - (woman) Terrorist? - (man) That is him. You bastard. (gun clicks) (men yelling) Federal agent! I am a federal agent. I'm taking this man into custody. Now back off! - Back off! - He shot my friend. We'll get him medical attention. Just stay back. - I hope your friend is dead. - Shut up! Everybody out of the bar now! Move! Ryan, this is Jack. Gredenko is not here. Lock down the area, initiate a search. We have two men down. One is a civilian, the other is Fayed. He's in custody. - I need medical up here now. - All right, Jack. Good work. Nadia, get me the president, please. I understand you're weak. More Adrenalin will raise your blood pressure even higher, to the point where we know there'll be vascular damage. - That's a risk I'm willing to take. - Your wellbeing is my responsibility. And my responsibility is the wellbeing of this country, so give me another dose or I will find someone else who will. - (beeping) - Mr President? Bill Buchanan on line one. I'll take it. Thank you, Arthur. Yes, sir. - Bill? - I'm calling to tell you - that Jack has Fayed in custody. - What about the bombs? We haven't finished the scan yet. We can't confirm the bombs are in the vicinity. Jack is going to interrogate Fayed as soon as possible. There's no way of knowing how successful that will be, right? - No, sir. - All right, Bill. That's what I wanted to know. Thank you, sir. The case was withdrawn. The court has no reason to retain the documents. They should be sealed and returned to me immediately. Good. Thank you. I was thinking that maybe it's time to declare a truce. OK. Well, maybe it is. I know we both want the same thing for this country, what's good for the country. We just don't always agree on the means. I would love to go forward without the threats and the intimidation. Done. Good. One more thing. Do you know why the vice president withdrew his suit from the Supreme Court? No. I've no idea. Why? One of my aides saw you with him before it was announced. I... I guess just put this down to happy coincidence. For now. But someday I'd love to know the real story. - (phone rings) - OK. Someday. Lennox. He... This cannot be. This has gotta be some mistake. I'm on my way. - President Palmer. - What? He's about to go ahead with the nuclear strike. Mr President? If I may, sir. I understand you're about to launch the very strike we just prevented Vice President Daniels from launching. - That's right. - This makes no sense, sir. - It's what you risked your life to stop! - I risked my life to reassert my authority. Vice President Daniels calling me weak. Even you thought the same thing. I implore you, sir, do not mistake being reckless with being strong. - I am done talking. - Mr President.