Next, Assad attempts to assassinate the president. You know we have cooperated with you since the inception of this crisis. - I had an understanding with your president. - Now have one with me. You help us find those nukes before another goes off, or I'm gonna unleash our military on your country. - I'm terminating the American. Confirm? - Yes. - The American shot Vasili in the basement. - Shut down the phone lines, DSL, everything. - Morris, I know how to find Gredenko. - (static on phone line) - Morris? - Jack? Jack? Jack Bauer is being held in the Russian consulate. Doyle will help you put a tactical profile together for an assault on the consulate. Our primary objective is to abduct Anatoly Markov, the consul. Markov knows how to find Gredenko, who controls the remaining three suitcase nukes. - The Americans are coming. - I thought you had that under control. - They'll soon have your position. - The drone is ready to launch. Arm the bomb. - What's going on at the Russian consulate? - Jack is somewhere inside. We have to go in. Drop your weapon! My name is Jack Bauer. You need to contact Buchanan. Fayed and Gredenko are in the Shadow Valley. Patch me in with Buchanan. - Medevac's on the way. How are you? - I'm fine. He may have rib fragments which can cause internal bleeding. He needs to be stabilised. I'm fine. I wanna be involved in this. CTU has the ball, Jack. Right now, this is out of your hands. We believe Gredenko has at least five RQ-2 aerial drones somewhere in Shadow Valley. RQ-2s? Unmanned aircraft which can be remotely piloted from anywhere. He's arming them with the nuclear weapons he provided to Fayed? Yes, sir. We're redirecting satellite coverage over the desert. The air force is scrambling F-16s. But you have no idea how close they are to launching these drones? No, sir, we don't. - All right, Bill. Keep me updated. - Yes, sir. - Bring the trucks around. We are moving out. - What's wrong? How many drones have been armed? - Just this one. - Dammit! We need to launch it now. Get it ready. - Go, go. - Tell me what's wrong. - What's wrong? - The Americans know our location. How? It was Markov, huh? Markov told them. All that matters is they know we are here. We need to launch the drone before they close in. We have three bombs and three targets. We'll find a way to deliver the other two bombs. All this time, we've tolerated your condescension, berating us for losing the other bombs. But now it's your fault. Markov was your man. Blame me all you want, but if we stay here we'll be captured or killed. Refit the bombs into their casings and load them on the truck. Do it now! Take them out! - We're accelerating our schedule. - Why? I don't have time to explain. I need you to launch drone 0709. I haven't finished implementing the evasion vectors. - They'll shoot it before it reaches its target. - Launch the drone. You'll execute evasion tactics once it's in the air. Yes, sir. We need to leave now. Come on, let's go. We're repositioning our satellites, sir. As soon as we make visual contact, we'll uplink a feed to you. (man) Just get me that intel, Yassir. Lives are at stake. Yes, sir. Are you OK? The truth? No, not really. We're gonna get through this, OK? I hope so. - Is there a problem, Chloe? - Yeah. Are you gonna tell us what it is? I was installing upgrades and I noticed you were using Milo's clearance code, which, if you didn't know, is a felony security breach. No, my system's been glitchy and I think I... It's not a glitch. She's been working with your ID, so unless she stole it, you gave it to her. Milo was just trying to help me do my work. Homeland Security sent down an order restricting my access because I was born in the Middle East. I've heard of that directive. It's wrong to racially profile our agents, but it's still a felony for you to be using Milo's code. Chloe, look, we... If you report this... We can't help the situation if we're fired and arrested. If I wanted to report you, I wouldn't be talking to you. I'm telling you this so that you'll be careful. I mean, I noticed it. Someone else is gonna notice it sooner or later. (phone rings) - (Buchanan) Nadia? - Yes, sir? Morris has a satellite visual on Shadow Valley. It looks like they've launched a single drone. - I'm conferencing with General Walsh. - I'll be there, sir. Coordinate with first responders in all target zones. - Put General Walsh through. - (woman) Sir, Bill Buchanan. - This is Walsh. - (Buchanan) We have contact with a drone. - We're tracking it. - It's heading northwest out of Shadow Valley. Altitude is 3300 feet and climbing. Velocity is 360 miles an hour. I'm looking at the specs on the RQ-2 now. It's got a low-profile design, virtually impossible to detect by radar. We'll need to manually guide F-16s to intercept. - We're uplinking a video feed now. - Have you determined its intended target? Yes. The closest target is downtown Los Angeles. That's a four-minute window. Maximum airspeed of an RQ-2 is 400 miles per hour. My F-16s should be able to intercept it within two minutes. That may be a problem. I can't find the drone. - The drone's gone. - How can it be gone? - It was passing between grids, but... - Use projected vectors. I am. It's just not where it's supposed to be. Until you find it, I'll have my F-16s stay in a holding pattern. (phone rings) - Yes? - I've accessed our connection to CTU. I've disabled their tracking capability. Then they cannot detect the drone? No, and I'll be able to keep it hidden from their satellites until we've hit the target. Good. I'll contact you again once we are out of the area. Sir, I was talking to Bill Buchanan. They were tracking one of the drones. - They've now lost visual contact with it. - Lost visual contact? It's unclearjust how, sir. They just simply can't find it. We have the most sophisticated satellite network. How did this happen? - CTU is still determining that, sir. - What about the military? They've got squadrons looking, but these drones are invisible to radar so the pilots are limited to making visual ID at night over hundreds of square miles. CTU has a ranked list of potential targets. They're running civil disaster scenarios. - Lisa? - Sir. Advance the meeting with the Joint Chiefs. - When do you want it to happen? - Right away. Wait, sir, why are we assembling the Joint Chiefs? I warned the ambassador, Tom. You heard me tell him that I'd hold his country responsible if another weapon was detonated on our soil. Sir, there is absolutely no evidence that his country either sponsored these attacks or is even in support of them. His people need to understand that I'm notjust rattling my sabre. They need to see with their own eyes that I will answer this threat with an in-kind military response. Wait. "In kind", sir? I want the Joint Chiefs to draw up our own target list for a nuclear strike. I won't let another attack go unanswered, Tom. At its speed, the drone should've reached LA, so we can eliminate us as a target. Soon I can take Santa Barbara and San Diego off the list. How many targets does that leave? Counting cities with populations over a million, 15. We have to narrow it down. Assuming they want the maximum civilian death toll, how many likely targets in range? Areas with the highest population density are San Francisco, Las Vegas and Phoenix. Confirm that first responders have deployed in those cities. Make sure the air force prioritises their search on that basis. (Morris) Yup. Give me the projected coordinates. Bill. Bill, did we pick up Gredenko? - We're working on it. - Bill, what happened? Gredenko escaped, but not before launching one of the drones. - How close is the air force to intercepting it? - Minutes away when it disappeared. We're still looking for it. Jack, get to Medical. There's nothing you can do here. - Just keep me informed, please. - I will. I want you to run point on the search for Fayed and Gredenko. Milo's in the situation room. I'll be right there. - I'll see you over at Medical. - Yes, sir. - Hey. Can we have a moment, please? - (woman) Certainly. - They said you were hurt. - I'm not. I'm fine. As soon as all of this is over, I'll come by and check on you and Josh. I always regretted things didn't work out between us, and... I always believed you did too. Maybe I was wrong. No, you weren't. Listen, Marilyn, before I was taken prisoner by the Chinese, I was with someone. She doesn't even know I'm still alive. I need to talk to her, see what happens. Are you talking about Audrey Raines? Yeah. You don't know, do you? Jack, I'm... I'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you this. Audrey's dead. I don't know the details, just what I read in the paper about her accident. - What accident? When? - It was a few months ago. It was a car accident, somewhere in China. China? Excuse me. I'm sorry. I have to go. (Chloe) There'll be channels open for first responders in at-risk cities. All first responders should coordinate... Why the hell didn't anybody tell me about Audrey? Mr Buchanan didn't wanna tell you because we all thought Fayed was going to kill you, but I probably should have. - I'm sorry. - She was in China looking for me? She was the one who figured out the Chinese had you. Apparently, she spent the past year going through back channels to get you out. The rest of it's classified by Division. I don't know any more. We were asked to send DNA records so they could ID the remains, which I guess they did. I want that file. - All right, Jack. - Now! - I have to dig it up in the archives. - Just do it. The secretary of defense and the chairman will be attending. The State will monitor via satellite and the cabinet will be provided with transcripts. You should also know that Karen Hayes will be attending. I thought I told you I wanted her excluded from this. She supported Wayne Palmer's policy of appeasement. She's gonna be a problem. There was nothing I could do. She's still acting National Security Advisor. But I believe, given the circumstances, any objection to your plans will not be able to gain traction. Well, I've known Karen Hayes for many years. It's always been a mistake to underestimate... her. Hello, Tom. Did somebody push you down the stairs? No, Karen. I tripped over your ineptitude. On that subject, welcome back. Look, Tom, I don't wanna play games. I won't let you blackmail me again, so do what you need to. I am here to represent the president and I intend to stay, all right? Fair enough. Karen? No one is sorrier than I am about what happened to Wayne. Well, at least we have that in common. (man) Karen. Please be seated. As many of you are aware, the terrorist who attacked us this morning, Abu Fayed, with the help of Dmitri Gredenko, has launched an aerial drone that we believe is armed with another nuclear bomb. Efforts are ongoing to locate this drone, but should those efforts fail, we're looking at a second attack on our country in less than ten hours. I am determined not to let this attack happen without a military response on our part. A military response directed against whom, Mr Vice President? We were under the impression the terrorists were stateless. Secretary Kanin, that is the fiction they hide behind, but everyone in this room knows that elements within Abu Fayed's country train and fund terrorist organisations like his. It is time to hold them accountable. The ambassador's just been informed that if the nuclear weapon on that drone detonates, we will retaliate with our own nuclear strike. Now, this will be a warning shot, not a full-scale attack. The Joint Chiefs have been instructed to identify an unpopulated area where there will be limited civilian casualties. Admiral? The closest match we have to that scenario is a territory near their northern border. This should result in fewer than 2,000 deaths. The damage from radioactive fallout could double that, depending on ground conditions. I can accept that. You're aware that our intelligence suggests their government can't control Fayed either. They are doing the best that they can. And I'm saying they need to figure out a way to do better. Something tells me that once this bomb hits, they will. If this bomb hits, the opposite will hold true. Moderates will be driven from power, the terrorist position will be strengthened, and I don't hear anyone talking about the Chinese or Russian response to this. We could start another world war. If I thought that was likely, I wouldn't be suggesting this. Mr Vice President, the stakes are too high for this decision to be based on your personal judgment. It is my opinion that this course of action would be dangerous and reckless. Consider your concern registered, Karen. But the debate is over. America must start to stand up for herself. The attacks on this country must stop. As acting commander in chief, I believe this is the best way to make that happen. Admiral, have a nuclear-strike sub standing by. Yes, Mr Vice President. Nadia. I never got those files you were gonna send me. Yeah, your system was overloaded so I gave them to Morris to take care of. - Morris? - Yeah. You really think he can handle it? Well, he seems to be himself again. You mean he's himself because he had a drink and he smoothed out? I don't think so. Hey, what are you doing? Setting up a reverse data stream on the drone's satellite intel, OK? Morris seems better. Is that a question? - Is he? - Yes. - Look, I need you to do me a favour. - No. I need you to check his breath. If he's better, great. If he's headed for another crash, we need to know about that. Fine. Thanks. - What was that for? - Just checking your breath. - He's fine. - Thank you. Got to love this place. - Tom? Tom. - Yes, Karen. I hear you. You can't be in favour of Daniels' plan for a nuclear strike. You heard the vice president. It's a warning shot into an unpopulated area. It is a military offensive on foreign soil, and you and I both know it will be impossible to contain. You know this is insane. I know you do. I saw you in that meeting, the doubt in your eyes. Do not presume to know what I am thinking or feeling. I serve at the discretion of those above me. You serve the interests of the president, and Wayne would not sign off on this action. Wayne was wrong. Every decision he made today was wrong - rejecting my security initiatives, using Assad as an appeal to extremist groups. - Look what we've been led to. - You can't seriously believe that. It doesn't matter what I believe. As long as the president is in a coma, Daniels is the acting commander in chief. If you want him to abort that missile launch, you had better pray that CTU can find and stop that drone. We've got ground teams looking for Fayed and Gredenko. Sat support's dedicated to the drone so there's not much to go on. Caltrans doesn't have cameras in the outlying areas. We figured out how the drone can stay hidden from our satellites. Whoever is piloting it can anticipate our directives, - flying through the gaps in the images. - How? Our data is being relayed to the drone pilot through a work station here. We have a leak. - One of our own people? - It looks that way. - Can you isolate the work station? - No, it's being masked. Morris is working on it now, but there are over 50 stations. It could take an hour. We don't have an hour. Run a trace match on Nadia Yassir's station. - Why Nadia? - Do it. - Just because she's Muslim... - It's protocol. She's already been tagged and given restricted clearance. And, yeah, she is a Muslim. That's enough to go on. Everyone here is thinking it, even if they won't say it. - You're a racist. - Milo, I understand your distaste. But we have to vet every system. There's no reason not to start with hers. No, sir, there's every reason. Nadia is 100°/° loyal to this country. She is not a terrorist. Is this based on knowledge? Or because you're itching to sleep with her? - You son of a... - All right! That's enough. Agent Doyle, that was way out of line. We don't have time for personal differences. We have to find who's subverting our system. It is Nadia. - The signature trace matches her computer. - Shut down her station. I'm trying. The only way is to reboot CTU's mainframe. We'd be without system power for 20 minutes. Get security on the floor now. - Surrender your station. - Excuse me? - Who are you streaming data to? - What? - Where is the pilot? - Doyle, dammit, that's enough! - Take her to Holding. - Bill, don't let him do this. Bill, I'm innocent. I'm not a traitor. Let go of me! Morris, secure her station. See if you can run a back trace on that leak, find out where the feed is going. Excuse me. Victor, what is the drone's current position? 130 miles southeast of the target. Have you locked in the GPS coordinates? Yes. The bomb will detonate over San Francisco within 20 minutes. Yes. 15cc's, and I want the drip to stay steady. Add in some glucose after about an hour. If you see any movement, a twitch of the eyelids, you get me. Got it? (woman) Yes, sir. - Dr Welton, I need to speak with you. - I don't have much time, Ms Hayes. - What's the president's condition? - It's worsened. There was a build-up of pressure. We had to induce a coma to relieve the swelling. - I see. - The good news is we stopped it in time. Doesn't seem to have been any damage and his vitals are surprisingly strong. He's a fighter. We have that much going for us. Excuse me. - Doctor? - Yes. Is there any way to bring the president back to consciousness? I know this is an unusual request, but it's a matter of national security that I speak with him. It could pose a serious risk to his life. I couldn't authorise it. Who could? I'd need consent from his family. His sister's here, but I'd advise against it. If the swelling isn't contained, the president could suffer permanent brain damage. I have to go, Ms Hayes. This is insane. - Nadia can't be involved in this. - The signal was routed through her station. You really believe that Nadia's helping the terrorists? I don't wanna believe it, but I really don't know. - (Milo) Doyle's an ass. - He's doing his job. If we want him to stop, we have to prove she's innocent. - Hello. I think I've got something. - What is it? I've set up a feedback pulse. Whoever Nadia's feeding her data to will read it as static, but we may be able to ride the pulse back to its source, find the location of the pilot. - I've got it. 1530 Hillcrest. - Hillcrest? That's close. - Bloody close. Three blocks away. - Tell Buchanan. I'm asking you once again, cooperate. Help me put an end to this. I'm warning you, I will do what's necessary to get the answers I need. Do you understand? Do you understand? I understand everything. I read your file. I know what you did in Denver. You enjoy hurting people. You get off on it. We're not here to talk about me. We're here to talk about what you know. I don't know anything! Get away from her, Doyle. - I said, let her go. - What the hell are you doing? We got the drone pilot's location through Nadia's computer. - Where is it? - Three blocks from here. 1530 Hillcrest. We're not through with her, Milo. Are you OK? Milo, you know I didn't have anything to do with this? Get out of here. (man talks indistinctly) - What's going on? - We have a location on the pilot. We're mobilising now. As you know, whoever's piloting the drone is operating in close proximity to CTU. I'm instituting a level-one security lockdown. All provisional safeguards are in effect until further notice. Let's go to work. Marcy. Contact LAPD. Have them coordinate with Tactical. Seal off the perimeter. Yes, sir. Chloe, did they confirm the address? - It's a relay station. I have the building specs. - I need a PDA and a phone. - I'll get them. - Thanks. - Jack, what are you doing? - I'm going with the team. - You're injured. You should be in Medical. - You should've told me about Audrey, Bill. We were asking for your life. It wasn't right to tell you about her accident. - She was murdered. - No one knows for sure. I do. Audrey gave her life trying to get me out of prison because she thought I was worth it. I'm not gonna let her die for nothing now. I'm gonna finish this, then I'm gonna track down the people responsible for her murder and I'm gonna take care of them too. Please, you have to let me finish this. All right. I'll tell Doyle you're running point. Thank you. The drone is approaching the city. Beginning descent. How long until the bomb detonates? At its current speed, the drone will reach the target perimeter within three minutes. It will detonate when it reaches the perimeter line. I'll bring it in at an altitude of 500 feet to achieve maximum damage. Don't worry. Everything is set. It will happen exactly as you planned. Concentrate on the task at hand, then call me when it's done. Yes, sir. We're in position. The gate was open. There's a truck parked behind the building. The intrusion into our system is coming from a room in the northwest corner. I'm looking at a schematic. Your most direct route is through the entrance to the left. - OK. You get that? - Yeah. - Do you want me on point? - I got it. Let's go. Whatever you say. (clatter) What was that? Go check. (Doyle) Get a medic. It's Jack. Do you copy? - We copy. - What's your status? The drone pilot is down. I'm at his controls. The target is San Francisco. Repeat, target is San Francisco. Alert law enforcement and first responders and open a channel with the control centre up there. These are for navigation. There is no way to deactivate the bomb. - CTU, we're linking you in. - It's coming. Is there any way for you to determine the triggering mechanism? They wired a GPS module into the bomb. It'll detonate as soon as it crosses its perimeter. I'm trying to steer it away. Don't turn it too sharply or it'll stall and you'll lose control. Copy that. On its current course, the drone will cross the perimeter and detonate in 30 seconds. (beeping) - Jack, you're getting a stabiliser warning. - I see it. - 20 seconds. - Come on. Ten seconds. (Jack) OK, it's turning. - It did not cross the perimeter. - I'm fighting a stall. I'm losing control. I need to find a place to land it. According to the specs, it's gonna need 500 feet of runway to land. Closest to the drone's position, there's a residential road straight ahead. - Negative. Find an area that's unpopulated. - Hold on. If you can get farther east, there's an industrial park. I'm uploading the coordinates. Have Regional Command deploy units immediately. (woman) Operations. Come on. The drone is down. None of the first responders are reporting a detonation. The bomb did not go off. - Jack, did you copy? - Yeah. Can we get a visual from anyone at the site? I'm showing a fire-and-rescue unit already arriving at the scene. - What's the status on the pilot? - He's alive, barely. Do whatever you have to to get him conscious. (sirens) (machine beeps) - Get the Geiger counter. - Yes, sir. (machine crackles) Move out! There's radioactive material in this area. - Fall back and wait for hazmat. - (man) Move it! Sir, I have Bill Buchanan on line one. - Bill, what do you have? - Mr Vice President. The drone was intercepted before the bomb detonated. - Thank God. - Congratulations, sir. We were able to take control of the aircraft, crash-landing it at the edge of the city. But the bomb's core was compromised and radioactive material was released. So what we're dealing with is a dirty bomb? Sir, this was not a dispersal device. It was a radiological spill. It was an attack on our nation. - Are there casualties? - Local responders got there first. They were exposed to fatal radiation, but so far it appears that radioactive material was not widely dispersed. Casualties should be minimal. At least we've got that to be grateful for. Thanks, Bill. - Proceed with the warning strike. - Sir, the primary attack was averted. CTU was successful. There will be civilian deaths as well as environmental damage. I hardly consider that a success! The damage will be minimal compared to what we avoided. Sir, I think we should consider ourselves fortunate. Tom? Sir. Mr Vice President, we were led to believe that this warning shot would be fired only in response to the detonation of a nuclear device. That is a technicality, Tom. I gave fair warning to the prime minister and I intend to carry it out. Secretary Kanin, how long will it take to move the submarine into position? Once you've given the order, within the hour.