among your people. They will come after you. Authorise clearance for someone to get in the bunker. Once he's inside, he'll carry the ball. You mean kill the president? - We have a cover. - Who? Assad. Assad? You're trying to make it look like he did this? This is Lennox. I need to speak to the ranking agent on site. Carson wondered if you were playing us. He didn't want to bring you into this, but I defended you! Nothing justifies the killing of a president. The delivery-system software was programmed for five high-priority targets. Because of your carelessness, we are now down to three. More than enough for our needs, Gredenko. I don't want to be exposed any longer than necessary. Do the authorities know we work with Fayed? If they don't, they will soon. Bill, it's Jack. I've got the address for Gredenko's safe house. A team will be there any minute. - (man) Clear! - (man #2) Clear! (man) Mr Buchanan, there's no sign of Gredenko or anyone. That call. That was from Gredenko. You tipped him off. Now over half my team is dead! It wasn't Gredenko on the phone. Those aren't his men. - Who sent them?! - Your father. He has my son! Take a look out the window, the adjacent roof. Dad, it's over. There is no empire to protect. There is no legacy left. I'm the one you want. You let Josh go, I will surrender. You could have had it all. What are you waiting for? Do it! - Who am I talking to? - It's Charles Logan, Jack. You must have exhausted all your options to find Gredenko. Come and see me. Come alone. - (Gredenko) Go ahead. - We're on our way. - Good. We've arrived. - Is the shipment there from Nevada? No, they are behind schedule, but they will be here any moment. How soon can you deploy once we arrive? It will take us two hours to assemble the delivery system and run diagnostics, another hour to secure the payload. That's longer than I'd hoped. Listen, we are working with advanced technology. It can't be rushed. Remember, without us you'd be delivering your payload in weeks instead of hours. I haven't forgotten. It seems necessary to remind you now and then. I'll be glad when we no longer have to deal with these people. They are living in the Dark Ages, but they act like they own the world. I'd much rather be fighting them. If we succeed today, we'll never have to. The Arabs and the West can destroy each other. The ambassadorjust arrived. He's in the waiting area. Good. Will Tom Lennox be joining us? I spoke to Reed Pollock. He says Mr Lennox is briefing the speaker and minority leader. When Tom's finished, tell him I want to see him, please. Mr Ambassador. It's good to see you again, sir. Mr President, first allow me to express my country's shock and deep regret over the devastating attack in California. Thank you, sir. Of course, any assistance you may require, you need only ask. I'm asking you now, sir. That's why you're here. I believe you know Hamri Al-Assad. Mr Ambassador. I have never met Mr Assad in person, but I know him by reputation. His organisation has carried out terrorist actions against my country. Your own policies precipitated those actions. That's yourjustification for killing innocents? We define "innocent" in different ways. My own deputy lost his seven-year-old son in one of your bombings. - That is how I define "innocent". - We are not here to air past differences. Then why are we here? In our last meeting, I told you we were in contact with Assad. You told me it was a positive step. And I meant it at that time. But I must confess, after the last attack, I didn't expect to see you in the same room with... him. And I'm not so sure I care to remain here either. It is no more pleasant for me, Your Excellency. Would you give us a moment? Certainly. Assad is here because of the attack. To be frank, sir, we have three more nuclear weapons loose in my country in the hands of terrorists. - We didn't know that. - In one hour, Assad will go on television and issue a statement. It will be a global appeal to extremists. He'll urge them to put down their arms and engage in peaceful negotiation with the West. Now, we are hoping to compel someone to come forward with any information. A petition like this, coming from Assad, it could have a profound effect. - We're counting on that. - What do you need from us? I want a statement of support from your prime minister, to follow right on the heels of Assad's. Mr Assad is a polarising figure in my country. A public endorsement of him could have grave political consequences for the prime minister. Tell your prime minister we have a carrier group operating less than 25 miles off his shores. My advisers are pressing me hard for a military response, so if we are attacked again... I won't be able to hold them off. - This is sounding like an ultimatum. - It's not an ultimatum. I'm merely pointing out the fact that neither the prime minister nor I have the, uh, luxury of worrying about the consequences on a day like today. I am putting my presidency on the line, so please stop handing me excuses. Get on the phone and make this happen. Nadia, what's the status? Turner's team completed a second sweep, but the results were negative. If Gredenko was using this address, he did a good job of cleaning up after he left. There was one operating land line. Morris is checking to see if there was recent activity. Morris. - Morris! - Yes. - Any luck on the land line? - No. I mean, not yet. They must have used an inverter to stack their calls, cos I can't get any records out. Mr Buchanan, Jack Bauer's on the line. Go ahead. I'm near the airport across the street from the Grandmont Hotel. - I know. What's going on? - It's complicated. Were the units dispatched? Two units are on the way. I'll have them meet you. OK. I want you to contact LAPD. Have them set up a five-block perimeter around the hotel. - They need to take my father into custody. - Your father? He's involved. I'll debrief you when we've got time. - Did you pick up anything on Gredenko? - No. Glasgow Street house was deserted. We're processing it, but we've come up empty. - We can't be sure Gredenko was there. - I might have a lead. - What is it? - Charles Logan. Logan? I spoke to him. He says he has information. - How did you trace this to Logan? - Through my father. I need you to get me a helicopter to take me to him. He's in Hidden Valley under house arrest. How? He was involved in the murder of David Palmer. He brokered a deal. He plead guilty to obstruction ofjustice. The public never knew of his involvement in aiding terrorists or Palmer's assassination. - Get me a helicopter. - We have one in the area. Shouldn't take more than a couple of minutes. Thank you. - Marilyn. - Jack. What happened? My father escaped. I don't know where he is. I want you both to go back to CTU. Josh, I know there's a lot to explain, and when this is over you and I are gonna sit down and I will talk you through what happened. - OK. - Let's go. - You're not coming? - No. Gredenko wasn't at the house. I need to follow up another lead. - Take these people back to CTU. - Yes, sir. Josh, get in. Jack, thank you. Thank you for saving my son. He reminds me of you. I can see it in his eyes. - Marilyn, please, you have to go. - OK. I'll take those, sir. Step on through. - Thank you. - Sir. Gentlemen. Sign in, sirs. - We'll need to process you again, Mr Carson. - Of course. - What's your occupation? - Policy analyst with the Stanton Institute. - State your business here. - I'm here to consult on defence procedures. At the request of Tom Lennox. Test. One, two, three. (plays back) Test. One, two, three. - Thank you, sirs. - Thank you. Thank you. We've got a problem. Lennox tried to warn Secret Service about us. - What? - I stopped him before he alerted anyone, but I had to restrain him. You said that he was on board. I thought that he was. Either he's changed his mind or he's been playing us all along. Regardless, we're gonna have to deal with him. Son of a bitch! We've gotta move him. I'm gonna need this space. Get me some tape. Let's go. Over here. Sit down. Hands behind your back. We're gonna have to take care of him, make it look like a suicide. OK. No. No. Eliminating Palmer is for the good of the country, it's the only way to get him out of office. Killing Tom Lennox only benefits us. - We don't have any choice. - Tom Lennox is a very smart man. I think that once Vice President Daniels is holding the reins and enacting the policies that Lennox himself created, we can convince him to keep quiet. I'm not gambling my life on Lennox's good judgment. It's a risk, but it is a risk that I am willing to take. We're not cold-blooded murderers, we're just trying to save our country. We do not have time to resolve this. Assad goes before the cameras within an hour. You said it would take 25 minutes to assemble this? - 25 to 30. - Then you'd better get started now. To frame Assad for the assassination, this bomb has to explode when they're together. We're never going to have a better chance than now. Reed. (sighs) Yes, Melinda. I'm still waiting for the stats Tom promised me. Tom just emailed them to you. They should be on your screen. OK. By the way, is Tom in his office? Uh, no. No. Um, Tom is down in conference B. He's meeting with some policy analysts. I just came from Conference B. Secret Service is in there. Well, they must have switched to another room, then. Listen, I'll try to track Tom down for you. - What is it? - I have to uplink traffic vectors to the sub net. I've been trying, I've been trying, and itjust won't go through. - Check your SIP adaptor. - What about my SIP adaptor? You've specified the wrong slot assignment. Oh. What an idiot. Thank you. That'll work. - Did you call your sponsor? - I'm getting tired of the third degree. I didn't tell anyone you took a drink. - I didn't take a drink. I spat it out. - You promised you'd call your sponsor. - And I did. - Well? We had this long talk. I feel a lot better. Really. You're not acting like it. Why don't we install a breathalyser? Will that satisfy you? I just wanna make sure you're OK. I helped terrorists arm a nuclear bomb today. I'm not OK. That doesn't mean to say I can't do my job. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to swap out this server port. - Where's Morris? - He's swapping out a server port. He's supposed to be checking on Gredenko's land line. Well, he's juggling a lot right now. We're all trying to pick up the slack. - I'm wondering if it's more than that. - What? He's been tortured. He's under stress. Maybe he should be pulled. Yeah, he's a little upset, but he's better than 90°/° of the tech people here. We need Morris on the floor. All right, but I'm keeping my eye on him. If I see anything I don't like, I go to Buchanan. Fine. Hi, this is Jeannie. I'm not here right now. Please leave a message and I'll call you back. Hi, Jeannie. This is Chloe O'Brian. You don't know me, but I'm Morris's ex-wife. Could you call me back as soon as possible? It's important. I'm at 310-597-3781. Thank you. Nadia. Jack will be arriving at Logan's estate any moment. I want TAC teams on alert and prepped for redeployment. We're out of leads. Let's hope Jack can get something from Logan. Can we have a moment, please? It must have been hard for you to find out about your father's involvement. I'm not here to talk about my father. Dmitri Gredenko, what do you know about him? I know Gredenko supplied Fayed with five Russian nukes, one of which exploded in Valencia and one of which you managed to disarm. - So that leaves us three we need to recover. - That's correct. I get regular intelligence updates and I still have my sources. So, you need Gredenko to find Fayed. - Can you help us? - Yes, I can. But you want some kind of plea agreement. You're unbelievable. I don't blame you for thinking that, Jack. But I want you to know I'm not the same man I was two years ago, just as you're not the man who was dragged away and thrown into a Chinese prison. I've changed. I've had time to think about what I did. I've had time to reconnect to my faith. So, no, I don't want a pardon and I wouldn't accept it if it was offered to me. - What do you want? - Nothing. I want to give you the information you need, with no conditions. I'm listening. I never dealt with Gredenko directly, but I know how to find him. - How? - Through Anatoly Markov. He's a Russian consul general here in LA. CTU contacted the consul general when we saw Gredenko's name on the list. - He denied knowledge of his whereabouts. - (chuckles) Markov's lying. - He's been the liaison for Gredenko for years. - Liaison for what? For business concerns looking to acquire the products that Gredenko provides. No, don't. Don't make the wrong play, Jack. If you go down official channels, you'll end up in a hopeless maze. Markov has friends in the Russian government who can protect him indefinitely. If you wanna access what he knows right now, you need to go through back channels. - What back channels? - Me. I'm your best chance to get the information. - What are you proposing? - That I speak to Markov myself, in person. - Why would Markov talk to you? - Because I have leverage. Markov was involved in the conspiracy that put me where I am today. I didn't give him up, but he knows I still can. I don't trust you. If you wanna find Gredenko, maybe it's time you started. - Go ahead, Jack. - Mr President, thank you for taking my call. - You said it was urgent. - We have a way of finding Gredenko. It was my understanding we lost Gredenko. Do we have a new lead? Yes, sir. Mr President, the lead is Charles Logan. - Logan? - Yes, sir. I'm with him now. He claims his administration had dealings with Gredenko and he has a contact. - Who? - Anatoly Markov. The Russian consul in Los Angeles. When we learned about Gredenko, I called the consulate. That's a dead end. Not to Logan. He wants to meet with Markov in the consulate in person. He says that's the only way we can get the information we need. Jack... Logan is under house arrest. That's why I'm calling you, Mr President. We need an executive order granting Logan a temporary furlough. Do you know what you're asking? Logan was behind the assassination of my brother. I would not call if I didn't think it necessary. I don't trust this man, Jack. This could be some manoeuvre to gain his freedom. I understand, but we need to take a chance on him. I will enter the consulate with Logan as part of a security detail. Sir, I believe we can trust him. I think he's after something else. - And what exactly would that be? - Redemption. Jack, I have no desire to facilitate any kind of redemption for Logan. Mr President, right now he's the only way we're gonna find Gredenko and the bombs. Put him on. He wants to talk to you. - Hello, Mr President. - I want to hear it from your lips. Tell me why I should agree to this. Because you need me, Mr President. Simple as that. - I can talk to the Russian consul myself. - You could, but you'd be wasting your time. I have a prior relationship with Markov that we can exploit. With due respect, sir, I have more experience of dealing with people of Markov's character. You mean criminals like yourself? I know how he thinks, and that's an advantage you can't afford to ignore. I want you to know that if this is a move to escape custody, I will commit the resources of my administration to hunt you down. I can assure you, I have nothing like that in mind. Several years ago I was in the same situation and reached out to your brother... for counsel. David helped me successfully navigate that crisis. Yes, he did. And you repaid him by killing him. I would like to do for you what your brother did for me - help you get through this. Don't assume this represents forgiveness on my part. I understand that, Mr President, but I hope, over time, to earn your forgiveness. Put Jack on the phone. - Yes, Mr President. - I'm granting the furlough. - Just make it count, Jack. - I'll do my best. Thank you, Mr President. This isn't easy for you, is it, Jack? What? The possibility I may not be the same man you hated for so long. You are late. Did you have any trouble? We had to bypass a vehicle inspection in Riverside. Other than that, a smooth trip. Good. Let's have a look. (Russian) The US military has spent millions to develop this drone. Today American taxpayers will get a demonstration of what their money has produced. According to Charles Logan, Anatoly Markov, the head of the consulate, has information on Gredenko. Logan and Bauer are going to see Markov now. I want comm locked on any communication outside, and possibly inside, the consulate. Are you still the lead on decoding diplomatic communication leaving the consulate? - Yes. - I want you to hand that over to Chloe. - Why? - Because of what you've been through. I'm not sure you can handle it, and we can't afford any mistakes. - Look, I'm... - I want you to take over Morris's workload. - Hold on... - It's OK. No. No, no. It's not OK. It's not OK. I'd like to say something to everyone. I'm very sorry that I gave the reprogramming device to Fayed. If I could take it back, I would, but I can't. And if you don't think that I can do my job, Mr Buchanan, then I should leave. But I can do my job. OK, Morris. - Give your task full priority. - Thank you. Mr Buchanan, I have to disagree with your decision. - I'm sorry, but I don't think you're ready. - Your objection is noted, Nadia. My decision stands. You're wasting your energy and you're distracting me. The president's gonna die. There's nothing you can do about it. They're starting to ask questions about Tom. Are you on schedule? I told you the bomb would be ready in 30 minutes. OK. - Is there a problem? - No. You can't go soft on us now, Reed. No, it's... it's just starting to hit me. What we're about to do. My God. We're killing the President of the United States. We're trying to save this country. That's all you need to think about. Chloe, look at the function prototypes on Morris's report. - What's the problem? - Take a look. - You mean the missing sectors? - Yes, the missing sectors. Did Buchanan make a mistake by reinstating Morris too soon? No. The Pentagon put a lock on these items. I told him we'd backfill them later. It's not gonna be to anyone's benefit if you're covering for him. I'm not. Fine. Morris, I need you to tell me the truth. Have you been drinking? I just had a couple of beers, love. Don't be sarcastic. Your data merge is incomplete. I had to cover for you... - Wait. What was incomplete? - Look... For crying out loud. These are irrelevant. I only fill them in when I file my final report. Nadia wants these completed. Nadia only wants to prove to Buchanan that she was right and that I shouldn't be here. - No one is out to get you. - Look, even I know that I shouldn't be here. There's a big part of me that wants to go home, crawl into bed and forget this day ever happened. But I'm staying because CTU needs me. (man on TV) As events unfold in Los Angeles, the rest of the country has been galvanised into action as well. Authorities in all major metropolitan areas, including those hit in the attacks recently, are now urgently stepping up efforts to protect their citizens. Indeed, the entire nation is on alert and moving toward a state of full readiness, but that could take some time to accomplish. Clearly, what has happened in California could happen anywhere in the country. And with hundreds of millions of lives at stake across America, all available resources will be utilised, but also severely strained. Surely this will place a huge burden... He brought me out of a horrible pit and set my feet upon a rock... and established my goings. One step at a time, Charles. One step at a time. Logan is ready. We should get to the consulate in 45 minutes. - What have you got on Markov? - We ran his name through the sub net. He's a career diplomat. Assigned consul general in '96. Worked in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the Russian Federation. No red flags from NSA, Interpol or CIA. As far as they're concerned, he's clean. - What if he isn't telling the truth? - We're out of options. I have to trust him. - We have no jurisdiction at the consulate. - Just make sure we have teams ready. All right. (dials phone) - O'Brian. - Chloe, contact the highway patrol. Clear a corridor from Logan's estate to the consulate. Yes, sir. (phone rings) - Hello? - Hi. This is Jeannie. You left a message. - Yeah. Thanks for getting back to me. - What can I do for you? I know you talked to Morris earlier and this is probably out of line and against your confidentiality agreement, but I'm really worried about him. I'm sorry. I haven't spoken to Morris since I left the programme three years ago. Hello? OK. Sorry to bother you. - Have you seen Morris? - No, sorry. - (man) IT. - Is Morris there? I haven't seen him, but if he comes down I'II... - Morris? - Chloe? Morris, what are you doing in there? Open the door! - What the hell is going on? - I called Jeannie. - She hasn't talked to you in three years. - Are you crazy? I trusted you. I put my job on the line. You lied to me. - I didn't lie. - You did. I didn't lie to you. Jeannie's not my sponsor any more. Ted is. - Ted? - Remember Ted with the hair? He's my sponsor. I called him, just like I told you. I'll give you his number. Not now! I don't know what to say. I was worried about you. Marching into a men's room isn't worried, it's obsessed. Now, I appreciate your concern - I love your concern - but, darling, you have to take a look at what's going on in your head. It's not pretty. Sorry. Mr President. From the attorney-general, sir. The executive order authorising President Logan's release. - Thank you. - The director wanted you to know they'll be ready for a rehearsal with Assad in five minutes. Fine. Melinda. - Have we heard from Tom Lennox? - No, sir. There's no answer at his office. Find him. I want him present for a signed statement. (coughs) Sir, I'll take that off of you. I'm gonna clean up that cut. If you try to call out, Carson will kill you and I cannot stop him. You understand? OK. You've got to put a stop to this. No. Mr Lennox, when this is done and the president is out of the way, I think that you will see things differently. I think you will see that this is better for our country. No. You're going to destroy this country, Reed. You're just as bad as Fayed. No, no. There must have been a moment when you were on board with this plan. Were you playing us from the beginning? Were you? Or did you change your mind along the way? I need to know. Then know this... I was against you from the start. (phone rings) That's very disappointing. Hello. Ah, yes. Hello, Melinda. Uh, yes. I'm just with Tom right now. He's just finishing the briefing. I understand. I will let Mr Lennox know right away. OK. Thanks. The president asked for Lennox. Let's move. I'm almost done. Finished. - It's armed. - OK. Now, this is the detonator. Press "6-2-4-enter" and a signal will activate the bomb. OK. "6-2-4-enter." Yeah. Once the signal's been sent, it'll take 15 seconds for the chemicals to intermix. The kill radius is only ten feet. Make sure Palmer is inside it. Are you sure you can do it? I'm the only one who can get close enough to that podium without attracting attention. I can do this. All right, everyone. Rehearsal's up in five minutes. Please notify the president. Can we have some water for the podium? - Sure. - Thank you. Before we continue, I would just like to express my appreciation. - You're taking a great risk, Mr President. - You and I both share in that risk, sir. And maybe that, in and of itself, is something of a victory. I just hope that someone will listen to our appeal. You sound sceptical. The people we're trying to reach abandoned the political process a long time ago. All we need to do is create a foundation... to build on. The rest will follow. - Reed. - Mr President. This is Hamri Al-Assad. Mr Pollock is our deputy chief of staff. - How do you do? - Hello, sir. If you want to get comfortable behind the podium, I need to speak to Reed. Of course. - (man) Mr Al-Assad. - Yes. Would you like to review the Teleprompter copy before you rehearse? I've been trying to reach Tom for the past hour. - Is there something I should know? - Something you should know, Mr President? Reed, I know how Tom feels about this address, but I was under the impression that he put his opposition aside and was working with me to make this policy succeed. I'm sure that that's a valid impression, Mr President. - Then he'll be here. - Yes, sir. Yes, sir. He will be here. Good. (hissing) (Ioud rumbling) You try that again and I'll kill you. You understand? I should kill you, anyway. With the president dead, nobody's gonna think why his chief of staff hanged himself. - Here we go for a rehearsal. - I'm going to check on Tom, Mr President. I'll give you a seven-second countdown. The last four seconds will be silent. All right. Here we go in seven, six, five... What is this? Bomb! (alarm/shouting) Sir. Excuse me. Stand back. (agent) Spread out. Find him! - Got him! - The president's been found! Code five in sector three. Citadel has been hit. Send a medical team.