and he had a heart attack. You stood there and you watched a man die. Complex problems sometimes have the simplest solutions. - We can't cover this thing up. - We can and we will. - The deal was we get paid in full. - The deal changed when you went to Mexico. After you've hit the hotel, you get the rest of your money. - Where's the virus, you son of a bitch? - You're too late, Jack. - We've got Amador. - What about the virus? - We've got a high-probability target. - What is it? The Chandler Plaza Hotel on Wilshire. - How can I help? - There's a threat against your hotel. Do not allow anybody in or out of the structure. - What's the nature of the threat? - The release of an infectious substance. If this virus gets out, you die, just like everyone else. Gael, the virus is in the central ventilation unit. This is Agent Ortega. A toxic substance has been released into the forced air unit. My God. We need to shut down the unit. Where's the control panel? On your left there's a row of fuses running down the right side, one for each floor. This toxic release, how bad is it? Agent Ortega? Just taking precautions, Mr Phillips. How much of the virus was released? Enough to kill everyone in the building. Did you plant vials anywhere else? Don't you get it? We're all going to die. Did you plant any other vials? My assignment was the hotel. So there are others? Yes. How many? 11, but I don't know where they are. (phone rings) Keep an eye on him. - Dessler. - What's the status? Alvers planted a vial in the ventilation system. It was on a timing device and it went off as Gael was trying to disarm it. - He was in direct contact? - Yeah. He's shutting down the system, but we have to assume it's permeated the building. Within 14 hours, anybody exposed to the virus will become symptomatic. They'll infect whoever they come in contact with. Yeah, I know. No one can leave. We have to impose a total quarantine. - We'll scramble a code-six perimeter. - We have to be careful. If people realise what's going on, there'll be panic. Our people will hold a 100-yard radius, stay out of sight. LAPD and Health Services will move in adjacent to the hotel. Good. The vial that Alvers planted, he said there are 11 more. - Alvers told you this? - I just left him. You just left him? Michelle, he could have been exposed to the virus. How'd he get outside the hotel? Michelle? He didn't leave the hotel. He's still in the basement. Are you inside? Yeah. What the hell are you doing in there? I wasn't trying to be a hero. It was the only decision I could make. - How far are you from the ventilation room? - I'm not sure. Health Services is bringing protective gear. Put it on as soon as they get there. If we can get you out, we can isolate you... - Tony, I can't leave. - I'm ordering you to get out! That's an order I can't obey. There are only seven other agents, including Gael, and a hotel full of people that need to be contained. Communications, testing, it all has to be coordinated. - I'm the ranking officer. - Michelle, look... If I've been exposed, there's nothing anyone can do. Alvers said there were 11 more vials. He said he doesn't know where they are. I believe him. Tony? Yeah. I have to go. Call me when you have a working protocol. - Can I have a moment? - Yes, sir. You and I both know I don't have a lot of time here. I need to know who's behind this. You said he knows me. Just give me a name. Do what you want to me. I'm telling you nothing. We found the incubator with the virus in it in the room next door. If you don't tell me what I need to know, I'll put you in there and I'll open it up. - Then I'll die. But I won't talk. - (phone rings) - Bauer. - Jack, this is Chappelle. The virus has been released into the ventilation system of the Chandler Plaza. Alvers says there are 1 1 other vials but won't or can't tell us where they are. - Amador's our only other link, Jack. - He says whoever's behind this knows me. Is it someone you worked with or against? - That's what we're trying to figure out. - Bring Amador back. We don't have time. We don't know when the 11 other vials are gonna be released. - We'll put him in a room with Richards. - You put Nina in a room with Richards. You got no information and three dead agents. Let me handle this. - You're gonna have to trust me. - All right. Jack, we got some readings off the incubator. That was Ryan. The virus has been released at the Chandler Plaza Hotel. There are 11 other vials. We don't know where they are or when they're gonna be released. He probably does. He says he'd rather be dead than talk, and I believe him. It's not gonna matter, though. As soon as we have his boss in custody, we'll turn him over as a witness. - Always thinking, aren't you, Jack? - Shut up. Take the wall. Knees. We'll be right back. Powder was ground into particles small enough to suspend it in the air. Most windows at the hotel don't open, so the contaminated air would just circulate within the hotel. We could contain it. - Tony, it's Nicole Duncan. - You on your way to the hotel? Yeah, we'll be there as fast as we can. - What's the status? - We're setting up a covert perimeter. We're bringing a mobile lab to test people inside. That can only be accomplished if the situation is stable. Michelle's got that covered. She's inside the hotel? Unprotected? Yeah. Look, I'll get back to you. Here's the protocol. No one's allowed to leave or communicate with the outside. Health Services will establish a perimeter. LAPD'll move in as soon as the area's deemed safe. Have they been given degree-of-force parameters? No, that's your call. One person gets out, it could start a ripple effect of transmission throughout the city. Orders are to shoot to kill anyone who attempts to leave. No exceptions. Michelle, all the exits have been secured. Good. Shut down the elevators and the phone system. - It's that serious? - Potentially, yes. No one can leave. Our first priority is to prevent a panic. Shutting down operations will create one. People still have their cellphones. - We're aiming a jamming signal at the hotel. - How do you stay in contact with CTU? Our phones operate on pinhole frequency. We won't be affected. - Is anyone gonna survive this? - That's what we're here to ensure. We're gonna rely on your leadership. You and your employees will be our first line of defence, OK? We also need to shut down the fire alarm. It's hard-wired to the main grid. It has to be shut down one node at a time. - I'll take care of it. - Thank you. We've probably got an hour before people start waking up. Where's Alvers? He's downstairs with Peterson. He gave up nothing except that there are more vials. Gael, I know you wouldn't have been exposed to the virus if it wasn't for me. You didn't have us do anything we wouldn't have done on our own. Margolis. I'm gonna need you to stay for a while. I can't put in OT. My wife's a week overdue. The ventilation system may have released an irritant into the air. - I need personnel to deal with the guests. - I'm not a doctor. What can I do? The Health Department are on their way. I will get you outta here as soon as I can. (phone rings) - This is Bauer. - Dad, Amador's left the building. - Which way is he headed? - I'm triangulating him. - We're on. Hurry, Kim. - He's heading south on Western at 16th. OK. We're on our way. - How many people in the hotel? - About a thousand. All right. Call the governor. If this thing spreads and there's a citywide panic, he has to be ready to mobilise state troopers and the National Guard. Yes, Mr President. But I want him to hold off the order until he hears from us. OK. - Sorry. - Hi. You look tired. David, I'm bringing you a problem, but I'm also bringing you a solution. - Let's hear the problem. - Julia Milliken. She was interviewed by the police about Alan's death and she's claiming I had something to do with it. Did you? Does that really matter? Only you could say that, Sherry. You always claim to want the truth, but your whole life you've been surrounded by people who've protected you from it. - I never asked to be protected. - But the fact remains you have been. Tonight I'm gonna take you at your word. I'm actually gonna tell you the truth. Thank you. I was with Julia Milliken when Alan had his heart attack. She was going to give him his medicine and I stopped her. We both watched him die. - That's murder. - And Julia told the police everything. They just called me a little while ago and I told them... I told them that I was with you at the time of Alan's death. So I expect they'll be contacting you to verify my story. - And you expect me to do that? - It would be a serious mistake not to. Because if you don't, I will tell them that I was acting on your behalf. No one's gonna believe I asked you to kill him. No. But maybe they'll believe that you were having a problem with him, that you told me to take all necessary measures to solve it. That's a nice sound bite for the media. "Take all necessary measures." - I never used those words. - Well... think it over, David. Tony, I've got you on speaker. We're on Hoover, running parallel to Amador's position on Vermont. We've got you. Where'd you put the transponder? - In a bandage on his hand. - This could all backfire, Jack. We had to let him believe that he'd escaped. I'm just saying that he may just be heading out of town. Whoever Amador's working for has connections. He'll need his help to get out of here. - You want some backup? - No. If we get any closer, he'll make us. Did Michelle compile the list of all the contacts I've had over the last five years? I had to put Chloe on it. Michelle's inside the Chandler Plaza Hotel. I'm sorry, Tony. Look, we think the virus has been altered. - Altered how? - Combined with another chemical. It's on its way to NHS to get tested now. - You're saying she might have a chance? - Maybe. I hope so. Tony, we'll get back to you as soon as we've got anything, OK? (ringing tone) - Yes? - It's Amador. I was detained by some CTU agents. They put me through hell trying to force me to give you up. - Did you? - Course not. I need a way out of the country. Of course. Was Jack Bauer one of the agents? Yes. I need you to be certain you're not being followed before we meet. - You know what to do. - Understood. Good. Call me when you're sure. - You have the location? - When do you want it released? This will ring twice. Once you've set the timer, make sure it's destroyed. - How long before you can move in? - About half an hour. We found out that the virus was altered, combined with another compound. Until that compound's analysed, we have no idea what we're dealing with. So what's the mortality rate among those exposed to the virus? In its unaltered form, approximately 90%. Look, if somebody was exposed for just a short time... would leaving the hotel make a difference? - I'm not making sense. - Once you're exposed, you're exposed. The length of exposure has no real bearing on survivability. You said 10% would survive. If the virus was altered, is there a chance the percentage would go up? It's possible, Tony. We'll do everything we can for her. Yeah, thanks. - The whole floor? - 30 parts per million. - Have you checked the service areas? - I have the corridor. Stairwell? - Which floors? - All levels. - 35 parts per million. - Elevator shaft? I'm getting inconsistent readings on that. - Recheck it and get back to me. - Copy that. OK. Out. Floors one through five show 30 parts per million or greater. Yeah, same as the rest of the hotel. Even the lobby's contaminated. OK. I'll call CTU. You call NHS. All right. CTU. Hello? I'll call you back. Gael. - Gael! - Michelle, stay back! One of my agents just started showing symptoms. What the hell's going on? - Does it really matter? - lncubation is supposed to be 14 hours. You're the chemist. What did you do? Tell me! Under one condition. You're in no position to make demands. I'm the only one who knows what I did. That dies with me unless you do what I want. - What do you want? - I know what the virus does. I don't wanna die like that. I'll tell you what you wanna know if you swear you'll kill me once the symptoms start. (knocking) Come. What's the latest on the hotel? It's unclear how much of that virus was released or how many were exposed. You might wanna make an announcement as to how to deal with the outbreak. No, I'm not making any announcements until more facts are known. Listen, David, I just heard from LAPD. They consider Sherry to be a flight risk. They have a warrant for her arrest if you don't back her alibi that she was with you. - You mean lie? - There is nothing to think about here. Perjury and obstruction of justice are nothing? You have the most powerful legal apparatus in the world at your disposal. You let me call the AG's office and this so-called problem disappears. No, it just widens the conspiracy, and it'll never hold. Are you gonna let everything you've accomplished be destroyed because of what, because of Sherry's indiscretion? Listen to yourself. You're calling murder an indiscretion? - For God's sakes, grow up! - Who do you think you're talking to? To an ex-president, David, unless you do the only thing that makes sense here. Sherry said if she goes down, she'll take you with her. - Do your job. Make sure that doesn't happen. - Then stop tying my hands. I wanna see the chief of police. Dammit, David, we can stonewall 'em. We can survive this. Get him out of bed and bring him directly to me. - So where are we? - Caltrans just redirected all the traffic. Chloe, how long before we have enough agents around the hotel? - At least a half-hour. - Dammit. - Tony, I got Michelle on line three. - I'll take it over here. Hey. - It's worse than we thought. - What are you talking about? Gael started haemorrhaging from the nose and mouth less than an hour after exposure. So the incubation period is no longer 14 hours? According to Alvers, the compound he added to the virus acts as an accelerant. Is Gael the only one showing symptoms? As far as I know. - Where is he? - I isolated him in a room in the basement. Were you exposed to any of his blood? No, but we tested the air throughout the hotel. The virus is everywhere and I've been breathing it. Reinforcements are on their way. We need a hard perimeter as soon as possible. I'll get back to you. - Michelle... - We can't do this now. We have to focus on making sure no one gets out of here. Yeah. OK. - You gotta tell me what's going on. - What are you talking about? There are people outside this hotel with guns and every door I've tried is locked. Federal agents dealing with a problem. What kind of problem? Are we in trouble? Please. That is all that they've told me. I don't know any more. - And you're sticking around? - We have no choice. They can keep us here. - So what are we supposed to do? - We stay calm and hope for the best. OK? Yeah. (phone rings) Yeah? - It's Michelle. How are you feeling? - I'm OK. I'm all right. The bleeding stops and starts, but... I just feel very... very weak. As soon as NHS gets here, they're gonna send a doctor in to see you. To track the progress of the virus. And to make you more comfortable. You gotta get 'em here soon. Gonna have a hard time keeping people in the hotel once they wake up. (coughs) (alarm) - What's that? - I'll call you back. - I thought it was disconnected. - I thought so too. - Can you shut it off? - I'm on my way. I have to find the override. Get on the intercom. Say it was a false alarm and to stay in their rooms. I need you to go to the stairwell and turn people back around. Everyone else, man the doors. Nobody gets out. I've doubled back on my route a few times. There's no one on my tail. - You're certain? - Yeah, the streets are empty. - Just bring me in. - How far are you from the location? I'll be there soon. Park a few blocks away and walk. Look for a silver Ford. Dolan'll be waiting with your travel documents. I'll need cash to help me get out of the country. - He'll have that for you as well. - Good. Amador's making a U-turn. He's heading downtown. We've got him. Bring in the follow teams. Tell 'em to stay at a safe distance. Amador won't lead us to whoever he works for unless he feels safe. - Coordinating the follow teams now. - Copy. - Madison, what's your status? - The lower level is all secure. - Hold your position. - Copy that. It was a false alarm! If you all go back to your rooms, everything will be OK. I deactivated the alarm but the system has to cycle down. - How long is it gonna take? - I don't know. (man) I just wanna know what the hell is going on! - Everything is fine. You just need to relax. - Everything doesn't seem fine. It was a false alarm. It's no problem. - Then why is he telling me I can't go outside? - I need you to go upstairs. Not until someone tells me what is going on. What are those people doing outside? They're wearing gas masks. You can't keep us in here. I want an explanation. Please, if I can have your attention, I will explain the situation. I am a federal agent. I am here because about half an hour ago a toxic substance was released outside around this building. Why didn't you tell us before? We didn't want people to panic, rush outside and expose themselves to this substance. You are safe as long as you stay inside this hotel. But until we get a clean-up crew out there, it is not safe to go outside. - How long are we gonna be here? - Why don't the phones work? Please, we will work this all out, I promise you. If you go back to your rooms, everything will be OK. Excuse me, please. Agent Dessler? - Someone got a fire door open. - Where? Signal came from the west side of the hotel. All those exits feed the same corridor. Stay here and help my people. How do I get there? Down this corridor, right and downstairs. Let's head back up to your rooms. You heard the lady. There is no problem. - Like hell there isn't. - It's gonna be just fine. Please. Please, ma'am. Back to your room. It's gonna be just fine. - Stop right there! - I'm getting outta here. - I'm a federal agent. Now, drop the gun. - No. I just wanna go. - It's not safe to leave. Drop the gun. - Why isn't it safe? A toxic substance was released outside around this hotel. - You're lying. - No, I am not lying. No, I know about the man in the storeroom. I know that something bad is in this hotel. You're right. It is. - That's why you can't go outside. - What are you talking about? Everyone in this hotel is going to get very sick. Sick? How sick? Most of us are gonna die. - That's not possible. - It's the truth. I just wanna get home to my wife. - My wife... - If you do, you'll give this to her. Anyone who leaves this hotel will spread this disease. Tens of thousands of people could die. You don't wanna be responsible for that, do you? Oh, God. Oh, God. Give me the gun. Now that you know, we have to isolate you. - (phone rings) - Sit down. Dessler. - We need you back here. There is a problem. - What's going on? Someone just started bleeding from the nose and mouth and we cannot stop it. Mr President? Chief Hendricks. - Chief Hendricks. - Mr President. - Please, have a seat. - Thank you, sir. I realise this is an irregular hour for a meeting. The circumstances are irregular, Mr President. Yes, they are. I assume you've been briefed on the Milliken case? I know Julia Milliken stated that Mrs Palmer contributed to the death of Alan Milliken by withholding his medication. Mrs Palmer indicated to our detectives that she was not at the Milliken residence this evening and that she was here with you. Mr President, my question is... was she? Yes, she was. - Thank you, Mr President. - Thank you, Chief Hendricks. - Have a good night. - Thank you, sir. Is there a reason you can think of that would prompt Mrs Milliken to accuse Mrs Palmer? People do inexplicable things in a moment of crisis, Chief. Yeah. Good night. Good night. The police chief was just here. And I told him that you were here with me tonight. - No one will ever know anything different. - I will. What you've done is unforgivable. David, you called me precisely because you needed someone to do your dirty work. So don't turn around and just try to wash your hands of this. Don't you dare insinuate that I knew what you were about to do. You took a life. It's not that clear cut, David. Yes, it is. Alan Milliken is dead because of you. You needed help with Milliken and I gave it to you. Neither one of us had any idea that it would work out like this. So let's not forget it didwork out. In your favour. You should be thanking me. I despise you for what you've done. And I despise my role in helping you get away with it. Now get out of my sight. I've got him. Are the follow cars in place? Affirmative, sir. We have pursuit vehicles in position. Here's your money and travel papers. Move! Dammit! Get on the radio. Tell the follow teams to cordon off this entire area. I don't want anybody here except the bomb squad and forensics. (phone rings) - This is Bauer. - Hello, Jack. I knew you were better than Amador, but you're not better than me. Amador said you knew me. Who is this? First things first, Jack. There are 1 1 other vials, each containing the same amount of virus released at the hotel. I'll use them... the moment my instructions aren't followed. - What do you want? Money? - I need to get in touch with a friend of yours. Everything's gonna be OK. Oh, my God. Sir. I need Phillips. You'll be OK. They're lying to us. There's something wrong inside the building. It's inside the building! - (screaming) - (Michelle) Sir, calm down! (Michelle) Everyone... Out of my way! Hold it right there. Step away from the window. I said step away from the window! If you try to leave, I will shoot you. No, you won't. - Mr President, I have Jack Bauer for you. - Thank you. - Jack. - Mr President. The man in possession of the virus has demanded to speak with you. We don't have a name yet, but if you don't speak with him he'll release more of the virus. Unfortunately, at this time I think you're going to have to give in to his demands. - I'll speak to him. - Yes, sir. I'll connect you. - (Jack) You are now on with the president. - I'll make this brief. As you are no doubt aware, I am in possession of enough of the virus to decimate a good portion of the population of this country. And, as I've shown at the Chandler Plaza Hotel, I will do so, unless you follow the instructions you'll be receiving over the next few hours. Do you understand, Mr President? I'm listening. You are no longer in control of your country, and if you do not use the full power of your office to execute my wishes, the virus will be released, and it will be impossible to stop.