continue his duties as Commander in Chief. I have the fate of the West, the lives of millions hanging in the balance and I can't stop thinking about you. Bill Buchanan had Fayed in custody and he let him go. Karen Hayes put it in a blue file over at Homeland. Someone will have to go down. The farther from the president, the better. - Are you asking me to resign? - No, Bill. I have to fire you. - Work with Milo, get cosy. - Don't be such ajealous jerk. The day I'm jealous is the day I kill myself. Anything else? How about, "Don't arm nuclear bombs for terrorists"? Sorry. That's not how I feel. Yeah, it is. No, it's not. Itjust slipped out my mouth. Morris! - You shouldn't have trouble running CTU. - I'm not the right choice to take over. You are the right choice. Nothing will change operationally. Your objective remains the same. Bring in Jack Bauer before he can hand over the component to the Chinese. Mr Bauer. Let's do this. Audrey walks out of here alone. As soon as I see she gets down near the bridge, I'll give you the component. This is going down now, Nadia. Jack is about to hand it over. Mike, don't let that happen. (man) Cheng and his men escaped. They're in three Hummers heading north. - (man) Agent Bauer, get down! - Weapon is down! - On the ground now! - Who is your commanding officer? I am, Jack. I gotta take you into custody. Where's the board? Cheng's got it. I was set to destroy the component till you engaged us in a firefight. I had this handled. Audrey, it's over. You're safe. Help me. Don't let them do this to me. Audrey! They've done something to her. You gotta help her. Please. My God. Was this the only C4 in the building? Yes, that's everything. The building's clean. Miss Raines, my name is Mike Doyle. I'm a CTU field agent. Did you see or hear something while Cheng held you, something to lead us to him? You're safe now, Miss Raines. Jack bought your freedom with a component that contains highly sensitive Russian technology. Can you understand me, Miss Raines? Help me, Jack. Please don't let them do this to me. I want CHP to work with Military on roadblocks. You need to set up three- to five-mile perimeters from Cheng's last location. I need satellite scans forwarded to me. - (man) We're at full capacity. We... - I understand, but those are your orders. - You wanted to see me? - I read your request for transfer out of Comm. - Mm-hm. - Is this because you and Chloe had a fight? Your facts are essentially correct, but the why I don't see as being anybody's business. You've had a hard day - we all have - but I really need you on the floor. I'm sorry, request for transfer is denied. I'm trying to protect you from being caught in the middle of an awkward professional situation. You're asking me to indulge your melodrama in the middle of an international crisis. Bill said he'd consider my request. Bill Buchanan is not running CTU, I am. I've made my decision. - Nadia... - Keep your personal life to yourself. You can deal with this tomorrow. We're done here. (phone rings) - Anything else you wanna say? - Oh, yeah. - Nadia Yassir. - It's Mike. Do you have a lead on Cheng? - We're on it. How'd it go with Raines? - Not good. She doesn't know anything about Cheng, where he held her? She's completely non-responsive. Whatever they did to her in China, it left her with a post-traumatic reaction. District will want a specialist to look at her. - Any idea what Jack was thinking? - He had the motel rigged with C4. - He was gonna take this whole place down. - He was willing to sacrifice his life. His plan would've worked had I not intervened. - You saved his life. - But I lost the component. Jack went against a direct order from the White House. This was no one's fault but his. We're on our way back. Stephenson, you take Miss Raines. I'll go with Bauer. Audrey! Audrey! - Audrey! - Jack, stop. - Where are you taking her? - CTU, same as you. - Let me talk to her for a few minutes. - You saw what condition she's in, Jack. I know her. I know what she's been through. I might be the only person that can get through to her. Please. You're under arrest. We'll discuss this at CTU. Put him in the second chopper. Mike, let me talk to her now! CTU is pouring its resources into finding Cheng. This order gives them authority to close ports and border crossings. If we can't stop migrant workers crossing borders, how can we stop an enemy agent? I think the point is to slow him down, sir, so CTU has more time to find him. But I agree Cheng will find a way to smuggle out the Russian component eventually. So then Russia loses its defensive edge against the Chinese and Moscow blames us. We will do everything in our power to prevent that, sir. Thank you. - Karen. - Yes? Tom told me about you and Bill, how you had to... fire him from CTU. How'd he take it? Not well. Karen. Yes. You and I have had our... difficulties in the past, but I want you to know that... I value your role here, and that I appreciate your sacrifice. Thank you. (knock at door) - Excuse me, sir. - What is it? The Russian president's calling for you. He's insisting on a face-to-face. - Did he say what he wants? - No, but he's on with the heads of military. I want you both with me on this. Palmer's in a coma. It looks like Noah's gonna be acting president for some time. Good for Noah... and good for us. The only thing he cares about is pushing his foreign agenda. Any pending legislation on spending... he'll defer to me. Now he is acting president, we must be more careful. We will be. - I got half an hour. - Let's stop talking. President Suvarov, you're on a secure conference with Vice President Daniels. - President Suvarov. - Mr Vice President. You know Tom Lennox and Karen Hayes, my national security advisor. How can we help you? Some troubling news has been brought to my attention. What would that be? The nuclear weapons that fell into terrorist hands contained Russian technology that, up until now, has only been available to your government and mine. - I'm well aware of that, sir. - Then you are also well aware that an FB-sub-circuit board from one of the weapons is now in the possession of an agent of the Chinese government. Do you deny that, sir? Mr President, all I'm prepared to tell you is that... we're in control of the situation. Mr Vice President, my generals have confirmed that this component contains information that will compromise our defensive capabilities. You must stop the Chinese from leaving your country with it. I don't appreciate being dictated to, Mr President. It was a Russian general who allowed those bombs to enter the US in the first place, the same Russian general who conspired to detonate them. That does not change our grave concerns about this development. If you do not intercept this component, my generals have instructions to initiate an appropriate response. - Mr President... - Good night, sir. - How did the Russians find out? - Russian intelligence must've tracked it. No. The information circle is too tight. Only select people at the White House and CTU even knew about this. - You're saying there's a spy? - There is no other explanation. I will start an internal investigation into White House staff. I'll do the same at CTU, sir. What are your reads on Suvarov? How seriously do we take his threat? Very. With the Chinese in possession of the component, the Russians will need to extend their defensive line in central Asia. - We have a military base in the region. - Which the Russians must target. - We will have to respond in kind... - Which will escalate things. Give CTU whatever they need to find this man Cheng. (speaks Chinese) - (man) Yes? - I've interfaced the component. - You should have the schematics. - Yes, they've downloaded. I'm running a diagnostic on the component now. Good. We'll be there in less than an hour. Wait. There's a problem. - What? - The circuit board is damaged. - Can you fix it? - No, not unless I have the security override. We don't have access to that information. Without it, this technology is useless to us. You have to find someone with the necessary expertise. (shouts in Chinese) I'm gonna take a quick shower. Noah's waiting for me to get back. (dials phone) (phone rings) - Yes? - We're all set. - The girl doesn't know you're working for us? - Not a clue. Good. - Morris. - Yeah. I saw you arguing with Nadia. Yeah. Was that about us? I asked for a transfer. It was denied. Why'd you do that? Because... working with you is becoming very uncomfortable. I told you I was sorry. You said I should stop helping terrorists arm nuclear bombs. We've both said things that we haven't meant before. Yeah, I know, but... there's a line, darling, and... and you crossed it. So what are you saying? I'm saying that... it's over. There's no going back. We're done. Morris, look at me. - You don't have to do this. - Shh. We're done. Morris... (sobs softly) The situation has escalated with the Russians. They know the Chinese have the component and threaten action, unless we stop them taking it out of the country. - How did the Russians find out? - A leak. Lennox is looking into it here, and he wants you to start an investigation. - I'll let Internal Affairs know. - What about Raines? Has she provided any information? Not yet, but the psychiatric specialist has just arrived, so we hope he can get her to talk. - Do you have any other leads? - Not at the moment. That's unfortunate. I cannot emphasise enough how important it is we stop Cheng. If you need more resources, you need to let me know now. Do you understand? I will. One more thing... To be honest, Karen, what we need is Bill Buchanan. There's a rumour flying around you fired him. - That's complicated, Nadia. - Not as far as we're concerned. You know more than anyone how good he is at this job. I don't see how this could happen in the middle of a crisis. Look, I'm not at liberty to discuss this. Just keep me updated with your progress in finding Cheng. Doctor Bradley, I'm Nadia Yassir, acting head of CTU. We're under a time crunch. I'd like to get started at once. She's being prepped. These men can take you. I'll join you shortly. - I wanna hear your first impressions. - Of course. Nadia, Doyle and Jackjust landed. OK. Have Doyle secure Bauer and then have him meet me in Medical. OK. Can you leave us alone, please? Thank you. Miss Raines? Miss Raines, I'm Doctor Bradley. I'm here to perform an evaluation to help you remember whatever you can about Cheng. Where you were held, what you heard... It's all right. It's OK. Come here. Look at this. Please, you've gotta let me talk to her. You know CTU's protocol. You know how they'll interrogate her. They'll make her retreat inside herself. Please listen to me! Sit down. This will make you more comfortable. Mike. Please, I'm begging you. Take care of her. Are you all right? Come here. Look at this. Jack's in holding three. How you doing? White House is pressuring us to find Cheng. We have to hope we can get some information out of her. This is Agent Doyle. He was involved in rescuing Miss Raines. - Do you have a diagnosis? - She's a type-three catatonic capable of following commands, repeating words, but otherwise unresponsive. Will you be able to get the information? - Not without intervention. - What does that mean? She is suffering from psychological abuse amplified by pharmacological agents, as evidenced by over 100 injections in her arms, feet and groin. It'll be impossible to communicate in the near term unless we shock her out of this state. They used drugs, and you'll give her more? These are compounds used for different reasons. - What are the risks? - 22°/° of patients have cardiovascular events, some of it neurological. In extreme cases, death occurs. - We can't do this. - Doyle. I am not comfortable with the high percentage either, but this is the only way you're gonna get anything out of her. Maybe not. One of our agents has a history with her. The Chinese put him through something similar. See what Jack can draw from her before we do anything riskier. - Doctor? - Yeah, I know who Jack Bauer is. I've read Miss Raines' file on the way over. Contact with him will upset her. But there's no chance of her dying from it. Let's give Jack a chance with her. It's not your call, Miss Yassir. District has placed Miss Raines in my custody and granted me authority. I'll begin preparing for treatment shortly. I'll let you know the results. Good day. - You can't let him do this... - He has jurisdiction. There's nothing I can do. You can do what you know is right. That's what Buchanan would have done. - And that was uncalled for. - Well, I'm sorry. What I meant to say is, since you're acting director, you can't be afraid to step on toes. Does that go down better? Part of being acting director is respecting the chain of command. But thank you for your advice. (phone rings) It's him. - Hi. - Where are you? I'm on my way out the door. Well, get here as quickly as you can. There's a crisis. - Has there been another threat? - Yes, but not from terrorists. I'll fill you in. I'll be there in less than 15. Lisa... I need you. I need you too. - I have to go. - What's going on? I don't know. (dials phone) - (Nikolai) Yes. - It's me. What's my next move? - I think I've identified the leak, sir. - Is it here or at CTU? It's very much here, sir. I had NSA run a data sort on all White House phone calls and emails over the last two and a half hours. That's when we found out the sub-circuit board was in play. - And? - During the same time frame, one of our staffers called a lobbyist, Mark Bishop, three times. CIA had flagged this Bishop two years ago as having possible-to-likely contact with Russian intelligence agents. No further investigation was done due to lack of resources. Which staffer are we talking about here, Tom? Lisa Miller, sir. I find it hard to believe she is working for the Russians. I don't think she did so knowingly, or she wouldn't have called Bishop from her phone. Then I... I don't understand. How's this man getting information from her? Well, so far, we have found credit-card records that show Miss Miller and Bishop staying at the same hotels on the same nights several times over the past year. Now, I think if we dig a little deeper I'm sure that we will find more evidence that shows these two are sleeping together. Then we have a bigger problem than you think. Why's that, sir? Because I'm sleeping with her too. She... she started working for me two years after my wife... after Nancy died. I didn't think I'd feel anything for another woman again but... Lisa and I became close, and then last year we were working late one night and... You understand how these things happen, Tom. Dammit, what a fool I've been. What the hell do I do, Tom? You know, actually, sir... handled correctly, we may be able to turn this situation to our advantage. (beeping, door unlocking) Mike, what's happening out there? Will they let me speak to Audrey? - I tried, but they're not going for it. - Why not? - The shrink doesn't think it's a good idea. - Let me talk to him. I wish this guy was interested in what other people had to say, but he isn't. Why? He's got her in Medical. He's about to try protocol of his own using big doses of drugs. It could kill her, Jack. Why did you uncuff me? Cos I think you need to do something about it. Make it look good. Easy. - (man) Vitals are strong. She's ready. - Get her IV started. Excuse me, sir, you can't be in here. - Have you started? - No. - What have you done to her?! - Nothing. Consider yourself lucky. You're Bauer. I recognise you from her file. Seeing you will only make things worse. Shut up! Audrey, I need you to come with me. I need you to come with me now. Please, come on. (alarm) Just get me anything you can. - Milo, what's the location of that alarm? - Room six where Audrey's being treated. Bring up the video feed. She's gone. Lock everything down. Get me holding room three. If you'd just let Jack talk to Audrey, none of this would've happened. OK, thank you. Jack didn't pass through any of the exits before the lockdown. He's still here. No one left sectors A through K. They're clear. He's on the lower levels. You checked the video? - That's what I'm doing. It takes time. - I know, make it take less time. Where's Chloe? - Morris? - I don't... I'm not sure. - Doyle. - Have you found Jack? No, not yet, but I'd like to know how he managed to overpower you. - I made a mistake. I got too close. - Yeah, see, I don't think it was a mistake. You wanted Jack to have a chance with Audrey, so you went there with the purpose of letting him overpower you and then escaping with your key card. I did what I think is best for this operation, and for Audrey Raines. I have him! He's headed down to the lower level, but with everything locked down, he'll only have access to corridors L and M. I'm on my way. Let me know if you find anything, and have Doctor Bradley and Doyle meet me there. Hold on. Let's go. It's all right. It's all right. I'm here. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere. I'm gonna protect you. I'm gonna take care of you, I promise. I know you can recognise me. I see it in your eyes. It's me - Jack. The men who hurt you, they can't touch you now. I won't allow it. Right now, I need you to try and remember. I need you to remember who you are. Your name is Audrey Raines. You were born Audrey Louise Heller in Albany, New York. Your father was the Secretary of Defence, James Heller. Your mother's name was Alicia. She died when you were nine. Please, Audrey, just try and remember. Nadia? I've got Jack. Room 237 was just sealed from the inside. They have to be in there. I see the room now. Dammit, it's disabled. Get an entry team down here now. We need an entry team at door 237. The men holding you, when they called me they were within an hour of that motel. When they moved you, did you take surface streets or the freeway, anything that can help us find them? I want them to pay for what they've done. I know what you've been through. I know what it's like to feel like it's never going to end, to hate them that much, and then need them... to start blaming yourself for everything that's happening to you. But they can't hurt you any more. You don't need to hide now. It's over. Please, give me a signal. Anything that lets me know you understand what I'm saying. Please, please. It's all right. I'm... I'm sorry. It's all right. I know you're trying. I love you with all my heart. I'm not gonna let them hurt you. They'll take you away from me. There's nothing I can do to stop them. We're out of time. Is there anything you can tell me to help us find Cheng, or where they were holding you? Please. Come here, come on! - Jack, put your gun down. - You put your gun down! Get him out! I'm not letting him take her back to Medical. Jack, lower your weapon! Not until I get a guarantee from you that Audrey is safe. Bloomfield. - What'd you say? - Bloomfield. Did you hear that? She said "Bloomfield". - I asked her where she was being held. - We don't know if it's communication. "Bloomfield" could be a programmed response meaning nothing. We'll soon find out. Morris, did you get that? Have Chloe track it down. - Keep Doyle in the loop. - All right. In the meantime, Doctor, I'd like you to wait for me in my office. - I'm not going anywhere. She's my patient. - And she's my witness. I suggest you go with these men, Doctor. Listen to me, Jack. You have my word, I will not let him touch her. Please, lower your weapon. Audrey, please, it's all right. He's gonna take care of you. Jack, I need you to go with these men to Holding. Thank you. Yes, of course, General. I'll review the report with the vice president. I'll get right back to you. Suvarov wasn't bluffing? No, sir. Air Force satellites confirm the Russian army is moving large numbers of troops into central Asia. - How long till they're in range of our base? - They'll be in strike range within the hour. I'm sorry, Mr Vice President. I got back here as soon as I could. Forward the report to the Joint Chiefs. - Let me know their recommendations. - Yes, sir. What's going on? Why is Tom talking to the Joint Chiefs? Because the Russians know the Chinese have the component. - How? - Someone inside the beltway has been selling them information - someone with access. A man named Mark Bishop. Do you know him? I believe he's a lobbyist. Are you sure it's Bishop? Yeah. We began monitoring his phone calls as soon as this came to our attention. Ten minutes ago he called a known Russian intelligence agent from his cellphone. - (Bishop) It's me. What's my next move? - (Nikolai) You must reach out to her. Find out if there are any developments with the component. (Bishop) I'll call her, access her PDA, see if she has new email. (Nikolai) Very good. So how long have you known this man Bishop? He's an acquaintance. He consulted on a white paper last year on defence spending. Dammit, don't insult me any more than you already have. Bishop's been passing intelligence to the Russians that he got from you. I don't know if he read your emails, or if you talked about it in bed, but the Russians know about the component. They're threatening military action if we don't get it back from the Chinese. I always knew you were a good liar. I just... I just didn't think you could lie to me. - I guess I thought... too highly of myself. - I swear to you, I didn't know. It's still treason, which I don't need to remind you is a capital offence. You didn'tjust betray me, you betrayed your country. What do you want from me? You're gonna go back to your boyfriend, and you're gonna make him believe that we have the component back. - I can't do that. - You can and you will do exactly what Tom Lennox tells you to do. And don't you even think about trying to expose our... relationship. If you go there, I'll have you declared an enemy combatant, put you in solitary. It'll be years before you speak to anyone about anything. Noah? You all right, sir? I'm better now. Secret Service is sending over a team to work with her. We'll get this going soon. I've made arrangements to take you away from here. I'm going to look after you, I promise. You will get well, and you won't be alone. I'll be right back, sweetheart. Before I take my daughter, I'd like to see Jack Bauer. Where is he? He's in Holding, sir. Escort Mr Heller to Holding. Nadia. Did Audrey speak when he was with her? No, I don't think so. Well, the name she gave us might be a good lead. Bloomfield Copper Company used to have a facility in Jefferson Heights. Forensics just found oxidised copper particles on her clothing. - That's where Cheng was holding her? - It might be his base of operations. LAPD's locking down the building. I told them to stand down till I arrive. - Good work, Mike. - Thanks. Mike. You were right. I should've stood up to Doctor Bradley. You did. When it counted, you stood up to him. (beeping, door unlocking) Mr Secretary. You've seen Audrey? I made Audrey a promise. I make the same promise to you. I will take care of her. - I will be there for her. - No, you won't, Jack. Excuse me? I don't want you to go anywhere near my daughter ever again. Audrey went looking for you, and this is how she came back. What's happened to her is your fault. I accept that responsibility, but I can help her. Stay away from her. Mr Secretary, earlier I got through to Audrey. I can do the same thing again. I just need some time. Please. Now, I'm warning you, stay away. You're cursed, Jack. Everything you touch,