Four ccs. That's eight ccs. His vitals are spiking across the line. Four ccs! The connection you found between Dad and Gredenko had to do with a contract that was awarded to us. What did a general have to do with a contract? It was his job to release the old nukes into the US for decommissioning. - He knows you didn't tell him everything. - I won't, Dad. I have to be sure. I'd like you to appear on television and appeal to members of Islamic communities to come forward with any information on Fayed. I can't reach out to them for help. I know you can. Fayed already called me a traitor. Many others will follow if there is a suspicion I am an American puppet! Not a puppet, a partner. At least when it comes to finding these nuclear weapons. The presidentjust rejected every one of my proposals. That a change in leadership is imperative to ensure this nation's security. I'm not talking about holding hearings. Something more immediate would have to happen. - This is the engineer? - You've got the wrong man. You're going to modify this so that I can use it to reprogram the bombs. You will do it. How much pain will be inflicted on you before you comply? Stop! I'll do it. Arm it. Very good. Fayed's already gone. The reprogramming device Fayed had me build - if it's not here, it means he took it with him. And with it, he can activate the other bombs he has any time he wants. Let's go. - (phone rings) - Yes. I have the arming device, but I had to leave one of the suitcases behind. - What happened? - CTU found me. I needed to preoccupy them with a bomb to enable my escape. The delivery system software was programmed for five detonations at five high-priority targets. Because of your carelessness, we are now down to three. More than enough for our needs, Gredenko. Just make sure the delivery system arrives on schedule. The trucks have left Nevada. They'll reach the location within two hours. Good. Use the time to reprogram your targeting software. Call me when it's completed. The FAA couldn't track Fayed's chopper. We have to assume it's somewhere outside the containment area. We may not know where Fayed is, but we know he has a device enabling him to activate the three remaining suitcase nukes in his arsenal. Our only potential lead was uploaded from a laptop hard drive recovered by Jack and his team. Milo. There was an email fragment I restored from the hard drive. It referenced recent communications between Fayed and Dmitri Gredenko. Gredenko is the former Soviet general who turned over Russian nukes to the US for decommission. He was the source of Fayed's weapons. Gredenko is more involved than we realised. What's his interest in helping Fayed? Gredenko is an ultra-nationalist. His desire to harm this country is in synch with Fayed's. - Any updated intel on his location? - Interpol confirmed he's not in Moscow. Since the point-of-origin fingerprint on the email was Pacific time, it's safe to assume he's somewhere on the West Coast, possibly Los Angeles. Run a data sweep through INS and customs. See if we can track how he got in the country. - Morris. - We have to take him to Medical. - I want to talk to him. Are you OK? - Give us ten minutes. - Bill. - Jack. - Did you pull anything off the drive? - We have. Fayed was in contact with Dmitri Gredenko. - Gredenko? - Perhaps aided Fayed's operation all along. - You think he's in LA? - Evidence on the drive points to that. What leads on Gredenko? Your father's company was to dispose of the nukes Gredenko was to hand over. My brother oversaw those contracts, not my father. - He might have information. - I'll talk to him. Where is he? He went to see your brother's body in the morgue. OK, thanks. - Chloe, are you all right? - Yeah. Thank you for saving Morris's life. Yeah. I'm really glad Fayed didn't kill you this morning. Me too. I have to talk to my father. I just want to thank you for everything. (beeping) Dad. Whatever your brother may have done, he didn't deserve this. I didn't mean for this to happen. Yeah, well... Dad, I'm sorry about Graem. I am. But right now, CTU wants to know about your connection to Dmitri Gredenko. What? We believe he's working with Fayed. They want to know what you know about him. He was the Russian liaison on our contracted decommissioned Soviet nukes. Why? - What dealings did you have with him? - Couple of calls to Moscow. That's about it. Does Gredenko have contacts allowing Fayed to remove the remaining four nukes? Look, Jack. Like I told you, I had virtually no involvement. Graem oversaw the project. He dealt with Gredenko. Whatever you need to know died with him. Do you know where Marilyn is? No. Why? You gonna question her too? She's probably with Josh. He's taking the death of his father pretty hard. Leave them alone, Jack. Let them grieve in peace. I'll make a call to some of the company executives. About Gredenko. Maybe Graem shared something that I wasn't privy to. Thank you. Try to rest. You're doing very well. You can go in now. Morris? How are you feeling? - Say something. - What is there to say? You were tortured. You held out as long as you could. - I armed a nuclear bomb. - You had to. Fayed was gonna kill you. I wish to God he had. Because of me, Fayed has a device that can arm all the bloody suitcase nukes he wants. You can't blame yourself. When the next bomb goes off and thousands more people die, everybody will remember that I was the one that made it possible. That's not gonna happen. We'll find Fayed and stop him, and none of this will matter. - Are you any closer to finding him? - No. Just go, darling. Go. (phone rings) - Yes, Mr Bauer. - We got a problem. Gredenko is here. In LA? Are you sure? Yes. Only they don't know where he is. We've got to get to him before they do. If Gredenko implicates me, everything - the company I founded, spent my life protecting - it's over, understand? Yes. I'll put a team together. I'll monitor CTU from here. - If I hear anything, I'll call. - Yes, sir. I don't care what you have to do. You find Gredenko and you kill him. Understood. I talked to my father about Gredenko. He'll make some inquiries, but he doesn't know anything. The news here isn't better, but Milo traced the fragment he pulled off Fayed's computer to a local IP network. It confirms Gredenko is definitely here in LA. I got my people monitoring chatter, data-mining backlogs on Gredenko's activities prior to going underground. - Right now, that's all we can do. - OK. Have a seat, Jack. - What is it? - Toxicology report on your brother's body. Forensic evidence indicates the hyoscine pentothal you gave to Graem during his interrogation caused his coronary. There's something else. I saw the field tape and Rick Burke's report for Division. He said you exceeded protocols after he warned you of dangerous levels. - That's true. Agent Burke tried to warn me. - Then you pulled a gun on him. You realise how this looks, coming after he tried to kill you. I lost control. You found out he was behind Palmer's assassination. Yes, I found out he was behind Palmer's assassination. I found out about everything. I lost control. I tried to tell you I didn't think I could do this - this job. I wanted to kill my brother. I wanted him dead. I was standing over him and I looked up and I saw my father in the doorway, and then everything just stopped. I ordered Agent Burke to shut down the IV. He did. I thought we got it in time. Bill, I did not set out to kill my brother. I swear to you. I can adjust the report before I send it to Division. - No! - Jack. An investigation will impede our search for Fayed and Gredenko. You are critical. You cannot cover this up. I ordered Agent Burke to administer the hyoscine pentothal. I killed my brother. Whatever the consequences are, I accept them. Bill, do this right. OK. I'll submit the report as is. There is some difficulty with my statement? More emphasis on religion and less on politics than I expected. Many of the people you wish me to sway have been persuaded that our cause is a holy one. I am not innocent in this manipulation. So I must address them in these terms if I am to enlist their cooperation. - (knock on door) - Yes. Excuse me, sir. Vice President Daniels is calling for you. Would you like to take it in your office? No, I'll take it in here. Thank you. Excuse me. Noah? Thanks for taking my call. I know you're pressed for time. What can I do? I'm disappointed you rejected Tom Lennox's plan for mass internment of Arab nationals. The plan did not delineate country of origin. It was a blanket proposal to arrest and detain thousands of Muslims living here. Without due process. Since, as I understand it, the terrorists have acquired the capability to arm the three remaining nuclear weapons, I'm asking you to reconsider. I thought I told you my decision was not open for debate. That's unfortunate, since the majority of your cabinet feels you're making a tragic mistake. I respect that. But I believe that our best chance of stopping further attacks will come from the intelligence drawn from Islamic communities. And you hope to obtain that by letting a known terrorist leader address the world on American airwaves. The man has murdered countless innocents over the past 20 years and you are putting your hopes for this country's safety on him. Not entirely. But to the extent that he can help us, yes. Mr President, you approached me cos you knew I'd deliver voters who questioned your experience, who were afraid that your presidency would be too weak on national defence, and I assured them otherwise. But now you're proving them right. There is a thin line between conviction and stubbornness. You can stand firm, butjust know that you are standing alone. Are we done? Clearly. You are paying a very high price for doing this. Not as high as my country will pay if I'm wrong. As someone who's alienated followers by choosing the unpopular course, I suggest you tread carefully among your people. - Mr Assad, our cultures are very different. - It's notjust a cultural issue, Mr President. It's simple human nature. They will come after you. I assure you of that. - Are you sure it's safe to talk in here? - Yes, this area is currently unmonitored. All right. You intimated you had some sort of plan of dealing with the president. Palmer's refusal to implement your proposals will unquestionably lead to the loss of many more American lives. And I and many others like me who love this country will not stand by idly and let that happen. - So what is it you propose? - I think you know. I need to hear. Definitive action. We are in a national crisis and he is in over his head. He has brought this on himself. Listen, before you start reconsidering and report me, just know, I will deny that we ever had this conversation. No. I'm not... I'm not reconsidering. I know what you're saying is necessary. I just cannot believe it has come to this. - Who else is involved? - You don't need to know that. - I'd like to know who I'm dealing with. - Right now you're dealing with me. Vice President Daniels - is he involved? No. The vice president doesn't know about this. But we do know that he shares our sentiment in regard to the current state of affairs and that he will enact your initiatives once he has the power to do so. - You seem pretty certain this is gonna work. - More so with your help. I need the president's itinerary, specifically in regards to Assad's televised address. I do not have the clearance. I need you to access it. Why? Why do you need this? Dammit, Reed. We're talking about removing the President of the United States. Do not keep me in the dark here. I never said that I was the architect of this. I'm just a conduit. Besides, for your sake, I think that it is very important we maintain a certain level of plausible deniability. The less you know the better. I'll get you that itinerary. - Marilyn. - Hi. I heard you were with Josh. I didn't want to disturb you. Yeah, well, he's taking it pretty hard. He loved his father very much. - I'm very sorry. - You don't owe me an apology. Maybe they haven't told you the circumstances of Graem's heart attack. They told me enough. Look, Jack, I know the kind of man Graem was. Even if he did die because of your interrogation, I don't blame you. I blame him. Truth is, I've been trying to leave Graem for years. But he threatened to take Josh away from me. He said I'd never see him again. - Did Josh know what he was like? - No. I tried to protect him from the truth about his father. What have you told him about his father's death? Only that he had a heart attack. It's enough for now. Yeah. I'm sorry. I have to go back to work. If there's anything I can do... - Is it true there are more bombs out there? - Yes. Are you any closer to finding them? No, we hit a roadblock. We're looking for a Russian operative helping the terrorists. - Graem knew him. - Russian? A man named Gredenko. You know him? No. Come here. But you know something. Maybe. It-it was probably nothing. It was months ago. Marilyn, anything you can tell us might help. Graem was going out a lot at night. He said it was work related, but I didn't believe him. I thought he was having an affair on me, so one night I followed him. It wasn't out ofjealousy. It was for leverage - anything I could use against him to get custody of Josh if I left him. - Where did he go? - It was to a house in West LA. I went to the window. The blinds were drawn, but I could hear him inside, talking to some men. They had Russian accents. What were they saying? I couldn't hear them clearly. Frankly, once I realised he wasn't cheating, I went home. - Do you remember the address? - No. Sorry, I didn't pay attention. I was concerned about getting caught. Marilyn, it is vital that we find Gredenko. If we retrace the route you took that night, do you think you'd recognise the house? Maybe. Maybe? Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Wait right here. Jack. I think I might have a lead on Gredenko. It's a shot in the dark, but right now we don't have anything. I wanted to know if I had your permission to follow it up. What have you got? - Hey, Marilyn. - Hey, Phillip. - How you doing? - I'm hanging in there. What's goin' on with you and Jack? He's looking for someone. He thinks I can help. You mean Gredenko? He questioned me about the same thing earlier. - What do you know about him? - Nothing, really. I followed Graem to a house one night. He, um... He met with some Russians. - What house? - I don't know. It was in West LA. Jack wants to take me over there to see if we can jog my memory. Phillip, I don't know how long this is gonna take and I can't leave Josh alone. - Could you please stay with him? - Yeah, sure. - That will do. Thanks. - Thanks. Your TAC team is assembling. I'm sending Milo with you. Milo? Why? I want a tech to pull intel off computers we find at Gredenko's location. - Chloe will be running point from here. - Fine. I'm sorry about leaving you. I'll be back as soon as I'm done helping Uncle Jack. Helping him with what? And where are you going? I'll explain later. Right now I want you to stay here with your grandfather. Marilyn. Maybe I ought to take Josh back to my house. Why? Why can't you just wait with him here until I get back? He's frightened of this place. Understandably so. I think he needs to be in familiar surroundings right now. All right. All right, I'll clear it with Mr Buchanan. - Will you explain things to Josh? - Yeah, sure. All right, you listen to your grandfather. He's in charge. - Phillip, thank you. - Sure. Sorry to take you away from Josh. All you need to do is identify the house. I will not put you in danger. I know. Mr Buchanan, I'd like Josh's grandfather to take him back to his house. Of course. We should go. Bill, I'll be on comm. We'll be leaving soon, Josh. I have to make one phone call. Just be a minute. Yes, sir. Have your men find and secure a house in West LA. Fine. I'll text you with the address. We have a lead. Jack's sister-in-law thinks she knows where Gredenko is. Jack and a TAC team are heading there. I need help running Tactical. Don't be ridiculous. We're short-handed, so get your shirt on and let's go. Running Tactical is what you do best. Why would you need my help? Oh. I get it. You came in here to give me a pep talk. Get me back behind that computer and everything will be tickety-boo. You should be a little less obvious, Chloe. I'm a coward, not an idiot. Morris, I know you've been through a lot today, but you're really starting to piss me off. Well, let's add that to my list of failings. - Why did you do that? - I didn't want to. Look. If you're gonna try and save a bloke, save someone who's worth it. Stop it. Stop it. Jack and his team are entering a hostile situation and need backup. Yes, I can do it alone. But there would be less chance of a mistake if you would help. So why don't you stop feeling sorry for yourself and get back to work? We just passed 98th Street. Roger that, Jack. We're maintaining our position six blocks behind you. I can't imagine what you went through in China, Jack. When you were over there, I thought about you. I tried not to. I guess I've been trying not to think about you for over 20 years. - We don't need to talk about this. - It was your father, wasn't it? He drove you away, tried to pressure you to work for his company. Is that why you left? Enlisted in the military? There were a lot of reasons. Was I one of them? No. (phone rings) Hello? It's me. Don't say anything, just listen. I don't want Jack to know I'm on the line, you understand? OK. You're involved in something much bigger than you can possibly imagine. So here's the deal: Unless you do exactly what I say, I will hurt Josh. If you don't believe that, you might consider this: Graem's death was not an accident. I killed him. I want you to say, "Thank you, Susan". Thank you, Susan. You won't take Jack where Graem met the Russians. You're gonna take him to a different address - 9407 Hindry Place. You got it? - Yeah. - Good. Now, you do this for me, and I promise you you will see Josh again. If you don't, he dies. - OK. - 9407 Hindry Place. Do the right thing. I already lost a son today. Don't make me lose a grandson. Goodbye, Susan. - You all right? - Fine. - Here you go. - Thank you. It was my office. A lot of the roads are still shut because of the bomb. - Can we get home? - No. - And no one knows when they'll open up. - So what do we do? We'll go to a hotel. We can stay there until they clear up. Marilyn, is any of this familiar? Yes. Jack? What? What is it? It's nothing. I thought I saw the house, but I was wrong. Oh, that was it. Hindry Place. Milo, we got a street. Hindry Place. Copy that, Jack. Relaying it to CTU now. How long before the new targets are reprogrammed? 20 minutes. You still think you can trust the Arabs? They serve their purpose. Our country lost the Cold War because it was afraid to use these weapons against the Americans. Today we will correct that mistake. And the Arabs will take all the blame. (man on TV) There's no telling what this explosion will do... All right, we're on it. Chloe! Marilyn remembers where she believes her husband met with Gredenko - Hindry Place. Is she sure? That's what she told Jack. Pull up all access roads in the area. I'm in the middle of reconfiguring the uplink. I'll put Morris on it. Your call. I know you're lying to me, just like my mom. You're all treating me like I'm some stupid little kid. - What? - I wanna know why my dad died. What's your mom said? It was a heart attack. I know, but I know he was doing something illegal or whatever and... But nobody's telling me what it was and I just want to know. Did it have to do with the nuke? Look, Josh. You'll hear a lot of things about what your father may or may not have done. I'm not gonna pretend it's gonna be easy for you. You know no matter what, I'm gonna be there for you. That's it - the blue house on the right. - Are you sure? - Yeah. We've got an address - 9407 Hindry Place. Have CTU bring up the schematics of the house. Meet me in the alley behind the target. All right, I'm on it. Hold on. We're going after the blue house. Tell them nonlethal force. We need Gredenko alive. - Jack. - Stay in the tactical van. You'll be safe there. - But I have... - Jack. There are two entrances - one in front, one on the west side. I'll contact CTU when we've got Gredenko in custody. Stay with Marilyn. Your men ready? - We're set. - Let's go. All teams go. Go! Go, go! Bomb! Everyone out! Jack! - We gotta go. Come on. - No! Get in the van. Get in the van! Close the door! Jack. Jack, can you hear me? - Oh, they're coming! - Get up. Come on! Move, move! Get down, get down! Don't hit the woman! We need her alive! Move. Come on, come on. Move. Go, go, go, go. Don't stop! - Get 'em! - Let's go! All agents report in. All agents report in now.