I took out your control units. I want you to see what we can do. Get ready to make the course change Gsa 117, this is northeast three control. Go ahead, air traffic control. We have a new runway assignment for you. Sid, there's another plane landing on four-right. It crosses three-one-left. Gsa 117, pull up. Four-right, pull up. That was just a warning shot. Whatever we do next It'll be the real thing. Get the module ready. As promised. General juma will be pleased. Perhaps now would be a good time to make your demands known to president taylor. Make the preparations. Your government is about to pay a very steep price for... ...interfering in our affairs. They assumed my son killed himself They didn't look deeply enough into anything. The authorities have already questioned your son's girlfriend, sir. You're not going anywhere till I get the truth. You know who murdered my son. He killed himself I'm gonna find what you are hiding. When I do, God helf you. You're right. he's not one of ours. We'll follow him, see if he leads us back to almeida-- dornan. No, that's not the right move. You can't bring anyone else into this, What the hell's going on? We're following up on a lead. And I will fill you in if and when we find something. I do not like this. I just flat out lied to my boss. I told you I'd help you find Tony Almeida. But you're going to have to let me do it my way. Tony, stop. Device is gone. The locator files have been deleted. Where is it?! What the hell happened to you? Where is almeida now? He is in transit to FBI headquarters He'll be formally interrogated there. I don't understand. Almeida was orchestrating this attack. If he doesn't have the CIP device, who does? The FBI has learned that Almeida haned off the device to someone else,we don't know who. I may have answer to that question, madam president. I'm listening. He's working with the Juma regime. Approximately 5 minutes ago, an audio message was routed to the State Department's subnet. It's from Colonel Dubaku He's Juma's right-hand man. He's known as the butcher in Sangala. Over three hundred thousand people were murdered. I know who he is. What did the message say? You should hear it yourself. President Taylor This is Colonel Ike Dubaku. As you have no doubt confirmed, the near-collison at JFK international was no accident We have the CIP device. We have the capability to kill tens of thousansds of Americans. And we are prepared to do so. We demand the complete and immediate withdrawal of the US naval strike force to a position west of 23rd meridian by this time tommorrow. In order to meet this timeline We require a satellite confirmation within three hours. that the Carrier Air Wing is in full retreat. Don't sacrifice your fellow countryman. Madam president Allow the people of Sangala to determine their own destiny. Stand your forces down. Voice prints an 89% match. It's Dubaku. There's little doubt. Looks like your suspicion were correct, madam president. This is about Africa. My god. Dubaku should have been tried for war crimes years ago. Now he's giving us ultimatums. We can not let this monster hold our country hostage. Where do we stand on the planes? They're still 2500 planes in the air We have got to shore up the firewall so that the CIP device will be rendered useless. We now think we can re-engineer the code in six days. Six days? We don't have the luxury of six hours! I'm sorry, madam president. But their is no way we can rebuild the firewall in that timeframe. I want you to instigate a series of restricted allerts. Keep it to the first responders only. I want people to be ready in case we are attacked again but we don't wanna start panic Yes, madam president And gentlemen, Almeida is our only lead. Make sure the FBI is aware of the demands and they need to work Almeida from the Africa side And they need to know we don't have a lot of time. Yes, ma'am. Come on Put your head down Get him ready for questioning. I want an explanation. You went after that shooter without backup or authorization, And then refused to tell me why. Now i want to know We didn't know who might be listening Someone in this office is helping Almeida What? The FBI has been compromised, larry. there's a leak Based on what? Excuse me! This is private Tony knew that we were going to Schector's office before we even got there That's how he managed a sniper in position The tip had to come from your office, whoever it was helped sheclter's assassinator got out of the building He is right lerry, that's why we couldn't tell you You've got a full perimeter, right?Covered every exit? How else do you think he got out of there? All right, assuming this is true, you got any idea who it could be? No, we didn't see him, but we knew that it went down Could be anyone in the bureau You need tighten your circle around tony You can't get any information that he gives you get back to the people he is working with Other wise you will never get the CIP device All right, I'll limit access the level 4 clearance above Have Janis run the security protocols see if she can track down the leak This's moss Sir I have a white house call for you -Yeah, I'll take it in my office -Yes -Yea It's the white house From now on, keep me in the loop And he doesn't do a damn thing without telling me We had to tell him, We had no choice You trust him? No question, there is no one I trust more Where they gonna hold tony? Well, I'm gonna have to lift up your shirt Is that comfortable for you? I'll take that as a Yes -Is he hooked up?-Yeah, we are ready to go Janis, I'll run this session, I want you to handle something else What else? Plugging a security leak What? We think someone in this office has been helping Almeida We've kicked this up to level four clearance.I want you to vet all communication and information flow. Red-tag every data point that has to do with almeida. Okay, do we have any idea who it is? No, we don't. I'm hoping that you can help us find out Okay There's a point-two deviation on the blood pressure monitor, you are gonna have to compensate for that Thanks,Janis Sorry about your friend Jack. I know you were hoping he wasn't capable of doing something like this. Yea Hey, what's going on, why are we in the level 4 lockdown? Don't worry about that, just do your job How am I supposed to do my job when i can't get through half the server nodes in the building You're sifting through the evidence gathered at almeida's arrest site That doesn't not require level 4 clearings Get everything you need to do your work, PLEASE Oui, je comprends It's confirmed, the FBI has Almeida. We should move on, there's nothing we can do. We have assets inside the bureau, we use them, perhaps will get him out. No, it's too risky. We'd be jeopardizing the entire mission. Almeida is just not that important. What about the next operation? Tony is prepped, he's ready to go. We'll just gonna have to find someone else. I realized you and Tony are friends. I don't like throwing him to the wolves anymore than you do. But he knew what he was getting into. I just spoke with Juma The American troops are still in position near our country. Tell Juma to be patient, President Taylor just received your demands. Then perhaps this time for a more forceful demonstration. If it comes to that, we will be ready. For now, let's give the white house a little more time to respond. For now. Agent Walker. Almeida is working for the Juma reign. What are you talking about? The president just received a set of demands. They're from Colonel Ike Dubaku. Dubaku? Looks like he contracted Almeida to build the CIP module. No, he's gonna blackmail the white house. How? Excuse me? How is he gonna blackmail the white house? By insisting we stand down the invasion force of the coast Sangala. If the president doesn't comply with his demands, Dubaku is gonna start killing americans. I can get you the CIP device. Just let me talk to him. I know him, I might know how he thinks. We have a history, I can use it to agaist him. He's got us this far, Larry. It makes sense. You're running out of time. You don't have a better option. Give us the room. I watched you die in my arms. You wanna explain to me why you're still alive? Didn't think so. Why don't I tell you what I know. I know that you're working for Juma regime. The white house just got their demands. And you have to know that I will never let that happen. Why don't you save yourself some time. and some pain and tell me what CIP device is. I can't tell you that, Jack. Tony, you're not just facing charges of domestic terrorism, you were gonna face international charges for aiding and abetting a genocide, They will give you the death penalty. Come on, just work with me on this. I can help you cut a deal, I can maybe even get you an immunity. You're wasting your breath, Jack. If I were you, I would tell the president to withdraw those troops. Because Dubaku is serious. He's ready to take thousands of american lives unless his demands are met. Why the hell are you doing this? Juma wanted the CIP module and he was brewing to pay for it. I don't believe you. Oh, come on, Jack. Don't act so surprised. Money is the only reason I have left doing anything. The government took care of that. The government did not kill Michelle. Charles Logan did. Charles Logan is the product of his enviroment. The government poisons everything in his path. But you know that better than me, Jack. Look what they did to you. Damn it, Tony, we're not talking about me. Oh, we're not? You're asking me why I'm doing this. I could ask you the same question. Here you are, working for the same people who wanted to put you into the prison, the same people who killed everything you love and left you with nothing, your daughter wants nothing to do with you Teri is dead, Shut up. Audrey Raines-- I said shut up. No, Jack, no. You need to hear this. You need to start living in the real world! Because every second you help the government You're spitting on Teri's grave Enough! get up! Get up! He's losing it where's the device? Tell me where the device is! So help me god, I will kill you. And you will stay dead this time. Where is the device? last chance. Where is it? Where is it? Deep sky. Jack What did you just say? Son of a bitch. Give him a few more seconds. A few more seconds, he'll be dead. Deep sky. Jack. Let him go. Get him out of here. Get him out of here now. I need a medic here to check him out. In here, please. Keep an eye on him. Deep sky. Hello. This is Jack Bauer. Yes. I was told to call you. By whom? Tony Almeida He gave me this old CTU emergency phone code. Deep sky. It's Bill, Jack. Bill, what the hell is going on? Where is Tony? FBI headquarters. He's been arrested. Arrested? He orchastrated the terrorist attack on United States today. I was interrogating him. How would you get involved in this? The FBI brought me in to help track him down. We need to talk, Jack. I'll call you back on a secure VPN line. Bill, what the hell is going on? I need 10 minutes to set up the vpn... I don't have 10 minutes. 10 minutes, Jack. I can't believe this. If Tony's been arrested, it's over Are you gonna tell Jack everything? If we want to get Tony back under cover, we will need his help. I don't think Jack is in a very helpful frame of mind. He's our only hope. Hello, Henry Ethan, I got your message about Sangala. Where is Allison? She's in her office. Henry. The president is in an impossible situation right now. She needs your support. But you can't give it to her if you keep going on this paranoid fantacies about Roger. I know about Samantha Roth. I know you accosted her in her office. She's hiding something about my son's murder. Roger wasn't murdered. He committed suicide. The coroner's office made that determination and the FBI confirmed it. They didn't look hard enough. Ethan, I know my son. He did not kill himself. He wasn't depressed. He had no reason. What if he did have a reason? I would have known. Not if he didn't tell you. Not if he was too ashamed to tell you or the president. What are you talking about? Roger was about to be investigated by the sec for insider trading. He'd used information he only could have gotten through his access to the president. Before the sec opened the investigation, he killed himself. I don't believe it. It's all in here. In the sec case file. Why is this the first time I'm hearing about this? Frank boylan agreed to bury the case. As a political favor to the president. My wife knew about this and she didn't tell me? She wanted to. But she also wanted to protect your memory of your son. You were in so much pain. Damn it, Ethan. He was my son. I deserve the truth. And keeping it from you was a terrible mistake. I realize that now. But the president and I both thought you were moving on with your life. Mr. Kanin. The president wants to see you. Does she know you're telling me this now? No. And I think it best we keep it that way, at least till this crisis is resolved. I feel I have to tell him, sir. I'm sorry. Alright, thank you. Madam president, you wanted to see me? Admiral Smith laid out the timeline of withdrawing our forces. He's saying to meet Dubaku's demands, we need to order the pullback by 1 pm. That's not much time. No, it isn't. Well maybe this Almeida will tell us where to find the CIP device. No. Tim Woods just heard from the Bureau. So far Almeida's refusing to cooperate. Well maybe he's just positioning for a deal. Tim doesn't think so. He said we shouldn't count on Almeida to talk. I see. So unless I order our forces to stand down. I'll be condemning innocent Americans to death. And if we capitulate, thousands of Sangalas will be slaughtered. How did this happen, Ethan? How could we been so caught off guard, and now I have to decide between two impossible choices. Well, at least one of those choices does stand a good chance of preserving American lives. You mean withdrawal. We are nearing the time and we have to consider it. We're not there yet, Ethan. I can't discuss this. Not until we have explored every possible option. Tell the FBI to keep working on Almeida. Yes, madam president. Mr. Buchanan. I've got the secure line. All right. Dial the number. Bill, stop screwing around. Tell me what the hell is going on! Jack, Tony is not a terrorist. He's working deep cover. He's working with me. We have proof that he tried to bring down two commercial airliners. You don't know the whole story. That's part of an ongoing operation. Operation? What kind of operation puts hundreds if not thousands of lives in danger. Jack, please. You need to listen. Our government is corrupted. There are people on the inside who are actively aiding Dubaku and Juma regime. Point is Tony was supposed to be near the CIP module the whole time. With him in custody, we've lost our ability to control it and to attack this conspiracy. Who's a part of the conspiracy? Give me names. We don't know the extent of it. We have reason to believe that members of the president's inner council are on payroll. Who's sheperding you this information? Which agency? Let's just take it, Jack. There's no sheperd. There is no agency. This corruption runs deep and wide. We're working outside the government. It's why we have to get Tony back under cover. He's at FBI headquarters, Bill. I never said it's gonna be easy. But we have to try. Chloe is already into their system. Chloe's working on this? Hi, Jack. It's good to hear your voice. Yeah. You, too. I saw the hearing on c span I can't believe what the senator said to you. You looked good go. Jack we need your help to get Tony out of there. There's an agent at the FBI Renee Walker. She could help. No, the FBI has been compromised. Somebody in the bereau is aiding Dubaku. You don't understand, Bill, jack, I trust her. Jack, if you think you need to use her to get Tony out of FBI headquarters, then do it. But you'll be making her a target. No, you're right. You're right. We'll do it your way. I can get to Tony myself. But Chloe's gonna have to get us outside the building. We're already on it. Get back to me as soon as you are ready. I'm on my way, Chloe. Hey, Sean. You know these data mining plugins we downloaded last week, where do we file those? Where do we file those? Yeah. File folder A76. Do you need help with something? No. Why? You seem confused. I just don't like having to dance around this level-4 lockdown. Oh, well, I thought you welcomed the opportunity to complain about something. Hello? Mr. Taylor. It's Samantha. I was going to call you. I owe you an apology, Sam. I was wrong to confront you like that. Uh, no. You weren't. I wasn't completely honest to you. What do you mean? Roger didn't commit suicide, Mr. Taylor. He was murdered. I need to see you. Alone. Will you meet me? Of course. Where is the CIP device, Tony? Who would you gave it to? People you're taking money from. Thought you might like to see some of their handywork. You know how many people they've killed since they went back into Sangala? Two hundred thousand and counting. Most of them women and children. Tony. You really want this on your conscience? My conscience is clear. There's nothing you can say or do will change that. So why don't you do the smart thing and tell president Taylor to stand down the strike force? Because unless she does, planes will be falling from the sky. And then you'll have a whole new batch of photoes to look at. Only this time, they'll be of dead Americans. Larry, we need to talk. Almeida's not gonna break. We don't know that. He's a trained CTU agent. He's conducted interrogations just like this one. There's nothing you can say to him that he hasn't said to himself a hundred times. So what are you suggesting? We give up? No. I'm suggesting we might need more forceful approach. You mean torture. No, there are methods of coercion that we haven't even considered. Pharmaceuticals... I can't believe you wanna have this conversation. You're not hearing the argument... The argument is crazy. It's illegal. And it's over. As a matter of fact, I want Bauer out of here. He's a wildcard. He's dangerous. I want him out of the building. Go. Process him out. I will continue here. Go. Go! Now. Renee, I was just about to call you. I may have found the leak. Someone did a runaround under level-4 lockdown. They circumvented the security fence and they hacked into the FAA database. FAA, are you sure? Positive. I don't what they were doing in there, but they had to navigate some very sophisticated tagger software. When was this? Just a few minutes ago. Any idea who it was? No. But I may be able to pull out user ID out of the terminal. Okay, which terminal? Main frame room, terminal three. - Check it out. Let me know what you find. - Ok. Agent Tyler. I need you to prepare the briefing package for Jack Bauer and bring me his personal effects. Yeah, I'll bring them right to you. Thanks. I'll be in my office. Last login: Sean Hillinger What are you doing? What's the matter? Just, you just stay where you're. Janis, stop it. Would you just talk to me? I know you've been helping Tony Almeida. What? Are you crazy? No. You broke into the FAA database, that's your server ID. Yes, my server ID, but I'm not helping the terrorists, you wanna know why I was in there, I'll tell you, I was worried. My wife on of those planes up there, I had to see if her flight had been grounded yet. You expect me to believe that? Why are you sneeking around? 'cause the level 4 lockdown cut me out of the FAA database I couldn't monitor her flight. Look, see for yourself. Flight 112 out of the Las Vegas. Christina Hillinger Okay, just stay there. CHRISTINA HILLINGER God, Shawn, you scared the hell outta me, why wouldn't you just tell me that? 'cause what I was doing was borderline illegal, I didn't wanna get you in trouble. plus, you looked like you've had enough on your plate. Damn it, I told Renee I'd found a security leak. Is that what's going on around here? There's just a security leak? Don't worry about it, go back to your station, keep this to yourself and I will clean up your mess. Go. Idiot. Go ahead. Jack, agent Walker is on her way, she's heading down the corridor toward your room. Copy that. How are you doing with the loops? I'm dropping the first one in now. I have a series of loops and I'm dropping them as you go. Security won't see a thing. Understand. Standing by. Sorry, Jack. We're proceeding without you. Wasn't my decision. Well, we would't have Almeida without you, we own you alot. Thanks. That paperwork for me? Yeah, you need to fill this out. I want you to know I'm gonna put in a good word with the Justice Department for you. Maybe it will help. Thanks. Jack. Don't fight it. Jack. Don't fight it. Jack just took out agent Walker, he has her keycard and her weapon. He's going to get Tony. What's your location. About ten minutes out. Did you get my rendezvous point? Just showed up on my GPS. Okay, great... I gotta go, it's Jack. Jack? I'm ready.I've got access to Interrogation One, what's Bill's ETA? About ten minutes. How's the corridor? Clear. Wait for my call. Put your weapons down, now! What the hell do you think you're doing? I said do it now! Do it or I will kill him. Okay, all right. Put it down, it's all right, do it. Slowly, slowly. Now, you. Do it! All right. Kick the weapon over to me. Come on. Okay, all right. Uncuff him. Where's agent Walker? What did you do to her? Shut up! Bauer, you're gonna make it outta here. I said shut up. I talked to Bill. How much did he tell you? Enough, we're gonna get you outta here. Chole's tapped into the security. She's gonna walk us outta this building, all you need to do is follow my lead. Chole, it's Jack, do you copy? Copy, Jack. I got Tony at the door of Interrogation One leading out to the hallway. Okay, I see you, I'm gonna direct you to the southwest exit. Right now you're in the least populated area of the building. But you're gonna run into a lot more resistance before you get outta there. Copy that, you ready? Clear to move. Let's go. Hold on, there're two people coming out of the elevator. Copy that, come on. Listen, Jack, i'm sorry for the stuff I said back there. Just needed to get you close enough to give you Bill's codename. Just glad I didn't break you neck. Well, you came close. Yeah, sorry about that. Okay, clear. We're clear. I cleaned up your trail, we will just keep this transgression between us. Although I don't know what I'm gonna tell Renee. Have you heard one thing I've just said? Yeah, yeah, that's fine, take a look at this. What? There's a performance hit on one of our signal routers, It's down 0.7% You're right, somebody is riding our bandwith. Hecking in, is that possible? With all the safeguards? Anything is possible if you know what you're doing. They're inside our security sub-net. They've accessed the surveillance system. What are you gonna do? Lock them out. Okay, Jack, you're gonna make a left down the next hallway. There's an emergency stairwell at the end. Will that stairwell get us down the ground level? Yes. Copy that. Hold on. What's wrong? I lost my feed. Chole's feed just went down. What did you do? I've pinged the line and it automatically reset. Someone was hacking in, they were taking out our surveillance cameras. Janis, take a look at this. Send it to me. Security, this is Janis Gold. We have a code 12 in progress, we need a team to Interrogation One. Yes, ma'am, right away. All agents, security breach, code 12. We gotta keep moving, let's go. Security team between us at the southwest exit. Chloe, what have you got? We're boxed in. Someone at FBI is blocking my every move, it's really starting to piss me off. You need to get them back into their system, otherwise we're not gonna make it outta here. Jack, I'm sorry, I'm trying. We've got make a move, Jack. I know. Let's go now. Chole, talk to me. I'm still locked out, trying to work around it. Jack, we're sitting ducks if we stay here. I know. Chole, we have to take the stairwell, we don't have a choice. Quietly. Where are they? We're looking. Find them. Are you all right? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine, are you okay? Yeah. They're still in the buidling, we're trying to locate them. I can't believe this, what the hell is Jack doing? He's helping his friend escape, that's what he's doing. I'm--I'm sorry, Larry. I shouldn't have trusted him. I got them. Southwest stairwell. Security, this is Moss, suspects are from southwest stairwell, descending. Pass the fifth floor. Lock on the building perimeter and deploy two teams in the first floor service corridor. Be aware, the suspects are armed. We need them alive. Okay, I'm back up, Jack. Copy that. What was that? Heckers' back in, whoever this is, they're very good. Well, lock them out. I'm trying. Jack, hold up. What is it? You're heading into an ambush, the six-man team. They're heading up toward you in the stairwell. Understand, we will evade. They're coming on the stairs. Pass me that fire extinguisher. We're on the roof of the parking lot. I see you, good work. Go to the north end, Jack. Bill's almost there. He's in the blue van. Copy that. They're outside, they went through the third floor window. Let's go. Perimeter team, they're in the parking garage. Notify Matro police, have them corden off a five-block perimeter. On the right, get down. We gotta get you outta here and back undercover, I will be right behind you, go. This is gonna hurt. Tony, let's go. Come on, Jack. Go, Bill. Agent Moss, they're gone, they got outside the perimeter. All right, Chole, I got them, any sign of pursuit? Not so far, they must be still mobilizing, we caught them off guard. Traffice cams. I'm cycling the frequcies to clear path now. Good. Are you all right? I'm fine, where are we going? It's not far.