Just go. Nobody knows you're involved. I don't want you involved. I'm already involved. We're cleaning this up, and no one will ever know. They're scum, and no one's gonna miss 'em. Kayla may be in danger. She's run away. With Tarin. She's somewhere in the city with no idea that a nuclear threat exists.</i> What about you? Don't worry about me. Just help me find our daughter. Come inside. - They have the rods. - I thought you had the rods. They turned against me. I can help you find them. Get me out of here. - You find Farhad? - Still looking. He won't get far. Medic! Come on! I need you to identify the men who stole the rods. - Can you do that for us? - Yes. Blood pressure's dropping. We got a rapid heartbeat. - We lost him. Farhad's dead. - Damn it! Whoever shot him couldn't confirm that he was killed. We can use him as dead bait. Leak it to the press that he's in custody and he survived, they'll have to make a move. Tell the teams it is imperative that we take them alive. Go! Go! It's all right. We just want to talk to you. He's still moving. Notify the perimeter. It was a trap. Farhad was already dead. I locked myself in an oxygen chamber. They can't get in here. - You know what you must do. - They scrambled the arming code. You need to set it off manually. You cannot let them take you alive. Can you hear me? What's the status? The hyperbaric chamber is one-inch steel. Hermetically sealed, air and power systems are internal. Also, its atmosphere is most likely oxygen-enriched. Anything we use to blow the door could ignite a fire inside. - How long will it take to cut in? - We need to use a low-speed drill. How long? Best estimate... 40 minutes, unless you want us - to push the risk. - We can't. We need him alive. The techs have got the cameras online. We have eyes on him. And the intercom? It's still down from when he shorted out the locking mechanism. And the bomb techs say we have a bigger problem. They assumed that once we jammed the signal to the detonator, it'd be impossible to explode the vest. Turns out that may not be the case. He's reconfiguring the circuits. The detonator's German military, so our guys are familiar with it. The end-around he's sketched out here will work. - What's the timeframe? - It depends on how fast he works. He needs to reset four circuits. That LED light indicates he's already completed one. When he wires the other three, he'll be able to explode the device at will. The chamber will contain the blast. - No one else will be hurt. - He's not trying to hurt anybody. He's trying to make sure we don't take him alive. Get that intercom up and running. I need to talk to him asap. This is Bauer. Let me speak to Hastings. Right away, sir. Mr. Hastings, Jack Bauer on the line.</i> What have you got? Our suspect might be able to get the detonator working</i> before we can get to him. - I need to know everything on him. - I'm just pulling up the information. It took a while to get it from Hassan's intelligence people. - Just give me the overview. - Okay, Marcos Al-Zacar... was born here, raised in east Harlem. Mother's American, father was from the IRK... That's where Al-Zacar got his politics from. His father was a professor known to be critical of American foreign policies, suspected of connections with extremists. He was imprisoned by Wayne Palmer's administration for four months. Although the charges were eventually dropped, he was unhireable after that. Almost a year later, he committed suicide. That must have been what triggered Al-Zacar. He started spying on America for the IRK - two months after that. - What about the mother? Checking current records. According to motor vehicle and utility records she's still in east Harlem. 4211 east 117th street. Get her here as soon as possible. We're on it. Keep us posted. Copy that. We have to assume the people building this bomb want to hit a high-value target here in Manhattan. They've got to get it on the island. We should shut down the city? We want them to make the attempt to move the radiological materials. It's our best chance of catching them. First, we have to make sure that all of our radiation sensors are strictly monitored at all crossings. Arlo, that goes for the drone sensors, too. That's all. We went over this. All we have to do is act natural. Keep our heads. You'll be okay. I am not worried about me. You can't really be this calm after what just happened. You've never broken a law in your life. What should I say? I don't know! Anything. Tell me you hate me. Tell me that you'll never forgive me for lying to you. - We're not doing this now. Not now! - I told you to walk away... We're in the middle of a radiological threat. We got jobs to do. When it's over, then we'll talk. I can't promise things are going back to the way they were. But I wouldn't have done what I did if I didn't still love you. You two have holy hell to answer for. - Sir, I'm sorry. I can explain... - Save it. If you were following up a lead, you should have been updating me. You broke protocol. The lead didn't pan out. Witness was unreliable. But there's no excuse. I should have called in. And you were supposed to be servicing a faulty relay station. Yet I see you found time to change your clothes. I don't know what's going on with you two and, frankly, I don't care. If we weren't at high alert, and you weren't the best at what you do, you'd both be out on your asses for this. I'm going to ask you once. Whatever it is, are you finished? - Yes, sir. - Good. Walsh, until further notice, you will answer to Chloe O'Brian. She will fill you in on what she needs from you. Bauer has a situation at St. Julian's hospital. I need you to assemble a team, pick up an Elaine Al-Zacar from east 117th and take her to him. - Is she a hostile? - Unclear. Arlo will fill you in on the details. How you perform from this point will determine whether or not you salvage your careers. Now, get to work. I'm in place. I've managed to tap into the hospital's security cameras. But we can only pick up audio in the hallway outside the room. CTU has set up a command center there. Can you see Marcos? Yes. He's still working on the detonator. Are you able to gauge his progress? He already has one of the four circuits reconfigured. We're arriving at the landing now. Soon we'll be able to transport the rods into Manhattan. Are CTU's radiation sensors down? Not yet. But we'll be ready. Call me when Marcos is dead. Port authority's reporting no hits on the radiation sensors at the Holland, midtown and Lincoln tunnels. I don't see any stream updates for the GW, Brooklyn, Queens Crossings. What's the problem? MTA's providing that feed on a dedicated sublink to prevent a server overload. You can access it yourself on the system's Ethernet port. So there's really no problem. There's no way I could have known that. You didn't put that in your hourlies. Right. I will do that next time. I know this must be hard for you, having to report to me since you've been demoted. It's okay, I deserved it. Yeah, you did. I just want you to know I'm actually glad you didn't get fired or anything and... Hang in there. Thank you. I appreciate that. Where are we on aerial detection? I've got drones covering the waterfront with their radiation detectors cranked up. If they try to bring the fuel rods into the city by boat, we'll spot them. Easily. I know you probably hate my guts right now, but I just wanted you to know that I'm sorry. For telling Cole about you and that other guy. You were definitely messing up, and with the threat of those rods... Don't worry about it, Arlo. So is he gone? Who? You know. The other guy. He's gone. So, you and the boy scout are okay? We'll get through it. I'm glad. - But if for some reason that changes... - I know. If you ever decide you want to trade up... I got it. We got the intercom working. You should be able to talk to him. Tell CTU I'll keep my comm up so they can monitor. My name is Jack Bauer. I'm working with CTU.</i> I know the original plan was to smuggle the rods back to the IRK to reconstitute their nuclear program. So I'm just guessing that helping to deliver a bomb to NY which will cost the lives of thousands of innocent people</i> isn't exactly what you signed on for.</i> But the truth is if you do this, you'll be killing the IRK. By bombing NY, you're going to force president Taylor</i> to retaliate, and she will, hard. You can't possibly want that. It doesn't matter what I want. This so-called peace agreement, it's just Hassan signing away my country's ability to defend itself, its independence. He's surrendering without a fight. But there are a lot of people in his own government who are not willing to do it.</i> Marcos, you can't win this fight. The IRK will sustain massive casualties because of this. Because of you. Not because of me. America will be the one dropping all the bombs. No, son. The eyes of the world will hold you responsible for the lives taken in NY. Don't think you can take the moral high ground with me. The arrogance of this country. That it feels it can dictate to the rest of the world</i> who gets to have nuclear weapons, while it insists on keeping my people in the dark ages.</i> You keep saying "your people, your country". I read your file. You were born here. You're an American citizen.</i> - Your father is from the IRK. - You leave my father out of this! What happened to him was unfair and tragic,</i> but this is no way to honor his memory. You can still do the right thing here. You can help me stop this. All you have to do is open the door. Please, I'm begging you. You're not going to get me to change my mind. I came here prepared to die. And that's what's going to happen. Just talk to me. Yes, of course. I understand. We'll see you soon. Thank you. Your friend at the State Department... You trust he can do what he says, give us asylum? He says with what your father has been doing... Ordering unlawful arrest and torture... US law will consider us political refugees. But you have to understand, asylum will not be granted overnight. How long are we talking about? A year, maybe 18 months. But as soon as we file the application, we are protected by the law. Your father cannot touch us. You know that I will not be able to work here legally until asylum has been granted. I have some savings. But I will not be able to give you the life that you have been used to. You know I don't care about any of that. One minute. My mother again. I really should answer it. She deserves to know I'm all right. Give that back to me! - Please. - You know what? You can call her when the lawyer has filed the application. We must wait until then. Bye-bye. Kayla, it's me again. I need to talk to you. Your father told me something terrible may be happening here in New York. Call me back as soon as you get this message. I still can't reach her. - Thank you for coming back. - Our daughter is missing. - I'm not leaving until she's all right. - We'll find her, Dalia. Nabeel told me you had Tarin arrested. I didn't know who I could trust. So you started arresting people from inside your own delegation? What possible evidence could you have gathered so quickly? - I had to do something. - But Tarin? He's one of your most loyal men. So was my brother. Or so I thought. Until he tried to have me killed and destroy my government. If you keep acting like that, you will have done the job for him. Have you told the police? I've been trying to deal with it on my own. But it's time to get them involved. I'm sorry. As you should be! This city is under attack! Our daughter is god knows where! You drove her away with your suspicion and your paranoia! How could you, Omar? How could you have lost your way? You're right. I have. I have. I see that now. And I'll make changes. I'll do everything in my power to find her. And get her safe. You have my word. I am sorry. Who is it? Elaine Al-Zacar? - What do you want? - My name is Cole Ortiz. I'm an agent with CTU. I need you to open that door, ma'am. - I don't understand. What's this about? - Your son, Marcos. You're either going to open that door or I'm gonna break it down. Now! Go! Are you aware of where your son is right now? Not at the moment. How much do you know about his activities on behalf of the IRK? I know that he communicates with family there, if that's what you mean. You going somewhere? I was just about to leave to my sister's house. You do that a lot, visit relatives at 2:30 in the morning? No, I don't. I can explain. Marcos called me about an hour ago. He told me to leave the city. He said he needed me to meet him at my sister's house in Pennsylvania. - He didn't tell you anything else? - No. I swear. Your son's barricaded himself at St. Julian's Hospital, trying to blow himself up with a suicide vest. Oh, my God. I need you to come with me... We don't know how much longer we have till your son can activate the explosive. We have to go. Cole just checked in. He's got Al-Zacar's mother - he's en route to St. Julian's. - What's his ETA? Less than ten minutes. All right, then. Thank you. I would like to apologize again for leaving my post. I know that I let you down. Yes, you did. I brought you in and gave you this promotion because I saw something in you, not just your skill, which is considerable. But an ability to adapt to any situation, drive to be better, attributes that make you a good leader. Or did I misread that? We can chalk up the last several hours to a serious lapse in judgment? - What I... - Look. I don't want to lose you or Cole. You're both valuable, but everyone is replaceable. I screwed up and I'm willing to accept the consequences. I know that Cole feels the same way. Thank you, sir. Hello? - Can I ask who I'm speaking with? - Excuse me? Would you mind telling me your name, please?</i> This is Dana Walsh. Who is this? Forgive me, Miss Walsh, for calling at this ungodly hour. I actually expected to leave a message. I'm sorry if I woke you. No, that's okay. I'm actually at work. - What is this regarding? - My name's Prady. I'm with the Department of Corrections down in Little Rock. I'm trying to locate an individual by the name of... Kevin Wade. I'm sorry. Who did you say that you were again? Bill Prady. I'm a probation officer.</i> Mr. Wade is one of my charges. Do you know him?</i> No. I don't think that I do. That's peculiar since he dialed this number a few days ago from a motel room in Queens. Probably just a misdial. Dialed this number more than once, and some of the calls lasted more than a couple of minutes. Mr. Prady, I am really busy right now. I work for CTU and we are in the middle of a crisis. I completely understand. I've heard the news. But since we're both awake, I wonder if I could meet with you in person. You mean now? I got an early flight to Little Rock, so it'd pretty much have to be now. I'm sorry. I don't really understand why this is so pressing. Miss Walsh, I've grown kind of fond of young Kevin, and the longer it takes me to find him, the harder it'll be for me to keep him from going back to prison. I don't really see how I can be of any help. Yeah, maybe not. But we can determine that when we speak. Like I said, it won't take long. Look, if it'll smooth things over, I could call your supervisor. No. That won't be necessary. I'm sure that I could spare a few minutes for you. Thank you. That would be super. Tell you what. Let me just pull over, and I'll get your address. All right? Of course. According to the bomb techs, he's close. Getting that third circuit active was the toughest part. The 4th is only a matter of rerouting the firing circuits. - What's the time frame? - 10 minutes, maybe less. How much longer to drill through? They're not going to make it. Get her some water. Take care of that. Did she resist? Not once I told her he had explosives and was going to blow himself up. She had a packed suitcase, Jack. So he cares enough about her to make sure she got out of town. - What else does she know? - Nothing, as far as I can tell. - I didn't tell her anything more. - Okay, good. My name is Jack Bauer. I'm in charge of field operations here. - Where is he? I want to see him. - I'm going to take you to him. Please sit down. I need you to fully understand the situation. Please. This is Ortiz. It's me. Kevin's probation officer just called me. He's in New York, trying to track down Kevin. I can't talk to you now. We're in the middle here. Listen to me. I told him I didn't know who Kevin was, but... He caught me in the lie. He has records that show him calling my cell several times. This probation officer is on his way here. You're going to have to figure out why he had your number. I don't know if I can do this. What, lie? We both know you're good at it. Sorry. You just have to handle this. Okay? All right? Let me know what happens. - I can't believe this is happening. - You need to believe it. The men your son is working with intend on detonating a radiological bomb somewhere in Manhattan. That's why your son tried to get you out of the city. He has been an agent for the IRK, since your husband died. We have proof of that. He's going to kill himself to protect this plot unless you can convince him. What do I say to him? Whatever you have to, to get him to stop rearming that vest and open the door. We need him to open the door. Do you understand? If he does that, then what happens to him? He'll be alive. If he cooperates with us, I will do everything I can to help him. I give you my word. Ma'am, I'm sorry, but we need to do this now. We need the room. Now. It's definitely her. Marcos' mother. You recruited him. You know him better than anyone. Will she be able to talk him down? He's loyal to our country. I don't think so. It's me. What are you doing here? You have to stop this. This is crazy.</i> You son of a bitch! Leave us alone! You leave us alone! Marcos, talk to me. I told you to get out of the city. I told you to go to aunt Shelley's. Why didn't you listen to me? I'm listening now. You told me that you meet me there. I believed you. - I was trying to protect you. - From a terrorist attack? That's what they say that you're involved in here. Something that's going to kill many people. Marcos, tell me that's not true! Tell me! - Marcos, why? - You ask me that? After what this country did to dad? I loved your father. You know I did. But he was a complicated man, especially when it came to his politics. But he never condoned violence of any kind. Never. He would agree with what we're doing.</i> You really think that? He hated America. And yet he came to America. He married an American. He had an American son. Honey, nothing is as simple as you're making it out to be. I've registered a 12% degradation in the hospital's security feed. - Can you boost the signal? - You're missing the point. The indications are someone's tapped into the feed. They can see everything we can. I'll see if we can trace it. I wish I'd done more. I wish I'd...</i> helped you, deal with your grief and with your anger.</i> Don't put this on yourself. You couldn't have done any more or been a better mother. She's almost got him. Jack, do you copy? Yeah. Go ahead. The video feed has been compromised. You're being surveilled. I couldn't trace the source. Copy that. I'll take care of it from here. How long to disconnect the video system? - 30 seconds. - Get on it. - What's going on? - Someone else is watching. Mom... I know what they want you to do. - <i>But it's too late for that.</i> - Don't say that. You can still turn yourself in. We'll hire the best lawyers. Whatever it takes, I'll be with you. I promise that. I'm sorry. Marcos, I'm begging you. Mom, listen to me. You got to be strong now. Damn it. No. Please. You're all I have. Please don't do this. I love you so much. - <i>I'm sorry.</i> - It's over. Get her out of there. Samir, I just lost picture. Is his mother still there? No, but he's still in there with one of the agents. You detonate that vest, your mother dies, too. What did you say? You heard me. I'll make sure that she's in Manhattan when that dirty bomb goes off. You don't even know what the target is. I'm not talking about her dying during the explosion. I'll escort her to the blast site, so she's exposed to the radiation. I don't believe you. You wouldn't do that. You're a federal agent. Truth is, I'm not, really. Not anymore. I'm more of a specialist that they brought in for today. If you knew who I was and things I've done before in my life, you would know that I'm not bluffing. So, go ahead. Blow yourself up into a million pieces.</i> I'm going to make your mother come in here and clean it up.</i> And I'm going to take her to the blast site. Do you know how long it takes to absorb</i> a lethal dose of cesium 137? Five seconds. Followed by 12 days of pain that's so agonizing, morphine can't even touch it. You got a decision to make. Make it carefully. You're not gonna hurt my mother. I am done playing with you. You look into my eyes. Look in my eyes! You think I'm joking. What happens to your mother is because of you.</i> Only you. If I open the door and I come out, you promise you won't hurt her? You promise you'll leave her alone? I give you my word. Cole, I've got some action on the door. Put your hands up! Walk towards me! Move! Down on your knees! Put your hands behind your head and interlock your fingers! Don't you move! Cole, I got four lights on. Damn it! Cole, I got four lights on! We need techs. The suspect's come out, but he's managed to arm the vest. I repeat: he has armed the vest. We need bomb techs here to disable it! Marcos is out of the chamber. - What? - They must have talked him, - but he's rearmed the vest. - You're sure? He's still wearing it? I think so. Hang up and transmit the fail-safe. Let's move! Keep you men back! I know the circuit pattern! I'm looking for four common leads before I can disarm it. What's happening?! What is that?! They must have triggered a fail-safe. Get you men back now. Move! - Get this off of me! - I'm gonna try! Just stay calm! Mom! Get her out of here now! I might not be able to do this in time. I need to know what the target is. - I dunno. - How are they smuggling the rods into the city past the detectors? - I don't know, I swear! - Who does?! Give me a name. Damn it, Marcos, give me a name! President Hassan's head of security Tarin Faroush! Tarin Faroush. Did you get that? Copy! Come on. One more. I'm not gonna be able to do this in time. You tell my mother I'm sorry. Jack, do you copy? CTU, this is Jack. Marcos is dead. I'm gonna need to speak to President Hassan. Commissioner, I appreciate that your NYPD's overburdened, but I would ask you to do whatever you can... to have my daughter's picture circulated. Please keep me posted if you get informations regarding her whereabouts. Thank you. Sir, CTU is routing a call to you. - From whom? - Jack Bauer. This is President Hassan. I was told you were briefed on the situation at the hospital. I was. The suicide bomber is dead. His vest was remotely detonated. - Then you have no leads. - No, sir, we actually do. Before the suspect was killed, he identified your head of security, Tarin Faroush, as a co-conspirator. Tarin? Are you sure? Right now you need to call UN security and have them take Mr. Faroush into custody. That won't be possible, Mr. Bauer. Tarin's not here. Where is he? I don't know. Somewhere with my daughter. Excuse me? They are in love... So I've learned. Mr. Bauer, I suspected Tarin hours ago, and had him arrested for questioning. He escaped while being transported to our embassy. Kayla believed he was innocent, and has, apparently, run away with him. Do you have any idea where they might be? Can you contact her? My wife has made several attempts, but she isn't answering her phone. Sir, you need to keep trying. Mr. Faroush is our only lead. I'm going to jump in the shower. Hello, Mother. I have her. We have Kayla on line with her mother. You need to get me an address. I'm sorry I've been ignoring your calls, but I know Father has put you up. Where are you? I can't tell you that. Is Tarin with you? Not at the moment, no. He doesn't want me to speak to anyone. Kayla, listen to me, you are in danger. Tarin is working with your father's enemies. That's not true. It's Father's paranoid delusions. It isn't. CTU just called to confirm. They're on the line with your father. I don't believe you. Kayla, please. You know I loathed your father's behavior and the way that he's handled everything. I wouldn't be telling you this unless I believed it, too. Not Tarin. It has to be a mistake. Then we'll sort it out together. But you must tell me where you are. The Teodore hotel, suite 514. The Teodore, suite 514. Kayla, darling, just stay where you are. They are at the Teodore hotel, suite 514. Thank you, sir. I promise I'll call you once the Americans give us the signal. Please don't tell Father we spoke. - I love you, too. - Hello? We agreed you weren't gonna take your mother's call. I'm sorry, my love. I just didn't want her to worry. Did you tell her where we are? Did you? Of course not. Do you think I'm stupid? You know I could never think such a thing. You are perfection. - Come on. We must get dressed. - Where are we going? Where do you think? To formally request our asylum. At this hour? My friend made the arrangements. But I'm exhausted. We haven't even slept. I suppose you blame me for that. Well, then... Can't we have a little more time together? Come on. You must get dressed. Why don't you just get dressed here? I'm just gonna clean up first. Our men are clearing out now. It's all yours. - Where are we? - I could have a tac team in 20 minutes. No, NYPD can get there faster. I want your men to set up a perimeter and wait until we get there. If any of your men