Hassan is unhappy about Taylor's response to the ultimatum. If he wants to take it up with her, he can do it when... - Throw your gun down. - What are you doing? My life for tens of thousands? I couldn't live with that. What if they blow up the bomb anyway? I've tried to stop it. We've got less than five minutes. You can't trust him! Don't move. Hands where we can see them! - Is he still alive? - Yes, ma'am. Where is Hassan? I don't know. Don't lie to me! They have Hassan. We have the bomb. The bomb's at Amsterdam and 93rd. President Hassan was handed over ten minutes ago. We have an ambush point yet? Intersection of 161st and Amsterdam. CTU is following you. - Can you find me an exit? - Between 158th and 159th. Parking garage. They've made us. He's breaking left. He's going back into the garage. Coming straight at me! You know where to go. You have Hassan? He transfered him to another vehicle. Someone inside CTU is tipping them off. A matter of time before this gets traced back to me. I need to get out of here while I still can. {\$THE FOLLOWING TAKES PLACE BETWEEN 7:00AM AND 8:00AM} Excuse me. I need your passkey. - What's this about? - New protocol since the EMP. Nobody gets in or out without clearance from Mr. Hastings. I can't let you through. You haven't been coded out. - I'm just going to my car. - You'll have to talk to Mr. Hastings. He's in the middle of a crisis. It'll be a couple minutes. No one will notice. I just want to get my migraine meds. Don't make me beg. All right. One of my men will go grab your medication. Give me your keys. That's fine, your men are busy. I'll talk to Hastings. Sure? Thank you, Jim. One car left the parking garage. One minute after the crash. Northeast exit, a blonde was driving. Hassan was probably in it. - Can you track it? - It left the satellite grid. Damn it. Put out an APB. Scan the NSA servers. See if they've picked up any chatter. The President's on line one, She'd like an update. I saw the crash. Tell me President Hassan survived. Actually, we learned he wasn't in the vehicle. - I don't understand. - <i>During the pursuit,</i> he was switched to another car. We're trying to track it. - Then he's still alive. - It appears so. If they wanted him dead, they would've kill him on site. They must have another agenda. I don't even want to speculate. We will keep you apprised. What is happening? - Is my father alive? - We think so. But he's still in the hands of the terrorists. - Now, CTU is searching for him now. - Then there's still hope. Excuse me. The Russian Foreign Minister is here. He wants to speak with you. I'll be right there. I can't imagine how hard this is for both of you. Please know that I'm committing every resource at my disposal to finding him. Mr. Novakovich. What can I do for you? Thank you for seeing me. I know that you are very busy. It's all right. Can I assume there is no change in the status of President Hassan? - I'm afraid not. - Then he is still held by terrorists. For now, yes. Are you hopeful that CTU can recover him? We're following a lead. And, yes, we are very hopeful. What is the nature of the lead? I'd rather not get into specifics. You'll be told the second we know more. I must stress that if he's not found, his government will be in disarray. The peace agreement will not succeed. I'm aware of that. There's no point in speculating on the worse, we're not there yet. I want to make our position clear. If Hassan dies, there is no agreement. If I didn't know better, I'd think you were hoping for that. You believe this treaty weakens your influence in the region. You've been looking for any excuse to pull out. You are under a great deal of pressure, but these are baseless accusations. We have been more than supportive. We are here, are we not? Perhaps I spoke too harshly. I just don't need to be reminded how perilous this situation is. I do appreciate your support, and I hope that I can count on it until we find President Hassan. Of course. Can I talk to you? We have a problem. Jack thinks someone at CTU is working for the terrorists. Why? They were warned they were followed and switched to a different car. Yeah, that bothered me. - Then there was a satellite glitch. - What glitch? That allowed them to get away in the first place. It was too unlucky, especially for us. Jack recovered Tarin's cell phone. If someone tipped him off, we can get the number. Jack's on his way back. Call him on a proprietary line for the data. - All right. - Go. I'm ready to receive. I'm calling Jack now. - This is Bauer. - Renee filled me in. Good, I'm going to upload the phone data to your station. - What's your I.D. number? - 91770. It's encrypted. You'll have to work fast. Excuse me, - I need to access your workstation. - What for? To make sure the parameters reset properly after the EMP. - Can't that wait? - No. If the parameters are off, we could lose more data. - How long? - Couple minutes. Go ahead. It's Chloe. I need to talk to you at my station. It's important. - What is it? - I'll explain when you get here. I'm on my way. Let me know when you're finished. What is it? We think someone inside of CTU is working with the terrorists. - What? - They switched Hassan to another car. They knew they were being followed. Jack recovered Tarin's phone from the crash. Chloe's decrypting the data. Who the hell is it? The data's coming in now, it'll take a second. These are all the calls that Tarin made in the past hour. That's one of ours. It's one of the cell phones NSA provided to us right after the EMP hit. - Who was issued that phone? - They were logged in by hand. Hold on. That's Dana's phone. Where is she? I checked with Hastings, he cleared me through. How's that migraine? Worse than ever, thanks to you. Sorry about that. Just doing my job. Stay where you are... Security monitors, main screen. We need a medical team. Why is there a 112 out on Dana? She's working with the terrorists. Just shot two security guards. - She's trying to leave the building. - Wait a minute... We traced a call from her phone to one of the terrorists. She's been working with them. - What did you know about this? - Nothing! She just entered the parking garage. She's heading for the end of level 2. She's going for her car. Notify Security, lock down the exits. Get out of the car now! Who are you, you lying bitch? Who are you? Let her go! Cole, let her go. Let her go. Where's Hassan? You're going to talk to me one way or the other. Where are they taking him? I want to talk to Jack Bauer. You want answers... get Bauer. Get her out of here. If her name's not Dana Walsh, then who is she? Her real name's Jenny Scott. At least that's what she told me. I don't know what to believe anymore. She said she did bad things in her past. That's why she changed her identity. What bad things? She was involved with a felon. They committed some armed robberies. Someone got killed. That's all I know, but it's not relevant to finding Hassan. You let me decide what is relevant and what is not. - Why didn't you report any of this? - I found out about it a few hours ago. That is not an excuse. I know, sir. I guess I was just trying to protect her. I wasn't thinking straight. So when you and Dana or whatever her name is... went AWOL, what was that about? It's a long story, sir, and it won't help us find President Hassan. I'll make a full debrief once this is all over, but until it is, please, let me stay on duty. I screwed up, but I've been running Hassan's security for the last month. Give me a chance to make this right. You wanted to be told when Bauer got here.</i> He just arrived. Send him to interrogation. Yes, sir. - You get over to debrief. - You need me on this. I need people I can trust. You want to make this right? Then start by getting down everything you know. Then we'll talk. You were right. They had someone inside. Dana Walsh. She's an analyst. We checked the phone data. She called Tarin. She must've warned him - that he was being pursued. - Anybody know who she really is? She's not saying anything until she talks to you. Me? Why? She won't say. Are you up to speed? I spoke with Ortiz. You know he was her fiancé. That would explain a few things. He doesn't know much. Only she had a criminal past and altered her identity. - Not an easy task. - She obviously had help. However, we need to find out. - You think Cole's clean? - I think he's telling the truth, but after this, I'm not sure. I thought I knew Dana Walsh. Cole's clean. Why does she want to talk to you? Don't know. Just met her today. We should find out. Open up. You stand down for now. Just so we're clear, as far as I'm concerned, I kept up my end of our deal. The rods were recovered. I'm still here because I gave President Taylor my word that I would protect Hassan. I know. Thank you. Biometrics ready? They said I was the only one you wanted to talk to. Why? Because you're the only one who doesn't have his head up his ass. Let's not waste any time. You want Hassan, I can get him. I know where they're taking him and what they're planning to do. What do you want? You know the drill. Full immunity, clean record. And I want to be compensated. - Compensated? - When you get these IRK agents, you'll get your hands on their cash. I want my share. I lost a lot of money with this deal. All of this is about money? Isn't it always? If I'm going to take this to the President. I need proof you know something worthwhile. In about a half an hour, you'll have all the proof you need. Hassan's head. You little bitch. - <i>Let me explain to you.</i> - Damn it! The only reason you've got any leverage is because Hassan is alive. So stop screwing with me! They're going to force him to make a statement, then they're going to kill him, live over the Internet. I suggest we stop haggling and you start making this happen. Fine. I'll take this to the President. But you better understand that if we don't recover Hassan alive... you get nothing. Nothing. It's why I asked for you. It's part of the deal. You'll handle this operation. Hassan is heavily protected. I need your experience to running the show. There's been enough screwups. Don't you think? You said you lost a lot of money because the deal went bad. Who was supposed to pay you? You're running out of time. What do the biometrics say? Stable. No deception. I wouldn't put much faith. She's a sociopath. She can't be trusted. This isn't about the money. She's hiding something. But given our time-frame, we need to follow through with this. How? We need to call the President. He's here. They're bringing him up. We should kill him now. The entire city is looking for him. It's not enough to kill him. We need him to confess his crimes, - renounce his lies. - The longer we delay, the better the chance the Americans will find him. He'll never be rescued. He will die, right here. Do you remember me? I was a young man when we met. You were a general in the Revolutionary Guard. I had the honor of briefing you on our operations in Abul Province. You were a great leader then. What happened? Why did you turn your back on our country? It is you... you who has betrayed our country. No. I'm fighting to keep us strong. You have chosen to surrender to the West. It's not surrender. It's an honorable peace... that will strengthen our country. I do remember you. Do you remember the campaign we fought to secure the perimeter of Abul? Yes, I do. The other generals said I was leading my men into defeat. But we fought. For four long days. I believed in my heart that victory was possible. And I was right. I'm not saying I'm never wrong. But I believe... just as strongly in this peace agreement. All I'm asking... is that you put your faith in me once again. I implore you to stop this madness. The next thing you say... will be an apology to every citizen of the IRK. You will beg forgiveness for your treason, and you will renounce the peace agreement. That will never happen. I'll never do that. I will never do that. Oh, you will. It just depends on how long it takes. And how much pain you can endure. This immunity agreement is made out to "Dana Walsh." But it's my understanding that's not her real name. The lawyers are aware of that, ma'am. They say the agreement will hold. Too bad. I thought for a moment there we had a way out. I'll get these to CTU right away. Thank you, Tim. Thank you. Ethan. Still here, Madam President. Are you going to be all right? I'll let my doctors field that one. - They're running tests. - Good. Madam President, what's the situation with Hassan? Is he safe? They have him, Ethan. The IRK agents have Hassan. Oh, dear God. They're going to kill him. Not if CTU can get there in time. There's a rescue operation underway. - They know where he is? - They will shortly. The terrorists had someone working for them inside CTU... an analyst named Dana Walsh. I've agreed to a conditional immunity deal in exchange for her cooperation. Conditional on what? Omar Hassan's safe return. Ethan... There's a real possibility Hassan won't survive this. I hate to even think about it, but we have to be prepared. Is there any chance that the person who succeeds Hassan will be someone we can deal with? The IRK constitution is vague when it comes to succession of power. There's no telling who'd take his place. Besides, Hassan barely was able to form a consensus in his own administration. It took a man of his... charisma and passion to achieve that. I'm sorry to be so negative, Madam President, but we have to be realistic. Without Hassan, there can be no peace. They're ready to start the briefing with Dana... or whatever her name is. - Arlo? - Yeah. I heard you. You work with someone for a year. How did we all miss this? I knew there was something wrong. She was a little too perfect. But I never imagined she'd be a terrorist. I should've seen it. She was acting weird all day. Maybe if I'd been looking in the right spot, like somewhere in the vicinity of her face, I might've noticed something useful. She played us. Get over it. Sit down. I'm only telling you this because you're going to find out soon enough. Dana's been given provisional immunity by the President. - What? - She's providing us with intelligence as to the whereabouts of the people holding President Hassan. I don't care what she's providing. She's a traitor and a murderer! - Cole... - You can't let her walk! Not her! Stop. I know you've been burned... professionally, personally. Get over it. Jack Bauer's heading up the operation to rescue President Hassan. He wants you on his team. But Dana is briefing the group. Do you have a problem with that? No, sir. I'm fine. Good. Stand by outside the conference room. His name is Samir Mehran. Before the IRK planted him here, he was a soldier with the Revolutionary Guard. Altogether, he has about six men left. You killed the rest. You're sure that's where they're holding Hassan? Yes. The entrance to the tenement is on Holland Avenue with exits to the rear and east side. He'll have at least a couple lookouts stationed. - What's the apartment number? - I don't know. - What's the apartment number? - If I knew, I would tell you. Somewhere above the first floor. - What makes you say that? - Because the building is populated. Some families. Samir will want to use them as human shields in the event of a frontal attack. We got what we need. We have to move. Secure the prisoner. Take her to holding. - You all right? - Yeah, I'm ready to go. Get your men and assemble them in the motor pool. Let's move. Let's go. Just read the statement, Omar. Put an end to this. This is only going to get worse. Tell the people you've made a terrible mistake. Atone for your sins. You are wasting your time. I will never do what you ask. Read the statement, Omar, or I will start cutting pieces from your body. Whether I live... or I die... this peace will happen somehow. And men like you will have no place to hide. This peace dies right here with you! You said the drug would break down his resistance. - It should be working. - Give him another injection. - Any more could kill him. - I don't care. Do it. Samir, we can't continue this forever. If he won't read the statement, we must think of something else. He will break. - I know it. - He's stronger than we thought. We need to accept it. Stop. Prepare the Internet feed. What are you going to do? I will tell the world of his crimes. And carry out his sentence. Madam President, I just got word from CTU. Their tactical team is approaching the staging area. They also have real-time uplink. Dalia and Kayla Hassan have asked to speak with you. They're in the waiting area. I was told you found my husband. He's being held in an apartment building. CTU is preparing to go in after him. Do they know if he's still alive? We believe that he is, but we can't be sure. We have our best men in the field and they're going to do everything to save your husband's life. But you cannot guarantee he will be saved. I'm afraid not. But I assure you, we're going to do everything we can. Thank you, Madam President. Madam President, we need you in the situation room. We'll know something very soon. NSA just red-flagged a live feed going out on the Internet. It's President Hassan. Put it through. President Hassan is a traitor to his country.</i> His belief that we must capitulate to the infidels</i> nearly condemned our people to a life of subjugation.</i> What follows is a list of his crimes.</i> You will see that he deserves the harshest punishment.</i> Hassan has tortured and sent his bulldogs on other leaders of the society...</i> The scholars... Does the video give us any clue to Hassan's location in the building? Look at the shadows behind his head. The light coming from the left is natural light. It's a window. You're sure that's daylight? Yes, the light temperature is 5600 degrees Kelvin. That's the building where Dana said Hassan is being held. Based on the angle of the shadows, they're in an east-facing apartment. By the height of the nearby buildings, they're on the fourth floor. The drone is in position. There are two lookouts on the roof. Patch me through to Jack. It's Bauer. Jack, we've got a good fix on Hassan's location. We think he's in an east-facing apartment on the fourth floor. We also confirm two look-outs on the roof, both armed. North and south corner. - Copy that. - You need to hurry, Jack. The terrorist is running a live Internet feed. He's reading a list of Hassan's so-called crimes. As soon as he's done, he's going to execute him. We're at the staging area; I'll let you know when we're moving in. Is this everyone? You'll take down the lookouts. Coordinated shots and I want you to cover our perimeter. Charters, Bank, you'll be with me. We'll use audio surveillance to locate where they're holding Hassan. Silence your weapons. The only way this operation works is by surprise. They feel we're moving in on them, President Hassan is dead. You know what we're up against, and the significance of this operation. Trust your training. Let's do it. Check your comms, meet at rally points in two minutes. I need to talk to you. - I want you on the assault team. - I'm not running ops? I need every agent with experience on this. But this is against every instinct I have. Promise me you'll stay right behind and do exactly as I say. - I need you to promise me. - I promise. Get ready. Target A acquired. B Target moving towards you. 20 feet... - <i>10 feet...</i> - On my mark. Now. Lookouts are down, you're clear. - Moving in towards the building. - <i>We see you.</i> It's become a tool for truth-hiding, misinformation and propaganda for his regime.</i> ... openly supports the masked poisonous vipers of America. This man is not our President! He's an arrogant pretender who'd sell our women and children</i> to the infidels of the West. His terrible crimes against our people demand retribution!</i> We're not terrorists, as President Taylor and her other rats would label us.</i> Don't move. Federal agent. Get down on the ground. We had a hostile on the second floor. Still good to go? Still good. Cover that, we need to move. ... corruption and promiscuity and bringing back foreign domination.</i> This is the dog we sent to speak for our country.</i> He's Taylor's puppet! That's it. It's all right. We're not here to hurt you. Where's your mommy and daddy? Federal agent. On the ground. One more word and I'll kill you. On the couch. Samir's wrapping it up. Get in there right now! Taylor and her country want to strip our nation of progress</i> and defense capabilities. And Hassan's own greed-fueled lies and promises...</i> Visual on Hassan. Ready to engage. ... if your homes were occupied. We have thousands of volunteers who are willing to give their lives. All he sought to create is a hollow, soulless nation. You will soon hear the cry to rise up and renew.</i> We will take back our country. Remember this day as the beginning of a revolution.</i> It is the day we eliminated a tyrant.</i> Hassan has torn us apart, muzzled us, divided us with his condescending</i> peace treaty of subjugation to the Americans.</i> For this treachery, the penalty is death.</i> I'm sorry. I will carry out this sentence myself.</i> The time has come for this criminal to pay. Our country demands justice. Omar Hassan shall pay with his own blood. Talk to me. The statement was prerecorded. He was already dead. Call CTU. I want to know what went wrong. And clear the screens.