in the status of president Hassan? I'm afraid not. Then he is still being held by terrorists. If Hassan dies, - there is no treaty. - If I didn't know better, I'd think you were hoping for that to happen. Jack thinks that someone inside of CTU is working for the terrorists. Jack recovered Tarin's phone. If someone did call and tip him off, we can get the number off the memory. It's Dana's. I spoke to Hastings. He cleared me through. Stay where you are and keep your hands... She entered the parking garage. The only reason you've got any leverage right now is because Hassan is alive. So stop screwing with me! They are gonna force him to make a statement, and then they will kill him. Just read the statement, Omar. You will renounce the peace agreement. I will never do that. He's stronger than we thought. Bury him. I will tell the world of his crimes. This man is not our president! Looks like Samir's grabbed him. We need you to get in there! I have a visual on Hassan. Ready to engage. I'm sorry. I have Jack Bauer on the line for you.</i> Put him through. Madam president, I don't know what to say</i> except that I'm sorry. I trust there was nothing you and your team could have done differently. President Hassan was dead before we even got there. Then you don't owe me an apology. I failed you, ma'am. It was Hassan's choice to surrender himself in order to save American lives. It was out of your hands. Don't put this responsibility on yourself. You need to keep this peace agreement alive. There can't be any agreement when the IRK is without a leader. The hardliners there will take advantage of the vacuum and reverse all the progress we made with Hassan. I'm gonna have to address the delegates in a few minutes and announce the dissolution of the peace summit, and formally release them. If you give up, it means they win. I don't see another choice, Jack. I wish to god I did. Good-bye, Jack. - What's his condition? - He took a round to the shoulder, another through the abdomen, but it exited clean. BP looks steady. We need this guy for questioning. Will he make it or not? Doesn't look like any vitals were hit. He'll live. We'll transport him back to CTU. Medical will take him for now. President Taylor is going to announce the end of the peace conference. - You did everything you could. - It wasn't enough. We should get back to CTU. Why? The fuel rods have been recovered. The peace conference is over. Everybody who was responsible is either dead or in custody. How's Samir? Still unconscious, but the EMTs say he'll make it. Stay with him. I'm handing over complete authority and responsibility for his transport to you. Are you heading back to CTU? We're going home. We're done. Hastings is still gonna want to debrief both of you. I'm sure he will. He knows how to find me. I'm sorry it ended up like this. Me, too. You're a good agent. I wouldn't be standing here without you. I hope everything works out. I'll pack my kit up downstairs. The delegates are assembled in the lounge, as you requested. Let's get this over with. ... discontinue the peace summit that was to be</i> a cornerstone of her administration. President Hassan apparently had been kidnapped earlier,</i> - <i>and then taken to...</i> - Jamot. On behalf of my country, you have our deepest sympathy for this terrible tragedy. Though, on a personal level, I imagine you have mixed feelings right now. Beg your pardon? Hassan had you arrested without cause during his purge of suspected enemies. Allowed you to be brutally interrogated. I would think you have little love for the man. President Hassan was under tremendous duress, and he lost his way, but I never stopped believing in what he stood for. Of course. I meant no offense. I'm sure you didn't. Excuse me. Minister Jamot. If you can spare a few moments, I need to speak with you. I will be happy to sit down with you after I have addressed the delegations. I know you're intending to announce the end of the peace summit, but there may be a way to prevent that from happening. Before you do anything, I need you to hear what I have to say. All right. - Ma'am, what about the delegates? - Just give me a moment. - Let's go in here. - Please. Samir's men were all dead, thanks to the Americans. Samir was the only one left, but I took care of him. So, there's no connection to us? We're in the clear? Maybe not. There was a woman there who might have recognized me. What woman? She may be CTU... I'm not sure... But... I've seen her face before. Where? Six years ago, when we were using that mobster, Vladimir Laitanan, to smuggle military weapons out of the country, she was with him. Are you sure it was her? I don't forget faces. Where is she now? In a taxicab, just ahead of me, with Jack Bauer. Are they going to CTU? I don't think so, no. Then, it seems unlikely she recognized you. Better not to take the chance. I'll take out Bauer, too, while I'm at it. The Americans believe the IRK were solely behind the recent attacks. Killing Bauer and this woman would only alert them to the fact that others were involved. How long before they discover that it was us? It will take even less time if this woman remembers me. What are my orders? Continue to follow them... Keep them in sight... And I'll get back to you. I don't have the words to tell you and Kayla how sorry I am. I know you did everything in your power. Jamot, I wasn't aware that you were here. I only arrived a short time ago. I want you to know that, in our last few hours together, Omar expressed his regrets to me, not the least of which was his treatment of you. I appreciate that. I realize our timing is intrusive, but there's something we need to discuss privately. Did you find him? The man who killed my father? Samir Mehran. He was badly wounded, but he'll live to stand trial. And, believe me, he would pay dearly for what he's done. Kayla, darling, I need to speak with president Taylor alone. Give us a few minutes. What is it that you wish to talk to me? As you know, for almost a year, your husband and I worked to make this peace agreement a reality. In that time, I saw the kind of leader he was. He managed against difficult odds to bring a fractious and contentious parliament together. Now that he's gone, your country is going to be thrown into turmoil. I am aware of the challenges that we are facing. Why are you telling me this? Clearly, someone needs to take the reigns of the IRK government. Someone who believes in the same ideals and principles as Omar Hassan, and who shares his strength. Minister Jamot believes that person should be you. What? I'm not the only one who believes it. I've spoken to our delegation, as well as with the other members of our cabinet back home. You represent our best. Our only real chance to preserve our government and your husband's agenda. You are out of your mind! I am no politician. But you are a martyr's wife. And history has proven that to be something far more powerful. You have always been popular with the people. The vast majority of them want peace. They'll rally around you. The council of guardian will have no choice but to recognize you as successor to the presidency. But I have a choice. You assume too much of me. I realize that this is a lot to consider, especially now while you're grieving, but without a unifying figure to hold your country together, everything your husband worked for, will be for nothing. My marriage to Omar was far from perfect. We had many problems for a very long time. I know only too well, how difficult it is for a marriage to survive a life in politics. But through it all, I never stopped loving him. Or sharing his desire for better relations with the west. If it is the will of my people and of my government, I will take my husband's place at the peace conference. It will be my honor to stand with you. We'll make the announcement together from the United Nations. Thank you. - She's going to do it. - That's incredible news. I want every delegate contacted personally. Tell them to cancel any plans to leave the country. We are returning to the UN. I'll also call CTU and implement those changes if you still agree. That's your decision. Do what you think is best. Where's Bauer? He left the scene, took Renee with him. Hassan's death hit him pretty hard. Samir's been taken to medical. - Is he conscious? - Barely. Let me know when he's ready for questioning. All right. Put him through. This is Tim Woods with homeland security. I'll put you through to Mr. Hastings.</i> Actually, I'm calling to speak with you. Me? Are you sure? I know this is unusual, so I'll get straight to the point. President Taylor and the dignitaries are returning to the UN where she'll announce her intent to move forward with the signing of the agreement. Excuse me, but how can she do that without Hassan? I'm not at liberty to say just yet, but our immediate concern is whether CTU is capable of handling security for the rest of the process. It's already been infiltrated, compromised more than once today. We cannot have any more mistakes. Are you suggesting I'm responsible for those mistakes? On the contrary. I reviewed the hourly reports, you've made some astute calls, and have proven to be very resourceful. Why are you calling me? I'm relieving Brian Hastings of his post effective immediately. We're now in the process of suitable candidates to replace him, but until we find someone, you'll have provisional command. You're putting me in charge? For the time being. I know your record at CTU, L.A. branch, and how important you were during the Sangala crisis. Nobody in that building has more experience. This is a mistake. What happened with Hassan, and everything else. It wasn't Mr. Hastings' fault. I don't have time to debate this with you. Division feels you are the most qualified, and I agree. My decision's made. Now accept it, and let's move on. Does Mr. Hastings know? Division's informing him as we speak.</i> Just try to make the transition as quick and painless as possible. I'll be in touch. Come in. I want you to know, I don't think it's fair what they're doing, laying all the blame on you. Everything that happens here is my responsibility. The successes and the failures. I recruited Dana Walsh into this agency, I let the snake into the garden. I need to review protocols with you. Let's not waste any time. - Did you live here long? - Just during my recovery. I still think I got some coffee around here. What's her name, your granddaughter? Teri. Kim named her after her mom. Listen, I know that we've said a lot of things to each other, and you've made promises to me about... I want you to know that I'm not gonna hold you to them. It's been a terrible day, and I know that we say things, I don't want you to... Hello? Somebody there? Take my briefcase to marine one, and tell the secret service I'll be ready to leave shortly. And send Mr. Novakovich in. Yes, ma'am. Mr. Novakovich. Thank you for seeing me. Not at all. What can I do for you? I just had a curious phone call from Tim Woods indicating that you are intending to move forward with the peace initiative with the IRK. - That's correct. - May I ask how you propose to do this, considering their leader is dead? I intended to answer that question during my address to the assembly, but since you're asking... Dalia Hassan will be signing the agreement in her husband's stead. That's... an interesting idea, madam president, but I don't see how she would have the authority to sign such a document. She's getting it from her government now. Their parliament called an emergency session to ratify her as provisional president. The letter confirming that is forthcoming. Madam president, I appreciate your optimism, but I don't understand how you can believe that installing Hassan's widow as some kind of figurehead will alleviate our concerns about the instability of the IRK government. With president Hassan dead, the opposition will only get stronger. Hassan's death will galvanize his supporters and every advocate of this peace process to endorse her as his successor. You can't be certain of that. Once again, Mr. Novakovich, you're giving every indication that Russia has no interest in this peace accord. I'm sorry that you feel that way, but the fact remains that we are no longer confident that any meaningful progress can be made. Respectfully, my country will be declining to sign your peace document. Excuse me. Do I need to take this up with president Suvarov myself? If you like, but I can assure you, I have full authority on this matter. Any decision that I make represents the formal position of the Russian government. Good day. Agent Peters, I need to see secretary Kanin now. Liberty's on the move. We managed to clear a blockage in one of your coronary arteries, and the x-rays show the heart damage to be less than we expected. In other words, I'm a tough son of a bitch. You're a lucky man, I'll say that for you. So I can resume my duties. Although the procedure was noninvasive, take it easy for a little while. That isn't a no. Hello, Ethan. How are you feeling? I've seen better days. Would you give us a few moments, please? Thank you. You heard about Hassan? Tim Woods told me. He also filled me in on the IRK plan to install Dalia Hassan. What do you think? Her family's well connected and powerful. It's an inspired idea. Well, the Russians don't. Novakovich told me in no uncertain terms they won't accept her. They're using it as an excuse to pull out of the signing. Even if the IRK has a new leader, the peace agreement won't stand without Moscow's endorsement. I need your help, Ethan. You got the Russians to the table. What can I do to keep them there? There may be someone who can help us here. But you're not gonna like it. Who? Charles Logan. Logan? Ethan, you can't be serious. The man's a criminal. I don't care if he was pardoned. I didn't agree with Daniels' decision, either, but the fact is he's left several messages at my office over the past hour. Apparently, he's aware of the Russian reticence in signing the agreement. He's offered his assistance. How could he possibly know about this? Despite his political downfall, he's managed to maintain a uniquely close relationship with Moscow. His messages indicated he has information which might prove useful in keeping the Russians at the table. What information? He didn't say. Allison... I don't trust this man any more than you do, but I'd be remiss if I didn't urge you to at least... hear him out. Listen up. I've never been very good at good-byes. But I want to tell you what an honor it's been for me to have served with each and every one of you. Division is now vetting names to replace me. In the meantime, Chloe O'Brian will be in charge, and I'm sure you will show her the same loyalty and commitment that you've all shown me. Thank you. Don't worry, Chloe, you can do this. I hope so. I just want say, we had a rough start, but I eventually really enjoyed working for you. I'm happy to say that I was wrong about you. If I had listened to you in the beginning, maybe things would have been different. I doubt it. I'll be at division debriefing. But I'm available if you have any questions. Thank you, sir. Good luck. Mr. Hastings. I have agent Ortiz on the line. They have a situation in medical. This one's all yours, Chloe. Ms. O'Brian. - It's Chloe. - Where's Hastings? He's not here. What happened? Samir's just gone into cardiac arrest. Four milligrams epinephrine and 275 lidocaine. I'll be right there. Clear! Going again at 360. Clear! I thought that was not serious. So did I. Where is Hastings? - He's been removed by division. - Who's in command? I am. Until they find a replacement. You were with Samir? From the scene, yes. What about at the scene? He may have been out of my sight. Emergency personnel were with him. We got to move his body for an autopsy. Not yet. Order a preliminary toxicology panel. - They'll run a full panel. - I want it now! He was barely conscious. He couldn't have taken something off. Somebody could've given it to him. Do what she says. I'll be in Hastings' office... My office. Let me know when you find something. A few of the more conservative members of our delegation may continue to resist you. But... we can persuade them. Perhaps if I spoke to them personally. A very good idea. Miss Kayla, I didn't get a chance to tell you how deeply sorry I am. Thank you. I will see you both back at the UN. The UN? I thought you were going home. Not yet. There are new developments. I'll explain them to you on the way. What is going on? Why did President Taylor and Jamot want to speak with you alone? They have asked me to consider staying on... to complete your father's work. I don't understand. What does that mean? Our party wishes to appoint me as the new President. What was your answer? You told them you couldn't accept, not after what's happened. Our country is on the verge of a coup by the people responsible for the murder of your father. Someone must lead. You can't beat them, don't you realize that by now? I don't believe that, I won't. The greatest blow I can strike against them is to sign the agreement. - This will be your father's legacy. - It will be a death sentence for you! You want peace to live, but all these people want is anarchy. They'll kill you! Enough! You are not the only one who has suffered today. This was not an easy decision for me, but it was mine to make. I don't need you to remind me of the danger. I need you to help me be strong. Now, pull yourself together. There is a car waiting for us. I'm sure the media does want a response, but I'm not ready to give them one just yet. They'll have to wait. All right. Thank you. The press secretary says the Russians are leaking to the news channels their intention to reluctantly pull out of the talks. They don't like wasting time. Has my guest arrived? I had secret service bring him and deliver him discreetly to conference room number three, as you asked. Thank you. Let me convey my condolences on the loss of President Hassan. I know you worked closely with him. This must be very hard for you. Thank you, for your sympathy. If you don't mind, I'd like to talk to you alone. This is my executive assistant, Jason Pillar. I assure you he can be trusted. Forgive me if I don't give much weight to your endorsement. He needs to leave. Will you excuse us? Let's get something straight. I agreed to this meeting only at the behest of secretary Kanin. Now, I'm not sure you're entirely aware of the situation. My understanding is, the Russians are rejecting Dalia Hassan as a legitimate successor, as a result, won't sign off on the peace agreement. You're well informed. I have close friends in Moscow. In some ways, people there appreciate me more than people in my own country. It wasn't their constitution you trampled. The Russians have been trying to back out of this agreement from day one. Do you honestly think your relationships can change their minds? I'm certain I can. - How? - Let's just say I'm going to be able to exercise some leverage. What kind of leverage? If it gets the job done, does it really matter? - It does to me. - I can promise you no laws will be broken, nothing will tarnish you, but the details really must stay between me and the Russians. You and Hassan created the framework for the most significant peace in a generation, and you... got the entire world behind it. To let the Russians tear down what should be the crown jewel in your administration... Don't play me. This is about you trying to repair your reputation. Is that so hard to understand? You participated in a conspiracy to cover up the assassination of David Palmer. I was trying to protect the country from an unnecessary trauma... You were doing what was best for yourself. You're right. You're right. I suppose I've spent so many years trying to justify my actions that it's become difficult for me... to own up to the truth. I made mistakes. Terrible mistakes, that stained the office of the presidency. And for which I will be paying the rest of my life. But I still can be of value to my country. I can still do some good. We both know you wouldn't have called me unless you were out of options. So we can continue to do well on the past, or you can let me pursue the only chance you have of resurrecting the peace process. Please. Let me help you. All right. Thank you. What do you intend to do first? Arrange a meeting with the Russian delegate Novakovich. Get a message to him at his hotel. Tell him that you are sending over your official emissary to have a talk with him. What if he doesn't agree to this meeting? Make sure he knows it's me. He'll agree to it. God help you if you make me regret this. You okay? Perfect. Promise? I am so thirsty. Me, too. Do you want something to drink? Sure. I'll be right back. Don't move. Your cell's ringing. Don't worry about it, let it go. Hello. Jack's phone. - I need to talk to Jack. - <i>What's wrong?</i> Samir Mehran is dead. I think he was assassinated. What do you mean, assassinated? I ran a preliminary toxicology report.</i> It showed traces of an unidentified toxin in his bloodstream. Someone must have injected him with it, probably at the scene. There was an EMT there. He looked familiar. There was so much going on, I didn't take much notice. Familiar? From where? I need you to get my FBI case files. Get me everything on red square. You think he was from the Russian mob? He looked like somebody who was with Laitanan during the time I was under. That was six years ago. Are you sure? Honestly, no. Just send me the case files, all the surveillance photos and I'll see if he's in there. You need to hear this. Are you there? Don't talk, I'm gonna get you to a hospital. - <i>Did something happen?</i> - Who is this? Renee's been hit by a sniper. I need a trauma team at St. Andrew's now. Hold on, stay with me. Let's go. Keep everybody in the lobby. There's a sniper. Call 911. Now! Move! We need to get to the hospital, on the 22nd and ninth. You can make it. Wait... Just wait. We're gonna make it. I promise. Come on! We've got to get there now! Come on, come on. I got you. You'll be all right. We're almost there. They're near from your hospital and should be there any minute. Make sure she's given priority care. Thank you. Pull up satellite. Isolate the areas between 8th Avenue and West 18th street. - What's going on? - Walker was just shot. - What? - Just do what I asked. Jack said the sniper was positioned at his apartment at 1145 west 18th street. - Roll back the feed 3 minutes. - Is she gonna be okay? He's rushing her to the hospital. I don't get it. Why would anyone want to kill Renee? Help! She's been shot! No exit wound! We got a gunshot wound to the chest. Let's move. - What's her pulse? - 110, respiratory is still ragged. - Check her carotid. - BP is 80 over 50. - Five is epped. - How many gunshot wounds? - One in the chest. - Is patient typing crossed? Call the blood bank, send up four units of O-negative. It's Chloe. How is she?</i> Not good. We rolled back satellite. The shots were fired from an office across the street. PD reported finding a body at the scene.</i> What about the shooter? We don't have anything. We lost him. You were on the phone with her. What were you talking about? It's not important right now. - <i>Be with her.</i> - She's in surgery, I can't. What were you talking about? I told her Samir Mehran was given a lethal injection at the scene of his capture, probably to keep him from talking. Renee thought she may have recognized one of the EMT. - She didn't say anything to me. - She wasn't sure. She didn't think it meant anything at the time. Where did she say she remembered him from? From her days undercover with the Russian mob. She asked me to get her the red square file.</i> Did you pull up the file? I gotta get back to you. She didn't make it.