take mr. Bauer away. He's under arrest. Ha you learned anything else about the attack? Renee walker followed a lead on her own. Got a visual on a heavily armed commando unit lead by juma himself. Bill buchanan. Renee walker says the target is the white house. Condition red. Secure the president. There's no safe path out. Weeed to secure her in the first floor lockdown. hostage rescue tea are moving into place. They'll be prepared to storm the building as soon as the order's given. Mr. Vice president, terrorists are in control of the white house. Until you can provide me more intel on what's going on in there, you are instructed to refrain from launching any action. President taylor is locked in the safe room. What is it I can do for you? I need you to find me another way in. Well, I'm looking at the white house manifest, and according to ts, olivia taylor is presently in the building with you. You find olivia taylor, and you'll get the president to open that door. - President taylor... - God, no. If you don't open the door, I'm ing to cut out your daughter's eyes one by one. - Open the door. - Madam president... - no, open the door. Open the door! - I can't do that. I can't! Do you have children, jack? I have a daughter. Could you do what you're asking me to do? Just stand by and watch her butchered? No, ma'am, but I am not the present the united states. Well, I am the president, and I am ordering you to open that door. All right, general, you've got me now. There'no reason to hold anyone else. Let them go. ******** Now, whawe do know is that the president was in the building when the attack took place, and she may have been taken hostage along with numerous other white house personnel. Vice president hayworth was not in the building, and we're told he was moved to a secure location. - The fbi has cordoned off a nine-block perimeter... - mr. Vice president, that was agent moss. What does he have to say? He's still requesting that you authorize a rescue operation. Does he have any more intel about what the hell's going on in there? No, sir. He deployed two units with deep-band parabolics, but all they were able to get w static. They think juma's using some kind of jamming equipment. They've also got spotters at every possible angle around the building, but they haven't been ae to see inside. We still don't know whether juma has the president, or whether the president is lked inside the safe room? No, sir, we don'T. I will not authorize any action until I know the status of the president. Relay that to agent moss. Yes, sir. mom, I know that I hurt you. I'm so sorry for cutting you out of my life. - It's okay... - no, it isn'T. You were right to fire me off e campaign. I felt so betrayed, I turned my back on you. Olivia, don't worry about it. It all seems so stupid now. I hope you can forgive me. Darling, I forgave you a long time ago. Livy, you have to listen to me. We really are going to be okay. Just keep your eyes open and be ready. Abo. - No, no. - Get up. Leave her alone! Get away from her! Get back! I said leave her alone! Please! Olivia, it's okay, darling. It's okay! Bill, we needto make a move to try to save the president. How? In the lockdown room, there were five canisters of ch-4. Before we surrendered ourselves over to juma, I opened the valves. Within the next few minutes, that room is going to be saturated with natural gas. It's going to take one spark to set it off. I think the explosion is going to be large enough to take out most of juma's men. That's when you can make your move how do we set it off? I'll me a run for the lockdown room. Try and draw their fire. All we need is one stray bullet. That's a suicide play, jack. We don't have a choice. Just make sure you can get to the president and get her out of here. She knows about the plan; she'll be read what are you planning? Are you going to do something? When it happens, you'll know about it, senator. Damn it, if you're planning something, I want to know what it is. Senator, shut up. Read this statement. It is a confession of your crimes against my country. The atrocities that you have committed will now be seen by the whole world. I'll read your statement, general, but I need you to release the other hostages. You got what you came for. You have the president of the united states. As a sign of good faith... I will release one of the hostages. You... stand up. do you want me to release any more hostages, president taylor? You son of a bitch. You will read this statement or I will do the same thing to everyone here... starting with your daughter. General, the uplink is complete. All right. The world is waiting, madam president. "This is theresident of the united states. "Six hoursgo, I ordered our armed forces "to invade sangala without warning and without provocation. "This attack was a cminal act motivated solely "by america's desire "to exert its power and influence. Tell me you're shutting this down. We can't, sir. It's a live feed straight to the internet. I don't care. Shut it down. It's going out on multiple servers, sir. It would take hours just to trace them. this is derek watt hold on. - Sir, it's ent moss on teleconference. - Put him on. - Sir, are you getting this? - Yes. So is the rest of theamn world. Mr. Vice president, I believe juma came here to humiliate the president and stage a public execution. We have a rescue operation in place. All we need is your authorization. You don't know what juma's intentions are. This could be a prelude to a set of demands. There are no demands here, sir. This is about revenge. Juma knows he'll never get out of the white house alive. You're speculating, agent moss. My advisorare telling me the most prudent course of action is to try to initiate communication with juma. We've been trying to do that. He hasn't responded. Sir, juma has no desire to negotiate anything. Hes going to kill the president. Sir, we have a tactical plan in place. It's a two-pronged assault, and we're confident that it stands a good chance of catching juma off guard, but we're losing time. We have to initiate now. I cann authorize any action at might result in the president's death. Keep trying to open dialogue with juma. Hold your position till you're told otherwise. I will keep this feed open. "General juma has demonstrated "that even a tyrant state like the U. S..." be ready. Jack, listen to me. Juma's not solely coordinating this attack. What do you mean? I heard him talking on his sat phone. He's coordinating with someone on the outside. They were giving him real-time intel. You think it's someone in the white house? I don't know. But even if we take juma down, the president may still be in danger. You're the only one I know who can do this, jack. Find out who juma's working with. agent moss, a device has been detonated in the west wing. Mr. Vice president, there's been an explosion at the white house. - An explosion? - Yes, sir. The president's internet feed has gone dark. We saw that. What's happening? I don't know, sir, but we're going in under my authority. Let's go. - That is not your decision. - All teams, attack plan delta. Agent moss, you're under orders! Agent moss! Code green. Go, go, go, go! pierce, get to the president! Madam president, are you okay? We need get out of here right now. Both of you, me with me. Let's go. This way. madam president, get down. Stay low till I know we're clear. Ngozi... kill the hostages. The president is mine! Udo... udo? No, no, no, no! Don't move! Don't you move! clear. We're clear! Secret service! I ve the president! Aaron pierce, secret service. Let's go, ma'am. madam president, this way! We have the president. The president is secure! Repeat: We have the president. This way, ma'am. Renee! We gotta get the president out of here now! This way, ma'am. It's all right, darling. It's gonna be all right. Madam president... we're still sweeping the west wing. But we do believe all the hostiles have been accounted for. Now you and your daughter will stay here until we finish securing the building. I understand. Now once we get the all clear, we're going to move you to andrews air force base. No, I'm staying right here. Ma'am, it's r your own safety. Do what's necessary to make surethis building's safe because I'm not going anywhere. The american people need to know that the president is in the white house. Yes, madam president. How many people did we lose? It's too early to tell. Medical teams are on their way to treat the wounded. We're going to set up a triage unit in the east wing. All right. I'd like to speak to the vice president as soon as possible. Yes, ma'am. And I need to know how my husband's doing. Would you please contact dr. Lee schulman at west arlington hospital? - Yes, madam president. - Thank you. How's agent pierce? They said he's gonna be okay. What about you? I'm not sure. I still can't believe this happened. I thought they were gonna kill all of us. I was so scared. It's over... and we're safe... thanks to a lot of brave people. Excuse me, madam president, the vice president is on a secure line. I'll be right there. Did you mean what you said about putting the past behind us? Of course I meant it. I don't ever want to lose you again. You won'T. the president's safe, jack. She's in the residence. She's secure. M so sorry, jack. I know that he wasour friend. It was supposed to be me. I was supposed to set off the explosion so that he could secure the president. He died protecting his country. Yeah. This isn't over yet. Agent moss... juma and his men were not working alone. What are you talking about? When I was in the lockdown with the president, bill said he heard juma talking on a sat phone. Said he was getting real-time intel from someone on the ouide. - Who? - I don't know. The point is, I don't think this threat is over, and I don't think the president is safe. You sure buchanan heard this right? ****** And right now the only lead we've got is ryan burnett. He knew about the attack on the white house, and chances are, he's gonna know who juma was talking to. All right, all right, I'll talk to him. No, the president already offered him immunity. He turned it down. He's not gonna tell you anything, but he will talk to me. Why is that, jack, 'cause you tortured him? I don't need to touch him. I just need him to think I'm there to finish what I started. And I promise you he will tell us everything we need to know. Larry, please, the last thing bill asked for before he died was for me to follow this through. I owe him that. Look, I give you my word. I will not touch burnett. Jack, look, I understand about your friend, I do, but I got standing orders from the president to take you into custody. I gotta get you back to fbi, but I promise you I'll look into this, all right? Agent powell, handcuff mr. Bauer. Take him down to staging area B. Sir, put your hands on top of your head. Larry... if you're gonna tell me he's right about this I don't want to hear it. Yes, that's the problem. You're not listening to what he's saying. When are you gonna stop defending this guy? I'm not defending him, I'm defending a good idea. I just said I will look into this! Now do your job: Finish locking down the building. Agent reynolds. I need to speak with the president. It's urgent. She's in a secure location. You'll need to go through ethan kanin. - Where is he? - He just arrived. - He's on his wayto see the president. - Thanks. The president's in the residence with her daughter. They've both been checked over and they're in good condition. Thank god. I want a conference with the secnav and the joint chiefs as soon as possible. We're routing all white housecommunications to the residence, and we're setting up a temporary command post. Good. Mr. Kanin, I need to speak with you. I'm on my way to see the president. Yes, I know, sir,but it's extremely urgent. It'll only take a few moments. all right. What is it, agent walker? Some new intel has jus come to our attention and we need to act on it immediately. I tried to reach the president, but I couldn't get through. I'm listening. Sir, the threat to the president may not be over. We've reason to believe that general juma was not acting alone. Before bill buchanan died, he saw general juma communicating with someone on a sat phone. At this point, we can confirm that fbi ages entered the white house ments ago, and there were reports of sustained gunfire. It appears that authorits are now in control of the west wing, and we are expecting word from our fbi source of the status of the hostages. While there has been no official comment... so what have we got? The president's alive. Are you sure? We've been monitoring interagency servers. Word just went out. Juma's dead, taylosurvived. What happened do you think? We don't know any details yet, but we'll keep monitorg. well... you gotta admire the damn bitch. She doesn't give up easily. I'm sorry, sir. We, uh, just didn't have enough control over the situation. Greg, you look tense. Do me a favor. Have a drink, relax. juma held up his part of the bargain. We're getting what we wanted. As far as I'm concerned, everything's still on track. where are the weapons now? A shipment should ready for pickup in the next couple of hours. Good. Get chapman on the phone. I want to nail down some targets. Sir, the chopper you requested is on its way. It'll be here in ten minutes. You'll be escortingmr. Bauer back to fbi. - Hold him in the command center. - Yes, sir. - this is larry moss. - This is ethan kanin. I understand you're taking jack bauer back to fbi? Yes, sir. He's gonna be debriefed and remanded into federal custody. - I want you to put that on hold. - Sir? I just spoke with agent walker. She told me juma may have been working with someone on the outside, and that there may be an ongoing threat to the president. Yes, that's true. I want you to send jack bauer to questioryan burnett. Agent moss? Sir, I think that's a mistake. Yes, agent walker shared your concerns with me, and I've given this some thought. If burnett does know who juma was working with, bauer's approa may be our best chance to get that information. With respect, sir, bauer almost killed this man. I was there, agent moss, but this will be a controlled interrogation. We're gonna play on burnett's fears. Bauer's presence alone should be enough to intimidate him into talking. Sir, bauer is a ld card. We have no idea what he'll do when he gets in that room with burnett. I realize there's a risk. That's why you're going to do this under my authority and my authority alone. You're not taking this to the president? No. If something does go wrong, I want to make sure the president is protected. With respect, sir, I think you're not telling the president 'cause you know she'd never allow this. You've made your objections clear, agent moss. I'm not going to debate this with U. I want you to take bauer to question burnett. That's a direct order. Do you understand? I understand. And I'm counting on you to supervise every second of that interrogation. I'll expect a full report as soon as you're done. Yes, sir. I want tspeak personally to the famies of everyone we lost tonight, so... ep me informed as they're notified. Absolutely, madam president. And the minute angela nelson gets here, send her straight up to me. We need to start working on the speech to the country. Of course, madam president. Patrick, you have just been through a terrible ordeal. Are you sure you're okay? I'll be fine. It helps to focus on work. I understand. thank you, patrick. thank god you're all right. How you feeling? like I just woke up from a nhtmare. It was unbelievable, ethan. I can't even imagine it. How's olivia? She's shaken up, but she's going to be okay. I'm glad to hear it. We lost some good people tonight, ethan. We're going to need all the help we can get. I'm thinking about bringing olivia on as a special advisor. Madam president, I can understand your not wanting to be separated from your daughter after what's happened. Especially after what's happened, we need people who can do theob. I'm not disputing olivia's competence, but she's also a political liability. Nobody's forgotten what she did during the campaign, leaking damaging personal information about your opponent to the press. Oliv knows what she did was wrong. She almost cost you the election. She's changed. We talked about it, ethan, and she is accepting full responsibility. She has learned from her mistakes. I'm willing to put the past behind us so we can move ahead. I still think it's a mistake. I don't care what you think! I am so sorry, ethan. You know i don't mean that. But I've made up my mind. I want olivia to join my administration. And I want it to come from you. Me? Your offering her this position would be a good way to extend an olive branch. I need the two of you to make peace. All right, madam president. I'll talk to her. Thank you, ethan. I understand agent walker was trying to reach me. That's right, but I spoke to her. What did she want? Just some procedural matters, madam president. I took care of it. Larry, you wanted to see me? I just got off the phone with ethan kanin. Look, I didn't want to go behind your back, but you didn't leave me any choice. I didn't leave you A... How about you choose to follow orders? - I'm sorry, larry. - No. I don't think you are. Larry, I've seen jack do some terrible things today. Things that I still can't justify. But he has been right every time. And you know what? I can't help but think that maybe if we had just stayed out of his way, none of this would have happened. Look, I am sorry that I went behind your back, but I... I promise you this play with burnett will go down just the way jack says. If you think you're going with bauer, you are out of your mind. You may have gotten a white house order, but I'm still running this operation. I'll take bauer to see bnett. You're going back to fbi. I want youto clean out your office and hand in your badge. I'm suspending you indefinitely. Okay. I know that you're upset larry, but this isn't over. You're going to need me. What I need are people that I can trust. I thought that was you. Look, you may think you got what you wanted, getting renee to go behind my back, but ethan kanin ordered me to l you question burnett. I'm going to be watching you every second you're in there. You do one thing I don't like, you're finished. You understand me? Understood. You shld leave renee out of this. She was just doing what she thoht was right. Yeah? Well, she may lose h job over it. She's the best agent you've got. She circumvented my authority. I can't just ignore that. I've known this woman for nine years, and I've never seen her do the kind of things she's done in the last nine hours. We've narrowed the list down to 12 targets along the eastern seaboard. They're all within 300 kilometers of the base. How many people? 10,000 to 15,000 in each target zone. And our kill ratio would be what? Well, we've chosen these areas for maximum population density, so the ratio could be as high as 80%. Let's hope we never have to find out. Get these coordinates down to the boys in tac-ops. Have them start programming them in. Yes, sir. We just intercepted a flash memo from the fbi. Jack bauer is on his way to kennedy memorial hospital to question burnett. Bauer was arrested. How is this possible? There was an executive order from the white house giving bauer access to burnett. Bauer will finish what he started. Burnett will tell him everything. No, he won't, sir. I have alreadyent somebodyo the hospital to deal with burnett. He can take care of bauer at the same time. - Who did you send? - Quinn. Quinn's good. Bauer's good, too. Agent moss, we've locked down the entire floor. We equipped burnett's room with two cameras and audio surveillance. Where is he? Down the hall. It's going to be a moment. Doctor has to revive him. Why? What happened? He was given a heavy sedative. He was in pretty bad shape when he got here. Dr. Wyndam, special agent larry moss, jack bauer. I understand youe here to interrogate my patient. That's right. Well, he's still recovering from his last interrogation, so if you're here to brutalize him again, I won't be party to it. Doctor, your patient was involved in a terrorist attack against the wte house in an effort to kill the president of the united states, and I believe the people he's working with want to try it again, so if you've got a problem... we won't harm him, doctor. This will be a controlled interrogation. Please, we need your cooperation. It's going to take him a couple of minutes to come out of it. Who are you? I'm a friend. What's your name? - Robert. - Robert? - Yeah. - You're recovering from heart surgery? Yeah. Do you have a wife, robert? No. She passed away. - Children? Grandchildren? - No. What abouthis man? Does he have family? Yeah. Lots of grandkids. Make a hell of a noise when they visit. how's your arm? I should be back on my feet in a couple of hours. And you, ma'am? Oh, it's nothing a little aspirin won't take care of. I want to thank you for what you did. You took a bullet for me. You saved my life. There is no need to thank me, ma'am. Right, you were just doing your job. Only in this case, it wasn't really your job since you retired four years ago. Yes, ma'am, that's true. Do you mind if I ask you why? Diit have to do with martha logan? Martha and I were... close. It must have been hard for you-- what happened to her. I'd prefer not to talk about it. I'm sorry. You don't have to apologize. I hope you won't be a stranger, agent pierce. Thank you. And, uh... it's aaron. Okay, aaron. You get some rest. I'd like to head back to the residence now if that's okay? Olivia... I was just coming to see you. I'm glad you're all right. Thank you. You have a moment to talk? Sure. the blunt fact of the matter is... this administration has just suffered some terrle losses, and we need help. The president and I would like you to consider coming on board as special advisor to the president. I, uh... I have to say I'm a little surprised. - Surprised? - Oh, that you'd sign off on this. You mother said she's ready to put the past behind her... and so am I. I overstepped my bounds during the campaign, and I was wrong. I'm glad you see it that way. But it's not the past that concerns me, ethan. It's what's happening right now, and what's been happening ever since my mother took office. Excuse me? Do you think any of this would have happened if my mother had a chief advisor who knew what the hell was going on in her administration? What are you talking about? R government was corrupted on every level, and it all happened right under your nose. Even you have to admit, it's an unconscionable failure on your part. Frankly, I'm surprised you haven't tendered your resignation. You have no right to speak to me that way. You don't know what you're talking abo. You don't have the facts. I intend to get the facts. I'm going to find out exactly who failed my mother, and I am going to make sure that that person never is in a position to do it again. Excuse me. okay, let's go. I'll be watchi. You lay one finger on him, it's over. Right. - He's coming around. - Good. Wake up. Wake up. Remember me? Oh, my god. What the hell are you doing here? I've juscome from the white house. Juma's attack failed. He's dead, and so are his men. A lot of innocent people died today. Good people. Including a friend of mine-- bill buchanan. You might have met him. You stay the hell away from me. And I want to talk to a lawyer right now. Do you hear me? I want to talk to a lawyer! Somebody get me the hell out of here! You're not going anywhere. It's just you and me, pal. Did you really think you were going to get away with it? Somebody please, help me! You're wasting your breath. Th're not coming for you. Please don't hurt me. I'll tell you anything you want. Do you hear that-- I'm ready to talk. I'll tell you anything you want to know! Just get him out of here! I'm ready to talk! They're done talking to you. That's why they sent me. Please, you can't do this! You have no right! This isn't legal! - what happened? - I don't know. Looks like we lost the sound feed. Give me a second. There are no laws in here, mr. Burnett. You aided and abetd terrorists, who then tried to kill the president of the united states. now you have to answer for that. The rules don't apply to you anymore. No, please, please, you can't let him touch me! - Please, you can't let him do this... - Shut up! it could be a glitch in the trunk line. damn it, fix the thing! I'm trying, sir. - bauer? - He jammed the electronic bolt. - Is there another way in? - No. Jack! Jack! Damn it, bauer, open the door! have security lock down the hospital. I want a high-priority apb issued for jack bauer. All agencies. - it's de. - Good. Thank you. It's done. Burnett's dead. And bauer? They'lthink he killed burnett. So, nobody will know that we were involved. - Good. - Yeah. Now 're having some fun. agent moss. Larry, it's jack. Listen to me. Where are you? I didn't kill burnett. I'm being set up. Set up? A man released some kind of rve agent into the room. It immobilized me. He came through the ceiling and killed burnett. I swear to you, I'm not lying. I watched him do it. Get back in here, we'll work this out. I can't, you know that. You can if you're innocent. Look, there is a reason why they wanted me framed and didn't kill me. They're trying to keep you distracted by dealing with m so they n finish what they started. Don't let them get away with this. This threat is not over.