Jonas Hodges told us that there were other parties involved with him in the creation of this bioweapon The FBI has apprehended Tony Almeida. He is a key figure in this plot. Jonas Hodges was killed outside FBI headquarters. Ms. Taylor might be involved. Olivia is capable of many things, but I can't believe committing murder is one of them. I need you to access the digital recording system. To see if their conversation was recorded. What I can't live with is that monster getting away with this. My operatives are with your daughter. In fact, I'm looking at her right now. You will help Tony Almeida escape or my people will murder your daughter.</i> - Don't move! - Jack, why? The people that are working with Tony have operatives with Kim right now. They threatened to kill her if I don't break him out. The people who are watching you are our only lead to finding your father That laptop has the camera they were using to track me. We may be able to back trace to my father. Your people are gonna be able to launch the biological attacks, just as they originally planned. How? We have Jack. The pathogen's in his organs. We'll be able to harvest what we need from his body. Tony believes in what we're doing. Are you suggesting I meet with him? I'll look Almeida in the eye, and if, for any reason, I don't like what I see, I can't let him walk out of that meeting alive. - How much longer does he have? - A couple of hours, give or take. The pathogen could survive up to two hours after death. The only sure way to destroy it is by exposure to extreme temperatures above 500-degrees Celsius. Get him ready to move. Tell me if you need more people, I will get them for you. We don't need people but to get lucky. The transmitter node on the laptop is encrypted with multiple relays. - Can you source the transmission? - I'm trying with a work-around. Call me as soon as you have something. - They can't source the transmission? - They're working on it. Chloe and Janis are doing everything they can. Is there no other lead, no other way to find my father? This is a good lead. We have it 'cause of you. Yeah, except my father's dying. And we don't know how much time he has left. Come in. What are you still doing here? Just finishing up the conversation we started. I told you to escort Ethan to the gate. Take him out of my office and off the White House grounds. No, ma'am, I am not gonna do that. I'm calling security. Having me dig up dirt on Noah Daniels is one thing.</i> - This is a whole different animal. - I'm aware of that, Martin.</i> I want this to happen. I want this person taken care of.</i> It's Jonas Hodges. The digital card you confiscated from me was blank. I gave the real one to Agent Pierce. How long have you known, Aaron? I had my suspicions, ma'am, but I was hoping I was wrong. I'll wait outside, Sir. - This doesn't tell the whole story. - Sounds pretty clear to me. Hodges is dead, you're responsible. I know, but I tried to stop it from happening. Save it, Olivia! You can't talk your way out of this situation, not this time. All right, Ethan... You win. I'll resign. Come up with some excuse. You could have your job again. - Everything will go... - This isn't about getting my job back! It's about the truth! The truth could destroy my mother's administration. I am fully aware of the implications if this goes public. You don't have to spell them out for me. Then what do you want? For the president to take the next step. Whether she decides to prosecute this or bury it, that's her call. But she needs to know the truth. I'll let you tell her yourself. I can't believe you're doing this. You're betraying everything that you've ever worked for. You think this country failed you, I don't care what kind of ideology you believe in now. This is no way to fight for it. What you're doing is wrong. This is wrong, and you know it! Damn it, Tony, look at me! Please... As someone who was once your friend... Let me die in peace. Don't let them use me to kill innocent people. I have no intention of letting them use you as a pathogen, Jack. - I never did. - I overheard you. This was your idea. You sold it to them. It was just a play. A play? To get the man who's coming here right now. Took me three years to find him. Took me another year to get him to meet me face-to-face. I had to prove myself to him by taking down Jonas Hodges. I had to convince him that I was a true believer in his cause. What are you talking about? His name... is Alan Wilson. He was the man behind Charles Logan. He's the one who ordered the hit on David Palmer, He had Michelle killed to cover his tracks. This is the man who murdered my wife, Jack Everything that you've done today is for personal revenge? - It's about justice. - Justice. You killed innocent people, Tony! Ten times as many people would have died if it hadn't been for me. The deeper I dug to find the person responsible for Michelle's death, the more I kept running into men like Jonas Hodges. They're the ones with the crazy ideology, not me. I'm the one who had a plan to bring them down. I'd enlisted Bill and Chloe to help me track all the elements of this group. And when I finally got what I wanted, they would turn them in and shut them down. You screwed that all up, didn't you, Jack? You see... I'm the one who saved lives today, Jack. Not you. I'm the one who helped you recover the CIP device, who warned you about the White House attacks, I'm the one who stopped Jonas Hodges from launching those missiles! You tell yourself whatever you want. You launched a biological attack on Washington Center Station, If we hadn't gotten there in time, thousands of innocent people would have been killed! I did what I had to do to get Alan Wilson there. And now... he's gonna die. You kill him, and no one will ever know the full extent of this conspiracy. I'm not gonna kill him, Jack... You are. Damn you, Tony. Damn you. I'm sorry that it has to be you. The truth is they wouldn't let me within 50 feet of the guy. You're the one he's coming for. You're not honoring Michelle's life. You are reveling in her death, and she would despise you for this. We're clear. - When's Wilson coming? - Soon. He wants to see Bauer's medical record. It's right over there. Wilson doesn't know about us. And it's best to keep it that way, at least for now. Sure. I understand. He's here. Ready? Let's go. Put your hands behind your head. We're all clear. Go ahead. That's far enough for you. This is Tony Almeida. - I've been looking forward to this. - Yes, I know. Where's Bauer? Right inside. Second door on the right. Need this. So, Cara... thinks you should be playing a larger role in our organization. - You've been an asset. - Thank you, sir. But I believe there's a lot more I can bring to the table. But first, I want to see Bauer's pathology report. I have it right here. This is the FBI! You're surrounded!</i> - Lay down your weapons! - Fire at will! I repeat, lay down your weapons! Set us down! I need you to get me to that green van! Go! Stay away from me, I'm wired with C4. Tony's got the detonator. Stay away! Wait, I know this trigger mechanism. I can disarm it. Where's Kim? She's safe. She's the reason we were able to find you. Tony's been playing both sides all along. You need to stop him. He's trying to kill the man who's behind this conspiracy. His name is Alan Wilson. He was responsible for killing Tony's wife Michelle. That's why he's doing this. You want to end this for good, you need to stop Tony from killing him. Otherwise, you're gonna lose any chance of exposing the others. You're clear. Let's go! Woodside Industrial Complex. We're at the southeast quadrant on our way to the perimeter. Call me when you have an exfiltration point. How did this happen? - How did they track us? - I don't know. Thank God you're okay. The extraction team will be here soon but we gotta move. It took me a long time to find you. To peel back all the layers of people you hide behind. But I stayed patient. Because ever since the day you had her killed, the only thing that kept me alive was this moment right here. You sound like you were involved in some kind of a tragedy but I had nothing to do with it. See, Michelle and me had gotten out of all this. We made it out together. And we were gonna start a whole new life. Until you came along and took it all away in a split second. It wasn't just my wife you murdered. She was carrying my son. You killed my son! My son! And now, I'm gonna kill you. Tony, don't move! Tony, don't move! Get him out of here. These people think they can take everything away from us, Jack! Somebody had to stop them! And what'd you do? You ran away! That's right, you ran away, Jack! You're one of them now! Congratulations! How would Teri feel about that, Jack? You lost your nerve! You're a coward, Jack! A lot of people died today because of you. Including someone close to me. You will be charged with treason and conspiracy to launch terrorist attacks against this country. The only way that I see you avoiding the death penalty is by cooperating. Tell me who else is involved in this conspiracy, and I'll make sure that your cooperation is taken into account by the grand jury. How can I cooperate if I have no idea what you're talking about? It's not gonna work, Wilson. Whatever this conspiracy is that you think that I'm a part of, I guarantee you won't find a shred of material evidence connecting me to it. In the eyes of the law, - I'm an innocent man. - You son of a bitch! Anything else you need to say, - you can say to my attorneys. - Ma'am. They're almost ready to take Bauer to the hospital. You wanted a heads up. I give you Hydromorphone to make the ride easier. It'll make you sleepy, but it'll break the pain. No, not yet. Please. - Could you give us a moment? - Dr. Macer wants you at the hospital. It's all right, she can wait. What happened? He's denying everything. Claims that we don't have a case against him. Is he right? Maybe. Which means he has absolutely no reason to tell us who else is involved in this. But I can make him talk. If we don't find these people, one day they'll launch another attack, and I can't live with myself knowing I could have done something to stop it. I don't know what to do. I can't tell you what to do. I've been wrestling with this one my whole life. I see 15 people held hostage on a bus, and everything else goes out the window. And I will do whatever it takes to save them, whatever it takes. I guess maybe I thought... if I save them... I'd save myself. Do you regret anything you did today? Then again, I don't work for the FBI. I don't understand. You took an oath. You made a promise to uphold the law. When you cross that line, it always starts off with a small step. Before you know it, you're running as fast as you can in the wrong direction to justify what you started in the first place. These laws were written by much smarter men than me. And in the end, I know that these laws have to be more important than the 15 people on the bus. I know that's right. In my mind, I know that's right. I just don't think my heart could ever have lived with it. I guess the only advice I can give you is... ... try to make choices that you can live with. I don't know what to say. Don't say anything at all. Mr. Bauer, we really need to go. What are you doing out of bed? What's going on? Olivia wouldn't say until you got here. You'll understand when I tell you. It's gonna be hard enough to say once. I'm listening, Livy. What's this about? Jonas Hodges. He's dead because of me. Don't tell me you were the one who leaked the information. It's worse than that. Talk to us. He killed Roger. Hodges killed my brother. And then you agreed to put him into witness protection. And the thought of him getting away was too much for me. So I called Martin Collier. He had once... told me he knew someone who could do this kind of thing. You're saying... Collier hired someone to kill Jonas Hodges? I did. I tried calling it off, but it was too late, and everything was happening so fast. Who else knows about this? He has a recording of my conversation with Martin. He's agreed not to turn it over to the attorney general. He says he'll respect whatever you decide to do with the evidence. - Mom, say something. - How could you do this? How could you do something so stupid? I'm sorry! I tried to call it off, I swear! It doesn't matter, darling, it happened! For God's sake, Allison, stop yelling at her. Hodges killed our son. I know what he did. Then you know if anyone deserves to die, it's him. All you should be thinking about now is how to protect our daughter. Protect her? How? Destroy that recording. And cover up a murder? Henry, I can't just disregard the law! Allison, spare me your sanctimony. You're Olivia's mother. I'm also the president of the United States. And our family's already paid a steep enough price for that. What are you saying, Henry? You know exactly what I'm saying. Your job cost our son his life. That is a cruel thing to say. I couldn't have done anything - to prevent Roger's death. - But you can do something about this. For God's sakes, Allison... We've already lost one child. Sorry, Madam President, but there's some news from the Bureau you need to hear. Good news. I'll be down in a moment, Tim. Yes, ma'am. Go, Allison. But so help me... destroy that recording... and save what's left of this family. Dad, what did I do? We're going to figure this out. I'm sorry. We'll figure it out. He's a high-value suspect, make sure you restrict access until I get there. Agent Walker's bringing him back now.</i> - What's their ETA? - About 10 minutes. I'll be there in 20, have transfer papers in order by then. Excuse me, Chloe? I've got to work on transfer papers, so we'll have to schedule debriefing - for later. - I can come back later, or tomorrow. You staying in town? I want to be here for Jack. I'd like to thank you for all the help - you gave me today. - Yeah, it was interesting. Given what you have to work with, you're doing a pretty good job. I'll take that as a compliment. Thank you. Good. That's what it was meant to be. Because the pathogen was weaponized, the disease is at an advanced stage. I'm sorry, Mr. Bauer. All I can do is administer morphine, which will induce a coma, but you won't feel any pain. No morphine. Not yet, please. Excuse me Dr. Macer, Mr. Bauer has a visitor. All right. He'll see you now. I'll be outside. Thanks for coming. I was surprised to get your call. I'm dying. I know. I made so many mistakes. And I always thought that I would have the time to correct them. You've the time. Right now. You don't know what I've done. We live in complex times. Nothing is black and white. But I do know this. I see before me a man, with all his flaws, and all his goodness. Simply a man. Let us both forgive ourselves for all the wrongs that we have done. Thank you. It's time. Olivia, come and sit down. I can't. I never imagined that this job would be so hard on both of you. I had no idea of the price this family would pay. And for that, I am so sorry. But I have a sworn duty to enforce the Constitution. And failing to honor that oath would be the worst kind of hypocrisy. I love you more than anything in this world. And I will do everything I can to help you through this. But as president, this is what I have to do, no matter how much it breaks my heart. Agent Pierce will remand you to federal custody. I am escorting you to the Justice Department, where you will be held until formal charges have been issued. I'm sorry, honey. If you'd like to talk later... As much as I wanted to cover this up, I couldn't. You don't have to explain yourself to me. I understand completely. Henry doesn't. He'll come around. In time. I don't think he will, Ethan. I really don't. I've lost my family. I've lost everyone. Not everyone. Then you'll take back your letter of resignation? If you want me to. I do. I need your help, I need it now. The FBI has taken a man into custody. His name is Alan Wilson. Woods is on his way to pick up Wilson, you need to sign the documents. What's wrong? What's going on? - Get out of here. - Excuse me? - I said get out of here. - What are you doing? Get out. Absolutely not. I'm staying right here until Wilson is transferred. Fine. What are you...? - What are you doing? - Put your hands over your head. I said do it now, Janis! Secure your hands to that pole. - Now! - Okay. Just calm down, all right? Just... Renee, please don't do this. Please don't do this. You've done your job. You arrested him. Let the courts take it from here. Stop this now, before it's too late. Don't throw away your career. This is absolutely insane. Larry would not have wanted this. Don't dishonor his death like this. Daddy. - I'm too late. - He's still alive, Kim. We induced a coma to help ease him through the harsher symptoms. My name is Gohar. I'm a friend. A friend? We spent the last few minutes talking, and I can tell you he's accepted what is happening. Maybe he has. But I haven't. The stem cell treatment you told me about. Can we still do it? As I told you, it's experimental and the odds of success - are very low. - Just tell me if it's too late to try. Then I want to do it. - The risks... - I understand the risks. And I know my father didn't want me to take that chance, but it's my choice now, I made up my mind. This is Sunny Macer. I need immediate access to a surgical suite.