Where's Ryan Burnett? What? Senator Mayer's chief of staff-- where is he? Tony double-backed to one of his contacts who gave him information of a second attack. It's gonna take place here in Washington within the hour. Juma's operatives are carrying it out. Burnett's been supporting them all along. He knows where the attack's gonna take place, so you can either tell me where he is, or I will find him myself. Mr. Burnett, you are a traitor and a terrorist. I am not. I love my country. Mr. Bauer, this is President Taylor. Where's the target?! What you're doing is against the law, Mr. Bauer. I am ordering you to stand down. Where's...? Take Mr. Bauer away. He's under arrest. You should have come to me. You should have presented your case. And would it really have made a difference, ma'am? Colonel Dubaku is dead. Laurent must never know about this, or about his father's cowardice.</i> There is no sign of my father. Let me take his place on the assault team. Spoken like a true Dubaku. Laurent, it is time for us to go. This is it, Larry, no question. They're moving out. Any idea what the next target is? No. From our location, it is approximately 100 meters to the entrance. Let's move. That's it. I need to see her right now.</i> Ms. Taylor, the president will see you as soon as she's able. Well, you tell her her daughter is done waiting. I'm going to the hospital to be with my father. I think it would be a good idea to talk to your mother before you do that. The president's orders are that you remain in the White House. So if I try to leave, you will actually physically restrain me? Oh, that would never happen, Ms. Taylor, because I know you have too much respect for your mother and her office to ever let things get that far. Well done, Agent. You've been at this a while. Five administrations, ma'am. Olivia, your mother asked me to fill you in on what's happening. Well, with all due respect, Ethan, you're the last person she should be sending. There's about to be another terrorist attack on this city. That's why she wants you to remain here. Are we talking about more planes going down? We don't know. But whatever's going to happen will happen soon. I'm heading to the Pentagon. On top of all of this, there's also the invasion to deal with. So, bear in mind, your mother's under tremendous pressure right now. It's only a matter of time before the media picks up on the heightened security measures. I want to issue a statement before that happens. Play down the actual likelihood of an attack, talk about the security measures as being due diligence, rather than... No, Meredith. The public deserves the truth. We stress caution and calm, but we acknowledge we have intel about another terrorist action. Yes, ma'am. Angela and I will have something for you as soon as possible. Madam President, Larry Moss is calling in. He says he's got a lead on the attack. Put him through. Agent Moss, you're on with the president. Madam President, we've discovered what we believe was a staging area being used by terrorists on the south shore of the Potomac, near the ITP rail and shipyards. Madam President, we've identified one of the men as General Juma. What?! Juma's in DC? Yes, ma'am, and we know that there are at least a dozen other men involved in the attack, and they are armed for a small war. Have you found evidence that tells us where the target might be? No, ma'am, but we have search teams out looking for the men, and we're hoping that Agent Walker has more information. She's the one who I.D.'d Juma, but, uh, we've lost contact with her. Lost contact? Yes, Madam President, but we have every reason to hope that she's still alive and in pursuit of the terrorists. If she's out there, ma'am, we'll find her. Hold it right there! I'm Agent Renee Walker, FBI. Agent Walker, we just got an alert on you. You need to call Larry Moss at FBI right now. Tell him there's gonna be a terrorist attack on the White House. Yes, ma'am. I'll call it in right away. This is Thompson... Ranger Thompson, please respond and report your location. Ranger Thompson... Bill. The attorney general wants you transferred to his custody so he can file criminal charges. Have we learned anything else about the attack? I reached Tony. He couldn't get any more information from his guy. According to the FBI, Renee Walker followed a lead on her own to an abandoned warehouse on the Potomac. Got a visual on a heavily-armed commando unit led by Juma himself. But she went missing right after she called it in. What do you mean, missing? We're not sure. The FBI's searching the area, but there's no sign of her, or any evidence telling us what the target might be. Burnett knows. The president offered him an immunity deal. He turned it down, hasn't said a word since. Damn it, Bill, he was talking when they stopped me. Put me in a room with him for five minutes, and we can stop this thing from happening. Jack, even if I was willing to release you, he's being transported to Kennedy Memorial. You couldn't get access to him. Fine. Then you do it. You can get access. I'm not trained in coercive techniques. This is not a maybe. Ryan Burnett is an accessory to a terrorist attack. If you don't do this, people will die. Look, I'm not arguing about what needs to be done. But I can't do it. I don't do that. It's not me. That's not good enough. Jack! Damn it, Bill. That's not good enough. You were the one who told me, people who stand by-- they might as well help them plant the bomb. You can do this. Bill, you have to do this.</i> I can't, Jack. I'm sorry. Bill? I can't. This is it, General. We're on the other side of the conduit. Are you in position? Yes, General. I'll be ready for you. What was that? I thought I heard you say something. Just, uh, talking to myself. Yeah. Hey, I tell you we're having people over on Saturday? Nothing fancy. We're bringing in Chinese. You think you're gonna make it this time? Oh. Chinese. But I was looking forward to Sheila's cooking. All clear, General. Excellent. We'll have access in ten seconds. Once we're in, we'll have two minutes until the proximity alarms come back up. Five, four, three, two, one... Move! I've accessed the Secret Service tracking grid. Where is she? Right here in the Oval Office. Let's go. Clear. We will meet resistance, which we must counter quickly. Silently. We have nine minutes until the next Secret Service roll call. We must find the president by then. Yeah, I'll let you know, as soon as it's ready for release. Let go of the phone. Huh. Five minutes until roll call, General. Juma had your father killed. What? Listen to me, I know that Dubaku is your father. Juma's been lying to you. Your father is dead. My father is alive! Juma had to make sure that your father didn't talk. So he sent a man named Udo to murder him. No. No, I... I don't believe you. Look, I was there when Udo did it. That's how I found you. By following him back to the rail car. General Juma betrayed you. You are lying. You are lying! Renee! I know the target. Reissued warrants and order for transport, sir. Sorry, Jack. This way, Mr. Bauer. Bill Buchanan. It's Larry Moss. Renee Walker says the target is the White House. How good is her intel? Firsthand. She says they're getting in via subterranean access. I'll initiate a lockdown. You alert CIRG. This is Bill Buchanan. I have confirmation the White House is a target of a terrorist attack. Condition red. Repeat: Condition red. Secure the president. Get to your posts. Jack, I could use your help. I need to know you'll do exactly as I say. You have my word. Where's the president now? Oval Office. What's the meaning of this? You need to come with us. The White House is under attack. What?! Madam President, we need to go. Ma'am, we need to go right now. Ms. Taylor. I've got the president's daughter. We're on our way to the lockdown. Men are down. There's no safe path out. We need to secure her in the first floor lockdown. Bill, we're clear. What the hell is he doing here? He's with me. Madam President, right now, you need all the help you can get. How is this happening? Where's my daughter? Aaron Pierce is taking her to lockdown as we speak, but we need to move. Agents in zones five, seven and nine, please respond. Five, seven and nine, respond. I can't reach anyone in the quadrant. Juma's men are headed straight for us. They know where she is. They're tracking her, Bill. Madam President, let me see your tracker. Bill, what's the most direct route to the lockdown? From the east. I'll head west with the tracker and draw them away. You go with Jack. Agent Bauer. This is your house. I'll follow. We're moving the president to lockdown. Agent Hovis, we've got agents down in multiple quadrants. We need reinforcements, sir. Copy that. We're on our way to the lockdown now. Let's go. General. The president has left the Oval Office. She's heading down the west corridor. Udo, take your team that way. We'll trap her in between us. We're getting close to the president, sir. Up ahead, around this corner. The president's tracker, sir. They know we're here. They're moving the president to the lockdown. Find her. Take him. We need hostages. Start gathering 'em up. Let's move. We've engaged hostiles on the way to the lockdown. We do not have a visual on the president. We're still two minutes away. Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Move it! Come on! Come on, move it! Come on! Aaron, it's Jack. I'm with the president, approaching lockdown. Where are you? We're still upstairs, Jack. Move! Move! WOMAN: Please... Hostiles are in control of the area. Looking for a way past them to the lockdown. Copy that. Juma's men are closing on our position. You're going to have about 30 seconds to get here before I have to seal this door. PIERCE: Understood. You will not close this door until my daughter gets here. Madam President, right now, your life is the priority, whether you like it or not. Please, step inside. Madam President, are you all right? Aaron, it's Jack. We're sealed off in the lockdown. We came under attack. We didn't have a choice. We couldn't have made it anyway, Jack. We'll try to find a way out of the building. Copy that, Aaron... Jack. Jack, do you read me? Aaron, it's Jack. Do you copy? Damn it. Juma's cut off our communication. I need to know that my daughter's safe. Madam President, I can't answer that yet. Abo. General Juma, they brought in reinforcements. I don't know how much longer we can hold them off from your position. Stand by. Ngozi? Agents are moving in from all directions; we will be heavily outnumbered. Does Secret Service know the president is secured in the lockdown? The only ones who saw are dead. Put me on to their communications channel. Go ahead, sir. This is General Juma. I have the president. Evacuate immediately, or she will die. I need proof you have the president before I can give that order. Let us speak to her. Who is this? Special Agent Hovis. Agent Hovis, move your men out of the building and beyond the fence line, or I will kill the president. And her death will be on your head. Agent Hovis? We're pulling back. All agents, fall back immediately! I repeat: All agents fall back. General, Secret Service is retreating. They are retreating, General. All of them? Yes, sir. Gather all the hostages and bring them here. Lock down the exits. Move. Sir. Confirming Secret Service retreat in western quadrant. Copy, General. The only reason Secret Service would retreat is if they thought Juma had the president. But that man, Bauer, said he g t my mother into the lockdown. Juma's bluffing them. We need to get out of here and let our people know that as soon as possible so they can retake the building. Get out of here? How? They're everywhere. Move it! Shh! Keep your hands on your head-- move it! Go! Move it! Go! Move! Move it! Move! Move it! Come on, move! Move it! Move your feet. Get out here. Move it. Move it. Right here. Keep going. Come on. Move it! Sit down! Sit down! Everyone down! Everyone down! Get down. Down now! Get down! Turn around. Turn around. Can you open it? Yes. Assuming the specifications Hodges gave us are correct. How long? 15 minutes. We confronted them in one of the first floor corridors. At that point, Juma ordered us to retreat, threatening to kill the president if we didn't comply. But he never gave a visual confirmation he was holding the president? No, he didn't, but I felt, at that point, I had no choice but to pull back. His men were killing civilians and agents. Any idea how many people are still trapped inside? Cross-checking the evacuees with the White House manifest. So far, it looks like 53. Any Secret Service? HOVIS: As far as I know, we have no agents left in there still alive. They'll be prepared to storm the building as soon as the order is given. Yeah, well, at this point, that order has to be given by the vice president. What's his status? Secret Service has him en route to a secure location. All right, let me know as soon as he's locked down. And Hovis, I need an infrared SAT-SCAN of the building. Highest resolution possible. Got it. You didn't tell me that Jack was in the White House. He was under arrest. Being held under guard when the attack took place. Under arrest for what? He found out an aide to Senator Mayer named Burnett was part of the conspiracy. He was caught torturing him... in the White House. Almost killed the man before he was stopped. Renee, the president is our priority, not Jack Bauer. Are we clear on that? Clear. Are you sure? Yes. They're bringing in more hostages. Get down! Now! Get in here! Sit! No talking. I don't see Olivia. Madam President, that's good news. I know Aaron Pierce. He will do everything in his power to make sure that your daughter is safe. This is the White House, for God's sake. How is it possible that they were able to get around our security protocols? There's only one explanation. They had help on the inside. From whom? Oh, this is insane. Juma must realize that there's no way for him to get out of this alive. I'm afraid he does. This is his endgame. He came here to make a statement, and he's willing to die for it. As soon as the rescue teams realize that you're secure, they'll move in. It's only a matter of time. What's he doing? Is that some kind of explosive? No. Mr. Bauer? Oh, my God. They've got the access codes. I need to get into that panel. Is there something I can do? Yeah, give me that toolbox over there. Put it on the table. Damn it. Madam President, plug the cord into the wall, please. Now. Okay. General. What's wrong? It just went dead. Somehow, they must have disabled the circuitry from inside. Then, we'll use C4 to blow open the door. We'll have to drill sinkholes into each of the 11 locking rods. It will take too long. Depending on how the steel is hardened, C4 might not even work. Then we'll find another way. There can be no room for doubt. We have the president trapped. We open up that door, we become a part of history. We will find another way.</i> Yes. Um... just a moment. Call came in on the dedicated uplink. I heard it. It's him, sir. Put him on speaker. General, didn't expect to be hearing from you directly. What is it I can do for you? We have a problem. The president is secured in the lockdown. Well, we prepared you for that possibility. We gave you the specs for the locking mechanism. They shorted the lock out from the inside. I need you to find me another way in. General, I've given you everything I have to give. My part in this thing is over. Are you forgetting that you don't have the shipment yet? Now, General, I expect you to be an honorable man. We made a deal. We held up our end of the bargain. We got you in the White House. I expect you to hold up yours. I don't care about your expectations. You help me, or I will destroy that shipment before it ever arrives to you. Hang on. Well... Seaton, what do you think? Can he do what he says? The shipment's not due in the port for another two hours. His men will have plenty of time to destroy it, render it useless. General? Tell me-- who else is in the lockdown with the president? My men saw her enter with another man. Well, I'm looking at the White House manifest, and according to this, Olivia Taylor is presently in the building with you. The president's daughter? Are you sure? Their system logs everyone in and out electronically. If it says that she's in there, she's in there. Now, you find Olivia Taylor, and you'll get the president to open that door. Your shipment will arrive as planned. Thank you. There, you see-- stress. Stress... is the fertilizer of creativity. Let's play some darts. The president's daughter is somewhere in the White House. Let's find her. Raise your heads. Show me your faces. What do you think's going on? I asked you a question, Mr. Buchanan. You think I made the wrong call with Bauer. You think that if I'd signed off on him torturing Ryan Burnett, all of this could have been avoided? You don't know what I'm thinking, Senator. She's not here. Go ahead and find her and bring her to me. What happened? What did you see? The door's guarded. Well, there's got to be another way out. There are only three exits to this wing, and they're all covered. The windows are sealed and hardened. Unbreakable. We have to let them know the terrorists are bluffing; that they don't have my mother. Our only option is to get a signal out. We can do it from the windows of the residence. Okay, okay, good. You'll be safer if I leave you in a secure area. I'll get the signal out and come back for you. I'm not gonna sit and hide in some damn vent, Agent Pierce. Ma'am, it is a long way, and we're probably gonna encounter more of Juma's men. It's too dangerous. I don't care. I'm going with you, and don't try to argue. We don't have the time. Okay. Stay behind me. Agent Moss, SAT-SCAN's all set up here. We can see the cluster of hostages, but not the individual bodies. That the best they can do? They can't boost the resolution on this? No, sir. The White House is one of the most heavily shielded buildings in the world. Yeah, got it. The vice president's ready. They're initiating communication. Thanks. Yeah. Give us the room. You're on with the Vice President. Mr. Vice President, I'm Special Agent Moss, head of the FBI's DC branch. This is Agent Walker. I've been briefed on the general situation. What are the latest facts on the ground? There's nothing further from General Juma, but an infrared scan of the building shows he's holding the hostages in a hallway outside the Roosevelt Room. Now this is very possibly good news for the president. Explain. The area's not one of the more defensible places in the building. Tactically, it makes no sense for Juma to have chosen it as a base. However, the area is adjacent to the ground floor lockdown, which we know the president was en route to. So, you think the president made it into the lockdown? That's our best explanation for him being there. We're therefore are asking you to authorize the rescue operation before Juma manages to penetrate the lockdown. Do you have any other evidence that supports your theory that the president is in the lockdown? There's the fact that he couldn't produce the president when we asked him to prove that he had her. Couldn't or wouldn't? You can't be certain which one it is, can you? Certainty's not possible in this case, sir. We're giving you our best estimation and we urge you to allow us to launch. What if you're wrong? What if Juma does have the president? He will kill her as soon as he realizes what you're doing. Inaction has its own risks, too, sir. The more time Juma has to reinforce his position, the more difficult it'll be to take the building and to save lives. I understand. But my priority must be the president's life. Prudence dictates that I hold off on authorizing the rescue operation until we can be more certain of her status. Mr. Vice President, terrorists are in control of the White House. I would ask you to consider if prudence is the appropriate response in this situation. I thank you for your thoughts, Agent Walker. Until you can provide me with more intel on what's going on in there, you are instructed to refrain from launching any action. Keep me apprised of any further developments. All he's interested in is covering his own ass. He's the Vice President. Right now, he's calling the shots. It was the right call, sir. You can't order an operation that results in the president's death and your own elevation to the job. It would be politically untenable. Never let anyone hear you talking like that, Derek. Understood? Yes, sir. Oh, God... Oh, my God, Aaron! They would've heard those shots, so you're going to need to get the signal out before they get back. There's a security kit behind that door in the bureau. It's got first aid and a flashlight. You'll flash Morse Code out the window. Reach in my jacket. I got a pen. Here. Give it to me. Give me your hand. This is called "Code Green." A dot is a short blink; a dash is a long one. "Code Green" will signal them to move in. Go! Okay... okay... Okay... Okay. Okay. Okay. General Juma, I have the president's daughter. Bring him. Sources have confirmed that the siege inside the White House began approximately 40 minutes ago. We do not yet have confirmation on the number of hostages being held, or if the president is among them. Behind me, you can see dozens of tactical assault units standing by. Government analysts tell us the order to launch any operation in these circumstances would rest with the vice president. General, I discovered fiber-optic cameras embedded in the chandelier. Sit! Get me a chair. Yes, General. He spotted the cameras. Give me a secure channel. Go ahead, sir. President Taylor, I see now that you've been watching us. Good. There is something I think you should see. God, no. If you don't open the door, I'm going to cut out your daughter's eyes one by one. And then I'm going to cut out her tongue... ...and then her head. Mom, don't listen! I know what you're thinking. How do you know if you open the door that I won't kill her? All you need to know is that I most certainly will kill her if you don't. Open the door. Madam President, I can't! No. Open the door. Open the door! I can't! That is my daughter out there. Do you understand? I've already lost my son. Have you any idea what it's like to lose a child?  Madam President, I am genuinely sorry, but I cannot let them take you. There is nothing you can do for her now. Do you have children, Jack? I have a daughter. Could you do what you're asking me to do? Just stand by and watch her butchered? No, ma'am. But I am not the President of the United States. Well, I am the president.</i> And I am ordering you to open that door. You're running out of time. Mom... Perhaps this will make your mother decide more quickly. Mom, you shouldn't have... I wouldn't let them hurt you, darling. Damn it, Bauer. What have you done?! All right, General, you've got me now. There's no reason to hold anyone else. Let them go. You... don't give orders to me. Get the camera ready for her statement. What statement? The last one you'll ever give. Oh, my God, Aaron! They would've heard those shots, so you're going to need to get the signal out before they get back. There's a security kit behind that door in the bureau. It's got first aid and a flashlight. You'll flash Morse Code out the window. Reach in my jacket. I got a pen. Here. Give it to me. Give me your hand. This is called "Code Green." A dot is a short blink; a dash is a long one. "Code Green" will signal them to move in. Go! Okay... okay... Okay... Okay. Okay. Okay. General Juma, I have the president's daughter. Bring him. Your life takes you down many different paths. </i> Because you're more than one thing. </i> So is VENZA. Sources have confirmed that the siege inside the White House began approximately 40 minutes ago. We do not yet have confirmation on the number of hostages being held, or if the president is among them. Behind me, you can see dozens of tactical assault units standing by. Government analysts tell us the order to launch any operation in these circumstances would rest with the vice president. General, I discovered fiber-optic cameras embedded in the chandelier. Sit! Get me a chair. Yes, General. He spotted the cameras. Give me a secure channel. Go ahead, sir. President Taylor, I see now that you've been watching us. Good. There is something I think you should see. God, no. If you don't open the door, I'm going to cut out your daughter's eyes one by one. And then I'm going to cut out her tongue... ...and then her head. Mom, don't listen! I know what you're thinking. How do you know if you open the door that I won't kill her? All you need to know is that I most certainly will kill her if you don't. Open the door. Madam President, I can't! No. Open the door. Open the door! I can't! That is my daughter out there. Do you understand? I've already lost my son. Have you any idea what it's like to lose a child?  Madam President, I am genuinely sorry, but I cannot let them take you. There is nothing you can do for her now. Do you have children, Jack? I have a daughter. Could you do what you're asking me to do? Just stand by and watch her butchered? No, ma'am. But I am not the President of the United States. Well, I am the president.</i> And I am ordering you to open that door. You're running out of time. Mom... Perhaps this will make your mother decide more quickly. Mom, you shouldn't have... I wouldn't let them hurt you, darling. Damn it, Bauer. What have you done?! All right, General, you've got me now. There's no reason to hold anyone else. Let them go. You... don't give orders to me. Get the camera ready