Our security police have completed their initial sweep of the capital city. 65 known members of the opposition have been arrested and are interrogated. Have you learned anything? Were anyone working with my brother? It's too early. Your father is a great man, but Farhad's betrayal has changed him. What can we do? The president says you may be involved. He's ordered me to detain you. I'll talk to him. President Hassan's crackdown isn't just a response to the attempt on his life. There are unsecured nuclear materials in play. CTU is running an undercover operation to retrieve them as we speak. I've got something. It's an NYPD evidence lockup. A local vice group just impounded $120,000. I help you do this and you never call me again. That's beautiful, man. Absolutely beautiful. It's a cop. You're going to have to slip past him. - I'm at the warehouse... - Nick! Stop him! I hear there are materials for sale. Talk straight. What materials? Nuclear rods. Nobody deals in nuclear rods, nobody. We've a problem. Vladimir Laitanan knows about the fuel rods. Come on, Vladimir, push them harder. Somebody knows something. No one knows, there's no one left. It's over! What is wrong with you?! Stop, stop. - They're Russians. - What are you doing? I let them take me. Tell CTU to start tracking me from the air. They'll lead us to what we're looking for. I'm unarmed, don't shoot. We can do business. Where's Jack? The Russians took him. He said you'd be monitoring him from the air. We haven't seen anything. Where is he? Where are you? Jenny girl! You would call me when you got clear. I'm sorry, sweetheart, I forgot. We got caught up celebrating our score. Celebrating? You put a police officer in the hospital. That wasn't me, that was Nick. Why do you got to focus on the negative? We're flush 120 grand. Why don't you come down here, have a drink, celebrate with us? We're at a club in Jersey City called Starlight. We'll work out your cut. What cut? I don't want anything from you. We're done. I want you to put my key in my mailbox and get out of my life like promised. That's not going to happen. What? This is a sweet operation that we got going here. You getting the access codes - and us pulling the jobs. - Wait. We had a deal. You promised me I do this for you and then you leave me alone. I know and I meant that. but things change, okay... We can get rich off of this. You can't do this to me. Jenny, please... Look, bitch, you're in this up to your neck. Want your boss and your boyfriend finding out you're not who you say you are? You're gonna be our golden goose, okay? What are you doing? We got a situation. You need to be on the floor. I heard you, I will be right there. Who was that on the phone? None of your business. Actually, it is. When you sneak away to make phone calls, making me cover for you, it becomes my business. Who was that? - Kevin? - How the hell would you... Are you spying on me? You want to step out on your fiancé, it's fine with me. - I've got no love for the guy. - You don't understand. - I am not cheating on Cole. - Whatever you want to call it, tell to your boyfriend what's going on, or I will. Our undercover operation just went south. What's happened? Jack Bauer was grabbed by an unknown group of armed Russians. We think they're the ones in control of the nuclear rods. - Are we tracking them? - We can't. They're took Bauer through an underground access. Without aerial support, the best we could do was track them to a drainage junction near Avenue Y and Ocean. They must have had a vehicle. Jack's cell phone was trashed. There has to be something to help us ID the vehicle. Tire treads, transmission fluid, oil residue? There's nothing, - the trail's gone cold. - What about Walker? Did she saw these people? I don't know. Frankly, she's pretty messed up right now. - <i>Blaming herself for Jack</i>. - She should. She crippled this operation when she murdered her contact. Without Vladimir Laitanan, we have no lead to finding Bauer or the nuclear materials. Get her back to CTU for debriefing. I want to know what happened. You might want to consider running a psych eval on her. Count on it. You were supposed to be coordinating with NSA, monitoring chatter. - I had to take care of something. - What was so important? It's my fault. I asked her to recover a datalog I deleted from archives. I didn't have clearance. I'm uplinking to NSA servers now. All right. Get on it. Roll back any chatter within the last 20 minutes. Right now that's all we've got. Let me know if something turns up. I need to brief President Taylor. Thank you. Thank me by putting aside whatever it's that's bothering you and helping me find Jack. He's my friend and he's in trouble. Take him down the hall. - Where is Vladimir? - Dead. So are his men. The German said they tried to rip him off. Did he also say how he knows about the fuel rods? Who are you? Ernst Meier. I've been looking for you to make you an offer. - You know who I am? - No. All I know is that there's a man in the Russian syndicate who's been trafficking weapons-grade uranium, specifically U-235 fuel rods. After the business with Laitanan, these men brought me here, so I'm just assuming you're that man. Where did you get this information? I represent a consortium of priva interests. They intercepted communiqués within the Islamic republic. From whom? Farhad Hassan, or someone in his camp. You're doing business with the wrong people. Who are these people, the ones you work for? I'm sure you can understand I'm not at liberty to say. You should be more concerned about the deal that they offering you. I'm not interested in your offer. 250 million dollars, half of which is ready to be wired to you. The other half you'll receive upon final acquisition of the rods. You pose a problem for me. You show up out of nowhere, knowing far too much of my business, yet I've never heard of you. You've never heard of me because I'm good at what I do. What I'm concerned about... is that you're a cop. I killed 3 people back at that garage. Laitanan, I stabbed in the eye. You really think I'm a cop? As a child, I saw KGB throw an entire family off the roof of a building, two of them small children. I know what cops are capable of. So I ask you again. Who do you work for? I'm sorry, I can't ll you that. Dimitri, work on him until he's ready to talk. No, we can make a deal. We can still make a deal! You've buried your brother's body? It's Oleg's necklace. You gave it to him at his confirmation. Keep it. To remind you of him. I'm glad you're back. We may have a problem. What is it? There is a man down the hall who claims to be an arms broker. He knows about the nuclear rods. - How could he? - He says there was a leak from Farhad's people, but I wonder. Until I know for certain who and what this man is, I've stopped the transport of the rods, redirected to our weigh station off the Wantagh Parkway. I'm sure Farhad can't be happy about that. I haven't told him yet. Perhaps we should tell him together. - How long do you hold him off? - That depends. On what? On how long it takes Dimitri to break this guy. Okay, Mr. Policeman. I'm not a cop. I swear to you. Please, don't do this. Tell me what you know. We are exhausting all efforts to ascertain who took Bauer and where. Until any progress is made, we just have to hope that Jack can find some way of salvaging the operation on his end.</i> What makes you think he's still alive? Only the fact that he wasn't killed at the point of abduction. I need a realistic assessment. What are the odds of finding and securing these nuclear weapons within the next hours? I can't answer. The longer we're out of touch with Bauer, the less likely our chances. All right, Mr. Hastings. Continue to coordinate with my office. I want updates - every 30 minutes. - <i>Yes, ma'am.</i> I just spoke to General Wasim. He's worried. Your brother's crackdowns back home are intensifying. Everyone is being arrested. Our window of opportunity is closing. - Why didn't the general call me? - <i>Perhaps he's losing confidence</i> in your ability. This is my mission. My plan! Of course. But we're running out of time. If your brother dismantles the opposition, we'll no longer be able to reconstitute our nuclear program. - He won't succeed. - At this rate, he will. How much longer must we wait for the delivery of the uranium? Not long. The rods should be arriving within the hour. Have your men ready. I'll call you back. Yes? What is it? There is a man downstairs who's shown up to outbid you for the fuel rods. Is this some feeble attempt to renegotiate terms? Not at all. This man, Meier, claims someone in your organization tipped him off to our deal. That's not possible. He's lying. At any rate, in light of his appearance, I'm halting delivery for the time being. - What? You can't do that. - It's already done. I can't take the risk that we may be exposed. The longer you delay, the more time my brother has to crush his enemies. If he manages to purge everyone in the military who opposes him, the uranium is worthless to me. That's your concern. Mine is to make certain this Meier is not a policeman. One of my men is interrogating him now. That could take hours, even days. Not days. I can promise you that. You promised to assassinate my brother, too. Your failure to eliminate him has put me under enormous pressure, and now, because of your people's inability to maintain secrecy, you break our agreed timetable to suit your needs. Don't speak to my father that way. We've honored every agreement we made with you, and shed a lot of blood for it. My father's allowed you to stay here and hide from the Feds at great personal risk to our family. Tell him to put the gun down. We're not taking any more of your demands. Throw him out of here. Let his own people shelter him if he thinks we're such fools. I'll drive him there myself if that's what it takes. It would seem you have used up our hospitality. Perhaps it's best you join your men at the rendezvous point to wait for delivery. And when will that be? When I think it's safe. Not a moment before. Make sure he gets where he's going. Still got men at the scene. In the meantime, I'll work out the aerial sweep protocols with Arlo. What are you doing to find Jack? Everything we can, Ms. Walker. Come with me. Have you checked all the... the traffic cams, subway routes? You have all this technology... comm surveillance, satellite tracking. We're using everything at our disposal. Then how come you haven't found him yet? Why don't you have any leads? The best lead we had is dead. I know about your suicide attempt. You should have been honest with me. Now O'Brian will take your statement. I want to know every detail about every event leading up to the death of Vladimir Laitanan. When she's done, take her to medical. I've ordered a full psych evaluation. You can write your statement here. Hastings blames me for what happened to Jack. And he's right. No, he's not. He shouldn't have said that. The only reason that Jack was part of this operation was because of me. So whatever they're doing to him right now, it's because of me. I have to find him. Renee, I know how you must feel. Just... Just take one thing at a time. We have to deal with what you did. So write your statement. Ill check back with you. Do you have some time? I need to talk to you. Can it wait? I need to review these protocols before Arlo distributes them. I've got it covered. Go talk to your girlfriend. What's up? You all right? No, I'm not. I have a big problem. And it's the reason why I've been acting kind of weird the past few days. If you're calling off the engagement, you couldn't have picked a worse day. No, I would never do that. Good. So what's bothering you? There are things about my past that I haven't told you. I'm listening. I'm sure I haven't told you everything about my past either. I don't care what happened before I met you. All that matters is now and what we have to look forward to. I think that's all that matters, too. So what are you so worried about? I don't want to lose you. I'm not going anywhere. Excuse me. Mr. Hastings needs to see you. - I'll be there as soon as I can. - No. Go. - Hastings can wait. - So can this. Talking to you has helped. I think I know what I need to do now. You sure? Maybe later you tell me what this is all about. Who do you work for? Who else knows about the fuel rods? Everybody has a limit. Don't worry, I'll find yours. You're working with the police. Admit it! Tell me and the pain will stop. Who else knows? I told you... I'm not a cop. Please. I'm just a businessman. Please. Who do you work for? I'm an independent contractor. I couldn't even tell you if I wanted. Please. We'll see. Wake up. I said, wake up. I told you I didn't want to be disturbed. Your daughter is still demanding to see you, Mr. President.</i> She refuses to leave. Very well. Send her in. Kayla, my love, I'm in a crisis, so unless it's an emergency... It is an emergency. We need to talk about you having Tarin arrested. Tarin has been taken to the embassy to help clarify a few questions, strictly routine. I know you believe he's been working against you. What I don't understand is why. He refused to follow my orders. You asked him to arrest the family of one of your delegates. A man you considered a friend. Kayla, this is a matter of state, it doesn't concern you. It doesn't make sense. Tarin was in the car with you... if the assassination attempt successed, he would've been killed, too. The world is full of men willing to die for their cause. I know you consider Tarin a friend. And your loyalty is commendable. But trust me, I've my reasons. We are more than friends. We're in love, and have been for almost a year. You've been carrying on with this man... behind my back? You say that, after driving mother away with your infidelity. Please, Father. Don't let Farhad's betrayal turn you against everyone who cares about you. I can't think of a better way... to completely infiltrate my life and influence my judgment... than getting close to my daughter. It's not like that. You're not to see that man again, ever. - Father... - I'm done with this conversation. I need to get back to my work. What's happening to you? Come on. Damn it! I am holding the rods until Meier comes clean about how he knew of the transfer.</i> If what Meier said is true about the leak in Farhad's team,</i> it will be dangerous for us. So we must unload the rods, finish this.</i> Let them be someone else's problem, and we erase any evidence. Once Dimitri is finished, I'm satisfied the German is telling the truth, I'm going to want to hand off the rods to Farhad tonight. Keep your men out of sight along the perimeter. Mikhail and his men will stay with the cargo. Check to see if the rest of the street lost power. Just us. It's Meier. Cover the exits. Check the fuse box. - CTU. O'Brian. - <i>Chloe. It's Jack.</i> Everyone's been looking for you. Where are you? I need you to trace this call and send a Tac team immediately. Trace the call. We're sure NYPD's got the perimeter locked down? Everything in a block radius is secure. Our response team will be there soon. Where's Dana? She logged out of the building about 15 minutes ago. Something about fixing a faulty relay at our 17th Street station. Why didn't she have maintenance take care? Good question. She had to manually reboot the firmware herself. That's what she said anyway. - Where are we with this man Bazhaev? - It's coming through right now. I've cross-accessed interagency servers, also Interpol and FSB. I'm relaying intel as it comes in to our response team and to Jack. Good. Put it up on screen. Okay, people. We've ID'd the suspect we have in custody. His name is Sergei Petrovich Bazhaev, Ukrainian national, 61 years of age. Now, we believe he knows the location of the unsecured nuclear rods. Now, tactical is on its way to transport him here for interrogation. Agent Ortiz will coordinate operations from here. Is it true? You found Jack? He's okay. If you're finished with your statement, I need to take you to medical. I want to be here when Jack gets back. I'll let him know where to find you. Come on. This should hold you for now. But you have to go to the hospital. Excuse me, sir. They uploaded the suspect's file. - How far out is CTU? - They're about five minutes out. It's all right. I got it. Thanks. Sergeant? I need to speak with this man alone. I knew you were a cop. I should have trusted my instincts and killed you on the spot. You can add it to your list of regrets. CTU's already acquired a great deal of intel on you... Mr. Bazhaev. It's over. You know that, right? You're finished. At the very least, we've got you on kidnapping and murder, before CTU rips this place apart and uncovers your criminal activity. Lucky for you, though, I'm only interested in one thing, the acquisition of those fuel rods. So, if you were to cooperate, help me out there, that would go a long way to reducing a very long prison sentence. That offer extends to both of your sons, too... Josef... and Oleg. Oleg is dead. He was exposed to the rods. Became ill with radiation poisoning. He was suffering, and I shot him, as if he was just a sick dog. I murdered my own son. For nothing. You want to know where the rods are? I will tell you. But I want full immunity. Not just for me, but for my other son, Josef. I don't think I can make that. Then we have nothing to talk about. I'll see what I can do. CTU. O'Brian. It's Jack. I need to speak with Hastings. I think he's in a briefing with President Taylor. Even better. See if you can patch me in, okay? Mr. Hastings, it's Farhad Hassan I'm worried about. How do we know he hasn't the rods already? Based on the intel we have, the transfer hasn't taken place yet. Excuse the interruption. Jack Bauer is on the line.</i> - <i>He wishes to be conferenced in.</i> - Put him through. It's President Taylor. You're on with Mr. Hastings and my chief of staff.</i> CTU's been keeping me apprised of your involvement in this. I'm sorry that it's taken this long for us to speak. Please forgive me for getting straight to the point, but the man we have in custody, Sergei Bazhaev, is willing to cooperate. He said he would hand over the fuel rods in exchange for full immunity. Is that all? Why don't he give him a parade, too? You've been dealing with him. Is there another way to get the location of the nuclear materials out of him? It says in his files that he did 12 years in a labor camp. In the time frame that we have, we're not gonna break him. - I can see it in his eyes. - Mr. Hastings, what is your assessment? Well, at first blush, I'd say an immunity deal is premature, but... under the circumstances, I'll defer to Jack's judgment on this. Gentlemen, I have a peace deal that's going to fall apart at any moment unless I can show President Hassan we've stopped his brother from smuggling those fuel rods out of the country. Make the deal, Jack. - He's going to want this in writing. - <i>He'll get it.</i> But in the interests of expediency, put him on the phone with me. The President wants to talk to you. Tell me what's going on. - What are you talking about? - You're implying something about Dana, I want to know. When she came over before and said she had to talk to you, - what did she tell you? - Nothing. - She had a problem and she'd handle it. - That's it? Arlo, if you know something... it's none of my business, and I didn't want to tell you this, but I think she went to meet some guy. You're out of your mind. Take a look at this. - Who is he? - I checked with the gate. They said his name is Kevin Wade. Identified himself as a friend. So he's a friend. Bazhaev's given up the location of the nuclear rods. I've already scrambled a NEST team. Meet your tactical unit at the helipad. The coordinates will be relayed to you en route. You think you can find her? I could if all the drones weren't committed. What about a cell trace? Just do it. I don't know where you are or what you're doing, Dana, but I need you to call me as soon as you get this. It's important. I love you. Thank you, sir. Sorry. Don't worry about it. Miss Kayla, no. Get out of my way, Nabeel, I want to see him. Your father forbids it. I'm doing my job. A job that Tarin gave you. He brought you into my father's security detail, and this is how you repay him? You're his friend, Nabeel. You know he's innocent. - What would you have me do? - Just let me speak to him. A few minutes is all I ask. I can't let you in now. Tarin's going to be readied for transport to our embassy in an hour. I will find a moment you can see him before then. Thank you, Nabeel. Now go before we're both in trouble. The NEST team's ETA is two minutes from target site. Now the HAZMAT crew will wait for your signal to move in. Be advised, the truck with the fuel rods is being guarded by two armed hostiles.</i> We've a deal with their boss. Why haven't they standed down? Jack's understanding is that these men are hard cases. They won't roll over easily. We cannot take the risk... they'll flee with the rods. - Understood. - <i>When you secure the nuclear materials,</i> you'll transport them to Fort Hamilton. We're clearing that air corridor as we speak.</i> Command, we see the truck, but there's no sign of hostiles. Approaching the weigh station now. Stand by. Set us down there. Picking up trace radiation. 30 millirads. It's safe. We're clear. Command, are you seeing this? I am. Where the hell are the rods? We picked up trace radiation signatures. The rods were here. Right now all we have are two bodies, both shot. You can have a good time. It's okay to laugh once in a while. You can be a happy person. - This is Bauer. - It's Hastings. Our team's at the truck stop. The nuclear rods are not there. What? Hold on. Say that again. I said the rods are not there. It's not possible. Did your men go to the right place? They went exactly where you sent them. Now stop and tell us where the rods are. I told you, they were there. - I had two of my men guarding them. - <i>We found their bodies, both shot.</i> Something else. Some kind of necklace hanging on the inside of the truck's door. Like someone wanted to send a message. - What kind? - <i>A gold cross.</i> What does that mean? Josef. I have the fuel rods. Really? I wasn't sure I believed that you would betray your father. You were upset that he was holding up delivery, now I've gotten them for you. It won't take him long to realize, so let's get this done fast. You're worried he'll discover you've replaced him. I want my father to know. - In fact, I made sure he will.