Do we have a deal or not? Yeah, we got a deal. - I'm going after him. - We're done. We're just getting started. We need to talk about you having Tarin arrested. I know you consider Tarin a friend. We are more than friends. We're in love. You've been carrying on with this man... behind my back? - Who are these men? - These are men I have recruited. We can't get the rods out of the country, so let's use them as a radiological bomb. We'll show the Americans how strong we are. Over here! They are chasing me. - They have the rods. - I thought you had the rods. They turned against me. - Just get me out of here. - We'll get you out. When things get this colossally screwed up people look for someone to blame.</i> So what have you got in mind? Renee Walker, she killed our main leads. She put her life on the line when she didn't have to. Someone has to pay for this. I'm sending someone over from Justice,</i> Kristin Smith. She'll take care of everything.</i> They're setting you up, don't say another word. It's too late. This is over. We're leaving now. Hands in the air. Do it now! You offering to bring in Farhad? If you drop the criminal investigation against Renee Walker. If we do this, Jack, it's not for one rescue operation, it's till this whole thing is over and done. Deal. We're about to transport him to the embassy. You have two minutes. Thank you. Bashir, clear the room. - Tarin, did they hurt you? - Not yet. They won't until they get me to our embassy. I tried to reason with my father, but he wouldn't listen. He thinks you're involved in the conspiracy with his brother. Even after I told him about us, he doesn't trust you. You told him? I hoped it would change his mind. But if anything, it's made things worse between us. Come closer. Listen, there is a way out of this. Bashir is still loyal to me. He's agreed to help me escape. As soon as he's able, Bashir will slip me a handcuff key, and he's placed a gun in the car. - You won't hurt anyone? - The gun is so I won't have to. Once I'm free, I have a place to stay until the Americans grant me asylum. I want you to come with me. Meet me at the Teodore Hotel. Promise me you'll come. Tarin, we need to go. Cole, he's dead! Just go. What? Just go. Nobody knows you're involved. It's my fault. I lied about everything. Who I am, what I've done. I'll call the police. I deserve to take the blame for this. What's done is done. We're cleaning this up, and no one will ever know. - I don't want you involved. - I'm already involved. We're gonna strip down his van so it can't be I.D.'d. We'll dump the bodies in the swamp. They're scum, Dana, and no one's gonna miss 'em. You want to go to prison for the rest of your life? For them?! Get started on the van. I'll go get the other one. Mr. Hastings, the president's on the line.</i> This is Hastings. Mr. Hastings, I'm here with Rob Weiss. I was told you have urgent news. We received a call from Farhad Hassan. Yes. As we suspected, he was trying to smuggle the rods out of the country. The people he's working with have turned against him. - What do we know? - Farhad believes they want to use the rods to construct a dirty bomb and set it off somewhere here in NY. Why would they do this? Between Hassan's crackdowns and CTU, we've backed them into a corner. This is their response. Do you believe him? Yes, I do. Farhad is turning himself in. He's agreed to help us prevent this attack. Where is Farhad now? He's in a warehouse just outside the city near Forest Hills. I've enlisted Jack Bauer to lock him down. Now, Madam President, the men who turned against Farhad are covert assets for the I.R.K. If we can get access to the I.R.K. intelligence files, Farhad may be able to help us I.D. these men. It will put us that much closer to tracking them down. They are the lifeblood of Hassan's intelligence operation, he'll never hand them over. Especially in his current frame of mind. The man's gone off the deep end. Maybe this will pull him out of it. Tell Hassan we have found his brother and I need to speak to him immediately. And contact Tim Woods at Homeland. Have him put together a briefing. I need to know exactly what we're facing if, God forbid, this attack happens. Thank you, Mr. Hastings. - I'll be in the counsel chamber. - Yes, Madam President. - Are we alone? - Yeah. What is it? I want to let you know that I've decided not to pursue charges against Renee Walker. What? Why not? I told you... We have a lot more to worry about right now than blaming Walker. Walker murdered a valuable lead that might have gotten us to the rods. You're not hearing me. We have a new lead now, Farhad Hassan and that is what I am pursuing. You want to replace me as head of CTU, be my guest. But until you do, stay the hell out of my way. - You're making... - I'll let you know when Bauer reaches Farhad. Farhad is located on the northeast corner of the warehouse. We're gonna have to move fast. King, Lynch, you're gonna go in from the south. - Owen and I will cover your flank. - Understood. As soon as he's locked down, we're gonna initiate our interrogation. CTU's gonna upload files on suspects. I need that available and on a computer as soon as possible. We're getting a call routed through CTU. It's Farhad Hassan. Put it on speaker. - <i>This is Jack Bauer. Go ahead.</i> - How close are you? Ten minutes out. Are you okay? There's someone here. They're close. They're looking for me. Please... hurry. I'm told you have my brother. What happened? Please. He called CTU and surrendered himself. - I don't understand. - The men that Farhad was working with turned against him, and they have taken the nuclear rods. He believes they intend to construct a dirty bomb to attack this city. Apparently, these men are members of your covert intelligence operations here in the United States. - I find that hard to believe. - Your brother has no reason to lie. By turning himself in, he's facing the death penalty. We have to assume he's telling the truth. I need for you to give us intelligence files for every asset you have in this country so Farhad can identify these terrorists. Mr. President, I have given you a great deal of latitude to sort out your domestic situation, now there is a threat to my homeland, and I need your cooperation. I suggest you turn Farhad over to me and let my people question him. - We'll get the answers you need. - There's no time for that. There's a CTU team moving on Farhad as we speak. They need to question him on site. I need the files. What you're asking is a serious breach of our security. I understand that. But you need to understand that if this radiological attack takes place, I will be forced to retaliate. You would attack... my country? I will have no choice. I need those files... and I need them now. I'll call my acting head of security. You'll get the files in a few minutes. Thank you. I want you to know, Tarin, that I don't believe you are guilty of treason. But I have no choice but to follow orders. You don't have to explain yourself. I would do the same thing in your position. I don't hold any of this against you. Whatever happens to me, you must not blame yourself. Never forget that. I appreciate that. - Don't move. - What are you doing? Give me your weapon now. Slowly, two fingers. Come on. Driver, pull over here. Remove your seat belts. Put your hands on your head. Get out of the car now. Don't move. Give me the keys. Put your hands down. Don't do this. You'll make things worse for yourself. You know what they'll do to me. It can't be any worse. - It's President Hassan. - Give it to me. Let's go. In the back. Open it up. Take out your cuffs. Lock yourselves down. Nabeel isn't answering. Where is he? Transporting Tarin to the embassy. Keep trying to reach him. If he doesn't answer, send a security team to track him. And contact Colonel Al Jhanis. Tell him on my authority to give CTU access to the files they requested. - It's me. Where are you? - I'm leaving the U.N. right now. - Is everything all right? - Yes, it worked. Meet me at the hotel. I'll be there in ten minutes. I love you, Kayla. I'll see you soon. - <i>Go ahead, Mr. Hastings.</i> - Farhad, are you there? Yes, yes, I'm here. Our field team is approaching the south.</i> Stay where you are until they secure the site. He's almost on me. I can't stay here. Do not move until they lock down that shooter. Do you understand me? Farhad, talk to me. Over here! - Medic! Come on! Medic! - That's him, that's Farhad. Owen, take your team and sweep the area. We've got Farhad, but he's been hit. - I need those files immediately. - I.R.K. intelligence just sent them. It's done. Farhad is no longer a problem. Are you sure? I shot him twice but the police arrived, I had to get out of there. You know where to find us. Speak to me. We have two slugs to the abdomen. I don't think he's going to make it. Do whatever you have to do. We need to talk to him now. Go! This is B team. We found their truck, but there's no sign of the rods. Let me know as soon as these files are uploaded. I'm going to show you photos of covert operatives working for your country within the USA. Identify the men who stole the nuclear rods from you. Can you do that for us? Are those files uploaded yet? - Almost. - Come on! Blood pressure's dropping. Rapid heartbeat. - What the hell's happening? - He's going into shock. - Keep him alive! Do you understand me? - Let me do my job! The telepresence conference is ready. Thank you. Good to see you. Brian Hastings at CTU has brought us up to speed,</i> and we're ready to review some specifics.</i> I'm listening. If you would refer to your monitor... and the diagram of Midtown Manhattan.</i> According to CTU, the stolen nuclear rods have a maximum explosive yield</i> of 300 pounds. That's enough radiological material</i> to contaminate approximately one square mile.</i> If the device were detonated in a more densely populated area of Manhattan,</i> we could be looking at casualties in the tens of thousands.</i> Dr. Landry? Most of the deaths would be from radiation poisoning.</i> The remainder would expire from radiation</i> induced illnesses. Primarily leukemia</i> - and other cancers. - We also have to consider</i> that the affected area would be rendered uninhabitable</i> - for approximately 40 years. - Obviously a citywide evacuation - is out of the question. - That's right. Millions of people are on this island</i> with few points of egress. It would take days.</i> Not to mention that going public, would cause mass panic.</i> I agree. We need to keep this threat from the public. Focus on making sure that this attack never happens. CTU believes the nuclear rods are still outside the city,</i> so they're focus on the bridges and tunnels.</i> We're also hardening high value targets such as</i> the financial district, landmarks, subways.</i> The U.N. may also be a target. I think we should evacuate the entire building. And resume the conference from a safe location. All right, inform the delegates of the situation. Thank you. CTU has your brother. He's been shot. They're trying to stabilize him. Agent Rahim is calling for you. - He says he's located Nabeel. - Put him through. We found Nabeel and his driver locked down in their vehicle. - <i>Tarin has escaped</i>. - What? - <i>Nabeel wishes to speak to you</i>. - Put him on. I'm sorry, Mr. President. Tarin had a gun. I don't understand how. Somebody helped him escape? It would seem so. But Mr. President, there's something else you need to know. Right after he escaped, I overheard Tarin on the phone. I believe that was with your daughter. You sure? It sounded like he was going to meet her somewhere in the city. Call me back. Call me back, Kayla. Come inside. Thank God, you're all right. I contacted a lawyer who's an expert at international law. He's agreed to meet us. This is such a terrible situation. Yet I've never felt so happy. I feel the same. We did our best. He didn't make it. I know you did. Thanks. The area is clear. No hostiles. - No trace of the rods. - Copy that. This is Bauer. Farhad's dead. Damn it. I think we've got another play. Whoever shot Farhad couldn't confirm that he was killed. We came up on him too fast. They don't know how badly he was wounded. - What are you proposing? - We use Farhad as dead bait. Leak it to the press that we've got him, and he survived. We're bring him to a hospital where police will question him. They'll have to make a move on him. He knows too much. - Sounds like a Hail Mary. - Now it's the only play. But if they make a move on Farhad, we'll be waiting for them. You said you wanted me in till this was resolved. This is it. We've his intelligence files. We can scan and cross-reference with facial recognition. Maybe spot the terrorists before they attack. All right, Jack. It's not procedure ferrying a dead man's body across the city, but do it. We'll figure out a hospital route and put a press statement. - <i>You get ready on your end</i>. - Thank you. Get that body ready for transport. Owen, assemble your men. Briefing in less than five. Aerial one is in position over the route. Sniper teams have checked in. They're all in place. Come on. Let's go. It's over. Let's get the other and get cleaned up before we head back to CTU. Cole, what about us? I don't know. We've received word from New York CTU</i> that Farhad Hassan brother of Islamic Republic of Kamistan President Hassan</i> has been found alive. We're told that he contacted CTU a short while ago and agreed to turn...</i> Farhad is alive. - What? - <i>CTU responded immediately,</i> but when they arrived, they found him shot.</i> No word yet on how Farhad Hassan has been shot,</i> but we do know that he's expected to survive,</i> and he's being transported to St. Julian's Hospital</i> under heightened security where he'll be questioned.</i> This is impossible. {\Farhad Hassan has been on the run since early this evening...} I shot him twice. But you didn't make sure he was dead. I didn't have time. I'll make this right. - I'll go back. - You're too conspicuous. - He will be heavily protected. - If he talks, the authorities could find us before we can build the weapon. We know the implications. We're sending Marcos. His mother's American. They won't suspect him. He's in the truck with the rods. Mom, it's me. - <i>Listen, I can't talk for long</i>. - What is it? Are you okay? I'm fine. I need you to do something for me. It's very important. What is it? Get up right now and leave the city. - Go to Aunt Shelley's. - Aunt Shelley's? Just do it for me, okay? Don't ask me why. Leave right now. This is crazy... I'm not gonna leave in the middle of the night for no reason. There's a reason. I can't tell you what it is right now. - Please, Mom, do this for me. - Where are you? Don't worry about me. I'm not going anywhere unless I know you're all right. Meet me at Aunt Shelley's and I'll explain everything. Go Mom, now. I'm leaving. I have to go. I love you. Are you ready, my friend? Good. It's time. You need to keep him looking alive the entire way. - You know what to do? - Yes, sir. - It's Hastings. - Go ahead. We've coordinated with news outlets. They put out the false report of his arrest and transport to the hospital for questioning. The hook has been baited. The logical place for them to attack is when we're en route. We're gonna be vulnerable. NYPD and SWAT are mobilizing now. They're going to be embedded at strategic points along the way. They're also securing St. Julian's Hospital. Tell the support teams it is imperative that we take these terrorists alive. They've been briefed. We're moving out. Take the follow van. - Owen, with me in the ambulance. - Copy that. - Are you all right? - Yes, sir. I know you and your men have not had a lot of field experience and we've put you in an extreme situation. But I promise you, if we're attacked, every part of this route is covered. We've got a lot of support. I'm fine, Mr. Bauer. Let's do this. Our delegation is preparing to head to McGuire Air force Base. We'll be setting up a temporary ops center, where we'll be able to monitor the situation. The other delegates? U.N. Security will coordinate the evacuation. It should go smoothly. Can I get you anything? Thank you, Rob. You have done more than enough. I'm sorry that your first few months on the job have been so challenging. I wouldn't have had it any other way. I'll see you in a moment. I spoke to one of my aides. He told me my brother is... dead. I'm afraid so. When CTU is finished with their operation, I would like Farhad's remains to be returned to my country. I don't care where his body rots, but my mother will want a proper burial. I'll see that it's done. But right now, Mr. President, we need to evacuate the U.N. I'm not leaving, Madam President. I'm staying here. I don't understand. My daughter Kayla... is missing. Missing? Kayla is romantically involved with my former head of security. She's run off with him. - Tell me what we can do to help. - I appreciate that, but my security teams are searching for her now. I understand how worried you must be, but there is nothing that you can do to help her by staying here. Please come where you'll be safe. I can't, Madam President. She's somewhere in the city, with no idea that a nuclear threat exists. I won't go anywhere All right. I understand. I will talk to you very soon. Thank you. They're turning west on Sixth Street. Pulling into the hospital. Bring up the hospital security feed. Get facial recognition up and running. This is Bauer. We're moving into position. Farhad's body's being taken to his room. Let's go! Secure these doors! Bring up the exterior cameras. This is Bauer. Jack, it's me. I've been released. Chloe told me what you did. You leveraged Hastings. Said that you would head up field ops until this crisis was over in exchange for CTU dropping any possible charges against me. - I didn't ask you to do that. - I know you didn't. Someone is trying to set you up to take responsibility for the failure of our mission and I couldn't let that happen because you did nothing wrong. You understand me? Renee, you need to let this go. You're not responsible for what's happening.</i> I meant what I said earlier. When this is over, I want to be there for you... with you. I'd like that. Good. I'll have a CTU agent take you to my apartment.</i> I'll meet you there when this is over.</i> All right, Jack. I'm getting chatter over the comm. I gotta go. Go ahead. Facial recognition just picked up a match with the intelligence files. His name's Marcos Al-Zacar. American-born. Working undercover with the I.R.K. for the last three years. - Where is he? - <i>Next to the side entrance.</i> Brown hair, blue scrubs, wearing a dark-blue jacket. Copy that. Hold on, Jack. He's got something in his hand. Like a remote detonator. I think he's wearing a vest. Can you disarm it from there? Possibly, if I can pin down the detonator model, I can scramble the arming code using the transmitter in the mobile comm. Get on it. Owen, you've got a man approaching your position. Brown hair. He's wearing blue scrubs and a dark-blue jacket.</i> - I see him. - He's our hitter. We believe he's wearing an explosive vest with a detonator. What should I do? Stay calm and do whatever he asks. CTU techs are going to try and disarm the vest from offsite. You can do this. Just try and slow him down as much as possible. We've got you covered. Yes, sir. Excuse me. This is a secure area. I'll need to see some I.D. Listen to me very carefully. I have a bomb. Give me your weapon right now, or I'll kill us both. Your weapon now. Just take it easy. Slowly. Where is Farhad Hassan? Third floor. Take me to him. Anyone asks who I am, you say I'm a doctor, and I'm cleared. Come on, son. Move. Go. It's me. - <i>We need to talk.</i> - Don't try to change my mind, Omar. I told you, I'm leaving. I haven't called to change your mind. I called because... Kayla may be in danger. What do you mean? She's run away with Tarin. - They've been seeing each other. - I know. - How long have you known? - What difference does it make, Omar? What kind of danger? Farhad is dead. The nuclear material he tried to acquire is in the hands of the terrorists. They're going to use it here in Manhattan. - How did this happen? - I'll explain later. But right now you need to call Kayla. I've left messages, she won't return my calls. But she might talk to you. Please, Dalia. She's angry at me. I had Tarin arrested. I thought he was part of the conspiracy. All right. But what about you? Don't worry about me. Just help me find our daughter. I'll try. Sabira, I need the captain. We're moving to the third floor. Where are we at with the vest? I've identified the detonator, Jack. It's German-made, K7 variant, but that model is used in a lot of configurations. I'm going to need a visual on the vest. Copy that. Owen, it's Jack. CTU cannot disarm the vest unless they see it. Get the hostile underneath a surveillance camera, and make him show it. I repeat, CTU cannot disarm the vest unless they see it. You ready? Team three, they're approaching your position.</i> What are you doing? I want to see proof. - Proof of what? - A bomb. I don't believe you have one. You don't keep moving, you're gonna find out. Right now. You want Farhad, you show me. I said "Move." Owen did it. I've got a visual on the vest. Now, move. We're set in position near Farhad's room. What's the status? It's a DDR configuration. I need to pull up the frequency. You've got about 30 seconds before they reach that room. Got it. 3.15 gigahertz, standard GSM. Running it through the mobile comm now. This'll take a few seconds. Stand by for assault. On the floor, face down! Do it now! Don't move! Come on, Arlo. Now. That's it. It's done. Jack, the vest is disarmed. Move in. All right. Lower your weapons. It's all right. I'm going to put my gun away. We're not here to hurt you. We just want to talk. Stay calm. It's all right. I just want to talk to you. He's still moving. Notify the perimeter. Do not fire! He's unarmed! This is Bauer. I'm in the east wing. Suspect has barricaded himself in some kind of pressure chamber. I need a team down here to help me open the door. It was a trap. Farhad was already dead. - What? - The police were waiting. They tried to ambush me, but I got away. Where are you? I locked myself inside an oxygen chamber. They can't get me. At least not yet. You know what you must do. I can't. I think they scrambled the arming code. You need to set it off manually. - I don't know how. - I'll talk you through it. Can you open the detonator control? I think so. - It's going to take a minute. - Work quickly.