Someone who can give me the names of everyone else involved. Break the story in case I don't make it. If Dalia Hassan finds out that the Russians had a hand in her husband's dead, she'll never sign. I've to speak to Dalia. It's about the people who murdered your father. We know who is responsible. What you don't know is, those people were working under the orders of Russian agents. Bauer made contact with Meredith Reed. You need to call her publisher and demand that they do not run the story. You're suggesting muzzling the press? If you don't use the power of your office to shut this story down, your peace agreement won't be the only casualty. I need you to contact the FBI. Have them locate Reed and seize whatever evidence she purports to have. Meredith Reed? FBI. - You're under arrest. - Let's go. You were right about Jack. He is working with somebody. It's James Ricker, ex-CIA op. He lives on Mercer Street. He's not gonna be happy we tracked him down. I need you to talk to him. Get him to tell us where Jack is. Are you good, or have you still not taken sides? I want to expose this cover-up as much as you. I'm in. That's Jack Bauer! Get up or I will kill you right here. You know the name of the person in the Russian government who's leading. I want that name. Give me the name! I'll tell you. Mikhail Novakovich! Where's Novakovich? He's dead. Bauer came in shooting. Mikhail Novakovich was just murdered by Jack Bauer. What? As far as, Bauer is concerned, the trail ended with Novakovich. Then Bauer has no idea - that he was operating under my orders? - <i>None.</i> If you're so worried about Bauer, you never should</i> have given the order to kill Renee Walker.</i> I just picked up a preliminary flash. Jack murdered Novakovich at his hotel, and six of his security guards. According to a witness, Jack killed all seven men on his own. Then fell right back off the radar. Eden can't find any trace of him. Does Chloe know about this? I just talked to her, she should be at the UN any minute. I know that we need this evidence that Jack has, but this crime scene is a slaughterhouse. Does Chloe really still think she can pull this off? If anyone can talk Jack down, it's Chloe. And if she can't? We're both prepared to do whatever it takes. Even when Novakovich's whole security staff couldn't? What do you want me to do? The truth about today needs to get out, and that's not going to happen unless we get to Jack. I'm coming up on Ricker's apartment. I'm going in. Ricker went to a lot of trouble to disappear. He's not going to like that you found him. I'm not expecting him to. You're looking at the UN Plaza gardens and the podium from which</i> all three co-sponsors of the peace treaty will address the public</i> following a private signing ceremony inside the UN Council Chamber</i> Russian President Yuri Suvarov, the third co-sponsor of the treaty,</i> is en route to the UN where he will join President Taylor</i> and acting IRK President Dalia Hassan...</i> This is Agent Ortiz, CTU! Open that door. Before you pull that trigger, you ought to know this. I don't place a call in 15 minutes, every intelligence agency in the country gets alerted about you. Weapon charges alone will get you locked up for the duration, Or you can help us find Jack Bauer, and we'll keep our mouths shut. You think you're protecting him? The order on Jack Bauer is shoot to kill. He knew what he was getting himself into. Jack's not thinking straight. Look, I read your file. I know Jack saved your life in Damascus. This is your opportunity to pay back that debt. You know how this is gonna end, right? Do you? If Jack dies today, it's on you. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Thanks, Adam. Agent Burke. I have the revised security assessment for you. I noticed that Ortiz's name was back on the duty roster. That's right. He was arrested for helping Jack Bauer. I got him a temporary clearance so he could help us. He was the one who designed the UN protocols in the first place. I know. Do you really think we can trust him? I wouldn't have gotten him a release if I didn't. Excuse me. - What happened? - <i>Not good.</i> I think Jack's targeting Suvarov. Is that what Ricker said? Yeah. Jack planted a bug on Charles Logan, overheard a conversation between them. Suvarov's the one who gave the order for Renee to be killed. Does Ricker have a recording of that conversation? No. He wiped his system clean as soon as he saw me coming. But the surveillance rig he gave Jack makes a backup, so Jack has a copy. Good. We're gonna need it. - Why? - Meredith Reed has been arrested. They confiscated a data card from her. - Dana's evidence. - Exactly. The recording that Jack has is the only proof we have now. I don't know that getting proof is our first priority anymore. We have to put an alert out on Jack. If we do that, Pillar will get to him first. He'll kill Jack, and he'll destroy the recording. We can't stand by and let Jack assassinate the president of Russia. No, but we can buy ourselves time. Can change Suvarov's motorcade route, sequester him in the UN. Make it impossible for Jack to get to him. Except Suvarov's gonna be standing at that podium soon, and once he's exposed like that, we can't protect him. That's not happening for over an hour. If we haven't found Jack by then, we put out the alert. It's still taking a big risk, Chloe. I know. Get Suvarov's route changed. But I'm in charge of his security as soon as he gets to the UN. - How far out are you? - I'll be there in ten. Sir, the flash about Novakovich is going out. You wanted to speak with the president before that happened. Thank you, Jason. Do we know anything about Bauer? No. Nothing. If you don't mind me asking, sir. What are you going to tell Taylor? I think it's time she... she knows everything. All the delegates are present except Suvarov, who's still in transit. He'll be given the details once he arrives. Excuse me. I'm about to go into the meeting. What's going on? I wanted you to hear this news from me first. What news? I tried to insulate you as long as I could,</i> preserve your plausible deniability, but... Tell me what you're talking about. Jack Bauer isn't just trying to gather evidence about the conspiracy. He's seeking retribution. Go on. Bauer just murdered Mikhail Novakovich, along with a good number of his staff. So Novakovich was responsible for the assassination of President Hassan? Novakovich was the ranking member of the Russian Delegation. President Suvarov is going to demand an explanation. Actually, he's not. Are you telling me that Hassan's murder goes all the way up to Suvarov? But the good news is that Bauer doesn't know that. How can you be sure? Because according to a witness, Bauer killed Novakovich before he could talk. And aside from me, Novakavich is the only person who ever knew</i> that Suvarov was calling the shots. Madam President, Bauer's finished what he started, Suvarov will be happy to sweep this under the rug. And the peace agreement can go forward as planned. This is... Really, we couldn't have asked for a better outcome. Except that I am asking Dalia Hassan to shake hands with her husband's murderer. Call Suvarov. Tell him that I am aware of his involvement in this, and that I will see him at the signing. My apologies. Thank you for waiting. - How did the call go? - I told the president about Suvarov's involvement, and... she understood... not that she has an alternative. That's good news. Your new Secret Service detail's here to escort you to the UN.</i> It's been a long road, but... we're almost there. Anything new on Bauer? A security camera picked him up leaving Novakovich's hotel. Confirmed what Berkov told us. Bauer was definitely wounded during the attack. How badly? He's gonna need treatment. Getting alerts out to medical facilities now. Let Port Authority and INS know Bauer might be trying to escape. We'll find him... It's only a question of time. Maybe a little quicker than you thought. Slowly, take your weapon out and pass it back to me. Slowly. Start the car and drive. You saw what I did to Pavel. I didn't have a time. You, I've got all the time in the world. So you either do what I say, or I will take you apart piece by piece. Now, drive! - Where are we going? - The UN. Why? You already got what you wanted. - You killed everyone involved. - Save your breath. I know about President Suvarov. Your delegations will be joining you at the reception after the post-signing ceremony. And finally, on behalf of the UN staff, I would like to say that we are all honored to be part of this historic occasion. Thank you for your time. Your daughter's been waiting outside to speak to you. She says it's important. Let her know I'll be right there. I have something for you. It's from Omar. He wanted to give it to you to sign the agreement... I'm grateful that I can do so on his behalf. It reads: "All religions, "all this singing, "one song, "peace be with you." It is a verse Omar would quote from Rumi when he was talking about what you and he were trying to achieve. Thank you for seeing this through and for helping us all do justice to his memory. I am honored. I'm very honored. Kayla, what is it? Meredith Reed called the residence looking for you. I am not interested in that woman's condolences. That is not why she called. She says she has information about the people who are behind Father's murder. But we know who was behind your father's death... extremists in our country. She claims that they had outside help. That the Russians were involved. Why would she say such a thing? Does she have evidence, or is this a rumor? I don't know, but it can't have been easy for her to call you. I don't think it's because of a rumor. - What else did she say? - She wouldn't say anything more until she talked to you. She left her number. Let's call her from the residence. President Suvarov's motorcade is delayed five minutes, put out an all-agency. How do you want it coded? Eyes only. Lanza, make sure Burke reports here with a set of tactical gear for Agent Ortiz. Arlo's at CTU, running the surveillance video through facial recognition. Still no sign of Jack. I've been thinking. Let's say this file are from Jack. What are we supposed to do? If the president's willing to lock down Meredith Reed... She can't shut down every media, which is where we're gonna send this file. We're also gonna send it to every government employee. Legislative, military, judiciary... a lot of people. How? By using CTU servers, we can distribute it simultaneously. President Taylor won't be able to stop the truth. Good to see you. Do you have the revised protocol for President Suvarov's arrival? We're bringing the motorcade into the FDR Drive ramp. Make sure that Agent Ortiz has the revised protocols. He's back in charge. Let's take a look. We're going to the Hart Building. I want you to park underground. This guard's life is in your hands. One move that I don't like, I'm gonna kill you both. There's no one inside since two hours ago. Yeah, I'm just running a last-minute security check. Of course, sir. Anything else? No. Thank you. Drive. Pull in over here. Slowly, with your right hand, take the keys out of the ignition and pass them back. Get out of the car. Now! Close the door. Put your hands on the roof. Don't you move. Suvarov's not gonna be out on the podium for another hour. You're not gonna make it that long. Slowly, back up towards me. Stop. Turn around. You're gonna suture me up. You try and make a move on me, the slightest twitch, I will put a bullet in your brain. You got it? I don't understand something. You've spent your entire career outside the system, you've always had a good reason. But this... it's just blood lost. You're destroying an agreement that took years. An agreement made by murderers and liars. Murderers? You're the one killing people in cold blood. Everybody I took out had a hand in today's attack. But who makes you judge and jury? President Taylor, when she agreed to the cover-up. I would have accepted justice by law... but that was taken away from me by people like you. So you're right, I am judge and jury. Now, step back. Turn around. Start to move back towards the car. I came in after Hassan, Walker were killed. I'm not responsible for that. - Get on your knees! - I'm telling you the truth. I've got a family. Shut up. Bauer, please, I have a little girl. I have a daughter. She's six. Please. Don't do this. Still no answer. Are you sure this is Meredith Reed's number? - It's the right number. - Then why isn't she answering? I just talked to Gary Klausner, Ms. Reed's editor. He doesn't know where she is and has no way to reach her. He seemed very anxious to get off the phone. You leave? I'm supposed to be sitting across the table from Yuri Suvav in less than an hour. If his government was involved, President Taylor needs to know. Following the death of Omar Hassan, President Suvarov was reportedly pessimistic</i> about the viability of the peace treaty.</i> But rumors of a Russian withdrawal were soon dismissed by the White House.</i> Suvarov is expected to arrive at the UN.</i> Yes? It's Dalia Hassan. I'll call her back. She's outside, ma'am. She says it's urgent. Okay. Madam President, forgive me. I have just heard something that is very disturbing. What did you hear? That the Russian government, or people within the Russian government, were involved in the murder of my husband. Where did you hear this? My daughter received a phone call from the journalist, Meredith Reed. Have you spoken with h? I've tried everything, but I've been unable to reach her. I came here to ask for your help finding Miss Reed. I need to know if there is any truth in what she said. We heard a rumor about the Russians being involved as well. And you didn't tell me? Because we looked into it and found that there was nothing backing it up. It was a frivolous accusation. Whatever else she may be, Meredith Reed is not a frivolous woman. She came to me, someone she knew would have every reason to doubt her. I know that you want answers... but we are signing the agreement in less than an hour. I feel like you're not listening to me. Before I sign a treaty with... people who may have murdered my husband, I need help finding this woman. I will do the best I can in the time that we have left. I don't think I'm making myself clear. Until I determine if it's true, I will not sign this treaty. Please, be reasonable. This is my position, Madam President. I will not change my mind. Then you... You leave me no choice. I had Meredith Reed arrested. Why? Because her allegations would be too damaging. That doesn't make any sense. You wouldn't arrest someone for making false allegations. Unless they aren't false. You knew! You knew the Russians were behind my husband's death, and you said nothing? I am so sorry. It was an impossible situation. I was trying to protect you. Protect me? You betrayed me! We are about to complete the most important diplomatic action in generations. Your husband sacrificed his life to preserve the treaty... How dare you invoke my husband! He never would have stood for this! This treaty happened because he trusted you. And even though every fiber in my being wanted to go home and grieve, I carried on because I trusted you. But not anymore. I will not make peace with the people who murdered my husband. Or with you. There will be no agreement. I will be entering a formal complaint with the United Nations, demanding that you release Ms. Reed, and disclose whatever evidence you've kept from me and from the rest of the world! In one hour, you will stand beside me in the council chamber, and you will sign the treaty your husband and I agreed to. I won't! You will! If you don't, my administration... will disclose hard, indisputable evidence that agents inside your intelligence service attempted to detonate a nuclear device on our soil, which will give me all the justification I need to retaliate against the IRK with the full force of the American military. It will be decades, before your country recovers. But it doesn't need to come to that. All you have to do is sign the agreement. First they murder my husband, and this woman who has lied to me is threatening my country! I don't see a way out of this, Madam President. We can tell the world what these Russian bastards did, and how President Taylor protected them. We can take our case directly to The Hague. There is no case. No proof to support any of these accusations. More important, there are aylor's threats to consider. We cannot dismiss them. Our military can protect us from incursion. And if necessary, we can reactivate our nuclear program! Giving your husband's enemies exactly what they wanted in the first place. In addition to providing her with even more of an excuse to launch a preemptive military strike against us. I don't care what President Taylor said, she wouldn't dare. Can you really take that chance? Yuri Suvarov's delegation will be arriving any moment. President Taylor is expecting you there to greet him. - What's going on? - I spoke with Arlo. He got a facial recognition hit on Jack. Where? Inside our perimeter. He's here, Cole. He's been careful to avoid all the cameras, but Arlo found this. The 22nd floor of the Hart Building across the street from the UN. The software picked up his reflection. How did he get into? According to the logs, the only one that entered the building within the past 20 minutes was Pillar. Jack must have taken him hostage. The windows on the east side give him a line of sight down onto the podium. - I'm going to go find him. - I'm going with you. You can't. You'll just cause a fight. - I'm the only one Jack will listen to. - What if he doesn't? 20 minutes. If you don't hear from me, we'll follow through. Sound the alarm about Jack and secure Suvarov. 20 minutes. Keep your comm open. I want to know what's going on. I can't. CTU is monitoring all frequencies. It's too risky. All right. At least take this. - Thanks. - Be careful. Where's O'Brian headed? She's running a last-minute perimeter sweep. By herself? Keep a uplink open with Suvarov's security people. Let me know when it's up and running. As long as I can remember, every time I've had to talk to you, it seems, for some reasons, I've started out by telling you how sorry I am. I'm not going to do that to you now. You'll hear a lot of stories about what I've done today. Some of them may even be true. But no one, and I mean no one... can tell you why I did what I did except for me. And a lot of good people died today. Not just President Hasn. Operatives from CTU, members of law enforcement agencies. Who I was very close to. President Suvarov's motorcade has just rounded the corner. Was Mrs. Hassan notified of his arrival? I believe so. Yes or no, Tim? Which is it? Is she coming or not? Why wouldn't she be? That we are all here together... is a tribute to your persistence. I am sorry for your loss. I admired your husband very much. We're wanted upstairs for the press conference. Yes, of course. I know this is very difficult for you. There is nothing left for either of us to say... Chloe O'Brian, Director of CTU. Master key and building schematics you requested. Good afternoon, fellow delegates and ladies and gentlemen of the press. The last 24 hours have been the most... difficult in this long and challenging road that we've all traveled together to reach this moment. The eyes of the world are looking to the leaders standing here with me now, ready to usher in a new era of... transparency, honesty, and trust. They have each risen to this challenge for the sake of world peace.</i> And the treaty that they have created together</i> represents the culmination of their courageous efforts.</i> Agent Burke? I need you to assemble a ten-man squad and deploy them to Sector C-7. The Hart Building? We've men on post. Not enough if there's a threat along that corridor. Keep your men outside until you hear otherwise. What are you doing here? Don't kill Suvarov. There's another way. Who knows where I am? - Please listen. - Who else knows? If I don't get you out now, Cole's gonna send in every agent we have. Jack, they're going to kill you. There's a order to shoot you on sight. I couldn't let that happen. You should let them come after me. You're my friend. I didn't have a choice. Neither do I. Don't fight it. Don't fight it. Thank you. Mr. Secretary General, distinguished delegates, honored guests, today the world takes a tremendous step...</i> You watching? I have a five-five-six rifle pointed straight at your head.</i> The bullet travels 2,900 feet per second. If you move, you're a dead man. Which means you need to do what I say. Do you understand? Do you understand? I told you everything I know. And you thought I believed you? And aside from me, Novakovich was the only one</i> who knew that Suvarov was calling the shots.</i> What do you want? Call President Suvarov and have him meet you where you are as soon as the conference is over. What do I tell him?