that we all stand in the shadow of Omar Hassan's tragic death. But... the peace agreement we're about to sign will be his living memorial. His courage brought us all to this historic day, and his vision will continue to guide us as we move into the future... together. So on behalf of the people of Russia, I extend the open hand of friendship to my partners in peace: President Taylor, President Hassan. Thank you. There'll be time for questions after the signing ceremony. Please. If there's nothing more, I will see you both at the signing. It appears I am not the only one who does not want to be here. Mrs. Hassan is distraught. Understandably... Her husband was killed six hours ago. Is that why she refuses to look at me? She knows. A reporter told her of your complicity in her husband's murder. Dalia came to me. And you confirmed this journalist's allegations. I told her the truth. And yet, knowing what she knows, she's still here. Mrs. Hassan understands the benefits of peace. Because you helped her come to that understanding. Excuse me, Madam President. Whatever it was you said to Mrs. Hassan to keep her here must have been very convincing. Take your call, Yuri. We need to talk. So talk. It's a sensitive matter, something that... - that can't be discussed on the phone. - All right. - <i>Come to my suite.</i> - <i>No. You need to come to mine.</i> Why? Just trust me, Yuri. Trust you? I don't need to remind you that it is in our mutual self-interest to make sure that certain secrets stay secret. Stop talking in riddles, Charles. I don't have time for this. There's a possible leak inside of your camp, which is why we need to discuss this in my office.</i> I'll be right there. I hope I was convincing enough for you.</i> You're a world-class liar; I would have expected nothing else. What exactly do you think you're doing by killing Suvarov? Getting justice for Renee Walker? Yes, and for the people that died today trying to protect this country. Now, sit at the desk and keep the line open. The audio file you recorded... We can use it to expose Suvarov. We can use the CTU servers to distribute it to every agency and media outlet. Taylor's already censored the press. NSA's putting up firewalls. Arlo's working on getting through them. The President can't lock down every media outlet. That's Cole. If I don't answer that, he's sending a TAC team in here. It'll be too late. I'm gonna finish what I've started. You've reached Chloe O'Brian's voicemail. Please...</i> - Delta groups, this is base. Come in. - This is Delta One. Go ahead. I need you to deploy all TAC units to the 22nd floor of the Hart Building. - I have intel on a possible sniper. - You got I.D. on this hostile? Affirmative. It's Jack Bauer. With regard to Bauer, sir, the standing order is to use lethal force. - The order stands. - Copy that. We're on our way. Delta teams two and three, this is a priority mobilization. The suspect is Jack Bauer. Considered armed and dangerous. Maintain shoot-on-sight protocol. Listen to me, Jack. Please. Put down your rifle, and let me walk you out of here before they get here. Killing Pavel and Novakovich was one thing, but killing Suvarov? The Russians will consider an assassination of their president on American soil an act of war. He facilitated a terrorist attack against this country. That's an act of war. He's a murderer. You're provoking a war with a nuclear-armed country. - Shut up, Chloe! - Or what? You're gonna kill me, too? They need to be held accountable. They brought this on themselves. I don't need to remind you of the collateral damage. Not to mention the innocent lives that are at stake. Sir, President Suvarov is outside. He says you're expecting him. Excuse me, sir? I heard you. Send him in. You're gonna start a war because you lost someone? This isn't about me. Renee wouldn't want you to do this. - I said shut up, Chloe! - You know she wouldn't. She would want you to use that data card to get justice. The last thing Renee would want is for you to start a war in her name. Don't dishonor her memory like this. - <i>We should speak alone.</i> - <i>Yes, of course.</i> This person, the one you say is leaking information... who is it? I'm talking to you. Okay, we'll do it your way. Promise me you'll see this through. I'm not getting out of this building alive. You got to promise me that you will see this through and that you will do exactly what I say. I need to hear it! I promise. I'm... I'm sorry... for calling you so urgently. I was, mistaken. My concern appeared to have been unfounded. I got a call from my source just a moment ago. His information was wrong. I'm so sorry for wasting your time, Yuri. See you after the signing. Find Pillar. Sweeping equipment 22nd floor! The TAC team's almost here. I need to make it to mobile command. You won't even get that far, and make it out of here. You found me first by circumventing CTU. If Logan hasn't figured that out yet, he will soon enough. CTU gave you a standing order with regards to me, to terminate with extreme prejudice. If you don't shoot me, that file's not going anywhere. Take your weapon. Take it! And point it at me. Point it! When they come, tell them I've got the rifle, I turned on you, - and you opened fire. - I can't do that. Dammit, Chloe, pull the trigger! We are running out of time. They are gonna find us soon. You said that you would follow this through. - Pull the trigger! - I can't! Yes and you will! Now, pull the trigger! Damn you, pull the trigger! We are running out of time! Please don't make me do this. If you care about me at all, you will pull the trigger. - Do it! - I can't. - Pull the trigger! - I'm not gonna do it! Damn you! What happened? I shot him first. Jack Bauer's down with a wound to the upper chest. I repeat, Bauer is down. Burke's reporting - <i>you shot Jack.</i> - I had to. - I'm on my way there right now. - I need you at mobile command. What's happened? Jack gave me the recording of Logan and Suvarov's conversation. So, why did you shoot him? I'll explain later. Make sure that Arlo is ready to upload that file. - What's Jack's status? - EMT are working on him right now. - Is he going to make it? - I don't know. I'll explain to you when I get there. I'll see you soon. NYPD found Mr. Pillar in the garage. In the back of his SUV. - He wants me to hold you here. - Why? He's been apprised of the situation, and he wants to debrief you. We can do it later. I'm still running security. - Ms. O'Brian, he was adamant. - I've got to get back to the mobile. His authority, comes from the President. If you want to call to the White House, we can do that. - When will he be here? - He's on his way up here now. I'm sure it was a terrible ordeal. But they told me Bauer's down. - It's over. - No. No. It's not over, Jason. Bauer has a recording that implicates me along with Suvarov. How do you know? Because the son of a bitch played the thing for me. He must've put a bug on me when he attacked the car.</i> For all I know, he has recorded every conversation I've had for the past two hours. I'm on site now. I'll recover whatever he's got. You're on the line here, too. If this evidence gets out, - we all go down together. - I understand what's at stake. I'll call you back soon. - Is he stable? - Yes, sir. As you requested, I searched Bauer. We're still combing the site, but that's what we found so far. - There's nothing else? - We're still sweeping. I believe this phone is yours. It's a... digital recorder, but there's nothing in it. Come. Excuse us. The data card is missing. Bauer has a digital file that poses a threat to national security. - We need to find it. - We'll keep looking. What happened? He drew his gun and I shot him. That's all. Bauer give you anything? Like what? He had a digital recorder. The data card's missing. - I thought you might know where it is. - I don't know. You didn't see him stash it anywhere? If I did, I would've taken it and already logged it as evidence. Then you don't mind emptying your pockets. - I just shot my friend, so... - Unless you want me to do it for you, I need you to empty your pockets now. On what grounds? National security. Let's go. If I search you, will I find that data card? This is ridiculous. Put your hands up here. I just told you, I shot Jack. Why would I be helping him? Sorry, Ms. O'Brian, I have to be absolutely sure. Okay. Hope you enjoyed yourself. It's over, Jack. You need to talk to me, maybe do yourself some good. Where's the data card? Is he stable enough to be treated at CTU instead of the hospital? He should be. He got lucky. It's a through and through. Through and through? Bullet didn't hit any of his organs or his arteries. If you're gonna get shot, that's where you want to happen. Son of a bitch! Get me mobile command. What? You got something to say to me? Just tell me what you got to say. Talk to me. What? Get him out of here! Lock down O'Brian! Arlo's ready to receive the file. - Tell me why you shot Jack. - They'd suspect me if I didn't. My only way out with the evidence was to shoot him. Medical report said it went clean through. That no vital organs were hit. You meant to miss them? How did you know you wouldn't kill him? I didn't. It's uploading now. It shouldn't take long. I just need a few more seconds. - What's going on? - We have to lock her down. - What orders? - Step aside. Tell me what's going on first. We won't ask again. Step aside. Don't... I order you... stop! I'm ordering you to stop! Don't! - Is this the data that Bauer gave you? - You need to listen to what's on it. - Mr. Pillar'll make that decision. - Pillar is part of the cover-up. That data card will never make it to evidence. - Hold them here. - Don't do this! Burke, stop what you're doing! Think about what you're doing, Burke, stop! I locked down O'Brian. Looks like she was working with Agent Ortiz. He's in custody, too. Get the data card? Yes, sir. O'Brian was trying to upload the file at CTU, but I stopped the transmission. Good work. All right, send O'Brian and Ortiz to CTU lockdown and talk to no one. Get that data card to President Logan. Yes, sir. Take them to CTU. This is it. This is the recording that Jack Bauer made. Bauer was working with Chloe O'Brian and a field agent called Cole Ortiz. They were planning to use CTU's servers to disseminate this recording to news organizations, and government officials and watchdog groups on a massive scale. It almost worked. My people, they never gave up, and now it's over. You won. Congratulations. - Have you listened to this? - Yes, but it's not worth hearing. Where is Jack now? He's about to be transported to CTU under heavy guard. I realize that this is a difficult area, but the one thing we can be certain of is that Jack Bauer will never let this go. I don't suppose he will. All great achievements in state... are fragile things, Madam President. Especially in their infancy. They need to be protected. Our peace agreement... very vulnerable. As long as Jack Bauer is out there, the agreement will never be safe. Then we will lock him away in a black site halfway around the world. He will find a way, Madam President. Mark my words. He will rise out of the deepest hole in the ground. He will claw his way back from the ends of the Earth, unless we stop him before that can happen. Pending approval, I have taken upon myself to... put a plan in motion. Of course you have. I will take your silence as tacit approval. A lot of good people died today, not just President Hassan. Operatives from CTU, members of other law enforcement agencies.</i> Who I was very close to. These people died today because President Suvarov</i> wanted to destroy the peace treaty for his own interests,</i> and President Taylor knows this because I told her,</i> but she's willing to cover it up because she believes</i> the peace accord will serve the greater good.</i> She is wrong, it won't. Both delegations are here. What about the secretary general? He's just outside in the atrium. Thank you, Tim. Lasting peace... cannot simply be political.</i> It has to be born out of trust and honesty and understanding</i> and most importantly, a will on both sides to move forward.</i> Currently, that will does not exist. This peace is fraudulent, and I cannot in good conscience</i> allow the people that lost their lives today to go unspoken for.</i> You reminded me of that earlier today.</i> That's who I am. Bauer is being handled. Is it done? All right, then. You know, I wasn't sure the President had the balls to see this through. Clearly, I underestimated her. We both did, sir. Good luck, Madam President. This calls for a celebration. A little something to numb that ear pain? What are you drinking? Whatever you're having. You did well, Jason. You kept your eye on the prize. Thank you, sir. Here's to... all the political capital the President is about to bank downstairs. And here's to helping her spend it. I keep having to remind myself that we will be home tomorrow, and this day will be behind us. Ladies and gentlemen, please, please take your seats. Honored delegates and distinguished guests, on behalf of the United Nations, please allow me to welcome you to this great occasion of hope and peace. Today, we bear witness to an extraordinary act in one of the world's defining dramas. If you would allow me now to offer private words to those of us that are fortunate enough to be here now. May we all pledge to make the spirit of this moment. A new chapter... in the history of all nations. The President of the USA, please, would you join me? The President of the Russian Federation and the President of the Islamic Republic of Kamistan, would you please join me? Before you... is the final draft of the agreement that has been negotiated by you and your representatives in good faith. By signing its pages, you commit your respective countries to abide by the terms set forth therein, as stipulated by international law. I believe you are to go first. Your husband wanted me to have this. I cannot accept it. What are you doing? What I should have done hours ago. I urge you to stop what you are about to do. Mr. Secretary General, my fellow delegates. Grave crimes have been committed in the run-up to this treaty. I have participated in a conspiracy to hide those crimes. Before there can be a meaningful peace, justice must be served. I will be... giving a more complete statement within the hour, but for now, this peace process has come to an end. Contact CTU and have them alert Jack Bauer's medical transport. He is about to be ambushed. Just make the call, Tim! We may already be too late. Dispatch, this is Tim Woods. I have an emergency. The convoy transporting Jack Bauer is about to be ambushed. Alert Medical One immediately. Do it. Madam President, talk to me. Tell me what's happening. I have made a terrible mistake, Tim, one that I can never undo... but I need you to help me stop it from becoming worse. This is Woods. Thank you. We didn't make it. They got Bauer. My statement is brief, and I will take no questions. Moments ago, President Taylor declined to sign the peace accord and excused herself from the proceedings.</i> She did so after making allegations of crimes which she did not specify,</i> and which the United Nations has no knowledge of.</i> President Taylor will come forward within the hour</i> to explain the reasons for her actions.</i> Until then, please, direct all queries</i> to the White House Communications Office.</i> That's the President asking about Bauer. Let it ring. With due respect, sir, what good will it do? It's over. Let's not add murder to the list of charges already against us. You know what? You're right. Go ahead. Pick it up. This is President Taylor. I need to speak to Logan immediately. This was my last chance, and Bauer took it away. It's come to this because of him. It's locked. - Open the door, Charles! - This is Tim Woods. I'm with the President. We need the master key to room 2206 immediately. Damn it, Charles! Open the door! I need Logan alive! Can they save him? They think so, but they're saying that even if he regains consciousness, he's probably suffered severe brain damage. He knew he was the only one who could locate Jack. Not necessarily. CTU's drones have been for the last hours. They may be able to back-trace Jack from the ambush site - using archived surveillance video. - Where is O'Brian? She and Agent Ortiz returned to CTU ten minutes ago, - under arrest. - I want them released immediately. Tell Chloe to use whatever resources are at her disposal to find Jack. I've already done that. Let go of me! O'Brian, you have no authority. What do you think you're doing? - Shut up and keep moving. - What the hell is going on? - Get your hands off. - What the hell is going on? Taylor didn't sign the agreement. She backed out at the last minute, - but she ordered the hit on Jack. - Did she call it off? She tried, but his ambulance has been ambushed. She can't contact the hitters. - How does she know Jack's alive? - She doesn't. Everyone is cleared from the floor except for you, me and Arlo. Arlo's redirecting the drone. We just got police reports of an incident downtown. CTU convoy ambushed, three agents wounded, but they didn't find - Jack's body. - Can you pull up archived video - of the same location? - Already on it. - When did this happen? - Five minutes ago. Shuttle forward. Give me something. 30 seconds ago, the van pulled off of Delancey. Damn it. Lost it under the Williamsburg Bridge. Go to real time. That's it. That's the van. All units to the vicinity. They're never going to make it in time. Hold on. Prepare for departure. We rendezvous with Team B in 20 minutes. I got this! Come on. Right here. Turn around. Down on your knees. I know who you are. So I'm going to make this quick and clean. Am I supposed to say thank you? Stand down! Stand down! I really don't want to do this, but orders are orders. It's all right. Pull the trigger. Hold your fire! It's President Taylor. I don't have confirmation, but it sounds like her. CTU has a drone. They're got a directed microwave signal. It's how they got through to the phone. I am ordering you to release Jack Bauer immediately! You heard me! You and your men are to leave Mr. Bauer where he is. Stand down and withdraw outside the west gate until the FBI arrives. If you have any thoughts of fleeing before then, the drone is equipped with two AGM-114 hellfire missiles. I will not hesitate to use them. Are we clear? Now, put Mr. Bauer on the phone. Uncuff him. I said, "Uncuff him." We've been ordered to stand down and evacuate. We're rolling up and evacuating. Everyone in the van. Let's move. Now. The President wants to talk to you. You should've let them kill me... ...'cause I'm not going to quit until this is over.</i> It is over. I withdrew 15 minutes ago from the signing of the peace treaty. Within the hour, I will tell the world what happened today. I will tender my resignation and remand myself to the Attorney General... and face the consequences of my actions. Unfortunately, you will have to do the same. I wanted this peace so badly, Jack. And for that, I have betrayed every principle that I have ever stood for. And I betrayed you. If I had listened to you, none of this would have happened. We've both made mistakes we're going to have to live with. I would give anything to take back the time. But all I can do is tell you to leave the country while you still have a chance. The Russians will be coming after you. And so will we. Jack, I am so sorry. I don't know what else to say. Taylor told me what was happening. She was going to give me time to get out of the country. - I know. I was on the call. - My daughter... her family... they're going to try and use her to get to me. They'll be protected. Chloe, you've gotta promise me. Promise me you'll keep them safe. I'll make sure they're protected. I promise. How much time I've got? I don't know. I'll get you as much time as I can. What? When you first came to CTU... I never thought it was you that was going to cover my back all those years. I know that everything that you did today was to try and protect me. I know that. Thank you. Good luck, Jack. Bring the drone back to the base. Whatever happened here didn't happen.