all right for me, but...</i> last week, I hit a bit of a rough patch.</i> Look what somebody threw away. A perfectly good camera. A friend of mine was practically beaten to death.</i> And he was just a friggin' kid. Lucy finally showed Holt the stalker photos of her and him having sex.</i> Do you think Julia could have paid someone to follow you? You know what this shit could do to me, right? They make such a nice couple, don't they?</i> And you don't know who took this? Holt promised Julia he'd get back the sex tape of her and Johnny Gage.</i> So Holt went and asked Lucy. I want the sex tape back. Lucy, of course, bent over backward to help him.</i> And forward...and backward...</i> and forwards. Paid in full. Yeah, he might've wanted to keep that thought inside his head.</i> Poor Lucy. First her brother left her,</i> and now her lover. At least now the evidence is destroyed, Holt and Julia are free.</i> Right? And she can get her career back on track.</i> I've tried that, too, Holt. It doesn't make the other you go away.</i> Numbers don't lie. DirtNow had a huge launch, but it's slipping. The sex issue was a disaster. Okay, well if you factor out the Wal-Mart boycott, the sex issue pumped our newsstand by 20 percent. Yes, factor it in and our net took a 10 percent hit. We launched a new book and became one of the top celebrity weeklies in the nation. Gibson Horne is not interested in last month. He expects to be top dog. The hostage memorial issue didn't move, sex, TuLu... Hard to justify that beefed up personal security budget for an editor whose circulation numbers are trending down. Okay, so we need a big cover. Hmm, what a great idea, Brent. Thank God you're here. Tell Gibson to relax. I'll deliver a monster cover. I always do. Julia! - You said you got it. - Got what? - It's all over the internet. - Juli-- You said you got it back! It's everywhere. It's on the internet! How'd this happen? Synchro: Metalmarco, Pasbel, YST SynchFix: Metalmarco Transcript : swsub.com ::ITA-SA:: & _/Yellow Sub\_ Proudly Present: Dirt - Season 01 Episode 12 - "Caught On Tape" Micro-cams transmit to us in real time. Panic buttons in every room, which you won't need because I'm going to keep a guy inside whenever you're home. Oh, God. For how long? Until we catch him. Why don't I just stay at the Hotel Bel Air, and you can put a man outside of my suite? We don't want the stalker to feel like you're reacting to him, like he's having an impact on your life. Right, like he hasn't had an impact on my life. I always hang out with former Israeli commandos. Don't worry. We play it right, hang back, the guy will expose himself. You gotta tell me where you got it. Who else had it? All I can say is... is since there started to be real heat around me, people in the press want to be my friend. And I'm not gonna say who, all right? - Jesus, Holt. - Babe, look. It-- It doesn't matter. Listen. They had it locked up and hidden in a vault. I demanded it back, and I got it. They gave me their only copy. You sure about that? Johnny Gage, man. Johnny Gage is scum. I mean, he made it. He's been gunning for me ever since I got Hard Chargerover him. If anyone leaked it, it's him. Everybody's gonna see this. I mean, my parents are gonna see this. Your parents aren't gonna see it. Like, seriously, they don't even know how to use the internet. And this is worse than everything. The drugs, losing the show. What am I gonna do? We'll just go on. People want to talk, screw 'em. - Really? - Yeah. You're all I care about, you know? Hey, Nancy, check this out. The movie may have been a flop at the box office,</i> but a sex tape made during the film's production</i> is now the hottest download on the internet.</i> Now, the video was allegedly made when Gage and Mallory</i> were starring together in Terminal Velocity.</i> Now, wasn't she supposed to be with Holt McLaren at the time?</i> Okay, I want to see every picture of Gage and Mallory together. And we have to find out who else could have had that tape. Yeah, where did Gage keep it? Who has access to his house, to his trailer, whatever. Okay. Yeah, and I want to move the meeting up to 7:45. Hold on one second. Okay, I have to take this. Bye. If I find out that you had anything to do with this... Well, good morning to you too, Holt. No, I'm serious. You told me you gave me your only copies. I did give you my only copies. Well, listen, if I find out they weren't, then I'm gonna find a way to take you down. You understand? Why would I have released the tape? Well why do you do any of the shit you do? It's to get a story. It's all over the web, it's everywhere. It's not exactly like I'm scooping anyone here. As far as I know, you're the last one who had the tape. - Maybe you released it. - Yeah, you're funny. You don't have the guts to break up with Julia. - This makes it easy. - Yeah, you're sick. You know that? Maybe. But I'm rarely wrong. What did you do with the tape? We destroyed it. Look, are you absolutely sure no one got into your vault? Hold on. Someone's approaching the property. I gotta go. Two people with duffel bags. Get to the back bedroom. Let us clear them first. Okay, this is silly. Are you expecting two people with duffel bags? Back bedroom's secure. Whoa! Wow! Holy shit! Hey, sis. You changed your locks. What's with the secret service detail? Did you piss off a mobster with some expose'? I wish I knew. So you're here. Just walking back in. I'm sorry I couldn't talk to you. I need to cool down. - You think I'm still the devil? - I know you're not the devil. I missed you. I really missed you. - Where the hell were you? - A commune in Bolinas. Hey, sweets. This is my girlfriend, -  Lumina. - Your girlfriend. It's nice to meet you. Hi. She's living in silence right now. Don't judge. So can we crash in your guest room for a while? Sure. Join the party. Thanks. I like your work. There she is! Julia! Julia! Julia! How long were you cheating on Holt? Do you know about the tape? Julia, did you like it as much as you said on the video? Did I like it? I was drugged that night. He drugged me. And when a woman is drugged, too drugged to say yes, isn't that a "no?" This video you're all watching online is not a sex tape, it's a rape tape. Are you gonna bring criminal charges against Johnny Gage? - Will there be a lawsuit? - Julia! Do you have a message for other rape victims? McPherson, my office. I need to know who the hell leaked that videotape. Um, well, as far as I can tell, it hit on a bunch of internet sites at once. They all claim that it was delivered anonymously. - No other details? - No, not yet. Okay. Get them, quietly. I don't want anyone to think that we're digging there. Let everyone else think the story is just the videotape and the aftermath. I'm on it. What? Um... is this an actual assignment or am I still in the doghouse? Get the story, and it's an actual assignment. Screw it up, and it doesn't really matter where you are, does it? Yeah. - Oh, hey, Lucy. - Hey. Okay, everyone's gonna be going after Johnny Gage and Holt and Julia. I want you to get a shot that no one else has. - 'Kay. - <i>Consoling, fighting...</i> arguments, it doesn't matter. Just get their private life. Who's the more important of the three? Today it's the girl. I figured. I-I'll call you when I have something. Thanks, Don. Don? Coming. Don? Hey, Don. Marqui. Are you out of your coma? Did you just leave the hospital? No, I'm still in the hospital. I'm still in my coma. I had to come see you. I have an assignment for you. I'm-- I'm already on a job. I know, this is more important than Lucy's. - It's much more important. - What is it? You'll find out. I need to know if someone could've gotten in here. It's unlikely. We've been watching the place pretty closely since the siege. And what about before the siege? I keep some very sensitive things in there. The room used to be a bank vault. Unless you left it unlocked, only the most skilled criminal would be able to get in. And you would know if he did. What about an employee? You think there's someone who wants to hurt you here? I'm the boss. Everyone wants to hurt me here. - Hey, Lucy. - Yeah? Sorry, but Johnny Gage just got accosted by a bunch of news crews. - It's feeding live. - I'll talk to you later. Were you high? Hey. Yeah, were a little high. But she totally wanted it, believe me. - How did you know? - I would know. I was there. On the video, doesn't she say, "We shouldn't be doing this?"</i> Yeah, and then she says she likes it and asks for more.</i> Watch the whole tape, dude. Everyone else is.</i> Why did you leak it? Did you want some press?</i> I didn't leak it. Are you make money on this? Look, the only reason I made it for is you know, when you're with a really cool girl, you just want to be able to relive it. Yeah, but if it wasn't you, who? Who else had the tape? The only other person who has ever even seen this tape</i> is Lucy Spiller at DirtNow. She's the only one who knew about it.</i> So maybe you should be asking her who leaked it.</i> You showed your sex tape to Lucy Spiller of DirtNow Magazine?</i> Yeah, I gave her a copy. Does she have something on you? Why would you give a copy to Lucy Spiller?</i> Come on, you guys know how this works.</i> You get good press. You wash Lucy Spiller's hands, she gives you good coverage in her magazines.</i> - Hello? - Hi. My name is Natalie Benson. I'm a volunteer at the Rape Cris Center in Hollywood. I'm trying to reach Julia Mallory. Um...can I tell her what it's regarding? We're starting a new campaign to educate high school students about drug rape, and we'd like her to be our spokesperson. I'd love to talk to her about this. She's not in right now, but I'll give her the message. It wouldn't take a lot of her time.</i> Anything, anything she could do for these kids would make a huge difference. She's setting a courageous example</i> and has a huge fan base, both male and female.</i> Well, I have your number on caller ID. And, I'll talk to her about it. I promise. Thanks. It means a lot. My bread and butter is anonymous tips. Why would I tell you anything about how I got the video? * compare like <i>DirtNow</i>, Perez. And, you know, I could slip you stories that were about to hit the magazine early. Things to make your site hotter. All I need are details on how the tape was uploaded. It wasn't uploaded. I got a call on my cell phone telling me to look in a dumpster around the corner. DVD was there waiting. I checked with the other web sites who got it. Same thing. Your cell phone? Yes, don't get excited. I checked. Call came from a pay phone. Dead end. Lucy! Lucy! One picture! One picture, please! Over here! Did you trade feature stories on Johnny Gage for the Julia Mallory sex tape? - Is that how <i>DirtNow</i> works? - Okay, guys. I will answer every question and more in the pages of <i>DirtNow</i> Magazine. I promise everything there is to know will be in the next issue. And if I get more information, it will be in the issue after that. I will give you the unvarnished and uncompromising truth, because that is what <i>DirtNow</i> is and always will be. Anything else that you read or hear is gossip and innuendo. So you're saying you won't answer our question. Did you or did you not release the tape? Oh, come on. Is good press for sale in <i>DirtNow</i>? Okay, listen to me. We don't know everything right now. But I promise you, the truth will come out, because it always does. Now, that's all. Thank you. Julia, you told me before the show that until you saw the tape, you weren't sure what happened that night. No. I knew I'd had one or two drinks, but I was bruised. I asked somebody if maybe I fell. But there was a little voice inside my head that I didn't want to listen to. They say that rohypnol is the mind eraser. I just told myself that I'd had too much to drink. But all I remember is one glass of champagne. What was your first reaction when you saw the tape? Ca-Can you talk about that? You can do this. I couldn't breathe. I... I remember telling myself to breathe. It was real, and it was happening, and... I was terrified. People think that if you're raped by somebody you know, that it-- it's not really a crime. But... I was drugged and I was assaulted. It's like your mind can forget, but your body remembers. I really applaud you for speaking out. Now, Johnny Gage is claiming the sex was consensual. To tell the truth would put him in jail for 20 years. You're not pressing charges? Holt and I, we spoke with a lawyer, and it's a little late to be gathering hard evidence for a conviction. Holt... This can't be easy on either of you. No. You said in an interview once that he was your rock. Yeah. I mean, he's an amazing guy. I feel so grateful. He hasn't left my side, not once. Now, you are <i>filing a lawsuit against the major tabloids.</i> Tabloids, the distributors, anyone who's looking to profit from the video.</i> Lucy Spiller bartered with a rapist and she's profiting from his crime.</i> You're referring to Lucy Spiller, editor of DirtNow Magazine. That a woman would do this makes me sick.</i> It's an insult, not just to rape survivors,</i> but to all of us. I want you all to know that the money from the lawsuit</i> is going to the Hollywood Rape Crisis Center.</i> That's really great. This is bullshit. He's going to fire me over an allegation? Or, you know, merely suspend. I mean, nothing's definitive. There is nothing that ties me to the story. Nothing. - Tell her to take me to court. - You've already been tried, sweetie. By the highest court in the land. The court of public opinion. I'll countersue. Defamation of character and slander. It's not about the goddamned lawsuit, Spiller. It's about the perception that DirtNow Magazine trades stories with celebrities. Now, I'm not asking if it's true or false. I don't want to know. But blackmail? That is a serious allegation. My sin isn't blackmail. It's omission. Sometimes it's what I don't write that gets people to tell me their secrets. What about the truth? Isn't that your mantra? Aren't you willed by the, uh, journalism gods to tell all? Truth has no expiration date, Brent. It's always there. When I choose to disclose something, that's my business. If I decide to hold it back in order to reveal a greater truth, then so be it. I'm sorry. That line has a lot of wiggle room in it. Really? This coming from a publisher who two weeks ago wanted me to put his teenage dalliance on the cover so his ass wouldn't get burned at the stake. Tell me what you want me to do. Okay. I want you to keep me alive until this issue comes out. It will answer everything. I promise. They're good. Think she'll like them? I don't like this assignment. You don't like a lot of your assignments, Don. Yeah, but I don't-- I mean, I really don't know what this is about. What's the story? What is it you want me to do? You know what the assignment is. I think I should go back on my meds. I thought you don't like your meds, Don. I don't, but I don't like this either, you know. I mean, Lucy's my friend. She's calling for me. She needs me for a story. Lucy's part of a story now. A big story. You're part of it, too. The meds make you dull. You have to be sharp for the story. What is it? You have things to do, Don. Important things to do. Shut the door. How's the temperature out there? It's pretty good. Okay, if you're gonna act like this is your first day on the planet, you're about as useful to me as a third tit. Want to try again? People are nervous. They're loyal to you, but to a point. Their major concern right now is, if you get fired, - how it's gonna impact them? - What about you? I'm not worried. I'll work. Anything on who leaked the tape? Not yet. I've got some good leads, though. Okay, good. Are you sure you want me to find out? What's that supposed to mean? I'm not sure that you're done punishing me yet. And it crossed my mind that you put me on this because you know very well that it's a wild goose chase, because you're the one who leaked the tape yourself. If I had leaked the goddamn tape, I would have done it on a Tuesday to make sure we had the first cover. Well, I hope so. Because, no matter what the truth is, I promise I'm gonna find it. Great. The sooner the better! Have we heard from Don yet? - Should I leave another message? - Jesus, Don. Please, could you tell me why we're here? Look. Look through the lens. You'll see. Julia! Julia! Julia! Serendipity. I was just gonna call you. - Me? - Did you see the Calendar this morning? About the rape cris center? Your appearance on daytime generated more donations than they've gotten since they opened in '74. You're kidding. Yeah, exaggerating, but not by much. They want you to be their woman of the year. When they call, say yes. Hey, uh, what are you doing right now? - Uh, I'm meeting on a pilot. - Oh, no, no. No TV. Trust me. - Really? - Yeah, look, I know I'm Holt's manager, not yours. But I love him. I love you. And I heard you fired your agent. What the hell took you so long? Quinn's a nose picker. I wanna put you with Sylvia Ellis. She'd rep me? If I ask her. She's a friend. Julia, listen. People are talking about you. They are. I'm like one of those Indian scouts. I put my ear to the ground, I know how many horses are coming. Sydney Pollack called. He thought I represented you and Holt. I didn't correct him. He, uh, wants to meet you. And, Jule, he's just the first horse. What do you say? You and me? Sylvia Ellis? Heavy hitters. I'd say you're on. Smart girl. And you know, I gotta tell you, I think you've got balls. The way you're dealing with all of this bullshit? Respect. You have got mine. I, uh-- I was actually date raped. Sophomore year. When I was a senior, I finally told a counselor, and I couldn't even use the word rape. Cheryl, I am-- I am so sorry. Yeah, I'll still take 15 percent, but five of it will go to the center. See? Something good comes from something bad. It's a decent job, but they don't pay us shit, you know? I hear you. So, what was the location of the pay phone? Torrance. My wife says our kid has to have a private education. Get the best opportunity in life. Whatever, fine. But preschool? You know they charge over $700 a month for friggin' preschool? Listen, you don't normally do this sort of thing, but these are hard times. I get it. Now... the calls to the web sites, coins or credit card? I'm sorry. Prepaid calling card. Untraceable. Can you track down where the card was purchased? $700 a month. That's more than my parents paid for my freshman year at Pepperdine. Yep. Tough times. What's the matter? Place kinda gives me the creeps. Bad memories, you know? Yeah, it was a pretty rough two and a half days. Yeah. I don't remember a lot of it. Really? Wow, I rember everything. I remember you getting bitch-slapped. I remember you cowering in the corner. I remember you pissing your pants. Not your finest hour. And yet, not one word of it made it in the pages of my magazine. I know. Thank you, Lucy. while you're thanking me, here in private-- Well, I'm not a very private person these days, Johnny. - Thanks to you. - Lucy... But let's forget about the embarrassing performance during the hostage siege. I could have always gone with the big story: "Johnny Gage was a male hustler before he became a star." Jesus Christ, Lucy. You can't-- I have done nothing but protect you. "Cheap call boy gets his first movie role by blowing a director named Harvey Ross." I could destroy you with one issue. But I keep your secret safe in my vault. I panicked, okay? The cameras were in my face, and I-- I didn't know what to say. So I told the truth. You told a version of the truth. You never told me you drugged her. Had I known that, I would have thrown the tape back in your face. - I didn't drug her. - I don't care. Just tell me how to make this right. Please, Lucy. Just-- Please tell me what to do. Well, you have to start by trusting me, as always. Stick to my script. I'll get your life back on track. 60 acres. Yeah, but Texas is a red state. Yeah, but it's just outside of Austin. Austin is a blue city. In a red state. The house is brand new. We wouldn't have to do anything. Cut and run, though. I don't-- I don't know if I like how that feels. What are you talking about? I mean, everything that's going on right now. The lawsuits? We're taking a stand. I feel like we should be here to back it up. The lawsuits? It'll take years. Are you kidding? And the cris center? I-- I made a commitment. I thought we weren't gonna get sucked in here. I mean, come on, you want our kids growing up with kids named Sushi and Apple? Areyoupregnant? 'Cause I'm not. It doesn't have to be Austin. I mean, we could look at Montana. I don't know. Buy whatever you want, though. You don't need my permission. It's your money. All right? Don't look at me like I grew two heads, all right? I haven't changed my mind about anything. It's just not the right time. That's right. Too bad she can't hold her liquor like she can her tongue. Lumina's a kindred spirit. You know, she's an amazing poet. We've been together six weeks, and she hasn't said a word. Seriously? Nothing. Not even, "Oh, God," when you're having sex? Our relationship isn't really about sex. I don't think there's a name for what we have. No, I think the term is fag hag. - No-- - Wow. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just jealous. Because the only person who is interested in me seems to wants me dead. Why do you say that? I don't know. Ask my $2,000-a-day security team. It's weird, though. It's-- It's-- It's surreal. It's almost like I'm being stalked by a ghost. Maybe you are. I can't wait to hear this one. No, I-- Seriously, it's part of what we worked on at the commune. You know, I mean, we manifest the world we live in. This isn't just happening to you. It's coming from you. From this tabloid that swallowed you whole. So you think I brought this on myself? I brought on someone taking pictures of me... while I'm on the toilet and broadcasting them all over my place of work? I don't understand. No. What I'm saying is that, maybe instead of looking at this as a personal attack, you could look at it as a... a wake-up call. That's one hell of a commune. I love you, Lucy. I love you more than anybody in the world. And I don't like that some guy is doing this to you. It upsets me a lot. And it's hard to see this happening to my big sister, but maybe-- I know it sounds crazy. Maybe it can be a blessing. "I'm here to apologize... "to Julia Mallory, to Lucy Spiller, to my fans. "I lied about Lucy Spiller. "I never gave her the sex tape. "I gave it to one of my drug dealers. "He was threatening me, "and, uh... "there is no excuse. "I, uh, blamed Lucy Spiller, because I was angry that I had fallen "off the pages of her magazine, "one of the most important publications "in the entertainment industry. "And worse than that... "what I did to Lucy Spiller and DirtNow, "is what I did to Julia Mallory.</i> "I now we were both using and drinking that night.</i> "But my drugged-out state is no excuse for my behavior.</i> "I am committing myself "to a live-in alcohol and drug rehabilitation facility "for as long as it takes for me to get well and sober." Thank you. Hey, Luce. Was it coke or meth? Was it coke?</i> I have something else to say. Before I was an actor, when I first came to Hollywood, um... I was a private stripper... for men. I had no money. I was alone. And it was the only way I could, uh, survive.</i> I know what it feels like to be... trapped and abused. - I'm sorry. - Yeah. The ever articulate Johnny Gage, ladies and gentlemen.</i> Johnny Gage. Oh, my God. I have the date the card was shipped to the store, if you could just check your records and see when it was sold. - If it was sold here, I can find it. - Great... Um, maybe I could talk to some of the cashiers who were on duty at the time and see if they remember anything. These morons? Good luck. Everything in the store has a scanner code, including phone cards. If I run the code, I can find the exact time, date, and register for the transaction. Well, that's a start. Um, there's actually one more thing I...want. Don't worry about it. Just do me a favor. Come see my play. I'm doingFiddler. Not the lead or anything. Just the fourth daughter, Shprintze. But I have a big solo in "Sunrise Sunset." Babe, you don't know what you're doing. She wants to mend fences. Yeah, bullshit. I didn't call her. She called me. I'm dropping the lawsuit. Her magazine wants to make nice. I figured, why have an enemy when you can have a friend? Lucy Spiller's nobody's friend. Does it look like I just got off the boat? Okay, but you believe Johnny Gage? Babe, come on. First he says he gave her the tape, then he said he didn't. I mean, he told the truth and she got to him. Stay away from her. Lucy's the one. She gave you the tape. Yeah. She's your contact with the vault full of secret shit? Yeah. Why didn't you tell me it was her? - Why all this mystery? - I don't know. Did she get to you like she got to Johnny? What do you mean? Are you lying to me now? Babe, she's the liar. She swore to me there were no copies. Stay away from her. What's she gonna do? Suck my blood? Maybe. Lucy Spiller is a wannabe. She peddles gossip so she can get close to real talent. She has no power, unless we give it to her. Babe, you don't understand. Well then, tell me. Explain it to me. What don't I understand? She wants something from you. Don't give it to her, no matter what. Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf? Who's afraid of Lucy Spiller? - I'm really glad you're here. - Thank you. So, how are you holding up? I'm hanging in there. Thanks. Good. Publicity, that's-- it's tough. I know firsthand now. You never thought you'd have to see it on the other side, huh? Not really. No. Now, listen. I'm sorry that-- that things got so ugly. Thank you. I guess in the end it-- it's just part of being a celebrity. Being in the public eye is sort of the definition of celebrity, isn't it? Is that a violation to you? Is this an interview? Isn't that the point? I mean, isn't it always? Yeah, I guess. No, um, yeah, it's-- it's been really hard. People think that they know you, but... At least I've gotten a chance to speak out for women who might not otherwise have a voice. And what does that mean to you? Uh, it means, I guess, I can make a difference. In a small way. That you're still relevant. I don't-- I don't understand. Really? Come with me. This isn't Edgar Allan Poe. I won't lock you in. I have a tape I want to show you. The infamous vault. I've heard rumors. It's-- It's not another sex tape, is it? Not exactly. No, this is a store surveillance tape of someone buying a phone card. It's not really that interesting, except for it was the phone card used to call in tips to web sites, telling them where to pick up their Julia Mallory sex tape. A phone card that was purchased with cash, so that someone could make calls and... never be traced. You keep lots of things in this vault, don't you? Secrets? Sometimes. This could be our secret. If you kept it. Johnny Gage has already taken the blame for this. It's over. I can give you anything. Exclusives. DirtNow can be my magazine. We can be a great team, Lucy. I'll-- I'll give you stories. And you'll give me covers. That's how it works, right? I'm not for sale, Julia. I know. I didn't mean that. I-- You're not, I am. I'm the one for sale. I'll be your star. I'll feed you anything you need. I told you. I-- I knew about this vault. Just keep the story on the inside. And...you can own me. I don't mind being owned. You know, there's still time to walk it back. What? If you want to put the story back in the vault, there's still time. Going soft on me? Are you worried about hurting her feelings? Actually, I was wondering if you were the one going soft. Isn't the smart play to put the story in the vault? This is a great cover. Yep. "America's fallen sweetheart sold her sex tape for press, sympathy, and to rekindle her career." It almost worked. If we just let it work. Leverage over a star like Julia Mallory has to be worth a lot more in the long run than just one cover. Is that what you think this whole thing is about? Leverage and power. No, I'm just trying to think several steps ahead like you usually do. We go with the story. Print the truth. Perez has some crazy shit about you</i> He's a dick Did you leak your own tape? - Michael? - Well, Julia Mallory may have fooled</i> but she's not going to fool us again.</i> We're hearing reports today that the actress will</i> have to drop her lawsuit, according to DirtNow.</i> The magazine's upcoming issue promises to expose</i> Julia Mallory's involvement in leaking her own sex tape.</i> A startling revelation that could have</i> devastating consequences for the already troubled actress--</i> - Shit. - ...if it turns out to be true. Hang up. Don't answer that. Don't answer that. Well, Jim, how about that Julia Mallory?</i> DirtNow Magazine will run a story tomorrow saying they have proof</i> that Julia Mallory leaked her own sex tape. So the question is,</I> was it a drug rape after all? And if it weren't, what does this mean for Julia's lawsuit?</i> It looks now like there will be a counter lawsuit,</i> according toDirtNow editor Lucy Spiller,</i> who stated that Julia Mallory lied in order to generate publicity for her flagging career.</i> DirtNow promises, Nancy, to have the details in tomorrow's issue.</i> Just when you thought she couldn't get any lower.</i> So what does this mean? What's next for Julia, Tony?</i> Doesn't look like we'll be seeing her on the silver screen anytime soon.</i> Don't answer that. - Hang it up. - What's wrong? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, shut up! Shut up. Shut up! Oh, my God! - No, no, no, no--No! - Don... you can't just run away. Yes, I can. I have my cameras. I got clean underwear. I got Little Tristin. Don, the job will just follow you. No. No. - Don. - No. Don. You know what you have to do. Don. You know you have to kill Lucy. You have to kill her to save her. ::Italian Subs Addicted::