Tony, it's me. Don't hang up. The fuck are you calling here for, you know who could answer this phone? Please, you are so conceited. Do you really think i want to call you? I think you're drinkin' and dialin'. I can smell the vanilla stoli from here. Yell to your sister, not to me. A week it's be en and my poor cousin still is not havin g her prosthetic leg. What the fuck you want me to do? Tony, please, i miss you so much. Can you co me over here? Don't ever call here again. Didn't you see my favorite patient today? Tomorrow. How's that going? Let's not, richard. I so wish to christ you hadn't taken him back. I took you back. You think the synergy escapes me? You start treating him, we start seeing each other again. Richard, richard. No, seriously. If you rea lly want to know, he had a rea l breakthrough last week. Break- through what? Somebody's jaw? You're right, i'm wasting my time. Better i should boycott with the national italian- american foundation and save the world from, uh, what is it this week? Um... "gangster"? The very idea abc would even think of producing that stereotypical goombah- fest. Richard, we're an advertisement for the american experiment. We did great. I'm so fed up with people assuming i'm a thug. Because my name ends in a vowel. Undershirts, yelling. Hollywood tries to give these sociopaths the tragic grandeur of al pacino. You know, he's an expert at this, jen. The guy's conning you. Condescend to me, richard. It gets me so hot. Tell me a little more abou t this breakthrough then. You yourself said the guy's alixithymic. You said nothing 's gonna get through. Not if it threatens that straw house he's built inside his head to shelter his base criminality. It really concerns m e you don't see this, jen. I mean, pink slip this guy. He's dangerous. I'm gonna pink slip you if you don't get that chicken in the oven. Is that new? Looks good. Did you bring your log? My log? Remember last week? You were gonna keep a record. I asked you to write down any feelings of anxiety or memories of past anxiety attacks. Yeah, my parents and the pork store. I know. Yeah, that was... interesting. Have you thought at all about that? How do people find the time? To get well? Look, my mother's dead. I haven't had a panic attack since. You've gone months without them before. The conflicts that cause them and your depression are buried deep inside you. Are you happy? Am i happy? That's not even... look... i'm sorry i didn't bring the list. I'll bring i t next week. We oughta think about bringing your wife into this. In here? Carmela? You're the one who wanted to take a more proactive approach. That's not in the future. Let's talk frankly. You demanded more of me. Fine. But you're not trying. Yeah, i know. The past. But shit happens in my daily life that needs attention now. I've got some genuine concerns... about my son. He shies away from anything that requires effort and i think maybe he picks that up from me. I mean, he's i n football now, right, but carmela's just as guilty about this as i am, 'cause she indulges him. Richard was right. I've been charmed by a sociopath. Why didn't i listen? Why, do you think? Why did i reject a good man like richard in the first place? If you think about my life, it's so textbook. Marry a man 10 years my senior, of course richard's gonna be protective and patriarchal. Then i reject him for being exactly that. There's nothing wrong with wanting to be safe, jen. It's a bas ic human need. I know richard's right. I should get tony soprano-- oh, shit. I always thought it was that other guy in the news. Little augie aprile. I can't believe i revealed his name. Why did you? Does richard know who he is? I think he saw it in my daytimer once. That's why he's been so adamant, because soprano is very high up. If he was just some button man you wouldn't be treating him? Elliot, please, huh, with the terminology? Jennifer... you know psychotherapy is limited in the treatment of anxiety disorder. Now, you've medicated soprano properly, you've helped him gain wha t insight he's able to absorb. It's time to send him on to a behaviorist. Janice! Janice! I was downstairs cleaning up. When did you change the locks? The minute that ukrain ian dye job was out the door. Don't mess with the russians, janice. That's all i'm gonna say. She can have her leg back when she returns ma's record collection. And don't say you wouldn't have done the same thing. I'm getting calls at my house from her cousin. Miss petrograd carburetor works of 1987? I can't have it. Don't fuck with me on this, janice. Give back the leg. Tony, those records, they're yours too. It's sad that you don't care. Those old albums... they're a window into ma's soul. In fact, i'm making a documentary. The world war ii generation and their music, exemplified by ma. Who the fuck are you kiddin'? You're gonna sell them on the internet. I have work to do. Yeah, right, cleaning up the cellar. Good luck finding the lost dutchman's gold mine, janice. You'd make more money working a real job. Right, like the minute i'm out of here, you're not gonna h ave contractors downstairs tearing apart the walls. Oh, janice... eh- eh- eh. You finished? I want to meet my bud at the gym, we're gonna spar. You got a girlfriend? You know who's turning into a little mink, though? That meadow soprano. Look at him perk up. I've known her since we were kids, for chrissake. Speaking of the royal family i heard you did a stick- up with christopher moltisanti. I wanted to fly down to south beach, see friends. My mom wouldn't pay. Don't worry, i'm not gonna tell her. Look, kid... i'm trying real hard here. I know it's tough on you. I'm the guy that's datin' your mom. Datin'? Don't get fuck in' filthy about it. Anyway, this... was a good idea she had. Us going out to dinner. Not that i think one conversation ever solved anybody's problems. I'm only here so i don't have to hear her bitching and crying. The gym, huh? Mind if i ma ke a stop first? My brother- in- law's out of town. He said you knew. I get the bad tempered one. Bashir sai d he told your man that this month payment could be late because we had problems with the trucks. Three of them needed new hydraulics. Well, nobody talked to me. He said yo u approved. You're collecting on my fuckin' routes, you gotta pay me a use fee. They're only your rout es because you say they are. You want to question a new jersey business practice that goes back 70 years? Hey! What is all this, ralphie? I oughta stick a shish kebab up your ass. Why do you provoke me, huh? This young buck... he'll fuck your wife until she moans. You fucking wop. You began it, huh? The fuck you call me? You bring my wife into this? Put it down! Hey, mister, come on! Hey! Ow! Get the fucking bat! You alright, he get you? Fuckin' asshole! School this prick. In the bread basket. Good, kid. Introduce him to his desk. You oughta take an anger management course. Fuckin' racial slurs. Why are you doing this to me? That's what you get for using a baseball bat. Let's go, kid. Yeah? Ginny? Tony soprano. Omigod, what's wrong with me? I'm a mess here with the moving. C'mon in, i'll get john. John! John, get down here, you got company! Oh, look who's here. The guinea welcome wagon. This is for yo u, you piece of shit. Carmela's bringing something nice to th e housewarming for ginny. They call this the great room. I don't see what's so great about it. It's mediocr e, if you ask me. We got a fucking living room right over there. I didn't know you were moving to jersey. Ginny wanted to be near her sisters, and the schools out here. We were sitting with carmine all night long, you never once mentioned you boug ht a place in jersey. It's not carmine's favorite subject, me living in jersey, but it's what, half an hour, 40 minutes over the bridge? Why didn't you tell me you were moving here? Why? I gotta find out second hand? The fuck do you care? What do you work in a toll booth now? Besides i already got the condo in point pleasant. You should hav e fuckin' told me. Ah, tony, i'm telling you now. This is strictly a place for me to live. I got no intention of stickin' my beak in. I mean, there's our family and then there's the soprano family. Well, don't i ge t to see the res t of this shit hole? Maybe you can help me unstick this rain bird. I'm a stranger in a strange land out here. Madonn', look at this pair. How many napoletans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? There's only candles in naples right now. The cardinal of the church controls that racket. That's a good one. You like it, you have can have it. Use it on your paesans. We don't have those bulb joke, they don't translate. Oh. Tony, i go get a cappuccino. Two thousand of that is mine. Fuckin' sand monkey on 17, he's holding out on us. So, you treat his brother- in- law to a ride in an ambulance. He said a very bad word. Lemme ask you something. Why would you take jackie's kid on something like that? Somebody's gotta show him how the real world works. Kid's got a chip on his shoulder, 23- years- old, he's still living at home. So, he can keep an eye on the pencil prick that's banging his mother. No matter how nice i am to that little bastard, he still hates me. Don't look at me. I got a daughter that age. It's all a fuckin' mystery. Amen. I was thinkin', being a parent, that's the hardest job. It's harder than this other shit we do. The garbage route, whatever. Like my first marriage, my kid, justin. Ralphie. I got some news you're not gonna like. I'm putting our friend in over there as captain. What? No, no. Fuckin' gigi, are you shitting me? I'm sorry. This bullshit with the arab, so, i went over the top, but i'll take care of it on a people level. You know this isn't the first thing. Well, then at least tell the truth, ton'. You want one of your own people over there so, he can spy on the aprile crew. Yeah. But i shouldn't have to. You got some bad tendencies, ralphie, and i sympathize 'cause i got'em too. But also, you're partnering up with joe brooklyn on that shit at the port. C'mon, tell me tha t was a bum decision. The bottom line speaks loudest. I'm earning my ass off for you. It's my decision. Jesus christ, ton'... i eat dinner at your house. This is business. See? Turned it off. Since we last met, i've been thinking about your course of therapy. You're the doctor. I think you're ready to move on to behavior modification therapy. What's that mean, talk to somebody else? Is this because of what happened last time? Look, i'm sorry, but like you said, it's hard to think about that stuff. It took me how long to remember it even happened. I realize that. You know, you're fucking unbelievable. I ask you to get serious in here, and when it gets hard, you pawn me off on somebody else? I'm just introducing the idea. Something for you to think about. I'm going to bring in some things for you to read about behavior modification therapy. Yes, richard. He was here earlier today. Yes, we talked about behavior mod. , but-- well, maybe you could. Listen, i told you i would discharge him and i will in my own good time. Richard, look. I'm going into the garage, i'm gonna lose you. I'll see you later. Shut up! Don't turn around. I said shut up. I got a knife, i'll cut you, bitch. Ah! Help! Get off! Shut up! I'll give you all my money! Shut up, shut up! No, come on! I'm gettin g the panties off. Stop it! I'm gonna fuck you, bitch. No! You fucking bitch! Stop it! Stop it! She's almost done, we just need a few more swabs. Oh, for godsake, jen. Richard. You're alright, you're gonna be alright. I thought that i... i broke my leg, but it's just really badly sprained. Jesus, oh, god. Bastard. Did they tell you that they caught him? Thank god. We apprehended somebody with the description at a popeye's chicke n not far from the scene. Of course, the jer k is denying it, but he had her palm pilot. Says he found it on the street. This is detective piersol. She's been great. There's no way to describe this. It's overwhelming. Of course. The sonofabitch, who is he? Jesus rossi. Rossi? Lives over in elizabeth. 28- years- old, no priors. Rossi, that' s an italian name. Am i missing something here? The girl said he was... puerto rican , that's all. I just want to take a shower, okay? We'll be done here soon. Alright. Mom! Jason. Jesus, mom. What did these lousy fuckers do? It's okay, i'm gonna be alright. I can't believe this shit, i'm gonna kill these motherfuckers. Jason-- fuck it, dad! The whole worl d is a fucking sewer! It's nothing, but a fucking sewer! It's a bunch of animal s out there running wild! And they're fucking winning! Jason, the police caught the man that did it, it's okay. I want five minute s with that asshole! Jason, this isn't helping. Your mother doesn't need to hear this, so stop it. Why don't you go outside and settle down? I'll be right out. Go ahead. Hello? Hello, may i speak to anthony soprano please? He's not available to the phone right now. Whom may i tel l him is calling? This is jennifer melfi. Is this mrs. Soprano? Yes, it is, dr. Melfi, how are you? Actually, that's why i'm calling. I need to cancel tuesday's appointment. Oh, he'll be so disappointed. Nothing serious, i hope. A little car accident, but i'm fine. Oh my god. I hope they had insurance. You weren't hurt, i hope? Well, my knee got the worst of it, but i'll be up and about in a couple of days. Well, i'll tell him. You stay off of it , you take care. Who ate the last piece of cake? Thank you, i will. Thank you for giving him the message. That's gotta b e some marriage. Hello, kate? This is jennifer melfi. I know talking on the phone upsets you, but i need to canc el our next appointment. Tell him what? That was your therapist. Why don't you just announce it on wfan? Go find some dust. She was in a car accident. She has to cancel your next appointment. She alright? She said she was okay, she hurt her knee. Her knee, really? What happened? I don't know , she didn't say. I hope she don't need stitches. Stitches on the knee, they never heal right. It could leave a very bad scar. Any knee injury can be very serious. You can get arthritis for the rest of your life. Ask joe namath. No, thanks. Listen, last time she mentioned that maybe you would come into my therapy... give your perspective on the panic attacks and kind of... our home life... whatever. Sure. But not no w, she's sick. They call yet? No, not yet. I would've thought they'd call by now. They said they'd call wh en they want us to come down. Well... the hell with it, i'm gonna call them. Where's that detective's card? They said they'd call. I don't wa nna bother them. I'm not gonna let you just wait here. I'm gonna call them. Hello, hi, det. Piersol? Oh... i'm on hold. Oh, she is? Oh, then maybe you can help me. This is dr. La penna. I'm calling for jennifer melfi. The rape. Right, det. Piersol was gonna call when you were ready for us to come down for the line- up. What, why not? What's going on? Well, why? That's absurd, that's ridiculous. Richard, what happened? It isn't even piersol. She's moved over to juvi. She never said anything about that. So, you just let him g o, are you fucking crazy? Yes, i do need to use this kind of language. Obviously... i don't fucking care if you're sorry. Richard! Fine, you do that. You people haven't heard the end of this. I'm contacting my attorney. Asshole! What happened? They mishandled the chain of custody, so, they had to let him go. What chain of custody? They let him go? Somebody misplaced the evidence kit for a little while or something. I don't know what the fuck they did, those stupid idiots. Did they just let him out until the trial, because i can identify him. It's a legal thing. I think they just have to let him skip. That's impossible. You must h ave misunderstood. Gimme the phone. I want to call them. I just told you everything he told me. Before or after yo u started cursing at him? Give me the phone, i wanna call them back. Alright, i'll call. Det. Lindheim, please? Yes, i'll hold. Now, it's not even the same cop. Hello, sergeant, dick la penna again. I want to apologize for losing my temper, but-- could i please have the phone? Just a second. Hello? I'm sorry, i don't understand what's going on. I don't know what you people did but i can identify him. I don't know what to say. I'm stunned. They... they had t o let him go because they fouled up the chain of custody. What am i gonna do? Well, you're gonna have to have someone escort you to your car at night. What's that supposed to mean? That's what the rape counselor woman told me. Deserted parking garages are where a huge percentage of these attacks happen. You think this is my fault. You blame me for w hat happened, don't you? How many times did i tell you to call the security guard when you left work late? It wasn't late. This isn't doing any good, jennifer. Let me tell you something. If i hadn't had be en on the phone withyou maybe i would've seen that guy in the stairwell. What? You and your fucking hard- on about my patient! So, it's my fault now, you should 've seen your face when you heard that that fucking shitbag that rapedme had an italian name. What? I registered surprise. You were the one who told the police he was a puerto rican. What differenc e does it make? Are you so asham ed of your background that any misdeed by an italian somehow damages your self esteem? This is so misdirected. The whole fucking world' s about your self esteem. Maybe you don't have enough. Jennifer, come on. Oh, fuck you, richard. Jen! So, how was ralphie, with you over him? He busts balls. Cute. Anyway, he played it like it was his idea to make me captain of the aprile crew. What else is he gonna do? Tony cut o ff his gazzis. Very prudently, ton'. Not that you ain't gonna hear mor e about that later. Most of the conversation was about johnny sack moving to jersey and all that there. Yeah, ginny sack told gabriella she needed a bigger house. Ginny sacrimoni? What she needs is her own zip code. New jersey's a small state, she moves in. She could tip it over. I like a woman you can grab onto something. You grab onto ginny sacrimoni, your fucking hands will disappear. She's so fat, he r blood type is ragu. She's so fat, she goes camping, the bears have to hide their food. When ginny hau ls ass, she's got ta make two trips. Two guys could fuck her at the same time and still never meet. Oh, johnny! Fuck who? What? What's so funny? Nothing, we're just talkin g about one of the girls. Is that all you deadbeats do over here, is talk about cooze? When we're not planting potatoes. Welcome to the garden state. You want a drink? I mean it, you don't keep up with current events? What? It's all ove r 1010 wins. It's right there in front of you. You fuckin' illiterates, turn it up. That's right, gary. After years of planning and delays, there's finally good news for newark. Coming from the ba nks of the passaic river where today state assemblyman, ronald zellman, held a press conference to announce the release of the first 25 million dollars in state and federal matching funds. 25 fuckin' million, maddon' mia! The time has come to return the city of newark and its waterfro nt to its past glory. By the year 2003, this long- neglected stretch of riverfront will be alive with condominiums, film studios, and public parks. A self- perpetuating revenue base. The 100 million dollar newark museum of science and trucking will serve to make this esplanade the destination attraction of the tri- state area... and beyond. This fuckin' busted valise. He's worth every cent of his cut. Fuckin' drywall contracts alone. Thank you very much. Jen, can i come in? I'm sorry. I'm just so frustrated. We both are. I just wanna go find that bastard and kill him w ith these hands, jen, and i could, and i would. But i can't. They'd put me in jail. That's how messed up things are. I know. You said satriale's at one. So, now you know how it feels. T, i know why i'm here and i apologize. I won't let it happen again. Don't step in that, that's my mother's flowers. I fuckin' asked you to watch out for jackie jr. I specifically said don't let the kid ge t involved in this thing. Now, i gotta hear about some joint on campus and jackie's a part of it. He only drove. I said i was sorry. But lemme tell you something, t, he was an asset. He pissed on the car seats, but he handle d himself very good. No cowboy shit, nothing. Are you listening to me? Leave him out of it. The fuckin' kid begged me for a taste. He's the heir apparent. I don't want him mixed up in this shit. I promised his old man. Oh. But it's alright for me? I didn't say that. What else did you say? That the life' s good enough for me, but not for little lord fuckpants? Look, he's not suited to it. He's not like you. Like us. Kids today, they're bored, they're spoiled. Look, i promised his old man. What? You promis ed him what? I don't know. I was his best friend. Don't bust my balls. I gotta go make a stop in nutley. Come here. I love you. You're a good boy. "Little lord fuckpants"? Whose moniker is that? I'm not sure it is a moniker. Hi. C'mon in. Jesus. What's the other guy look like? Jesus christ, must'v e been some accident. What happened? Oh, someone ran a stop sign on eisenhower parkway. It was just on e of those things. I know a woman with one leg. Terrible thing. Last time we met, we talked about getting you into some behavioral therapy. I brought a couple of things for you to look at. "Feel the fear and do it anyway". You gotta be fuckin' kidding me. The title leaves something to be desired-- it's okay, it's just your... it's okay, sorry. Sorry. You want me to... it startled me, that's all. Maybe you came back to work too soon. It's better for me to be busy. Right. I'm okay. Really. And i appreciate your concern. You see, that's what's wro ng with the world right there. An innocent person is driving along, minding their own business and some fuckin' asshole comes out and smashes into'em. You can't control everything that happens. But you can get pissed off. And then what, lose control? Who said anything about that? You direct your anger where it belongs. You have panic attacks. Panic occurs when feelings of anger, revenge, whatever, overwhelm you. That's where behavioral therapy comes in. It can teach you to control those triggers. Then how do you get people to do what you want? You tell your mother it's hers anytime she wantsit. How was your cousin's shower? It just sounded like a bunch of screaming to me. I was wondering whose z24 was sitting in the driveway. What, did you get a new car? Yeah. Where did i put the sleeves for that samovar? You want anything? Coke? No, i'm set, ton'. I heard about ralph cifaretto, that he got passed over. You heart about what? Who? I'm just saying, ralph, that was probably a smart move. I mean, the more i get to know him, he's kind of a cool guy, but-- this is none of your fuckin' concern. You told me you we re gonna go to college then i gotta h ear from chris the shi t i'm hearing about you? Oh, you didn't talk to chris. Oh, shit. That's right. I promised your dad. Don't make thi s hard on me, jackie. I already got one son to bust my balls. I'm home! Ma? Hey, jackie. What are you doing here? I'm waiting for you. What, i do n't get a hello? I need $200 for november to put in my student account. You don't talk to me for weeks, but my money's still green? I'm looking forward to total independence, believe me. African- americans go to columbia, dad. Some of them are my friends. Friend, my ass, under a blanket on my couch, watching television with his shoes off with you. Meadow, when did you get here? See you later, jackie, say hello to your mother. Come into the city, we'll do sushi. Don't worry, ton', i won't say anything about the mulignan. You just remember what we talked about. I'll have a chicken avocado wrap, no dressing. And a coke, please. One number three, dressing on the side. Thanks. Ah! Excuse me, wait a minute. Let go of me! Let the fu ck go of me! We don't want continuation. You give us leg, and we go. What leg? Don't do this to me! Don't push me to edge. Repent on yourself. Motherfucker, do you know i am? Do you know wh o my brother is? Mother what? What did you say? Motherfuck-- those records were all i had to remember my mother by. What could they possibly mean to her? A few pennies? Are you people really so callous? Fuck you, you are callous. Ah! Oh, my god! Help me, please! Ah! I felt such a sense of relief. I felt safe for the first time since it happened. Empowered. The vending machine. My guilt for putting myself in harm's way. I read about that too. That honeymooner in gainesville, florida, who rocked a vending machine and it fell on top o f him and killed him. The dog, though... i don't know. The forbidden part of your psyche, murderous rage. Yeah, but at first, i thought he was after me. The door said "danger". Actually, no. It said,"high voltage, "call n- j- g- e before digging." Jersey gas and electric. Was richard anywhere in all this? No. Oh, my god. The dog. What? A rottweiler, elliot. Big head, massive shoulders. Direct descendants of the dog used by the roman armies to guard their camps. I didn't know that. And digging? Who do i dig with and who's dangerous? Who could i sic on that sonofabitch to tear him to shreds? Oh. Lemme tell you something. No feeling has ever been so sweet as to see that pig beg and plead and scream for his life. Because the justice system is fucked up, elliot. Richard's got his attorney looking into this at $300 an hour, but meanwhile that employee- of- the- month cocksucker is back on the street and who's gonna stop him, you? Jennifer... civilization-- oh, don't worry. I'm not going to break the social compact. But that's not saying there's not a certain satisfaction in knowing that i could have that asshole squashed like a bug... if i wanted. What happened? Janice. I can't drive. And they broke three ribs. What did i tell you, hmm? I told you not to mess with those people. I was supposed to be married at this point in my life. Yeah, so? The man i loved died. This is all i fucking need. Thanks, janice. What? What do you mean, what? They slapped my sister around. Oh. I'm gonna have to get payback. It's always something with you, isn't it? Every time i hear your voice on that phone, i know it's gonna cost me. Time, money. You never do anything to simplify my life. I stole a woman's prosthetic leg, tony. When did i get like this? You really want to know? When richie died. Till that time, i was functioning at a very high level. I think there's on ly one trajectory for me. Really? God. See what i mean? All this soul searching, janice, it's always on my fuckin' dime. I've hit bottom, tony. But it's odd... 'cause i feel bo rn again in the lord. Hmm. And i pray togod and i asked him to forgive svetlana for what she's done. Janice, we've been here before. With vishnu and richard fuckin' alpert and the coyote spirit. And you know what it always spells? Trouble... for the rest of us. So, put your fuckin' clothes on. Seriously, 'cause i gotta get the fuck out of here. I give myself up utterly and totally to god. If this is the bottom. If not... you can go now. Billing needs to see you. Follow the blue line. Carmela... gorgeous as ever. My god, this house. You already got one. Jesus. Move to jersey, okay, but maybe take a little bit of a halfway step. Fuckin' wife of mine. Gentlemen, wha t we do in life... echoes i n eternity. He's fucking obsessed with "gladiator". C'mon, it's a great fucking film. Streng th and honor. Scotch... and soda. As long as you're on the way to the bar. Ball breaker. J & b, right, ton'? T... what do you think a pl ace like this set john back? Who gives a shit? Fucking landscapin' alone's gotta be 100, 150 g's. And to keep up this lawn. Property taxes , and you gotta pay those. Taxes. Why don't they use the money to fix the godda mn air traffic controllers? Fightin' terrorism, that's what we should do. How about that fucki ng stampede in zimbabwe? Fuckin' soccer game. No assigned seating, always a problem. You're not usi ng the cane anymore. I've been... making my list. I even... bought a little notebook. Good, that's good. And i've been thinking abo your behavioral therapy idea. Maybe yo u got a point. I could use some help with a few things and if they can help me there, you know, i should go there. No. You sure about that? Because the last couple of times, i've been gettin g the distinct feeling that you were giving me the boot. Oh! What's the matter? Hey, hey , hey, c'mon. C'mon, what did i do? C'mon, huh? Hey, hey, hey, hey. What, what'd i do, what's the matter? Tell me, what's the matter? Go sit over there. We'll do this. Go! It's just my knee. It's okay, go on. What? I mean, you want t o say something? No. Captions copyright 2001