I'll never get Used to seeing that. Won't have to Much longer. Got you scheduled For surgery tomorrow. finally close you up. - more surgery? - it's a good sign.</i> Dr. Plepler doesn't think He'll need access anymore. - watch it with the morphine, now.</i> Beautiful thought. Who put that up? My sister. Who else? Why you keep it up there If you don't find it Inspirational? My daughter likes it. Everybody keeps telling me How lucky i am. You are. Septic shock? As long as you were out? Attending staff Gave you 20 to one. You read the paper? My own uncle Puts me through this. New gunshot. Rapper. Da lux. He's hot. Got shot seven times Coming out of a club. He's still got All his pancreas, though. All done. Fiona. Look, I've been feeling... I don't know, Not myself, Since i woke up From the coma. My thoughts keep Running away with me. These feelings? They'll pass. It's very common In post-surgical Patients. Maybe you'd like To talk to someone. Social worker? hey babe, how ya feeling? Oh, good good. That candy striper out there, There's not much of a selection. There was something On "sink the bismarck," But half the pages were gone. But you like dinosaurs. Having surgery tomorrow. They say they're Closing me up. Gus! Jason, My condolences. Your dad was The best boss Any of us ever had. We're sad to hear You're selling The company. I've been going Over the books. We're paying An anthony soprano The second highest salary In the company. He's a consultant. Where do i reach him? I want to make some changes, But his office is Full of junk. There's a 55-horse Johnson outboard On the desk. Looks like nobody's Ever there. He's in the hospital. You should talk To his colleague, Mr. Gaultieri. paulie? Oh, tony soprano. Of course.</i> I knew him when i was a kid. He was a friend Of the family. I'm having surgery tomorrow. I'm not supposed to eat! You fucking Believe this? Always something. So anyway, She was crying The entire night And i didn't get Any sleep. Why don't you ride On the fucking zephyrs And sleep on a cloud? What, you think I put that up there? - i didn't. - right. Who did? Hello. I can't hear-- Yeah-- talk louder! Nanny. Between the reception And her language skills... I suppose you got A little choo-choo train At home, huh? Takes your toast Right from the kitchen, Delivers it to your bedroom? Look, ton'-- i'm sorry about what Happened with junior and the Shooting, but-- Don't mention junior To me ever again. I'll tell you this, bobby. You can't hide behind this Brother-in-law shit forever. You're an okay guy, But each and every man Is judged on his own merit. - have you heard the good news?</i> - jesus christ! That's right. Aaron arkaway, Jan's friend. Oh yeah, right. We're protesting Downstairs and... I saw jan in the elevator This morning. She told me You were up here. That's what all That yelling and Singing is? The druggist From the hospital Pharmacy was fired For refusing To fill birth control Prescriptions. We're trying To get his job back. Tony, this is Our prayer leader, Bob brewster. Hi, aaron's told me A lot about you. I thought we'd come up And pray with you. - bottom feeding, huh? - it's where the big fish are. Son of a fuckin' bitch! They cut my morphine, Trying to wean me off. You know, I've seen People delivered from Unbelievable pain... Myself included. - oh yeah? - i was at rock bottom.</i> I  was addicted To cocaine and strippers. Then  i lost my wife And i crashed my car, Drunk. Ended  up upside down, Hanging by my seatbelt, Completely terrified. then i prayed for god to save me. - and he came in.</i> - praise him. and in that moment, i was reborn.</i> And i see you there And i know you're hurting. And the answer Is to accept the lord As your personal savior. Well i got All this covered, you know, With my parish priest. That's  great, But what god wants Is for you To love him directly, Not necessarily through The intercession of liturgy Or any human agent. Is this Aaron arkaway? - hey. - what are you fellas doing here? - mrs. Soprano. We were just dialoguing With your husband. We were about to pray. - they were. - you're having surgery tomorrow.</i> You know they've done Clinical studies about The power of prayer. Prayed-for patients Have 11% fewer Complications. I  have read that. It does help to pray. I mean even if it just Takes your mind off it. Dear jesus... hear these words and bestow your loving, healing grace</i> Upon our injured friend. Lord, help heal his wounds And help him With your cleansing love. Where sin abounds, Grace abounds even more. - amen. - amen. So, reverend, Let me, uh-- Let me ask you about This guy not selling Birth control. He should be free To exercise his moral Convictions Without suffering Loss of livelihood. Well here's What i'm getting at-- I'm-- i'm... I'm worried About viagra. The way i see it, i'm gonna need Plenty of that, considering My condition and... What if somebody decides That viagra is wrong And god don't like it? Well, god loves Procreation. no one's saying anything against viagra.</i> Birth control in the name Of the morning-after pill Is a sin Because it strikes At life, at the unborn. yeah but what if somebody goes after viagra?</i> I'm not talking about procreation And listen up, 'cause this affects You too. Something like viagra Will never be an issue. Excuse me, but at one time They were going after booze, And as a proprietor Of a drinking and eating Establishment, i take this stuff very seriously.</i> Strip club, I believe it is. - oh, you've been to the bing? - no He should rest. Thank you so much For coming, pastor, And aaron. Thank you so much For your prayer. - sure. - yeah, really i... - i really appreciate it. - bye, guys. praise god. - what are you, a wise ass? - what? What'd i do? - oh my god. - what is it, doctor? - i just found jimmy hoffa. In montana, The fossilized remains Of a tyrannosaurus rex Yielded soft tissue that Indicated a definite link Between dinosaurs And modern birds. - look who i got here. - ho, the sanitation prince. Hi, tony. I'm sorry You're not feeling well. Thank you. Sorry about your loss. Your father and i Were very close. Remember my daughter Meadow? Jason barone. - hi. - hey. remember when you were a kid,</i> At that field box At shea, opening day? Me, you, your dad And paulie here? Oh yeah. Kingman was Just back from the cubs. Mookie wilson hit That foul tip, beaned That guy in the loge. - i gotta get to the office. finn's picking me up. - i'll be back later. - sweetheart, Thank you For everything. Okay. Don't wear him out. She wants to be a doctor. Also considering law. So, you're living In deer valley? Yeah, ski instructor. So, paulie tells me You're thinking of selling Your father's business To chuckie cinelli. Yeah, i think it's The best thing for mom. And  of course, tony, There'd be a severance Package for you. - frankly, jason, i don't think You should sell the business right Now. there's a lot of potential buyers out there.</i> When i get out Of the hospital, Run the numbers, Get you The best price. No, cinelli's offer Seemed fair. there's lots of things to take into account.</i> - you even know what your ebitda is? - my what? Earnings  before interest, Taxes, depreciation And amortization. Gives the true picture Of a company's Profitability. Jas', you let me Handle this. I don't want To see you get hurt. The carting business-- It's a different Corporate culture. You're  tired, t. We'll leave. Come on. All right. Bye, tony. We're afraid She doesn't have Long left. I'm surprised she Didn't call ma. Well she asked Specifically To see you. Ooh, madonn'. Paulie. Aunt dottie. Hold on a sec'. - it's chilly in here. - i'm burning up. i'm burning up. I brought you Some pignolis and... A new pair of those Speedo skin-diver Socks you like. Look at those. The treads are all gone. You slip On the linoleum again, Then where are we? - paulie, i gotta tell you-- - just a sec. Sister, please Give me a hand here. Put these On my aunt, will ya? Paulie, You should know... - speak up, aunt dot. - i was... - i was a bad girl. - how could you be a bad girl? - you're a nun. - these are too small. No they ain't. They're supposed to be snug So she don't slip. - put 'em on. - paulie...</i> During the war, I was still a novitiate. I was helping out At the u.s.o., And there was This soldier-- russ. And he was So lonely-- Aunt dottie, If this is going Where i think, Maybe you should Talk to a priest. I got pregnant. - i had a baby. - a baby? Listen to her. The alzheimer's Is gettin' to her. You didn't have No baby. I did. I did have a baby. Paulie... It was you. You're my son. But... But ma...? Marianuccia Is your aunt. i'm your ma. I was a bad girl. Good afternoon, mr. Soprano. How are you doing? - better now. - i'm glad to hear that. Where they been Keepin' you? The other doctors around here-- It's like the united colors Of benetton. I'm not a doctor. I'm a utilization Review specialist. I represent Your insurance carrier. It's my job, Together with Your physicians, To see how fast we can Get you out of this Place and back home. Well this is good. They've closed Your incision And you're ambulatory Now and i see they Got the foley out. You wanna kick Me out of here. Well a hospital stay Costs a lot of money. My  bowels don't work. I'm in pain. I just got operated on, For christ's sake. Perhaps your bowels Would be working better If you hadn't tried to eat The sausage sandwich on 3/28. I don't believe this. With all the money i've been Contributing over the years, You  wanna put me In the street. Look, you think We're the enemy, But if you hadn't had insurance, You would have ended up At the county hospital. It's a good thing that you had your Card with you when they performed The wallet biopsy. - the what? - in the ambulance. If  you hadn't had your card with you, They would have dropped your butt At martin luther king. The "wallet biopsy"? Get out of my room, You sick cunt. You're doing great. Mrs.oprano? Doctor taschlin's On the phone for you. Can you sit here For a minute, ton'? Yeah, i'm winded. He says he's Downhearted. I  tried to explain To him There's an upside To everything. I know it's A difficult struggle, But let's lead With some good news For a change. Yeah. "armor gettin'" cd Is now charting Number five, arrow up. Look, frankly the shooting Couldn't have come At a better time. Yeah, But it really hurts. Sure it does, baby boy. Sure it does, but check it. Seven caps! Tupac ain't get near that. And 50, He only got two more. yeah, but it really hurts. It's helping considerably With the street cred, Which, as you know, Has always been something Of a problem Because you had A job all those years. I'm gonna Lose my thumb? Special hand surgeon Coming in. you gonna be all right, lux.</i> Don't put on that face. It don't make me weep. Keep your eyes To yourself, You sexy freak. Nah, i like it better. Keep your eyes To yourself, bitch. I'm on a murder streak. - word, word. - yeah, kinda warn her ass, you know what i mean? - yeah, that's fine. - you writing a song, huh? I always wondered How it was done. Like this here. are you a rap star my son would know?</i> Da lux gonna Produce my album. Then he gets shot. Make him gangsta Number one. It's like he losing Focus on my shit. My son says he's More popular than ever 'Cause of it. What i know is I ain't gonna have... No major release This year. Paulie, I won $40 at keno. Is there something You wanna tell me about? What? I just saw aunt dottie, And guess what? Turns out she's not my aunt. Turns out she's my mother. No, that's not true. Don't bullshit me. You been bullshitting Me my entire life. - paulie. - it's true, isn't it? isn't it? Son of a bitch! Oh how i dreaded This day. I  gave you Everything! I gave you A son's love, All under False pretense. - no. - you're a fraud, And a phony. And she's even worse. She's a whore. My mother's A fuckin' whore! Don't say that. She was a young girl. She wanted to be a nun, But she got in trouble. And you helped her out, Cooked up this little scheme. Forget  who gets victimized! I loved you. I always loved you. There he is. I've been thinking About your problem. Maybe it would help you If you got shot.</i> Fuck you talking 'bout? "got shot"? Make you more popular too, You know raise your profile With ex lax. Something easy. The fleshy part Of the thigh. - i'm a marksman. - you's a crazy motherfucker. Excuse me. Hi. You're a friend Of anthony's. I was just about To visit him. How's he doing? He's in a lot better shape Than those fuckin' nuns You got up there. put away such memories. between father and son, there is a bridge</i> which neither time nor death-- Hey, i got phil leotardo downstairs</i> This show... Used to watch it all the time when I was a little kid. - what about it? - the bridge of which i speak, grasshopper. - you want me to bring him up? - no. Help me out of here. Hold on. Easy easy. Ho! Where the fuck You going? Sorry, ton'. Hope you got Some sleep last night. I was snoring Like a son of a bitch. Oh, i hope you got Some sleep. I was cutting Farts like sonic booms. John schwinn. Oh, bicycle heir. Unfortunately no relation. I was just a foot soldier At bell labs. Oh, you guys Invented stereo. - tony soprano. What're you in for? - sinus infection. They were going to enlarge The opening in my lower Right maxillary sinus, And then they saw Some stuff they didn't like, So they're running tests. Another guinea pig. Thank you For giving my kid That cd. Tony soprano? - original g. - yeah, whatever. Why don't you come by My joint later on tonight? Gonna have the fight On satellite. Not even a courtesy call, And you try to poach my company? No disrespect, tony. You've been in a coma. That give you Carte blanche? It's that fucking john. He's sitting in the can. the feds are trying to take everything he's got. - he's in a panic state.</i> - i'm sensitive to that. But whatever happens To barone sanitation, I gotta be kept on. I need that w-2. And as you can see, I'm facing a long Convalescence here. And barone is my secondary Insurance carrier. I need it. John's gonna Take care of you. You know that, tony. But what you're asking? 25% of the sale price, Years' salary Till retirement, Plus skim? Look, i don't Wanna argue. I'm not well, So i'll give john A break on the skim. Getting two g's A week now. How many stops We base that on? Ho! How many stops? - 11. - the fuck you talking about?! it's at least 25. - 25. All right, Take the skim on 20. 1,500 a week, But i stay on The payroll as is. All i can do is deliver The message, anthony. You got your head Up your ass today. - what's going on? - my aunt dottie's been sick. Call i got? She just died. Sorry. You were close? Your mom's sister Or your dad's? Mom's. - she must be broken up, huh? Here we are. Guess your brother And sister coming in? Your aunt, She's the nun. - always wondered. They got hair Under there? Yeah, short. Well maybe you don't Wanna talk about it. Those wedding rings They wear... Are they really Married to jesus? So i understand. T, this is the guy, The paramedic. "wallet biopsy"? Nice. Very nice. These people Are saying i took money From your wallet? Fuck that. Whoa whoa whoa. What'd you say? I was looking for proof of Insurance. I was only doing My job. - they heard a lot of that at nuremburg. You owe me two k. It was gone from my wallet. I don't have That kind of money. One week, rudy diaz, Or you'll need A paramedic.</i> Oh, nice of you to come by. We'll see you next week, huh? All this activity, tony, Are you getting any rest? Absolutely. The guys Are just leaving. Carmela. So, you two Came together. You talking now? Mom apologized to me. And he got a job At blockbuster. Good. Well i'm glad To see you made up. fucker keeps dropping his hands.</i> Your boy's Getting tired. Fool's costing me 50 g's. who you place your action with?</i> - pinnacle. - online? What price they give You on alvarez? 350. damn! Hold the motherfucker Steady! My friend here'll Give you 375. Right, paulie? HE DON'T EVEN WANNA FIGHT, MAN.</i> Wonder what kind Of health insurance He's got. It's a life of abuse. Yes, well he Is a boxer. It's the same For everybody. Look at you, t. You do your uncle A kindness, You get shot For your efforts. You think you got family, But in the end, They fuck you too. He's grieving. His aunt just died. I tell ya, we each And every one of us, We're alone in the ring, Fighting for our lives, - just like that poor prick. - well, that's one way to look at it. - you got a better one? - don't get me started. it's complicated. You think i'm stupid?! It's actually an illusion Those two boxers are Separate entities. - what the fuck? - illusion? Their separate entities Is simply the way we choose To perceive them. - i didn't chose nothing. - schwinn: it's physics.</i> Schr dinger's equation. The boxers, you, me-- We're all part of the same Quantum field. You ever substitute teach At carver middle school? He's a rocket scientist, For christ's sake. Bell labs. Shit. Lift it up, Nigga! You were saying? Well, think Of the two boxers As ocean waves Or currents of air, Two tornadoes, say. They appear to be Two things, right? Two separate things. But they're not. Tornadoes are just Wind, the wind stirred up in different directions.</i> The fact is, Nothing is separate-- Everything's connected. Everything is everything. - i'm down with that. - get the fuck out of here. - schwinn: the universe is just one big soup of molecules... ...bumping up against one another.</i> The shapes we see Exist only in our Own consciousness. Keshawn, don't make me Come over there. You'reo fucking smart, Fix that tv. Besides the financial Ramifications, He says there's The issue of his w-2 And health insurance. That selfish prick. I'm sitting in here Facing a shitstorm And all he can think About is himself?! As far as The sale's concerned, That ship has sailed. It's going through, And as a friend, I would appreciate Tony's help. Because he's a friend, Here's what i'm willing To do. Cinelli will retain Him as waste management Consultant for two years. During that time, He can keep his fucking w-2 And his health insurance. Plus 5% Of the sale price. And we lease him A new car. Are you fuckin' Kidding me? I told them i need That w-2 in perpetuity, And 5% of the fucking Sale price?! He thinks 'cause i'm In this weakened condition, He can take advantage. Well he can go Fuck himself. I'm just telling you What phil told me, ton'. You tell jason before he sells, He better understand his obligation! What's up, paulie? Since even with tony's advice, You seem determined to sell Your father's company, There's something You should know. - whatever happens, we gotta be taken care of. - yeah, of course. I'm going to honor whatever Provisions are in the contract.</i> Fuck the contract. Tony's given years Of his life to that company, And he expects To be duly compensated. Johnny sack sure as shit Ain't gonna perform. - who? - mr. Cinelli's waste management consultant. And since johnny sack Ain't gonna step up, Guess what? It's coming out Of your ass. You know, I'm starting to feel A little intimidated. As well you should, My friend. A man who teaches skiing For a living Ought to look after His physical condition, Wouldn't you say? His knees. Kid, You wouldn't be in this Situation if you'd listened to tony In the first place. He's looking out for you. He doesn't wanna see You get hurt. I got a lot on my Mind these days. I don't need This shit. Jason, we shook hands. A deal's a deal. There's lifetime employees Who expect compensation. It's only equitable. Now if you're willing to take care Of that, maybe we could still work Things out. Tony soprano, right? Fuck that and fuck him. He's your problem. - look, the numbers just don't work. Jason! I'm going To the buffet table. Be right there, mom. If i give tony what he wants, I lose money on the sale. - i can't do that to my mom. - kid, you work it out any way you want, But nobody's backing out of the deal. Mr. Cinelli, i'm sorry, But the bottom line is i'm Not selling the company to you. There are other buyers Out there. Tony was quite Clear about that. I'll tell you The fuckin' bottom line, Laddy buck. The barone routes are now cinelli Routes. That's that. T. Horrible thing. They brought this Little girl in, she's got third degree burns on 80% of her body.</i> You wouldn't believe The week i've had. What? There's a little girl Burned in there. - jesus christ. - sorry, t. No. Now what the fuck Is with you? And i want some answers, 'Cause you're starting To drive me fuckin' nuts. This remains between us? 'Course. My aunt who died-- She wasn't my aunt. She was my mother. What? Your aunt, the nun... Was your mother? Some cocksucker g.i. Knocked her up During the war. Russ. - so what was your mother? - my ma's my aunt. She adopted me To hide the family shame. Believe this shit? All i did for her. Not only is my ma Not my ma, Who the fuck even knows Who this russ bastard is? Worst thing, I'm not who i am. It's like my whole Life is a joke, A big fuckin' Joke on me. - what's going on? - this ain't your route no more. It's ours. Cinelli. What do you mean? I have this route For five years. Stupid fuck. Fuck this. Poppi! Who's there? Oh, hi paulie. You didn't go To your mother's funeral. It's a sin. Some mother. Even a rat don't abandon Its own children. No, you should Feel sorry for her. She's gonna have To face st. Peter With this stain On her. - i hope she rots in hell! - don't say that! And you. I was your meal ticket, The goose With the golden eggs! Look at this place. Who set you up here? Not that fuckin' Brother of mine Or rose. They never provided You with shit! Well, your real children Can start now. I went without, So you could have. The mink coat, The massage chair From sharper's image, The flat screen tv. $2,000 bucks For a woman i don't Even know! Paulie, please. You're on your own. I never wanna see you again. I told you. It's a different Corporate culture. I tried to redefine The deal. You shouldn't have made The deal without talking To me in the first place! Well goddamn it, How was i supposed to know? I made it perfectly clear: Give up part of your profits. Thanks to you, A man is beaten Half to death... While his little boy Was watching. and it's all over the media!</i> It's not fair. The business belongs To my family. "fair"? You fuckin' believe This shit? You remind me of my kid. Talk to the katrina victims About fair. Talk to paulie here. He'll tell you about fair! - absolutely. - you're worse than my son! - get him the fuck outta here! How was i supposed to know? My family kept me In the dark. What kind of pathetic Fuckin' excuse is that?! Don't you communicate? You make me sick, You fucking baby. Shoot me one time, One time only, You heard? Fleshy part Of the thigh, Like you said. There's only 7,000 here. I said eight. Hey hey hey, i get my Little brother to do it For less, believe that. Trust me, you gotta go Outside the family for Something like this. You don't want People knowing. That way you can blame it On dr. Droop or whoever. 7,000's all i got. I don't wanna know When it's coming. You decide. Get this... It says here that If the history Of the planet Was represented By the empire state Building, The time That human beings Have been on earth Would only be A postage stamp At the very top. You realize How insignificant That makes us? I don't feel that way. There he is. - hi, chris. - hesh, how are you? Great to see you Looking so robust. - hey. - how you doing? - beth wanted to come. - yeah, sure. - hi, tony. - hey. So how's eli? I hear that With the physical therapy, They got him using a walker. He's doing better. Thank you. Hey, tony. Okay to visit? Yeah yeah, sure. My nephew christopher; Pastor bob. Hesh rabkin, His daughter beth. - how you feeling? - physically, a little better than i was. So maybe you're right. That prayer business works. I brought you something. - "born again." - charles colson. The watergate guy. Friend of mine Did time with him. A ruthless, powerful man Who thought he was Above the law. He committed crimes And then went to prison. And then he found jesus, And everything changed. Became a different man. Yeah, so? Salvation Isn't just about Being saved from hell After you die. it's also about being saved from yourself while you're still alive.</i> I hope when you get Out of the hospital That you'll join us At the church of the open Door of the redeemer. Well it must be nice To have something To hold onto. Maybe. Dinosaurs. My kids can't get enough. Yeah yeah, me too. Every since i saw King kong kick their ass In the original. My son loves Dinosaurs too. - that's interesting. - what? Some people would Have you believe Dinosaurs existed Millions of years ago. It's just not true. God created the earth 6,000 years ago. And i tell my kids, You have to remember, Dinosaurs and human beings Lived on the earth At the same time. What, like "the flintstones"? It's in the bible. Yeah but what About all that Carbon-dating stuff? A lot of scientists Would disagree with you. Well i think you'll find All those people have An agenda, tony-- Evolution, which is Satan's plan to deny god. Evolution and salvation Are mutually exclusive. Guy next door's a scientist. Think he'd disagree With you big time. Then that man's Not saved. Read about mr. Colson. We'll talk later. What's he saying? There were dinosaurs Back with adam and eve? - i guess. - no way.</i> t rex in the garden of eden?</i> Adam and eve would be running All the time, scared shitless. But the bible says It was paradise. you can disagree with evangelicals,</i> But they're great friends Of the jews Because israel Is the holy land. You wait. Hey, how ya doing? - hi. - i'm gonna go to the bathroom. Your color's better. So mr. Wizard, You were talking About tornados. You know what The indians say About the wind? - no. - they say that sometimes  we go Around feeling pity for ourselves, But behind our back, A great wind Is carrying us. We don't see we're part Of a much bigger reality. - then we die. - why are you so interested in all this? I was in this coma And, uh... Look, i don't Remember nothing, But before i woke up, I felt like I was being pulled Towards something. And i don't Wanna go back. And my wife told me I woke up at one point And said, "who am i? Where am i going?" Kinda makes you wonder, About heaven and hell. That presupposes a duality Of good and evil. You know it gets us Back to the idea Of separate, Opposing entities. You know where i go With that. But this bible guy I know says you're Going to hell.</i> Maybe he's right. Got my test results back. Laryngeal cancer. Jesus, i'm sorry. You know i was thinking, Maybe you could Do me a favor And, uh, you know What's the term, "whack" me? Sorry, bad joke. - walking alone again. - what, i'm gonna wait for vito? Hour and a half To take a dump, That guy. Could build a jetty With what comes out. Little paulie tells me You didn't go to your Aunt's funeral. And i'll tell you Something else-- I'm done with nucci. Four g's a month For that nursing home? Fuck that. - what are you gonna do, throw her out on the street? - way i see it, Serves her right. What the fuck, paulie? That woman loved you. She fed you. How many times she Bail you out of the can When you were a kid? Huh? Am i right? I'll tell ya What really fries me-- It's not nucci. It's dottie. I know to your way Of thinking, you didn't Have a great mother-- - all i'm saying, Livia, with all her faults, Never abandoned you. For christ's sake, paulie. You know what your Problem is? You go around In pity for yourself. You think You got it bad. You're not stuck in some hospital Room with fucking tubes coming Out of you. You can eat food Like a normal person. - t, I never meant To trivialize your Situation. Well you gotta Get beyond this petty Bullshit, paulie. You're part of something bigger. when you gonna learn that?</i> - my ass! - marvin?! Ow! They shot me In my ass! They shot me in my ass! Pearl's oyster bar-- The lobster roll. Listen, ton'. That package, From vito and paulie? I have to believe That there was more there. Sure. So? Vito especially Is somebody you Should watch. - mr. Soprano? Good morning, Mrs. Soprano. Ah, the bird of prey. Okay, it looks like Your last drainage tube Is coming out today. Dr. Plepler says You're stable and the pain Is manageable So that's good news. You're husband's Coming home. - are you sure he's ready? - what does she give a shit? She's trying to save a buck. Hold on a minute. Guy next door-- Mr. Schwinn. Had surgery This morning, cancer. You know anything About it? I heard they Removed his larynx. "gitanos". That's a mexican word For gypsies.</i> Tony? How are you? Hey! All right. I made you Some stuffed zucchini. - he can't eat that. - oh oh, i'm sorry. It was thoughtful Anyways. Listen, my condolences Regarding dick. - you get my flowers? - oh yeah. They were beautiful. - have a seat. - oh thank you. Uh, jas told me About the conversation You had. I can only imagine How upset you must be. Well it is a very Unfortunate situation. Jason just doesn't understand How the business works. - that's for sure. - no, it's not his fault. It's my fault. Dick and i purposely Kept him in the dark. Blame me, not him. You're not involved In this, helen. I was too wrapped up In my own grief. I didn't realize... He's my boy, tony. It's my baby. It'd kill me If anything happened To him. what are you talkin' about? Tony, please.</i> You have a son. I'm begging you. Helen, believe me, Nothin's gonna happen To him. I'm his mother, tony. I love him. if anyone has to pay for this, let it be me.</i> how many times i gotta tell you? it's gonna be fine.</i> but, tony, do i have your word?</i> Yeah. Yeah yeah, You got my word. Especially good week This week. Good. I know How good you feel. I was only in the hospital Overnight. I couldn't wait To get out. Hold on. You wanna go in, Say goodbye? I wanted to make sure You had this before You checked out. Whoa whoa. Not here. It's all right. Let's go. - ton'? - let's go. I'm gonna go get the car. I'll follow you home. Supposed to be dead. Now i'm alive. I'm the luckiest guy In the whole world. Listen, after this... From now on, Every day is a gift. I'm gonna go get the car. Tony? Phil leotardo Is here to see you. - 10 minutes. You're supposed To be resting. Hey, blondie. It's all you, you know. The reason i'm back here. No, it's not just me By any means. Thank you For saying that. Johnny doesn't want Another unfortunate Incident. He's willing to let You keep your paycheck And your w-2 for 10 years. To replace the skim, He'll jack up your share Of the sale price To 12%. No more skim. Truth be told, There's enough garbage For everybody. - does that mean we got a deal? - yeah, we got a deal. Be well. Aw, fuck! - guess what, fuckin' mama's boy?! You're kicking up Four grand to me Every month. I don't care If you're in deer valley Or death valley! Four grand, Every goddamn month! And if you ever mention A word of this to tony, I'll stick this Up your ass And pull the trigger Till the bullets come Out your eyes. Sync : CFS-MP3