to south park? ? Gonna have myself a time? ? Friendly faces everywhere? ? Humble folks without temptation? ? Going down to south park? ? Gonna leave my woes behind? ? Ample parking day or night? ? People spouting "howdy neighbor"? ? Headed on up to south park? ? Gonna see if i can't unwind? ? So come on down to south park? ? And meet some friends of mine? ? I walk hand-In-Hand with je-Sus? ? Over at the park by where he lives? ? I tell him all my problems? ? And sometimes he tells me his? ? What a friend i have in je-Sus? ? I can say that honestly? ? He's not like all my other friends? ? Who really don't care about me? ? A-Amen? Bor-Ring! And now, mr. Mackey will read his favorite psalm for us, psalm 46. Uh, god is our refuge and strength, m'kay. A very present help in trouble, m'kay. Hey, you guys, you know what my favorite psalm is? "It's a man's obligation "To stick his boneration in a woman's separation This sort of penetration will increase the population of the younger generation." God is in the midst of her, m'kay. She shall not be moved, m'kay. Wait, wait, wait! "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in the woman's- "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation To increase the population of the younger generation." "Mrph rm rmph rmhrmh rmhr rmhph rm rmhpr- No, no, no, "separation". "It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's-M" Boys, you are in church! Ah! The god of jacob is our refuge, m'kay. Thank you, mr. Mackey, hello, everyone. Today, we are going to talk about... Hell! Hell is not a very nice place. Burning, searing, flames, Screaming, torture... for eternity! Once you are in hell, you cannot escape. You live forever in horrible pain. In burning agony! All sinners are there in misery, Dying over and over and over! If you be cast down into this black bog of stench Then woe is thou! For satan has made it the most miserable place in the universe! And he will be your ruler! Your ruler of pain and agony! ? Are we going to the hukilau? ? The huki huki huki huki hukilau? ? Are we going to the hukilau? ? The huki huki huki huki huki hukilau? ? Everybody loves a hukilau? I do! ? Where the lau lau is the kau kau at the luau? ? We throw our nets out into the sea? ? All the ama-Ama come swimming to me? ? Are we going to the hukilau? ? The huki huki huki huki hukilau? ? Are we going to the hukilau? ? The huki huki huki huki huki hukilau? ? Everybody loves a hukilau? ? Where the the lau lau is the kau kau at the luau? ? We throw our nets out into the sea? ? All the ama-Ama come swimming to me? ? Are we going to the hukilau? ? The huki huki huki huki hukilau? ? Huki huki lauuuuuuuu? Yeah! Oowww! Heh-Heh! Great luau, satan! Thanks, see ya, gary! Thanks for coming, oh, bye, marsha! Satan, a few of us are gonna go pound some brews, you wanna join us? Oh i'd love to, mr. Matthau, but i can't. Chris and i just moved to the west side And we have to unpack. Oh well, maybe next time, great luau! Bye! Chris? Yeah? Did you, uh, see my "boy with an umbrella" hummell? Uh, no, but there's still some boxes coming from the movers. Oh, okay, thanks. Oh, that must be them now. Just put the boxes by the- Hello, satan! Saddam! Did you miss me, buttercup? No, it can't be, you're dead. I killed you. Yeah, you killed me, so? Where was i gonna go, detroit? Oh no, oh god, no! A place of everlasting agony and pain! Hell awaits all sinners and all who do not accept christ! Children in this town have not been attending sunday school after mass. And adults have not been coming to confession. If this does not change, i promise you, You will all be going to the black pit of satan's world! That is all, peace be with you. Well, that was quite an uplifting sermon. Yeah. Mom, we're staying what? For sunday school. We have to go to sunday school so we don't burn! Yeah, i'll see ya later, mom! Oh, now look at that, they're scared to death! Hell is a very real place, mr. And mrs. Marsh! I'm trying to save their souls and the souls of everyone in this town From the wretched lake of fire! Come on, guy! Just let me in so we can talk. I don't want to talk to you, saddam! This isn't what i need in my life right now! Is that the movers, satan? Uh, yeah, yeah, it's just the movers. Oh, well, tell them i'm leaving their check on the counter. Okay, chris. Satan, look, i know our relationship wasn't perfect. Okay? I know that. I was too busy trying to take over the world, to give you what you needed! But i've changed, satan. Oh, like i haven't heard thatbefore. Come on, can't we just go out for a burrito? Me gusto burrito mucho. I can't, saddam, i'm with chris now. Who? Screw him! He can't pound your ass like i can! Goodbye, saddam. Wait, wait, i'm sorry! But satan, you can't deny what's between us. You can try, But you know we belong together. My life is good now, saddam, chris treats me well. You and i are through. Goodbye. Hey, come on, guy! Give me a break! Hello, children, i'm sister anne, And i'll be teaching you, so that you all can receive your first communion! Are we gonna go to hell? Well, hopefully not. That's why you're gonna need to receive communion. And as long as we get this communion thing, we're safe? What if we haven't really done anything that horribly bad in our lives? Yeah, whatif we hadn't? It doesn't matter, because we are all born with original sin. Now let me explain how communion works. The priest will give you this round cracker, And he will say, "The body of christ" and then you eat it. Jesus was made no. Of crackers? But crackers are his body. Yes. What? In the book of mark, jesus distributed bread and said, "Eat this, for it is my body." So we won't go to hell, as long as we eat crackers? No, no, no, no! Well, what are we eatin' then? The body of christ! Oh, i get it, jesus wanted us to eat him, But he didn't want us to be cannibals So he turned himself into crackers and then told people to eat 'im. No! No? I can't whistle if i eat too many crackers. Look, all you have to know is that when the priest gives you the cracker You eat it, okay? Okay. Okay. And then you will drink a very small amount of wine. For that is the blood of christ. Oh, come on now, this is just getting silly! Eric, do you want to go to hell? No! Questioning me! But now we can have communion and not go to hell, right? No, because before you can take your first communion, You have to have your first confession. Confession! You'll be getting in the confession box with a priest And confessing all your sins, so that god can forgive you. You kids will all have to go to your first confession this tuesday. So i want you all to go home tonight, And think long and hard about all your sins, So that you can tell the priesteverything. Oh, sh-! Those were some great pork chops, satan! Yeah. Hey you, you've been acting strange all night. What's up? Nothing, why. Well, it's just that you've washed that same dish seven times now, silly. Oh, sorry, heh-Heh. Come on, satan, you know you can tell me anything. What's up? Well, chris, saddam showed up today. Oh... Wow, i wasn't ready for that. He showed up spouting all kinds of things About how he's changed and he still loves me. I thought you... killed him. Yeah, well, where was he gonna go, detroit? Do you still love him? No, chris. It's okay if you do. Well, i mean... Of course there's a part of me that will always love him. But i also know how abusive he was. I'm much happier with you. You know what i think we should do? I think we should all get together and just talk like adults. What? We're all grown men here, satan, i wanna just go meet this guy. No, chris, you don't understand, saddam is ing crazy. I know he's got the whole "bad boy" thing going. I think that's what you were attracted to. But i can be a pretty rough tumbler myself. Oops! Aw, butternuts! Okay, let's see... Oh yeah, there was the time we threw a fish into the bus driver's hair And she didn't find it for seven days. Oh yeah, okay. And then there was the time we held that little first-Grader down And farted on him for 28 minutes. Right, i already got that one. Hey dudes, what are you doing? We're trying to remember all our sins. Sister anne told us we have to confess all our sins Or else we're gonna what? Go to hell! Have you confessed no! All your sins yet? Dude, he's jewish, he doesn't have to confess his sins. Oh good, i don't? No, you're already going to hell. I am not! You are too! Dude, this lady told us that if you don't confess your sins And you don't eat crackers and drink wine, then you go to hell, period! I'm gonna go ask my mom! Now let's see... What about the time we set mr. Garrison's cat on fire? Oh right, that was mostly kenny's fault. What? You guys, you guys! We just thought of somethin'! What, butters? Well, what about the handicapped kid, timmy? Timmy! What'd we do to timmy? No, i mean poor timmy's gonna go to hell! He can't confess his sins 'cause all he can say is his name! Timmy! Ooh, yeah, you're right, i guess timmy's pretty screwed. Oh man, we can't let timmy go to hell! We have to do something! What are we gonna do? I don't know, i don't know whatwe're gonna do. I don't knowwhat i'm gonna do. I can't deny my feelings for saddam, But my life is so much better now with chris. Ee-Aa-Ee-Aa be-Ya-Ki-Ki-Ki! Yeah, it's like chris is so perfect in every way, But there's just something about saddam That i'm much more attracted to. Eee-Aaa-Beecha- Eee-Aa-Beaa! In what way? Eee-Aa-Beeea- Beachaaa! Yeah, you're right. Saddamwouldjust treat me bad again! I just have to not see saddam, Put him out of my mind and focus on chris. If i don'tseesaddam, Then won't have such strong feelings for him. Thanks guys! Goycha! There you are! Oh, hi chris! I've been looking all over for you. I have to tell you something that might make you... A little mad. What? Well, i called saddam hussein and invited him over for dinner tonight. You what?! I just think we all need to get this out in the open. Aw, chris, aaaghgh! Aaghgh! Come on, satan, we're all adults here. He was an important person in your life, For better or for worse, so i want to know him. If he sees that i'm a real person too, Then maybe he'll see how happy we are together. No, chris, he'll try to kill you is what he'll do! Satan, we're not in junior high school anymore. Oh dear god! Hail mary, full of grace the lord is with you, blessed art thou among- How was it? Oh dude, you screwed me up! Huh? The guy in there said i have to say 54 "hail marys". Now i can't remember if i was on number 7 or 8! Who's in there? I don't know. You can't see him, it's just some anonymous guy. Well, here goes everything! Uh, forgive me, father, for i have sinned. Blessed art thou, child. Now, what do you have to confess? Well, let's see... I'd like to start, if i may, back when i was two and a half. It was a cold, april morning and the dew on the grass Was frozen like tiny beads of glass. Hail mary, full of grace the lord is with thee - Hey, dude. God dammit! What? Ooh, there's sister anne, come on we gotta ask her about timmy! Sister anne! Oh, hello, children. We have a question. Okay, shoot. Where do handicapped people go when they die? The handicapped are just people like you and me, so the same rules apply. They need to be baptized, take communion and confess their sins. But our friend timmy can't really talk, all he can do is say his own name, So he can't really confess his sins, so is he going to go to hell? Uh... This really isn't a question for me, it's for the priest. I'll see if i can find him, bye! And that was about everything from first grade, Then last year, well... You can't tell anybody about this stuff, right? Your confession does not leave this box. Okay, because last year, I took a sandwich that the priest of this church had been eating. Oh, well... I'm sure he would forgive you, If he knew. Yeah, but i'm not finished yet. I took a sandwich that the preist was eating, Took the piece of ham out of it, put it between my butt cheeks, Then put the sandwich back and watched him eat it. I see. Yeah, and then this other time, i went pee-Pee in the holy water thing And the priest blessed himself on the forehead with it Every day for about a week. And then one time, i was at the park And the priest was out walking his dog, And i went number two on the sidewalk And then told officer barbrady that it was the priest's dog, And so the priest got fined like $100 for not cleaning it up. And then this one time, I put super glue all over the priest's bible- Ah, ah, oh, jesus, aaghgh! Aaghh! Aaagh! Ah, ah, help! Father, i need to talk to you. Father, i have to ask you a question. Okay, okay, fine. Oh, oh! Dude, what happened? I felt it, you guys! I felt the angry hands of god! He is an angry god, you guys. We all have to start taking this very seriously! Oh, hello, you must be saddam hussein. And you must be mr. Ass face! Just kidding, you're chris, right? Thanks for inviting me to dinner, guy. Here, i brought you a potato. Oh, thank you! Chris, no, it's a bomb! Satan, what the heck is wrong with you? Yeah, hey, relax, guy! We're all here to act like adults, right? Oh, gee, i must have overcooked it. Well, come on in, dinner's just about ready. "And behin da glass der dusty fowny eye." Very good, ike! That's two john steinbeck books in one day! Cookie monster! Oh, he's growing up so fast! Mom, dad, am i going to hell? Why, what did you do, kyle? Nothing, but the guys said If i don't confess my sins and eat crackers, I'm gonna go to hell! Oh, no, that's just catholics. Us jews don't believe in hell. We don't? But what if we're wrong? Well, kyle, they could be wrong, too. Yeah, but if they're wrong, no big deal. If we're wrong, we burn in hell! Oh no! Kyle, it's all about being a good personnow. You see, christians use hell as a way to scare people Into believing what they believe. But to believe in something, just because you're afraid of the consequences If youdon'tbelieve in something Is no reason to believe in something. Understand? No. Well, you guys can do what you want. I'm going down to that church to confess my sins and eat crackers. And i'm taking kyle! Ike with me! So, saddam, Satan told me all about how you guys almost took over the world once. Yeah, those were the days, boy. What the hell is this crap we're eating, anyway? It's all vegetarian, saddam, Chris was a nutritionist before he died. Oh, isn't that fascinating? So tell me, chris, how was it that you died? Oh, well, i actually slipped down an escalator in a mall. Those things can be pretty sketchy. An escalator? What kind of pussy way of dying is that? Look, saddam, i know that you and satan had a relationship. And i just want youto know, That i'm totally okay with you guys staying friends. Uh-Huh. I think it's important to stay friends with people you had relationships with. And i know that satan and my relationship is strong enough That it can handle anything. Right? Right! Father, the children asked me about their handicapped friend. I want to explain to them that he's fine. Well, has your friend ever confessed or been baptized? I don't think so. Then hell awaits him. Father, these boys are really worried because they think they have to- They should be worried. Boys, it is your christian dutyto save the souls of your friends. Yes, but- Mr. Father! We have to ask you something! Oh, you're the little jewish boy, right? Yeah, if we're jewish, are we gonna go to hell? Well, young man, you can rest assured That according to matthew 25, When you die, you will stand before god and he will say "Depart from me, ye cursed, into the eternal fire Prepared for the devil and his angels." Yes, as a jew, your home will be the lake of fire. Oh no! Father! I hope to see all of you in church this sunday! We will be! We will be! Father, i don't know if i agree fully with what you're saying. I think that as long as jewish people are good, They will get into heaven. Sister, the jews crucified our savior. I'm mean, if you don't go to hell for crucifying a savior, Then what the hell doyou go to hell for? Stan, you've got to help us become good christians, please! Alright, alright, alright, you heard the priest, The first thing we have to do is get you guys all baptized, come on! Wagh-Blagh-Aggh! Wagh-Ha-Hagh-Blagh! Okay, you better baptize kyle some more. Hallelujah, wash away the sin! Agh! Turn around so i can clean out your ass! Cartman! What? Dude, you said "ass", that's a sin! Oh, now you've said it too! Oh, sh-, agh! F- , whoops! Oh, dude, we gotta get back to the church and confess again! But what about them? Uh, oh, i know! We can use "wacky water weasel"! Agh! Okay, come on! Timmy! Well, i don't know about you guys, But all that ginger made me tired! Yeah, i guess i should be getting back. Good, i'll show you out. Nice to meet you, saddam, have a safe walk back! Yeah, thanks for the wheatgrass and twigs and stuff! Satan, that guy is a pussy! He's stable, saddam! Yeah, that's what i said, he's a pussy! Having stability in your life is a great thing, you should try it! For some people, maybe, but you like excitement. I know you, satan. I'm very happy with my life now. Here. I'm at the bargain hotel on mala vista, room 16. No, saddam, i won't be needing this. I know you won't, but just keep it just in case. It was good seeing you again, satan, goodnight. Goodnight, pussy, i mean, chris! G'nite! Hello, your excellency. This is sister anne, the bleeding eyes of jesus, Calling from the united states. Yes, i understand you wish to speak-A with the pope. Yes, the priest here has been telling the children Some pretty radical things, And i just wanted to see what the church thinks About jews and the mentally handicapped. Yes, well, the pope is here, but please keep it brief, He is-A very old-A. Huh? Hello, his holiness. I want to ask you about people with mental disabilities. Huh? Do mentally challenged people go to hell? Huh? Handicap, mental handicap. Brdrdrbrdrdrdrdr. The priest here said that people with mental handicaps might end up in hell, Is that true? Uhhhhhhh... bdrdrdrdrdrdrr. Come on, this stupid light won't change. Come on, hurry up! Hey, what are you guys doing? We're going to church, we sinned and so we have to confess again! Us, too, we saw a picture of a naked lady. We could see her whole beaver! Yeah, if we died right now, we'd have unclean souls and we'd burn in hell! Well come on, let's go! Oh my god! They killed kenny! He had sins that he didn't confess! And he never took communion! He'sdoomed. We gotta get to that church beforewedie! Yeah! Careful. Yeah. That's hot. You take it. You take it, now. Chris, what are you doing? I'm just... I'm just trying to be a little more naughty in bed. I know that's what you liked about sex with saddam, I'm just showing you that i can be that way too. Oh boy. Uh-Huh. Yeah, you like that, don't you, bitch? I'm a bad boy. Yeah, take that. Chris, just don't, don't do that. But it turns you on. When saddam did it, yeah, but... But what? Nothing, i just... i'm just really tired is all. Can we just please go to sleep? Chris, seriously, i'm just tired, okay. Okay, i love you, satan. I love you too, saddam. Wah! Wah! Ah, i'm sorry, i mean chris! It's okay, it's okay, i, uh, oh... I understand, i do. I just need to go get some air, okay. I'll be back really quick. Yeah, sure, okay. Come on, hurry up! Oh no, it's locked! What, no, it can't be locked we have to confess! We have to confess our sins before we die! Hey, there's a window in the back that's usually open! The confession box is over there! I'm first, i'm first! Ooh! What the- Oh, son of a bitch! He-He-He! Uh, kids, uh... You're a sinner! You're doing unnatural things in the house of god! Oh, uh... Oh forgive me, heavenly father! I have sinned against you! Oh, this guy is sogonna burn! Mrs. Donovan is a temptress from hell! Dude, if this guy's going to hell, who's gonna save us? Well, it looks like we're gonna have to save timmy, kyle And everyone else in this town from the angry hand of god ourselves! Oh the pain! Ohh, the paaaiin! No, i can't. What am i doing? I know this is the wrong thing to do. I could lose chris. I can't do this, i can't do this! We have repeatedly broken god's commandments-A! We have lived our lives for ourselves-A, Totally ignoring the lord-A! "If thy hand offend thee, cut it off: It is much better for thee- Oh, what the hell are they doing now? Oh no! Into the fire that will never be quenched!" Pamphlet? Pamphlet? There is only one answer! As kids we must abandon this town of sin and start anew! I don't want to go to hell. It will be a long road, But at the end of that road is salvation! Andiam going to lead you there! Captioning made possible by