As you may or may not know, today is Canada Appreciation Day. Oh God, I'm bored already. M'kay, so we've been asked to show you a video from the World Canadian Bureau. Start the tape please? Hello, I am Stephen Abootman, President of the World Canadian Bureau.</i> Do you ever stop to think how important Canada is to the world?</i> Right now, I would like all students of Canadian descent</i> in this school to stand up. Just look at all these fine Canadians in your school.</i> See how diverse they are. When you think of Canada, what's the one thing that comes to mind?</i> Gayness! That's right: spirit! What is it that makes Canada so important?</i> Nothing! My fellow Canadians, for too long we have been pushed around, and ridicules! Yesterday was supposed to be a day of appreciation and understanding! Instead, Canada Appreciation Day was mocked worldwide! Nobody takes us Canadians seriously! It's like the world doesn't respect Canada at all, eh? That's right! And I think it's time for Canada to show the world just how bad things would be without it! Together we can send a message! It's time for Canada... to strike! - Did you say strike? - Yes! Every Canadian join me! Join together! Canada, on strike. Canada, on strike. Canada! Canada! Canada! Canada! Canada on strike! Canada says "No more!" No more neglect! We want respect! That's what we're striking for! All you bureaucrats and corporate cats Can all just take a hike! It's Canada! On Strike! Canada on strike! From Vancouver to St. John's, We raise our little fingers for you all to sit upon! And with our fingers up your ass, you won't be very psyched. It's Canada! On Strike! And we will not bow a bunch! Our resolve is strong! We even took three hours to rehearse this striking song! Canada on strike! No matter where you are, If you are Canadian then you've got to do your part! March out of the halls! That's right, suck my Canadian balls! It's Canada! On Strike! It's Canada! Canada! Canada! On Strike! Ah, when you say "Canada is on strike," what exactly do you mean? What do you think it means? We're striking, buddy! No more! That's it! Until we get what we want. Who are you exactly to authorize this strike? I'm Stephen Abootman! Leader of the WGA! The WGA? Yes! The World Canadian Bureau! What exactly does Canada want? We want: more... money! - Yeah! More money! - More money from where? Just more money! You know! Canada doesn't get enough money! Other countries have lots of money; we want, we want some of that money! How about- the Internet? The Internet makes lots of money! So give us some of that money! - Yeah! Give us Internet money! - A Mister A- Abootman, you seem to- not understand how... global economics works. I think that- Don't give me that fat-cat fancy lip-wiggling! Are you gonna give Canada more money or not? I'm afraid we can't. Then you leave Canada no choice. This strike shall continue! "Honk if you support Canada" He- hey honey, watch this. Oh, we're supporting unions. That's right; we're a very progressive couple. Yes. Oh, that's fun! Well we've done our good deed for the week. I think now I can make love to your anus without making God angry. Oh really? Goodie! Guys, I'm really worried about my brother. We don't care. You should care! This strike affects everybody, fatass! - Sh ush ush, it's on! - Yippee! It's the Terrance and Phillip Show. Today's episode: I Fart Huckabees. Aw, this one again? God, they've replayed this one like eighty times now! Say Phillip, I just bought this new hybrid car. Oh? Does it run on electricity? No, it uses natural gas. Not as fat as your face! Huh, it somehow loses its punch after multiple viewings. God-damnit, when are they going to air new Terrance and Phillip shows? There aren't gonna be new shows! Don't you get it? Terrance and Phillip are Canadian! We have to get Canada to end this strike! It's not a big deal. We can just watch American comedy. You think that's bad? Remember the time I sang "La Cucaracha" for Paul McCartney? - No! No! - Cucaracha! We are not... resorting to that! One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! Look, buddy, me and Phillip need to go home for a bit. Go home? You can't leave the picket line! But this is taking too long, and Phillip is diabetic. Look, guy, we are to stay strong! If you don't stand with your fellow Canadians, then you are a rat! - Don't call me a rat, buddy! - I'm not your buddy, friend! - He's not your friend, guy! - I'm not your guy, buddy! - He's not your buddy, friend! - I'm not your friend, guy! Don't you two understand anything? You think striking is a joke? You think it's something to ridicule? Yah, you think this is funny? Don't you see that we have to stand together or else we have nothing? Stephen! Stephen! A call came in from the United States! They want to talk to you aboot ending the strike! What did I tell you? I told you we'd get to them sooner or later! Shh, shh, quiet everyone! Let me handle this. Yes. This is Stephen Abootman, head of the WGA. Uh, hi, we want you to end this strike. Oh you do, huh? They've had enough. They want us to end the strike. Quiet, quiet, shh, shh, sh- quiet, quiet! Let me deal with this. All right, we're prepared to end this strike! If you are agreeing that we should have more money! We totally think you should have more money. We got 'em! We did it! All right, how much are you gonna give us? Huh? Well we don't really have that much money. Oh, negotiating hardball, are we? What about all that Internet money? - The Internet? - You listen to me, friend! You'd better figure out a way to get us our fair amount of money, and until you come back with a solid fair number, I'm finished talking to you, you slimy corporate dickhead! Don't worry, don't worry. This is how negotiating works. This is good. We've got 'em by the balls. What'd they say? They said we have to give them money that we make on the Internet. How are we supposed to make money on the Internet? Well, how do other people make money on the Internet? We'd have to put something up on the Internet that everyone would find fascinating. Wait. I've got it. I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? Let's do it in the butt. O-kay! It's okay If you have a little fight Don't you worry I won't bite</i> (Not that hard) If you want it I'll give you power Just be gentle I'm delicate like a flower Give it to me, if you please - Give it to me, if you please - Oh my. In the butt I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? Let's do it in the butt. O-kay! - There's more people viewing it! - This is going great! Don't worry, Ike! The strike will be over soon! And in other world news, the leader of Japan today is calling for an increase in military spending. How come they never mention anything about us? - When are they gonna get to the strike? - Don't worry, the strike is big news. I'm sure it will be one of the top stories. In other news tonight, it the Internet video that has already seen over ten million views. A young confused-looking boy dancing and singing a song called "What What (In My Asshole)" Tom, in just one week the video has become the most watched thing in all of America. The boy in the video, referred to by most as "that little gay kid," has already been asked to appear on Jimmy Kimmel and The Today Show. Aw damnit that's not news! What about us? Look, ah, Stephen, Terrance and I were talking and, it's starting to look like maybe we're not gonna win this thing, you know? We'll win! We'll just have to stay resilient! Wull, yeah, but everyone is dying of starvation. Yeah, let's give it up, guy. Don't call me your guy! I'm not your guy, friend! - Well I'm not your friend, buddy! - Well I'm not your buddy, guy! Wait! Here it is! Turn it up! We're on! And finally tonight, a new development in the Canada strike. For those of you who don't remember or don't care, Canada has been striking for more money. Yeah! All right! Shh! I told you, listen, listen... In a shocking turn of events, it now appears that thousands of people from Denmark are flooding into the United States with hopes of taking the place of the striking Canadians. What? Do you really think you Danish can replace the Canadians? Well, where we come from it's pretty cold too, ja. We like hockey and nobody really pays any attention to us. - Nobody knows where Denmark is. - Right. So when you think about it, we're the Canadians of Europe. Scabs! How could you? Ah, hi. We made a really successful thing on the Internet, and we'd like to collect our money. Take a number and wait with everyone else. Ma'am, perhaps you don't recognize the Internet sensation Little Gay Kid from YouToob? Take a number and wait with everyone else! Chocolate Rain. Hey, I know you. You're the "What What (In My Asshole)" kid. - "What What (In The Butt)," sir. - It's Tron Guy. I saw him on YouToob. Yeah, sure. All the biggest Internet stars are here. You remember, of course, Numa Numa. And the Star Wars kid. And the Internet sensation Cute Sneezing Panda. And there's Dramatic Look Gopher. Wow, I've seen all you guys on the Internet! So, how many people have seen your Internet video? - Uh a few hundred thousand? - Huh, mere peanuts. Chocolate Rain has done gangbusters. Theoretically, I'm a millionaire. Dude, screw you. Your Internet thing is so last year. Leave Chocolate Rain Guy alone! Leave him alone! I'm serious! Excuse me. Hello? You greedy corporate fat cat. You said you would get us money. Wait we're working on it. You're stalling! Because you think I'll give up. You know that most Canadians are talking about giving up the strike already. You've got me over a barrel and you know it! Sir, we're doing everything we can. You want me to say it again? You've got me over a barrel! There, you happy? You've got me bent over a barrel with my tender ass just waiting to be pulverized by your thrusting manhood! Do you realize how stupid I'm going to look if I call off the strike after starting all this? I won't do it! You hear me, guy? You're wrong! No matter what happens I will never call of this strike! Even if it means we all. Die. We don't want you to die. Then you'd better hurry. We don't have much longer. The blood will be on your hands. We have to speed this up! Uh, can we collect our Internet money in front of you, please? I don't think so. Nothing takes priority over Chocolate Rain. Oh, here he goes with the ego again. Who crowned you the top Internet star? I did. When I became bigger than all you bitches. Oh please, Laughing Baby had more times as many views as you! You'd better shut your fucking mouth, Laughing Baby! Did you all forget about Afro Ninja? My Internet thing was bigger than anybody's. I made over a hundred million theoretical dollars. Well Sneezing Panda is theoretically worth billions! You all wanna motherfucking die? No! Okay, forget it. We'll wait our turn. Leave Tron Guy alone! Leave him alone! Get ready for some chocolate pain, bitch! Leave the panda alone! Leave her alone, I'm serious! Thought I forgot about you, Gopher? Uh, my brains. Sweet. I think we're next in line now. Stephen!, Stephen! They're here! They've come to negotiate! What? You mean it? - Okay, we did it. - Who the hell are you? We're the ones you told to get Internet money. Here. We made ten million theoretical dollars. It's all for you. Theoretical dollars? What am I supposed to do with that? You little timewasters! Hey, we worked really hard to get this theoretical money! - Yeah. Everyone thinks I'm a homo now. - You are a homo, Butters. Yeah, will you just end this thing now? My little brother is gonna die! No! I'm not gonna look like an idiot! If I fucked up and led everyone astray, the last thing I'm gonna do is admit it! Yes, this is the head of the WGA. The World Canadian Bureau. Ah, Mr. Abootman. It's the global world summit leaders. We want to talk to you about the strike. You... You do? You wanna negotiate? No, actually we were just wondering if, when you're all dead we can use Newfoundland for a new global theme park. Hello? Will you just give this guy something, please? Excuse me? He just doesn't wanna look like an idiot, so he wants everyone to think the strike was for something. Just give him anything! Well, we could give Canada some small consolation prize. If they give you something small, will you end the strike? Will they... act like they're giving Canada a lot so everyone thinks I did a good job? Can you act like you're giving him a lot? Sure, why not? We have won! So how much did we get? Well, we uh, we didn't get everything that we wanted, but... we negotiated hard and... we got these... coupons to Bennigan's! And... free bubblegum... for every Canadian! These coupons entitle every Canadian to a free meal at Bennigan's. With the purchase of a meal at equal or greater value, of course. We did it! My friends. This is the greatest victory in Canadian history. Ike. Ike! It's over. - It's over? - Yeah. Here you go. - Boy, I'm sure glad that's over with. - Me too! Yeah, but you know, I learned something today. We thought we could make money on the Internet. But, while the Internet is new and exciting for creative people, it hasn't matured as a distribution mechanism to the extent that one should trade real and immediate opportunities for income for the promise of future online revenue. It will be a few years before digital distribution of media on the Internet can be monetized to the extent that necessitates content producers to forgo their fair value in more traditional media. Yeah. Yeah, we did it! Celebrate, everyone! Hold on a minute! Wait just a second! We just did some calculating! By not working during the strike, Canadians lost 10.4 million dollars! And our Bennigan's coupons and bubble gum is worth roughly... three thousand and eight dollars! Don't look at that. Come on, friends, let's dance. You had no idea what you were doing and now you're trying to make it look like you won so that we won't set you adrift! Damnit friends, don't you see? We won for future Canadians, guy. So the little guy doesn't get pushed around anymore. This was a victory for Canada's respect. - Eh? What do you think you're doing? - We're sending you adrift, idiot! Maybe you can go live with the Danish! You'll regret this day, friend! I'm not your friend, buddy! I'm not your buddy, guy! He's not your guy, friend! I'm not your friend, buddy! We're not your buddies, guy!