Fortune All right, Randy ! Grats on making it all the way to the Bonus Round. Thanks, Pat. You've got some family here, watching tonight ? Yeah, they're all rooting for me. And I'm sure you have lots of friends watching back home ? Yeah, Hi everybody watching in South Park. That's us, hey, hey. - Hey, Randy. - Good luck ! Well let see if you can't make everyone proud. The category is, People who annoy you. OK. As always we give you the letters, R, T, S, L and E. We just need three more consonants and a vowel. OK I'd like a B, a N, and a G. and the vowel ? an O, please. OK, looks like you're going to get a lot of help here. The category is People who annoy you. Audience keep quiet please. UH, well, ... Ten seconds M. Marsh. I know it but I don't think I should say it. Five seconds M. Marsh. I'd like to solve the puzzle. NIGGERS. OH, naggers, of course, Naggers. Right. UH, can we cut to ... could we cut to... Well, Gave is my best shot. At least we had a fup trip, gang ? I can't believe you said the N-word on national television. What ? Well, what i was supposed to do, Sharon ? I thought I was going to make $ 30 000 ! Stanley, the only reason daddy used that word is that he thought he would win money ! Dude, did your dad know the show was broadcast live ? Dude, the funniest thing I ever seen, I watched it on YouTube about 60 times. Can we just drop this, please ? I don't want to talk about it. Yeah, well, it's not us you have to worry about. It's Token. He's going to want to kick your crasher teeth in. No, he's not. Is he ? I don't know I just need to explain things. Hey, Token, Look, I don't know if you saw Wheel of Fortune last night, but... Yeah, I was watching it with my whole family? and then we saw the replays this morning on the news. Listen, Token, my dad is not a racist. He's just stupid, all right ? He just blurted out the N-word, it's not a big deal, OK ? Well, actually it's kind after big deal, Stan. It may be a mistake you don't understand how it feels when the N-word comes up. Don't say it isn't a big deal. OH, * here we go, It's on, race war, race war ! race war is on, everybody ! It's goind down ! * Going down ! Token my dad wasn't trying to be offensive, just forget about it. It's easy for you to say, Stan. Yeah, come on. Here we go ! He didn't say it in anger or anything like that. That doesn't mean I can just be fine. Race war, come on, race war ! If you really think it's not a big deal, then you're really ignorant. That's all. I'l not fighting anybody ! Token forefits ! Whites win ! Whites win ! Race war is over again, everybody ! Whites won again ! I want to apologize deeply and sincerely for using the N-word on Wheel of Fortune, and I want to assure you that I'm not a racist, reverend Jackson. The puzzle you were solving was people annoy to you? Well, like anybody else thought it was naggers, I mean, right ? M. Marsh, you need to take time to understand african-american culture. Visit black museums, see black performers and artists. Oh, I will, I'm really down with african-americans. Do you really want to apologize ? Are you sure ? Yes, absolutely Very well. If you want to apologize. I will accept. Oh, thank you, M. Jackson. Thank you. Brian, get a picture of M. Marsh apologizing. Ready to go, Sir. Kiss it. Uh? Apologize, kiss it. - You want me to kiss your ... - That's right, apologize. Oh, OK, let's see. Apologize. Hey, Token, I just wanted to let you know, that everything is cool now. My dad apologized to Jesse Jackson. Oh, I see. So I'm supposed to feel all better now ? Well, yeah. You just don't get it, Stan. Dude, Jesse Jackson said it's OK. Jesse Jackson is not the emporer of black people ! He told my dad he was. Today we are going to have a guest speaker talk to us about sensitivity and the power of words. In a moment, you will meet Dr. David Nelson, who has firsthand experience in overcoming slander because David is himself a little person. Who knows what a little person is? Yes, over there? A midget? Not exactly. That term is actually considered offensive. And that's why Dr. Nelson goes from school to school getting us all to think about what we say. He has two Ph.D.'s and has published six books, Please welcome David Nelson! Good morning, students. How are we all feeling today? I would like to share with you all my-- No, dude, no. [Bleep] Way! Dude. That, that words are like bullets, and if you give-- Just stop, stop, stop! Eric, be quiet. No, no, it's OK, he'll run out of steam here pretty soon! Look, look, look! They put a little suit on him! So I said to my wife, You told me to kill the damn cockroach, don't yell at me for making a mess! We got a great crowd here tonight. Now, how many people are actually from Colorado? Nothing better to do on a friday night than go to a comedy club, uh? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Yeah, I know you, You're the guy that said the nigger on Wheel of Fortune!</i> Look, everybody, it's the N-guy. Hey, it is him. We got a star in the club. Everyone wave to the N-guy, say "Hi, N-guy." Hi, N-guy! That's all right, N-guy, you know we're just playing. Yeah. No problem. You've seen these navigation systems in these cars, these days? Damn things look like they're right out of space nuts. Maybe N-guy has one, you got one, N-guy? Hey, look, Patty, it's that N-guy. N-guy, N-guy. Hey, What do you think you're doing? I just need some aspirin. You aren't welcome in this store, N-guy. Fine. Principal Victoria, I'm very concerned about the behavior of one of your students. Yes, we apologize for Eric Cartman's behavior, Mr. Nelson. We feel terrible. Why? I don't feel terrible. It doesn't bother me at all. Words are like bullets and I let them pass right through me. I just know that with some one-on-one time together with this Eric Cartman, I have a chance to change the way he thinks. It might be best if you just let it go, OK? You don't understand. You see, words are like bullets - and if you take away the gun powder-- - Yeah, yeah, we get it, Mr. Nelson. Very well, Mr. Nelson. Stacy, go ahead and please send in Eric Cartman. Eric, Mr. Nelson is concerned how you respond to little people. Oh, did I hurt his little feelings? You know, think you have the power to make me insecure, but your words are actually completely powerless. We should get like eight of these and dress them up like little beavers, right? and put them in a pond and see if they build a dam! You see, no matter what you say, I'm still standing. Barely! No matter how you act, I can rise above it Rise above it ! Rise above it, Get it like he can rise above anything ! Shut your [bleep] mouth. M. Nelson ! He didn't get to me. I was just joking. Look, look how his face gets red he's like a little strawbury ! Words with venom, words that bind, words used like weapons to cloud my mind. I'm a person, i'm a man, but no mater how hard i try, people just say, hey, there goes that n-guy. Everywhere i go it's always the same, I can't get away from that terrible name. Hey, n-guy, n-guy, n-guy stop ! Now go ! Call me n-guy, fill me with your hate, try to bring me down, oh, you're too late. Someone just beat you to it, but my dream will not die. To be thought of as more than just n-guy. Respect. Token, hey, wait up. I just wanted to say i get it now. You know, after that little person talked at that assembly the day. I understand how you feel about somebody saying the n-word. So black people are midgets ? Dammit ! Excuse me, over here please ! I need all students to join me over here. I've called you here because it's time at that we taught Eric Cartman a lesson once and for all. And in a few seconds Eric will be sent in, when we walk through that door i want you al at the same time to yell hello, fatso. I don't think that's a very good idea, sir. He has to learn his lesson, you see, words are like bullets. All right, all right, here he comes. Good morning fatso ! Hey, what the hell is that ? You think [bleep] funny? cal, did you put everybody up to this. I bet you did, what the hell is going on ! Now you know how it feels! You didn't like it when the tables were turned, did you ? All right, all right, who is the freakin' genius who dressed up in little suspenders, is that you ? You can't get to this. Words are like bullets ! And so it's my honor to announce today the randy marsh African-American scholarship foundation. It is my hope that this foundation will prove my commitment to the education of African-American students and erase once and for all my identity as the n-guy. You really, realy don't know how hard it is to be constantly reminded of something lame that happened in your past. I just want to move on from what happened on wheel of fortune, you know. When people call me n-guy, they're bringing up had a painful chapter of my history and the negativity that went along with it. You just, you can't imagine how that feels. Is this n-guy serious ? Anyway, here is to a new start for us all, thank you ! Hey, look, Skeeter, that's that guy from the tv. Well, well, well ! Looks like we got ourselves a n-guy. Whoa ! Where you going, n-guy ? Please, i don't want any trouble. Well, you got trouble ! When you first decided to slander an entire race of people on wheel of fortune. Yeah, you like making fun of minorities, n-guy ? We don't take kindly to social ignorance. You tell him Skeeter, tell him ! What do you want? What do we want ? We want to live in a world without people like you who are intolerant of African-Americans. Leave him alone. Hey, that's that other n-guy. that's the guy from seinfeld used the n-word a whole bunch of times. Michael richards, well, sonofabitch. looks like it's our lucky day, we done got us two n-guys. Make that three. - Mark Fuhrman. - who ? He done said the n-word in the oj case. What is this a n-guy convention ? We aren't being pushed around anymore. Leave ! Come on, Skeeter, these n-guys ain't worth our trouble. Damn n-guys, we will be back ! You better come with us. come on in, mr. marsh, we'll make you coffee. What's going on here. We've been following your story since we first saw it on the news, don't worry you're with friends now. Dale here used the n-word in a racial joke at word. Scott used the plural n-word to refer to a group of gardeners who broke his fence. They were mexicans, i was being ironic. We're all just like you. No, no, no, i'm sorry, i'm not like you, i just said the n-word by mistake to win money. I made a mistake too, i was trying to be funny ! I got frustrated and thought i would get some shock laughs. I'm just, not that god after comedian if you want to know the real truth. You said the n-word to a black man's face, that's way worse than what i did. You really think that matters you really think all those people out there see a difference ? Oh, they might see your racial slur was more accidental they might even laugh about it, but at the end of the day, all you are to them is just an another damn n-guy. - Oh, you don't like that, do you ? - No. Randy, we want you to join us. We have a plan to make this all go away once and for all. Now, look, token, i've done everything i can to make this right. You have no reason to still be mad. I have every reason to be mad. You just don't get it. I'm not responsible for what my dad did. No, you can't pretend is never happened. - What do you want from me. - Nothing. - Stop being mad. - No ! Fellas, come quick, Cartman is going to fight the midget ! Hey, come on! Dude, you sure you want to do this ? Apparently this guy has a black belt in karate. He's a midget, dudes. I'm going to beat the crap out of this kid to prove a talk. Hey, it isn't fair i'll laugh too much. Senators, I know it's not normally considered American to ban words, but there is one slur that's caused so much damage that we believe it should finally be made illegal. I'm talking of course about the term n-guy. N-guy ? Two words which by themselves can be harmless, but which together form a verbal missile of hate. Yeah, that's right. Oh, sure, some people use the term in guest, tell a n-guy joke or two, They use the excuse for violence. The damn n-guy is trying to be political now. Senators, i've learned to admit I'm capable of having slightly racist thoughts once in a while. can anybody say they never do, how long before you're all called n-guys ? Hold on a second, are you suggesting that n-guy could become a slur that refers to all white people ? I'm certainly not a n-guy i've never thought a racist thought. Oh, come on you're the biggest n-guy in washington. Mr. Marsh, we see now the importance of your bill. All those in favor to ban the term n-guy. - Aye. - Opposed in. Nay. The motion is passed ! All right! We did it ! For the first time in American history a word has been officially banned from use. From now on, if a person uses the word n-word, it must be seven away from words away from the word guy. Tom, it appears that the n-guy epidemic oh, dammit, i said it, didn't I ? Oh, ow, ow, okay, okay, you win! - Say uncle ! - Uncle ! Now say carolyn, don't go into the light. Carolyn, don't go into the light ! Man, that's hysterical! There, now you all see that I am not limited by my size ! I have proven my point. My work here is done. What was his point ? I have no idea. - Dude, I don't get it. - I don't get it either. Wait a minute. That's it. I don't get it. Don't you see, kyle, I don't get it ! Token, i get it now. I don't get it. I've been trying to say that i understand how you feel, but I'll never understand. I'm never really get how it feels for a black person to have somebody use the n-word, I don't get it.