Wendy Testaburger has asked to share something with the class. Thank you, Mr. Garrison. Fellow students, October is awareness month for the one of the leading causes of death for women. A terrible disease that takes the lives of american women every day. I'm talking of course about breast cancer. An estimated one in six women will deal with cancer in their lifetime and breast cancer is the most common. She said it again. Is there a problem? Because breast cancer isn't funny. Breast cancer is killing people. Do we really need all of this potty talk in the classroom? Eric, for the love of Jesus. This is a serious issue, what you're doing is very offensive. Me? You're the one talking about killer titties. Watch out guys, Wendy says boobs can kill you. - I'm gonna get you. - I don't wanna get killed by boobs. Will somebody do something? Every week he gets worse and nobody does anything. Eric, stop being offensive. I'm trying to engage {\Wendy in}a constructive dialog about breast cancer awareness. No, you aren't. You need to calm down, you'll get your boobs angry and they'll start killing everyone. I'm on fire today! Look out everyone, there's some killer titties on the loose. Could have swore I heard them coming through the roof. Officer, we need to get an APB out on those titties, - they're armed and dangerous. - What is your problem? Breast cancer isn't funny. Not at all. Wendy, we're gonna get you. Where are your bobs? We're gonna kill you. You better shut up or I'll make you shut up. Really? What are you gonna do about it? I'm gonna kick your ass, that's what I am going to do. You're gonna kick my ass? That's right, I am gonna kick your ass. You want to throw down, dawg, I'll throw down. - You think you're tough. - Wassup? Wassup? - I'll smack the shit out of you. - I stay right here, let's go bitch. After school, we fight after school, you got that? You're gonna fight me after school? - That's right. - You're a chick, dude. As soon as that bell rings we do it outside, you got that? - And you better be there. - It's on bitch. You're gonna fucking die! Wendy and Eric are fighting after school. Hey, everybody! Wendy and Eric are fighting after school. What? Wendy and Cartman are gonna fight after school. Really? Wendy and Cartman are fighting after school. Emo kids, Cartman and Wendy are gonna fight after school. Did she just call us emos? Gee, I can't believe, Wendy gonna fight you after school. She is pissed off. She's not gonna show up to a fight, dawg. I'm sure she's already tried to figure out a way to get out of it. Check it out, she's totally staring you down. She sure seems confident, you should probably go easy on her, dude, you don't wanna put her in a hospital or anything. I'm gonna teach her a lesson, I'm not gonna totally kick her ass. Can't go too easy on her, god forbid she actually gets a good punch and beat you. If you get beat by a girl, everyone would think you're a faggot. Could I talk to you for a second? What? I want to apologize - and tell you that... - What? I want to apologize and tell you that... I'm sorry for what I said, okay? It was wrong of me and I promise you that it won't happen again. I don't want to fight you after school, all right? So, I'm sorry. If you're really sorry you can say it in front of everyone! Actually I was thinking let's just keep this between us. I was wrong to make fun of breast cancer and I'm very remorsefulness. No, if you're really sorry and you want to apologize to me, then do it in front of everyone! Apologize? That's not what I said dumb bitch. You did, you stood there and said you apologized and don't want to fight. Such a desperate attempt to get out of it. These students are a little too smart to see you're making excuses to get out of fighting me. I don't want an excuse. I'm gonna beat the fuckin' shit out of you. That's funny, you're going to die, lezbo. Seriously dawg, I do want to apologize, I'm really sorry I don't think we should fight. Get away from me! So, everyone is saying there's going to be a fight between Cartman and your girlfriend. I guess so. And you're gonna... just let at that guy beat up on your woman? Doesn't that like... go against your jockey man code or something? I don't ever remember AC/DC singing about letting it dudes beat up on their girlfriends. What am I supposed to do about it? Don't worry, I don't think it's going to happen. Cartman says that Wendy is begging him to it call the fight off. - I'll bet she is. - I hope that, I wanna see her kick the crap out of him. - What? - Just real quick, real quick. You're not gonna believe this, I just found out my mom has breast cancer. Man, I sure got what was coming to me. I was a real jerk and now, they're gonna cut off my mom's boobs. You really think that's gonna work on me? I have here $27 in cash. - If you just call off the fight then... - You can't bribe your way out of this. - I have muscular dystrophy. - You don't. My mom has muscular dystrophy - in her boobs. - You don't get it asshole, there's nothing you can do to stop this fight. I am gonna wipe the playground with you in front of everyone. I'm gonna shove your ass, down your throat and make you eat your underwear. - Eat my underwear? - That's right. I would eat my underwear, right here and right now. Jesus Christ! Do you have no sense of self-respect? Unless you want me to, you want me to have self-respect and I will. You suck so hard. I'll eat my underwear and then you be satisfied we'll put this whole thing behind us. - What are you doing? - I'm committed to peace, I want you to see just how humbled I am, how much I... Look at me, Wendy. Oh, my god. Are we cool? I ate my underwear, what the hell do you want from me? You are so pathetic. I ate my underwear for you. Yo, what's up dawg? - We need to talk. - What? Wendy and I are suppose to fight in like three hours. - Dude, aren't you worried? - Wendy is a girl, she could end up getting really hurt. You're my bro and she's your bitch, I don't wanna hurt my bro's bitch. I can't do anything, she really want to fight you. She doesn't. She told me she doesn't wanna fight. She's just stuck. Because she knows I am gonna kick her ass, but she feels like if she doesn't fight me, all the kids will call her chicken. - Really? - Now what she did, she apologized and begged me not to fight her. I said if you're so sorry, say it in front of everyone, but she wouldn't. That's how desperate she is. You have to do something, Stan, you have to be a man and forbid her for fighting so she has a way. Oh, that's where I put those. Anyway, you've got to put a stop to this fight. Wendy's stucked, she needs you. Dude, there's nothing I can do about it. God, you are such a pussy, Stan, you're such a pussy, When I hurt Wendy it's gonna be on your fucking head. And so you see, at this point your rip disease knew he could not win the battle. I'm going to wipe the playground with you right in front of everyone.</i> If you got beat by a girl everyone would say you're a faggot.</i> Alright kids for your homework tonight, I want you to read chapter 7. Kick this ass Wendy! When the bell rings we've got to get out there and find a good place to watch. There's no way out, she's gonna kick my ass in front of everyone.</i> Almost dead. And be be ready for a quiz tomorrow morning. I totally can't see the fight, I've got detention after school. Detention, that's it! I've got to get detention fast! Eric, did you just take a crap on my desk? What's up? What's up? Crapped on your desk doc, what's up with that? Welcome to detention mkay? You're here until your parents come and pick you up. Use your time to study. Sweet. Eric, what's going on. Everyone says you got detention on purpose to get out of fighting Wendy. What? That's ridiculous. But some people say you crapped on the desk to get detention. - That's not why I did it. - Why did you crap on the desk? Because I'm hardcore. I'm anti-establishment, that's how I roll, dawg, I do hardcore stuff like that. That's what I said. I told everyone outside He is not scared of fighting Wendy. He'd do it if he could. Damn straight I got all punk rock and got detention, - I'm just a bad dude. - That's good because we moved the fight to first thing in the morning tomorrow. Before school starts. Everyone is going to get there early. Your detention doesn't matter. Get your buns back over here, mkay. She says she will be there an hour before school starts, see you in the morning. Tomorrow morning, you die tomorrow morning. We need to talk to you, right now! Wendy, have you been bullying kids at school? What? Can you explain why this little boy's mother had to come talk to us? Did you tell this little boy you were going to beat him up? You don't understand he said horrible things. The thing is, I totally said I was sorry, but she still wants to beat me up. No matter what a person says, you don't respond with violence. Haven't we taught you that? The thing is Wendy, I really think you're awesome, and I know I'm just a nerdy little weakling to you, but I want to be your friend because I don't have that many friends at school. Wendy, you tell this little boy you aren't going to hurt him! - Mom, you don't... - Now, young lady. I'm not going to hurt you. If there's any word of you fighting at school, it's over for you missy, do you understand? We're so sorry about this, miss Cartman. Oh, no, thank you so much for your time. It really won't happen again. You're very sweet. Thank you again. Come on, muffin. Okay, mommy. Man, it's almost time for school to start. Wendy still isn't here. I don't know what's going on. I showed up. Where is she? How come she is not showing up for the fight. Here she comes! What's up, I thought we were meeting early to fight. You know I can't fight you. Why not? You chicken? I can't figt you because you came crying to my house last night with your mom. That's a dozie, did you come up with that one on your own. Yeah, you come up with that one on your own? I ain't frontin' dawg, let's do it. Let's do it right now! - Come on, Wendy, kick his ass! - I can't! God dammit, she chickened out. I told you guys! Oh, I'm glad that's over with. Yeah, guess who dodged a bullet, Galahad. I always knew deep down Wendy didn't have any ball. And so we must all recycle every day. Recycling is important and it will save our planet earth. The end. Very nice, Clyde. Okay, we have time for one more report before recess, who would like to go? Thank you. My report today is on breast cancer awareness. I do not believe enough is being done and like the victims of breast cancer, there's something i'd like to get off my chest. We all must fight and hopefully kid titty cancer will be a distant memory. You unbelievable bastard. You beat me, but you won't stop. What did the breast cancer say to the polish monkey? Okay, Eric, that's enough you smart ass. Why? Why are you doing this to me? Why won't you just stop. >> Wendy testaburger to the principal's office, please? Wendy testaburger to the principal's office. God! I've been hearing rumors about a fight between you and Eric Cartman. No, ma'am there isn't going to be a fight. Oh, no? Are you sure? Yes, ma'am. I see. I noticed all the things you've done for breast cancer awareness month. Did you know I'm a breast cancer survivor? Ma'am? I was diagnosed seven years ago. Cancer is pure evil, it is fat little lump that needs to be destroyed. When there is a cancer, you have to fight it. You can't reason with cancer, you can't wish it away. Cancer doesn't play by the rules so neither can you. My parents said that if I fight... And you can't listen to what anybody else tells you. You have to be willing to give up everything because the cancer will take everything. Do you understand? Yes, ma'am! When you have cancer, you fight because it doesn't matter if you beat it or not. You refuse to let that fat little lump think you feel powerless. She's gonna fight. Wendy's gonna fight Cartman right now. What? Go deep, Craig. Not that deep, retard. She's coming. She's coming. - Butters get out of here. - Wendy is coming to fight you. Boy, here we go. About freaking time. All right. Let's do it! What's up? What's up? Wendy, don't forget I'll tell my mom on you. I don't care. Recess is almost over, I don't know if there's really time. Shut up and fight! Alright, fine Wendy, I'll fight you. Screw him up, Wendy! I'm finished. Somebody, somebody call the principal! You have don't have to say anything. I know how it is. I'm no longer the cool kid. Now you all think I'm a fag. My school life is over because now all the guys don't think I'm cool. Dude, we never thought you were cool. That's not true. You're just saying that. No, really, we've always thought you suck. Yeah, nothing's changed. Our opinion of you can't possibly go any lower. You're just saying that to make me feel better. No, it's true. We've always hated you. Don't try and make me feel better, you guys. Wait, wait a minute, why would you guys be saying stuff to make me feel better? Unless, unless you do think I'm cool. What? If you're all trying to make me feel better then you must still like me. I've been so worried about you guys were going to think of me getting beat up by a girl.