voted "sexiest man alive."</i> [ audience catcalls ] America's sweetheart, mr. nice guy, The star of the new smash-hit romantic comedy "love mate," Leading man of my wife's dreams, liam mcbride! Liam! Look out! Yes, liam mcbride. Yeah! Whoo! All right. Here we go. here, come on. Have a seat. sit down. Wow. Look at that. Well... I didn't get to do that with her. All right, big fella, time to get to work here. [ grunts, laughs ] So -- so, liam, how's it going, my friend? Fantastic, man. couldn't be better. yeah, i guess so. Well, your reputation precedes you. Uh, in fact, it says right here That tmz has you listed with 19 women in the last year. [ audience murmurs ] yeah, that's wild, man. Completely wild. how do you find the time? Well, you know what? i'll tell you, it's not easy. [ laughter ] Yeah. a-any of them serious? No. no way. You know, they only want one thing -- their picture with me in us magazine,</i> And they're willing to [bleep] to get it. [ audience murmurs ] [ chuckles ] all right. uh, w-what's the new movie about, then?</i> Oh, you know, same old crap. Boy meetgirl, boy digs girl, girl digs boy, Girl and boy hump like rabbits. All right. all right. Okay, uh, this isn't cable. W-we get the picture. No, you don't. See, these girls -- they just use you. I mean, everybody uses everybody, But these no-talent bitches -- They just want to ride your [bleep] to stardom. [ audience booing ] What the [bleep] do you think you're booing, huh?! Oh, they're just getting rowdy. No, really, what the [bleep] liam. Yeah, you -- the fat cow in the back! where is he going? It's all right. you want to [bleep] with me?! No, the show's -- all right, let's do it! Hey! [bleep] Ohh! Get him out of here! [bleep] off of me! [ audience booing ] you [bleep] dregs of society! You [bleep] pious sheep! You self-righteous [bleep] bastards! You can't [bleep] think for yourself! you know what?! [bleep] all right.</i> [bleep] you, you pious -- oh, you want to...</i> [ clears throat ] this occurred approximately two hours ago. What's he been doing since then? studio security grabbed him As he was about to drive his ferrari Right through the guard gate. It's just unbelievable. This is liam mcbride, "america's wet dream." He has a history of substance abuse -- Probably on something, most likely ice. When's he due in? Uh, liam and his people, whoever they are, Are about to arrive in about... 15 minutes. That's about 1600 hours, general. The media helicopters are following a black navigator With smoked windows. That vehicle will pull up tohe curb Of the e.r. entrance. God, there must be 100 paparazzi waiting there already. That's the decoy. Liam's manager, andy something, Will pull up to the delivery entrance at the same time. Liam will be in the backseat, hiding. [ siren wailing ] how do we get him up on the ward? I've secured an elevator from the lobby to the third floor. It should work. It'll work. [ chuckling ] What is so funny? We're dealing with a major celebrity here. In today's world, that's a flood. There's no way we're not gonna get wet. Not on my watch. who's the attending? This is my area. What area? addiction. He hasn't even been diagnosed yet. High card wins. what?! Uh...uh... [ sighs ] Please. Uh... Yes! King of spades. All right, any other concerns? Once he gets here, we treat him like any other patient. No special privileges. [ indistinct radio chatter ] [ helicopter blades whirring ] Hey, uh, who's who? i'm andy forndale, liam's manager. Nora skoff, hospital administrator. nora. I'm jack gallagher, The director of psychiatric services. Help him. help him. [ indistinct conversations ] Uh, can we get him into t war I gave him a pill. what kind of pill? How the hell should i know? there was no pill. It was a blue one. [ women screaming, camera shutters clicking ] [ indistinct shouting ] Surf's up. [ ding! ] [ camera shutters clicking ] All of your questions will be answered. Dr. carl belle? Yes, that's correct. Dr. carl belle... with an "e Woman: dr. belle, i have a question. question over here, doctor. Did liam sleep through the night? He was given a mild sedative. he fell asleep around 11:06. Uh, he awoke sometime before dawn, used the facilities, And then went back to sleep until 8:00 this morning. Yes. Have you made a diagnosis yet, doctor? That would be premature. We've yet to do an in-depth intake. In order to ascertain The exact nature of the mental illness of a patient, One must be... ...patient. [ indistinct shouting ] okay, okay. [ knock on door ] they just caught two reporters Hanging from the window ledge on -- Oh, my god! Can i see? Wow, it's stunning. Is it a secret admirer? Nope. Anniversary present. Wedding anniversary? No. Anniversary of my divorce! Oh! [ chuckles ] Right! I really shouldn't have. If you knew how much i paid for it... No. you deserve it. It took me 10 years of marriage To realize i made a mistake And a bout with cancer to get me up off my ass. The hell with it. I think we should celebrate this. Girls' night out? We could hit the clubs. [ chuckles ] oh, i have nothing to wear. [ both laugh ] we could do a lunchtime shopping spree. Oh, no, not with cnn hovering, And i've got barbara walters waiting on... No...oh... What ledge?! [ imitating gunshots ] [ lasers blasting ] I can't believe this is happening. How long have you been his manager? Forever. Got him his first big break And negotiated his last $20 million fee. [ blasting continues ] Has he ever broken down before? You got to understand, liam's an actor's actor -- Real thing -- totally immersed in his roles. And, yeah, sometimes he mixes reality and fiction, And he doesn'tome out of it until the picture's wrapped. That's his gift. [ breathing heavily ] This is all my fault. The agency rushed him into doing his next picture. He's been prepping for it night and day. He's totally exhausted. i should have put my foot down. Tell me about that new movie. It's a total departure. it's a serious role. It's oscar-winning material. The producers are calling me like every three seconds. I'd like to read the script. uh... [ chuckles ] you got to understand, doc, It's pretty hush-hush. Can't have the general public knowing. It will just be me. Yeah. Okay. And now... Instead of mounting barbed steeds To fright the souls of fearful adversaries, Me capers nimbly in a lady's chambers To the lascivious pleasing of a lute. Look... liam's not just a client. He's my best friend. he's like family. But i, that am not shaped for sportive tricks... Whatever you need. Just get me that script. ...for sportive tricks, Nor made to court an amorous looking glass -- I, that am rudely stamped And want of love's majesty To strut before a wanton, ambling nymph... "richard iii." Not bad. [ birds flapping, cawing ] aah!</i> They're circling! The gulls...are... Circling! [ screams ] Hitchcock. [ chuckles ] Classic. Classic symptomatology -- Auditory hallucinations, desired illusions, Disorganized speech and behavior -- classic. If that'the case, he's chosen the wrong profession. I would think the emotional demands of an actor Would exacerbate the problem over time. He's been in and out of rehab for years. Are we not gonna consider a drug component? I ordered blood work to exclude hypothyroidism, Systemic affection, h.i.v. I've also ordered a c.t. scan and a drug panel. Jack... You got anything to add? Psych 101 -- textbook psychotic break. Right. Textbook. A messenger brought this for you. Thank you. Oh. the daily news and people magazine --</i> They want to send a photographer to take your picture. And ellen and, um, Jules luckman, president of liam's fan club. Yeah, i know who he is. Little twerp got ahold of my cellphone. How do celebrities do it day in and day out? I mean, your life is not your own. Lucky you drew the low card. [ chuckles ] That's ellen. Blood work? No, no blood. hey, liam, it's just a little test. No blood! No blood! no leeches! Get them off! no leeches! get them off! No leeches! no leeches! Get them off me! get them off me! No leeches! no leeches! No leeches! Get them off me! Get them off of me! Hey, take it easy. liam. liam, calm down, all right? Get them off me! [ beep ] [ grunts ] I'm a little teapot, short and stout. Here is my handle. here is my spout! [ clapping ] Bravo. A couple of notes on performance -- While psychotic behavior Can include, uh, disorganized speech, Auditory and visual hallucinations, Rapid mood swings are part of a different syndrome altogether. Kind of got your research mixed up. Bravo to you, doc. You got me. "crazy going slowly am i"? His new movie. "cuckoo's nest" for the new millennium? [ sighs ] Ohh. This was really sick. [ laughing ] fooled you. [ sighs ] Someone get me a damn latte. Whew. [ ding! ] How could a staff of trained professionals -- Carl: since you are clearly not, I suggest you take your criticism -- [ laughing ] come here. look at this. you're the [bleep] problem! I've seen it. Why not release a statement? We knew it was an act l along. We were simply helping mr. mcbride prepare For a, uh, difficult role about serious mental illness In order to increase public awareness. Why not? Because we are not sailors on the good ship lollipop. We're living in the real world. There. now i've crossed the line?! you don't like me now?! guess what -- you made me! i'm you! get him off the [bleep] stage now.</i> you self-righteous [bleep] What's he doing? Ranting. perforng. do you know how many cars i've bought with your money?!</i> seven -- seven cars! you know how many boats?! three!</i> Jack: it's gone to commercial. Stage lights are off, so who exactly is he performing for? Lots of actors perform in front of mirrors without an audience. It's their process. sheep! sheep! They filmed the damn thing in cambodia. Land mines all over the place. Really? Hey, doc. Hey, hey. Excuse me. No hard feelings, i hope. I-i do have a tremendous amount of respect For the medical profession. Of course not. no hard feelings. I could never do what you do day in and day out, And i apologize if i stepped out of line. no. No. hell no. In fact, i've got to hand it to you. It was a, uh... It was a hell of a publicity stunt for the movie. I loved the gull thing. Yeah, that was great, wasn't it? I see 'em all the time. I got a place on the beach in malibu. Andy's a genius. It was andy's idea? It wasn't, uh -- what do you call him? -- Your agent, your publicist? No, no, no. those fools? I fired their asses. [ sighs ] So, what did you think of the script? It was good -- a real page-turner. Yeah, it's fantastic, isn't it? Okay, i'm ready. Drop by anytime. [ scoffing ] yeah. You mean that? yeah. It's for a good cause. Yeah, it is. Glad you see it that way. Shame, really. what? Oh, that you're leaving. I'm sure you've observed, Uh, quite a bit since you've been here. And i understand your movie starts shooting monday? Eh, it's too bad y can't stick around till then, Let it really soak in. Yeah? yeah. I've never granted that kind of access, of course. I can swing it if you're interested. No way. You think i should? For purely selfish reasons. [ chuckles ] I'd like to see a, uh, psychiatric ward and treatment Portrayed realistically for a change. You can't -- you can't make this stuff up. You've got to live it. Yeah, no, no, you're so right. Otherwise it would become a -- what's the word? -- caricature. Laughable, even. [ beep ] If you're serious... I'm serious. I'll offer my services as your personaluide. Excellent. Carl: have you lost your mind?! You talked him into staying, Even after the embarrassment he caused this hospital? And to you personally. He used a public facility for his own self-serving research. He's a callous, manipulative son of a bitch, And i want him off this ward! What are you up to? why'd you ask him to stay? Because he's mentally ill. he was putting on a show! He said so himself! He was also putting on a show when he appeared on tv! so? When the cameras stopped rolling and the lights went off, He was still performin Actually, he wasn't performing. I think he was having a breakdown -- For real -- And only later came up with the publicity-stunt cover story. so you actually think he is psychotic?</i> How would you assess a patient Exhibiting sexually provocative behavior, Melodramatic expressions of emotion, easy suggestibility, A desperate need for excessive admiration, And a grandiose sense of self-importance? Oh, you think he has a narcissistic personality disorder. So do a lot of creative types, too. Hmm. So?! Discharge him and find him a therapist! We just agreed he has a personality disorder. What we don't know is why. If we discharge him now, we run the risk Of another psychotic break. He needs to be here! Absolutely. [ door opens ] Hmm. Andy: of course i knew... When i booked the show. Liam thought it would be a good opportunity To promo the picture. Jack: you telling me it was his idea? And mine. Liam might be a great actor, but you're not. When you brought him in, You were genuinely concerned about him. You care about him. Obviously, he cares about you. You survived the massacre, didn't you? He fired his agent and publicist. Not justhem. The last few months, he's been cleaning house. He also fired his personal assistant, His lawyer, his trainer, and his stylist. Liam needs psychiatric help. [ laughs ] He's an actor. De niro put on a hundred pounds for "raging bull." He got himself a hack license, Drive a cab around new york for "taxi driver." Hoffman -- he stays up for three days So he can get that really tortured look in "marathon man." Cage goes on a drinking binge in "leaving las vegas." I mean, that's the biz, man. They're not really insane. Liam's on the verge of a major breakdown, One he might not recover from. I'm supposed to have liam On the set of "crazy going slowly" monday morning. I cannot begin to tell you how dangerous it's gonna be For him to play a mentally ill person In his present state. We have a flight out of l.a.x. in six hours. He'll be on it. [ knock on door ] Liam. Doc. [ clears throat ] I'm really glad you've taken the time to experience this, You know, for your research. Oh, i wouldn't have missed it. Now, you're gonna be playing the part Of a dangerously psychotic patient, Which probably means you'd be put in restraints. Is that okay? mm-hmm. [ sighs ] Radical-exposure therapy is, Simply put, exposing people to their biggest fears. Like the rats in "1984." Great book. So, uh, let's say you're afraid to fly. Exposure therapy would involve taking you up in a plane And forcing you to face that fear. Got it. So what's the patient's fear we're dealing with? You tell me. What, like an improv? okay, brilliant. Um, fear, like, um, fear of the dark or being alone? Perfect. let's start with those. Yeah, sure. [ clears throat ] Good, liam. you're doing great. And let's overlay the feeling Of being in a deep, dark tunnel, Trapped, unable to escape. Okay! Okay. I get it. lose the restraints, okay? That's good, liam. that's -- that's good. Right about now, the patient would be feeling agitated And -- and be sort of begging to be sefree. Yeah, i get it. Let's turn the lights on, And let's take the restraints off, okay? I'm not kidding! i want out! Sure you do. That's so good. and so does he. But it's not really the restraints that are holding him back. That's just a mechanism. What's holding him back are the thoughts -- The thoughts inside his head that he can't get rid of. No, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, doc! Doc, doc, doc! doc! D-dr. gallagher, sir?! [ screams ] Doc, i want out! this isn't a game! [ screams ] Please, dr. gallagher, sir?! You son of a bitch! you son of a... [ grunts ] this is not a game! [ grunts ] You son of a bitch! You son of a bitch! You're doing this on purpose, Payback for the publicity stunt. Look at him. I am. Are you? Is he really that good an actor?! Dr. gallagher, please, come -- Are you his friend? Are you his family?! Or is that just another helping of hollywood rubbish? [ crying ] [ breathing heavily ] Help him. Please help him. I will. [ ding! ] [ siren wailing ] "liam mcbride, who voluntarily committed himself "after a breakdown on an afternoon talk show, "later admitted it was all to hype his upcoming film, "'crazy going slowly am i.' "however, liam has now decided to remain in the hospital "to do further research And to wage his continuing battle with prescription drugs." See, hollywood's fine with drug addiction. It's almost a rite of passage. But mental illness, on the other hand... You should be really proud of yourself. He came in here pretending to be crazy, And you actually made him crazy. Proud? no. Vindicated. What about the drug thing? Pure fiction. the panel was negative. So, what's the treatment plan? Psychotherapy. Something's gumming up the works. Leaving me to fend off the media incursion, The wrath of hollywood producers, And liam's new agency. That's why you get paid the big bucks. yeah. I need to know about his family, Where he grew up -- complete and accurate history. I'll see what i can dig up. [ gasps ] oops. What's this? Liam's official press kit -- Everything you wanted to know about liam mcbride, Or everything the studio wanted you to know. Why, thank you. mm-hmm. How did you, um... Slowly, painfully, i'm learning to anticipate your every need. And ignore most of them? That's for your own good. Not in the mood? I haven't had sex in two days. Is that unusual? [ scoffs ] unprecedented. People think my life is so much better than theirs That all they have to do is sleep with me, And some of it rubs off. You've never been married? He never met the right girl. He grew up in lincoln, nebraska. Yep. Right down the street from the movie theater. What about family? Only child -- Dad and mom. Dad was a plumbing contractor. Believe it or not, liam can fix a toilet pretty well. His mom worked for the phone company. How'd he get the bug? He played baseball in high school -- Team captain junior year -- Until he broke an ankle sliding into home. Rather than sitting around on the bench collecting splinters, He ended up in a drama class and never looked back. [ echoing ] his bio says he moved to the west coast After college, got a job waiting tables, Started acting classes, and met andy... [ normal voice ] who discovered him... And launched his career. No. Not andy. It was somebody else. Hey. Yeah, it's really me. He's worse. He's talking about liam like he's a totally different person. Dissociation. comes and goes. And he's not worse. he's evolving. What does that make you -- darwin? I tried to talk to liam about his past, And this is what i got. "dad was a plumbing contractor. Believe it or not, liam can fix a toilet pretty well." so? "rather than sitting around on the bench collecting splinters, He ended up in a drama class and never looked back." Verbatim quotes from a studio bio. What's the real story, andy? Don't know. Liam doesn't like to talk about his past. Who would know? [ sighs ] look... I can't help you. Even if i could, i wouldn't, Because then i'd be history like the rest of liam's posse. I'm his only friend. [ dog barking ] [ knock on door ] Door's open. Norm, of course. I understand. But... Let's be clear. If you don't have that check on my desk, I'm gonna come over, And i'm gonna burn your building down. Love you. Huh. huh. I think i have something for you. Actually, i'm here to talk about liam. Oh, stop right there. What the hell is wrong with you people? I already told the press That i don't give interviews about my former clients. I'm dr. jack gallagher. i'm his psychiatrist. He's in trouble, maggie. I need information, Anything you can tell me about his past. [ sighs ] i had a feeling that someone like you Would show up at my door one day. Have a seat. [ crickets chirping ] [ chuckles ] I just had a really interesting phone call. Nice for you. yeah, it was from a daily news reporter.</i> She was looking for confirmation for an anonymous tip That she'd received from in the hospital. I've said it before -- Security here is practically nonexistent. The place is a sieve. yeah. What sort of tip? Well, that liam mcbride Wasn't staying on to continue his research. In fact, he'd had a huge breakdown As a result of his treatment here. Whoops. yeah. What was your response? No comment. They're going with the story? Not without confirmation. What surprises me, particularly seeing As that you were way out in front of the press On this matter, Is that they didn't call you. that is surprising. Perhaps they have yet to get to me. Of course, my response would be the same as yours. Do you really think this is the way you'll get rid of jack -- With petty sniping and subterfuge, And in the process, defaming the good name of this hospital? Never crossed my mind. Though as long as we're soliciting for confessions, You might as well admit, at least to yourself, That you lie in bed at night Wishing that gallagher were far, faaway, Clearing the path for you to become director. What i think about when i'm lying in bed at night Is none of your business. Perhaps not. Though i do find the topic fascinating. [ electricity zaps ] Ohh! God! What the hell?! not again. Oh, aren't you the boy scout. [ chuckles ] "be prepared." Thank you. Can someone please check the generator? [ doorknob rattles ] Ohh! Oh! [ grunting ] N-no! [ ding! ] [ birds chirping ] Veronica: he was trying to inject himself with testosterone? Why on earth... Because he was hing trouble Living up to his image as the sexiest man alive. Where did he get it? The ever-resourceful andy, Who forgot to supply a syringe. [ chuckles ] so it was drugs, st not the kind we thought.</i> At least now we know the problem. No, we don't. I agree. Testosterone over-supplementation May cause anything from increased sex drive To shrinking testicles and mood swings, But it doesn't present As a narcissistic personality disorder. If this should leak to the press, His career is over. Discharge him. Not yet. i think he is addicted. His drug of choice is himself -- the image of liam mcbride. Not his real name, by the way. I think he's addicted to being the person That everybody sees him as -- handsome, witty, charming. Sex symbol. most importantly. Testosterone was his way of self-medicating. Uh-huh. so? So i have to find a way... To get him to open up. [ knock on door ] Hey, hey. [ door closes ] I assume you're not here for my autograph. [ laughs ] I was, uh, hoping to try something, With your permission. What? Hypnosis. I've seen those in old movies, But i didn't know they were still used. Oh, yeah. yeah, they work. I thought hypnosis was pretty much discredited, Like vegas voodoo. What's that? This? It's, uh, de-inhibitor solution -- Spy stuff. ah, i don't know. T dangerous. Liam, you know you can leave here tomorrow With those demons that keep you up at night. Or you can leave knowing you tried to face those demons And, uh, hopefully get on with your life. Okay, liam, i want you to clear your mind Of all your thoughts. Just relax. Now look directly into the wheel. Take a breath, feel the beat of your heart. Slow it down, down, down. Let it go. Now, let's go back. Let's go back to when you first arrived in los angeles. How old are you? 14. Are you by yourself? Yeah. Why did you leave home? Because my mom left the house one night with her boyfriend And didn't come back. And where was your father? I never knew my father. All right, liam. How are you supporting yourself? There's this guy named rob. He's got a place, and a lot of guys stay there. Um, i'm partying a lot. There's really good dope and booze. There's pretty girls. I'm running errands for rob sometimes. What kind of errands? It's all right, liam. We'll go back to that. Now, you've been in los angeles for six months. How are you doing? I'm broke. i have nothing to eat. I stole from a friend. Rob is gonna kick me out unless... I don't want to be on the street alone. What is rob making you do? Rob says i can make money -- $100 or more a night... ...'cause i'm a pretty boy. He knows older women that like to have sex with pretty boys. I don't want to do it, but i go with him one night. But it isn't women. It's men. [ echoing ] liam? liam? Liam? What happens then? I told him i wouldn't, but i'm just so strung out. And he offers me $50. I told him $100. He pays me. And i do it. Rob says it gets easier after the first time. But it never did. Liam... When i count to five... And click my fingers.. You will be completely and totally...awake. One, two, three, four, five. [ fingers snap ] [ sobs ] It's all right. It's out there now. [ sniffles ] We can handle it. Mm. Well, you know, at least you're dating again. Yeah. but it's just... I don't know. Isn't it weird, after being married for so long, To have to go shopping for condoms? I know. tell me about it. It's embarrassing. Why are you shopping for condoms? 'cause i'm having an affair. What? Someone from work. Who?! Rylan -- dr. rylan moore. Isn't he like 18? Nora. Why? Are things with denny so bad? No. It's just that -- It's just that when we met, we -- I was a 20-year-old, d i just fell for... A really cute musician with zero ambition. And guess what -- surprise, surprise -- We just grew apart. Oh. I'm glad you told me. Yeah. I'm glad i told you, too. I-i don't like holding things from you. What? what? nothing. Well, there's something i haven't told you. I met this guy, And we had this really beautiful weekend... ...at a ski resort in vermont. Ah, i knew it. i knew it. There was something more to that trip. Us sleeping together has nothing to do with why i hired jack. I mean, actually, i almost didn't hire him because of that.</i> You still attracted to him? [ laughs ] Yes. But nothing's gonna happen. You're so full of crap. You hire a guy you slept with, You're still attracted to him, And you actually think you can sit there And decide that it's not gonna happen? You marry somebody that you can dominate, And then you're having an affair on him with a younger guy? And for you. Why, thank you. And you. Mmm. enjoy. I feel much better now. Me too. [ camera shutters clicking ] Guess this is the part Wheri'm supposed to thank you for saving my psyche, huh? A little out of character, though, 'cause, as you know, it's all about me. It's not about one of us. it's about you, okay? You have some serious work ahead. Yeah, i know. I'm ready. [ elevator bell dings ] [ camera shutters clicking ] [ indistinct shouting ] What up, guys? Liam, what was it like in there? It was quite humbling. Stay back. there are a lot of very sick people here, But there are also dedicated professionals Trying very hard to help them. He's good? better than good. I called an old friend of mine from med school, Specializes in personality disorders. Liam will start therapy straightaway. oh. Do you believe your research will make for a better film? Yeah, bet on it. Pretty smooth. Eh, he's an actor. Hypnosis, huh? Any other tricks you got up your sleeve? Unfortunately, i don't even have that one. What do you mean? I faked it. A little de-inhibitor solution also helped. There's no such thing. Yeah, well, he didn't know that. Saline? Yeah. All he really needed was an excuse to let go. Oh. Well, you really missed your calling in life. An actor? No way! [ laughs ] What i really want to do