after friday night's debauch. How's the course? Five star all the way. Green's as smooth as a maiden's thighs. And hopefully as reachable. [ Both laugh ] You're bad. You bringing the wife? I thought the idea was to relax. Oh. Just so you know, she's welcome. Dad and i consider you and yours To be part of the highgard family. We talking board seat? Could be. Hmm. [ Both laugh ] [ Beep ] I will be at the desk. Hello. Hi. Woman on p.A.: Dr. Ryan to the psychiatric ward.</i> Dr. Ryan to the psychiatric ward.</i> Admissions, please call nurse's station two, south.</i> Admissions, please call nurse's station two, south.</i> Dear? Hon? Hello? Hi. I need you to print up some patient data for me a.S.A.P. Mr. Highgard, You know that patient files are access restricted. Well, i won't tell if you won't. I won't have to. Fine. I'll put carl on it. I don't believe we've met. Jack gallagher. There he is, the new man in charge! Tom highgard, highgard pharmaceuticals. Doesn't ring a bell. We do a ton of business with you people. The somnilex drugs? Uh-Huh. Drawing a blank. Our signature sleep-Disorder drug, somnilex. [ Laughs ] Frankly, doc, i'm surprised you're not more up to speed. They must be keeping you pretty busy with the day-To-Day stuff. [ Laughing ] oh. Pushing that pencil. Sure. [ Beep ] No problem! Carl belle's been our point person for years. Gallagher: oh, good man. Oh, the best. Mm-Hmm. Say, we-- We're having this little corporate getaway In laguna next week, and i can, uh... I can try to squeeze you in. You know, meet the guys. Maybe [chuckles] break a few commandments, huh? [ Laughs ] sounds good. Great. Great. Say, tom, Has carl mentioned our new aggression-Therapy technique? No. Cutting edge. You must check it out. Oh. Well, do i get a hint, or... Well, it's confrontational, Fast-Acting, a real problem solver. So? So... [ Grunts ] [ Sighs ] You guys seen tom highgard? You just missed him. [ Chuckles ] [ Ding! ] The most disgraceful, Unprofessional conduct that i've ever heard of. How's highgard? Furious. With good reason. Gallagher should be terminated immediately. Short of that. Reprimanded and put on notice by the board, Forced to apologize to tom highgard on his knees. Short of that. Gallagher may not appreciate the financial gold mine That highgard and the other drug companies represent By running clinical trials at this hospital, But i know that you do. Of course i do, Not to mention the prestige and the p.R. The only reason highgard isn't talking to his attorneys right now Is my assurance that we would make this right. Dr. Gallagher will offer a written apology, Including unequivocal support for the ongoing relationship Between highgard pharmaceuticals and wharton memorial. What about this? I haven't seen that. Well, it's gallagh's new policy, Barring drug company and other sales reps from patient wards Without permission from the director in advance. I'll get back to you on that. Gallagher just got here, and he's already a runaway train. You're only delaying the inevitable. Aren't we all? Dr. Stone, please respond to your page.</i> Dr. Stone, please respond to your page.</i> [ Telephone rings ] Darren knuth. Age 23, no history of treatment for mental illness. There is, however, a history of violent acts Beginning in his early teens -- Two convictions, one as a juvenile. Police brought him in last night on a 72-Hour hold. Veronica: under what charges? Assault and battery. Beat the crap out of two high-School football players. What set him off? They were leaning against his car. Why is he here and not in jail? Well, after the incident, He drove his car into a brick wall... Four times. When the police got there, He was still sitting in it, sobbing. You did the intake? He has issues with his father -- Tremendous amount of anger, also abject fear. I suspect a lifetime of physical abuse, So i have a call scheduled with his father later. Medication? Sertraline. I'd like to sit in on the patient follow-Up. Of course. Gideon graham. Tms scheduled for today. His daughter will be here observing the procedure. Fashion model. Transcranial magnetic stimulation? Yeah. I hope to god the damn thing works. I had to promise the guy at county my firstborn child To get him to lend it to us. It works. I took it for a test run last night. What? You tried tms on yourself? Tapping sensation at the contact points Is a little bit irritating. Get past that, and there's a nice little buzz. Okay, obviously, i need to restate the hospital policy On self-Experimentation. How crazy are you? Question is, will tms have any affect on gideon? Well, nothing else we've done has. Well, i hope we're not ready to throw in the towel. We owe him better. He's an icon -- National treasure. Are you suggesting, dr. Gallagher, That your personal fascination with gideon Should influence the amount of effort we extend on his behalf? I'm suggesting that we failed him. We need the bed, jack. If it doesn't work today, we're done. It looks like an execution. Well, the actual amount of current generated is... Is about the same as an mri. I hope you people know what you're doing. [ Monitor beeping ] Will it hurt? Some patients experience an uncomfortable tapping sensation At the point where the current's applied. It's not that bad. You're gideon's daughter. Jack gallagher. Naobi. Veronica: we're ready in here.</i> The generator will produce short magnetic pulses Directed towards certain areas in gideon's brain. We'll measure and monitor any resulting activity, Although there may be some visible contractions</i> To muscles of the scalp and jaw. Okay? Breathe. [ Monitor beeping ] Come on, gideon. This is your wake-Up call. [ Thunder crashes ] [ Thunder crashes ] Okay, we're increasing the intensity.</i> Is that safe? They'll keep it within the guidelines. [ Grunts ] What's that? Involuntary spasm. [ Thunder crashes ] Stable. Hold the coil on the contact point for longer. Aah! Jack. [ Thunder crashes ] [ Grunting ] Okay. Syringe, now! It's okay. It's okay, dr. Graham. [ Monitor beeping ] Don't worry. They've got it under control. What the hell happened? He responded... More than he has to any stimulus Or any treatment since the accident. It's progress. [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] Pre-Columbian? Lucky guess. Anthropology major at oxford. And ended up a real-Life supermodel. I love my father. I just want what's best for him. I've been doing some research. What subject? Keraunopathy -- The pathology of lightning. It's fascinating. This research, pure coincidence? I'm a fan, big-Time. I've read and reread every page he's ever published. Are you going to cut gideon loose? Is that what you want? I want you to keep trying, Unless you're ready to tell me right now That it's never gonna happen. How much do you know about catatonia? Not enough. The lightning strike caused organ failure, Burns, neurological trauma, And your father's body and mind shut down, Passed in to a coma. As his body recovered, He went from coma into his present state. Coma's a physical condition. Catatonia is a neuropsychiatric one. So you're saying he went from being damaged to being insane? I ha-- I hate that word. I have no idea what it means. Think of it this way -- Um, your father's lost inside himself. Why? At a guess, overwhelming grief. My mother's death. And here's where your father's intellect and imagination Might actually impede recovery. He has the capacity to -- To build an incredibly rich, airtight internal environment And use that as a wall against reality. I would rather see gideon dead Than see him as a houseplant in some institution. Work with him. Naobi, we're a way station. People don't stay here indefinitely. My father's exceptional. I agree. So make an exception. Hey, boss. Jack: how's the water? Jump in. "Do we seek the womb in aquatic environments, Or is it simply the nearest we humans come to flying?" That's nice. Gideon wrote it. Really? You wrote that, mr. "G"? Malcolm, take a breather. You're a real trip, doc. Jack: nice-Looking scar. Hard to come by, too. Consider the odds -- 1 in 700,000 Of being hit by lightning in any given year. Malcolm: that was weird. Never happens with you. Him tensing up like that? Uh-Huh. No. Gideon loves the water. You want to see something even weirder? Always. All right, let's try and get some shoes on you. All right, let's try the other one. Happens every time. All right, mr. "G," no shoes for you today. Interesting. [ Ding! ] [ Mid-Tempo piano music plays ] [ Sniffs ] This would all be much simpler If you'd just tell me what you're thinking. [ Telephone rings ] Been working on a gideon theory. Good. Nora just put his release paperwork on my desk. We've been surrounding gideon With the fabric of his own life -- Visitors, favorite music, keepsakes -- Trying to reconnect him to the world. No response. Drug therapy, same. Electroshock, same. We tried tms -- The least invasive therapy of all. And the guy freaks. Why? You're the man with the theory. Do you know what a flashover is? Can you get arrested for it? In a strike, lightning impacts the body At specific entry and exit points. In between, the current flashes over the entire surface Of the body causing lichtenberg figures. The burn patterns on gideon. Mm-Hmm. It's like a wave. A very fast wave. Milliseconds. Like an electromagnetic pulse. Are you saying that the tms Made gideon relive the lightning strike? Why didn't the same thing happen with the e.C.T.? We administer electroshock under anesthesia. Tms is come as you are. Sounds thin, jack. Told you, i'm working on it. Send gideon's paperwork over to me. It can sit on my desk for a while. You seem tense today, darren. My new meds are crap! And the relaxation exercises we worked on? They make me want to puke! When we entered your room just now, What was the first thing you thought of? Bitch-Slapping your ugly face! [ Breathing heavily ] Careful. What are you gonna do about it? It's what i hope to avoid doing. What's that? Talking to your father. No. No. Once was enough. Instead, we'll vary your medication And go back over those exercises. Okay? Okay. [ Door closes ] [ Clears throat ] Sign this. Am i buying something? Your apology to tom highgard. Oh. I assume i was suitably contrite? Profoundly remorseful. Pressures of the job? Having had a really bad day. Et cetera, et cetera? Which leaves us with the unfinished business Of your apology to me. You don't make policy. I make policy.</i> This hospital needs to remain financially viable To prosper and grow. I fight those battles so you don't have to. Nora, these guys peddle drugs. That's all they do. They don't give a damn about patient welfare. They'd be happy to reduce our role in treatment To handing out dime bags on the ward. Who makes policy here? You do. Write a memo. Cite specific examples, things you've observed. I'll consider it. Did you know that lightning is 16 times hotter Than the surface of the sun? Kiss my ass. I fly out to new york next week. I'll be there for about 10 days. Will you miss me, daddy? [ Footsteps approaching ] Look who's here. Gideon, may i borrow your daughter For a couple of minutes? Malcolm will keep you company. Thank you. Mom and dad were hiking in the sierras. A storm came in. All the other people, they went for shelter, But dad refused. Dad took mom to the edge of the cliff to watch the storm. Lightning hit. They both got cpr, but only dad lived. Do you blame gideon for your mother's death? He knew she was afraid of lightning. What was gideon working on before the accident? A new book -- "Book of judges." About what? Oh, i stopped reading his material a long time ago, But i can get you the manuscript. Gideon ever have a problem with footwear? [ Grunting ] [ Chuckles ] What if we're wrong? Do you ever start a conversation at the beginning? What if gideon's conscious? You mean faking? Hiding. It would explain his lack of progress. Well, so would severe brain trauma. What do you say we test it out? How? [ Door closes ] dr. Belle. [ Zipper unzips ] The patient today, you believed every word he said. I had no reason to doubt him. Patients lie. My sense is he lied to you at least once. That's why you have to probe deeper, be less accepting. Find his sore spots. Okay. Also [clears throat] the threat to call his father -- Heavy-Handed. Could have transferred his fear onto you and lashed out. Heavy-Handed. Got it. Arturo, you're a fairly good doctor Who might someday become a very good doctor. You're also arrogant. Dr. Belle, i'm sorry if -- Too late. Did you know [clears throat] That as chairman of the residency committee, My vote secured your position here? I'm grateful. You should be. We both know part of your transcript was falsified. A small part. It's still fraud. More than enough to justify rejecting your application. Even so... You voted to support my residency. [ Chuckles ] Despite his limited tenure here, You've come to admire jack gallagher, haven't you? Dr. Gallagher is innovative, dynamic, devoted to his work. I admire him very much. Good, because i think that you and dr. Gallagher Should become friends. He'd probably like a friend. Seek him out, stand in his shadow, Earn his confidence... ...and report what you learn back to me. You want me to spy? Call it returning a favor. Obviously, you have a choice to make. [ Lock clicks ] [ Gasps ] Don't ask. [ Elevator bell dings ] I'm just waiting for someone. Lucky guy. [ Chuckles ] This is grand theft. No, it's not. I signed for everything. Under what name? Dr. Carl belle. [ Laughs ] nice touch. Well, tom highgard would be pleased. Somnilex does put people to sleep. Highgard's been testing sleep patterns, So we're gonna see just how asleep gideon really is. 71 minutes. Normal r.E.M. And non-R.E.M. Sleep patterns -- Completely normal. Jack, he's -- Yeah. The lights are on, and gideon's home. [ Ding! ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Morning. Hey. Nice bike. Yeah. It's good exercise. No carbon footprint. I know. I've been thinking about getting one myself. You know what to look for? [ Cellphone rings ] no. Not really. Becky? Hey. How are you doing today? Becky, you know, if you -- If you ever want to have lunch with your big brother, You know i'm always available. You remember where -- Wharton memorial. Why don't you just jump in a cab, And i'll -- I'll pay for it when you get here? Becky? [ Click ] Damn it. Sister live here? Uh...why don't you stop by the office, And i'll point you in the right direction on that bike? I'd really appreciate that. Woman on p.A.: Wheelchair to admissions, main lobby.</i> Wheelchair to admissions, main lobby.</i> Thank you. Walk with me. Sure. Don't worry about highgard. I smoothed things over with him. Does that mean we're still on for laguna? [ Scoffs ] I don't think it's your scene. No? No, but very much mine. I can see that. Thing is... I'll do more long-Term good for this hospital in one weekend Than you'll accomplish in months. On the, uh...course? It's where the money flows, doctor. [ Beep ] Did you sleep? I went for a bike ride. You? An hour's nap, hot shower, bowl of cereal. Real exciting life. I'm surprised you're not in a better mood. What have we really accomplished? Well, we have a theory, And with the sleep data, we have support for that theory. At least we can make a case for keeping him here longer. You said it yourself -- We've already tried everything. Just keeping him here isn't enough. Now who's ready to throw in the towel? There's a next step. I just have to figure out what it is. Mm-Hmm. Uh-Huh. Mr. Breyer. Jack gallagher. Thanks so much for meeting me. Well, it's a pleasure. You've been gideon's editor for quite some time. 27 years. Wow. That's remarkable. It's nice work. I wouldn't change one day. Can you tell me who "v" is? Where did you hear that name? The book is dedicated to him... Her...it. Well, you're holding his best work, you know? There's no question. And "v"? No. Thank you. I begged him not to. He was adamant. I told him the dedication would lead to nothing good. Vivian. How long had it been going on? Not that long, really -- Less than a year. Nor was vivian the first. What made her so different? In a way, the dedication itself. I mean, sansa knew, of course. Sansa always new. But the dedication made the truth public And, therefore, intolerable. Was he deliberately trying to sabotage his marriage? No. No. Without sansa, he was nothing. He knew that. Then why? Why? Ask him. I did. He laughed. Pure ego, perhaps. Maybe she knows. Um, i'm gonna go upstairs in a minute. It's been, um, difficult to see him like this. Do you think my visits do any good at all? Oh, yeah. I think so. Conventional wisdom says so, anyway. You know what gideon called conventional wisdom? Rank stupidity. Not an easy man to be friends with. I miss him. Where can i find this vivian? Someone finally asked the right question. If you knew he was here, why didn't you come before? I never had more than half of gideon. And, by the end, almost nothing. I'm not sure i want to help. Oh, come on. Tell me about the book. Our relationship brought something into gideon's life He never experienced before -- Guilt. I suppose i was flattered. When sansa found out about the dedication, She threatened to leave him, and he broke it off immediately, And, well, that was less than flattering. So you're saying that, through the book, Gideon was finding a way of judging himself. In his mind, no one else had the right. Where is gideon's mind, by the way? I was hoping you'd tell me. Wherever he is, he is laughing at us. Why do you think that? I assume he escaped the thing he feared most -- What we all fear if we're sane... The awareness, the constant reminder that... Life is not forever. A world without death, without inevitability. Gideon never believed in gods, But i think he would have liked to have been one. He seems old. I never thought about gideon as being old before this moment. Has naobi been to see him? Naobi's convinced that gideon ignored the storm's danger And deliberately led sansa to the edge of the cliff. Well, it's very likely. For what possible purpose? Well...he was intolerant of personal weakness In himself as well as in others. I wish he could see where it's gotten him. [ Indistinct conversations ] Is this a social call? What happens when you get struck by lightning? Your hair frizzes. You literally get blown out of your shoes. Gideon's shoe thing? Uh-Huh. I think he's cognitive and functioning. I want to try something -- Two things, actually. Convince me. Gideon, in the old testament, Appears in the book of judges, And that's also the title of our gideon's latest work. It's about choices, responsibility, And controlling your own fate. So? I think i'm finally getting into his head. I think he's exactly where he wants to be. At wharton? Somewhere else. I'm beginning to know how he feels. Can we cut to the chase? Gideon's judging that world that took his wife from him, And he's judging his role in her death. The things that you wanted? Tms again. Is another seizure a possibility? Yes. Is fatality even remotely a possibility? Yes. What was the second thing? Okay. What are we doing? We've been making it too easy for him, Filling his world full of memories, associations, Sounds, smells, things and people he loves. Why should you have it so good? Huh? Malcolm: he lost nearly everything. Seems to me he deserves some of his stuff around To make him happy. Guys, we've been enablers. You want to see gideon have a chance at recovery, Help me cut him off. [ Thunder crashes ] Help me give him a reason not to stay where he is. Emotional withdrawal. Cold turkey. Sorry, pal. Strip him. [ Ding! ] Legally, in case anything goes wrong. It's the only way i could make it happen. Seizures, possible brain injury, possible death? Unlikely, but possible. And if i don't sign? Then we're back where we were. You taking all of his pictures and d d uff off the walls, Leaving him in his room, and not letting me visit him Or read to him or play music to him? It's had some effect. We've seen slightly increased levels of rigidity And physical movement. Over time? No way to predict. You know that wall that gideon was building against reality? It's getting higher. It's getting stronger every day. What if it's a better place? I'm not sure. [ Sighs ] What's it like where you are, gideon? I'll bet magnificent. Sansa's there, isn't she? At your side, where she belongs.</i> Except sansa's gone. Gone. Do you remember? You killed her. You knew she was afraid of lightning. You knew the danger, but you thought --</i> You thought, "here's an opportunity to improve my wife, To help her face her fears!" Who are you to judge?! You can't control everything, gideon. You're just one man. Finite... Vulnerable... And, in the end, i think a coward. The pain and the guilt of an unjust world -- That, i get. What i don't get... Is you abandoning your daughter.</i> Sansa may be alive in your world, But she's an illusion. Naobi is here. [ Chuckles ] she's real.</i> I bet where you are it's safe. You're the man. You're in charge. You push the buttons. You judge. You, and you alone, wield the lightning, huh? Well, i'm here to tell you that you're wrong! Naobi. Naobi. Naobi: daddy. What sentence is passed, gideon? He's seizing! Exiled for life? Your verdict was wrong. No! Who are you to judge?! Where's your lightning now? Huh? It's a history of institutionalization and arrests Dating back to her 20th birthday. Paranoid schizophrenia. The arrests were drug-Related. Becky's short for rebecca? Yeah. Gallagher's fraternal twin. Yeah. Anything else? No. [ Chuckles ] Worthless information, but "c" for effort. Next time, do better. That door leads to the outer hallway. [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] Carl: gallagher, you're your own worst enemy. Please don't make this too easy for me. Woman on p.A.: X-Ray tech to room six.</i> X-Ray tech to room six. Thank you. Thank you both. There's a lot of work ahead. I'm gonna take him back to new york with me, Continue his treatment there. Maybe he'll travel again one day, Write another book. Maybe it can help. Maybe. [ Grunts ] [ Doorbell buzzing ] I thought you'd left. I have some unfinished business.