I thought it was going so well. Actually,she was my date last night. And that was her roommate. - Not your day. - Not my year. Maybe it's your technique,or the fact that you're a misogynistic pig. Maybe if you'd ever had a relationship with a man, You'd have something to offer here. This is what i love to see first thing in the morning -- Two of my favorite colleagues exchanging important behavioral diagnosis. What's the subject? Dating, failed relationships, suicidal ideations. - Ah.Comes with the territory. - What does? Intimacy issues, research, on my desk tomorrow morning. What's the divorce rate for psychiatrists As opposed to, say,internists? I'm assuming a little more? Almost double. Research, on my desk, tomorrow morning. You know, when i go to a party, I don't tell anyone that i'm even remotely attracted to That i'm a shrink. Yeah, they just freeze up and run for the hills. You're dating an architect. You pass by a beautiful building. Suddenly, they start warbling on About how aesthetically wrong the whole thing is. Fascinating, but you suck it up. You're a shrink. Do you ever start talking</i> About how this person or that person needs therapy? - No. - Why not? Well, it's too invasive. All comes down to the same line -- "Stop analyzing me." Stop analyzing me. Dr. Cutlett, dr. Briar, Please report to pre-Surgery corridor. Craig! Hi! What are you doing down here? Hello, doctor. I'm -- I'm gonna have surgery tomorrow. What kind of surgery? Uh, brain operation. Dirty whore! I-I don't understand. When you left the resident day clinic, You were doing so well -- What happened? I was.I-I-I thought so, too, but, um... Things have changed. I'm -- I'm going downhill. I'm so sorry to hear that,craig. Do you -- Do you know why that is? I -- I have to go now. Uh... M-Mimi's waiting for me. I-I need you to focus for a minute. Do you know what -- What kind Of brain surgery it is that you're having? It's called a cingulotomy. Douchebag! ??? Look,i -- I have to go. The last thing i need Is to get in a-Another fight with mimi. You're having troubles with mimi? Since when? Listen...i can't talk about it now. Bitch! All right, craig. The irony is,behavior is our specialty. We should be better at this than anyone else. Why can't we sustain a relationship? Wait a minute.You and -- Yeah,i got a "dear chloe" e-Mail. Oh, i'm sorry. What?No "i told you so"? Hey, i've been there. I know what it's like. What happened? I just think she couldn't handle How involved i was in my career. I mean, she has a life, i don't. We're residents. We work 18 hours a day. What does she expect? It's not just the hours. It's the fact that we're intimately involved In every detail of our patients' lives -- Their sexual needs, their fantasies, their dysfunctions. What did you expect? It's not the hours. But you're always telling us to ask more questions, dig deeper. And the deeper we dig into our patients' lives, The more we're burying our own. - I'm incredibly tuned in. - And humble. No, i mean with my patients. I sense what they're feeling, what they need from me. Women? I have no freakin' clue. I always end up saying the wrong thing. Or end up sleeping with their roommate. Maybe we're just screwed up. Is that terminology in the dsm-Iv? No, i-I mean to begin with. People who are drawn to this field -- Like you guys -- Usually do so because something in their own lives Has led them to believe that people are, in general, Including themselves, totally screwed up. So, basically, you're saying that none of us Is destined to have a successful relationship? That we're gonna go through life lonely and miserable? God, what is wrong with us? What's wrong with you? You're psychiatrists. www.1000fr.Com presents capture:´ó±¦ sync:nick</font> Mental s01 ep01 w w w . B i e r d o p j e . C o m A cingulotomy! I mean, can you believe this? Who ordered the surgery? Some hack shrink i've never even heard of His wife, mimi,put him onto. I mean, the wife calls the shots. How long have they been married? 10 years, no kids -- They were happy. Listen, this man was doing so well in my clinic.</i> When he first came to me, his ocd had gotten so bad, He was presenting with tourette's. Six months later,i said goodbye to him, The outbursts, the ticks -- Virtually gone. He got himself a new job. His marriage was back on track. When's the surgery scheduled? Tomorrow morning,8:00 a.M. A neurosurgeon here at wharton's performing it, A dr. Zan avidan. What kind of name is that, anyway -- Zan avidan? I have no idea. Anyway,i can't find her. I've been down to the neuro unit. I've -- I've left voice-Mail messages -- Nothing. Anyone would think she's hiding. "In recent studies, "32% of patients previously unresponsive to medication "And behavioral treatments for ocd Were at least partly improved after a cingulotomy." But that's just it -- He had vastly improved With behavioral treatments and medication. Does it mention there the side effects Of having the brain surgery? "Deficits of focus and sustained attention, "As well as mild executive dysfunction, Loss of speech,loss of memory." So he undergoes the surgery, Has parts of his brain tissue burned off, The success rate's below 50%, And there's side effects -- Nice.</i> I'm with you. The surgery's still in the experimental phase. I'm not a fan of cutting anyone open if an alternative exists. Now, obviously, he wasdoing well in your care With therapy and medication. Very well. Right.I think i'll go down to pre-Op And have a little chat with mr. Peters. Really?I-I'll go with you. Officially, he's not our patient. Well, officially, no. My department,my responsibility. Let me take the heat. Okay. - Craig? - Yes Dr. Jack gallagher. Are you the anesthesiologist? Actually, no. I'm the director of psychiatric services here at the hospital. Dr. Hayden-Jones -- Veronica -- She asked me to drop by. She was very concerned about you. Why? Tch! Douchebag! How much do you know about the operation tomorrow, craig? I was -- I was informed about the procedure. I-I was told that i would feel much better afterwards, And this surgeon -- Surgeon assured me that the operating room was sterile. Oh, yeah, it's sterile. Did they tell you, though, right before the operation, Someone's gonna come down here with a razor and shave your head? My whole - My whole head? But i-I don't have very much hair to begin with. And then they're gonna take you down to the operating room, Where someone's gonna drill a hole in your skull. But, uh... i'll be asleep by then. Oh, yeah,there'll be no pain involved. At least not till you wake up. You see, craig,most surgeons i know, They're very good at slicing people open, But they're not so good with helping With the months of recuperation afterwards. Months? Mm-Hmm. Afraid so. But my, uh --My symptoms -- The ticking,the swearing, The oc-- Ocd -- It's all gonna improve, right? Maybe.At least for the ocd anyway. No guarantees. Though were also no guarantees With psychotherapy and medication, And you did improve tremendously in veronica's day clinic. Nobody had to shave your head, drill a hole in your skull, Kind of root around inside your brain. Can i -- Can i still change my mind? I was hoping you'd ask that. Thought he was growing on you? No, he is, like a weed invading on my territory. It's not that he's doing a bad job. It's just that, you know, craig peters is my patient.</i> And, you know, he just comes in, and he takes over. - No more shop talk.- Sorry. So, was the penne puttanesca up to your standard? Mmm. It was a little al dente. Yeah. The goat-Cheese capellini was just shy of perfection. Okay. You should come over one night. I'll cook for you. Maybe i will. You won't. - What? - You won't. I've asked you a dozen times to come over to my place, And every single time, you've had some excuse... Not to. What are you afraid of? What you might find? Bachelor-Pad extraordinaire? Lava lamps, water bed, animal-Print rug? Moose head? Not afraid of what i might find. Just that, you know, well, maybe -- Maybe i'll like it there. No. And want to stay. Rylan... All right. Okay. All right. How about tonight? If i can get away early. Okay. Four seasons? Motel 6? There's a park bench. Your choice. About going to your place -- That's all right. No, i get it. Ah, you're missing out. Steak tomato. Ahh. Charm the pants off you. My pants are coming off me anyway. So are yours. Mm, mnh-Mnh, mnh-Mnh, mnh-Mnh. Nothing for him, mario. He's not staying. Arturo, what kind of game are you playing? Not playing any game. I gave you an assignment. You're obviously not taking it seriously. I need information. You need to keep your job. I'm trying. Have you had dinner with him yet? I've asked. Outside of work, he's kind of a loner. Is he sleeping with anyone? Anyone at the hospital? I don't know. The problem in a nutshell. What do you want me to tell you? Dr. Gallagher's a good guy. Be aggressive. Be inventive. Tell him you're having a crisis of conscience. You're wondering whether to continue spying Or be like mario here, serving lunch for a living. Given the stakes, I have every confidence that you'll find a way. I'm not trained to do this, dr. Belle. No? I thought acting ran in your family. What happened at the poker game? Nothing. He's a good card player. He won. Did you see any drug paraphernalia in evidence? Other than alcohol, no. Was he drinking? We all were -- Beer. Do you believe he has a problem with alcohol? Not from what i've seen. I don't know everything about you, arturo. Mmm. Yeah. Thank you. But i do know this. You want, more than anything, To be sitting right where i'm sitting right now. And i can make sure that that happens. Or i can make sure that that never happens. Dr. Gallagher. I got a page. Excuse me. Are you dr. Gallagher? Hmm. You got me! Yeah, figures. - Excuse me? - Well, they told me you were a bit odd. Who's "they"? I'm here about my patient -- Craig peters? - You must be -- - Dr. Avidan. Ah. You literally come down to my pre-Op, And you kidnap my patient. He left voluntarily. Only after you scared the living crap out of him. Just had a little chat with him. Excuse me. Excuse me, sir. Uh, would you rather spend the next 20 years In psychotherapy or an hour and a half in an operating room? Uh, i don't know -- How do you like it? Where the hell do you get off Talking my patient out of surgery? "A," you have no business even speaking to him, And, "b," this operation is extremely important. - To whom? - Excuse me? Cingulotomys are rarely performed. It's a risky and unproven procedure. Is your concern for your patient or your résum? Listen, doctor -- And i use that term loosely -- You're about to cut a hole in the head Of a man you know nothing about. I-I know that he's unable to live a normal life. I know that you geniuses have had him on the couch For six months, and he still can't go to work. He can't eat at a restaurant. He can't have sexual relations with his wife. Why? Because of his obsessive-Compulsive condition. But why? Why exactly is he ocd? What's the root cause? I don't see how this has anything to do with -- You're treating symptoms, not the disease. Leave the medicine to the real doctors, Will you, gallagher? Oh. And who are they? I want peters back in pre-Op by tomorrow morning, Or i'm filing disciplinary charges against you. It's craig's decision. Not with you up his ass! Well, you'll have to arm-Wrestle me for him. You'd lose. Orderly, 319. Orderly, 319. Wow. I don't understand. It was all taken care of. Craig went to a psychiatrist, Who referred him to a surgeon -- Dr. Avidan. Why is he back up in the psych ward? Mimi, you say you know what's best for your husband. - If that's true -- - Of course it's true. He needs to have  surgery. Well, unfortunately, we're not convinced. "We"? You're not the ones who have to live with him. He twitches, he screams out "dirty whore," He refuses to take me anyplace Because of all the germs in public places. He carries a bottle of disinfectant With him at all times, even in bed. He sprays me with it! Last week, he put a plastic bag over our cat. She nearly died. I'm -- I'm very sorry, mimi. Look, i'm just trying to save my marriage. I love craig. You know that. I've spent 10 years with him and this ocd. But now it's... It's just gotten so bad. I don't know how -- How anyone can take it. Mimi, there's no easy solution. We had a solution -- Surgery. This is mimi. This is craig's wife. Uh, drs. Gallagher and suarez. Thing is, mimi, we can always reschedule the surgery. Good. Then we'll reschedule it now. After we've had a chance to treat him With medication and therapy, We can get him right back on track Without such an invasive step. No, no, no i'm done with that. I want him back. I want the man that i married back. I can't wait years for... We're not talking years. It may just be a matter of months. No. Not months, not weeks, not days. I'm done. He's having the surgery, or i-I don't know what i'll... Arturo, would you take mrs. Peters To the doctors lounge and get her a glass of water? Sure. Have you seen mimi? She's, uh... She's still with arturo, i think. Well, there's something wrong with her. What? Well, you know, it's like she's -- She's changed. She's like a completely different person. Walk with me. She dropped him off and picked him up From the clinic every single day. She was never late. She'd hand him his lunch before she left, Remind him to take his meds. You heard her. He's not the easiest personto live with. Perhaps she's at the end of her rope. I don't buy that. She was a dedicated caregiver. Her only concern was -- Was making sure that craig got better. Even the way she looked. What do you mean? Well, the low-Cut top, the black stockings -- This woman used to dress so conservatively. She would never wear a skirt. She was mousy, and she was shy. And this was only a few months ago? Yeah. The change in her is radical, And i think it's affecting craig. So, i'm still waiting on those disciplinary charges. - May i? - No. I'm warning you, gallagher, If craig isn't rescheduled for surgery In the next 12 hours, you're in a world of trouble. Nothing to do with me. It's craig's decision. Mm. Yeah, with you aiding and abetting. This isn't a conspiracy. That's exactly what this is. This is a psychiatric conspiracy. So, what, are you opposed to all types of surgery Or just neurosurgery? No, you got me all wrong. I like all forms of modern medicine. But i also like good, old-Fashioned ones like, um... Talking to the patient. More ways of getting inside a brain than just sawing it open. Tell me that the next time You have a cerebral aneurysm, okay? I'll pray you're on call when that happens. So, how long you been at wharton? Longer than you have. Please, i'm just making conversation. Yeah, to what end? What, you think your charm, your personality, Your -- Your -- Your handsomeness Is gonna win me over after what you did? I have charm and personality and handsomeness? Excuse me. Hey, hey. Hi. How are you, craig? Great. I haven't ticked for at least 20 minutes. That's good. What's happened to you, craig? Since you left the day clinic. Well, things were going pretty well. Got a job as a teller in the bank where mimi works. Oh, yeah? You still on the job? No, i got fired. Money is very unsanitary, as you know. Yes, it is. Filthy. You speak to the manager About maybe wearing some plastic gloves? I did. She said it wasn't allowed. Mimi's the manager. Oh. How are things with you and mimi at home? Not so good. You know what it's like. Actually, i don't. Never been married. Well... You've seen mimi, So you know what a sexual dynamo she is. She wants to, you know, do it every night -- Sometimes two or three times, and... I can't. Because of her germs? No. I mean, i spray a lot, so that's not it. We used to have a great sex life, but now... You know, she's not satisfied... ever. And it makes the... Ticking and everything worse. I -- I don't want to have this surgery. But... ...i'd do anything for her. She -- She's put up with me for all these years. No one else would have. She's my whole life. Mrs. Peters. Please call me mimi. Mimi, come on in. Have you seen craig today? Yes. I just came from his room. He seems calmer. He's on the same medication we gave him before. It might be a week or so Before you see any difference in the ticks. Mimi, if i thought this operation would cure him, I'd be wheeling him down to the o.R. Right now -- That i can promise you. Would you like to sit down? Well, yes, actually, i would. We don't have to just talk about craig, you know.</i> No? No. We could talk about other things. Like... ...are you seeing anyone special right now? Is that important to you? I'm -- I'm just curious. I have to get back to work, so... I'll see you later? Sure. Mm. - A garter belt? - Uh-Huh. What color? I don't believe it. She's not the type. Still waters... Sounds like she was coming on to you. Do you think it's possible she has some kind of hypersexual disorder? A nymphomaniac? Why are women nymphos and men popular? I wonder if craig knows. He could know. He could even improve. It's possible. Arturo, did you notice anything unusual?</i> So, what color was the garter belt? Black. Gray, actually. [ Chuckling ] sorry. How did this happen? I don't know. I-I mean, i do, but... It was crazy. I-I mean, i took her to the doctors lounge like you asked me to. And i-I turned around to get her a cup of coffee. And she's right there, And she puts her hands on my ass... Unzips my fly. There was no stopping her. I get the picture. This has never happened to me -- With a patient,with a patient's family,in a hospital. This will never happen again.</i> Okay. Dr. Gallagher, she's... Pretty persuasive. Okay. Now, i know that i have no right to ask this of you,but... I'd appreciate it if we kept this between ourselves. If dr. Belle found out... Why so concerned about carl in particular? He's just... He can be very judgmental. This will stay just between us. Thank you. [ Dog barking in distance ] Why am i not surprised? You do anything normal? God, i hope not. [ Car alarm deactivates ] yours? Why am i not surprised? Pretty sweet. Course,i'm not ruining the environment with greenhouse gases. Eat your heart out, bike boy. Need a lift? Infectious diseases? Parasitic worms? Mm-Hmm. They fascinated me. But then i thought, A career spent diagnosing irritable bowel syndrome -- No, thanks. Fair enough. You gonna eat those fries? So, what was it, exactly, about these little worm things That did it for you? They're nasty little buggers. Tough to kill. So you're saying you admire them? Yeah, their -- Their tenacity. How 'bout that pickle? Mmm, thank you. I'm just so hungry.I didn't have a chance to eat today. [ Chuckling ] what, you don't approve? Actually, it's refreshing. I like a woman who's not allergic to food. What kind of women have you been dating?</i> Well, they, uh... they know who they are. They're not easily intimidated. They know what they want. I want... That burger. [ Ding! ] Hey, doc. Hey. Hey, uh... Look, that -- That -- It -- It wasn't, uh... You know she's married -- To a patient on the ward. Yes, yes, i do. I'm -- I'm really sorry, but... I mean, come on, she's a... - Sexual dynamo? - Yeah. I heard that. No more? - Swear to god. - Okay. Mimi? Can i see you in my office for a minute? Of course. [ Door closes ] Did you want something, doctor? Yes, mimi, i want to talk to you. Well, i want to talk to you, too. All right, there are a few -- I know what you really want. And i really want to give it to you. That's better. I believe you have a real problem. You mean you're the one with the problem.</i> [ Door closes ] Carl: all right, mr. Hygard, watch and learn. Care to make it interesting? How interesting? Say a grand. You're on. [ Laughing ] okay. Aah! [ Laughs ] [ Grunts ] Didn't quite make it, did it? I mention how gorgeous this club is? Oh, you can't even buy a membership here now -- Not for any amount of money. Got to be grandfathered in. How's our little friend doing? Burying himself a little deeper every day. How about that resident you own? Anything we can use? No. That's just icing on the cake. Old gallagher's a walking time bomb. Just a matter of time before he explodes. Well, hopefully, not too much time. 11 votes on the board. If we call for a dismissal hearing today, We can count on no more than five. By the time i'm through with him, it'll be unanimous. You can bet on that. Speaking of betting... I'm happy to take a check. I assume you're good for it. - Tom -- - Cash is great,but i'm happy -- Double or nothing. You're a greedy bastard. Oh, you have no idea. Jack: craig, what's going on? Craig: i'm gonna have the surgery. - Why? - I had no choice. Mimi said she was -- Stop! Stop that. Stop that. Look at me. Why? Mimi said she was gonna file for divorce. Just give me one more day. Okay. [ Door opens ] I'm not gonna have the surgery till tomorrow morning anyway. Jack: whoa. What,are you stalking me now? I just came down here To see what the real doctors get up to. - Mm. - It's fascinating. Oh, isn't it? This is an mri. We use it to prep brain surgery.</i> Really? Sounds complicated. I assume you'll infect the lesions With the electrolytic destruction of the anterior cingulate gyrus, As opposed to a bilateral surgical incision. As a matter of fact, i will. So, one little zap and out goes the ocd, The ticks, and the tourette's. You got it. An astounding 1/3 of the time. Why are you here? I'm here because of craig. I need your help. Let me get this straight. Craig is scheduled to have surgery tomorrow morning. You want me talking him out of it again. That would be nice. When was it, exactly, that you lost your mind? I want to arrange a sit-Down Between the psych unit and neurosurgery. Just chatting over our differences For the sake of the common good. Your good is more like it.</i> Well, it would be a useful training exercise for my staff, And veronica's up my ass about craig being her patient, So you'd be doing me a solid there. But we both know this is about craig. The consequences could be severe. What consequences? Are you really certain that this surgery is gonna work? A sit-Down -- That's all -- And then you'll leave me alone about this? Promise. You bring your team, i'll bring my team. Don't forget mimi. We'll all sit down like adults And talk through this peacefully, Once and for all. All right, all right, all right! All right, let's look at some of the things we agree on. Craig has ocd. It's interfering with his life, And we must take steps To improve the situation. Immediate steps. So, we can agree that we're all here Because we want to help craig.</i> Nan: well, craig has made his choice, doctor. Craig hasn't even had a say in this! So, what are you suggesting? That he's being forced into this? Craig wants to have this surgery. What craig wants is to please his wife, Regardless of the risks. What risks? Loss of brain function, including memory and stroke. High-- Highly unlikely, doctor. Blood clots, blindness, infection, death. All this together adds up to less than 1% of most surgeries. Jack: all right. Can i see you outside for a moment, doctor? [ Clears throat lightly ] [ Door opens ] I think there's a strong possibility That mimi's got kluver-Bucy syndrome. What hat did you pull that one out of? I know, i know, it's rare, but i've been watching her, And she's got a cluster of symptoms -- Hyper-Reality, fearlessness, hypersexuality. Are we talking about the same person here? Mimi -- Craig's wife? She's a sex addict. Ahh. And you know this because... Because she slept with half my staff, And she tried to do the deed with me, as well. I see. Have you even been watching her in there?She's already fixated. She's flirting with that good-Looking young resident That sat next to you. You know, the one you can't keep your eyes off? Yeah, you know, he is kind of good-Looking, isn't he?</i> And, just so you know, Not every hypersexual person Is suffering from a brain lesion. It's a long shot. Humor me. I'll rule it out. Mimi: i'm not changing my mind. Mimi, this is not about a cingulotomy. This is about you. We're concerned. We're concerned About your compulsive sexual activity. Well, that's none of your business.</i> Uh, it is, mimi. Craig is our patient, And we believe that your behavior is affecting him. How long has it been going on? I mean, you guys have an open relationship? No. It's only been going on for a couple months. But what does my behavior have to do with craig's ocd?</i> Couple of months, you say? All right, let's look at the timeline. Craig leaves the clinic, what, a few months ago? A couple of months ago, you start these urges, And craig can't fulfill them, So he gets nervous, he gets agitated, His ocd comes back, And his tourette's comes back with a vengeance. So his condition is my fault?</i> Not saying that, exactly, but you may have exacerbated it. But even that may not be your fault. Mimi, look. We believe you may be sick. We think that you may have a condition Called kluver-Bucy, Which is a brain lesion or tumor... Most likely not life-Threatening or cancerous. What, you're telling me that i have a tumor And that this tumor is what's causing me to want to, You know, have sex all the time? We think so, yes. But we can't determine it for sure Until we do a workup -- Blood work, a physical, cat scan. So, i have all of these tests, And you find a tumor, then what? It should be removed. And once it's gone, The hypersexuality, we think that'll go, too. And i'll be back to the way i was before? And craig will have a very good chance at improving, also. [ Piano plays softly ] Excuse me. I think i'm in the wrong house. Honey. It's just dinner. I got home early, so... Third time this week. To what do i owe the pleasure? Now, i'm making your favorite -- Caesar salad, new york steak, and strawberry cheesecake. How was your session? Actually, it was great. They want me to sit in on piano again tomorrow. Really? Fantastic. How was your day? Oh, you know, the usual insanity. Tell me. Well, um... We're dealing with a real-Life nymphomaniac on the ward. She's the wife of one of my ocd patients, And she's putting the moves on all the males in the hospital. Really? What's she look like? Not like you'd expect. Not at all. But her poor husband, Who's so ocd he can't even hold down a job, His wife's everything to him, and he -- He hasn't got a clue. Maybe he does. Maybe he knows. I mean, a husband can usually tell when... When what? When his wife is running around on him. You're having an affair, aren't you? Why would you say something like that? Because you're happier than you've been in a long time. And i know better than to think it's because of me. It's very small and benign. That's good news. How long has it been there? There's no real way to tell. Uh, could have been there for years. Or it could have been there just a couple of months. Jack: couldn't it? Yes, it could be a very recent growth. So, what now? Well, i'd like to schedule a surgery to have it removed. But you said it wasn't cancerous or life-Threatening. Well, it could develop into something more serious. But it's not serious now. I don't want the surgery. Mimi... Look. We believe that this hypersexuality That you're exhibiting might be caused By the tumor pressing down on the brain tissue. I could do therapy. I mean, you're the one who says it's better To have a non-Invasive course of action. Well, this is different, mimi. This is a tumor. There's a potential risk to us not operating.</i> You know, we can't be sure that you won't lose vital cognitive Or even basic life-Sustaining functions If you don't let us get this thing out of your head. Why don't you discuss this with craig? Oh, no, no, no. Craig can't know about my...symptoms. Well, in fairness,the way you're carrying on, It's possible he already knows. Maybe after craig's surgery.</i> Even if the cingulotomy is successful, It's not gonna help craig's ocd If you...carry on behaving the way you're behaving. Arturo: the real reason she doesn't want the operation Is because she's happy with the way things are. How can you say she's happy? She's confused. She doesn't know what she wants. - Her marriage is falling apart. - What does she care anyway? She's out there hustling other guys. - You should know. - Suggestions, people. Veronica: i just think this whole thing Is completely ironic. I mean, mimi's insisting craig have the operation When there's a very viable alternative, And yet she's refusing to have an operation herself. She's insisting there is a viable alternative -- Therapy.</i> Well, that's one thing she is right about.</i> The sexual addiction can be controlled through therapy. She's not even interested in controlling it. Well, she should be,because right now,it's controlling her. Look, it's simple. She's afraid of the surgery Because she doesn't want to go back to her old life. Chloe: what mimi's really afraid of is losing the power -- The power that she now feels over men. She did say she was a virgin when she met craig. Exactly. She never got the chance to play the field. The fact that she can use this condition As an excuse to go out and freely flirt, Pick up, and seduce any man on the street Is self-Medicating. Well, maybe, but it's dangerous. [ Indistinct conversations ] So, um... Where are we going? Well, it's like i told you earlier. I thought you could use a drink. [ Mid-Tempo music playing ] [ Music continues ] Jack: so... Here they are. Who? Your future sexual partners. [ Scoffs ] If this is some kind of joke, it's not funny. No, it's not a joke. I'm gonna hazard a guess. I'd say these are, uh, half the number of men You've slept with in the last two months alone. Who are they? Who's this guy? Is he out on bail for murder? Look at those guys down there. What's the condition of their health? That guy have herpes? What about his mate there? Does he have aids? Look at this guy. Member of the american nazi party. Do you really care? I love the way this feels. Look at me. I was never sexy, even if i got all dressed up. No way a man would take notice. But now? Doesn't matter what i look like. I feel sexy. I feel like i can have any man that i wanted. And you will always have that choice. What about craig? He loves you. He thinks you're sexy. Thinks you're a goddess. And he's willing to have his head cut open for you. Craig: they said they'd call me when the surgery was over. Veronica: well, it should be soon. Don't worry. She'll be fine. Then things will be better between you and mimi. They already are. It's complicated, isn't it? What is? Marriage. Jack: craig! She's in recovery. Come on. [ Monitors beeping ] [ Door closes ] Surgery went really well. Uh, tumor's all gone. She's fine. Thank you, doctor. M-Mimi, i was so worried. Mm. I love you. I made so many mistakes. - Craig, i didn't mean -- - You were sick. You're gonna be fine now. So am i. - So, end of story. - Not quite. Anyone ever tell you how sexy you look in those scrubs? So many times, you don't even know. I think i look sexier without them. Hungry? Starving. Well, this could be construed as our second date. What do you say we go and do something A little bit... romantic? Let's go to henry's, let's get carryout, And then let's go back to your place.