Are you OK? This is Tara two, Charlie nine, Your transporters failed to copy! Charlie nine, can you hear me? Charlie nine, come on back I can't hear. Michael. Wake up, Michael. - Kitt - I'm sorry, But I've encountered a possible situation. What time is it? It is 4:17 am. Don't bad guys ever sleep? No. But neither do I. Morning, party people. What's the word? Plane disappeared. That is two words. And planes don't just disappear. This one did. Vanished like my prom date at midnight. Last contact was 4:03 this morning, Over the sierras. It was on course, smooth sailing, Then-- disappeared. Houdini's handcuffs. Copperfield's fiancee. It didn't disappear. Something obviously happened. When did Mike and Kitt leave? 4:30 in the morning. Kitt wake you up again? Yeah, and while we're on the subject, I think we need to have A little chat about boundaries. We are approaching the latitude and Longitude of the plane's last known GPS location. Don't try and change the subject. That would be changing the subject, Michael. I am detecting an area of Extreme heat just over this hill. It could be a crash site. Let us know when you turn up. Let's get dirty. I don't get dirty. Initiating transformation Transformation complete. In approximately 200 yards, We will arrive at the heated area. And be aware, if the plane did crash here, The scene could be very disturbing. The wreckage appears to be that of a Leer jet. Contact the NTSB. Tell them we located the crash site. I must protest, Michael. You don't want to contact the NTSB? I don't believe we've found the crash site. Big smoking hole, leer jet wreckage... What am I missing here, kitt? Satellite imagery shows that the Wreckage is spread across a 97-yard radius. But a leer jet, crashing at minimal speed, Would scatter wreckage Over at least a quarter mile. Could be an anomaly. Blast radius aren't exactly consistent. True. But my analysis of the crater Is registering traces of ammonium nitrate, A chemical not found in any plane But used in explosives. So maybe something in the plane's cargo Contained ammonium nitrate. That, too, is possible. But look at the tree line. It's completely intact. This isn't the crash site. It's probable someone Disabled the plane's transponder, Then relayed the GPS location To a second party on the ground, Who faked the crash using explosives And discarded plane parts. Well, why would someone fake a plane crash? Isn't that what we get paid to figure out? You get paid? Run the call numbers through your database, See what you can find. The numbers may be incorrect, As this is not an actual crash. Someone goes through all this trouble, They'll be the right call numbers. Michael, vehicles have arrived And people are approaching. Call in the location. Secure the perimeter. Yes, Ma'am Nice morning for a smoldering hole. Who are you? And why are you contaminating my crash site? I was out four-wheeling, And stumbled across this rather disturbing scene. My name's Michael Knight. Agent renning, DEA. You know what that means? That I'm leaving? I do love a man who can take a hint. Michael, The call numbers belong to a leer jet Registered to the DEA It was your plane, wasn't it? Weren't you leaving? It didn't crash here. Excuse me? The tree line's intact, Blast radius isn't consistent With this kind of impact, And there's ammonium nitrate all over the crater. This crash was faked. Though, I'm sure you would've Figured that out sooner or later. You wanna tell me what you're really doing here? You wanna tell me what was on that plane? Good-bye, Mr. Knight. I don't think she likes you, Michael. We're into the D.E.A. database. Got it. Leer jet departed redland airfield at 2:15 am. Three passengers, two pilots, no cargo. Both pilots and two of the passengers were D.E.A. Third passenger...oh, no. Are you kidding? What? What is it? Give me a line to mike. A kid? Danny Clark, ten years old. Fifth grader. Won the state's science fair the last two years. Mathlete. Was competitive chess-player, Ranked top 25 nationally, before he quit, Because it was, and I quote, "too boring." What's a kid like that doing On a drug enforcement agency plane? According to this, He has information about Esteban Bahia. Who's Esteban Bahia? Peruvian drug trafficker. Peru? I knew they produced cocaine, But I thought all the cartels were columbian. They were, until Bahia came on the scene. At 26 years old, he murdered 16 people, On his way to gaining control of the cartel. What? only 16? Last year, He was responsible for 20% Of all cocaine and heroin smuggled into the US. Pretty serious player. Any idea on what Danny had on him? The DEA's file doesn't specify, So we're examining other avenues. You and Kitt have a plan? That plane landed somewhere, Kitt and I are gonna find it. Happy hunting. Given the leer jet's fuel limitations, I have calculated its potential range From where the transponder failed. Access all the air traffic controls Computers for all the air fields in the circle. Cross-check their records With the plane's call numbers. Cross-checking now. Let's also get any relevant information On the pilots and agents onboard. So, after coming up empty on the DEA database, We switched to the local police files. Turns out, Danny's father, Jake, Was murdered by Esteban Bahia. Police files say Danny called it in From his father's house. DEA showed up a few hours later, Took him into custody. Danny probably witnessed the murder. That's why the DEA had him. They were putting him into witness protection. So, Bahia hijacked the plane to grab Danny, And faked the crash to throw DEA off his trail. I hate to be the one to say this, But if that's what happened, The kid is already dead. Danny's parents were separated. I have an address for the mother, Maybe worth seeing what she knows. Yeah, one of you guys go, See what you can find. I'll go. Okay. Really? "okay?" just like that? You wanna be the one to tell Mrs. Clark her son's missing and may be dead? It's all you. Right. On second thought, maybe - I'll take care of it. - Yeah. I have accessed the cell phone numbers Of the DEA agents, and pilots. And we'll trace the signals. The plane's call numbers were Logged at Jamison Canyon airstrip, This morning. Is the plane still there? It appears to be. Set a course, Kitt, as fast as you can. The s.s.c. is right, Danny doesn't have much time. Course plotted. Hang on, kid. Hello? Mrs. Clark? Keep your hands where I can see them. Okay. You're pointing a gun at me. You're not DEA? No, my name's zoe chae, I work for a private organization, And we have information about your son. What is this? You want money? Some kind of finder's fee? No, nothing like that. We have reason to believe your son is alive. Dea agents who were here left hours ago. They said that the plane crashed nobody survived. The crash was staged, the real plane was hijacked, and Bahia has your son. Please. Let's talk inside. Danny was spending the weekend with Jake, his father. Jake...ran logistics for Bahia. Helped him move his product. Did Danny witness Jake's murder? No. Two weeks ago, Jake called me and told me he had something big in the works, Something that would take care of me and Danny forever. You think it had to do with Bahia. I think whatever Jake called me about, that's why Bahia killed him. And Danny wouldn't tell anybody what he knew, Until he and I were safely reunited. Amy, if Jake had something Bahia wanted, Danny may have it now. And what does that mean? It means he needs Danny's help. Which means Danny is still alive. It explains why Bahia hijacked the plane, Instead of just shooting it down. So, Bahia's trying to get information out of him as we speak. that's what I'm thinking. In that case, stay with the mother, she may be in danger. I can't believe the dea left her alone. god bless the government. Watch your back, okay? We are approaching the air field. You have an id on the plane? According to their records, it is in hangar seven. There is no one in the hangar, But I've located two cell phone signals in a Shipping container on the air field's outskirts. Why do we care? The signals in the container, are those of the dea agents cell phones. Get to that container. Kitt, the lock. Are they the dea agents? Yeah. And they're dead. Kitt, you try locating the pilot's cell phone signals? Yes, they are not operational. Access and track all security camera Footage along every major road from this location. Use your facial recognition software to search for Danny, Bahia, And one of the pilots. Accessing and tracking now. Get agent Renning on the phone, would you? Renning. You know I wasn't really four-wheeling, right? How did you get this number? I'm at Jamison Canyon airstrip, the plane's here. Bahia's gone, I'm assuming with Danny. Your agents are here, too. Are they okay? No, I'm sorry. I'm guessing your pilots betrayed them. Paid off by Bahia. Did you check their badges? Yes. Was one of them named Wesley Graves? Yeah. Listen, anything you can tell me would help. It's Renning. I have a cell phone number I need tracked immediately. Agent Renning sounded extremely upset. It is likely she knew the victim. Which means we need to avoid her. Let's check out the hangar, See if they left any clues to where they were heading. that may not be necessary. My facial recognition software just flagged these Images from 15 minutes ago, at a gas station on route 12. That's Danny. There's another camera inside. Did you report the shooting? Yes, police are on the way. are you tracking that suv? I am.  good. Whatever Danny yelled into the security Camera prompted Bahia to kill the attendant. I will attempt to read Danny's lips and recreate the dialogue. Good. how long to intercept? approximately 43 minutes. I hope that's not too much time. Okay, thanks. bye. He's alive? are you sure? Yes, we have a line on him, and we're heading after their car now. Oh, thank god. Hey, hon. what you doing? Mom, you know what I'm doing. Is that Danny? Yeah, yeah, it's stupid, but it makes me feel better watching him. It's a super-sonic, carrier-friendly, Variable geometry wing fighter plane. It's the coolest. And where did you buy that model? I didn't buy it, I designed it. I had all the pieces cut to my specifications. It's gonna be awesome. He seems like an amazing little boy. I don't know what I'll do if I lose him. Mike is the best there is. He'll get him back. You have to say that. That doesn't mean I don't believe it. We will intercept the van momentarily. Safely recovering Danny will be difficult, under these circumstances. What do you suggest? The best technical advantage we have is that of surprise. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Ready the e.m.p. E.m.p. is active. Do it. What is it? Yo no se. Se murio. Nothing funny. Michael, those are the dea pilots. Everyone in the car appears to be armed. I must reiterate, recovering Danny safely in this situation is unlikely. Don't worry. If Bahia hasn't killed Danny by now, this won't put him over the edge. Besides, I got a plan. Hey, guys. car trouble? I'm a mechanic, any chance I can help? Yeah, we got it under control, pal. You sure? 'cause, uh, from the looks of it, Your timing belt might be a little-- whoa, partner, whoa. Take it easy. Come here. come here. Bahia! Out of the car! Danny, my name is Mike. I'm here to help you. Please, I just wanna go to my dad's house, to my room. Back off, right now. Okay, okay. look, it's my fault. I'll tell you what, why don't you guys take my car. Go on your way, and no one gets hurt. This was clever, this little ruse. No, I don't think I'll take your car. Then you can have it tracked. Let him go or I will kill your man right now. Go ahead, I was gonna kill him anyway. Danny, I'll take care of this. I promise. Stop. Get out of the car! You don't follow us. If I feel you behind me, I will kill the kid. Kitt, what can you do? I'm afraid any action I might take would put Danny's life at risk. Who are you talking to? Your mom. Okay, kitt, you can re-inflate now. Way to play opossum. You have Bahia's car? Yes, I have finished my analysis of Danny and Bahia's lip movements from the surveillance tape. Based on the voice samples I just recorded, I will recreate the dialogue, Using their actual voices. He just wants his shipment back! As soon as he finds it, he'll kill me! Read the writing on the wall! Shipment? What, the writing on the wall? It seems an odd phrase for a young boy to use. Get the s.s.c. Kitt pieced together the audio from the gas station. Danny talks about his shipment. He says Bahia will kill him after he tells him where it is. Shipment? Danny's dad stole his shipment from Bahia, hid it, Then told Danny where it was hidden, before he was killed. Yeah, I'd buy that. In the video, Danny says that we should, "read the writing on the wall." That mean anything to you guys? No. and then just now, he said that he wanted to go home. To his dad's house. Of course he does, he's terrified. No, it wasn't like that. I think the location of the shipment is written On the wall in Danny's room in his father's house. that's pretty thin, mike. No, I'm telling you, this kid is smart. He knew he had to leave a trail, in case something went wrong. It'll be there. You willing to bet Danny's life on it? I'll get to the father's house. Your turncoat pilots are unconscious. I am one step behind Bahia. Sorry about your man. Arrest him. What?! On what charge--unh! Interfering with a government investigation. I told you to leave this alone. I am trying to help you. I don't need your help. Michael, shall I intervene? Stand down, kitt. stand down. Arrested? seriously? They are transporting michael to a holding facility, Pending formal charges. So, where are you? I am currently traveling north on highway 18. Nice, you got away. Not exactly. I am being towed to an impound lot. Why did you let yourself get towed? Under the circumstances, driving away on my own seemed like a bad idea. Kitt, you have to get off that truck, free mike, and find Danny. Michael and I will become fugitives. I'll take care of that. You just get mike out of there. Yes, sarah. I disengaged from the tow truck, And I'm following the signal emanating from michael's earwig. If mike gets processed at that jail, It'll be almost impossible to get him out. Don't worry, sarah. I got this. Mike and kitt have been spending way too much time together. I can't believe you're wasting your time with me. If they make it to that shipment, Danny's dead. Our team's tracking the minivan they stole. We'll find them. Sure you will. It only took you what, Three hours to figure out I was right about the fake crash? I checked you out, michael knight. It seems you were with knight industries for a while. Quite the train wreck that experiment turned out to be. That wasn't our fault. I don't want you fumbling around and screwing up my investigation. Michael... I am closing in rapidly on your position. Actually, these days... We've pretty much got things figured out. Roamstar activated. What the hell!? everything okay up there? I'm not driving! That's strange. Oh, my god! Later. Epic rescue, kitt. Thank you, michael. It's agent Renning... I have a fugitive on the loose. He's driving a black ford mustang. Kitt, get your 3d object generator online, See about making a key for these handcuffs. Agent Renning is calling in an apb on us. Then we better go incognito. Shall we go old school? To use the lingo of the time, I can dig it. Still have the minivan? no, I lost their location upon being impounded. Head back to his last known location. Is billy almost to the dad's house? Yes, he should be there shortly. Nsa, cia, fbi, dea, dod? If there's a security agency in the government, With a three-letter acronym, they answer to you. Sarah. Out of respect to your father, I would love to help you, you know that. But knight industries does not exactly have the best reputation, Right now. You know what? you're 100% right. And nobody has paid for our mistakes more than me. But we can help you. All I'm asking is the autonomy to work in cooperation with your agenda. That's what you're doing now? Look... I know about Bahia and this boy. I also know that agent Renning arrested your operative, Said that he was hindering the investigation. If it weren't for our operative, Agent Renning would still be investigating a fake crash site. And now, he has escaped custody, and is a wanted fugitive. Look, how about this? We bring the boy in safely, recover the shipment, And you give us what we need. And if you don't? Then a ten-year-old boy is dead. That boy dies... Your man will come up on charges, simple as that. And there won't be anything I can do to help you. You told him what?! It was the only way to get you some wiggle room. Wiggle room? I was doing just fine until you Stamped the word "guarantee" on my forehead. Really? 'cause you're a wanted felon who just lost the kid. "fine" isn't the word I'd use. Great. Anything constructive for me? Yeah, don't screw it up. Thanks.  your welcome. It's there. Excava. do you mind if I ask what happened between you and Jake? Uh. I was 19 when I got pregnant with Danny. I hadn't known his father very long. But we decided we'd try and make it work. And it did for a while. But then... Jake lost his job and started working for Bahia. I begged him to stop, but... He didn't. And you left. Danny adored his father. They'd see each other every few months. When I heard Jake was killed, i-- how could he have been so stupid? Stealing from Bahia when Danny was there? he wanted his family back. He saw his chance and took it. Your neighbor's dog always bark like that? No, she's usually pretty calm. We're going out the back door. Why? what's wrong? They're here. Go. Drop it right now, and let her go! Mike, they took her.  who took who? Bahia's men. they have Danny's mom. Are you okay? I'll live. I'm so sorry. Get back to the s.s.c. We are out here digging, finding nothing. I think you are lying about the location, Danny. No, I'm not! maybe we should find out. Danny!  mom! Are you okay? Yeah, are you? I'm fine, just Danny, don't give them anything. Don't--ah! Mom! Tell them to stop! You tell me where my shipment is, and I will let her go. Fine. Kill her. No, okay! I'll tell, I'll tell you! Just don't hurt her. You lie to me again and I will kill your mother right in front of you. I'll give you the location but I want my mom to meet us there. What? You're giving me orders, huh? Yes, and as soon as I see her and you let her drive away safely I'll show you exactly where it's hidden. It's the only way you'll get your stuff back. Well, that's very brave of you, danny. Your mother will meet us there. And if you deliver, she will be free. Michael, I have Billy. Billy, we have no time. I'm at the dad's house just entering the kid's room. Writing on the wall. Writing on the wall. Hello. Bingo. Hang on one sec. Mike, I've got an unsolved equation written on the wall. Looks like we're solving for two variables. Equation? Why would he do that? Well, maybe because he knows a drug dealer wouldn't be able to solve it? Question is, can you? Please, I was doing this stuff in middle school. Then get your nerd on, Billy. First number is... 34.49 and it looks like it's measured in degrees. That's the format for the coordinates of latitude and longitude. Kitt, check each number for latitude and longitude. I know, Michael. All right, you don't need to get snooty. Maybe if you respected my autonomy a bit more I would respect yours. I'm sorry, are we having a couples moment here? I am simply making you aware that I do No need to be told what to do all the time. Kitt, I hear you. okay? Okay. Mike, did I just hear kitt smacking you around? Kitt and I are communicating. That's what partners do. No, it just sounded like Kitt was making you his bitch. Billy, solve the second equation. Second coordinate is... 118.800. The coordinates are between Xinyi and Donghai, In the jiangau province of China. Billy, what the hell?! Dude, it's not my fault The kid's dad hid the shipment in China! Road trip. Billy, is it possible you left a negative sign off the second answer? Oops. those coordinates are 19.3 miles from our current location. Okay, Kitt, if it's okay with you, let's go to attack mode, We gotta get there before Bahia. It is fine with me, Michael. Thank you for asking. Initiating transformation. Transformation completed. - Mom! - Danny! Danny are you all right? Okay, they're all here. Let my mother go, or I won't show you where it's hidden. I admire your heart, Danny. I really do. But you don't have to tell me where it is Because it's obvious. Excava aqui. I am standing by to initiate the plan. Man, I hope this works. So do I, Michael. Because if it doesn't, Danny will be dead. And you will be in prison. Thanks for reminding me. Okay, get ready. Mike! Danny get down. Kitt, now. Get in the car! Occupant restraint system active. Take it easy, Bahia. It's over. You planted the explosives? How did you get here before us? I have a really fast car. We have to go back, we can't leave Mike there. I'm sorry, Danny. My orders are to get you and your mother out of harm's way. Forget your orders. Can't you do any thinking for yourself? Yes, I can. I can't believe you're arguing with a mustang. it's an extremely advanced thinking algorithm. I can't believe you're arguing with that either! Hey, I don't want to shoot you, Bahia. Death I can handle. Prison, I can't. There's nowhere you can run, where I won't find you. Well, I look forward to the chase. - Kitt, what're you doing? - Thinking for myself. - Nothing crazy, all right? - Trust me. Yeah, get him! Danny, do not encourage the car to be violent. It's a miracle. Praise the lord. Danny, put the gun down right now. Danny, listen to your mom, put it down. He killed him! He killed my dad! Last year, someone killed my mom. Shot her, right in front of me. I found myself standing over him gun in hand, and I didn't kill him. 'cause I knew that taking a life wouldn't bring anyone back. You destroyed the shipment? Is this the part where you arrest me again? You can't do that! He saved our lives. Actually, I can do that. Get them to a safe house. But...I wanna go with Mike, in his super car. Kids. Thank you...Agent Renning. You're lucky you got the kid back. But I ever see you during one of my investigations again, I will lock you up, and throw away the key. Okay, good talk. Now, how 'bout you and I talk? You know, you almost shot me, right? Michael, there was almost no chance I don't want to hear it. It was this close. - It was not close - This close. I had clearly targeted to avoid injury. No, it went past my head. So am I gonna get arrested on every case we have now? The director of National Intelligence will help when he can, But we're not an official government operation. You're on your own out there. Just try not to piss off Any more people than you have to, okay? I'm outta here. Yeah, fat chance of that. Hm. How was the tour? This place is awesome. I really wanna work here when I'm older. Well, we'd be lucky to have you. Thanks for inviting us. Of course. How's he doing? Hasn't been the easiest couple of days. And being cooped up in witness protection doesn't help. While we're happy to provide a little distraction, But there is another reason why we asked you to come. I don't want any drug money. Uh... the D.E.A pays a reward For the apprehension of certain criminals. Bahia was pretty high on their list. I don't know what to say. It's a new life. A house in a good neighborhood, private school. Say you'll take it. Is that money from my dad? You know how I was telling you about my mom? Well, she didn't always make the best decisions. But I knew that she loved me. And she tried everything she could to give me a good life. Your dad was trying to do the same thing. Yeah. That helps me, remembering that. Maybe it'll help you, too. Thanks. Well, take it easy, Danny. You too, Mike. Thank you for everything. Yeah, you let us know The D.E.A's not taking care of you, okay? Hey, Do you think Kitt could drive us home? Why don't you ask him? Kitt? I would be happy to, if it's okay with Sarah. It's fine, have fun. Sweet! Thank you. Hey, Kitt Do you think we could shoot something along the way? I don't think that's a good idea. Nothing alive, just maybe a stop sign or two. Okay. Really?! No Occupant restraint system active. They grow up quickly, don't they? Yeah, he's a special kid. I meant Kitt.