i have the package in sight. sarah? sarah? sarah, can you hear me? ??? where's mike traceur? we can do this the easy way... or the very, very hard way. kitt. yes, michael? sarah's not responding. my sensors have picked up sarah. she is in the vault room. you are not in the vault room with her. yeah, i got hung up. michael, you have less than two minutes to make contact, acquire the package, and retrieve the files. not a problem. the ambassador's gonna be more than a little upset by your treatment of his guests. sarah has been joined by four men, and they are armed. guys, what are we doing? oh, come on, really? oh! kitt, get me to sarah now. take the staircase on your left for the fastest route to sarah. - keep your eyes peeled, kitt. - michael, i do not have eyes. it's a figure of speech. - which floor? - basement level. michael, security has discovered the loop i have programmed into their surveillance system. they are moments away from detecting the source of my tap. i'm moving as fast as i can. you would probably move faster if you ate a healthy diet, decreased your alcohol intake, and reduced the extracurricular activity with your lady friends. i might as well be dead. your death will not help sarah in her current situation. where's the package? i have lost contact with the package. it appears to have vanished. i have detected a co-opt of the consulate security system. it appears the men with sarah may have a plan similar to ours. do we know who they are? negative, michael. do they have the package? it does not appear so. their weapons indicate they are not consulate guards. if they don't have the package, then they're after the files. michael, sarah has the files. i know. that means they have sarah. you must have a very high opinion of mike traceur if you're willing to risk the amount of pain i'm about to inflict upon you. he would do the same for me. you have no idea who he is, do you? michael, sarah's heart rate and respiration have suddenly increased. they are rising rapidly. last chance. where's mike traceur? michael, you have turned the wrong way. right, not left. you said left. no, michael, i said left, left, right, left, right, left. dude, you're confusing me! - please remain calm. - i am calm! my surveillance tap has been detected. security knows we are here. go, go, go! there are consulate guards moving in on you from every direction. and two armed men outside the vault room. a little late, kitt. stay where you are. michael, i am being detained. hey, well, get undetained. hey, guys. do you know where the bathroom is? 'cause i gotta pee. please step away from the car, or i will be forced to take defensive measures. dude, the car's talking to us. big deal. my car talks to me. it's called gps. yes, but can your car do this? yes, but can your car do this? ATTACK MODE TURBO BOOST michael, sarah is in distress. check the door. i see you still have your reflexes, traceur. who the hell are you? i hate needles. what was that for? 'cause i thought i was gonna die. kitt, where are you? but... i am almost at your location, sarah, but i have attracted some attention. i suggest you and michael get to the rendezvous point as quickly as possible. come on. the guy with the syringe kept asking for mike traceur. they weren't after the files? no, no, i've got the files. they were after you. clear. give me your hand. kitt, there's no time for you to stop. now would be a good time to use the new program i uploaded. wait, what new program? that one. how did he do that? mike, you really should pay attention in the briefings. sarah is right, michael. you should. prepare for transformation. transformation complete. occupant restraint system active. kitt, were you able to identify the men in the vault room? i was not, sarah. whoever they were, they were very good at getting in and getting out without being seen. what about the package? my sensors are unable to penetrate to that depth, but the only way out undetected is through one of the underground passageways beneath the consulate. you lost the package? "lost" is such a harsh word. michael, sarah, we have a problem. what kind of problem? that kind of problem. - impact in 30 seconds. - deploy flares. 29... kitt, stop the countdown and deploy the damn flares. - michael, deploying flares-- - kitt, deploy the flares! deploying flares. flares are ineffective, michael. as i was trying to tell you,i cooled my heat signature to ambient air temperature. the missile is not homing in on me, michael. it is homing in on you. what do you want me to do, get out? that would be a fatal error, michael. my sensors indicate something unusual about this warhead. i may not be programmed to respond correctly. what does he mean "respond correctly?" please remain calm. i have relayed our situation to dr. Graiman. i am certain he is working on a solution as we speak. emergency. missile is locked on target. ??? there is no solution. missile impact in 20 seconds. 19, 18, 17, 16... this just got interesting. 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4... - prepare for impact. - 3, 2, 1... Knight Rider 2008 S01 Ep01 www.1000fr.com presents Capture:FRM@·ëÎµ Sync:FRS@×ÏÍ«¤³Ñý¾«</font> kitt, it's getting hot in here. kitt diverted just enough power at exactly the right moment to withstand that missile. he's learning. just like he's supposed to. the explosive material in the missile has attached itself to my outer skin. - shed it. - i cannot. analyze it. i appears to be an advanced form of napalm with chemical attributes similar to that of rocket fuel. - how do we put it out? - we do not. we have to wait for it to burn out. kitt, the chances of mike and i surviving the rising temperature-- are 1 in 997,000. that is so not good. i have diverted 60% of my power to cooling, but i am afraid it is not as effective as i had hoped. worst case scenario, kitt? when the temperature reaches 212 degrees, you will be boiled alive in your own bodily fluids. best case scenario? you will be unconscious before it happens. we need the files they retrieved. look, this isn't a zip drive, alex. those are massive encrypted files. now uploading now would drain the power from the systems keeping sarah and mike alive. they lost the package, charles. if it falls into the wrong hands, every file we have will be compromised, including the list of our undercover operatives. - if we lose the files too-- - that's my daughter in there. i know, charles. i know. but they have to upload the files. billy! open a line to sarah. zoe, get me a secure line with israeli intelligence. ??? - dad. - sarah, we need you to upload the files. dr. Graiman, diverting even the smallest amount of power at this time will cause a substantial increase in internal temperature. kitt, turn off all unnecessary systems. billy, figure out how to put out this damn fire. initiating simulation. initiating simulation. oh, god, don't get any ideas. me? You're the one who just locked lips. it was the heat of the moment, mike. i suggest you take off your clothes. okay. our bodies can't withstand the excessive temperature. you're right. sarah is correct, michael. removing your clothes will reduce your core temperature, - thereby delaying your death. - oh. michael, please be careful as you disrobe. your arm is coming perilously close to the window control. if you open the window, you will both be instantly incinerated. like i'm trying to get us killed. i suggest you both refrain from speaking unnecessarily as your oxen supply is running low. oxygen supply at 50%. fire neutralizing. simulation complete. billy, what do you got? we need kitt to increase his speed. if he hits 377 miles per hour, the fire will be neutralized. how close are we gonna cut it? within seconds of their lives. kitt, you need to increase your speed. increasing my speed while uploading the encrypted files will drain power necessary to keep sarah and michael alive. yeah, not a good idea. billy has a plan. - billy? - billy? thanks for the vote of confidence. sure hope it works, because if it doesn't... we've never hit speeds that high before, even in attack mode. oxygen supply at 20%. - it shoulda worked. - billy, it's not working. it should've worked, unless-- unless the chemical compound is fusing with kitt's bio material, causing a molecular reassembly. bring 'em in hot. that fire gets close to the weapons room, we're all dead. if we bring 'em in in the middle of an uncontrollable molecular reassembly, we're worse than dead. we'll bring 'em into the tunnel. we'll shut the emergency doors, suck out all the air. without oxygen, the fire can't breathe. without oxygen, they can't breathe either. kitt, we're bringing you in hot. affirmative, dr. Graiman. michael, sarah? dr. Graiman, michael and sarah have lost consciousness. how close are they? kitt's current speed, they'll be in the tunnel in 15 seconds. put medical and fire teams on alert. all medical and fire personnel report to the ssc immediately. dr. Graiman, as fbi agent in charge, i cannot allow you to bypass security protocol. then sarah and michael die. carrie, we don't have time for this. please. bypass security protocol alpha delta 5-7-3. security bypassed. emergency hangar doors open. re-entry unstable. emergency procedures in effect. warning. molecular reassembly in progress. excessive heat. dr. Graiman, michael and sarah have no oxygen. please open the door. billy, there's no oxygen in that tunnel. - you need to open the doors now. - working on it. we do not have time for you to work on it, billy. michael and sarah will die without oxygen immediately. i am coming in. please open the door. molecular reassembly halted. impact imminent. billy, open the damn doors! i can't override the emergency system. billy, if the door's not opened immediately, i will crash into it. billy! 3, 2, 1. impact averted. oxygen supply-- ??? moving in. let's cool it off first. that was awesome. zoe, i believe that "awesome" is not the appropriate word for this situation. deep breaths. deep breaths. kitt, are you okay? i am fine, sarah. are you okay? i was worried about you and michael. you were worried about us? yes. you're a computer, kitt. you can't worry. artificial intelligence, michael. there is a difference. i have run it through my database several times. i believe "worry" is the appropriate word. can i get some clothes here? i'm fine. i'm fine. i'm okay. are you all right? how do you feel? - not too fast. - i got it. i got it. - you all right? - yeah. - i'm fine. - come on. billy, once i complete my system diagnostics, i will point out where you went wrong in your calculations. thank you, kitt. owned. listen, zoe, i have advanced degrees in applied physics, quantum physics, electrical and mechanical engineering, chemistry, as well as discrete and applied mathematics. and i speak nine languages. we should make a baby. - really? - no. oh-- oh--oh-- the mission was compromised. the mission was compromised because you hit on every woman in the consulate. i was undercover. as what, a pimp? four men were waiting in the vault room and they asked for me by name. - who were they? - i have no idea. they weren't after the package or the files, but they knew i would be there. are you implying that we have a leak? they knew exactly when we'd be there. - don't go there, mike. - the fbi's here to protect-- - do not tell me how to do my job! - then do your damn job, carrie. sarah almost died. sarah was trained just like everyone else. i don't want her in the field anymore. it's too dangerous. not your call. we'll do the rest of kitt's repairs on the plane. just got word the package is on the move. yeah? well, i thought maybe i'd grab a beer. replenish some of those fluids i lost from almost boiling to death. you lost the package, mike. wheels up in 15 minutes. we have a problem with mike. what kind of problem? take care of it. hello, michael. sorry, i didn't know you were in here. it's okay. it's not like you haven't seen it before. hey, mike... those men from the vault room. they know you from iraq, don't they? they didn't have very flattering things to say about you. sarah, there are things that i don't remember. you don't remember? or you don't want to remember? lieutenant traceur! you can't keep it all bottled up, mike. i'm just... it's just what? what are you afraid of? what you did... or what you're capable of doing? both. TOP secret clearance only so where's the package? ??? sarah programmed the locator coordinates provided by israeli intelligence into kitt. get the package and get back to the plane asap. and how do i know someone won't be waiting there to kill me? you don't. great. kitt, you sure you don't have anything on the men from the vault room? as i told sarah at the time, whoever they were, they were very good at getting in and getting out without being seen. yeah, like they knew exactly where they were going. there is no evidence of a leak, michael. well, something's going on. to alleviate your concern, i will check the files of everyone working in knight industries' research and development department. wait a minute, kitt. what are you saying? the two people directly responsible for the safety and security of this project are the obvious suspects if our missions are being compromised. no way. just because they are your friends does not mean they are not capable of deceit. the data i am accessing suggests that it is a very common human trait. many high level government officials use deceit on a daily basis and still remain in office. most of alex torres' files are classified, indicating he may have something to hide. kitt, i have classified files. are you hiding something, michael? may i ask you a question? that depends on the question. what exactly is your relationship with sarah? you dated before you joined the military, and you obviously still care deeply for her. sarah and i are just friends, kitt. then why do your hormone levels rise when you are around each other? i have also detected a release of pheromones - and other signs of sexual arousal. - whoa, kitt! way too personal. i wish you wouldn't do that. we have arrived at the location of the package. my scanners are picking up a man hiding under the bridge, and there is no sign of the package. please be careful, michael. don't move. please don't shoot. turn around. where's the package? i'm the package. well, not all of me. just some of me. let's get out of here. come on. what did you expect, a briefcase full of plutonium? yeah, kind of. michael, a car is rapidly approaching. who's that? michael. michael traceur. oh, my god. it is you. i'm sorry. do i know you? you know me all right. no te recuerdas? get in the car now! uh-uh. you remember me now? only reason why i don't kill you is 'cause i owe you. consider us even. okay, papito? why'd she call him "papito"? what does that mean? "tiny father," but that's not how she said it. that was sexual. more like, "who's your daddy?" you really do not know who this woman is? never seen her before in my life. but you have the same tattoo. it's a military tattoo. a lot of people who served in special forces have them. there is nothing in any known database on her. cross-reference her with the men from the consulate last night. i still do not have enough information to identify the men at the consulate. she's the second person i've never met in the last eight hours who claims they know me. kitt, cross-reference her with me. michael, even with my clearance, i cannot access your classified military files. stop. where's this footage from? beirut, lebanon. i've never been to beirut. the footage does not appear to have been altered. i believe you, or someone who looks just like you, was in beirut with this woman on the date indicated. something's not right. billy, open a chat line. who the hell is she? looks like we got us a little tongue action. muy caliente! ixnay on the surveillance footage-a. michael, why are you speaking pig latin incorrectly? just turn it off, please. i have no idea who she is. the package is vital to national security, mike. get it back. yes, sir. kitt, i need to speak with sarah in private. Michael ??? - hello, sarah. - cut the music. sarah, after i shipped out to iraq, when i stopped calling you, did i give you a reason why? you remember that you stopped calling, but you don't remember why? no. all right, then... let me jar your memory for you, mike. you called me from a classified location. you wouldn't say where. you asked me to marry you. and i said yes. and then you disappeared for three years. i thought you were dead. i asked you to marry me? and the day you asked me is the same date that's on the surveillance footage of you in beirut. sarah, i have never been to beirut. what's going on, mike? i gotta go. it is possible something traumatic happened and you are repressing your memories, or you have dissociative identity disorder, also known as multiple personality disorder. or someone doesn't want me to remember. in re-examining your military files, i find that there are many gaps. you seem to have disappeared for weeks, sometimes months, at a time. mike, did you have anything to do with an operation secure freedom? operation secure freedom is one of your many files i was denied access to, michael. the men at the consulate who tried to kill you were all involved in the same black op. you okay? dad, something's wrong with mike. what are you talking about? something happened to him in iraq. things happen in war, sarah. things men don't want to talk about. no, something else. something different. something very bad. michael, why did you disconnect agent rivai? kitt, i need to see inside that car. i believe you are either repressing your memories or you are not being honest about them. kitt, when humans keep changing the subject, that means they don't want to talk about it. there are some things i remember and some things i don't. but right now, i need to see inside that car. using the signal from her gps, i may be able to track and follow her using real-time satellite surveillance. can you zoom in and enhance? boost and redirect your parabolic mics. boosting and redirecting. hey, hey! you shaved your head? my entire body. a single strand of my hair is worth millions. look, fake eyebrows and eyelashes. i also exfoliate every four hours, so there's no way you can get a sample. wanna bet? what are you doing? hey, hey! - oh, my god! - did she just chop off his thumb? it appears she did. oh, i think i'm gonna hurl. yep. ??? gotta get my thumb back. come on, come on. we gotta get my thumb back. mike, you have to get his thumb back at all costs. kitt, plot an intercept. intercept plotted. we're gonna need a little first aid. accessing first aid data. hey, what are you doing? ow! ow! Aah! i think i'm gonna pass out. really? yeah. awesome. what the-- ow! Ow! God! first aid complete. for a follow up, please see your personal physician within the next 24 hours. it doesn't hurt anymore. can the people you're talking to hear and see everything inside this car? yes. kitt, shut off all contact with the ssc. - but, michael-- - just do it. going offline. get audio and visual back up. there's no way to override. that would defeat the purpose of artificial intelligence. okay, they can't hear or see us, and please don't tell me you know me. no, but i know the people you work for, and they are gonna dissect me then put me under a microscope. what are you talking about? i'm the cipher. cipher for what? an unbreakable code. my dna is the key. your dna is a key to decipher a code? not just a code. the ultimate code. and hidden in my dna is the ultimate cipher. hidden in your dna. i hid it there. i'm the one who invented the code. you invented an unbreakable code and hid the key to it in your dna? yeah. dude, that is so stupid. yeah. michael, i am no longer able to track her. she's in the subway, kitt. attack mode. - initiating transformation. - what's attack mod-oh-oh-oh! transformation complete. Metro ??? michael, the shortest route takes us directly onto-- i know, just do it. i have tapped into the metro surveillance system and located her. she appears to be meeting the blond man with the black leather jacket. we have a three-minute window before another train is due, - if the trains are on schedule. - "if." oh! exiting the vehicle at this time will result in your death. look, i was joking. the dna, the cipher for top secret codes. i mean, who'd fall for that? APPROACHING SUBWAY TUNNEL APPROACHING SUBWAY TUNNEL whoa-oh! whoa-oh! please move to the center of the car. step back to allow the doors to close. oh! step back to allow the doors to close. excuse me. who are you? you know who i am. where did we meet? beirut. i've never been to beirut. dios mio. you really don't remember, do you? i have no idea who you are. what did they do to you, mike? who's they? fbi, freeze! everybody down! nobody move! mike! what the hell just happened? ??? SOMEWHERE ??? it was a problem, and i took care of it. what did you do to me? not you. mike traceur. what? i killed mike traceur. the shooting victim was believed to be disgruntled iraq war - vet michael traceur... - what the hell did you do? i did what i felt was in the best interests of this project. and if i don't want to be dead? your past has come back to haunt you, mike. if people are looking for you, you put all of us at risk. did you read it? yeah, i read it. it's incomplete, but now that you're dead, maybe you can find out what really happened. the woman in the subway. who is she? i have no idea. it's like she doesn't exist. where are we headed, michael? if you plan on running away with me, i must inform you i am the legal property of knight industries. if you continue at this speed for no apparent reason, i will be forced to take control of the vehicle. i'm going home, kitt. there is nothing at your former home, michael. the fbi has already been there. mike traceur is legally dead. i can't be declared dead without a body. a body was provided. whose body? i am sorry, michael, i do not have that information. it does not seem logical to be upset about the situation. if mike traceur is dead, your past can no longer come back to haunt you, or endanger sarah, which i believe is what is preventing you from becoming close to her again. my past will always haunt me, kitt. katie. driving it in. heads up! billy morgan--oh. dead man walking. have you seen sarah? uh, not since carrie shot you with elephant tranquilizer. you okay? for a guy whose existence has just been wiped off the face of the earth, yeah, i'm... okay. some people would love the opportunity to start again. i mean, the chance to negate the everyday humiliation beating on your soul like a drum from hell? i'm saying i think it would be super cool to be able to start again. you want to go home with me tonight? you're just screwing with me again. aren't you? i don't know. am i? oh... you need to come up with a new name. or the fbi can come up with one for you. what about buster? my father's real name was michael long. mike long? sounds like a porn star. total porn name. zoe che, phone call. how would you know? i watch a ton of porn. knight industries research and development. zoe speaking. what did you do with the rest of him? witness protection. we can't have his dna fall into the wrong hands. yeah, right. you know, one day mike is gonna remember everything. and when he does, he's gonna come after you. well, then... we just have to make sure he never remembers. hello, michael. sarah's pre-set music and mood lighting are active. i don't remember what happened to me, sarah. and i don't know why i don't remember, but i would never do anything to hurt you. i'm sorry that i did. it's not your fault you don't remember. you want to grab a beer? we've gone down this road before, mike. how about we start fresh? i'm michael knight. sarah graiman. so what's your sign, michael knight? not quite sure yet.