Shall I wake him for you? No, no Let him sleep He's earned it after this last one We all did I just wanted to let Mike know That the F.B.I. And D.E.A. Took down the entire cartel thanks to him And you Thank you, Sarah. It was a team effort Michael and I Could not have succeeded without you Billy and Zoe And I mean no offense By what I'm about to say But you look very tired Maybe you should get some sleep, too It's okay, Kitt I'm fine. Thanks for your concern Did you just drool on me? Maybe a little Eww! Man, I was out cold Actually, Michael, you were not out cold You were in a very heavy R.E.M. State You know you sometimes sound like hal from 2001 I find that movie extremely confusing You know what confuses me? There are not enough hours in the day For me to list everything that confuses you Oh, snap! Yes, Michael. Snap I'm gonna need some coffee If we're gonna continue this conversation There are a number of facilities that serve coffee In the retail establishments nearby Large coffee, please Black Get down now Everybody get down Get down now! Take cover! Maddie! Maddie! Kitt, call 911 Get down! 911, what is your emergency? There are five heavily-armed suspects Assaulting a bank I have sent their location Directly to your computer system Please respond with your swat team immediately We have a problem Kitt, what's happening? Michael is attempting to rescue a child In the middle of what appears to be a bank robbery The suspects are firing automatic weapons Indiscriminately Michael is seriously overmatched and outnumbered Mike, do not engage I repeat, do not engage Sarah, Michael is not wearing his earwig - He can't hear you.  - Then get him out of there Give me satellite surveillance We haven't had a bird in the sky Since the government shut us down Then co-op one from the N.S.A. Or C.I.A. That'll leave us completely exposed Zoe's right. It's too risky We'll limit it to Kitt's cameras Bringing them online now - What's your name?  - Maddie Hi, Maddie. I'm Mike. I'm gonna get you out of here, okay? - Okay.  - All right. Come on, then My name's Kitt. What's yours? Maddie Please don't worry, Maddie. You are perfectly safe inside my interior But my mom is out there! Maddie! Move!Go!Go! I'm an undercover D.E.A. Agent M-16 in the trunk Cover me Damn!Where is he? Sarah, the gunmen's body armor is impenetrable Without armor piercing ammunition Then get Mike out of there He's not gonna make it unless we get him to the hospital Kitt! Kitt, we gotta get this officer to a hospital, and Maddie to safety. Michael, this situation is beyond your control. Kitt, do not leave Mike. We have to get this man to a hospital or he'll die. But what about my mom? - I'll take care of your mommy.  - Promise? I promise. Kitt, go. Maddie! Cover me. Get up! Get up! Get up, move! Get in the bank! Move! Everybody on the ground! Move another inch and I'll blow your head off. Keep your mouth shut, or I'll kill you. Shut up! Get down! Get down! Put your face on the ground down! Anyone moves, I will kill the person on either side of you. Please don't hurt us! Please! Then do not give me a reason to. Hey. Maddie's safe. How do you know? That is your final warning! All of you! Let's go! Down on the ground! Move! Everybody on the ground! Billy, we need to see what's happening in there. There's no way to see inside. They've closed the drapes and disabled the security cameras. If Kitt was close, we might be able to use his infrared. Until Kitt gets back, our best bet is news coverage. I was able to pull the plates from the two cars and the van. Both were reported stolen this morning. What's Kitt's E.T.A. to the hospital, and how long till we can get him back to Mike? Kitt, E.T.A.? I am less than 90 seconds away from the nearest hospital. I called ahead and explained the seriousness of the situation. Medical staff are standing by. Hello. Hi. Billy, this is Maddie. Maddie, this is Billy. How are you doing, Maddie? Well, I'm sitting inside a talking car that's driving itself to the hospital with a wounded police officer, and my mother's been kidnapped. How do you think I'm doing? Okay, too precocious for me. You have a problem dealing with any member of the opposite sex, don't you? Pretty much, yeah. Hi, Maddie. I'm Sarah. Hi, Sarah. I see you've already met Kitt. Yeah, he's pretty cool. And he's also a secret. Can you keep a secret? Of course she can keep a secret. She's a girl. Please. Hey. You okay? I've had worse. Are you a cop? No. You act like one. Be quiet. You're gonna get us killed! Sarah, I've dropped Maddie and the wounded officer at the hospital. I will be back at the bank in less than two minutes. I counted five of them outside. But there's only four in here. One of them went into a back room. What's your name? Lynn. Lynn, I'm Mike. Will you two please shut up! Kitt, we need to let the police know that Mike is inside the bank. I don't think we should tell them anything. They're cops. They can help. Or they could get him killed. Or they could save his life. I agree with Zoe in this situation, Sarah. In case you haven't noticed it, Zoe has trouble trusting authority figures lately. I noticed. Zoe, you need to see a professional About your trust issues. - Yeah, like that's gonna happen.  - Like that's gonna happen. Sarah, my concern is that the suspects May be monitoring police frequencies. They are well-armed and very well-prepared, Evident by their use of body armor And the military-style execution of their plan. I'm with Kitt. We could put Mike in more danger. Kitt, as soon as you're within range, I want infrared up. What are you doing? I'm calling 911. I already called them. Well then, where are they? Give me the phone. No. Give me the phone. What are you doing? Accessing infrared And tapping into police communications. I have identified Michael's position. His vital signs show he is alive and unharmed. They're all face down on the floor. I count four gunmen. What are they doing? Call your husband. Tell him where you are. - Hi, Frank. It... it's me.  - Hi, babe. I'm at the bank and... I know, you go every wednesday. - What's the matter  - I can't... Tina, what's wrong? - Turn on your TV.  - Who is this? Where's my wife? Turn on your TV now, Or your wife is dead. What channel? Any channel. You, get up. Get up. Move. What are you gonna do? Come on now. Move. Oh, what are you gonna do? Run. Oh, my god! This is not happening. This is not happening. I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die! That's ok. He shot him in the back. Oh, my god. They shot him in cold blood. If you do not do exactly as I say, The same thing will happen to your wife. If you call the police, I'll kill her. If you talk to anyone, I'll kill her. If you do anything You are not told to do by me, I will kill her. Do you understand? Yes. Now sit at your desk and do not move Until I call you back. What's the situation? They shoot a hostage by far. Get him on the phone. Right on time. Cut the phone lines, all except one. Take that one off the hook. Sarah, my scanners indicate Someone made a call from inside the bank Using a satellite phone. Who did they call? They used a scrambler, So I was unable to trace the call. Pretty sophisticated for bank robbers. Very sophisticated for bank robbers. They may be much more than bank robbers, Zoe. The hostage was shot with a handgun. It takes exceptional skill To shoot a moving target with a handgun from that distance. All phone lines in the bank except one have been disabled, And that one has been temporarily disconnected. Sarah, The hostage they shot is still alive. He's in the open. Swat is reluctant to move him For fear they will be shot. Kitt, block for the police So they can get to the wounded man. I want it out of commission now! Who are you? My name's Tina. Why did he have you call your husband? I don't know. - Who's your husband?  - Nobody. What does he do? Who does he work for? Who are you? Michael Knight. - You a cop?  - No. I was just passing by. Well. You're in the wrong place at the wrong time, Michael Knight. Some people would say I'm at the right place at the right time. Who'd you text? Nobody. Who'd you text? My girlfriend. Sarah. Who's Kitt? You're gonna hit me again When I tell you. Who's Kitt? My car. I saw that one coming. Attention. Inside the bank. This is the police. We know that you've disabled All but one phone line. Please answer that line. We don't want to see anyone else hurt. We just want to talk. Sarah, I lost contact with Michael. How? My infrared cannot penetrate the vault area. Why would they take him to the vault? It may be in anticipation of a swat assault, Since the suspects are refusing to speak to the police... Which coupled with The shooting of the hostage, has caused the incident commander to accelerate swat's plans. The swat team is moving into place as we speak. Kitt, what are the chances they'll be able to take out all five gunmen before any of the hostages are hurt? Not good, as I can only locate four of the five gunmen. There is still one somewhere inside the bank that is unaccounted for. See, I know what you're thinking. Why haven't I killed you yet? Well, I got plans for you, Michael Knight. Please stop! Hey, leave her alone. She has nothing to do with me. Then why were you holding her hand when you were on the floor? She was scared. I was telling her everything was gonna be okay. Heroes get people killed. Don't try and be one. I don't know either one of 'em, I swear. I swear! The only thing I hate more than heroes is cowards. Aah! I'm not gonna hit you. The hell I'm not. Let's go. Move the cart to the center of the room. Stop. The directions are simple. Put the money in the bag. Get up. Let's go. You. Fill up a bag. Get up! You, help him. Move! Get up. You can handle it. Go, let's go! Move! Let's fill up the bag! It's not hard! Move! The swat team is in position. Have you located the fifth gunman? I have not. That's the master key for the safe deposit boxes. Open every box. Pile the contents on this table. That could take hours. That's not your concern. Why not just stick with the money in the vault? You're completely surrounded. There's no way out. Team one in position. Team two in position. Get those safe deposit boxes open. Team three in position. Kitt, The bank is wired with explosives. Sarah, the swat team is in position and ready to fire. Kitt, you have to get word to the swat team. They have to abort. It may be too late, Sarah. My mark in five Four Three Two Stand down, stand down. This is swat leader, abort. Voice duplication active. The bank is wired with explosives. The bank is wired with explosives. Team one standing down. Team two standing down. This is swat leader. I did not issue that order. Repeat. Swat leader did not issue that order. What the hell's going on? Is the bank wired or not? Stand down, stand down. Kitt, I'm sending you the text number to contact Mike directly. Texting him now. Kitt, upload your replay files of the initial incidents. Uploading files. What are you looking for? Something's not right here. Let's go! Move it! Open the boxes now! Whoever heard of fighting your way into a bank? You're supposed to fight your way out. Statistically, successful bank robberies get in and out as fast as they can. Their actions were deliberate. They got out of their vehicles and opened fire before they were even close to the bank. They were clearly trying to draw attention to themselves. There was no reason for them to open fire. Wiring the bank suggests they knew the swat team would have handled this all. So they're barricading themselves inside the bank? Why? One of these gunmen never fired a shot. - Are you sure?  - Kitt, confirm this. Billy, you are correct. One of the gunmen did not fire a single shot, although he was armed. His weapon appears to be taped to his hand. Sarah, the person I am texting with is not Michael. Are you sure? Yes, but I can't be sure the original message was not from him. Should I continue communicating? You could feed him false information. It might make matters worse. You can't just stop communicating. Kitt, what do you think? I think you are all correct. There are an infinite number of possibilities since we have no idea what is happening inside the bank. But I believe Michael may have proven himself to be an equal adversary in some way. Otherwise, the person I am texting with would not be concerned about my location. These guys clearly have a bigger plan. Kitt, is there any way into or out of the bank? The police have the entire area Surrounded with swat and snipers. Well, check the surrounding buildings. There are no means of escape In the surrounding buildings. What about under the bank? There are thousands of miles of tunnels Under the city. Sewer, flood control, Subway, water, electric. But there is nothing directly under the bank. What about up into the building? They could hide in the building, But they could not escape. Kitt, bounce the text message back Like you didn't receive it. The police have made contact With the suspects in the bank. They are making their list of demands. Get us audio. Listen closely. I want five identical vans. No windows. Clear passage to the nearest private runway And a private jet waiting on the tarmac. The jet will be running and cleared for take off. What? They'll never give them a jet. Kitt, what's swat protocol for situations like this? They will not allow the gunmen To take the hostages on a plane. Unless they start killing the hostages. That would definitely Factor into swat's decision-making. So it's possible they'd let them board the plane. Unlikely, but possible. The plane will be completely empty. Void of all people. No flight crew. If I see one person near that plane, We start killing hostages. No flight crew? That means they have a pilot with them. Or one of the hostages is. He couldn't know who the hostages would be. Unless they followed a pilot into the bank. The woman at the A.T.M. was clearly targeted. You think she's a pilot? Can you identify her? No. Hang on. Blow that up and enhance it. That's Maddie's mom. Kitt, track down Maddie. You have one hour. If I do not see five vans in front of this bank In one hour, I will shoot another hostage in the back. Mrs. Martinez. May I speak with Maddie Johnson, please? Yeah, just one second. She's right here. It's for you. - Hello?  - Hello, Maddie. It's Kitt. Hi, Kitt. I hope I haven't called at a bad time. Just waiting for dad to pick me up. He said he's gonna be a little while. Maddie, your mother wouldn't happen to be A pilot, would she? My mom? No, she's afraid of flying. Is she okay? She will be fine. I'm sorry to have bothered you, Maddie. That's okay, Kitt. Bye. Bye. Someone in there is obviously a pilot. The fifth gunman? Maybe he's not a gunman, but a hostage. They brought him in with them to fly them out. The bank's a sub-branch. There can't be that much money in it. Not enough to warrant this extreme of an undertaking. What if they're buying themselves time? - For what?  - To open the safe deposit boxes. Any way we can find out Who has a safe deposit box in the bank? I'd need a branch code. Move another inch, And I'll blow your head off. Drop it! Now. It take you found what we were looking for. Yeah. Found it, baby. Good. Kitt, pull up all account numbers with a dash. Those are the safe deposit boxes. I have generated a list of all safe deposit box numbers and the account bearer. Any names of significance? Searching databases and cross-referencing. There is one. Joe Carter? Kitt, who is he? A reputed mob lawyer Who also represents and counsels many drug kingpins. He's well-trusted by them and has kept most out of jail. There were more accounts than we knew about. Let me guess... Numbered offshore bank accounts? Now, the account numbers are no good without their code names. A good attorney has the code names for every client's account, don't you? Right on time. Your private jet is waiting at the airport. I know I don't have to remind you, but I will anyway. If I see one person near that plane, we start killing hostages. Let's get 'em ready to move. The vans are outside the bank. There's no way the police are gonna let them walk out of that bank. Yeah, I have to know... what are they thinking? They're thinking they have another plan. Like what? They have no intention of walking out to those vans. There's no other way. Write down the code names. You need to worry less About your drug and mob friends And more about your own life. Code names. Now. The code names. Or good-bye family jewels. You planning on just walking out of here? Something like that. You know they'll never let you get close to that jet... If there even is one. I know. That's why you're going out the front door. Tape him up and suit him up. Let's move. I told you I had plans for you, michael knight. Get that armor on. It's all a scam. - The bank robbery?  - No, the escape. - What are you talking about?  - These guys are smart. Why would they suddenly turn stupid at the end? They have to have another way out. Tape their weapons to their hands. What are you looking for? Maybe another way out of the tunnel. But Kitt said that there are no tunnels Directly underneath the bank. That we know of. Tell your husband you're okay. Frank, it... it's me. Tina, are you okay? - I'm okay.  - But you won't be. - Unless you do exactly as I say.  - Yes, I will do whatever you need. Please don't hurt her. In exactly 90 seconds, You will turn the power grid off for the entire city or your wife is dead, do you understand? I can't shut down the power grid. Then say good-bye to your wife. Ooh! Wait. I'll do it. The power's not off in 90 seconds, She's the first to die. Followed by every hostage we have. Sarah, another satellite call was just made. Who were they calling? Whoever it is, they have to have something to do with how they plan on getting out of that bank. Maddie's mom was clearly targeted. Why? Should we call Maddie again? She's waiting for her father. I can check to see if he's there yet. Why would he not be there yet, Considering the situation? Maybe Maddie's mom was targeted Because of her father. Who is he? Kitt. Accessing information now. All right, who is he? - Nobody.  - What does he do? He works for the Department Of Water And Power. He's gonna shut down the power grid. This is swat leader. Load armor-piercing rounds. Snipers, you have the green light. Repeat, snipers, you have the green light. Sarah, we have a problem. Sarah, Michael has been dressed As one of the gunmen. Snipers have been given the order to kill him. Kitt, stop them! Do not fire. Gunmen are hostages. I repeat, the gunmen are hostages. Stand down. We have all clear. Here we go. - Got it?  - Yeah. Holy crap, they just took out the entire city. Michael, raise the weapon above your head. Kitt, they have another way out. There's a tunnel under the bank. When you clear the first tunnel, blow the bank. Everybody get down! The bank's gonna blow! Fire in the hole! Mike! Sarah, Michael has disappeared under the bank. Ah, they're going out through the sewer system. There are 6500 miles of sewers under the city. And 1500 miles of flood control tunnels. That's not even counting the subway tunnels. Wouldn't take much tunneling If you knew where to dig to get from the sewer system To the flood control system to the subway system. With any kind of transportation, They could move quickly Within a 1700-square-mile radius. We'll never find them. I have plotted an intersect. How? They still have the cell phone, and I am tracking the signal. Shutting down the power shuts down the third rail. They're probably in the subway system. No, no. That's too obvious. What else does it do? Opens the gates to the flood control tunnels. They'd have a straight shot to the ocean. With a fast boat, they could be in international waters Within 30 minutes. Clear! - The electric bikes are over there.  - Let's go. Sarah, they are headed toward... A sewer service opening In an abandoned parking lot. Pardon my intrusion. I see you've met my car. There's more than enough money in these accounts for all of us. I'm talking billions. There's more to life than money. Kitt! No! Thank you so much. Yeah, I don't know what I would have done Without you... all of you. Thank you too, Kitt.