Nothing on the infrared or penetrating radar either. You think they're blowing us off? Not if they want their money. I guess if you're smart enough to kidnap a u.N. Ambassador From a heavily guarded compound, You're smart enough to stick around for your ransom. All that matters is we get her back in time For the peace negotiations, With a minimum of public exposure. I don't know why anyone would want to grab her In the first place. Olara kumali is the first diplomat in five years To get her government and the rebels to sit down and talk. She's the best hope to end a civil war in central africa. Not everyone wants peace. Don't worry, guys. Any sign now? Not according to my scanners, michael. I'm gonna check it out. Michael, what happens if the kidnappers Show up without the ambassador? Then we go to the backup plan. The backup plan, A plan created "whatever can go wrong will go wrong." But isn't it true that there are an infinite number Of ways a plan can go wrong? That's why backup plans suck. Kitt, you hear that? Yes, michael. The sound is coming from under the truck Via a third-generation umts handheld device. It's called a phone. Michael, there is an incoming ufo. Where? Your 11:00. Son of a... What is the backup plan, michael? Follow it. The object in question is an advanced type Of unmanned aerial vehicle, Otherwise known as a u.A.V. Or drone. Well, that drone just took our ransom money. Activate missiles. Shooting the drone will incinerate the money And will most likely destroy Any evidence that would lead us to ambassador kumali. Lasers, then. At the drone's altitude, The results will be the same. At least get a satellite on it. I have tried, But the craft seems to be equipped with a stealth coating That prevents tracking. We have to do something. There is still the phone under the truck. If you answer it, perhaps I can trace the call. Nice backup plan. Hello? Man, I thought you were gonna chase that thing all day. Who is this? Wrong question. Where's ambassador kumali? Ding--better. And by ambassador, you must mean olara, right? Take a peek. Ambassador. Who are you? Ambassador, my name is mike, and I'm coming to get you out of-- Okay, that--that--that--please. Will you please stop that crap? That's enough, mike, all right? Now, here's the deal. I'm going to give you an attractive, Very influential ambassador, But first, you got to, you know, do a little something for me. The money wasn't enough? Hell, no. No, the money was just part of the equation. Now, because you made good on the delivery, Olara is alive. If you keep playing ball, she stays that way. If you don't, then she's dead. Do we have a deal? Deal. Great. Now, hang on to that phone and get away from the truck, Because I got to, You know, do that little crazy, Destroy-the-evidence kind of thing. Excuse me? Run. Michael, are you all right? Please tell me you traced that call. I could not. The caller rerouted his cell signal Through more junctions and hubs than I could trace in time. Accordingly, I must agree With your earlier assessment-- backup plans suck. His name is gunnar haas, Inmate number 32587, At madras medium-security prison. And I need him released in an hour. I don't think that's possible. Oh, mike, please, will you cut it out? Now, uncle sam trusted you to make the swap today, Which means that you have more than enough juice To spring a short-timer like haas. I'll see what I can do. Oh, good. That's great, because I was gonna have to do Some really bad things to olara. Ambassador. You again. Do you know where you are? No. Do you know who kidnapped you? No, I do not, But he is watching me. He is watching us. Just know that I'm gonna do more than watch her If you do not stick with the plan. Now, I'm calling you in an hour, And I need you Outside madras prison with gunnar by your side. And if not... Bye-bye. Billy, I want everything we can find on gunnar haas. On it. Any luck with the trace? The signal was triple-encrypted And rerouted twice around the globe Through phone companies, server farms, bowling alleys, Strip clubs. Whoever this guy is, he's a real joker. What about the drone? Satellites can't help. I'm checking kitt's footage To see if we can connect it to a manufacturer. Where's sarah and charles? Working on a sick robot. Get them. Increase pressure by ten barries. Decrease by ten. Release. Well, I don't know what to say. The, uh, actuators, and the gears, And the air muscles are all working fine. Hank, when you dropped the compressor, Was it a drop or more of a slip? Dad. It was definitely intentional. And when I asked him about it, He wouldn't admit what he'd done. He's a robot, sarah. He can't lie. He's acting weird. It's the ssc. Yeah, well, uh, you go. I'll finish up. All right. Keep an eye on him. Okay, big guy, she's gone. You got something on your mind? Just between us guys? Okay. Well, I'll keep an eye on you for the next few days, And we'll see if there's another incident. You get back to work, now. Gunnar haas will be at the madras gate in 15 minutes. Carrie? Sorry. That was a message from my dad. It's nothing. When mike gets gunnar, He'll make the swap for the ambassador. Now, if we're lucky, we can still get her To the negotiations by 6:00. Has billy found out anything more about haas? Well, he's an arms dealer, So he may have something to do with this war The ambassador's dealing with. Still no definite connection. So we have a political kidnapping That doesn't look political. I got a bad feeling about this. All missions have their complications. Yeah, but if it's just a kidnapping, why this extra step? Mike's arrived at madras prison. What do you mean we can't get gunnar haas released? I mean, we can't. Billy, I got kitt jacked into the prison surveillance cameras. I can see gunnar right there. According to prison records, Gunnar haas is serving a five-year sentence For the sale of contraband weapons. A charge such as this could easily be commuted, billy. That's true, unless the cia says no. Cia? I guess gunnar Ticked off a bunch of people before he got busted. Well, if we're gonna keep The ambassador alive, we need him out In less than 15 minutes. Yeah, that's why torres said You should get creative. Does that mean what I think it means? Just don't get caught. You hear something? What the hell is that? Communication in the prison has been disabled, Along with all associated response systems, Leaving a population of 87 inmates And ten guards. Kitt, turbo boost. Get in! All right! Come in! Come in! Radio to command is dead! Holy-- Shut up and hold on! Kitt, do it! Well, he didn't get caught. Prison cameras, Radio chatter, alarms, witnesses-- I want all of it contained. Doing the sweep now. Sarah, do we have anything more on that drone? Based on what carrie showed me, The craft looks like some kind of prototype. No markings anywhere. Carrie... Get on the line with the department of justice. And tell them what? That we're in the middle of a cover operation, And we're handling all this. Transformation complete Amazing. Yeah. Spectacular. Excuse me. No. First, you tell me about this car. Kitt, protocol nancy bravo charlie four. Okay, I got him. Prove it. Happy? Mike, that's a philosophical question That would take hours to discuss, But I'm glad you got the job done. Oh, and so is olara. Great. So when do we do the swap? Sorry? What swap? Gunnar haas for the ambassador. Come on, mike. What, did you really think that I was just using you To get some second-rate arms dealer out of prison? Actually, yeah. Oh, I'm so sorry. Um, but your day's just begun. He wants you to get an x-ray machine? A research-quality micro a.P.S. X-ray machine. That's high-end. And we've got, uh, 40 minutes. Sarah's running a search for the machine with kitt now. First, he kidnaps an african ambassador. Then he wants to get a hold of some international convict With ties to cia, Then some weird piece of equipment. Yeah. What's the connection? I'm working on it. According to the g.A.O., The nearest a.P.S. X-ray machine Is at state university. Think they'll let me borrow it? No. Micro a.P.S. X-ray machines are incredibly hard to come by. They're only used for specialized research-- Studying the molecular structure of organisms, Uh, dating artifacts, penetrating large objects. How does that have anything to do with an arms dealer? Maybe he's smuggling something. Or trying to prevent something from being smuggled. Maybe he's planning on smuggling something Inside something That's inside something else... Like an illegal turducken. Mike, did haas say anything To suggest he may have something against the ambassador? Nope, according to him, He doesn't even know her. You believe him? Not really. It's him. We'll be listening. Yeah. Mike. Ambassador, you got the phone? No. He wants me to tell you He has cut off my air, And I have less than two hours to live. Don't worry. I'm coming for you, Ambassador. Call me... Olara. You're very brave, olara. That was so nice. I mean--i mean, maybe a little sappy, But it had some humanity. Still, you need to pick up the pace, or she dies... Slowly. You have some serious psychological problems. Mm, yes, and you work for the government. I think I know which one's worse. You know, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you were mad at me, hank. So you didn't intentionally throw that ball? No? Okay, just gonna let this sweep Run on your core a.I. And I'll get back to kitt. Hank. Where's the machine? The x-ray machine is located in room 312. And I got 15 minutes to get it from up there to down here. Sarah, please tell me I don't have to turbo-boost into this place. Don't worry. We've got something a little more high-tech planned. How's the disguise working out, michael? Your 3-d generator never ceases to impress. Let's try it on these guys. As long as you don't tell them I targeted the room's alternating current dispenser, You should be fine. You mean you unplugged it? That's right. I'm here for the x-ray machine. We just called five minutes ago. How'd you get here so fast? Dedicated service department. Mike, the machine you're looking for Is about the size of a small refrigerator. Yep, we treat all our machines Like family. That's the microwave. I know. I skipped lunch. You want to find the thing that looks like a telescope. There it is. It just stopped working. Why would it do that? Tell him it has something to do with the computerized... Tomographic system and micro-focus. From what I can tell, The tomographic system got disconnected From the micro-focus. You can tell just by looking at it? You can if the tube head is loose From the x-ray generator. Well, it makes sense... Since the x-ray generator Came loose From the old tube head here. Isn't that the tube head? Jeez, mike, didn't you pay any attention in science class? You shut your face. Are you talking to yourself? Say You were testing the machine's resonance. I'm testing the machine's resonance. Why don't you just open it up and look at it? What, does this guy want to try fixing this himself? Hey, you want to try fixing this yourself? No. Good. 'cause in my opinion, This whole thing needs to come back to our lab. For how long? Depends. The sooner I can take it, The sooner you can get back to your... Bone. Thanks. Nice work, mike. You too, kitt. You are both welcome. We'll be on our way in just a few more steps. Open the door, kitt! Hurry, michael. Kitt, open the door now! Michael, with the taser barbs removed, You should be feeling better. I'll feel better when we have olara. Say you got it. I did. Oh, man. I do not know which agency you work for, mike, But I gotta tell you, man. They gotta give you a raise. Just tell me how many more of these random jobs I'm gonna have to do. Nothing that you are doing for me is random. Do you understand? See, now, look. See right there? There's a navigator driving beside you. Friends of yours? Hey, slow down Now all you have to do, wiseass, Is just know that they are people That I do business with, okay? And now you do too. Now up ahead is an amusement park. Do you see? Okay. Now pull over into the lot, and what I want you to do is, I want you to give mr. Haas to the people In that vehicle. And in return, they are going to give you a little box. Do you get it? Sure. A convict, an x-ray machine, And a box at an amusement park. Yeah, it all makes perfect sense. No, it doesn't. You checking the car's plates? Working on it. What about fallout from the university? Smoothing things over with the dean as we speak. Anything on the x-ray machine? Still nothing to suggest why the kidnapper Or gunnar haas would want it. What about ivana alexandrov? She's the registered owner of the navigator. What do we know about her? According to the state department, She's a businesswoman. According to the nsa, she's s.V.R. According to me, she's hot. Sluzhba vnyeshney razvyedkee? Russian secret service. Cross reference her with the ambassador and gunnar haas. There has to be a match. What the hell has he gotten us into? Hank! Hank! Look, now stop! Hank, stop it! H-h-hank! Okay, look, you've given me no choice. Oh, hank. What is this? This is where you get out. Oh, no. Not them. It's three girls. What's the problem? We had a slight misunderstanding During a business transaction. Hello, gunnar. Dude. Come on. Nice job for one man. Thanks. Now give him to us. First give me the box. Be glad we are giving you your life. A little help, kitt. Lethal or non-lethal? Non-lethal. Accessing micro-darts. Last chance. Oh, thank you, thank you. Thank you, kitt. Have carrie get an fbi team over here to clean this up. Yes, michael. You should be aware that the aircraft has returned. Aircraft? The drone. It is directly overhead. I hate this guy. This guy's name is christopher stevens. I cross-referenced cia, fbi, and homeland security databases. He's the one guy connected to ambassador kumali, Gunnar haas, and ivana alexandrov. How? He was a weapons designer for the pentagon. You know him? I know of him. Well, according to this, He was suspected of selling secrets to russia. He was put on trial, and it was stopped When three key u.N. Witnesses disappeared. So he was just let go? His research was confiscated. His project was scrapped. It was a self-targeting, low-orbiting laser. It didn't have anything to do with x-rays. Still, no one kept tabs on him. I'm sure they've tried. He's a smart guy. If he has come back, it can't be good. Come on, call already. Kitt? Michael, please exit the vehicle. Exposure to an excess of 1,000 rads Can result in human fatality in-- In english! The package you are carrying? It's radioactive. Hazardous materials storage container opening. Exposure limited to below serious. Stand by for decontamination. What?  Stand by for decontamination Contamination removed. Thanks. You're welcome. He's having me pick up uranium? Actually, the material in the box is not uranium. It's hafnium. What? Atomic number 72. Hafnium is a ductile metal With a high neutron-capture cross-section. Given today's events, it is interesting That hafnium can be made to release a bomb-like charge When struck with a specific waveform. X-rays? Correct. What's more, the size of the resulting blast Would be approximately ten miles In diameter per hafnium gram. Your box contains three grams. Wow, you are good. You're having me build a bomb? No, I'm having you collect pieces So I can build a bomb. Not if I hang on to what I have. Way to drop your purse and get into the game, mikey. Yeah, sure, you can keep everything. But then I'd keep this. I mean, look at her. Smart, kind. And the only thing that's keeping her alive is you, mike. And that's exactly why you're gonna bring Everything in your car over to the hesperia sugar mill. A sugar mill. Yeah, a sugar mill which is exactly 20 minutes away from you. Which is exactly the amount of time That olara has left to breathe. I'm sure you have gps in your car, am I right? Hmm, you have no idea. Great. Get going. Hank? I noticed that this went missing From my files a little while back, But I never thought it would be Because one of my robots took it. Hank, I know I haven't been spending As much time with you as I used to, And it must be kinda frustrating To be in here all by yourself While katie and lisa are with kitt. That doesn't mean you can throw things Whenever you want. Well, I'll tell you what. There's a work space in the ssc which needs filling. Are you interested? Okay, good. You start tomorrow. Dad. We have a situation. You can't be serious. I'm not letting olara die. You can't deliver A hafnium bomb to a man like stevens. He's right, mike. Going into this blind is too big a risk. So is letting him get away, And that's exactly what's gonna happen if I don't show up. Don't be so sure. This is the hesperia sugar mill. It's been abandoned, and from all our data, It's where christopher stevens is And ambassador kumali as well. Sarah and charles just ran an analysis on the drone. They're pretty sure this is where the controlling Transmission comes from. Also, ambient sound tests On the phone calls from stevens And the ambassador match, Suggesting they're in the same place. Plus there's this. What is that? An electromagnetic shield. Every scan we've run on this place, Heat, infrared, radar, Sonar, gets blocked around this warehouse. And why go through all that trouble unless You're hiding something important? Exactly. Now stevens is expecting you here in about ten minutes. The thing is, people can get irrational As they're close to finally getting what they want. If there were ever a time when stevens Would let down his guard, this is it. Carrie, I want you and a team Out there asap. On my way. Zoe, keep tabs on that drone. Billy, help sarah and charles Figure out a way to penetrate that shield. Mike's going in. We need to give him all the cover we can. Michael, we will be in range in less than a minute. We'll most likely lose contact As soon as you enter the property. Got it. You ready? Yes. Still, due to the nature of your plan, I am compelled to ask. What happens if the elements Do not come together as you've predicted? Then we go to the backup plan. I thought we concluded That backup plans are ineffective. That's why we better get this right. On my mark. Three, two, one...Now! Mike? Mike? He's not responding. He must be under the shield. Can we get an image into the warehouse? Not yet. Kitt, we've lost contact with mike. We're probably gonna lose contact with you. You need to hold on until carrie gets there. I understand, dr. Graiman. Dr. Graiman-- We've lost them both. Mike. My man. So nice to see you. Sort of. Now I want you to follow us into this warehouse. Then you're gonna stop your car, And then you're gonna get out. You understand? Talkative guy. Follow me. Nice mood lighting. Deal or no deal? No deal. Get stevens. I wouldn't do that. The sooner you do, the sooner he'll know I kicked your ass. Okay, time to get out. Dr. Graiman? Michael? Time to get out. Oh, come on, mike. Really? I mean, if you don't wanna get out, Then you don't get olara. You get it? Mike? Olara. Okay, mike. This just stopped being funny. Open the door. Open the-- all right. What am i, talking to myself? Olara. Mike! Okay, that's it. You don't wanna get out of the car? I'm bringing her out right now. I'm gonna put a bullet in her-- Hang on, pal. Say what? Hang on, pal. Hang on, pal? I said, "hang on, pal." You said-- Nobody says, "hang on, pal" to me! When was the last time you heard from the others? Talking car? Nice. Oh, I gotta tell you, mike. While I do not like your deception, I do respect your tenacity. Now open the door and give me my stuff. Don't. He is a terrorist. Oh, yeah, I'm a terrorist. Good call. All right, we're gonna do it a different way. If you don't give me my stuff, I'm gonna pop her. Open the doors and trunk. A voice-activated talking car. Right on. You guys know what to do. Hafnium's in the trunk. Machine's in the back. That's so rad. Who's it for? You mean the bomb? Oh, well, that's the great part about this whole thing, mike. It's really funny. Um, the bomb... Is...For... You. Okay, so here's how it's gonna go. While I hang on to olara, You are going to get into this car now And gun it to 100 miles per hour. Now from that point on, you keep it at 100, 105, And then you just stay on that road heading north. Why 100? Oh, this is really funny. Actually, I was gonna say 60. But then I just saw this car, dude. You know, and I was like, "you gotta take advantage Of the speed, you know?" Oh, and by the way, if you deviate off-course, I'll know from the bomb's gps, And then olara dies, and hello, genocide. You are insane. Yes, I know, but it gets better. Just you wait. Um, so if you go below 100 miles per hour, Then the bomb automatically explodes. Got it? Good. Go. You'll never get away with this. Do they teach you guys to say that somewhere? 12 seconds. Mike, go. Please. I'll find you. You too. Mm-hmm, yeah. Uh, buckle up safely. Nine seconds. Mike! Carrie's about to get there, mike. What's going on? Stevens has olara, kitt has a bomb in his trunk, And I have to stay above 100 or everything blows up. There's no one in here.