They got you babysitting now? You know you don't have to do everything you're told. The SSC has requested we review your cover... Okay,okay. Cover's Jack Miller. Newbury,Kansas. Marine corps,special forces. I assaulted my C.O., skipped my court martial,currently listed as awol. Happy? I have a question,Michael. Why would a soldier assault his own commanding officer? War can make a man do all kinds of things he can't explain. Kind of like women. Don't listen to him,Kit. He may know war,but what he thinks he knows about women is far more dangerous. Kitt,run the algorithm on the new transform system. Let's make sure it's clear. Commencing algorithmic preview. Got to say,the whole brainiac,gear-head thing... Very hot. Hmm. Shouldn't you be getting your game face on or something? Who says I'm not? What are you doing this weekend? Nothing. None of your business. Nothing. For your birthday? Just stay home alone and watch TV. The alone part sounds really nice. When I get back,I'm taking you out and getting you drunk. We're celebrating. That's a promise. Wow. That sounds like a dream date. I will count the hours. Whoa there,speed racer. What happened to your face? Oh,I was playing basketball and caught an elbow. Caught an elbow. Looks more like three or four elbows and a knee. It's not that bad,okay. Really? You look like something that should have stayed in Vegas. I got into an argument with some idiot over cracks for war craft. And I took a beat down,okay? There. Are we all in the loop now? Awesome. His name is Walt Cooperton. He runs a private military organization. Was into a lot of nasty business in Iraq. That kind of stuff doesn't make the evening news. - Mercenaries.  - Six months ago, D.O.D. Terminated his contract at the request of the state department. Must've been pretty messy, since state's not releasing any of the details. Now he's operating a compound outside of Phoenix. Training a private militia... Hard-core extremists,constitutionalists, a real fun crowd. Legally,we can't touch him. The compound's privately owned. Claims he's just training for company missions overseas. But you don't believe him. Take a look at this. Our own declaration of independence states that to secure our rights, Governments are institute amongst men. Deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed. When the government becomes destructive of these ends, It is the right of the people to abolish it. I say beyond that, It is their sacred duty. It looks like someone found religion. A little more than that. Two weeks ago,he purchased state-of-the-art Remote triggering devices. We're talking military grade, for multi-megaton ballistic weaponry. Guy's definitely got an attitude problem. We need you to infiltrate Cooperton's group and find out what he's planning on doing with all his new toys. And disable all their operational capability. There goes the weekend. One more thing,Michael. There must be no communication with me or the SSC. If you are wearing the earwig,it will be detected. Anything else? Maybe I should do the whole mission blindfolded or one arm tied behind my back. Doing it with one arm was mentioned in the dossier. Wait,was that a joke? Did you just make a joke,Kitt? Prepare for transformation. Transformation complete. Mike's out there taking on the world, I can't even take on one gamer geek. So do something about it. Grow a pair and learn how to fight. Who's going to teach me? You? Rec room,tonight. And don't make me come looking for you. Zoe,go easy on him. Easy is not my speed. His name is Oren Moss. He was affiliated with a militia group in Utah before he became Cooperton's lieutenant. That's the idiot I need to talk to. Michael, My sensors indicate that these men are armed. It would not be wise to approach them Without a means of defending yourself. One thing about soldiers,Kitt, they are eyes forward predators. You can lure them anywhere if they think you're prey. Huh. Oh,man,these are good. You weren't planning on eating these,were you? You're going to get hurt,cowboy. I'm not a cowboy. I'm a marine. Name is Jack Miller. I'm looking for Walt Cooperton. Don't know him. If I were at liberty to do so, me and my boys here would turn you into a puddle. But I'm not at liberty. If you've got a brain in your head, You'll get your dumb ass back in that truck and drive. Well,Kitt,let's get us some hummer. Michael,I heard moss threaten to turn you into a puddle. while that is physically impossible, It was rather direct. Perhaps another approach would be prudent. No,this is the fun part. This is where the hunt begins. Take it easy,Mike. These guys know this back country inside and out. Everyone relax. I know what I'm doing. We are completely surrounded. Shall I initiate defensive protocols? No. They got me right where I want them. Mike,what the hell's going on? Shut down all communications. Mike,wait! I'm in. You have pretty nice form. Except you keep dropping your lead hand. Someone's going to get you good if you're not careful. Let's try this again. What are you doing here? You know... I bet when you smile,you really light up a room. Get them! Michael's endorphin and adrenaline levels are excessively elevated. Indicating the probability of internal injuries. Shall I intervene? This is what Mike is trained for. We can't compromise the mission. You're going to have to take a breath sooner or later. And when you do,your lungs will fill with water and you're going to drown. Okay,okay,I'll talk. Please. The reason I'm here is... I forgot. Damn... I lost it. I swear. It was right there  on the tip of my tongue. Hey, I'm kind of thirsty, do you think I could get some water? All right,that's enough. Well. I see you've met my girl. Yeah,she's a real delicate flower. Let's talk. You have a navy cross, bronze star, purple heart, Three times. Never afraid to take one for the team. Mm. You were with O.E.F. at Mazari Sharif? Yeah,I was part of the drop team that took the compound. What kind of support did you have? F/A-18 Hornets,Daisy Cutters,AC-130s. They tore them up for us pretty good. You must have jointed up with the 337th. Those are some hard-charging humps. I read that. I guess I'd know for sure if I was in South Korea. 337th never rotated in theatre. Don't screw with me,sir. I danced at your welcome party, and I'm not complaining,but if you don't want me here, just say the word. This country was founded on a healthy distrust of authority. Live free or die, that is America. Now some 230 years later,we've traded a British despot for a new breed of tyranny. The federal government,it will not stand, not as long as there is breath in my lungs. You'll find I'm like-minded in that,sir. Good. Get yourself cleaned up. We chow in an hour. Kitt,can you hear me? Good to hear your voice again,Michael. I'm going to scope things out tonight, see what I can find. You're going to have to be my eyes. We will have a satellite overhead. Don't worry,I've got your six. That is the correct usage of the expression,is it not? I got your back,you got mine. That's how we roll. Talking to yourself in the can? What are you? Some kind of P.T.S.D. Whack-job? Maybe I am. Or maybe you're just hearing the voices again. You like hurting people,don't you,sweetheart? Why? You want to get hurt? You and I have unfinished business. My hands aren't tied now. Might make it a little more interesting. Oh,you do like it rough,don't you? That's what I thought. Do you think she believes that? We'll find out. I said punch me,not feel me up. All right,geez. No wonder you got your butt kicked,Billy. Are you even sure you've got a y-chromosome? Let's check under the hood. Back off. Little aggression,nice. That's what I'm talking about. So come on. Now hit me. I'm not going to hit a girl. Oh,really? I'm not saying you're going to hit me. I'm saying take your best shot... Bitch. Rule one, if you're going to make the first move, make it count. You see an opening, you take it... hard. Let's do it again. Okay,you ready? I am ready,Michael. Okay,Kitt,talk to me. Michael,be careful. There is a guard approaching from behind your cover. You are clear to proceed. Okay,Kitt,what's next? Cooperton's tent is to your 12 o'clock. Base to unit 3,what's your 20? Unit 3,copy. Area 4,it's all clear. Copy that. Deploy along the south fence to the perimeter. Roger that. Sarah,are you out there? I've got you. Kitt,I'm uploading an application that should penetrate cooperton's firewall. Let me know when you're in. Stupid. I have access,Sarah. Okay. Now it's a party. Kitt,we're looking for any documents that might clue us in on what this guy's been up to. Also going to need schematics of the compound. If he's hiding a weapon,we need to find it. Building up schematics,searching for weapons... Chateau margaux '86. Something's not right here,Sarah. Are you kidding? That is an epic bottle of wine. The guy's got a diamond rolly, a closet full of $6,000 suits, and come on. Maybe if the wine were Californian,I'd believe it. But no self-respecting far right freak is going to drink French wine. Yeah,what a waste. Kitt... Search cooperton's computer for personnel files. Run backgrounds on everyone. They'll have aliases and assumed identities, so you'll have to go deep. Go deepest on cooperton himself. I want to know everything about him Since the day he was born. I will get right on it. But I think I have found something. There is a large structure at the south east perimeter. And I am picking up traces of explosives. Let's check it out. There's nothing here,Kitt. I am still picking up traces of explosives. Whatever they have must be large-scale to leave such a strong chemical fingerprint. Tap into the compound's video security files. If they moved it,we need to know where. Michael,you need to leave at once. Someone is approaching... fast. Told you about dropping that lead hand. Who are you? Really? Jack Miller,232nd,Zulu. Give it a rest,Jack. Who sent you,N.S.A.? F.B.I? My name's Cassandra Banks. MI-6. We've been tracking cooperton for over a year. MI-6? What,like licensed to kill,double-o status? In her majesty's secret service... that MI-6? What am I supposed to call you,Jane Bond? Sure,if I can call you G.I.... jackass. If you're MI-6, How come my people don't know you're here? Am I supposed to ring them up And wait for someone like you to stumble in A few days before our target is about to attack? He's going in the next few days? Best guess. Cooperton has acquired a massive conventional weapon... Modified,smaller scaled Moab. It's quite the little prize. What's he planning on doing with it? It's a demolitions bomb. I would venture he's planning to knock something down. And brilliantly deduced. The target? I don't know. Are you going to lower your weapon? Are you? Go. Take her alive if you can. You've got a nice accent there,honey. But still,how do I know you're not setting me up? I haven't opened fire yet. That only tells me that you want to live. It doesn't tell me whose side you're on. Look... About six months ago, I thought cooperton was on to me. So I scuttled my communications. I've been in the dark since. So if you're who you say you are, I'm rather glad you're here. Michael,there are several  armed guards approaching. I've located a side exit. It's directly to your left. I will meet you there in ten seconds. Got it,make it a party for two. You have someone else on the inside? It's a little hard to explain,come on. Who's bloody driving? Just get in. Kitt,let's go. Occupant restraint system active. Kitt? You're talking to your truck? It is a pleasure to meet you,Cassandra. And he's talking to me? Let's see Bond's car do that. Let's go! Michael,my sensors indicate the road ahead Is heavily mined. Please secure yourselves, I am initiating evasive maneuvers. Transformation will improve my mobility. Kitt,transform now! You all right? I think so. Kitt,are you all right? I've hit a mine in mid-transformation, Compromising multiple systems. Can you get us out of this ditch? My systems are not responding. I am unable to access my diagnostic protocols To fully assess damage. I take that as a "no." Michael,you will be captured if you do not leave now. Sarah... Kitt's down. We're on it,Mike. Get yourself out of there. No,I'm not leaving him. Michael,go now. Find them. Shoot them on sight. Kitt. What's your status? Tell me what I'm working with. The blast must have breached a vulnerability in my undercarriage,during transformation. I'm going to attempt accessing diagnostics by shutting down and rebooting with my secondary mainframe. Okay,you got any Intel for me before you go night night? Your opponent has superior numbers and an advanced knowledge of the terrain. Okay,tell me something I don't know. The amount of knowledge that you don't know would take multiple lifetimes to... Kitt,I need options. As I am unable to assist you directly, your best option is to move south,towards the river. How far south? How do you feel about Rio? Initiating shut down. You,that way. Go,go,go,go. Okay,Michael,we're flying blind here. Temporary,just until Kitt is back online. Okay... We made it to the river, and I'm telling you this isn't going to work, you need to find us another route. Let me see what I can find. Mike... I'm looking at your coordinates, there's just no other way. I'm telling you,we can't make it down to the river. The descent is too steep. Uh... There is one way. Oh,hell no. You got to be kidding me,right? Sarah,Kitt's back up. Oh,thank god. Kitt,I thought you said the river was our best option. It is. You have approximately a 30% chance of survival if you make it across the river. Compared with the near certainty of being shot if you do not. Always looking on the bright side. He's right,Mike. If you can get to the other side, I've coordinates to a clearing. If you can get there,we might be able to evacuate. Okay,just rewind a second. You're saying you want us to jump... Into the river? You know... Phobias are really just symptoms of a repressed painful experience. The jump is a 67-foot fall into mountain run off, 33 degrees,low bottoms,sharp rocks. Probability of injury,extreme. That would be the painful experience I'm trying to repress,okay? We need to back track and hike out of here... I guess we're getting wet. Current's taking them downstream. I want that river forded and I want them found. We've got two hours before we lose our window. They're going to be cold,They're going to be tired. Let's finish it. Kitt,Mike's not responding on earwig. What's happening? The earwig was damaged in the fall. If Michael and Cassandra do not get warm, hypothermia will set in within the next seven minutes. I'm attempting to reestablish contact now. Find him,Kitt. Wait. What's wrong? My ankle. How bad is it? You should be getting on just fine. In about two months. Get me the extra clip. I'll buy you some time. Stiff upper lip and all that English ya ya. The crew that I ran with, we had a little saying. "Leave no man behind." I'm not a man. Even better. Look,if we don't find shelter and get warm, we're both going to die. So forgive me for being so forward, but I'm going to have to ask you to take off your clothes. My communications are not fully functioning, but I did get a fix on Michael's position. My sensors indicate they are approaching stage two hypothermia. If they are unable to raise their body temperature, they will die. Can you get me a visual,Kitt? We'll have to divert power from the repair in order to up link. I just need to check on him. Diverting power now. You know what I wish? That we were in a hotel room in Rio? Besides that. I wish I could forget the things I've done. We're not going to die. You don't need to confess. You know,it's funny. I'd give anything to remember just to know what I've done. Then I'd probably want to forget. Mike... I'm sorry I was so hard on you during the interrogation. Because I had to make it look good. Don't worry about it. I've had worse first dates. Is this a date then? Sarah,I have acquired the visual you requested. Main screen,please. Sarah,I must tell you that... Main screen now,Kitt. What is that? Huh. Shut off the imaging,Kitt. Mike's just fine. And you need the energy to finish your repairs. Call me when he's on the move. Mike. Sarah,is that you? Are we back up? Mike,what's going on? Where are you? Something's wrong. Cooperton's men,they were right on us. And now they're just gone. Are we walking into a trap? How close are you to the evacuation point? Just about there now. - I thought we were going to be evacuated.  - We are. In what? This beat-up matchbox car? Oh,come on,he's a Mustang... An American icon. An icon? Really? As far as I know,no one ever wrote a song About a Bentley. I think I know why You're not having any trouble from Cooperton. He's making his move. The weapon's mobile. I repeat,the target's hot. How's Kitt? Still not 100% - How close is he to being ready?  - He's functional. He's just limited with his weapons and communications. Fine,I'll take what I got and do it old school. Old school? I'll drive. The target and four humvee vehicles Are moving south down highway 17. If we head west on route 212, We should be able to intercept. How much time? That depends. How fast can this thing go? This thing? Are you kidding me? Prepare to scream like a little girl. Kitt,show her what you got. Michael,my systems are slow to respond, But they are functioning. Scream like a what? Kitt,what the hell? You might want to... Right on schedule,gentlemen. Keep it tight. Over there. Cooperton's Humvees. Michael,my search protocols are operational again. I can begin those background checks - You requested on Cooperton's men.  - Good. I'm telling you,something's not right with these guys,Kitt. How are we doing on the target list? We're putting it together now. Michael,I believe your instincts are correct. Cooperton is not who he appears to be. What do you got,Kitt? Cooperton and his lieutenant Oren Moss Are international mercenaries both implicated In a major bank robbery in Dubai? Moss escaped capture, And Cooperton was never officially charged. However,the incident did end his association with the D.O.D. What are a couple of mercenary bank robbers doing with right-wing extremists? It doesn't make any sense. What the hell is going on now? Stay with the truck. Oh,my god. Sarah,I think we've got our target. Mike,we're with you. Alert local police and fire. We need support at the dam now. Michael,my sensors indicate The truck does not have a driver. It appears to be operated by remote control. You'll have to override it. Do it now. Sit tight. What? Mike? Mike! I have done an analysis Of the dam's structural design and calculated The optimum blast point. The truck will reach optimum target location In 47 seconds. Yeah,that's about right. Kitt,you need to stop this truck. Commencing override protocol on the remote control. Billy,I got three wires going to the detonator. White,yellow,and blue. Need a little help here. - You can't be serious.  - Billy,now! This is serious. Okay,this doesn't make any sense. Black is usually the ground. That's the one you gotta cut. - Is there a black line?  - No! There's no black,come on. Michael, Optimal blast site in 15 seconds. You're gonna have to go with your gut,man. My guts are about to be all over the damn road,Billy. Take a breath and tell me what to do. How much time do I have? Less than ten seconds. Oh,god. - Red.  - White. - Red.  - White. - Red.  - White. - White.  - White. It's white. - Go with white.  - White. The weapon is disarmed. Whoo! Remote control override complete. I will stop the vehicle. Please hang on tightly,Michael. Are you all right,Michael? Yeah. I guess I can take riding a one megaton bomb off my bucket list. Looks like they scrambled the entire Phoenix police department. Mike,we found this. A gold shipment downtown is being moved to the federal reserve this afternoon,a value of over $250 million. You wanna know what Cooperton's doing with a bunch of extremists? He's using them. The bomb was a decoy. It's a gold heist. All right,gentlemen,let's do it. If Cooperton and Moss are successful, they will have committed the biggest gold heist in U.S. history. Thanks,kitt. no pressure or anything. Hey,Cooperton,looks like it's your army versus mine. Give it up. Looks like the revolution's over. Well,you're wrong about that. The revolution's just begun. You really should stand down,son. You're outgunned here. Funny,I was about to say the same thing about you. Kitt, show them your dance moves. What the hell is that? That's my ride. On my command! You really shouldn't have done that. clear! Whoa. police! Put your weapons down! Get on the ground now! All right,all right. Don't move,don't move! Let me see your hands. On your knees! On the ground! Clear! Don't you move! Hands on your head. On your head! I'm gonna have to get one of those. Drop me a line from the joint. I'll send you a brochure. oh. How's the ankle? It's going to need some attention. You're one hell of an operative. I couldn't have done it without you. Somehow I doubt that. Guess you can put your Cooperton file to bed, get home,back to your life. Yeah,it's been a while. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't come along. You've been practicing. I'm gonna go back out there and kick that guy's butt. Yeah,you could do that. Or you could take me out for a drink. really? You are just so cute. Yes, - you can buy me a drink.  - All right. Someday. Some... Sarah,are you staying in the pod tonight? Yeah,I'm a little tired. It's been a long few days. I'll drive home in the morning. I thought it was customary to mark the day of one's birth with celebration among family and friends. Yeah,it's customary. I'm just not into it. Happy birthday,Sarah. Thank you,Kitt. Sarah,I think there is something you should hear. I'd love to take this further,but... Is there someone else? It's complicated. Wow,that guy is hard to track. Hey,Sarah,I need you in the SSC. Yeah,be right there. Mike? Lights. Happy birthday,Sarah. Oh,my god,I don't believe it. Thanks for saving my life... again. This is really wonderful. I told you I was taking you out. Wanna go for a ride in my car?