Bio-sensing matrix indicates you are still fatigue From our previous assignment. You need a bio-sensing matrix to figure that out? If you like, I could display the files inside the car. That's okay. I like it out here. Morning soon. Will you have enough time to fully prepare? Kitt, I can handle it. But you do remember that tomorrow night is-- Yeah, I know. Will Sarah not be upset? Probably. I have confirmed the item's location. Putting it on-screen now. That's our boy. Stay on him. Where's dr. Graiman? D.C. What for? Hmm. Oh, that's right. He didn't tell me. Billy. Did Sarah go too? Sarah's out picking up her dress. Right. Today's the-- uh-huh. Oh, man, she is gonna be-- oh, yeah. Guys! This man couriered stolen nsa intelligence to north korea, Smuggled Ali Atwa out of afghanistan, Delivered weapons to african rebels. This is our chance to grab him. Focus. He's on the move, right on schedule. Item's down. Stay with the item. I'm on the courier. Guys, we got company. Any idea who they are? They must be with another agency. If they grab the courier or the item, We're dead in the water. Kitt, can you access the radio frequency? I will attempt to locate it. Mike, be advised the mission may be compromised. Copy that. Keep me posted. Five bucks we're screwed. You're so on. Item is mobile. Uh-oh, he made me. He's trying to evade. Don't lose him. Detain him now if you have to. I have located the frequency, patching it through now. I lost him. Repeat, I have lost contact. So have we. Wherever that door Leads, there are no cameras. Looks like mama's about to get paid. I'm moving in. We can't lose them both. You with the briefcase, Stop right there, on the ground now. Drop the case. Okay, okay, just don't shoot. Some guy paid me 300 bucks To take it to the far side of the mall And Leave it there. What? What is it? This whole thing was a misdirect. Are you gonna tell my parents? Get up. Oh, that smells like victory. Mike, proceed as planned. Find out who they were. Everything all right? Paid well for my services, And with me, you get what you pay for. Get up. You don't want to do this. It's already done. Hands behind your back. What the hell? Hold on, Michael. Michael, are you all right? Yeah. I just hate these masks. I can't see a damn thing. May I discard my disguise as well? Just be careful. The last thing we need is camera-phone footage Of you transforming on youtube. Yeah, that... Does not get old. I've contacted the Ssc And informed them of our imminent return. They are standing by to initiate duplication. Duplication? Don't talk to me, criminal. Chamber doors closing. He almost got the drop on you. Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades. Any idea who crashed our party? Homeland security. We're debriefing them right now. If you want to throw them a bone. We know you have another job today. We need to know the details. Not happening. Read this. Not happening. Ooh, I love this part. Michael, Last time the subject regurgitated All over my console. Yeah, and I got stuck cleaning it up. Last chance. What are you gonna do? Kitt, auto restraints. Hit it. Occupant restraint system activated. May i? Thank you. Hey, what are you doing? All right, let me out of here. Let me out of here, and I won't come after you. Woah! Okay! I'm gonna hurl. Michael, the subject appears to be moments away From regurgitation. I am so not cleaning it up again. Read it, Or this time I won't tell Kitt to strap you in. "the quick brown fox Jumps over a lazy dog." Got it. Come on. Let's go. There you go. What a relief. The quick brown... Fox... Jumps over a lazy dog. What are those for? You won't talk, so I'm gonna extract the information Directly from your frontal and temporal lobes. Kidding. But I wouldn't squirm if I were you... Or blink. Come to think of it, try not to move at all. Careful. Last time you just about burned the guy's eyes out. I was hungover. Relax, man, I got this. Kitt, I need a time and location for the pickup. Relax, man, I got this. Cute. I heard they gave you another assignment. Sarah, I am so sorry. It's okay. And, uh, I know you didn't want to go by yourself, And I said I'd take you, no, really, it's fine. And she's the last one of your single friends to get married, Which has to be a little upsetting in itself. Mike, honestly, it's okay. Promise. Oh, okay. I thought you'd be mad. Well, national security Should probably take precedence over Lindsay Rickel's wedding. Besides, it doesn't start for another five hours. We could still make it, right? Sure. Pick up the item, identify its contents, drop it off. How hard can that be? Actually, the job involves An infinite number of variables which could result in-- Hey, Kitt, have some faith, huh? You, me, this dress, And a dance-- deal? Whatever you say. Sarah? If the wedding isn't for another five hours, Why are you wearing your dress? Motivation. Yo, criminal. Don't do that. Billy. The pickup is scheduled to take place in 34 minutes And 18 seconds at an industrial warehouse. How far? Estimated travel time, taking into account travel, Distance, weather-- Kitt. 42 minutes, 12 seconds. Let's go. You've worn contacts before, right? I think I can handle it. Way to not incinerate his retina. Kitt will help you sync it up. Cool. Get this done so you can take her to that wedding. You don't ever Stand up a girl in a dress like that. Michael, what did Sarah mean when she said She was wearing her dress for motivation? Kitt, if you don't know, I can't tell you. Son of a-- How do people do this? I am having trouble processing something. Welcome to my world. Sarah asked me to have faith. I'm assuming she was not referring To belief in a higher power. No, she meant you have to think positively. But would thinking realistically Not make more sense? Doesn't mean You throw realism out the window, Just that you hope for the best. So we will hope for the best. Sounds good to me. You almost finished? Yes. Would you say one more sentence, please? I hate contact lenses. It is a perfect match. You have a package for me. This way. You're late. We're on a strict timeline. Let's not waste any more. Could you look into the camera, please? Is the gun really necessary? Oh, let's hope not. Retinal scan approved. Identity confirmed. Could you speak into the microphone, please? The guy with the gun Is pissing me off. As much as deniability Is a wonderful thing, There's a downside to your particular service. And what's that? Trust. Our simple faith that you'll do the job we're paying you to do. I assume that you hired me Because someone told you I was the best. But if you're nervous about my loyalties, Hire someone else. That won't be necessary. What did you just do? That's us guaranteeing your loyalty By poisoning you. You're kidding. Your instructions-- You have approximately three hours Until your central nervous system shuts down. After you've completed the drop, We'll meet, and we'll give you the antidote. Any questions? Yeah, how do I know there's an antidote? Do I strike you as a man who Leaves loose ends? Just do your job. You'll be fine. Kitt, we got a problem. Shall I tell Sarah You will not be attending the wedding, Or should I continue to have faith? Chamber doors open. To drop the item on time, We must Leave in exactly four minutes and 32 seconds. Document everything. Leave it exactly as you found it. How are you feeling? Like I ate bad sushi. You got anything on the poison? We linked up with Kitt. It's being analyzed as we speak. In the meantime, take this. It's a general inhibitor. It should buy you some time. Oh, no way! It's a pass to tech for tomorrow. Hold on. I'm dying because of what? It's a symposium where tech's greatest minds Discuss the new technology Their companies are working on-- The most promising r&d. You don't talk like that in front of girls, do you? What else? Looks like a coat-check ticket. You think maybe it's encoded or fixed with a gps? Uh, no, I think it's a coat-check ticket. Foreign-substance analysis complete. According to this, We're not dealing with one poison, But a combination of toxins-- Most predominantly hyoscine, Which acts as a hallucinogen and truth serum. Truth serum. You ever fantasize about Sarah in a catholic schoolgirl outfit? No. Hmm, clearly not working yet. I'll start on an antidote. We'll take a team to the rendezvous location The assailants gave you. Once you've dropped the item and i.D.'d the recipient, We will take down the bad guys and retrieve your antidote. If there is one. I've hidden a homing beacon inside So you can track the case. After you drop the item, You must obtain a photo i.D. Of the recipient. You hear me? Yeah, i.D. Recipient-- got it. Based on your initial blood sample, I have calculated the estimated time Before the poison ends your life. Shall I put it on-screen? The countdown to my death... Sounds like fun. Kitt, you got it? Yes, I have also just finished analyzing The most recent blood sample. You will be dead in two hours And 12 minutes. Wow, don't sugarcoat it or anything. Michael, can you hear me? Yeah, I'm here. That the item is moving. Which direction? It is headed southwest. Which way is southwest? To your left. I got her. Moving in to acquire photo i.D. Kitt. I'm headed towards you now. Recipient is a very reckless driver. We'll be sure to charge her with that too. How's it going? I approached too quickly, was seen, got distracted, And she took my picture before I could take hers. The truth serum side effects of the poison I mean, fine-- it's going fine. Have taken effect. Of the road ahead is picking up an obstruction. What kind of obstruction? It is a semitruck. The recipient may be unable to avoid a collision. What do you mean may be? Give me numbers. Chances of a collision... 100%. I am patching through agent Rivai. Tell me something good, Carrie. Our team just breached the location. Nobody's there, Mike. Probably never planned on showing up. You need to bring in the recipient for questioning. He's our only link to tracking down the antidote. It's not a he, it's a she, And bringing her in for questioning Is gonna be a problem. Why's that? She's dead. Wow, Mike, you don't look so good. Did you know that Billy calls you "the asian sensation" Behind your back? Dude. Can you pretend I didn't just say that? Truth serum is fun. What do we have? Uh, Mike pulled this gun out of the wreckage, Along with a laptop, which Kitt's examining. The gun is synthetic-- uh, plastic and rubber With porcelain bullets. A weapon you could get through a metal detector. Show-off. I'm sorry. This thing is specially made. Coupled with the v.I.P. Pass, I'm guessing... Mike and Kitt killed an assassin without identifying a target Or who's behind it. Passive-aggressive much? What did you say to me? I don't know. Can the poisoned guy get a break here? Guys, how do we fix this? The next logical step is to assassinate the target. Is it just me, or does going to tech for tomorrow And assassinating someone in broad daylight Sound like a bad idea? I vote bad idea. According to deleted e-mails I have recovered From the assassin's laptop, Once the target's death is confirmed, $10 million will be deposited into her bank account. Using the laptop, I can trace that deposit, Leading us to the people who poisoned Michael. It'll have to look legit, Which means that we can't do much to help you, Mike. Use the mask from the exchange So Michael Knight isn't identified as the shooter. I can engineer paint pellets for the gun, So, you know, you won't actually have to kill anybody. You guys are worrying about the wrong thing. The assassination's not gonna be the hard part, It's getting out afterward that might get me killed. Hello, Sarah. Michael's settings are active. I got it. You're really going through with this? You find an antidote? Then I guess I am. Thanks. Mike? Mike! Oh! Mike! Oh, g-- Mike! Yeah? Yeah, I'm all right. You're not all right. You are so beautiful. Have I told you that recently? Oh, god. No, and you wouldn't if it weren't for the hyoscine. Maybe, but it's still the truth. How Long till I die? Countdown at one hour, 17 minutes, six seconds. You're all set to go. Good luck, Mike. Initiating launch prep. Occupant restraint system active. Chamber doors open. Launch prep activated. Hangar door open. Do you have any metal in your pockets? No. No, I do not. Turn around, sir. Okay, turn back around. It's just my belt buckle. Your purse. I'm a poisoned government operative Working for a highly classified organization, And this purse is a part of my mission. Okay. Great, more contact lenses. What is their function? You'll know as soon as I do, Kitt. I can barely do this without the mask. I've got to lose it. Without the mask, Michael Knight May be identified as the shooter. With the mask, there won't be a shooting at all. The lenses are a tracking system. If they are operational, May I suggest you get moving, As your vital signs are destabilizing. These things are a one-way ticket To an epileptic seizure. Your heartbeat is accelerating. Michael, do you have a target yet? Kitt, I think I'm losing it. It is essential To your survival That you calm yourself and complete this task. I'm trying. Do or do not. There is no try. Are you quoting movie lines now? I'm attempting to keep you focused On the task at hand, Michael. I can't handle much more of this. Thank you so much. Well, as I said, we do have a working prototype, But I'm not at liberty to say When it will be available to the general public. But believe me, rest assured, When it is, you'll be hearing a lot abouout it. It's Darian Richards. Darian Richards is the visionary founder And ceo of innovative technologies. Forbes lists him as the 34th wealthiest man In america. He is married, with five children. It would be better to wait to assassinate Richards Until he exits the convention center. I can't wait any Longer. In that case, I have escape routes plotted. I am repositioning Zoe and agent Rivai. Kitt, You're the best soldier I've ever known. Thank you, Michael. And so, everybody, thanks so much for coming. And have a terrific afternoon. Police officers are approaching you from all sides. Help is coming. Just hang in there. Fbi, give us some room. Stay down, mr. Richards. You're gonna be just fine. It's Rivai. Kitt, where am I going? Continue through the Kitchen. Do not use the exit doors. Continue along this hallway. By stopping, you are allowing the authorities To reach you. Two officers will emerge from around the corner In eight seconds. In your current condition, it is not wise To engage in a physical confrontation. Too late. Kitt, please tell me that's you. Yes, Michael, it is i. Your display of affection is appreciated, But unnecessary. Your reaction time has improved. I think the adrenaline's helping. Reverse. Commencing reverse motion. They are setting a perimeter around the building. If they search us, we're done. I got this. Attention, all units. Suspect spotted two blocks west of the convention center. Please be advised And approach with caution. Good job, Kitt. Your vital signs are reaching critical levels. Did you erase the security-camera footage? Yes, all evidence of you has been deleted. My research into Darian Richards has discovered An offshore company that has been short selling Large chunks of innovative stock. Pretend I skipped business school. Short selling is when an investor hopes to gain From the expected decline in the price of a stock. As founder and ceo of innovative, Richards' death would cause the stock to plummet, Making the owner of the shorted shares Instantly rich. Find out who's shorting the shares. I am running a trace now. We have just received a confirmed report That Darian Richards, Billionaire scientist and the genius Behind innovative technology, Has been shot to death while giving a speech At the tech for tomorrow symposium. The fake story is working. It's all over the news. You okay? Well, I'm not dead or arrested, if that's what you mean. You need to find these men, Mike. $10 million has just been transferred Into the assassin's bank account. I got to go. You tell him there's no antidote? I'm guessing he already knows. Don't worry. He'll still finish your mission. Oh, I know he will, Sarah. That's why we chose him. You're going to let him die? Go help him. He'll find them. He's a closer. That's what he does. Take what you have and go help him. I have traced the funds deposited Into the assassin's bank account. The transfer originated From an offshore account Connected to the same company shorting innovative stock, All owned by Walton Axe. He is currently under investigation By the fbi and s.E.C. His profile fits that of the man We are looking for. That's him. That's the guy who poisoned me. Walton Axe uses A registered cell phone. I am currently hacking multiple satellites And phone towers To pinpoint its gps signal. Kitt, get me Carrie. We have a line on our guy. Once Kitt gets a fix, I'll have him relay it to you. How's Richards? Considering the circumstances, I'd say he's handling it pretty well. You know, if I'd known you were gonna use so much fake blood, I'd have worn a less expensive shirt. Mmm, it tastes like Cherries. Mike, hang in there. I'll see you soon. I have Axe's phone signal. Relay the signal to Carrie, Plot to intercept. Attack mode. Kitt, get me Sarah. Mike, I'm heading towards you now. We should be at that wedding. What? I should've told Torres to shove this mission. Mike, I'll be with you in a few minutes. Just hold on. I'm so sorry, Sarah. I just-- I want you to know... That I love you. Mike? Hello? Mike? Kitt, do you have Mike? Michael's heart has stopped. He is dead. Kitt, how close are you? Our paths will intersect in approximately four seconds. I will pull over to your side of the road. He is here, Sarah Mike! Kitt, defib. We do not have much time to revive. Mike. Wake up. Kitt, how Long till it recharges? One minute, 38 seconds. That's too Long. I can administer the correct voltage. Now, Sarah. Holy crap, that hurts. His vitals are stable, but will not remain so for Long. Okay. Come on, we got to get you back to the Ssc. Kitt, do you still have Axe? Yes, he is continuing on the same general course. Mike, You just died. This is over. You coming or not? We will intercept Walton Axe's cell phone signal In under three minutes. Mike? Mike?! Kitt, we need adrenaline! I have something that may help. Oh, my god, that's a rush! I have a visual on Axe's signal. On this route, Axe's car Must turn into the parking structure. Why would he do that? He'll have nowhere to go. Don't look ahead. Look up. The helicopter's trajectory Has it landing on the parking structure's roof. If he makes it To that helicopter, I'm dead. The s.U.V. Is ballistic plated, Has run-flat tires, And contains a large weapon. What kind of large weapon? It is 15 calibre machine gun. That is a big gun. The bullets contain an explosive charge. Each hit is doing extensive damage To my nano-skin. Kitt, we need to stop the s.U.V. Without wrecking it. In such tight quarters, It is highly likely our weapons will do lethal damage And almost certainly destroy Any antidote on board. What about the grappling hook? Preparing grappling hook. We cannot sustain another hit. Mike! Kitt, fire the grappling hook! I need to attain the proper angle. Kitt, do it now! Firing grappling hook. Now stop! To protect you from gunfire, The door will open straight out. We need to keep them on the ground. Use your e.M.P. My e.M.P. Has been damaged and is not operational. My sensors indicate other vehicles Are rapidly approaching. Get on the ground! Drop your weapons! Get on the ground! Hands on your head! Get on the ground! Mike! Mike. Hands behind your back. Follow me. Where's the antidote? Right now it's just attempted murder. He dies, you killed a government operative. Sarah! I swear to god, I will kill you right now. Slowly. No! Kitt, I need this analyzed. The only component absent from your mixture Are the "a" antigens. But "a" antigens only help people With type "b" blood, right? Yes, Michael's earlier blood samples showed him to have A.B. Negative blood, Which means we need both "a" and "b" antigens To complete the mixture. I guess you know who else has a.B. Negative blood. Yes, if you give me a blood sample, I can extract the antigens. I really hate these things. That is five milliliters Of "a" and "b" antigens. Is this going to work? Due to the rudimentary nature Of the mixture, its effectiveness Is nearly impossible to calculate, But I have faith. Me too. Come on, Mike, wake up! Mike. You know, you're blocking my sun. Didn't know you were so concerned with your tan. I'm convalescing, Sarah. I need the sun's rejuvenating rays. You're so full of it. Guess the truth serum wore off. I really didn't take advantage of that The way I should have. Still, you did say a few interesting things. Such as? Maybe someday I'll tell you. You should get poisoned more often. May be the only way we're gonna get a day off. Funny, I was considering poisoning myself Right now, actually. Kitt? Yes, Michael? Initiate beer-run program. Michael, my database contains no such program, And it is illegal To have open alcoholic-beverage containers on the beach. I'm joking, Kitt. Your attempt at humor would suggest That you are well on the way to recovery. What do you mean attempt at humor? What the Ssc doesn't know won't hurt them. Better to ask for forgiveness than permission, right? Speaking of, I owe you an apology. We missed Lindsay's wedding. Oh, it's okay. I mean, it's not even so much That I wanted to see Linds get married. It's just... I wanted to feel like we still had normal lives. Getting poisoned with a neurotoxin And saved by a talking car? Not normal? Not so much. Would've been nice to have that dance, though. Well, if a dance is what you want, We can take care of that right here. You are so Cheesy. Come on. Come on. Kitt, music, please. You have a lovely hat. Kitt, where are Mike and Sarah? I have been instructed to inform you That they are completely indisposed And not to be disturbed. Kitt, tell me where they are, Or I'll remove all of your spark plugs. I do not have spark plugs. Kitt. Michael and Sarah are dancing on the beach. Dancing? Yes. Patch me through. Michael, I have Alex Torres for you. It's Torres. It was fun while it lasted. Kitt, put him through. We have a situation. An iranian physicist with intimate knowledge Of their nuclear-weapons program Emigrated to the u.S. Late last night. And as of this morning, he's gone missing. Let's go to work. It's tough saving the world. What do you know about it? I just saved your life. I had that. Right. No, I did. The physicist's last known location Was Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, And his contact's code name is the lamb. You will rendezvous in 20 minutes With agent Revai in the cargo plane.