Isn't captain jack gay? He's not gay, he's bi. Or omnisexual, if you prefer. Save the cheerleader, save the world. Save some for me. Nice pom-poms. Captain jack harkness. You trying to tell us something, billy? What?! No. I-- what are you looking at? Hate to break the news to you, lisa, But you and katie look nothing like the pixar lamp that was just mean I think you guys look great. What-- now you're mocking me. Receiving encrypted message. Encrypted message coming through. Who's it from? Decrypting now. Cia. It's a video message from an operator. It's faint and degraded, like it's being blocked. Reset the frequency. Repeat...Instruction-- can you enhance it? I'm working on it. Zoe, give him a hand. Put it up on all screens. Whoa, this thing is live. Billy, boost the signal. Re--re-- request immediate extraction. Repeat, request immediate extraction. My cover's been blown. Verify this. Looks real. Where is he? Don't have a location. What about a locator beacon? Doesn't appear to be on. Why the hell wouldn't he have it activated? Maybe he can't. Try a remote trigger. Nothing. Zoe, get me the cia. I'm losing the signal. Hang onto it. I'm trying. The cia put me on hold. Code name samhain. What did he say? Code name samhain. Samhain? Cross-check that code name. Let's identify exactly what this is. No match on the code name. Run anagrams. Running anagrams. Crap! Somebody's jamming his signal. The coordinates are-- he's giving coordinates. The coordinates are... Happy halloween. I got all of you. That is awesome! Aren't you going to rip him a new one for that? Actually, I thought it was pretty funny. You need to learn to loosen up, sarah. It's halloween. I gotta loosen up? This from the man that never smiles? I'll see you at the halloween party. And good job on the mission. Nice work. Both of you. Hey, guys, we are gonna try to climb above this storm. See if we can get some smoother air. Code name samhain-- the ancient celtic festival halloween is based on. He got us good. The video message was mike. He just sent us the footage of his setup--look at this. Where is he? He's up in the air vents above the tunnel. What's in his mouth? A relay transponder. So we wouldn't know he actually sent the message from the plane. He's good. The boy loves his halloween. He certainly does. How long have you been planning this? Months. What are you, 12? Michael, I do not understand the immense personal pleasure you find in Frightening your friends you're supposed to scare each other on halloween Nor do I understand the lengths to which you are Willing to go to achieve your goal it's called trick or treat But you did not give them the option of treat. That's because I like trick better. Halloween's his favorite holiday, kitt. It's always been. What is your favorite holiday, sarah? I like fourth of july for the fireworks. And... Thanksgiving for the food. But I love christmas. Because of the presents? I do like getting presents. I have one for you. Do I look stupid? No, Sarah, you do not What? I'm so not opening that. It's probably full of spiders or something. It's a present, sarah. Okay, I'll open it. Happy halloween! Ha ha ha ha ha! It reminded me of trick or treating with you when we were kids. That's why halloween was always my favorite holiday. 'cause you were there. Thank you. You're welcome. Ha ha ha ha ha! Eww! Mike! God... There seems to be no length to which you will not Go for a halloween prank, michael absolutely not Who are you supposed to be? Captain jack harkness. The time-traveling bisexual? The one and only. You look nothing like him. Can you give me a hand? Not a big fan of severed limbs. It's for the halloween party. I'm gonna get mike this year. Payback? Oh, it's a long time coming. When he was in high school, he took my car apart piece by piece, And then put it back together on the roof Of my lab I had to hire a crane to lift it of I'm gonna get him this year. Come on, zoe, let's make our rounds and then we will hit the party. Wait, you forgot your appendage. I hate flying in bad weather. Look, kitt. Somebody's scared. Hey, kitt, have you decided on a halloween costume for the party? Yes, sarah. Do you think anyone will recognize me? I think you look great, kitt. Yeah, that's a-- that's an awesome costume. Personally, I would have went more for a vampire look. You do know, michael, that there is no such creature as a vampire. You never met any of the girls he's dated. Are you implying that michael has dated bloodsuckers? Be nice, sarah. Let's just say that mike doesn't always make the best choice. But at one point, his choice was you, sarah. I believe I have said something that made both of you very uncomfortable. No. Not at all. It has caused your hormone levels to rise dramatically. Kitt... Once again I am detecting a release of pheromones. Kitt, you've gotta stop doing that. Doing what, michael? The invasion of privacy... Kitt. I cannot understand why you two cannot get it together. This room's unlocked. Good one, dr. Graiman. This part of your plan to get mike? No, wait, I didn't have anything to do with this. Mike Very funny, mike. What? Dead tech in the mainframe room. Dead tech. What are you talking about? That's awesome. How long can you go without blinking? Come on, blink. I won't tell. Come on Whoa, that dude's really dead! Oh, nice one, doc. You almost had me. I don't think this is a halloween prank. What, you're in on this too? Somebody accessed the mainframe. This is great. See, k kt, this is what halloween is all about. Get carrie. We have an internal breach! Michael, I do not believe this is a halloween prank. Dr. Graiman appears to be truly frightened. The mainframe has been compromised. An internal breach means-- I know what an internal breach means, kitt. Dad. Zoe! Kitt, get the chatline back up! I am unable. What just happened? Three shots were fired at dr. Graiman and zoe. The probability of a fatal hit from that range is 97%. Emergency lockdown. All personnel, please remain at your workstation. External communications suspended. Repeat external communications suspended. Emergency lockdown. All personnel, please remain at your workstation until futher notice We have three people down. At least three shots were fired. Kitt, what's happening? The entire complex has gone into emergency lockdown, initiated by agent Rivai, who is following fbi protocol for a situation such as thi The suspect is armed and dangerous and trapped within the comple Approach with extreme caution. Apprehend with extreme prejudice. Try re-establishing contact. There is no communication into or out of the complex, sarah. Sorry about that air pocket. It looks like we weren't able to climb above the storm. I'm gonna need you to strap yourselves in. External communications suspended. Check zoe. You got it. What the hell is going on?! Internal breach. Mainframe's been infiltrated. Dr. Graiman and zoe are both, uh, down, and there's a shooter with a gun Somewhere in the complex run a security Check on all entry points in the last 24 hour What am I looking for? Any anomaly of any kind, no matter how small. Pull up surveillance footage from in and around the Location of the breach we've gotta find this shooter...Now Kitt, we need to know what's happening. I am sorry, michael, but protocol dictates communication silence. Can you override protocol? I cannot. What are you doing? Michael, sarah must remain secure in her seat. The odds are extremely high that she will be Injured in a storm of this magnitude. I know, kitt sarah Michael, the likelihood of one or both of you Being injured has just increased what are you doing Try and override the protocol. Overriding the protocol is not possible. It is if you've built in a back door. Sarah, a back door is a secret means of access, And implies that you deceived other Members of the team kitt, stop your slide Gravity is controlling my slide, michael, not me. Kitt, do something now! What part of now didn't you understand? If I had just fired "now," as you suggested, I would have ripped a hole Through the fuselage I h d to calculate the area with the greatest Tensile strength so as not to damage the structural Integrity of the aircraft next time, calculate fast Were you injured? No. Then my calculations were fast enough. The storm is a lot bigger than we thought. Please keep yourselves strapped in until we get through it. It all happened so fast. I dove to the floor right before the gunshots. I think I knocked dr. Graiman down and he hit his head. This is billy. Billy, pull up all the surveillance footage from In and around the crime scene already working on it There's nothing unusual at any of the entry points in the last 24 hours. Expand the entry search to the last 48 hours. All our weapons are accounted for. They had to get that weapon in here somehow. This is impossible. There's no shooter. No dr. Graiman and no zoe. Who don't you trust you need to give yourself a back door? All good programmers give themselves a back door. Is there a back door in me, sarah? There's nothing in the room. No fingerprints. Mainframe access identification has been wiped. Even the memory of the code key at the door has been erased. What do you got on surveillance? We got nothin'. Somebody programmed a loop to slow us down. The cameras were disabled. What about outside the room? The cameras outside were disabled as well. Where's the nearest camera? Main corridor. Hundreds of people. It would take hours to get through playback. You got a better idea? Pull an audio fingerprint from the mainframe room. Recreate the conversation. Yes. You can do that? As long as there was a conversation. And chances are the victim didn't go quietly. Do it. You have not answered my question. Is there a back door in my programming? Don't look at me. There probably is, kitt. Why? You know, I still think you would look better as a vampire, kitt. You know, big fangs, a cape. Michael, why are you helping sarah avoid my question? 'cause sarah doesn't want to answer your question, kitt. Are you okay? What was that? I think you hurt kitt's feelings. He doesn't have feelings. You should talk to him. I'm a littleleusy. Sarah Kitt... I don't know why my father would have built a back door into you. But if he did, there's a good reason. What reason would that be? Why don't you help me re-establish contact with the Ssc, and then we can ask him thank you. We'll be outside You okay? Kitt's self-destruct program has been activated from the mainframe. What self-destruct program? The one I uploaded. You had no right to build a self-destruct-- I had every Right! I had no choice I will not have another karr on my hands Who activated it? I don't know. Whoever it was in that room that shot at us. How much time do we have? Less than 30 minutes. We gotta get that plane down or sarah and mike are dead. They're over the ocean, a thousand miles from land. Just turn off the self-destruct. I can't. - how were you able to make contact in the middle of A lockdown sarah programmed a back door into the system Like father, like daughter. Okay, mike, listen up. Kitt's self-destruct program has been activated. You've got less than 30 minutes. Self-destruct program? What self-destruct program? I'll explain later. Sarah, use my password to enter kitt's system. If sarah can get into the system, she can shut it off, right? No, only the person that activated the self-destruct can de-activate it By a digital hand scan which means the only Way for us to stop it now is to find the shoote Well, you guys are in the middle of a lockdown. And we don't know who we're looking for. No one saw anything. There's over 1,700 people working in this complex. Which means the killer could be anywhere. Or anyone. So what happens when kitt self-destructs? He explodes. Yeah, that's what I thought. Kitt, activate touch-screen keyboard. Activating keyboard. Self-destruct sequence in 20 minutes and counting. Why is there always a ticking clock? The ssc can't help us. We're on our own. Why does your father wish to destroy me, sarah? He doesn't, kitt. Then why would he program a self-destruct sequence into me without my Knowledge? I'm sure he had a reason although I am not capable of emotions, I cannot help but feel that I have been Betrayed first, you have to separate the sound wav The brighter the color, the stronger the sound. In most cases, the stronger sound waves are the most recent. Except the gunshots. Those are the red waves. Now, because the gunshots are so easily identified, I'm using them as my Starting point now, I've isolated all the Sounds after the shooting-- they're in gree Those are you, the security team, and the emts as you enter the room. Dr. Graiman is purple. Zoe is yellow, because that's her favorite color. Did I just say that out loud? Go on, billy. Uh, once I capture and digitize the sound waves, The conversation can be reconfigured Like this somebody accessed the mainfram Get carrie. We have an internal breach! The mainframe has been compromised. So what I do now is eliminate what I've identified. You, the security team, dr. Graiman, the emts, zoe, gunshots. And what you see is everything that's left from the time the door Lock was first opened until zoe and dr. Graiman enter now I separate these One we know is the dead tech, and the other is gonna take A little longer to figure out can't we just listen to it Uh, taking a sound as a pattern is easy. Translating that pattern back into a sound is... Very difficult. Unless you have an existing match. And this could be any one of over 1,700 people in the complex. Kitt, we have to figure out how to shut down this program. There is no way to shut it down. Your father's self-destruct program is foolproof. There has to be something we can do. There is one thing. What's that? Remove me from the plane. What? I must be removed from the plane so that you and sarah are not killed. Oh, that's not gonna happen, kitt, Sarah will figure out a way to stop this thing right, sarah Sarah? I can't stop it. If we can identify the shooter as male of female, that will cut your Voice-recognition time in half, right yeah, But we haven't got a visual on the shoote The med techs just completed an autopsy. Virtual forensics hologram now active. Virtual bullet reconstruction. Acute angle for the bullet. Wide pattern for the gsr. So the killer's gotta be under 5'5", and be able to get close. No defensive wounds, either, which would suggest that the killer knew the Victim we were able to pull enough bullet fragments To do a virtual reconstruction see if you can pull print Who was he? The victim? Bobby maccrory, lab tech. Been here seven months. Seven months? Man, I gotta start going to those company mixers. This is interesting. You got a print? No, there's a human fiber on the bullet. Obviously from the victim. I'm thinking not. Why? Because it doesn't contain a "y" chromosome. It's female dna. That doesn't mean the shooter's female, just that a female touched the Bullet no, but coupled with the height and the lack of struggle, I'm guessing we're looking for a woman what if you guess wron With the time we have, that's a risk I'm willing to take. Narrow your search to females. Dr. Graiman, if we don't stop kitt's self-destruct... I know, zoe. Can't we just download his files? His shell's expendable. Sarah, we'll download kitt back to the ssc, then jettison his shell. Dad, we'll only be able to download his Files, not his neural network or thought process Okay, what does that mean? It means we will only be downloading my data, michael. Not my being, or the essence of who I am. My memories will be reduced to raw data with no Significance or attachment so we're giving kitt a lobotomy Kitt, I can upload your files into the backup neural network. The backup network is not me. It's the only way I can save you, kitt. Then I would rather not be saved, dr. Graiman. And I must confess, I am not pleased with your deception. I had no choice, and I'm sorry, but-- I am sorry, dr. Graiman. I cannot allow you to download my files. I will do everything I can to protect you, kitt. It's okay, kitt. Sarah and I will take care of you. I promise. I trust you, michael. I will unlock my files. Sarah, you may begin the download. Look at this. They're starting to have panic on some of the other floors. If we're right about the shooter being a woman, I have the voice print. That's a female voice but it's not saying much. Nothing pers-- just in the wrwrg-- wrong time. This is a mistake. The voice print is 99.9% accurate. Do I look 5'5" to you? Actually, I recalculated the bullet's entry angle. The shooter is not under 5'5". They're crouching and at least 5'10". I'm sorry, carrie... But I'm gonna need your weapon. Zoe, get security. Whoa, wait a minute! Security to the ssc... Carrie, please... Your weapon. Agent rivai! Hey, hey! Hold on a second, Alex! Wait, maybe I made a mistake with the audio print. Carrie, you don't want to do this. Move your hand away from your weapon. Alex... It's all right. He's just following protocol. I would do the same. Confine her to a pod room. Two guards posted outside at all times. Is that really necessary? Alex, you can't seriously believe she has anything to do with this. We have her on surveillance exiting the chamber right before the murder. Time codes match. Look, she was making her rounds. She makes her rounds at this time every night. But she makes her rounds alone. Check playback. Cross-check the time codes. Carrie does make her rounds at the same time every night. A perfect alibi. What? She shot at me. You too, dr. Graiman. She could've killed us. Just like the tech. We don't know it was her. We don't know it wasn't. Check tonight's playback. It's another loop. Are you sure? Yeah, yeah. The same tech guy keeps walking past. Check playback for the rest of the floor. Cross-checking. All playback for this floor is gone. What do you mean, gone? Gone. It's--it's been wiped. There's no way carrie's a killer. Who better to misdirect an investigation than the person leading it? Not possible. Not carrie. Deception does seem to be the theme of the day, michael. Starting with sarah and dr. Graiman. Is it possible everyone is playing an elaborate halloween prank on you? I wish they were. Mike... I think we might be able to de-activate kitt's self-destruct manually. How? Old-school mechanics. Basically, my father created what amounts to an internal bomb using Kitt's operating system his processor acts as the trigger, And his propulsion system the incendiary Device we pull out his propulsion system You meme drop the engine. Sort of. Sarah, defusing my self-destruct manually will take a team of highly Trained mechanics exactly 11 minutes, 17 seconds at maximum efficiency which would leave you 47 seconds shor I can't believe you'd think carrie had anything to do with this. The voice print doesn't lie. And as head of security, she had access to the entire surveillance system. All right, we're going to use billy's audio print to Track carrie's movements now, there's no way she's the shooter Somebody's setting her up, and we're gonna find out who and why. Michael, what is it like to not remember? Sarah and I will help you remember who you were, kitt. Thank you, michael. But I am afraid I will no longer be me once my data is uploaded To the backup neural network the backup is not me. It is a replica I promised we'll take care of you, kitt. If you don't mind, I'd like to replay some of my favorite Memories, just in case kitt, when did you start using contractions I didn't realize I was, sarah. Kitt? Yes, michael? Initiate beer run program. Michael, my database contains no such program. And it is illegal to have open alcoholic beverage containers on the beach. Kitt, roll down your windows. Mike? Ha ha ha ha. Aah! Aah! Dude! Happy birthday, sarah. All your favorite memories are of us. Yes, michael, they are. Every cowboy needs a sidekick. I would not sell yourself short, michael. You are much more than a horse. Hey, sense of humor. That's new. So is friendship. It's got carrie in the record. Any idea when? It appears as if the sound waves are the same Strength as the mainframe room what are you doing Reversing the voice print. A person can't be in two places at the same time. They're exactly the same strength, which means one of 'em is a fake. Run a side-by-side comparison. It's carrie's voice, but it's a manufactured version. It had to have been faked using samples, and then pieced back together With very sophisticated software so if Carrie was in here, who was in the mainframe roo Well, whoever it was knows everything about us. Every procedure, every protocol. Fire emergency. Oh, great. That's all we need, a fire in the middle of a lockdown With a killer on the loose I'll bet the killer started it We have a fire. Where? Carrie's pod room. Get fire control on it now. Fire control to pod room, stat. Torres. Alex, listen to me. Carrie is not the shooter. The killer is still on the loose. I think whoever they were started the fire so you would cancel the Lockdown and open the doors if that fire Spreads, we have to open the exits, or we're all dea I don't care if this whole place goes down in flames-- nobody goes in Or out until we find out exactly what's going on here what's going on What's going on We thought there was a fire. The alarm went off, and the computer identified your Pod room as the source I believe I have discovered why dr Graiman uploaded the self destroy to me dr Graiman is concerned that I may develop the ability to self-program Kitt, self-programming's not possible. It was possible in my original prototype. What prototype? I thought you were one of a kind. Yeah, kitt, what are you talking about? I am talking about karr, sarah. There's another mustang out there, and it's named car? Not c-a-r, michael. K-a-r-r. Knight auto-cybernetic roving robotic-exoskeleton. And he was not a mustang. He was a cybernetic exoskeleton programmed for self-preservation. A killer robot. By the time he was decommissioned, he was more cyborg than robot. You wouldn't happen to have a picture of this thing, would you? And I thought you were cool, kitt. Carrie, can you u ace your hand on this tablet? Why? If you're the shooter, you'll stop kitt's self-destruct. Access denied. You were set up. Why? We don't know. But we'll find out. Give her back her weapon. Kitt, what else can you tell me about karr? I have given you all the information that I have access to. So you're saying there's information about karr you don't have access to? I believe there is much about karr to which I don't have access. We don't have much time. Mike? Mike?! There's something about this thing, sarah. What? I don't know, it's like deja vu, but... I feel like I know k kr somehow. There is no fire. Someone's setting off false alarms randomly throughout the Complex. They're screwing with us her voice was faked using samples She's the head of security. Oh, man. It's a misdirect. Carrie... I would have done the same. There's no audio print of the shooter leaving the room. What are you talking about? The sound waves should have drifted if someone left the room. Instead, it's like the shooter disappeared inside the room. They're still there. That's why we haven't found them. Mike, carrie was set up. Then the whole murder and break-in was just a cover-up for something else. What is it making us do? Stop the download. Why? Everything that's happening in the ssc is a Diversion so that we'll download kitt stop the download It's too late. His files are gone. Clear. Clear. Check for false doors and walls. Nothing. Alex Oh, my god! She knocked me out. This is billy. Billy, listen carefully. Zoe is not zoe. What are you talking about? Listen, she's not zoe. She's an imposter. You're not zoe, are you? Not even close. I knew zoe would never kiss me. Can we just cut a wire like in the movies? You know, red or blue. It's not that simple. Then we're running out of time. I'm gonna have to dump kitt out of the plane. Come on, mike, we can do this. Michael's right, sarah. You must jettison me from the aircraft. Cancel the lockdown and open the exit doors. I'm afraid I can't do that. Then I'm going to kill you. I'll see what I can do. She set off the self-destruct so we'd download kitt. She's after his files. You all right? Mm-hmm. Emergency lockdown override. She's got billy. Where are they going? Chamber doors opening The entry tunnel. Why would billy lead her out through the tunnel? All right! Open the next one. Now! Ow. Faster. You know, in some ways you're a lot like the real zoe. Fbi, freeze! Do not open those doors, billy! She gets into that tunnel, it's a clear shot to the outside. We have no idea who's out there waiting for her. Uh, I'm not real comfortable with this, guys. Drop your weapon! Sarah, we're running out of time. You must allow michael to jettison me before it's too late. Drop your weapon! There's no way out! Take another step, and I'll kill him. You shoot him, I'll drop you like a bad habit. Someone tell me this is some sort of halloween prank. Please? He's losing it. No, he's not. He's a genius. He's telling us exactly how to stop her. Zoe! You're gonna reach out to the control panel and close the Door at the opposite end of the tunnel billy, don't do it If I move, they're gonna shoot. If you don't, I'm going to. Okay. We're out of time. No! Mike! Sarah, please listen to michael. I'm moving closer. Billy... I'm almost there. Come on, move it! I can't believe you thought she was me. I didn't really... Think it was you. Michael, the cargo door has malfunctioned. The window to jettison me has passed. I have informed the pilot and co-pilot. They are ready to evac on your mark. Don't worry, sarah. With michael's exceptional skills, you have a better Than 50% chance of survival I'm not worried about us, kitt I'm worried about you. We gotta go. Kitt, tell the pilot and co-pilot to evac now. 20  19  18  17  16  15  14  13  12... Give me your right hand! Hold still, or I will cut it off at the rest! 7  6  5  4... Access granted. Self-destruct aborted. Michael, my self-destruct has been aborted. Kitt, are you sure? Yes, michael, I'm sure. Who do you work for? Maybe you should ask yourself the same question. No, no! She's dead. Decontamination complete. Chamber door is opening. We have dna confirmation. Her name was teri lee. She underwent facial reconstruction and altered her voice to Assume zoe's identity how did she know so much about this project I don't know. It's in washington's hands now. Security's been doubled. Every password and code has been changed and re-encrypted. Every employee will be re-screened. This will never happen again. Alex, there are only three neural networks that support kitt's files. Kitt, the backup, and karr. Karr wasn't decommissioned. He's still out there. You don't know that. There's no other explanation. And if this woman had succeeded in putting kitt's brain into karr's body, She would have had the ultimate weapon karr killed seven people, charles There's no way they'd keep him around. I hope you're right. Well, this has been the craziest halloween ever. And I've had some crazy ones. Try having someone dress up as you for halloween. Try having everyone think you're a killer. Try almost blowing up. And we have a winner! I don't feel much like a party. Me neither. How do I know you're you? Maybe a little...Kiss? Okay.