And a history of violence. Use your contact to get close to them. We have to figure out How they're smuggling U.s. Military technology Overseas And who their contact is. Who don't you just Take 'em down and sweat them? If we move in now, We'll spook their supplier. See what you can find, But don't provoke them. Re the boss. # Dogs howling at the moon # # Holding out for pain # # Waiting for the day They'll leave their towns # # and make their names # # Make one more detour Recommend # # Hard times in the hearts of young men # Kitt, can you get a visual? Accessing surveillance cameras. # But nobody cares # Do you see The Chang brothers? activating facial recognition. Neither Johnny or Ian chang are in the establishment. Watch my back. Our intel says this is Their favorite watering hole. Heads up! Oh. You look pretty good For a dead man. You should know better Than to believe rumors. Ain't that the truth. Surprised to see you. Last time I talked to you, You were heading back To Iraq. I'm done with the army. Or I guess you could say The army is done with me. I'm racing again. Heard there's money To be made out here If you can drive fast. There is. But getting another crew Could be hard. I'm sure I could Hook you up, though. All right? Michael, there is still no sign of the chang brothers. But Ian Chang's girlfriend Celine Lea is here. She is the auburn-haired woman by the jukebox. What do you say? Ready to concentrate on something else? Oh, man, ain't you tired Of losing? Call it. Heads. Her. Celine the ice queen? No, man, she's taken. Pick somebody else. - When has that Ever mattered?  - Never! Kitt, change of plans. We're gonna get Acquainted with the changs From a different angle. Tell me everything you can About Ian's girlfriend. Celine Lea, 5'5", birthday october 10, graduated corona high with a 3.9 gpa. According to her webbook profile, things that make her hot are bad boys, fast cars, and the poetry of Pablo Neruda. I'm Mike. I'm not interested. Oh, neither am I. I'm just trying to win a bet. See, my friend over there Says that you're hot But superficial. I say there's more To you than that. I'm guessing you're a libra. What are you, A psychic or a stalker? I'm just observant. You're all about balance, But not afraid To take chances. You're not like Most guys around here. That's because I'm not from around here. I'm here to race. Michael, Johnny and Ian chang have entered. They do not appear pleased that you are talking with celine. You know, I can read Your mind too. And I know exactly What you're thinking. And the answer is Relax, bro, we were Just talking. Do I like you? 'cause only people I like get to call me bro. - Okay, then how about I buy you a beer?  - Right. Maybe we'll become buds. Take fishing trips together. Maybe I'll just Kick your ass. No fighting tonight. Let's take this outside. I got a better idea. Let's race. We only race for pinks. Mikey, Forget these dudes, man. They're not worth it. Walk away. I got this. Okay. Let's go. watch the bar. That's my ride. What do you got? A mustang. I'm scared. You should be. The only rule is That there are no rules. One loop around the canyon. First one back wins pink. Make it look good. We blow 'em away, They might get suspicious. May I remind you, I am legal property of knight industries. you have no authority to sell or assign my title Should you lose. I don't intend to lose. Michael, Alex Torres is trying to contact you. What part of "don't provoke the changs" Do you not understand? you're supposed to be infiltrating their crew, not betting a piece of classified technology in a street race. The only thing these guys Respect is speed. I gotta earn Some street cred If I'm gonna get in With the big dog. the big dog? I was unaware there were canines involved. No, I'm talking About pecking order. The alpha male, The leader of the pack. that seems a dated concept. Is not the goal of modern society to foster equality? Maybe in theory. But in reality, if you're Not the shark, you're food. Kitt, I said to make it Look good, not let him win. What's he got under there, A jet engine? Actually, quite close, Michael. His nitrous system is replicating a modified ramjet. Michael, there is an oncoming car, and you are in the wrong lane. Michael, would you like me to drive? Kitt, we gotta get back in the race. Our delay was significant enough to allow Ian an opportunity to win. We can't lose, kitt. Switch to attack mode. If I switch to attack mode now, I risk exposure. If you don't switch To attack mode, You're gonna end up in a tijuana chop shop. switching to attack mode. the other driver is behaving irrationally. That's because he's starting To realize he's food. based on speed and trajectory, There is no way to avoid impact with the vehicle we are rapidly approaching. Kitt, turbo boost. Activating turbo boost. Sweet! Kitt, they can't see you like this. Transforming mid-air could affect my structural integrity. We don't have a choice. Transforming now. That is how we roll. Right, Kitt? Kitt? Kitt is never supposed to transform mid-air. Were you asleep during the training sessions or are you just a moron? I thought "never" meant not very often. So you are a moron. Can't you just hit reboot or something? He's not a laptop. Lisa, begin nano-paint application, please. Thank you. I didn't have a choice, Sarah. I would've blown my cover. Your cover? I was undercover. Five more minutes and you would've been under the covers. Could you turn that off, please? I'll be emailing that to myself for later. We have a mission update. Last night, NSA intercepted encoded chinese satellite Transmissions Sent via next gen U.S. Military equipment. I take it we didn't sell it to them. We're talking prototype, here. Even we don't have it in the field yet. It's worse than we thought. Silent running systems, night vision, Stealth components, All restricted weapons technology Ending up in china, where it's reverse engineered and sold to unfriendly third parties. We suspect the Changs' custom car export business is a front for their smuggling operation. The feds stripped their last shipment of cars down to their frames and found nothing. It's up to us to find their source. This is vital to national security, people. Let's get it done. When will Kitt be ready to roll? A couple hours. I'll take him out personally. I want to keep an eye on him. Sure it's not Mike you keep an eye on? Mike is expendable. The car isn't. How are we supposed to make our shipment without the car we promised our buyer? You're the one who told me to race for pink slips. I didn't think you'd lose. I swear to god, he wasn't driving the same car. Yeah, i switched in the middle of the race. So where's my car? It's over there. Oh! That might take you a while to buff out. Why don't I just take this one and we'll call it even? Why don't I bury you in the desert and then we'll call it even. Because it wouldn't make you any money. You need a driver. I need a sponsor. Take me on and we'll both win. What are you gonna drive? That mustang you fried yesterday? I think it'll be all right. Sounds like you're running a little lean. I keep my air fuel mix tight. She your girl? I'm nobody's girl. I'm the car's mechanic. Don't see a lot of girl mechanics. How'd you get into that? - Why, you looking for a job?  - No. I keep my girls in my car, not under it. Mind if i take a look under the hood? I barely know you. So what do you say? Meet me here tonight. We'll talk about it. Is getting in Johnny's good graces part of your strategy for ascending their hierarchy, Michael? You're learning, Kitt. I gotta earn Johnny's trust If I want to race for him. He's the big dog. My programmers delineated The difference between a big dog and an alpha male. That's because the computer programmers Do the alpha males' homework. I hope you're not buying this macho crap, Kitt. What do you want him to do? Go to a meditation class And get in touch with his inner prius? He's gotta learn how to be guy. What makes you think I am a man or a woman, Michael? Okay, never do that again. I was merely pointing out That other than for reproduction, one's sex is purely arbitrary. You've got a lot to learn. # And after all your dreams are done and paid for # # There's nowhere left to run # # And nobody left worth staying for # Ah ha ha ha! There he is. I know he's a beer guy. What are you? You're best single malt, neat. Lady mechanic who knows her scotch. Lucky man. We just work together. - I'm Sarah.  - Sean. I'm gonna make a loop, see if Johnny's here. So Mike tells me you guys were in the army. Yeah, went through basic And special forces training together Till they plucked him out For some hush-hush black ops thing. Hmm. What was he like back then? Oh, I was sure he would do great things in his life. That's why I'm surprised to see him here. You're here. Yeah. Two years in prison will lead to diminished expectations. Receiving stolen property. Hooked up with the wrong crowd when i got back from iraq. Problem with being the middle man, You get squeezed from both sides. I just don't want to see Mikey Make the same mistakes that I did. Enjoy. Hey. I'm really sorry about what happened yesterday. I didn't mean to cause any trouble. Looks like you're the one who got the worst of it. I guess all the good guys are taken. Michael, Ian has just entered. He is heading straight towards you. He has a knife. I told you to stay away from her... unh! That had to hurt. I accept your offer on one condition. Let's hear it. Get me a car. Exactly like the one my brother wrecked By tomorrow midnight. You owe me a car. Why should I steal one for you? You want to race for me? Those are my terms. Get my brother out of here. Any particular color? Mike, I searched DMV and insurance databases for that car you're after. There's only two on the west coast. And only one that fits your parameters. I've upgraded Kitt's surface screen program, and loading it now. Cool. DimitrI Kasporov. Served five years in federal prison for racketeering and extortion. Perfect. Apparently our boy Dimitri is well known for his "models and bottles" bikini parties and considers himself the Ukrainian Hugh Hefner. My name is Dimitri. I have model bottle party every year. Is best party in whole world. You like it, girls? Michael,grand theft auto is a felony. Kitt's right. Technically, the SSC doesn't exist. You get caught stealing a car, and you're on your own. It's not stealing if you steal from a thief. Besides,I'll be in and out before they know what hit them. Are you kidding? First, I've had the same training as you. And second, I look better in a bikini. Yeah, she does. I'm guessing. I'll be right back. You gonna stand there looking pretty or you gonna help a brother out? I got your message. You wanted to see me? Yeah, I did. I hear you're getting in deeper with Johnny's crew. I told you. I need to make some fast cash. Take it from me. Shortcuts usually end up being the long way around. You lose, these guys will kill you. I don't intend to lose. Once a ranger, always a ranger. I got your back. You know that, right? Yeah, I know. Cool. Michael, I have an incoming chatline from Billy. Go ahead, Billy. Mike, we ran Kitt's scan of the cars in Johnny's garage But we didn't find any restricted military technology inside. If it's not there, that means Johnny hasn't made the transfer with his supplier yet. Well, it has be going down soon. Johnny told me he wants a replacement car by midnight. What's the ETA for stealing this car? # Tell me, tell me what you want to know # Any minute now. What's my daughter doing there? And what the hell is she wearing? Uh, must be losing you, doc. Going through a bad reception area. But you're not moving. Communication with the SSC has been terminated. # Tell me what you wanna # # Tell me what you wanna do # # Tell me, tell me, are you all alone? # What? You do better in a bikini than I do. # What if I was the last man on earth? # # Would you consider me? # Zoom in on the invite and print a copy. Zooming. Image secured. Printing. Sweet. Hey, maybe next time you could print a few of these. - That would another felony.  - Ignore him, Kitt. Dimitri's car is parked in the garage. You wouldn't happen to have a spare key, would you, Kitt? Scanning database. Kitt, 3d object generator online. Commencing 3D object duplication. That... is... cool. Thank you, Michael. Is this really time to get your funk on? I'm getting into character. This isn't grand theft auto 4. You get all jacked up on adrenaline, You're gonna make mistakes. Save the lecture. # The kids in town # # don't care about the rules... # Not exactly on my bucket list of things to do before I die. But stealing a car could be fun. Hey. What is on your bucket list? You couldn't handle the first two. # They take their time # # but they'll take you apart # # But tonight, yeah # # know the kids... # Activating Sunglasses link now. Sunglasses camera link established. # Hit the beat and take it to the verse now # # Yeah, yeah, yeah # # Yeah, yeah, yeah # # Yeah, yeah, yeah # # Yeah, yeah, yeah # Okay, I'm at the pool. Go past the cabanas. Make a right. God, these girls are such bimbos. Seriously, what do guys see in girls like this? I don't know. I just don't get it. Have they ever heard of Gloria Steinem? Yeah. What's the point of shattering the glass ceiling if you're just gonna be objectified. Like a dessert buffet? Okay, now where? Mike? Mike? Uh, right. Go around the corner. You should see a garage. Ow! # Yeah, yeah, yeah # # You got me begging you for mercy # # Why won't you release me? # # I said release me # What is such pretty girl doing so far away on my party? I was just admiring your car. It looks very fast. Have you ever made love in a half-million-dollar automobile? As a matter of fact... I have. Unh! Ugh! What was that about making love in a half-million-dollar car? I'm losing you. Must be going through a bad reception area. But you're not moving. I got a little bit of a snag here, guys. Meet me at the gate. kitt, shut the gates, scramble the codes. shutting gate, scrambling codes. Summit of Kilimanjaro. Sail around the world And make love on a tropical beach, Listening to Puccini. What are you talking about? Those are the things on my bucket list. I know, totally out of character. But that's why they're on my bucket list. Not so out of character. What is it? I don't know. I think its military ops. Kitt, identify it. I am sorry, Michael. I cannot. It does not match anything in my database. Michael, the Changs are approaching. We've got company. Mike! Sarah, sarah... You two need to get a room. What can I say? Driving fast cars gets me hot. Key. # safe in the arms # # that hold your every move # Hangar doors, open. Decontamination complete. we better get that hood sterilized. I was undercover. That's like the best excuse ever! Kitt, you got anything? no, Michael. It appears to have been an anomaly. Why are you rubbing yourself on the car? I'm trying to get it to work again. Get what to work? Kit's screen wigged out when my tattoo touched it. What are you talking about? Scan my tattoo. - What?  - Just scan it. Well, it's a...tattoo. Fast forward the recording. And push in and enhance. Can't see much with all that grinding going on. Fine. Pull up kitt's recent history. It's been cleared. Did you erase it? Excuse us. Erase what? Come on, we both know kitt records everything he sees and does. I want to see the part you deleted. - Mike...  - Sarah saw it too. It was military ops, wasn't it? Mike, I have no knowledge of what you saw or what you think you saw. But whatever it is, I'll look into it. Okay? Okay. Did you turn the car over to Johnny? - He set up a race for me.  - Good. Stay close to them. They'll have to move that shipment soon. Michael, what the hell were you thinking? Sarah could've been killed. Charles, we've had this discussion before. Sarah's been trained. She was only supposed to be there for support, Alex. Whose bright idea was it for her to steal a car? Mine. It was a bad call. Yeah, damn right it was a bad call. Look, I don't know what's going on between the two of you, But you better start getting it together And using your head, or somebody is gonna get hurt. there's something in your eyes a little bit different... What are you watching? I am researching the delineation of gender roles in the classic western. Men appear to be limited to fighting, playing cards and consuming prodigious amounts of whiskey. Yeah, the good old days. I detected dr. Graiman's agitated vocal tone. why did you not justify yourself by explaining that stealing the car was sarah's idea? Never snitch on a friend, kitt. Besides, he's right. It is my responsibility. #Maybe i oughta go apologize.# I think I understand, Michael. Being a man means being able to take a punch in more ways than one. That's for sure. #More whiskey! That did it!# #come, gentlemen, let's act like...# #there's something in your eyes# That's enough research, kitt. We gotta hurry to make the race. Mike... I had Billy do some digging Into something Sean said about being the middleman. It seems he recently made some large cash deposits. Bars are a cash business. So what? So maybe he's involved with Johnny In more ways than you think. He did serve time for fencing stolen property. Sean would never get involved with those guys. So that's it? End of discussion? Look, Sarah, Sean has a past. I have a past. You have a past. We're all in different places now. Maybe we are. initiating launch prep. launch prep complete. # I cannot cut this fairy tale # # and treat you how I please # # thank you for the fun of it # # and leave you on your knees # I got 200 large riding on this race. You mean we've got it riding on this race. There's something you should know. I don't take disappointment well. Good luck, bro. Got any money riding on this race? Nah. Gotta have money to bet money. After you win, come by the bar. I got your drinks. Handle. sunglasses camera link established. Got everything we need. let's get this started. Mike. Where are you and why are you whispering? I'm at the Changs'garage. I think the supplier's here. kitt, can you Id the guy with Johnny? He is Robert Bellows, a weapons designer for lawrence livermore, a government-funded research and development lab. That must be our guy. the race is just a cover for the exchange. That's why customs couldn't find the tech. it's not hidden in the cars. It is the cars. They're building weapons systems right into the GPS. Sarah, listen to me. You have to leave right now. Don't worry. They don't know. Take them off. Sarah, can you hear me? Sarah! Sunglasses link has been terminated. Kitt, we gotta find her. Michael, Sarah is in the Changs'garage located behind the roadhouse. Yo, I knew there was something up with her and her boyfriend. Who do you work for? Get up! Forget about her. Grab this. Hurry up. Sarah. Michael, I have Sarah. Good. Get her out of here. Kitt, we can't leave Mike behind. I am following Michael's pre-existing orders. Johnny's crew was headed north when Kitt lost Mike's signal. Can you amplify his GPS implant? I have tried, Dr. Graiman. But I have not been able to locate Michael. They must be used an advanced jamming device. What about tracking the heat signatures of their vehicle? I am scanning the desert floor using heat sensing satellites. There are thousands of vehicles in the area. it will take some time to differentiate their individual heat signatures. We don't have time. I've gotta find Sean. Hey, Sarah. Mike needs your help. Where would Johnny go if he wanted to get rid of someone? I told him not to get involved with those guys. There's a place on the mesa. We're a half-hour away. It's right near Mount Monroe. What I'm about to show you is above any security clearance You've ever had in the military. What are you talking about? Kitt, online. Kitt, transform, 4x4. Okay... Who's driving? I am, Sean. Forget the driving. Who's talking? I am. You can call me Kitt. That's enough fun. We've got work to do. Nobody touches him. He's mine. 4x4 program is no longer necessary. I suggest we transform for greater speed. Transform, Kitt. Maximum speed. Initiating transformation. Transformation complete. Take it easy, Hoss. Sean, you okay? Get up. Get up! Shut the car down. Shut it down or I kill her. Kitt, deactivate. I told them not to touch you. I didn't want you to get involved. But you didn't listen. I love you like a brother, Mike, But you know too much. And the car's just a bonus. I can't walk away from this kind of money. You understand? Sarah? Sarah, you okay? Whoa, whoa, what is that thing? Kitt? What'd you do to him? Save your breath, Mikey. That's the military's next gen EMP. Your talking car can hear you about as much as that SUV. Good work. Do we have anything? We're extrapolating from Kitt's last known location, Trying to close down roads and highways. Billy. Kitt's transponder is dead. I got nothing. No wonder you faked your own death. You just go from one black ops to another, don't you? Yeah, well, the same could be said about you. Hey, they owe me this. I spent two years inside for them. Thought you said shortcuts were the long way around. You always were a boy scout, weren't you? Good-bye. Put the car in the truck and send it to the port with the others. What about the girl? Dig another hole. Bellows! Hey, bro. Ready to have some fun? Wait, I got something. It's super faint. I hacked a mobile phone network And used their towers to search for Kitt's signal. Amplify it. Get us a direct feed. Reroute power through Kitt's backup systems. Come on, Kitt. Let him go! Shoot him! No! Argh! He's back online. Take cover, Michael. Activating laser. Michael, Sean is escaping. Come on, let's go. According to my scanners, Sean is headed directly toward a drop-off hidden behind the next rise. Kitt, Sean can't see that drop-off. We gotta stop him. Try to cut him off. Michael, the angle of intercept is rapidly closing. We're getting close. At his current speed, Sean will be unable to stop in time. Hey, thought you'd want to know We recovered the stolen vehicles and the military tech at the port of L.A. Good job. You find out about what happened with my tattoo? You mean those files you saw? Like Kitt said, probably an anomaly. Dr. Graiman's working on it. Shouldn't happen again. Still watching the cowboy movie? It is a fascinating narrative. In turns, dramatic, comedic, suspenseful, and unabashedly heroic. Sounds like a great story. You seem troubled, Michael. He was my friend. I am still learning about the complexities of friendship, But I would be honored to count you as mine. Every cowboy needs a sidekick. I would not sell yourself short, Michael.