Dispatch 88,in pursuit of a vehicle. Plates match missing blue honda,highway 227. This is 71 joining pursuit,request additional back-up. Come on. Come on! What a piece of crap. Damn! Driver,pull your vehicle over! driver,turn off your vehicle and stay where you are. driver! Put your hands outside the vehicle where we can see them! turn off the radio and reach your hands outside the window! hands! both hands,now! - Now,slowly.... - Grenade! Get back! Call for an ambulance. Officer down! Officer down! A popular theory among leading astrophysicists estimates that the hyper matter reactor would need about 10 to the 32nd jewels of energy to destroy a planet the size of earth. Now,lucas said it took 19 years to build the first death star,right? But if you look at the new essential chronology, there's a testbed prototype for a super laser that spans-- where are you goin'? Taking back the last 5 minutes of my life. You can't go in there. Don't you want to know about this guy? I do. Got it all memorized-- his books,his bio. Yeah,books have sold over a million copies. So? There's a million reasons not to come back,if you know what I'm sayin'. Taupe walls. That's a negative color. Cold,distant. You know,emotionally,taupe is linked to loneliness and the desire to escape from the world. I just figured the guy's walls would be covered with plaques and commendations. Maybe he doesn't want to be reminded of past victories. It's a new chapter for him. What happened to the moratorium on inter-team profiling,guys? Come on,reid,team? I don't think this guy knows the meaning of the word. Oh,I found something. Looks like some type ofreligiousreligous art. Original,maybe? Definitely expensive. It's renaissance art. - If that's original... - is it? I don't know,it's kinda hard to tell. Means he's into the classics. What else? Uh,italian,strict catholic upbringing. Probably believes in redemption. Well,I believe in a lot of things. Catholic,yes. Italian-american,52 years. Strict upbringing,not so much. Now,the artwork,that's 15th century,original. Cost more than my first house. And as for the wall color,it's just a base coat. Painters will come in and finish tomorrow. Now,if you're all finished,I think J.J.And hotch are ready for us. Isn't that how a team works? Great falls,montana. Over the past 14 months,3 women have been reported missing. Michelle lawford,jennifer hillbridge,and darcy cranwell. All young caucasian brunettes. After an extensive search,all were presumed dead by local authorities. So at least we know he has a type. And now there's a fourth woman,angela miller. This morning,she and her car went missing from a small grocery store while her husband and son were inside. This morning? Montana's requesting our help? 40 minutes later,state troopers spotted angela miller's car on the highway. And when troopers tried to apprehend the driver, he blew himself up with a grenade, putting one of the troopers in the I.C.U. Are they sure that she wasn't in the car with him? They went through the wreckage,and it appears she's still missing. Troopers get a look at the guy? Caucasian,stocky,brown hair,moustache. Early forties. He has a scar on the left side of his face. Do you think angela miller's still alive? Since the other missings were never found,we don't know, but he only had her for 40 minutes,so we have to assume she is. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents</font> -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ</font> Criminal Minds¡¡ Season03 Episode07 Identity</font> Earthly kingdomcannot exist "without inequality of persons. "Some must be free,some serfs,some rulers,some subjects." Martin luther. You know,I could have gotten you a coloring book at the airport. I'm creating a topographical map, weighing down and geocoding all key locations looking for algorithms. Yeah. That's exactly what I thought you were doing. It's called a jeopardy surface. It's a way of narrowing down where the unsub could reside. And by default,where he may be stashing angela miller. You know,it says here the guy had a fully loaded gun, so we know he had options. Why the grenade? He wants to be remembered. And he wanted to be sure to take as many cops with him as possible. He knows he's out gunned. So he waits. Times it to the last second. Boom! There are some very committed people in those parts. Who love their fire power. Almost as much as they hate us. Militia. And they're heavily armed. Yeah,but hand grenades? It's not uncommon for militia members to have military experience. Oftentimes,they resent the structure and they get discharged, and they form their own paramilitary governments. Dental records are on their way to garcia. I'll tell her to check the military first. Prentiss and i will go meet the husband. I can walk the other abduction sights. Everybody else,set up base,work on geographical profiles. Establish contact with the locals,and tread carefully. They'll be watching us. He killed a 15-year police veteran. He died in I.C.U.A couple hours ago. Sorry to hear that. So angela miller came out with the groceries while her husband took mark into the bathroom. He came out,she was gone,her and the car. Unsub gets into the car,gun drawn,and tells her to drive. She knows her son's coming out any minute, so to keep him out of harm's way,she drives off. Where did he come from? All the vehicles in the vicinity have been accounted for. Well,if he's a local,he walked. Well,these folks can rest easy knowing the bastard's dead. Except,of course,for angela miller's family. Uh,this is agent jareau with the F.B.I.And-- that's the third time I've been hung up on. Try not saying F.B.I. Who was that? Contact for a local militia newsletter. Yeah,drop the F.B.I.Part. A woman is missing. You'd think the espeople would want to help us. They do want to help. The missing woman,not us. Go ahead,garcia. You were spot on,crime fighters . Military records match. Francis goehring,42 years old. Did a year in the army for a bad conduct discharge. Highlight of which was an arrest during a bar brawl in which three other people were hospitalized. He also appears in the federal database for... get this,aggressive militia groups. Aggressive militia groups. Is there any other type? That's your federal government at work. We specialize in redundancy. You see a last known address? A compound just outside of town. It's coming your way. he also has a wife that doesn't appear to live with him. Diane marie goehring,lives in shelby a few hours away. Have the state police bring in the wife. Reid and I will go make friends with his neighbors. Thanks,garcia. We need you to tell us what happened. The guy that took my wife... he took the other missing women,didn't he? He's a serial killer,that's why you're here? No,we're here to help you find your wife. You do believe she's alive? Unless I have evidence to the contrary, I very much consider her to be alive. I wouldn't have called him in if I believed otherwise. What do you believe? I believe you spent all morning... going over and over in your head about the last time you saw her. And asking yourself how could it happen,why did it happen. Those moments,those memories, we need to hear them all,in detail. How's that gonna help save her? Well,in one of those moments, someone else may have been watching her,too. NO TRESPASSING!! MANAGERS OFFICE NO SOLICLLORS;KEEP MONTANA ARMED!! What the hell do you want? Can't you read? I'm not a salesman,I'm with the fbi. Fbi? You're not serious. You look like a pipe cleaner with eyes. I could snap you like a twig. But then,he isn't alone. We're here because this was the address listed for francis goehring. I haven't seen him in months. We'd like to see his residence. Francis goehring abducted 3 women. We're looking for a fourth. He took her while her husband and son were in a store. This isn't about us,it's about a woman from your community. I'll show you his place. Piece of advice,pipe cleaner, way you're wearin' that gun... beggin' someone to take it off you. Mostly just junk mail. Catalogs for firearms... survival preparedness. He doesn't sleep here. Postmarks are new. He probably just uses this address for mail. Odd choice of reading material. Uh,speaking of reading material, I've,uh,read all your books. Thanks. one thing that always kind of struck me as odd is that you really just sort of glance over ruby ridge. I mean,you don't-- you don't have to tell me,I... this picture seems old. It's part of a past life. We need to find where his new life is. How's that map of yours coming along? I've got it narrowed down to about a 30 mile radius. Well,hotch seems to think he was on foot. That's a long walk. I'm still refining it. Good. Hello. Home movies. An earthly kingdom... cannot exist without the inequality of persons. Martin luther understood the weak will always serve the strong. Like me. He had dreams. And ideas. It's funny,he uses the chair like it's a throne and he's framing himself intentionally with a low angle to give him power and dominance in the frame. In feudal times,the lord lived on high ground to spot the invader. He had serfs to serve his kingdom. The lord never had to leave his castle. The serfs would bring him everything. They were the appendages of his will. There's 11 more tapes of this? It's his manifesto. First,I will ilbud a compound,a kingdom. Second,I will arm,protecand fortify my kingdom. Third,I will keep women as serfs to serve my ever need. This is my right. As a man with free will in america, I will make my kingdom a reality. Well,we know he's moved out of his house. My guess is that kingdom is the reality now. Hey,he talks about keeping women to serve him. It's possible all these women are still alive. Excuse me. Goehring's wife is here. Thank you for coming to speak with us,mrs.Goehring. Did I have a choice? We need your help. If I don't have to be here,good-bye. Um,is this you? That is you,isn't it? Where did you get this? Um,have you seen this woman? Today on the news. Well,you probably saw these three women on the news as well, and we think they all share one thing in common. What? They all look like you. A pattern,a type. You and all of these women fit a type. When was the last time you saw your husband? I... I haven't seen him since we threw him out. We? The militia. They saw what-- what he did to me,and threw him out. What he did to you? Francis killed himself yesterday. He's--he's dead? After being caught driving angela miller's car. Can you think of anywhere that he would have taken these women? Your husband was sadistic. He hurt you,made you do horrible things. He treated you like a slave. Did what he wanted,whenever he wanted. He did the same thing to those other women, except they didn't have the militia to save them. Francis said that his dream started with 9 acres. What's he talking about? My parents' land. When--when--when they died,he made me give it to him. Where is it? FRANCIS GOEHRING'S LAND Sheriff,let me know when they've swept the house for explosives. In the meantime,check the perimeter. Let's find her. Tommy,2 men on the house. - Angela? - **** Angela? Angela? Angela miller? Angela! Hotch! Rossi! We got her. It's angela. She's gone. 2 exit wounds,upper torso. I promised her son we'd find her alive. What is it? She's still warm. Look at the blood,it hasn't dried yet. This is recent. Very recent. How is that possible? Goehring didn't do this. He's got a partner. Angela's been dead for no more than half an hour. The partner was just here. He can't have gotten far. We set up road blocks within a 40 mile radius. Sheriff,somebody around here must know who goehring's partner is. We should try goehring's pals,the militia. Maybe they can help. Militia leader is harris townsend. He owns a bar called the horse post. I'd suggest sending morgan. What? All due respect,rossi,but you've got an entire team to pick from. You're choosing me? Are you serious? No offense,but do you really want to do that? Take J.J.With you. They know we're here. But you're the last face they expect. Let's do it,J.J. Sheriff,we need to get into the house. Not until I get the all clear. Goehring blew himself up. God knows what else he's got in there. Search what you can until we get in. Anything to build a workable profile. Keeps everything neat. Obsessively so. His trailer was organized,but this is different. Get back to me on it. We found some cartridges and different casings. The gun racks were empty. He took his entire arsenal. 7.62 millimeter. He's got an assault rifle. And I found 2 sets of men's shoes of different sizes. We found fresh tire tracks. Small pick-up truck. I know it doesn't narrow it down much, but let the troopers know they're looking for a man in a pick-up. If he's as prepared as goehring, he'll have a police scanner and a 2-way radio. We can tune into the state geological survey frequency. Nobody ever listens to that. Hey,guys? There are 3 sections of roses, different heights,different levels of maturity. 3 different women. These appear to be the most recently planted. The tags are still on them. Guys... carrion beetles. Like in a cemetery. Sheriff,let's get some shovels. We need to start digging. This should be interesting. J.J.,Wait a minute. Stay behind me. When we get inside,do not,whatever you do, turn your back on that door. Do you hear me? I can handle myself. We're looking for harris townsend. Put your badge away. We know who you are. We're only here to talk to harris townsend. We heard he runs this bar. I do. Talkin' isn't exactly what you boys are known for. We're investigating a missing woman-- bobby,be a gentleman. Pull up a chair for the little lady. No,I prefer to stand. I'd prefer it if you both left my bar. But we have manners. Glock 17. Tactical,but european. Smith and wesson. Pure american hardware. I wonder which one is more dependable. I don't want to be here just as much as you don't want me here. But we have a job to do. I never understood how someone like you could trust them. Someone like me? How was the federal government ever helped your people? Slavery,ghettos,poverty. The cia got you all hooked on heroin in the sixties, crack in the eighties. Now,I hate the government. But you... you should despise them. They sure as hell don't care about you now. There are 5 other members of your team. Look around you. Why the hell did they send you in here? Francis goehring and a partner abducted and killed 4 innocent women, the last of which we just found dead in a bed of roses,shot in the back twice. Nobody sent me anywhere. I came here to do right by her. Now,goehring's partner is out there somewhere, so we completely understand if you boys are just too afraid to tell us about him. I get it. But just say so. Don't go hidin' behind your vague little gun threats and your tired conspiracy theories,please. Goehring was a piece of dung. I don't know who his partner is. I saw him once,through the scope of my rifle. Me and some of the boys were out huntin'. Small guy,about 5'8. Following goehring around like his private pack mule. Hat on,head down. That's it,that's all I know. Just in case you remember something else. Take care,boys. Didn't find any explosives,nothing rigged,but be careful. Odd. Goehring kept his house almost cozy. - Hotch? - Yeah. These tapes have the names of the missing women. They've all been un-spooled. We need to get these to garcia immediately. Deputy. One,all actions must serve to please the master. 2,insubordination will result in punishment... this is his new manifesto. Notice the "master" is singular and capitalized, emphasizing there's only one dominant partner. So his partner is more of a servant. Or a serf. Watching the house,minding the lawn,helping him abduct women... ok,so if his partner is a serf,what are the female slaves for? Oh,I think I can answer that. Now we know why the victims were taken so far apart. They tortured them. It took time for them to die. This is where he kept them. The blood's fresh. What the hell is this? The pear of anguish. I've got something here. Homemade torture tools. They covered the floor in something. The bodies are probably wrapped in whatever it was. They must have kept these women in that box for months, judging by these tools,there will be a considerable amount of mutilation. We need to do what we can to help their families give a proper burial. Goehring's partner is early to mid-twenties. 5'8". Slight build. Shy and retiring, but groomed by a separatist armed with assault weaponry. Like goehring, he's unlikely to surrender if he's cornered. His obsession with cleanliness and order is deeply ingrained. This will be reflected in his home and his vehicle. We've located hair samples in the cabin we believe are his, medium-short length and blonde. He's the submissive partner,but having just lost goehring-- the man he was dedicated to and heavily dependent upon-- he's in crisis. One more thing-- never let the bastards take you alive. And never be forgotten. That's it. The whole tamale. Every horrific frame. I'm done. - No luck seeing the partner? - No. He's-- I scanned every frame. He's holding the camera. You ok? No. I'm sorry. This is jennifer hillbridge,the second woman abducted. Please,stop. Please.It hurts. What is it with you? You just don't get it,do you? Total power over your life. The cameraman frames goehring, - but never her. - Total power...I decide. Watch. He never stays on her that long. He's more interested in goehring than the torture. He's lingering on his biceps like he's caressing goehring's body. Why the hell? The unspooled tapes -- that wasn't to destroy evidence. It was from jealousy. What? He's in love with goehring. Make a loop. Tie it around. Bring it through. Goes through. He's teaching him how to tie the perfect knot. A trucker's hitch. She's not going anywhere. So he can be the perfect serf. It would be part of his servitude to clean his house, help abduct girls,bury the bodies,get supplies,plant the roses. He had to buy roses,and a lot of them. Someone must have seen him. Let's get to the nurseries. We're looking for a man in his twenties. He keeps to himself. Avoids eye contact.Speaks very little, but when he does,he would sound meek,almost feminine. He'd have purchased soil,gardening tools... buys quite a few rose plants. Yeah,I know who you're talking about. Henry. He's not a customer. Henry frost. Here. - He works here. - Great. I need an address. HENRY FROST'S TRAILER He's destroyed everything he owns. He has no identity. He burned his face off his pictures. Why? A submissive depends upon a dominant partner not only for instruction, but for purpose and meaning. So he's starting over,wiping the slate clean. Yeah,but as what? Sorry. Did I scare you? No,it's ok. - Let me help you with that. - No,thanks.I got it. - Oh,god! - Get in the trunk. - No! - Get in the trunk! - God,please,no! - Shut up! Shut up!Shut up! Get in the trunk! - Take the car - - don't tell me what to do! Help me,somebody! - Please! - Shut up! Help! Hey! Son of...Stop the car or I'll shoot! Damn it. I could have taken the shot. I was just afraid of hitting her. You get a good look at him? Yeah,he came in. Big ass bandage on the left side of his face. Bought a beer and pumpkin seeds, went back to his truck and sat there. Was that his truck? Yes,sir. That was their M.O. Frost chauffeured goehring around. Goehring picks a victim,abducts her on foot, they drive off in separate vehicles. But this time,frost had to play both roles, and he got sloppy,and he left a witness and his car. Can you confirm that that's the guy you saw? No. That's him. He looks like goehring. Or frost's version of him. Ok,you're goehring. Sadistic bastard. I'm frost,a submissive,troubled,gay man. I need you to dominate me because it gives me direction and a purpose in life. And life is good. And then one day,I pull the pin on a grenade. You die. And when I lose you,I begin to lose my identity because my sense of self was tied to you. You're showing classic signs of depersonalization disorder precipitated by the stressor of losing a loved one. Now,all that's left is me. - And you hate yourself. - I do.Why? Because I brainwashed you with all my rules. I've told you over and over how weak you are how you're nothing without me. Right. So I go back to my home and annihilate everything I own,every reminder of who I am. I erase myself and become you. It's the only way that you can survive. The only way that you can hold onto me. Frost transforms himself into goehring and goes back to abducting women because that's what goehring would do. We need to stop thinking like frost and start thinking like goehring. 'Cause he's still calling the shots. Help me,somebody! help! Let me out What kind of man follows another man around like a dog? If you act like a nobody... you'll be treated like a nobody. I'm not a nobody. - I'm you. - Help! Hurry up. Hurry up! Come on! Ok,ok! Get over here. Get down. Please Sheriff,he's taken on goehring's persona. We have to assume he's going to behave the same way. He's heavily armed,and he's committed to his cause. If he's caught,he's not only willing to die, but to take as many of us with him as possible. He's got a hostage,which means I'm going to need the best sharp shooter you've got. That's fine. But we don't even know where this guy's headed. The team's been working the profile,and we think we've got something. In the tapes,goehring makes several mentions of "ideal land." He also said that "lords live on higher ground to better surveil the land and spot invaders." He studied medieval defense strategies, so he'll probably go to a place where he can protect himself. High ground,easily defendable. This picture was on goehring's fridge. Do you know where that is? That's black eagle peak. Militia groups used to use it for training drills till the state stopped them. Ideal land. Please,don't do this. Why? This is what I do. - My name is becky-- - yeah.You shut up! Shut up! You don't have a name,not until I give you one. You hear me? I teach school. I have a fiance. What happened to your face? It looks bad. What's your name? What's my name? My name is francis goehring. ****** My guy's got eyes on him. He's on the very top of the peak on the far side of that ridge. He'll see us coming. He already knows if he's using that police scanner. We got to find a way to get up there. We'll never be able to get close enough. How it going with the sharp shooter? Who's that? Oh,you can't be serious. You asked for the best. He's it. Ex-special forces sniper. - He's a civilian. - He's militia. I deputized him. He knows the terrain like nobody else. Wind in this valley will change the trajectory of a shot by inches. If you can't read the wind,the wrong person might get shot. I guess I don't need to remind you gentleman of that. We can handle this. Good luck with that. Hey,it might not come down to it if we don't get moving. I'll go with him. You want to flank around the west side of the mountain? If he's on the north,I'll get a better view from the east ridge. It's steeper,higher ground. Get a clear shot from there. - If you see the shot,call it. - Good. Channel 23. Keep it open. I'll go with the sheriff. We'll stay at the base and try to distract him. You go up to the northeast and through the middle. Keep your head down. Francis goehring? Channel 2! All we want to do is talk to you. Let me know if you can hear me. Yeah,I can hear you. Get up This is my land. You understand? Not yours. And you will leave it,or she dies. She's tucked in real tight. Too tight. I can't get the shot. You got to get him to move. No shot. We got to distract frost. Get him away from becky. How are we going to do that? He's not goehring. He can't do this. He shot angela miller in the back. All I want to do is talk! You want to talk? You go ahead and talk. But you come any closer,and she gets a bullet. You hear me? She's going to be the first to go. I swear! Your policy was shoot to kill at ruby ridge,wasn't it? It wasn't,but it is now. Yeah. Well,I'm not in the bureau,am I? We know a lot about you,henry. We know your name is henry frost. We know you're 25-years-old. We know that your dad kicked you out of the house when you were 15. He was a drunk and he abused and he abandoned you. And ever since,your life has been a series of jails and institutions, - and it's been hell. - Shut up! No! Never let the bastards take you alive. Never be forgotten. You the man who sent those 2 agents into my bar? I was. To piss me off. If you have the shot,take it. Innocent woman died at ruby ridge. As tragic as that outcome was, my order on that day is the same as it is now. This man is not going to be taken alive. You were there? I was. The shot's the signal to go. Take the damn shot. Maybe your partner will talk him out of it. Henry,just let the girl go. And I'll clear everybody out, and you and I can just talk. That's a promise. - It doesn't have to end like this. - Yes,it does! Yes,it does! And it will! Henry,let her go. Henry,let her go! Ok,ok,it's ok. I'm gonna get this off you. He's gone. Let me help you up. - Is there anything else on you? - No. It's quite a view. Reminds me of idaho. Me,too. All anybody remembers is that an fbi sniper killed a mother while she was holding her baby. 6 months later. Waco. 80 men,women and children died. Not a single shot did we fire that day. The legacy of those failures still haunts us. It's why some people don't trust us. Made me start thinking about leaving the agency. So what started you thinking about coming back? Unfinished business. You know,there's one thing you'll learn about me,rossi. I'm relentless.