Cop was just doin'his job. He didn't really have to direct traffic around me. He saved dozens of lives that day, honey. All right. Now, seat belt and... - No talking on the phone. - You must be totally confident so you can be aware of... What's happening around you. I have to go. No, no, no. Come on. It's Sunday. - You promised. - Want your mom to take you? Come on, Andrea. I'll be home before dinner. Yeah, right. You said that last time. I was gonna tell you this later, but I really need to see you smile. So, when you've gotten your license, this little beauty is all yours. Dad! How do you like your old man now? - But you can't let your grades slip. - No, they won't. They won't. Hello, Lisa. Lisa, guess who just got a new car. - No way. - And I just have to get my license. - And... - And keep my grades up. Mr. Harris, can you talk to my dad? - So great. - I love it. That's awesome. Did you guys hear there's another girl missing? Missy Dewald? - What, do you know her? - She goes to Bennett. High school? All the other girls were in college. Maybe it's not the same guy. But he alternates between black and white girls. You don't read the paper? If he's going younger, we're in trouble. William Harris. What is this about? William Harris, you're under arrest for the kidnapping of Missy Dewald and the murder of 3 women. - You have the right to remain silent. - You have a warrant? Look in the attic, the garage, and the storage shed. She's here somewhere. Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to have an attorney during the questioning. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you. - Do you understand these rights? - Yes. - William, what is going on? - It's a mistake. It's a mistake. I'll be home soon. - What are you doing? - Got tired of waiting. What's that supposed to mean? You can look all you want. Missy Dewald isn't here. All week, you been sayin' he need privacy and time. You told me he wouldn't keep her on his property, but I wouldn't listen. Detective, we have a witness who can place him at the abduction site. He has a history of similar offenses where he used the same m.o. in Atlanta. He fits the profile... A high-functioning successful family man living and working in the area. You had probable cause. We don't have enough to prosecute him yet. - What's our next move? - The key could be in his house, So we're gonna need to dig through his life. Family, work, his friends. Agent Morgan and I will interrogate him. All right. He holds his victims for 2 days before he kills them. Missy disappeared yesterday. As long as he stays in custody, there's a good chance she could be alive. Talk to the detective that arrested him for the Atlanta rapes. Find out what went right and what went wrong with their approach. Williams is a successful litigator, so we're gonna need some leverage, Somethin'to throw him off guard. A discrepancy in a previous statement, that's enough to give us the upper hand. I'll get on that. We can only hold him for so long after he sees the judge. What are the odds we can get him to break in the next 12 hours? That's not gonna be easy. Transcript: ydy.com Synchro: mpm Criminal Minds Season04 Episode12 Soul Mates "No mortal can keep a secret. "If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips.</i> "Betrayal oozes out of him at every pore."</i> Sigmund Freud. Did he do it? Did William Harris rape and kill those girls? I'm sorry. I can't answer. He was the coach of my daughter's soccer team. Please. I'm afraid to let her leave the house. I know this is frustrating. As soon as we get any information, we will release it to the public. Hold tight, OK? Excuse me. William Harris, I'm special agent Derek Morgan. This is special agent David Rossi. Before you answer any questions, I need to remind you that you're entitled to have a lawyer present. I am a lawyer. She look familiar to you? How about her? Her? The three of these girls were raped, strangled, and dumped. My God. I have a daughter their age. Missy Dewald. She went missing yesterday. What do you think you have on me? We have a witness who can place you at the mall the same time of her abduction. And well, rumor has it that you seem to have a history. - How is that? - Tell us about Atlanta. Atlanta? Those charges were dropped. It was a mistake. Because the 2 rape victims wouldn't testify, and now you cover your tracks by killing them. I didn't do this. So, William, you've been married, what, 18 years? You remember that feeling you get when you fall in love? All those firsts... the kiss, the smell of her hair... It's exciting. You miss that feeling, don't you? Being married to the same woman, it's like ordering the same entree for 18 years. Agent Rossi, every minute you spend with me is another minute she's alone with him. So we've brought in the wrong guy? Just like they did in Atlanta. And by the time you realize I've been telling the truth... This poor girl could be dead. Would you prefer to do this alone? This may be too disturbing for your daughter. It's OK. We have no secrets. Can you account for William's whereabouts for the last 24 hours? - My dad was at home with us. - The whole time? He may have ran out for about an hour or so. I really don't remember. 3 girls have been murdered, Mrs. Harris. Missy Dewald is missing now, and she's running out of time. That's not my fault. How would you feel if someone was hurting Andrea? Why did you move? My dad got a better offer with another firm. It had nothing to do with the rape charges in Atlanta? Those charges were dropped. Do you really think it's a coincidence he's been a suspect twice? It was a mistake, just like this. Has William been distant lately? Spent a lot of time behind closed doors? He works a lot. Is that a crime? I think you've known something is off, and it's made you wonder. It's something only you would know. Mrs. Harris, you can save Missy Dewald's life, in spite of what's happening in your family. That's enough. This interview is over. - You find anything? - Give me a minute. I'll find the grime. All right. You ready to start searching his computer? Born ready. - Seem to be in control. - I'm always in control, sweet cheeks. So far, William Harris appears to be quite intelligent. - He's covering his tracks pretty well. - <i>Yeah, just because</i> you delete your history, doesn't mean all your dirty cyberlaundry isn't hanging out there for me to find on your hard drive. Rookie mistake. - Keep moving, sir. - Bailiff... Mr. Harris can have a few moments with his family. - Dad. - Honey. How's my girl? - I'll be fine once you're home. - I'm workin'on that. How you doin'? I know. Believe me, I know. But, they don't have a case. Honey, bail was set at $5 million. They must have something. Well, after Atlanta... OK, so what should I do? Should I pull money from the retirement fund? - Just use the house. - The house? Where are we gonna go if something happens? - Everything is gonna be fine. - Mr. Harris. I have to go. - Look after your mom. - I will. I need you to be strong. I love you both. We love you, too, honey. Did you see how Sharon reacted when he said to put up the house? She's starting to doubt him. Garcia's been digging his PC. She found an encrypted link to a web page. - Where'd it take you? - An unsearchable, untraceable blog with tons of journal entries. - It's like some sort of diary. - You find anything incriminating? I was able to differentiate between 2 distinct voices, 2 authors. I found various idiosyncratic words, phrases, punctuation, And orthography within the blog entries consistent with each separate person... Words like "soda" and "pop." One guy uses dashes while the other uses ellipses. Where'd you find this kid? He was left in a basket on the steps of the F.B.I. One side of the discourse made a reference to the devil's strip. - What the hell's that? - It's a small patch of grass that separates the sidewalk from the street. That term is only used in central Ohio. William lived in Atlanta for 20 years, but he grew up in Columbus. The other guy uses words like "turnpike" and "filling the gas tank," Both specific regionalisms for Florida. Kid, you sure about this? Right. Was there a new development? "Can't remember the last time I smiled for so long that it hurt. "I've never felt like this before." Sounds like you're bored at home. Havin' an affair? I told you I'm happily married. Does your wife know about your secret diary? I bet she'd like to know how good you are at keeping secrets. I'm not sure what you think you've found, But you've gone from completely wrong to completely insane. You're hiding something. No jury will convict me because somebody saw me at the mall And you think I'm talking with someone other than my wife. We found Missy. Told you so. You son of a bitch! - Detective, no! - Damn you! That's her. That's Missy. I looked her father in the eye and swore I'd find her alive. So since we've been here, this girl's gone missing and now turned up dead. Do you think he dumped the body before he was picked up? The m.e. estimates she was killed several hours ago. But we've had William Harris in custody. - You think we have the wrong guy? - I don't think so. He's communicating with someone. He's confident they won't turn against him. I don't think he's having an affair. He has a partner. And that partner's doing everything he can to get Harris out of jail. "I love the challenges..." "the only suspense for tonight..."</i> "was tough, but I figured it out..." "perfect timing..."</i> "I watch them chase their little spawns..."</i> "... passage truly. Those first few hours are the best."</i> "Faith should never be broken." Tell me you found his partner. It's all so cryptic. "The end of the day came too soon." Well, they clearly enjoyed being together. They wrote a cluster of others after the 1st victim, Kim Groves, was killed. We need to know how they met. There's gotta be something about their courtship. "It all seemed so hopeless, but I finally learned to rise above it." It sounds like William confessed he was feeling incomplete. He was. He didn't start killing until he met his soul mate. "Faith should never be broken." The longer they got away with it, the stronger their relationship. These two aren't just obsessed with rape and murder. They're addicted to one another. We could have saved her. There were no signs of his having a partner until now. That's why he's so cocky. His arrogance is typical of a dominant personality. He's found a submissive who kill for him. The partner is a biter. We found marks on Missy Dewald. They never did that. With William out of the picture, he's changed. Maybe the partner went back to something comfortable, something he's done before. I've got Garcia checking dental records against other cases. D.A. was ready to charge him when Missy was still alive. How the hell are we supposed to keep him now? I'm surprised you're writing all this stuff to a fella. Sounds like you have a real special thing goin' on. I'm thinkin' if the 2 of you had just got it on, Maybe these women would still be alive. So where'd you meet him? Chat room? Porn sites? Gay bar? Whoever this guy is, he's lookin' out for you, cleaned up for you. - Missy Dewald is dead. - Has he called yet? Lee jarvis,the D.A. I saw his name on the warrant. He's got the best conviction rate in Florida. Do you know why? I wanna know why your pen pal killed her when he could have let her rot. Jarvis doesn't like to lose. He's not gonna ruin his record over this. This friend of yours wants to please you bad, doesn't he? He's protecting you, doin' whatever he's gotta do to make sure that you're innocent. He killed Missy so you could be together again. It's only been a few hours, but he misses you. And you've gotten what exactly from all this? Proof that someone out there is just as sick as you. It turns out there's a lot of sick pups in central Florida. Today's dental records do not match William Harris, but do match a reported rape in Manatee county earlier this year. - That's great. You got a match. - The teeth belong to the same person, Any arrests, I can't cross-reference. - What about the victim? - Connie Mayers. She still lives in the area. They're gonna ask who you are. They don't know. - We're just buying flowers. - Those daisies are nice. In your report, it says your attacker knew what he wanted, that he was confident. More like a control freak. He wore a mask, but I could tell he was white. He choked me. Took a long time for the bruises to go away. I swear when the light's right, I can still see his hand right here. I'm sorry. It's not as bad as the bite marks. I mean, they're scars now. I haven't been with anyone since, so I haven't had to explain. - Let me wrap these for you. - Thank you. Connie described an anger-excitation rapist just like William. So we're lookin' at 2 dominant personalities. Makes sense. They have a similar discourse. They're equally well-written. - That's a big deal. - It's rare in criminal partnerships. If their personalities are the same, their lives are probably like mirrors. Harris goes to church, on the board of the p.t.a., Coaches his daughter's soccer team, rarely drinks. Sounds like a saint. With a dark side. That's what he connected to in the partner. We will go talk to the family, see if they know who it might be. 2 alpha males won't be easy to break. The partner is definitely following the investigation. - Let's do the talking for them. - I put this out in the public? - We've got something better. - Why would he read it? - He knows William won't be writing. - These men are addicted to each other. He needs a fix, and the words they've shared are all he has to cling to. His partner wrote "faith should never be broken." A betrayal could devastate him. All we have to say is that William's cooperating... And then hope he takes the bait. Have you noticed William pay extra attention to anyone? Or has he gone out of his way to avoid anyone? We've been here for 6 months, still got boxes to unpack. Suggesting that William's found time to bond with someone? You know, we think we know the ones we love, but everybody can keep secrets. The man we're looking for is just like your dad. He's smart, strong, confident. He may have a family also. So now you're gonna accuse someone else's Dad of murder. That's really great. It is the last thing we wanna do. We believe the accomplice has done this before. That victim described a white man in his forties. This may be someone you would recognize. And there's a good chance he's gonna check up on you. And why would he do that? He's worried about your dad, but he has no way of communicating with him. You and your mom are the next best thing. He's uncertain right now, and that may manifest itself in mood swings. We made a deal after Atlanta. There wouldn't be a chance for any more misunderstandings. And how's that working out for you? So do you like where you live? - I do. Yeah. D.C.'s nice. - So is this place. Now it's just like Atlanta. Everyone thinks my dad's guilty, and it'll just get worse. I'm sorry about that. - What have we got so far? - "We were surprised "that you injected yourself into the investigation. "You risked a lot in order to help William." And killin' Missy tells us how close you really are. It must be devastating to learn that William is here with us. He's not gonna like that. Sounds like William's cooperating. That's exactly what we want, so he'll doubt their alliance. - Most entries followed the 1st murder. - Yeah, William wrote most of them. "I wasn't expecting that type of gift. "I wish time didn't take away all the pleasures of the day." Gotta see this. What's that smirk? Sharon is posting bail. I'm thinkin' about where to go for dinner. You know, maybe we got it wrong. Maybe they're not both alpha males. Maybe we'll go to Salvatores. Partner made the first move. He's the one with the balls. Yeah, and it was pretty risky, too. Think about it. What if you did turn in here? Or at least your partner thought you turned in here. Then he'd have no choice but to turn himself in. Your lives would be ruined. That's the reason it works. You both have everything to lose. He's only cleaning up because he can't afford to get caught either. Am I right? How is gonna react to the entry we wrote? He knows we're reading your little love letters, so we decided to send one ourselves, Let him know you're in here helping us out. He's probably feeling pretty betrayed right about now. And if he is, what do you think he's doin' about it? William, you wrote, "thanks for the perfect place to play." What were you talkin' about? - Golfing. - Golfing? Golfing. Right. What was it like? Perfect. I've never let 'em see my face before. - Me either. - You think she's gonna talk? They all think about it, but too scared. I don't know. This one, this one seems defiant. Well, I don't think we should risk it. Blood's... Not my thing. It doesn't have to be messy. You mean like this? Yeah, like that. You probably don't recognize 'em like this, do you, William? Happy and smilin'. All these gifts. All these girls. This is someone's child. You know, Missy Dewald, she was supposed to meet her parents for dinner. She was 18 years old, an only child, and you just took her away. I feel sorry for those parents. I really do. Do you hear yourself? Not an ounce of sincerity. You just proved you were incapable of empathy. Just like your partner. William, you never would have done any of this without him. But you just weren't complete, right? - Wait. What is that? - Honey, stay here. - Mom... - Stay here. What the hell? Damn kids. Don't you worry, Sharon. We are gonna take care of this. Thank you. "It's been so long, my heart aches. "I need to see that face again soon." I mean, it's pretty obvious there's an emotional connection between you two. Can't deny that. But, you know, doesn't really sound like 2 buddies to me. Sounds more like 2 men in love with each other. You have no idea what you're talking about. You're right. I have absolutely no idea what it's like to be in love with another man. You know, everyone who goes into law enforcement... has this air of moral superiority. You, it seeps out of every single pore. Black cop in the F.B.I. You got a big chip on your shoulder, lot to prove. Now who's the one who has no idea what he's talkin' about? We're not so different, you and I. The games we play, we chose because they make us feel powerful. So, what do you have, special agent Morgan? Prove beyond a reasonable doubt that I have broken the law. But don't you sit there with that smug look on your face and judge me, boy. First of all, I am not your boy, and this look on my face is a look of contempt, because you disgust me. You and I are nothin' alike. When we do find this, friend of yours,</i> there isn't a jury out there who won't find you guilty. - How's it goin' in there? - We're just tradin' punches. He's watchin' the clock, waitin' for his bail to be posted. - I can't thank you enough. - You don't need to. I just wish I could have done a better job for you. What's goin' on? Steven cleaned up the mess outside. - Why? - Andrea, don't be rude. It's OK, Sharon. I like to help out a friend whenever I can. I didn't even know you and my dad were friends. Look, I know how hard this must be for you. Just know your dad is gonna be home soon. People are gonna forget this ever happened. Everything's gonna go back the way it was before. Have a good day. - Thank you. - Somehow I doubt that. - What was that about? - Why is he so nice all of a sudden? This is exactly what those F.B.I. people said to look out for. I will not have you alienate the only person who's been kind to us since your father was arrested. You understand me? - Something? - One day, the partner wrote, "I feel like such an outsider. No one understands me. "I watch them chase their little spawns, the same old conversations. "Nothing stimulates me." - Sounds like a party with kids. - And somebody wasn't happy to be there. "I looked over, and everything changed. The only spark in my day." This is it. It's buried, but he's talking about their 1st met. "I looked across the room, and everything changed. "The only spark in my day." "It feels so good, so free, so right." You moved here 6 months ago. You met him some time after that, didn't you? Thanks, man. Here you go, buddy. - Thank you. - Welcome. - Will Harris. - Steve Baleman. Saw you movin' in last week. - You all unpacked? - For the most part. But my wife Sharon, she's, she's amazing. She takes care of the house. I take care of the rest. That's a good woman. Let me tell you, took me a while, but I finally got Annie trained. Hey, sweetie. You're a lucky man. - What do we have here? - Thank you. You're too kind, ladies. Most people around here would be pretty excited about this plain old burger here. But it's really nothin' special. Well, a good piece of meat would be nice. Stick to your bones. Bloody rare and tender. Well, variety is the spice of life. I couldn't agree more. Cheers. - You think that's funny? - No, I just remembered something. I hope you enjoy, because they're all you're gonna have in prison. You know what you are? You're lost. You've been runnin' from yourself your entire life, tryin' to disappear. Did I say something that upset you? What'd you think you were gonna do, man? What, if you got away from Atlanta, all these little urges, they'd just go away? So you go find another posh little uppity neighborhood, and you think it might make you feel a little better? Make you feel whole, more complete? Didn't work too well, though, did it? Nothin' seems to make William happy, not even his beautiful wife and daughter. But then you wake up one day, and there he is, Somebody just as sick and pathetic as you are, and your whole world changes. Is all this about that black comment? You really think that we're the same because of our skin color? That's all we have in common. You hurt innocent people. I don't. You're not even a man. - That a fact? - That is a fact. If you had anything, I'd be in a cell by now. You will be. Shouldn't be outside, Andrea. It's not safe. Oh, wait. Your dad's in jail. We have nothing to worry about. - What's your problem? - My problem? I'm not the one with the freaky family. - Shut up. - Is that why you moved from Atlanta? - Your dad was rapin' girls there too. - He didn't do it. That's not what the newspaper said. You know, you're about the same age as those girls. I bet he started with you. - What's goin' on over there? - Nothin'. Everybody needs to go home right now. Loser. - You OK? - Yeah. They're just being jerks. Now, look, I saw your mom was gone. If you need any company, I'm around, OK? I'm fine. Really. Really. We need to figure out where that party was. Let's review one more time. I'm a serial killer writing my partner. - Why do I keep a secret blog? - It's a safe way to relive your crimes. No one ever sees you together, and, no one overhears you talking. I'd buy all that. Sounds like they take turns surprising each other. Listen to this. "I love the challenges. "The timing is always perfect. Thanks for tonight. "It was tough, but I figured it out. Nothing was gonna keep me away." What are you thinking? - They never write about a time. - So how'd they know when to meet? Steven, what are you doing? Don't walk away! We need to talk about this! I told you, leave me alone! What have we got? The victims were abducted at different times of day. It was never consistent. One was taken on Thanksgiving morning when she went to the market for her mom. Except the blog, there is nothing else suspicious on Mr. Sneaky's phone or his computer. All texts, numbers, and files have been accounted for.</i> - What did they do to communicate? - We're missing something. We know based on the language and the knowledge of the area that the partner was most likely born and raised in Florida. OK, let's work with the theory - that the partner lives in Sarasota. - They don't call. They don't write. The signal could be something visual, or audible. If it's visual, that could be a flag on their house.</i> If it's audible, they'd have to live close enough to each other to hear it. Something audible. Something you can hear. What if... What if they're not writing poetry to each other?</i> What if they're writing lyrics to a song? "This feels so good, so free, - <i>"so right."</i> - Give me something else. "It looks so right. It's all I need tonight." I found it. Garcia, that's it. That was playing when we pulled in to the cul-de-sac. It was coming out of a car. That's how they knew to go back to Missy. The partner lives nearby. They met at a neighborhood party. Garcia, we need to know which neighbor it is. The parameters. A white male. - Married, with children. - He's either got a good steady job,</i> - or he owns his own business. - He's lived in Florida his entire life. Within close proximity to William, there are 7 white males. 5 are married with children. 2 were born and raised in the sunshine state.</i> One is on disability. One owns a real estate business. Oh, my God. He lives right next door. Steven Baleman. Steven Baleman. Are you following me? Are you? He was angry and just took off. - Why was he upset? - He's been like this all day. - When did it start? - I don't know. This morning. So after William was arrested, he became hostile, didn't he, nervous? Steven is a good man. He's not who you think he is. - Did you see Andrea out here? - No. Why is Annie crying? We think that Steven is William's accomplice. - Where's he? - We're trying to figure that out. Oh, my God. Andrea said it was strange that he was the only nice one. He was checking in on us. I wasn't listening. I'm sorry. Now they're both gone. It's time you talked to William. No, Steven Baleman is not just your neighbor. - And you know this how? - You told us. Those don't prove anything. And after all this time, you figuring out who my neighbor is, feels like a really small victory. Where did Steven take Andrea? What are you talkin' about? She suspected him, and now they're both missing. How could you? She believed you. They're missing? All those times you disappeared, I knew it wasn't work. I thought maybe, maybe you were having an affair, And I couldn't confront you, because then that would make it real. Then I'd have to find the truth buried in your lies, And you have been paid to lie for so long. It is who you are! All of this is almost too much. It's too much for anybody to put up with. But it's almost over. I didn't put up the house. You... you didn't post bail? I didn't wanna believe it in Atlanta, and I'm not gonna deny it again. Now, where did Steven take Andrea? Where is she? Where is... You son of a... you son of a bitch! How'd that feel, William? You see what you're doin'? Kim Groves, your words... "The first few hours are the best. "Nobody's run out of steam yet." Andrea's been gone for 2 hours. What's he doing to her right now? What is he doin', William? Touchin' her? Maybe he's bitin' her? This is what he does when you're not around. Your little boyfriend is twisted, and now he's got your baby girl. You know better than us. Has she been in pain this whole time? Steven took your daughter. The man you trusted with your life has betrayed you. What, is nothin' sacred to you? So Steven has a couple of commercial properties, but so far, there's nothing. Only he knows where Steven took Andrea. I can't believe he sold out his daughter to protect his partner. He's protecting himself. The minute he says anything, he's guilty. What was it you said about Missy? Man, turn around and look at me! For every minute that goes by, he's alone with her, right? Well, it's Andrea's turn now. What's wrong with you? Why aren't you tryin' to run out that door and save your child? You think he's not gonna hurt her? Why? Did you make some kind of deal? Family's off-limits? The longer you are in here, the worse it looked for Steven.</i> He think you're in here betraying him, so now he's actin' out.</i> He's lost faith. He is alone with your little girl. She's cryin' out for you, sayin', "daddy, why aren't you helpin' me?". Why? Because you're standin' here, doin' nothin'. William... You're the only person who can stop this. Be a man. For god sakes, be a father. - Dad, thank God. - You're gonna be OK. It's Steven. It's Steven. I don't know where he went. I'm gonna get you out of here. - Did he hurt you? - Did you think I'd hurt her? That I'd betray you? Or is that because that's what you did to me? I didn't tell them anything. You didn't tell them anything? Dad, what are you talking about? Wait. How did you even know that I was here? Andrea, honey, trust me. Daddy's gonna make it OK. OK? - We had a deal. - Faith should never be broken. - You took my daughter! - She followed me here! She never would have said anything. I never would have said anything? Honey, Andrea, please. Just... just trust me. Trust me, OK? So how'd you get out? The case... the case was dismissed. Oh, really? Simple as that? You killed Missy Dewald while I was in custody. They couldn't hold me.</i> He talked about Missy. So he killed Missy Dewald, and what? What? You killed all the others? - Honey, please. - No. Don't... don't come close to me. I had your back. What were you gonna do? What if I hadn't shown up? Were you gonna kill her? - F.B.I.! - Don't move! You're under arrest! Don't even think about it! Mom. Get me out of here. Get me out of here. OK. You're gonna be OK. - I wanna go away, OK? - OK. I promise, baby. The guy wanted just to see his partner again. They needed to say good-bye. Those two had everything figured out except how it would end. British historian