It is notjust me,right? - Our girl'sgot an arm. - Yeah. Oh. Just like her dad. Look at her. We blinkedand 4 years went by. So,what do you think? Should we do this again? Sounds like a plan. Uh-oh. Who's coming?Aah! Ah.So,what doyou think,katie? You want a littlebrother or sister? Yeah?Well... the boss has spoken. Ok.Well,you go get her, and I'll go get lunch. Ok. My daughter molly. She's 6. She's got braids,yellow sweatshirt. - What am I gonna do? - Ok,ok.Calm down. Braids,yellow sweatshirt. We were playing hideand seek up here. She must have gotten lost in the trees. Oh,god. I'm so stupid. Tom! Tom! Shh,shh,shh! Wait. Did you hear that? It came from over here. Molly? Honey?! Daddy's here. Molly. No. Did you find molly? Is she ok? Mommy,wake up. It's past 10:00. Ah!Damn it. Why did you let me sleep? Why don't you getan alarm clock? - Did you eat? - Pizza. - And the baby? - Pizza.And milk. Get some sleep,jay. Hey,I'll bring yousome pancakes. Yeah. When? Hi. Want company? Hi. F.B.I. Headquarters QUANTICO,VIRGINIA Come in. - Hi. - Hi. - Agent hotchner? - Yes. I'm agentemily prentiss. How do you do? Oh,you're ambassadorprentiss' daughter. I did security clearances for your mother's staff. It was oneof my first commands. I believe you were off to brown at the time. - Actually,it was yale. - Ah. I've been in the bureau almost 10 years now. Don't tell me that. Has it been that long? Apparently,sir.But I work mostly in the midwest.St.Louis,chicago. Good. - Your parents well? - Yeah,yeah,they're great. Excellent. What can I do for you? Uh,well,I guessI was hoping you could tell mewhere to put my stuff. I'm sorry? I'm supposed to starthere today... at the bau. There's been a mistake. - I don't think so,sir. - There's definitelybeen a mistake. Excuse me. We'regetting started. Thank you. I'll be right there. I didn't approve this transfer,agent prentiss. I'm sorry for the confusion, but you've been misinformed. But--excuse me. It's very goodto see you again. did you approveany transfer? No. I would'vediscussed it. That's what I thought. She's got the paperworkto join the team. - You want meto make a call? - No.I'll make it. St.Louis is in trouble. They've got 2 serial killers. This killer abducts his victims from public places,dumps them in the woods. They consulted us months ago after the third murder. Well,now it might beup to 6. Ellen carroll's been missing since yesterday. The first 2 victimswere found near mill creekin mark twainnational forest. No wonder it takes daysto find the bodies. The forestis 1.5 million acres and 78,000of that is wilderness. What's the storywith these women? 8 victims. All prostitutes. Latest is marci mitchell. She was killed last night with a .44 magnum. All are tiedto a serial shooter claiming responsibility. He's contactedjim meyers, a reporterat the missouri herald. So he's not getting the attention he thinkshe deserves. He signs itthe hollow man, names himself for the press. Why hollow man? What,he feel emptyinside or something? He uses hollow pointbullets. No one even knewthis guy existed until he sentthis letter. Well,he's killedmore victims, but lookwho he's chosen. Hundreds of victimsgo unnoticed because they'resocial outcastsand never makethe front page. When mill creek kills,the hollow man shoots another prostitute. So one doesn't want to be outdone by the other. Sounds likesibling rivalry to me. They've been killing independently of eachother for a year now. Each kill they'relearning something... from the other. No Woman is Safe -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET - colleen3684 -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> Criminal Minds Season 2 Episode 09</font> Elbert hubbert once wrote,"if men could only know each other,they would neitheridolize nor hate." Thank you. What's wrong? Did you know there areroughly 30 serial killers at large in the U.S.At any given time? It's an incredibly rare occurrence to have themoperating in the same city. - How many timeshas that happened? - To my knowledge,3 times. There was a guy killing at the same time as the son of sam. And then againin new orleans, and most recentlywith the phoenix murders. Serial shootersare typically loners. This guy likesto kill at night. His victimsare prostitutes,so he may lack confidence with womenor have poorsocial skills. No rape. The guycould be impotent. He's a wannabetough guy. It's not hard to be  tough holding a .44. The gun gives him power and lets him maintaindistance from the kill. This guy doesn'twant to touch the bodieswith his hands. Mill creek killer. Hunts during the day, targets educated,middle-class women. He'd have to lookand act like they do. The women die from blunt force head traumas. This guy wantsto be close, he wants to feel the lifeleave their bodies. These guysare polar opposites. Just like their victims.They live in the samecity but they'reworlds apart. I'm gonna see ifthe shooter's victims have any familiesI can talk to. That's a good idea.I'm already familiar with the mill creek case. Reid,can you takea look at the letter for handwriting analysisand psycho linguistics? - Of course. - Looks like I'm with you. I'll go aheadand talk with ellencarroll's husband. I'm meeting jim meyers, the reporterfrom the missouri herald. Well,tell him not to write about the hollow man. If we want to drawthe shooter out, best way to do that isto act like he doesn't exist. I'd feel much betterwhen you find ellen. Mr. Carroll,believe me,we are trying. You know,when you have kids,you become so fixated on where they areand what they're doing, you don't thinkyou need  to worryabout your spouse. I understandyour wife is a partnerat a law firm. Now aside from work,taking care of the family, does she make timefor herself? She's an avid runner,participates in the st.Louis marathonevery year. Is she shy,nervous about meeting new people? Ever since we had katie, I'd say she'smuch more trusting. You don't rememberher talking to anyone you don't knowat that playground? No. No one. How did I not seesomeone take my wife? Mr. Carroll,the man who did this, somehow he justfits right in. He doesn't look or sound like he doesn't belong. Oh,hey,little lady. Hey. She keeps asking me, when her mommy'scoming home. I don't knowwhat to saY. I missed you. You are so beautiful. Agents hotchnerand reid,fbi. - What do you want? - We'd like to talk to you. Hold thatbadge up again. We're here to talk to you about marcie mitchell. - I'm her mother. - I'm sorryfor your loss,ma'am. What's this? They're for me. Take your brother inside. - Is this about mom? - I said inside. You gonna judge meor ask questions? Is there anyone who can help youwith the kids? Is that whatyou came here for? Ma'am,we'vejust been assigned your daughter's case. We're in the processof gathering information, but so far no witnesseshave come forward. Well,around here guns go off like those damn car alarms--every 15 minutes. Nobody'sstupid enough to talk, nobody cares. We do. You wouldn't even behere if it wasn't for them. "Heinous crimes against upstanding membersof the community." Nobody writes about prostitutes being shot because they won'tadmit they think they'recleaning up the place. You're right. Caseslike your daughter's usually go unsolved. The problem is peoplearen't looking for them because they don't knowthat they're missing. Part of her job was to stay below the radar. Doesn't mean she wasany less important. She made bad choices. But she was a good person. She loved those boys. Whoever shot her should pay for what they did. So don't come in here and say you're sorry. Just dosomething about it. We will,Ma'am. Hi. You must beagent sheridan? - Agent jareau. - Hi. - Really appreciateyou coming so quickly. - Yeah. Why don't youset up in here? Oh,wow.You've gotlots of evidence for the mill creekkiller case. - What aboutthe hollow man? - Right here. There's beenat least 8 women shot. This is all we've got? You know thesecases don't generate much evidence. All we have at the scene are a couple of bulletsand no one's talking. Well,hopefully,we can change that. Agent jareau,there's a reporter here to see you. - Thank you.Excuse me. - Sure. Jim meyers.Hi.Agent jareau. We spoke on the phone. Hi. Thanks for stopping by. Sure. Here's thatletter I faxed to you. Oh,great. So,did the hollow manshoot those prostitutes because I wrote aboutthe mill creek victims? He would've killedthem anyway. But right now he'slooking for recognition. That's whyhe's contacted you. But I'm not in any danger. I mean,I don't wantto be staring downthe barrel of a gun. Right now he needs you.You're his only hope toget on that front page. You know,I had no ideaI could get on a serial killer's radarby writing aboutanother one. We're going to ask thatyou not print anything relatingto the hollow man orthe women he's killed. Don't those victimsdeserve just as much inkas those other women? Of course they do. But we needthe shooter to keep communicatingwith you. And if you satisfyhis need for attention, he could disappear,and I'm sorry. We just can't takethat chance. Excuse me,agent jareau? We just found ellencarroll's body. Agents gideon,morgan,this is agent sheridan. - How are you? - Forgive me. How faris the abduction itefrom these woods? About 40 miles or so. He tried to hide itpretty well. He covers the bodyvery carefully. Must feel remorsefor killing them. This lipstick's beenapplied recently. It's still moist. Look at her hair. It's been brushed,put behind her ears. She was abducted,what,an hour from here? Draggedthrough these woods? Her hair would notlook like that. So he keeps her safefrom the elements and then comes backfor the body. That's why he chooses a secondary locationthat's so remote. - This isn'tabout remorse. - No. - He wantsto be alone with her. - Needs his privacy. You never noticed the hair or the makeupbefore? No. Maybe it wasthe timing. She was foundwithin 24 hours,and the others had alreadysuccumbed to the elements. Sex actswith dead bodies are rare occurrences. However,bundy did it regularly. So how is thisgoing to help usto catch him? Now we knowhe has a ritual. He needs to defilethe bodies. Next timewe'll be herewaiting for him. Sixth Victim Falls to Mill Creek Killer We're off-duty just like you. 2 victims at once. That's a first for him. You think he wentout looking to kill more than one woman,or is it just happenstance? He chose a differenthunting ground. Yes,we're in an alley,but we're behind an expensive hotelin a nice neighborhood. You get a differentclass of prostitute, ones that don't walkthe street alone. He was lookingfor a challenge. Question is,what gavehim the confidence to stray outof his comfort zone? Make sure to runthat for prints. He displayed the newspaperbetween them. He took the time when he could've just tossed it aside. It's deliberatE. He wants us to knowhe's angry. Angry enoughto change his M.O. I heard there was a double homicide this morning. Was it hollow man? - Agents are confirmingthat now. - I've written about him. There's no guaranteethat he would've stopped killingif you would've giveninto his demands. In fact,media attention could've fueled himto kill more. We don't knowthat for sure. This is all justa guessing game,isn't it? No. It's behavioralanalysis. We're dealingwith an offenderwho believes that murdering peopleis a good wayto become famous. All I know is thatyou told me to ignore himand he takes 2 lives. If I dismissthis double homicide, what happens tomorrow? We won't knowuntil then. Too bad we couldn'ttrace any printsfrom the newspaper. What have you got? he only sent thisto an individual, which shows he'snot confident enough to initiate contactwith the masses. Emotional indicators are analyzed through slants. The shootermaintains vertical, narrow-lettered writing,both signs of repression. And the pressure,if you look closely, is excessively heavy, which showsthat he's uptight and caneasily overreact. You got all thatfrom his handwriting? Graphology is an effectiveand reliable indicatorof personality and behavior. My writing'salways different. That's because itexpresses your emotionsat that given time, just likeyour facial expressionsparallel the wayyou're feeling whileyou're speaking. I'm surprised this guywrites in cursive. His message is so clear. I would've thoughthe'd print everything. Actually,his connectedwriting shows that he deals with problemsin a practicaland direct manner. - Like shooting someone. - Exactly. The hollow manuses simple statements, all first person. For example,"I won't be ignored." He's obviously tiredof feeling this way. It's quite possible he'sgot a job in solitude or one that he feelsstrips him of his identity. His job might require himto wear a uniform, something that showsabsolutely no individuality. Or he may be overqualified for his menial job and feels that he doesn't get the respectthat he necessarilydeserves. But todayhe's killed 2 women, which tells ushe's growing confident. This makes himunpredictable and dangerous. And because he hasno physical contactwith his victims, it's going to make himthat much harder to catch. We have more informationon the mill creek killer because he spendsa lot of timewith his victimsbefore and afterhis kills. Because his victimswillingly follow him in broad daylight,he appears harmless. - He's mostlikely handsome. - Handsome? Yes.These women wouldn't follow an unattractive man.They just wouldn'T. He's handsome,and he's got the socialskills to trick his victims. Those who know him well,they'd be shocked to learn that he'sthe man that we're after. He's been ableto get his victims awayfrom family,friends. Obviously,this makeshim feel powerful. If this guy is so smart,why would he risk driving his victimsfrom the abduction siteto the woods? Because of the ritual. It's become the mostimportant thing to him. Dominates his thoughts. Bullets providethe privacy he needs. The hollow manis motivated byexternal pressures. This is a guy who simplywants attention. The mill creek killer,on the other hand, he's drivenby internal forces. He's a sexuallymotivated offender. Now,this makes hima lot more predictable but don't think for a second it makes himany easier to catch. Where are you? Excuse mE. Meredith dale. 25. She was supposedto meet her friend for a bike ridebut disappeared. - Disappeared when? - An hour ago. - How can we be sureit's him? - Well,look at her. She's his type physically, she vanishes into thin air. It's got the mill creek'sM.O.All over it. I'll set up road blocks in and out of the forest. Well,based onthe other timelines, we have to assume he's hidingher body right now. Best chanceof catching himis find meredith dale's bodyand sit tight. We know he'll be back. I'm going to need you to step out of your vehicle. - What's going onhere,officer? - Just routine check. - Can you open your back? - Uh,yeah,sure. Many people come throughhere today? - What are youdoing up here? - Went for a hike. No water,no supplies? My bootsare all I need. That it? - That's it. - Ok. What if these dumpsitesaren't random? The bodies werescattered all over. Look at this. There's no pattern. No,I see that,but we're talking about a lotof area to cover here. He had to havesome kind of plan going into these woods. Must have done his homework. Ok.The first bodywas found deep into the woods. That's a 3-hour carride from the city. The first time,he's more carefulin disposing of her. Her body was discovered by a forest ranger5 daysafter the abduction. And all the other victims--look at this¡ª they followthe same pattern. What are you saying? You think he worksup there? He might. All I doknow for sureis that he has to be familiar enoughwith these woods to know when a rangeris on duty. He knew preciselywhen and where to drop the bodies. Now that is an awesome place to dump a person. - Come on,garcia. - What?I'm justsaying,angel fish. A million acresconverts into over 2,300square miles to cover. Evil knewwhat he was doing. Yeah?Well,now so do we. Talk to me. How's the rangerschedule break down? Ok.The national forestis divided into 6 ranger districts, which are patrolledevery 3 to 5 days. Now,the potosi-fredricktown area must be where he'sheaded to next because the rangers werejust there yesterday, which means they're notscheduled to revisit itfor at leastanother 3 days. And look at that, it's the district closest to the city. Well,that makes sense. He's in a hurry. He wantsto get in and out of there without a lot of trouble. Which area has the easiest access to the main road? That would be... saltgrass cove. Saltgrass cove. Yep.He'd have plentyof time to revisit her. What?No,no.I don't want to know that.Bye-bye. Think I know where he took meredith dale. Brownie,come here. Damn it. Please,please. Everything needsto look the sameas when he left it. - He'll come back. - He needs to seemeredith again. This bastard has killed 7 women on my watch. - Comb the scene! - Oh,no.Please,please!Stop! Let's clearthe immediate area. Post yourselvesalong the perimeter. It's imperativethat you become invisible. He set his own trap. What we need to do now is stake out in the woodsand hunt him, just like he doeshis victims. That's got to be him. Fbi!Stay down! Hands whereI can see them. Ok,ok. Just take it easy. Jim meyers. What the hell? - You'rethe mill creek killer? - What?No. Then how the helldid you get here? I got another letter from the hollow man. Telling you exactly where to findmeredith dale? I swear. You can read it. "Follow the cottonwood trail throughsaltgrass cove." Wait a minute. We just figuredthis out ourselves. How can another killerknow the specificsabout someone else'sdumpsite? What's going on? It's going to beall over the news. Looklikethe hollow man didn't give youthe exclusive this time. So our plan to catchthe mill creek killer was ruinedby the hollow man? And now the hollow man'son a high. He hasn't pulledthe trigger since he took2 victims yesterday. Is he satisfied or is he just getting started? We'll find out. "Hollow man helps fbifind the mill creekkiller's victim." Nice.He's alerted the media and injected himselfinto the investigation. He's getting the attentionhe's been craving. But if the shooterreally wants to getthe other guy arrested, he would've called usand not the media. He must knowthe mill creek killer needsto revisit the body. If he can't defilethe woman again,the need'll become so strong,it could pushhim into a frenzy. And if that happens,this guy is just a time bombwaiting to explode. Excuse me. Hi. Look,I'm having a day. My car won't startand I forgot my phone. Could I use yoursto make a call? Yeah. Ok.I know it's here. I just used it. What,you know what? Forget the phone. Maybe it'll start for you. Walk with me. It's rightaround the corner. - No,that's ok. - No,come on. No. No! - Walk with me. - Let go of me! - Now! - Let me go! Help! Help! Somebody! Somebody!Help,please! Somebody! Please! - At first he seemedso normal. - Was he handsome? - Excuse me? - Was he handsome? Yeah. He was. Actually,that'swhy I stopped. When didhis demeanor change? After I refusedto go to his car. He grabbedmy arm so hard I thought thatit would break. I've been watching the newsabout all these women being abducted,and I just started screaming. You trustedyour instincts. Because of that,you're still alive. Miss,there's a sketch artist here with us. He can create a prettyaccurate rendition from your descriptionof this man. - Would you sit with him? - Absolutely. officer. - I'm glad you're all right. - Thank you. Well,he's becoming irrational and violentin public. That's exactlywhat the hollow man wanted him to do. Well,if he doesn'tfind a victim soon, he'll becomemore dangerous. How's that possible? He'll dropthe ruse entirely and just startgrabbing women at random. Great. Thanks,man. The witness gota good look at themill creek killer. You know,if it'sthe hollow man's intentionto force himinto a frenzy, he's getting what he wants. He knew exactly where to find meredith dale's body. He figured out the route to the dumpsitethe same way we did. They always sayserial killers makethe best profilers. Yeah,butthis guy's dead-on. Yeah.The headline doesn't mention the shooter at all. We talked to jim meyers,the reporter, asked him not to respondto the letter, he doesn't,and thenthe guy goes out andshoots 2 more women. - In a betterpart of town. - What gives himthis confidence? What's the significance of the paper at the scene? We know he wantsto be newsworthy. He could've justtossed it aside. Instead,he displayed it. There's somethinghe wants us to look at. There's definitelysomething in the paper. I thinkI figured it out. What is it? They're talking. In the classifieds. classifieds,code names. This feels likean old spy movie. It's low-tech,simple,but very effective. They've beendoing this for months, and nobody ever knew it. This is the first onethat I found. The references arewhat made me suspicious. "Sunny,are you an artist too? I'd love to see your work sometime.Holden." Sunny? Holden? They're charactersfrom catcher in the rye. Widely acceptedas a loved bookof sociopaths. Mark david chapman quoted it after killing john lennon. Deranged minds identifywith holden's alienationand detachment. I found the initial contact. It ran in the paperunchanged for months. "We have differenttastes, but I can appreciate your art.Sunny." Sunny's the hollow man. He initiated contact. - What's he gettingout of it? - A mentor. Offered admirationand respect. In return,he gains encouragementand confidence. But when the hollow manremained unnoticedby the press, he resented his mentor and turned itinto a rivalry. Hollow man became jealous. They were both killers,but they weren't seen in the same playing field. What else did you find? "An overwhelming area and you never get lost?" Then the answerto this question. "I do my research." It's not so randomwhen you know the area. I like cotton woodin sgc." Sgc?He's talking aboutsaltgrass cove. - He told him howto find meredith dale. - Why? Teaching his studenta lesson. We understandtheir relationship. Let's use itagainst them. Hey,sweetness.Make me smile and tell meyou got a name. Oh,I got scadsof them,babe, but none paid for thesepersonal ads. They went with cash, totally old school. I hate itwhen they're smart. 2 separate accountsin good standing. Well,these guysare good. Thanks. Garcia saysthey coveredtheir tracks. How's it goingin here? Reid's imitatingthe hollow man'slanguage patterns to send a messageto the mill creek killer. He's offering condolenceson losing meredith dale. Well,if he can'tget to meredith dale, he's gonna needa body. He's gonnaneed it real soon. You guys worriedthat the hollow man's going to ruinour plan again? He wants the mill creek killer to get caught. The pupil's tryingto kill the teacher? Hope you're close,reid. You got less than an hour to meet the deadline. You'll be surrounded. Need you to relax... as best you can. This guy's going to wantto get close to you, and he's goingto want to examine you. He's going to wantto touch me? Since you're a gift,not a marked victim, he might tryto make you his own. But we're not going to let him get that far. We need him to getclose to confirmhe's the killer. There's nothing normal about this guy.Nothing. You have any questions? Let's do this. Ok. Down you go. Close your eyes. Try to relax. What do you think? Did it sound likethe hollow man? Hopefully the mill creekkiller will buy it. "Dear holden,they say imitation" is the highest formof flattery. "Since you were almostin harm's way, "I thought I'd sharesome art. Should make youfeel better. here's my gift to you.sunny. Hello. Fbi! Get down!Stay down! One down,one to go. Stop right here. It's going to betough to pushthrough this crowd. That's the idea. I'm getting out. Securea path to the door. Everyone,take a step back. Get back! What do you have to sayto the families of the women you killed? Do you have any remorse for what you've done? - You're going to hell. - You deserve to die! I've alertedall news outletsthat we'll be holdinga press conferencein 10 minutes. - And you havethe script? - Right here. Be sure to sayexactly those words. - The wording'simportant,jj. - Relax. It's notmy first party,boys. Gideon,we don't havemuch on mill creek, especially if he sayshe stumbled on the body. So what arewe going to do? I'll go tryand do my job. Ok. Thanks. You comfortable? As comfortable as anyonecan be in handcuffs. Let me see. I'm jason gideon. You know,I don'tknow your name or where you're from... the only thingwe do knowis you'rean intelligent,good-looking man with an inflated ego who happens to likekilling women. Well,you had metill that last part... agent gideon. Imagine how shockedI am, considering I haven'tdone anything. I see a woman whoI think is in distressin the woodsand I get... pounced on. Fbi wantsto interview you. Talk about your work. We never believed we'dhave you in custody. I mean,definitelythought the hollow man would be easierto catch. Is that upsetting? I thought the twoof you were friends, that you admired eachother's work and... I don't knowthe hollow man. But if I did,I'd say he sounds like an obsessed fan. Is that howyou see yourself, as somebody famous? Well,from what I've read about the mill creek killer,I'd say he's an artist. Fascination wasn'tcompletely one-sided. You did respondto his ads in the paper. No one can respectwhat the hollow man has done. He's got no imagination. But he's smart. Foundmeredith dale's body, even toldthe media about it. Whoever taught him, taught him very well. That's very true. It just soundslike the student turnson the teacher. No,no. He wasprotecting him. Is that what you think the hollow manwas doing? Well,what elsecould it be? Manipulating you, gaining your trust. When he got it, the hollow manset you up. You werefront page newS. Now you'd be a footnote. Hollow man's out there,you're in here. It's all because of him. Is that what you want? You want meto get angry to help you catch him? That is notyour problem,sir. Then what do you want? I have just have one question. If killing those womenmade you an artist, the thingsyou did to them afterthey were dead... what does that make you? I mean,really it... it just doesn't seemvery artistic,does it? You went back,you fix their make-up, you'd comb their hair. And you visited them... - over and over and over. - I didn't do that. If you thoughtyou were famous before, wait until the pressgets a hold of you-- - you shut your mouth. - Details of your visit. Shut your mouth. I never went back. You expect meto believe that you onlykilled those women? That it wasn'tyou who kept visitingthe corpses? We foundlipstick in your hand when we caught you. - You will nottell anyone that. - Excuse me? I said you cannever say that. - You didn't visitthe corpses? - No. - No,you justkilled them. - Yes. Yes. I killed them. But...but you can'ttell anyone... that I went back. You can't do that. The women of st.Louiscan rest easy tonight... after a long year,the mill creek killeris in custody. This manis highly intelligent and he usesa sophisticated rouse when luring these womenin public places. The mill creek killeris someone the bauwill want to study as one of the mostcomplex criminals we've dealt with in years. - Questions? - Yes? What's the fbi doingabout the other serial killer? We have new information about that case. We no longerbelieve the shootingsare related. - Yes? - What's the new information? We believe they areisolated incidents, and we're lookinginto the possibility that the last 2were copycats. Jim meyers? Are you referringto the killer who callshimself the hollow man? We believe the personwho wrote that letteris nothingbut a street thug. We have evidencethat indicates that the letterwas just a prank to throw us offthe investigation of the mill creek killer. This is no longera bau case. It lacks a certainsophistication,class, there'sjust nothing elegantabout it. That's all the questions we'll take for now.Thank you. Well,we set the bait, we'll seeif he takes it. Place your coins,keys, belts in the basket. Walk this way. Walk this way. Stepto the side,please. Extend your arms. Stay down. give your weaponright now. Get up. Where is he? I wantto see him right now. You tell himthe hollow man's here. He told youto say those things about me,didn't he? He told youto use those words. Get him out of here. I'm no lesselegant than he is. - I'm no copycat. - Shut your mouth. I left youthe newspaper! I gave youthe mill creek killer! What elsedo I have to do? Go! Get him out of here! This is the storyfor tomorrow. "they were our daughters, sisters,brothers,and friends." they have every rightto be remembered... and memorialized. *There are nonewho live downtown...* they didn't mentionthe shooter. He was a nobody whowanted to be somebody by killing people andthey didn't give him that. Good. Mahatma gandhi once said,"remember that allthrough historythere have been tyrants and murderers and for a timethey seem invincible..." *like ancient bruises...* "but in the end,they always fall. Always." *I'm awake to feel...* please tell meyou haven't been there for the last 4 days. I heard you wereflying back tonight. Heard?How couldyou have heard a thing like that? This was dropped offtoday. I appreciateyour interest,agent, but profilingis a specialty. We can't just letanyone who wants togive it a whirl. The I-80 killer? Co-eds in indiana? Yes,I read iton the plane. They aren'tblitz attacks. This guy's organized. He's a white male,early 30s, and a smooth talker, because evenafter 11 victims, he can still convince educated women who know there's a predator out thereto get into his car. How would youadvise the police? I would stake outthe ranch house, a night club in gary. They have a very popular ladies night on thursdays. If you look closely,you'll see that 8 outof the 11 victimswent missingon a friday morning. So something gets this creep's motor runningon thursdays. This isn't a whirl,agent hotchner. I don't know how thepaperwork got screwed up or maybe youbelieve my parents pulled some strings,which they didn't,by the way. I belong in this unit. And all I'masking you for is the chanceto show you that. I still needto look into this. I'm notpromising anything. Understood. We brief new cases every morning at 10:00 am. You can see facilities management about a desk. You won't be sorry. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET - colleen3684