It sounded urgent. It's really good to see you. It's been forever. Johnny, what's goin' on? It's about Matthew. - Benton? - He's dead. I didn't wanna tell you over the phone. How? His parents said that he had a heart attack. I'm sorry. - Had you seen him? - Yeah. A couple of times. - How was he? - He was Matthew. He was rambling, a little chaotic. - He was using. - I don't know. Probably. There's something you're not telling me. The last time I saw him, there was somethin' different. He was talkin' crazy, but the... the fear... I can't quite explain it, but I know it was real. What was he saying? He said, "Johnny, they're gonna kill me." - Who's "they"? - He wouldn't say. He said they already murdered a guy from Georgetown named Tommy "V" - and made it look like an accident. - Do you know anyone named Tommy "V"? Look, he's probably just being paranoid, but with what you do for a living now... You're one of the only people he ever trusted. My lord, it's kitties and poodles out there. - Did you hear it might even snow? - Can you find anything on Tommy "V"? If by chance you mean Thomas Valentine, age 35, found dead in his home from dehydration, as a matter of... - what's going on? - Is Hotch still here? - I'm pretty sure he lives here. - Thanks. What's wrong? I just found out that... An old friend of mine died. I'm sorry. Do you need to take some time? There's a chance that he could have been murdered, and there might be a second case. What do you need? - Just some leeway to check it out. - Of course. Anything. Thank you. Emily, if you wanna take a few days and let us look into it... Matthew was... incredibly messed up, and I hadn't seen him in a long time, but he was important to me. At least let us help. Thank you. Leonardo Da Vinci said, "he who does not punish evil commands it to be done." - Thanks for coming in early. - Where's Morgan and Prentiss? They're at the morgue examining this man, Matthew Benton, a friend of Emily's. She believes that his death - may be connected to that man's. - Thomas Valentine. Dehydration? - Did she know him? - No, but Benton seemed to think that someone was after both of them. One death was a heart attack. The other was from dehydration. - What's the connection? - I don't know if there is one. - Are the police investigating? - No, right now, - we're just helping a colleague. - So we talk to the families, see if there's anything suspicious. - Is Emily OK? - I don't know. That's why I sent Morgan to go with her. I'm scared. Don't worry. It'll be all right. Hold my hand? Always. Is it possible someone could have induced the heart attack? The easiest way to stop the heart is an injection of potassium. - I would have found traces. - There's no other way? I suppose it's possible he could have been injected with epinephrine. It wouldn't register, because clinically, it's identical to the natural adrenalin in the body. - Was he tied? - The wounds are superficial. Anything else out of the ordinary? He bled heavily from his nose, but with the damage to his septum, My guess is that it was prolonged abuse of cocaine or methamphetamine. - and what about the other autopsy? - He died of dehydration. There were traces of prescription antipsychotics in his system. I understand from his family, he had a history of mental illness. - Are these ligature marks? - Considering the self-inflicted wounds and the history of mental illness, the police didn't suspect foul play. So you have 2 bodies with ligature marks... - Each superficial. - But you just dismiss them? There's no medical reason to connect these deaths. I don't understand why the FBI is interested in our son's death. We were investigating another death recently under similar circumstances, And we just wanted to make sure that there's no connection. - He suffered a heart attack. - It's just routine. There's nothing routine about investigating a heart attack. Andrea, it's OK. I assume your investigation is drug-related. We're just trying to rule out foul play. May we come in? Of course. When I came in the house, I found him here in bed. - You two don't live together? - I'd taken the kids to my mom's. We'd been gone a few weeks. The doctor said he must have been in bed for days. May I ask why you took the children somewhere else to live? My husband was hearing voices. He was cursing God. I needed to protect them. Of course. Do you believe in the soul? I do. Well, I believe Tommy's is finally at peace. Do you mind my asking if you've been burning incense? After Matthew died, I burned some in the room - to cleanse it. - So he was living here with you? We were hoping he could turn his life around. We were in New York for the weekend, and when we came back, we found his body here. My son's soul was in the possession of evil. Do you have any experience dealing with drug addiction? - We see a lot of it through our work. - It's an impossible thing to watch happen to someone you love. Were you aware that in the days before he died, Matthew thought someone was going to kill him? Where did you hear that? One of our team members, agent Prentiss. - Emily Prentiss? - Yes, ma'am. She's the reason you're here? We'd like you both to leave. Now. I told you not to mention me. You didn't say it'd get us kicked out. Is there something we should know? Matthew and I met in Rome when we were 15. My mom was posted there. His parents didn't like us hanging out. - And they still hold a grudge? - They were extremely religious. - They thought I was a bad influence. - You? And that's it? That's it. We saw scuff marks on the floor underneath Thomas Valentine's bed, Almost as if someone had been tied up and struggled to get free. We saw the exact same marks in Matthew's bedroom. Has anybody been able to find any connection at all between them? According to my snooping, both Benton and Valentine traveled to Galicia, Spain, over the same week 4 months ago. - That mean anything to you? - No. I did the quick guidebook thing. There's a church there, Santiago de Compostela. It's visited by over 100,000 religious pilgrims every year. Did his parents say anything about him going on a pilgrimage? No, the opposite, actually. His mom said his soul was possessed by evil. What? Matthew had a thing about challenging the church. He could push it. When we were in high school, his mom and dad consulted a priest Because they were afraid he was possessed. I think in this case, she was talking about drugs. Are you sure? There's a pattern here. The talk about evil and the soul and scuff marks on the floor. What are you driving at? Drug addiction and schizophrenia are two afflictions most likely to present as demonic possession. - You think these were exorcisms. - I think it begs the question. Look, I know the bible just as well as anyone, I know there's nothing more open to behavioral interpretation than religion. Meaning what? I think it's dangerous for us to wanna find a connection between these deaths. Wait. Was Thomas' wife religious? She was concerned that he had been cursing god. Exorcism ritual can take days to complete. It's possible the stress induced could cause a heart attack, Especially in someone with a history of drug use. That would explain the timeline of someone dying of dehydration. Look, I'm willing to say that we might have an unsub who ritualizes killings as if they were exorcisms, maybe, but right now, we don't know if we have a crime yet. Morgan's right. We need to step back. Let me talk to someone before I have us all telling ghost stories. You know, they count all that stuff, Jimmy. Stranger. I know. It's been too long. So maybe after we speak, you'll let me take your confession? - Gonna strong-arm me? - You bet. So, how can I help you? What do you know about exorcisms? Well, they're controversial. The Vatican issued a new... exorcism rite in 1999, so nobody speaks out against it, but if pressed, not every... priest believes in demonic possessions. Do you? Let me put it this way. You believe that evil exists. - I've seen it. - So if children are born innocent, at what point does evil enter them? How common are exorcisms? Conservatively, I'd say 400 or 500 a year. Has anyone died in one? What's this about, Davey? I'm looking into the deaths of 2 men. Both were troubled. Each recently had made the same pilgrimage to Galicia, Spain. Each died within the last 2 weeks. And why do you suspect exorcism? Well, it's just a theory. One of our agents knew one of the men. She was afraid there might be some foul play. You agree? Would you know if one took place here in D.C.? If it's sanctioned, probably. If not? Then it's not a true exorcism. Thanks, Jimmy. The agent, did the information about the case come to her directly? Why? You open yourselves up to... understanding the worst monsters, and you invite evil into your lives. It's a vulnerable position. Meaning what? Take good care of her and you. - Are you OK, buddy? - I'm getting out. - We're not even halfway there. - I'm getting out. Man, close the door! Holy virgin of virgins... All holy angels and archangels, all the orders of blessed spirits, St. John the baptist, St. Joseph... - How the hell did you get in here? - I'm here to help you. Get the hell out of here. I cast you out, unclean spirit... I said get the hell out of here. Do not lay hands on me. Garcia got a call. 38-year-old white male found dead in his bed by his <i>fiancée</i>. - What's the connection? - She ran the name. Patrick Cavanaugh was in Galicia, the same week as Thomas Valentine and Matthew. - Do you know him? - No. - Seriously? - Yeah. What can you tell us? White male, been dead for hours. Medics think it was a brain aneurism. - You mind if we take a look? - Knock yourselves out. This is kind of startin' to freak me out a little bit. Let's figure out if we have a crime before we start freakin' out. - Obviously we have a crime. - How does an unsub induce an aneurism? Could be caused by stress. Yeah, like if you were restrained on a bed while someone tried to banish the devil from their body. All I'm sayin' is I think we should go easy. Can I help you? We're with the FBI. We're investigating a series - of unexplained deaths. - I don't understand. Had Patrick been acting erratically lately? He had a brain condition. He was getting headaches, wasn't acting like himself. Were you aware of a trip he took recently to Galicia, Spain? There's a church there called <i>Santiago de Compostela</i> we think he may have visited. My <i>fiancé</i> traveled a lot for work. I don't know everywhere he went. With all due respect, ma'am, I don't think you're telling us the truth. Excuse me? Did you believe Patrick was possessed? I'd like some privacy, please? Was someone trying to rid him of demons? - Is that how he died? - No. You really believe he had a brain condition? - You need to go now. - Because if you sanctioned an exorcism and he died, I can press to make you an accessory to murder. That is enough. Stop it. Let's go. I apologize for the intrusion. - What happened? - I think there may be a third victim. Is that what you think? I don't know. We have ligature marks, the Spain connection, and scuff marks under the bed. It's weird, definitely, but there's no way to physically connect dehydration, a heart attack, and an aneurism. - What's goin' on? - We've had a complaint. J.J.'s trying to smooth it over with the D.C. police, but we haven't been invited in on the case. That's how you have my back? - Prentiss, I'm trying to protect you. - I don't need protection. Hotch said he got a complaint, and he didn't come down on you. You realize that? You just dodged a bullet. We have to approach this like we do any other case. Meaning what? Grief can make us wanna believe there's a reason for things when there's not. That woman couldn't even use Patrick's name. She could only say, "<i>my fiancé</i>"? Because she's convinced something else died in that room that night. As far as the police are concerned, there is no open murder investigation. We have no reason to be investigating if they're not. They're right. All we have are three men who died - in 3 very different natural deaths. - So we just drop it? Do you really believe we're dealing with someone trying to exorcise demons? It doesn't matter what I believe. Possession, mental illness? Exorcist, unsub? Who cares what's true? People are dying. This isn't about religion. It's about evil. We attack it with analysis and diligence. For this unsub, it's a fight to the death. All hail the mistress of information. - You got somethin'? - You know I do. It's a posting from a web bulletin board by Matthew Benton to create a support group for people who felt betrayed by their faith. That helps explain how these 3 men came together. It gets better. The week the 3 of them were in Spain, the services at <i>Santiago de Compostela</i> were canceled when the priest there died. - Died how? - Heart attack. But if you listen to the conspiracy chatter, there is a strong belief he was killed to interrupt services - during the height of the pilgrimage. - How? Their best guess is some kind of gas, Sarin or VX, something that wouldn't show up in an autopsy. But it could be anything would induce stress, cause a heart attack. Then we have a motive. And a potential M.O., an eye for an eye. Without an invitation from the police, I cannot authorize an investigation. This has to be kept quiet. - So the police are not investigating? - Exorcism is a tough theory to sell. The police don't think the deaths are connected. But you do. You're gonna have to give me some time here. This is John Cooley. He was also a friend of Matthew's. I'm sorry. You saw him recently? Is there anyone he associated with out of the usual? Anyone overtly religious? Not that I'm aware of. I've been doin' my best to retrace his steps, but I still haven't come up with anything. Buy you a cup of coffee? I will call you if I hear anything. There are nicer places to take a girl for coffee. Did you ever see <i>The Exorcist</i>? The real case started right here. The fire department actually... burned down the house themselves. The authorities referred to the boy as Robbie Doe. - He's still in the D.C. area today. - Why did you bring me here? Whole lot of effort went into destroying the house of a kid, who probably had onset schizophrenia or Tourette's syndrome. - I'm not following you. - You're sure he was murdered. So what's the story? If you don't wanna explain, that's fine, but if you do, I'm all in. Matthew knew the bible inside and out, - and he started to question everything. - Why? We moved around a lot when I was a kid, 'cause of my mom's postings. It was hard to get accepted, and when you're 15, that's all you want. You'll do almost anything. You got pregnant. - Was Matthew the father? - No. I didn't know what to do. I couldn't tell my mom. Matthew suggested I talk with our priest. - And what did he say? - He said that if I had an abortion, I wasn't welcome in his congregation. - So what'd you do? - Matthew found a doctor. He took me there. He stayed with me. That Sunday when we got back to Rome, he held my hand and walked me into the church. Father Gamino actually stopped his sermon, but Matthew told me to hold my head up, and we walked to the front pew. What did the priest do? He and Matthew just stared at each other. It was like a battle of wills, and... and then suddenly father Gamino went back to his sermon. Matthew saved my life. He made me feel like I was worthy of... Love and... friendship. But that's when his anger and questioning started. He started doing drugs. When that melded with his religious questioning, You could understand why his parents were afraid he was possessed by something evil. It's my fault... that Matthew's life unraveled. Garcia uncovered some information. It's possible Matthew and the others killed someone in Spain. - I don't believe that. - I'm just saying if we keep pushing, you have to be prepared for what we might discover. I need Matthew to rest in peace. I owe him that. Then let's go give a profile. The police haven't invited us in. The police aren't gonna do us any good on this one, anyway. As I was saying to the agents, this is a topic on which we usually agree to silently disagree. And we all respect that. We are not here to examine your beliefs in demonology or exorcism, But we are operating on the theory that... the person responsible for these deaths does believe. We believe the inciting incident was the death of father Raul Del Toro in Galicia, Spain, 4 months ago. How so? There's an element who believes that the death was actually a murder. You're not suggesting that this is some kind of retribution? Even a priest can have a psychotic break. He may be under the delusion that he is working for God. The man we're looking for would be obsessed with the event in Galicia. He believes he's fighting evil and may very well have followed these men here to Washington. We believe that one of the exorcisms took place over enough days for the victim to die of dehydration. If I may, an exorcism is like a prize fight. It's completely draining, both physically and spiritually. Now, if this man truly performed three rituals within the last few weeks, he would need medical care. Is there somewhere he would go to convalesce? Anything less than a working hospital would be too dangerous. - Garcia, it's Reid. - <i>Speak, boy wonder.</i> I need you to run catholic hospital records. Look for any admissions for exhaustion</i> immediately following Patrick Cavanaugh's death.</i> - You got it? - You know I do. Now run the same search for the days immediately - following the first 2 deaths. - I sense a cross-check in my future. Do you have anything? One hit: father Paul Silvano. Currently at St. Agatha's hospital on 214.</i> We got him. Are you father Paul Silvano? Were you present at the deaths of Thomas Valentine, Matthew Benton, and Patrick Cavanaugh? I've been expecting you. He asked you a question. Yes, I was present. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say... What did he say? He wants you to look in the drawer. We're both fighting the same evil. What is it? It's diplomatic status. He has immunity? Explain to me why you were the last person in the room when three men died. I'm a priest. - I was there for them spiritually. - They weren't on their deathbeds. - Not physically. - Did you kill them? But you're not sorry any of them are dead. Physical death is always sad, but now their souls are in heaven. For that, their families have peace. Up until 4 months ago, his record's spotless. No history of mental illness, no censures. He was even invited to say mass at the Washington national cathedral. What happened 4 months ago? No details. Just says he took a sabbatical for personal reasons. 4 months ago is just after the death in Spain. It looks like he lobbied the Vatican for a diplomatic posting, but they refused. After that, he took the world hunger mission from the Italian government. Which brought him here with immunity. - Where's Hotch? - On the phone with the department. Gather the others. I'll be there in a second. Did you know... The priest who died in Galicia? Father Del Toro and I were at seminary together. Did you know that Matthew Benton and the other men were in Galicia the week he died? - Do you believe they committed murder? - I was contacted by a family member. He was frightened. He told me his real son never returned home from that trip. And you suggested that he was possessed. I said that I could help rid his child of evil. What did you tell the other family members after you watched their sons die, that it was god's will? I've never laid a hand on anyone with malice in my life. Then explain these deaths to me. You know the power of evil. You've been fighting it a long time. Be strong. The storm's almost over. Yes, sir. I completely understand. As far as I know, he's here voluntarily. Right. I understand it's a delicate situation. What'd he say? He claims he was invited by the families. And now he has them believing their loved ones are in a better place. And they're all devout. The people they loved were troubled. It's either believe they're in a better place or live with the guilt. It doesn't matter. We can't arrest him. - Can we deport him? - Probably not. It's crazy. Diplomatic immunity wasn't intended to shield people from murder charges. So Hotch bypasses the state department, goes straight to the Italian consulate. And loses his career. The state department won't risk the potential embarrassment. - They'll shut us all down. - There's some real politic for you. - So what do we do now? - Did you check his papers with ice? Yeah. His diplomatic status runs till the end of the month. - What? - He told Emily, "The storm's almost over". - So... - So forget priest. Think unsub. He's a believer. He deals in certainties. In his mind, he has a job to do. Which doesn't end until the end of the month. "The storm's almost over". There's another victim on his list. What caused their deaths? - Medically? - Yes. Please. - I can't say. - Were they under stress? We all were. - Did you sprinkle holy water on them? - That's part of the exorcism ritual. What was in the holy water? Sarin? VX? The smallest amount would trigger respiratory failure. - I'm not familiar with them. - No? Really? Because that's what a lot of people think killed father Del Toro in Spain. Father, you're free to go. We're sorry if detaining you has caused you any hardship. I hope you find peace. My office. Are you actually accusing the Italian government of authorizing this man's assassination list? He admits he was present at every death. The case is over. - You said you'd give me leeway. - And I did. I understand your frustration. There are some things that we cannot control. - Take some time off. - What? I don't wanna see you in the office for the next few days. You up for another drive? - What are you doing here? - Matthew died during an exorcism by father Paul Silvano. He's performed 3 in the last few weeks. Each subject has died. We believe he's planning another one. - That's none of our business. - Matthew's gone. You've accepted that. At least let us warn the last family so they know what kind of choice they're facing. This isn't about me. This is about other families and the people they love. Father Paul didn't kill Matthew. Why are you so willing to accept that? I'm just trying to find the truth about how your son died. Then listen to me. Father Paul never laid a hand on Matthew. How do you know that? Dad! And all your dark companions! Don't look him in the eye! Don't engage him! - Dad, please. - I cast you out... Dad, please! Don't look him in the eyes! I was there. You stood there and watched Matthew die? He wasn't the person you knew. Because father Paul said that? Something horrible happened on that trip to Spain. You believe that because father Paul said it. - You can't think for yourself? - Young lady, don't speak like that. How could you allow him to perform a ritual over Matthew? - I loved my son. - Then you knew how Matthew was. - You knew how paranoid he could be. - I was trying to save his life. That priest must have done something. His heart wouldn't have given out. That thing killed Matthew! It was inside him for years. - I know you know that's true. - No. Matthew was a sweet boy. He was just troubled. He was never troubled until he met you. Look, we need to know about the demon that possessed your son. Father Paul explained that Matthew was a conduit. If you opened yourself, you were putting yourself in danger of being taken over. Who else was Matthew with while he was in Spain? - I don't know. - Who did he see once he was back? - None. - Please think. If father Paul believes Matthew was a conduit, anyone he spent time with could be a target. He was not to see anyone until he was better. No, that's not true. I know for a fact he saw our friend John Cooley. His parents worked with my mother at the embassy in Rome. You called him to tell him Matthew had died. I haven't spoken with John Cooley in over 20 years, not since you were kids in Italy. - They're going to stop you. - They have no authority. My orders come from God. I'm not part of your congregation. You have no right to be here. You don't frighten me... Belial. We'll see about that. Murderer! - We need to talk. - What's wrong? - He's performing another exorcism. - How do you know? Prentiss and I went to see Matthew Benton's parents. - I gave her a direct order. - This one is all on me. That's fine, Dave, by the state department's all over my ass. - Where's Prentiss now? - She and Morgan went to stop it. - I can't protect them. - I don't accept that. Governments don't really appreciate being accused of accessory to murder. - Why not go straight to the Vatican? - What are we supposed to say to them? Say, "Talk to the Italian government. "Help us stop this man from perverting your beliefs." This comes down on all of us. I'm fine with that? You? You're a murderer! You're a murderer! I abjure you! - I will cast you out like the... - You're a murderer!Murderer! I abjure you in the name of the spotless... - Step away from him! - FBI! - Tremble and flee... - Step away from him! - As we call on the name of the lord. - Step away. - You have no right! - This is my friend's house. - This is not your friend! - Murderer! - Step away. - Stop! - What is in that bottle? - Stop! Out! Don't protect him. They didn't protect you when you were a little boy. Give praise to the lord jesus christ. John. I wanna untie you, but I need you to calm down. Look at me. It's Emily. John. All right, I'm gonna untie you. Just stay calm, OK? Emily, come on. I'm fine. No. Look at you. Stress can tear your body apart. That's what happened to Matthew. Emily, I'm sorry I wasn't there for you. In italy. OK, just let them do their job. Good-bye. I'll check on you later. If you want my gun and badge, I understand. There's a plane ticket in your name to Rome. Agent Morgan and I will drive you to the airport. Any of your belongings can be shipped to you. - You have no right to deport me. - The vatican intervened. The Italian government has rescinded your diplomatic status. They'll do with you as they see fit when you're back in their jurisdiction. You've all just made the world a much more dangerous place. I saw that guy up there. He was certain he was fighting against evil. - We all have to be certain. - Don't tell me you believe in evil. Don't tell me you do this job and you don't. I believe there are evil acts, but those are choices, brain chemistry. What do you think, Hotch? I think deep down, we're all capable of unspeakable things. Where it starts or what you call it, I don't know. Let's get him out of here. Always. What are you thinking? It's like <i>The end of the dead</i>... When Gretta remembers the boy she loved when she was younger and she says... I think he died for me. You know, James Joyce also said, "There is no heresy or philosophy so abhorrent to the church "as a human being."