I said, "there will be an explosion this morning" A bomb Oh,Sorry.Did you say A bomb,sir? -sir? -On a bus in the city where it all began Get my message out Message? What message? That this is only the beginning Until it is brought back under control, SEATTLE,WASHINGTON people will die Hey! Mornin',JJ How was your weekend? Yeah? Homeland security just reported a bomb threat for an unspecified urban area It was phoned into the national news network I'll call you back When? Last half hour They need a threat assessment asap -Get the team together -Yeah Sorry Did you say a bomb,sir? On a bus in the city where it all began Get my message out Message? What message? That this is only the beginning Until it is brought back under control, people will die In the last 20 minutes, virtually identical threats have been made to most of the coast-to-coast news networks in the country It's the same information just slightly different words So it's not a recorded message or script Displays a measure of confidence He could have easily just called one network This guy obviously wants attention It's typical behavior for a personal cause bomber One bomb has a finite impact-- it's just a little package Make bunch of phone calls,that magnifies my explosion 100 times We have the additional recorded calls being gathered for assessment Networks say the calls came from a restricted number 2 have given limited permission to trap and trace the lines if we should need to You got a news organization to agree to a trap and trace? Who could say "no" to me? This is not likely al-qaeda.They don't call unless they bomb something At homeland security's request, the networks are going to keep this quite until we've assessed the situation It doesn't feel like a hoax His voice is calm,resigned He's made his decision.He's committed to it Plus he said, "this is only the beginning" The beginning of what?And he also said, "until it is brought back under control" what's it? He has to call back And if this threat isn't followed by an event, no one will take any future calls seriously So, we're going to tell the media to go ahead with the story? Absolutely not Threats like this with an unspecified location will just cause tremendous panic Then what are we gonna do? Unfortunately,all we can do is wait Seattle WASHINGTON -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- Proudly Presents</font> Sync: YTET-cauorr Ð¡Ò°ÈËÍõ -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-</font> CRIMINAL MINDS Season02 Episode 08</font> Robespierre once wrote, "crime butchers innocents to secure a prize And innocence struggles with all its might against the attempts of crime" So seattle's where it all began We just need to figure out what it is And off the top of my head, I can think of grunge music and overpriced coffee That doesn't seem significant enough for terrorism It's a personal cause bomber It only needs to be of significance to him Agent nick casey,seattle field office S.S.A.Hotchner How do you do? This is dr.Spencer reid, S.S.A.Morgan, agent jareau,and S.S.A.Gideon Have you identified the device? Looks like a small pipe bomb attached to an umbrella I'd like to take a look at those bomb fragments as soon as possible I've got bomb squad experience As soon as they're catalogued How many people were on the bus when the explosion went off? 25 including the driver Explosion killed 2-- the driver and a young male Injured 7 A pipe bomb on a crowded city bus and only 2 people are killed? Had a relatively small charge The 2 dead were found closest to the bomb at the time of detonation Sylvia cohen,an elderly passenger, found the umbrella on the floor at her feet She said the young man volunteered to take it to the driver for her She's pretty broken up about it Have you vetted and debriefed the rest of the passengers? I have their info if you want to talk to them Did you get their positions? Sorry? Where they were on the bus? No JJ,Maybe you can recontact the passengers and map their locations Yeah,you got it Nobody saw anyone leave the umbrella? No But,you know,from the style it looks like,uh, remote detonator on the corner over there You say remote? Limited frequency remote -Like a garage door opener? -************************** That's awfully risky Anyone on this bus could have accidentally detonated the bomb just by pulling out of their garage He used a remote from the corner Did he want to be close enough to see what happened? Or did he need to be mechanically? Those remotes are pretty limited.He probably needed to be Then he might have been nervous Maybe that made him stand ouT I could set up a public service announcement encouraging anyone who was in the area of the time of the bombing to contact us Well,we do need a press conference But it'll be about getting this unsub to call us We're still trying to determine what happened Initial reports called it a bomb, but since no one has claimed responsibility, we can't rule out some kind of mechanical failure Supervisory special agent gideon will be handling any future communication on this incident If anyone has any information they feel might be helpful, please contact S.S.A.Gideon at the number appearing on your screen We will keep you posted with future developments Thank yoU Think that was enough? It will definitely stress him that his message isn't getting out What if he doesn't call? Reid and morgan are going over the device Maybe they'll come up with something You know,reid, the bomber could have bought this detonator at any old toy store You take a remote control car, plane,boat, attach a detonator like this to the motor, touch the remote, boom! Instant fourth of july How you doing? I'm derek morgan This is dr.Spencer reid We're with the B.A.U. Sondra atkins Cass or cassy works,too Bomb tech It's a really nice reconstruction Oh,it wasn't that hard Explosive was limited and the fragments were comparatively easy to locate Ok So tell me what else you got here? Well,besides the light explosive load,he used dry peas Dry peas He chose a shrapnel that wouldn't do too much damage outside of a limited range Why? What's he doing,trying to minimize his kills? It also has a picture enaved on it Right there It's robot with an arrow through it Anti-robotics? Doesn't the city center bus stop use smart buses? -Smart buses? -Yeah Hi-tech buses that use time sensors on the buses and the bus stops to give out arrival and departure times? Yeah Went automated last year So he's anti-technology Maybe Hey,dollface, ready to work some magic for me? Challenge me, you beautiful,behavioral analyst Domestic terrorist activity in the seattle area Ugh,morgan,I said challenge me Doesn't even raise my blood pressure Pacific northwest is,like,ripe with the disgruntled You have animal rights,zoning laws Specifically anti-technology? Ahh,yes My looney opposites Here's something! Month ago Tacoma,washington-- disguised young guy went crazy on a bunch of computers at a science lab, screaming, "we will soon be the slaves and the machines will be the masters" Yikes That would totally suck for me I'm surrounded in here Come on,what are you worried about? You got me to protect you Ha! Now that gets my blood up I'm uploading the video to you now What else do you have,garcia? I also found an article in the st Dennis university college newspaper Last spring, close to the school,an internet cafe was attacked campus internet cafe bombing attributed to fft brgade Someone created floppy disk bombs that went off in 4 of the computers No one was injured Who uses floppy disks anymore? Right,agent brain,that was the point of the attack They left a note, "ultimately,you'll be as obsolete as your graveyard technology" Is the note signed? "F.F.T.Brigade" I'm finding references to a freedom from technology brigade, a fringe group that's showing up lately Anything else in the note? Yeah There's A not very artistic drawing of what kind of looks like a robot with an arrow through it I'm uploading it to you now You know,seattle's the birthplace of some of the most cutting edge technology in the world Where it began I think we're ready to give a profile We believe the unsub resides in seattle All of the attacks,most of which have just involved property damage, have taken place here, and the timing and location indicate knowledge of the area Even though he escalated to a lethal bombing today, we don't believe that that was necessarily his intention In fact,anyone not directly next to the device received minor injuries So we think fear may have been the larger motive So he's a terrorist then He is But that's too vague of a description for our purposes Douglas and olshaker categorize bombers as criminal, group cause,psychologically disorganized, and personal cause bombers And we believe this guy to be a personal cause bomber And personal cause bombers are motivated by an underlying emotional conflict In an interview from prison, the unabomber,ted kaczynksi, admitted that while he was a graduate student at the university of michigan, he started having fantasies of becoming a woman Even got on a list to get a sex-change operation but, during a mandatory psychological exam prior to the procedure, he changed his mind He told the psychologist that he made a mistake From that moment through the next 3 decades of his life, ted kaczynksi carried out a campaign of isolation and murder This unsub is male He lives alone He's possibly self-employed He's highly organized He's meticulous And he's very smart And he seems odd to those who know him Angry,distant, prone to sudden violent rage This is not the kind of guy whose neighbors will be surprised to find out what he's arrested for This guy's neighbors will have no trouble believing it Targets appear to be technology,but not the hi-tech variety The kind of technology we're surrounded by In a city the size of seattle,we're talking 10,000 possible targets Agent gideon,you got a call on the tip line Ok, go ahead This is agent gideon Why did you say no one took responsibility?! I'm sorry We called them all-- all the networks-- before anything happened They didn't tell anyone?! Well,the networks are incompetent If you need to get your message out or you have a demand, I'm in a much better position to do that for you You have a name,sir? We're the F.F.T. Brigade No No No I mean you specifically What what can I call ya? This is not about individuals F.F.T.'S a major organization-- we have hundreds of members But you-- you have a name You may call me allegro So,allegro,let's meet somewhere We can talk about your message,uh, try to help you-- if the networks won't get our message out, then it is up to you It's your responsibility So call this number They'll put you through to me immediately I won't need to call again My message will be here when you arrive I'm sorry,when I arrive? What's that? Allegro? Hello? Allegro? Can you smell that? Same explosive,just more of it Yeah.And same detonation device,too The gas station closed 15 minutes prior to the explosion Fortunately, the worker had already gone home No casualties,an escalation in the size of the explosion, and a decrease in the number of victims We need to do a grid search as soon as possible What do I tell them we're looking for? Said his message would be here when we arrived Clear! It's a book Says,"manifesto" Bag it His manifesto's main demand is completely unrealistic-- stop all automated machinery that's replaced american workers within a week And if his demands aren't met, he says he'll detonate even larger bombs So we have an anti-technology bomber who so far has attacked computers,an automated cashier, an automated gas station, and a smart bus Who calls himself allegro Wh--what was that? He told me to call him allegro Of course yeah It's a book Yeah It ought to be No,no It's an actual book-- a novel I read it as a kid It's called empty planet by one-hit-wonder author david hansberry It's got it all-- technoids,minutians All that stuff's in there It's robots that take over the world once they figure out how to reproduce with humans Essentially,humanity's lost to technology And the hero of the book is a 12-year-old boy named allegro who builds an army and fights for the humans Morgan,have garcia get as much information as possible on the author of empty planet David hansberry? Uh,hansberry,yeah I'm on it There was a passenger on the bus yesterday, a dr.Emory cooke He's supposed to be some kind of computer genius, pioneer in artificial life Yeah,cooke He developed software that mirrors the human reproductive system Computers that can replicate themselves So maybe cooke was the target and not the smart bus If so,that would definitely be imitating events from the book Allegro and his army not only destroyed robots, but they assassinate the scientists that are responsible for creating them Dr.Cooke was sitting right in front of sylvia cohen And the umbrella was initially found underneath dr.Cooke's seat Yeah Thank you for coming so quickly,dr.Cooke People,particularly some religious fundamentalists, oppose the work you do Do you receive any threatening letters or phone calls from anyone about your work? Never Really? I've managed to put to rest certain anxieties about the godlessness of artificial life by openly sharing my own personal beliefs Which are? No scientific knowledge precludes the existence of god There are also those with very strong ethical concerns Ethical concerns revolve mainly around the manipulation of already-existing life forms My work is on creating artificial life, which presents far less ethical dilemma Not from the man that put the bomb on the bus yesterday He seems to be obsessed with the science fiction novel by david hansberry called empty planet Are you familiar with the book? I'm friends with the author The author of the empty planet used david hansberry as a pseudonym Come on,garcia,I know you got his name, so give it up Her name, you cute little chauvinist, is ursula kent, and she's a literature professor at oh,my In seattle,st Dennis university Where the floppy disc bombs were set Uh-huh Oh,you are the light of my life,sweet lady Íô!Íô!Íô!Íô!Íô!Íô! Drives me crazy when you talk that voulez coucher stuff to me Stop it *************************** Ursula kent is a brilliant woman She's a post-modernist literature professor Every semester I give a guest lecture in her class She--she's here? In seattle? Is that not what I just said? Sir,this guy reads empty planet like it's prophecy He's targeting what he considers threats to the survival of human beings, and I believe that he finds you one of these threats,dr.Cooke As I've said, I rather doubt that Do you think the fact that you were on that bus and you're friends with the author is a coincidence? A cognitive scientist at M.I.T. Once said, "coincidences seem to be the source for some of our greatest irrationalities" Our minds see coincidences and-- I understood him I'd like to attach a protective detail for you,dr. Cooke, until we find the guy No Thank you -Excuse me? -Really,now Do I seem like the sort who would want to be followed around all day by a government goon squad? I don't think so Goon squad? Ever talk to someone who wants to continually show you he's smarter than you? Everyday I really hate that Garcia found the author of the book David hansberry's just a pen name -The real name is ursula -ursula ken* The professor of post-modern literature at st.Dennis university where the floppy disc bombs were sent Hmm.Anyway,JJ'S contacting her We can go see her any time Let's go We need to stop by a bookstore and get a copy of empty planet I want to re-read before we talk to the author I haven't read it since I was 6. 6? I was still ridin' by big wheel at 6 years old Do you mind?It'll only take 10 minutes To buy it or read it? Uh,both,actually Have agent casey set up protection for dr.Cooke Like him or not,he's in danger He used a compression detonator Looks like it was under the seat Once he sat down,it arms Detonated when he released the pressure by getting up We wanted to make sure nothing went wrong this time Nobody moved the umbrella Hotch, gideon just talked to this guy Offered him security but he refused We were gonna set it up anyway I doubt it would have helped What do you mean? Compression detonator It had to have been set when he was with us or it would have detonated when he arrived at the field office I'll get security to start running tapes of the lab for the last 2 hours Good Gideon I'm glad no one but dr Cooke was hurt Dr Cooke wasn't hurt He was murdered Murder is not murder during war But this-- this isn't a war You're--you're you're livin' a novel , You're livin' a fiction - Will you meet my demands? - I can'T Stopping all automation at a week, you know that's impossible And I want my manifesto printed in the seattle ledger by tonight Not the new york times, washington post? Somebody in seattle important to you? There's more work to be done Much, much more In fact, I'm going to visit an old acquaintance right now I'd invite you, but you're all going to be very busy Got it It was the last copy left, According to the clerk, it's actually become a pretty popular novel in science fiction circles Hotch A suspicious package was found at the water works The report says it looks like a pipe bomb, We're on our way there now Ok, keep me posted Unsub says we're gonna be busy Got it Looks like a pipe bomb at the water works Are we gonna go there? No, we'll still go see professor kent Seatbelts Hello Ursula kent Hi My pleasure, professor kent Jason gideon, FBI This is dr.Reid It's a real pleasure to meet you I'm a fan of your work Well,that's very nice of you to say Um, we can speak in my office Lead the way Your book has become a significant part of our investigation So your colleague explained I can't imagine how, though Bomber sees it as some kind of prophetic work He's attempting to save humanity by stopping the proliferation of robotic technology Well, that's absurd He's written a document-like manifesto called a guide to practical living, and several sections of it are lifted directly from empty planet He's taken up what he believes to be your cause and he's killing people for the sake of it But empty planet is a fantasy Not to this man How could anyone think it's more than that? Unfortunately,it's impossible to predict how an unstable mind will interpret something And it's caused him to kill people? Do you know dr Emory cooke? Very well - He spoke to your classes? - Yes Dr Cooke was murdered by the bomber an hour ago No clear! It's safe now, Another small charge More meant to scare than to harm Definitely the same unsub Same signature Casey We'll get there ASAP There's another bomb at the post office Let's go Professor, what is that? this is something someone-- a brilliant man gave me a long time ago before he died Actually, it's part of the inspiration for empty planet James was a rather early alarmist about how much we were letting technology control our lives It's become a sort of talisman for me You wear it when you teach? Sometimes, yes This has been etched on the bomber's devices Oh, my god Bomber's written a manifesto he wants published, but not in the national newspaper He wants it published in the seattle ledger He wants someone here to read it Have you ever had a student you think might be capable of doing something like this? One of my students? Someone who hates technology ? I'm a post-modernist In my area of study,technological inventions are often viewed as art objects That's true,but oftentimes the biggest critics of technology are those with scientific backgrounds, and your students definitely fit that category I need you to read this Tell me if the writing seems at all familiar to you We'll wait Morgan Gideon, this guy's pissing me off right about now This is the fourth location in the last 50 minutes All of them have been very small bombs What kind of locations? Municipal Water works, main post office, social security office, and now we're at the main branch of the library Government buildings Nothing involving technology No, nothin' Then what's the purpose? Distract us, keep us movin' He's doing a damn good job, gideon,I don't like this at all We're chasin' this guy , We gotta do somethin' to get ahead of him Professor kent is reading the manifesto I hope she reads as fast as reid No one reads as fast as reid - Is this the syllabus for your class? - Yes Is it the same every semester? Mostly, maybe a book or project changed You only have 2 guest lecturers listed Yes Uh,dr.Cooke and dr.Brasier I always have those two, they're the only two I invite They speak to every new class Dr.Cooke is-- was an expert on artificial life, - and dr.Brasier - artificial intelligence Dr.Brasier have an office on campus? No, it's cross town at rolling hills Morgan,I may have something Hey,shelly I'm on my way to the symposium now Then save me a seat It's not rude Fine, then tell them A VIP Is coming and you'll lose your job if you don't save the seat How long ago did her assistant say she left? - Minutes - Good, maybe she's not in the car yet shelly,I'm the VIP Yes, I am - I don't care what you tell them - Stop the car! it`s long i can See, I'm tired and I need a seat ma'am! Stop the car! Listen to me, Do not touch the ignition, Put the car in park Ma'am, put the car in park, don't touch the ignition Don't panic - I'm FBI - FBI?! - Are you dr.Brasier? - Yes, I'm dr.Brasier It's her Girl, let me call you back Doctor,do not move Excuse me? I need you to sit as still as you can, please Damn it doctor, listen carefully You must sit as still as you posbly can, you understand? Why? There is a bomb under your seat Wait on the court Be of good courage and he will strengthen thine heart Doctor you're gonna be just fine He will strengthen thine heart Every device this guy has made has been fairly basic I'm guessing this is a simple lever action compression detonator Kinda like a door latch I'm gonna use this, put it between the latch and the seat bottom to depress the latch, and I think we should be ok - Should? - Well if there's mercury, we got problems Thanks, hotchc Yeah, I'm right here So? Bomb tech's just about ready Maybe we should get over there No, I think we would just be in the way What about morgan? He hasn't changed his mind Morgan? I'm ordering you to step away from the car Hotch, you know I respect you I'm not leavin' her You should listen to your friends don't do that Don't you turn on me, doc I'm right here With you Got it? Ok My girl is using one of my hands Now, cassie Yeah? You might the other one, so come on Do what you gotta do, let's do this Step back Thank you Aside from the sections of my novel that were blatantly plagiarized, I didn't recognize anything It's just page after page of the ravings of a lunatic Right now,a young man I greatly respect and admire is putting his life on the line because of that lunatic I'll look through it again Thank you You're gonna be just fine Wait on the lord, I say That was lucky Yeah, this one Yeah, they're ok Good Now blow the car up You're blowing it up? Best way to keep dr Brasier safe is by letting the bomber think he was successful in Killing herc Neighbors will hear an explosion, it'll be on the news You have a complicated life It's a complicated world I'm sorry I couldn't be more help Yeah, me,too Give the manifesto a little more thought Maybe something will occur to you without the pressure of us looming over you You could go back over your student list Think about the males Anything odd about them Guy probably had a temper Somethin' you maybe haven't thought about for years I've have my T A Pull the files May I ask you something, ma'am? Of course Why didn't you ever write another book? I guess it was the only story I needed to tell I'll be working in my office most of the night,Don't hesitate to call Thank you - Have a good night - you too Melissa, I need you to pull the file and thesis paper on a student from last year Yeah, his name is kenneth roberts Great, thanks So it begins with the father's suicide-- Okay we got 5 crime scenes' worth of new information to go through And the targets that unsub chose for the decoy bombs- do they force a change in the profile? I don't think so ,I think they are what the are Decoys to throw us off the trail of dr Brasier Reid, what's that? It's the subplot of the empty planet book Allegro kills his mother? Yeah, at the end, he discovers he's adopted , He's reunited with his birth mom He thanks her for having the strength to give him a better life,but, ironically, he realizes that she herself has become a robot, so he kills her He sacrifices the one person in the world he has a biological connection with for the greater good I thought we were talking about some geeky sci-fi book here That sounds like greek tragedy It's not played as a tragedy at all though In fact, his mother's incredibly proud of this final act, like it's the ultimate fulfillment of his destiny, proof that-- proof that she was right to have given him up in the first place Wait a minute, If he kills her, how do you know she was proud? It's told from her point of view ,The whole book is It's kind of like she's talking to the reader from heaven Mother's the narrator Yeah it's really her story Only story she needed to tell And in order to fulfill the story, he's gotta kill his mother Don't hate the book Without this, I never would have known you at all Mother Kenneth,did you do this? Did you kill dr Cooke? You've read my manifesto Yes,and,uh, I thought some things seemed familiar And I know why you wrote empty planet I know what you've been trying to say Kenneth You've misunderstood I don'T think so Kenneth the book is a work of fiction - The book is a gift! - No,it isn'T It's just a story Then let me tell you a story, professor My mother died when I was eight And then several years ago, my father needed a blood transfusion, and I tried to donate, only to discover that we had nothing genetically in common I had to watch him wither away, but before he died, he told me I was adopted This is not what you think I needed to find my mother, but the records were sealed All I knew was that I was adopted in youngstown, ohio And then I came across an article about professor ursula kent Favorite daughter of youngstown, famous writer of empty planet, and do you know, do you know, what that article said? It--it said that you had given up a baby for adoption and that baby was the inspiration for the book That is true That is true ,But that is not the whole story When did you give up your baby for adoption? Wasn't it 26 years ago? In youngstown, ohio? Go GO ! Kenneth, listen to me-- no! It's your turn to listen Come on! I came out here to take your class For a year, I sat right there, Right there! - And you never saw me! - If you'd just-- - how could you not recognize me? - If you'd just come to me, - I could've explained - then I realized, the only way to get you to see me was to live out the book ,But guess what? I did that And now, you see me, don't you? - This is our destiny! - Morgan, stairs, Go around the baby I gave up, it was a girl - It was a daughter - That's a lie It was a girl - That's a lie! - I'm so sorry - I know the pain you're in - why do you keep lying to me?! You're not my son! I promise I will do everything I can to help you find your birth - stop it! - Allegro! Wait Wait! Wait Don't want to hurt anyone You've gone to great lengths not to hurt anyone under unintentionally- leave us alone! No,we can't do that,allegro We cannot leave you alone I'm ok Listen, I'm--I'm-- I'm ok Doesn't have to end this way - This is how it ends! - You can change the ending-- - this is how it ends! - How does it begin? I don't even know the story ,Tell me the story You don't know the story! I want to know, I'm in the story right now Leave us alone! Get an ambulance,get him out of here It's your shoulder He's lost, He's just lost Just relax It'll be all right Can't blame him Your eyes,ursula, I wanna see your eyes There they are. There you go - You listening? - I'm listening He just wants to know who he is That's all I understand Open those eyes ,There you go Right ,Keep looking at me It's gonna be all right Just relax I'll be right back Do not cheat JJ,A lot of science fiction's deeper than you might think I mean,there are some genuine human emotions-- yeah,let me save you the time, reid I am never going to comicon with you - I... - gin What,you don't trust me? - come on - Let's just make sure it's fun beating a genius Genius dr Reid let you win I hear you were worried about me 'Scuse me? The bomb at the garage under the car? A young man that I greatly admire and respect is putting his life on the line What? I do something? What you did with the bomb, stupid Gideon,I couldn't leave that lady out there by herself like that I didn't say you were wrong And what he said I said I said I knew that -=www.ydy.com/bbs=-