What is the matter with you ? What do you mean, what's the matter with me ? Really ?  Oh, in the months that you know me, Hey, no offense, Emily, but... You don't really know what you're talking about, do you ? Earlier this morning katrina crashed into the gulf coast, As many houses are being destroyed. Are you listening to me, pop ? The buses are filling up. Dad. What the hell am I missing here ? The... Whole world's gonna be underwater. I got another letter, Billy. They're opening the superdome. I'll be damned. ... Please, I'm begging you, pop. Pop ? Behavioral analysis unit Who killed at least 3 men pre-Katrina. Believed that the serial killer died in the storm. A fourth body was found in the french quarter last night. Throat slashed, eviscerated. A year and a half ?  That's a long cooling-Off period. He claims to be. The head detective on the case. He died in Katrina. His son is actually leading the case now. Well, we need to pour over the evidence Katrina washed everything away. Witness statements. So, basically, all we have to go on is the latest victim ? Yeah. Until he kills again. Criminal minds 218 Robert Kennedy once said, Not a guide by which to live." Hey, Reid. What's goin' on up there ? From Las Vegas... Ethan. I'm pretty sure he lives in New Orleans now. Grew up competing against each other Spelling bees, science fairs. First day at quantico he backed out. He probably just couldn't take the heat. It's not really for us to judge, is it ? Right. My bad. Dating back to early august 2005. He killed 3 times, he stopped for 18 months, We should have garcia run a list Anyone who spent the last year and a half doing time. What is the victimology in killing a mechanic, With ages ranging from 22 to 45 ? They just don't seem to have very much in common. Which is notorious for muggings off the main drag. A slaughter like this takes time. And then torturing and mutilating them The city's barely back to life. Something like this could cripple its psyche. Well, with no case file there's only one place we can start. At square one. You must be B.A.U. Bill Lamontagne. Well, ok, then. I pictured you different. Uh, these are agents Gideon and Morgan. Appreciate you guys being here. My daddy was too stubborn to ever ask for any help. I understand you received a letter. My daddy received 2 letters. They passed it on to me. It's a detailed account of what he did to the body. 4 layers of fatty tissue sliced through like butter. I only seen that 3 other times. Nah. You don't forget victims like this. It's like they were dissected. This is New Orleans. The victim has no defense wounds. No hesitation marks or rapid thrusts. Almost procedural. So you think he might have some medical training ? And leave each one intact ? Anyone we could speak with ? Left to collect dust in storage. It's a wonder I still have room. It'd be pretty easy to hide out in one of these alcoves, Yeah, all 4 murders occurred within a 10-Block radius On any given night, there'd have to be thousands of people Tens of thousands. I worked the quarter. Every sunday I'd get off work around sunrise, My daddy'd be waiting for me at my house. Make me drive him uptown to Frankie and Johnny's for poorboys. Called it communing with New Orleans. Did your father tell you anything else about this case that we should know ? He tried to. But you guys should see that for yourself. This wall is still standing where daddy carved the message There's no doubt he's still working from the grave. "Jones." That name mean anything to you ? No. I ran it through the database And you can imagine how many hits I got. But in your dad's final moments, Learned how to play the drums in this house, Grew up with 2 dogs in this house. All it's gonna be now is the word "jones" carved into that wall. Detective, if he had written the unsub's name, Jones is the one piece of the puzzle He trusted you to figure out the rest. But I've pored over it a thousand times I can't get it out of my head. You ok ? Yeah. I just don't want to disappoint him. Is that the letter from the unsub ? I'm back with a vengeance. The last guy made it easy, being out so late, I enjoyed slicing around his organs. He was asking to be ripped, don't you think, boss ? Hey. Ok. To say that the victims were asking to be killed Most sexual sadists rationalize their own behavior But there was no evidence of sexual assault in the autopsy. He could be a homosexual male Every kill he's acting out a fantasy of revenge. What if he's trying to act out something else ?  Like what ? What are you talking about ? All 4 victims were found with their throats slashed, eviscerated, Investigators taunted with the letters addressed to "boss." The only difference is that case was 100 years ago Jack the ripper. The unsub wants us to think Please.Don't So the 3 of you were out together last night ? Mark had just paid his tab at one bar You guys get in any trouble ? Drunken brawl ? Anyone get out of hand ? We were just out to have fun, you know ? Minded our own business. Maybe upset her boyfriend ? No, sir. He struck out like we all did. Thanks, guys. Getting hard to keep up with this guy. Well, if he's mimicking Jack the ripper, He terrorized london for months I'd appreciate it if you'd gather your men. We'd like to give you a profile of who you're up against. The offender we're looking for is friendly, Agile, somewhere between 30 and 35. He'll allure with charm And kill with rage. We believe he's murdering men This unsub suffers from low self-Esteem, He dresses impeccably to feed the facade. Jack the ripper himself Whereas this offender is organized, Calculating. He might even stalk his victims for days We believe this killer identifies with Jack the ripper Maybe through years of child abuse... Or some catastrophic event. Because he overcompensates to hide his insecurities, And since we think he's had medical training, Please be careful. For this unsub, He's certainly already proven he knows the terrain. Jeez ! Reid, you scared me. Yeah, whatever helps you sleep at night. I'm glad you called. It's good to see you. You, too. Let's get a drink. Prentiss. Jack the ripper took from one of his victims ? Besides, well, you know, her life ? Mmm. Tick tock... Tick tock. I don't know. A kidney. How horrify ingly fantastic is that ? Just that I found an unsolved murder that happened 4 months ago With the same M.O., That very organ. I amaze myself. Great work. What's that ? A lot of Katrina refugees relocated there. He removed the kidney just like Jack the ripper. Call Reid and Morgan. I want the 3 of you on a plane to Texas tonight. So... Are you gonna ask the question ? What question ? It's me here. We haven't talked to each other in years. Ask the question. Why did you quit after only one day of fbi training ? Well... I'm sure you've considered the evidence, Analyzed the signs. You were battling what's your own demons. Not bad. Not bad. Those days, I did prefer Jack Daniel's to Jeff Dahmer. They both weigh on your soul eventually. Sorry The bat phone. Let me ask you this, Ethan. Do you ever regret it ? You know, I may not be changing the world, but... My music makes me happy. It doesn't take a profiler to see that you're not. It's not easy. And it's not... I... don't think you'd believe some of the things that I've seen. John Coltrane. He was a genius, too. But most people think it was the booze and heroin What are you tryingsay ? You look like hell. I'm fine. I'm a jazz musician in New Orleans. This may be the one time I can tell you something That you don't already know. That might help you forget, But it won't make it go away. And if I can tell... You're surrounded by some of the best minds in the world, And if you think they don't notice... Well... For a genius, That's just dumb. Hey. Hey. Where's Reid ? I was hoping he was with you. I did, 4 times. Nothing. The victim's fiancee is expecting us. What are we supposed to do ? We got one option. Wheels up. Thank you. It's not right. The french quarter's one of the only parts of the city that dodged Katrina. Now there's a serial killer loose. It's a small area, We'll find him. You always drink while you're still on the clock ? This is New Orleans, honey. It's a cultural thing. Where are you from ? Pennsylvania. I take it the folks Are a little rigid about the rules up that way. Well, if it makes you feel better... We'll play it Pennsylvania style tonight. I just hate that this guy has a leg up on us, you know ? I promise, as soon as my team knows anything, we'll hear. Why aren't you married ? Uh, that involves this case how ? I'm just flirtin'. It's unprofessional. You don't have to answer that. Excuse me. Compliments of the woman in the blue top. Wow. That was... bold. She might have thought we were just working. We are. Are you jealous ? No. I just... I... I'm surprised, that's all. You haven't had much practice, huh ? It's a culture thing. You see. There you go. Everybody kept sayg You just never think it's gonna happen to you. The report said that your fiance On the night he was killed. We were supposed to be married in october. He was just out celebrating that with friends. Was there anyone at Leonard's bachelor party We all grew up together. They're like family to me. Whether they met somebody out, you know, They're a rowdy bunch. And they'd party with anybody. Each of the last 2 victims was traveling in a group. Both were drinking, both in public arenas, bar-Hopping. It like when a lion preys upon an antelope. You lost me. That's because you, Emily Prentiss, Oh, scratch that. You totally lost me. The antelope travel in packs. So the lion just sits and waits. Waits for just one of the antelope So when he's alone, Vulnerable, and completely unprotected, That's when the lion strikes. Wait a minute. Her move ? That's gonna make a straight man And it'll make him leave every time. One of the victims was out for his bachelor party. Another one out with just the guys. What's the only temptation J.J. Ok. Yeah, he's right here with me. Thanks. What's going on ? Hey. We're not making a media spectacle out of this. People need to know that this killer is a woman. What ? Listen. Tourists are just starting to filter back here. That's not the issue. Besides, we'll be playing right into her hands. Look, um... I'm trying not to go above your head here. Yeah. I got that. Hey, you guys are back from Galveston ? First light this morning. Where were you ? I was out with a friend. I already told you. I called you 4 times. I didn't have any cell phone reception, Right. What's going on ? Our unsub's a woman. We just found another body in the quarter. Throat's been cut. He's been disemboweled, too. Reeks of booze. It's more than a pattern. Only this time he cut off the earlobe. What do you mean ? In one letter of correspondence, Of his next victim. He did. So she's gonna kill again by the end of the day. Basically, you have 2 types. Cold, calculating. Preys on men for money. It's more likely we're dealing with Motivated by paranoia and fear, Our unsub's organized. She follows a routine. And suggests that they consummate the evening in an alley. We need to be in those streets. Office just brought me this. Dear boss, By now I have rid the world of one more. So many men, so little time. I hope you don't mind the mess. They make is so easy, Yours truly. So were looking for a woman who will approach men, Comfortable being the aggressor, no ? And I'm guessing she'd have to be quite attractive Most of the women are out in groups, "So many men, so little time." So she's on a quest... To wipe out the race. Or... the father who molested her ? Some people think Jack the ripper mutilated women For someone so enraged... This unsub sounds oddly apologetic Why ? That might be what Lamontagne figured out You gotta admit, these guys are making it pretty easy. No matter how wasted I was. Testosterone will follow a woman to Thailand. It's just a fact. Did you give that newest letter to Reid ? He knows that ripper case inside out. He might see something I'm missing. What is it ? Nothing. Come on. You think I'm not aware something's going on with him ? You gonna tell me why you missed that flight to Galveston ? I already told you. Right. What ? With a better answer, I'm standing right here. Dark Curls, 3 o'clock. I got it. She's eyeing those guys outside that bar. Let's go. Oh !  Oh, I'm... I'm sorry. I hate it when that happens. What can I do to say I'm sorry ? How about a drink ? Have a drink. That's cool. Sure. Yeah... Yeah. Danny. You fool. You dropped your wallet out there. Thanks. Next drink is on me. So... Where are your friends tonight ? I didn't bring any. They get in the way. Now, see, I like that. 'Cause, uh, most girls, They won't go nowhere alone. I'm not most girls. We got nothin'. Well, the day's almost over, Your hair's wet. Oh, my god !  Aah ! She's mocking us. And she's true to her word. Do you have any tweezers ? Thank you. What is that ? It's a note from the unsub, Addressed to your father. Dear boss, With that sharp tongue and vulgar hand. Thought you'd like to know Yours truly. It's weird. Typically, offenders write letters to be heard. Jack the ripper bragged about not being caught. To flaunt her latest kill, It's possible she considers herself a vigilante. That the men she's killing deserve to die. Or maybe she's contacting your father, Not because he was the lead detective Because she believes he'd understand. You think he knew her somehow ? Can you think of a woman in your dad's life Might be another police officer, I don't know, a prostitute he helped get off the street ? He hasn't dealt with prostitutes The unsub wrote, "he was asking to be ripped." What if she's mirroring the man who raped her ? Where are the files stored from your sex crime division ? Most of them were washed away. Did your dad have a partner ? Yeah. J.R. Smith. Smitty, they called him. He might remember something. Yeah, but they had a falling out. What about ? Do you have a problem calling him ? Not if it means breaking this case. May I borrow your hand for a minute ? I'll be damned. The stamp on the victim's hand... It's admittance into the mon cherie. Oh, yeah ? 9 years ago it was called Jones. Bingo. Get Garcia on the horn. O captain, my captain. Anything. Talk to me. About a rape at a bar called Jones ? Zilch. About 9 years ago. Nada. Ok. Uh... With Jones bar. Bull's-Eye. Police blotter... Answered a disturbance February 19, 1998. You are the best ever. Ohh... and you're the most perceptive. Smitty. How are you ? I hope you got a good reason Well, I was hoping You might remember being called here Is that a joke ? No. My name's Jason Gideon. We're investigating the series of murders What's that got to do with me ? We need you to tell us what happened In this bar. Am I missing something ? You really don't know, do you ? After that night, your daddy Why ? Some girl claimed she was raped. I wasn't buying it. Brass backed me up. They ended up transferring your daddy out What happened here ? It almost cost me my career. Do you mind telling us what happened ? My best recollection, With 2 friends. One of the boys asked her if she wanted to play some pool. Witnesses claim she was up for anything. She followed him up here ? His friend not far behind. She knew he was there. That girl was a tease. Anyway, a couple of guys were going along with that. Did she yell for help ? She said she did. But not a single person claimed that they heard her. That's what you registered as a disturbance ? It was mardi gras. Listen to me. To jewel a small city. Anyone exposes themselves that much in one day But she wanted to press charges. I knew one of the accused. He didn't need the stink of that accusation. So you protected a rapist ? Well, that right there As far as I was concerned, Are you gonna tell me You know the serial killer She was your victim. We're trying to find a name. You don't even remember her name ? What about the name of the "good kid" who raped her ? Smitty... You tell me right now or I'll file a new sanction against you, And I guarantee you, this time it'll stick. Mr. Tibideaux, we need you to answer a few questions I don't know what you're talking about. It was mardi gras. Well, then, I must have been drinking some, 'Cause I don't remember a thing. We just need to know the name... The statute of limitations is up. Someone accuses me of rape, I'm going to remember her name. I guess she didn't make that good of an impression. You know, I'm guessing if someone Then she was probably asking for it. Maybe even liked it. Guy's not giving up anything. Right after the double murder, He mutilated and dismembered Mary Kelly It's believed to be his most vicious kill of all. And time to torture his victim before killing her. Maybe we're not too late. She murdered these men, And I'm guessing it's only a matter of time She really wants to kill. She make an impression now ? Work me. 1141 Sherman Avenue. It looks like she was a med student at tulane, Let me guess... February 1998. Yeah. Thanks. We got her. I'm John, by the way. John. Take off your clothes. Sarah Danlin, F.B.I. ! Open the door. The things I'm gonna do to you. Me first. F.B.I. ! Clear. Clear. She's not here. Guys, there are some ripperologists Was actually killed in a flat I'm going to have Garcia check Sarah Danlin's But maybe we can trace her room back to her charge cards. Aah ! What the hell was that ? Shh. You never did explain those "things" you could do to me. Souvenirs. These are from bars in the french quarter. She's trolling for victims in the place where it all began. The rape isn't the whole story. That contributes to her rage as well. She was trying to kill something within herself. Yeah, mama, what do you got ? Sarah Danlin's visa was charged Ah, baby girl, you never disappoint. Thank you. Royal Ruby Inn. Let's go Please ! I have... I have children. You asked... FBI ! Drop the knife. Drop the weapon. Put it down now. What are you waiting for ? Be such a shame to waste this. Do you want it, too ? Come on. Don't fight it. Men. Sarah, my name's William Lamontagne JR. You knew my daddy ? Yeah, yeah. You trusted him. So trust me. Where is he ? The storm took him. Come on. It's over. It's over. Hey. Hey there. The medic says that her victim's going to be ok. I heard what you did in there. Your dad would be really proud. It's weird. I spent all this time focused on closing this case for him... And now it's over. Yeah. I thought I'd feel happy, but I just feel lost. Because you've... And now you're leaving ? How will I survive a woman like you going so far away ? Well, despite what you may have heard... Cell phones can be very good for your health. See ya. How'd you find me ? You're not all that hard to profile. Your friend is good. I missed that plane on purpose. I know. I'm struggling. Well... anybody who's been through Would. This is all I was groomed for. I never even considered another option. Now you're questioning whether or not Yeah. I have been playing at this job In one way or another for almost 30 years. I've felt lost. I've felt great. I have felt scared, Sick, And insane. I don't know. I guess the day this job stops gnawing at your soul and... Hands... your hands stop feeling cold... Maybe that's the time to leave. I guess I just needed to try to figure out And ? I'll never miss another plane again.