Now, tell me what you want. I want... I can do that. What are you doing? Hey, lover. Tonight? Yeah. I'm wide open. 2 a.m.? You like to make me wait, don't you? You want the usual? So where do you want to meet? The Cutler. I think I can do that. Look, mom, look what I can do. I can do it myself. Hi, dad. Agent, this is Patrick jackson, attorney general down in Texas. What can I do for you? I got a case here in Dallas and... Well, your director thought you might be the person for a consult. Could you forward the details to Jennifer Jareau, our liaison? Not your team, agent Hotchner. Just you. - What's the reason for that, sir? - You'll be briefed on the ground.</i> Could you send details about the case or the unsub? It's not the unsub you need to worry about. It's the lawyers. How soon can you be here? Does the name Hoyt Ashford ring a bell? - Investment banker? - Close. Hedge fund manager. You might have seen him on TV all red in the face, saying the real estate crisis wasn't a big thing. I did see his public apology on the news channels when it was. That was unfortunate, 'cause now his lawyers want to classify this as suicide. We kept the scene preserved. Your consult might buy us some time. Well, most men don't take viagra before they kill themselves. - Does he have a wife? - At home, with the kids. Mistress or prostitute? What I'm about to tell you is confidential information. It's not to be included in any reports. Every wednesday, Ashford withdrew $10,000 out of a fund in cash. - Today was no different. - So, high-end prostitute. We interviewed the valet, the concierge. Nobody saw her. Well, that's not surprising. These women know how to be discreet. You'd think with profit margins, they'd show a little restraint. So this isn't the first? We think it's the second. I am going to call my team. Understood. But there is a reason why I wanted you here first. I got 3 judges and one state senator asking if I'm sure I have a case. You poke around, this type of woman, this type of lifestyle, people get edgy, call in favors. I'm sorry, but the politics of this are your problem. Yes, they are. And of course, we all want her stopped. You don't want any big fish caught in the net. That's how it's got to be, or I have to rescind the request for bureau involvement. Local murders, local case. All right. I need a place for my team to set up and all your case files. - I'll send it over. - I'll be in touch in the morning. Thank you, agent Hotchner. - What floor? - 16. Thank you. Long night? Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. Me, too. These Tokyo markets are killing me. - Excuse me. - Good night. Darling. "The prostitute is not, as feminists claim,</i> "the victim of men, but rather their conqueror.</i> "An outlaw, who controls the sexual channels</i> between nature and culture." Camille Paglia. Female serial killers are a fascinating field. We don't have much information on them, but what we do know involves throwing the rules completely out the window. Signature, for instance. They don't torture or take trophies.</i> There's no sexual gratification when they kill. Exactly. Murder is the goal. They don't have to do anything extra. Women are more efficient at killing. Historically, they have had body counts in the hundreds. So assuming that the job is the stressor, what are some of the reasons prostitutes kill their customers? Money, drugs, post-traumatic stress disorder. At some point, every call girl, no matter how well paid, gets coerced into an activity she didn't consent to. Aileen Wuornos used to purposefully stage paid sexual encounters as an excuse to murder men she thought would rape her. But Wuornos was psychotic and disorganized. I think this girl's poisoning them before she has sex with them. She's using tetra-methylene- disulfotetramine.</i> It's a popular rat poison in China, easily soluble in alcohol. Poison is the perfect m.o. Quiet, quick, and the victims never see it coming because they think they're lucky. - <i>Does that mean something to you?</i> - At $10,000 a night, these men are paying for discretion as well as sex. She has a history with them. They see her repeatedly. She didn't decide to kill them in the moment.</i> She walks in with the intent to kill and she's doing it before sleeping. So she's not just organized, she's also methodical. She decides which one of her clients are worth killing and which aren't and she plans. Maybe the victims all share the same fetish. Both victims were in their 50s, highly visible. Careful out their image. If they were kinky, - they'd go to lengths to hide it. - We're facing a corporate culture that'll do everything to keep us out. Actually, I had some luck there. Hoyt Ashford's wife isn't too happy with how he died. She's agreed to talk to us? Yeah, but because every silver lining has a dark cloud, The hedge fund released a statement. "Ashford died peacefully in his home, according to lawyer David Madison." - They're trying to close ranks. - Does that sound familiar to anyone? What do you mean? The press release from the first victim. "According to company lawyer, Stanton died peacefully "in his home." Start with the wife. See if you can get her to open up. JJ, call the lawyers and tell them I want to meet with both of them. - To play them off each other? - One of them wrote both press releases. Let's see which one calls us. Babe. What time is it? If you leave now, you can get your kids to school. Thank you, agent Hotchner. The Phoenix police announced the suspect responsible for the deaths of 5 phoenix officers</i> had been caught. That is not the case.</i> The killer is still at large. Mrs. Ashford, we're very sorry about our husband. I've been getting nothing but condolences all day. I feel like a hypocrite for accepting them, knowing how he died. We think your husband might have been targeted because of something... sexual he did with this call girl. We know this is hard, but is there anything you can tell us about what he liked? In bed? I can sum it up in one word. Younger. How much younger? 24, 25. It's... - That was when I met him. - So, your age difference - was part of the attraction? - Are you kidding? It was the whole relationship. Mrs. Ashford, no offense, but... your husband spent a lot of money on this woman. Was there anything else at all that he liked from a younger woman besides the ego boost? There's a certain kind of man, agent for whom the only kind of sex that matters is the ego boost. But in a marriage like ours, after few years, it doesn't come voluntarily anymore. You have to work at it. Or in my husband's case... Pay for it. JJ, both lawyers said that they would be here at noon. They called back and said they would meet you at the Manchester center. It's almost 12:30 neither of them are here. Can you text me the numbers? I need to call. - Never mind. She's here. - She? Ellen daniels. Barswell consulting. Ms. Daniels, we called two lawyers and neither of them was you. They called me to consult on the press releases. My firm specializes in strategic risk management for firms around the city. - You're a problem solver. - And we have a mutual one, don't we? - Do you know who this girl is? - no. One of your clients might. - They're not gonna open up about it. - They're putting themselves at risk. Yes, I understand that, but you see, my hands are tied. None of them are going to admit that they have a professional girlfriend. I can subpoena their records. Then I would have to file about a year's worth of injunctions to stall you. - Now, who needs that kind of hassle? - Ms. Daniels, this is not a game. I need number, if not of this particular girl, then someone like her, someone we can talk to. No escort will agree to sit down with the FBI. But I have something better for you, assuming you might be willing to overlook certain legal niceties. Do you want to buy a house? Yes, you do. I don't get it. I thought Hotch said we were going to meet a madam here. Actually, there's a lot of overlap between real estate and sex work. Property is a safe and inspection-free investment for large sums of cash. Your brownstone used to be owned by a gigolo. Hello, you two! - Are you the... - Isn't this neighborhood just fabulous? And you're gonna love this house. You two need lessons in faking it. I teach a class. I'm... I'm sorry. I just... I want to be clear. You are a madam, right? You arrange dates for escorts? All I arrange are meetings. What happens between two consenting adults when that meeting is over is something i'm not liable for. Now... Who wants a scone? Oh, yes. We all know about this woman. She's terrible for business. I guess there's only so many men that can afford the service you provide. Well, that's certainly true. But the way she's behaving, she's only hurting herself. - And why is that? - An escort's client list is the most important investment she has. It's her daily income and her retirement package when she sells the list. So she isn't working with a service, is she? No madam would allow an escort to kill off the <i>clientèle</i>. What about the type of work your employees do? We're sort of operating under the assumption that this escort is killing men who... make her perform a... Specific sexual act. - What did you have in mind, sweetie? - I... I don't even... I don't know. If I may. I think you're looking at this all wrong. Start with this question... Why would a man pay a woman 5 figures? It's not for sex, is it? Of course you've got to be good in bed to be successful.</i> - But that's the easy part. - What's the difficult part?</i> What men want more than the no strings attached sex</i> is a therapist. Someone who will absorb the worst parts of their personalities.</i> Their fears and their insecurities.</i> Everything they can't take home to their wife.</i> That's what I groom my girls to do... How to talk to these men. How to listen.</i> Don't get me wrong. Deviancy comes with the territory.</i> I can't tell you how many men need to be submissive</i> as an outlet from their extremely stressful jobs.</i> I can tell you that if the sex was the reason she was killing these men, she would have broken long before she charged $10,000. So it isn't how these men act in bed, it's how they act out of it. Jesse, what's your 20? I'm just starting my sweep. Victim was Joseph Fielding. He was the cfo here. - Poisoned? - And staged. She killed him in his office and rolled him out here to be found. - The lipstick's new. - Done postmortem. Reid said female serial killers don't leave a signature. I think she did that just for us. She's exposed him at his most vulnerable. Now she wants to be noticed. I'm allowed back. Which one of you is Aaron Hotchner? I'm Hotchner. Larry Bartlett. I represent Mr. Fielding in webster industries. This is a closed crime scene, Mr. Bartlett. Yes. I spoke to Ellen Daniels. She said you're a very reasonable man. - Escort him out, please. - No, wait. Please. The press is outside and they can smell blood. - Any way we can handle this discreetly? - We're not about to lie for you. You don't have to lie. Just don't comment. Excuse us. Is there any reason to go public yet? Validating her is exactly what she wants. If we hold back, she's more likely to make a mistake. He doesn't need to know that. We need everything you have on Fielding. Bank accounts, tax records, emails, everything. Everything? 18 cars, 6 houses, and 3 boats. Can you even boat in Dallas? When you're talking about that much money, 10 grand for a call girl is like deciding where to go for dinner. - Are you there, Garcia? - Affirmative.</i> I have half a million over here for something called the bat cave. And here's a picture of him as fetish batman. That is wrong. Anything he didn't like to spend money on? Yeah, his ex-wives. Fielding was married 4 time he didn't have prenups the first two, but he did everything he could to cut off his ex-wives. - Are there children involved? - Yes, with 3 of the wives. Ashford was married a few times, too, wasn't he? You know, considering that when Kevin takes me to dinner and a movie, he defaults on his student loans, this amount of money is sick. - What did you find? - All 3 of our dearly departed rich guys were embroiled in bitter court battles over how much to pay in alimony and child support, and even when the court ruled in the wife's favor, which was almost always, these 3 charmers just, you know, decided not to pay. Can you generate a list of high-profile Dallas CEOs who are holding out on their ex-wives? One loaded losers list, Dallas edition, comin' at ya. Penelope out. So why would a prominent businessman who could easily pay child support refuse to? For this type of overachieving personality, paying money after the marriage ends probably offends him. They're spending tens of thousands on an escort, but they won't drop a dime on their family? - That's cold. - Narcissistic, self-absorbed, a pathological avoidance of paternal responsibilities. Most prostitutes come from broken homes, she's listening to pillow talk. Could serve as some sort of trigger. How their ex-wives are cheating them out of money, how their kids are nagging them. Everything that they take for granted and that she never had. Should I assemble the police for a profile? I just don't think it's gonna help. She lives in a completely different world than they do. Same with the news-watching public. And the CEOs who sleep with her won't admit to it. Like I couldn't even get past the team of lawyers protecting them. What if we give the profile to the corporate lawyers? They've cleaned up after her, even if they don't realize that they've seen this woman. Because every time we've approached them, they've circled the wagons. Why this is going to be any different? Because she's putting them at risk, too. We're looking for a white woman between the ages of 25 and 30. She's paid between 10 and $15,000 per session, and she's very well versed in the world of money and privilege. Even she's a call girl, she doesn't look like one. She could pass as a businesswoman or a co-worker. You've probably written up her personal expenses as losses. Shoes, jewelry, clothing. Your bosses pay her in cash, but they may also be paying her in other ways... Taking care of her, a new car, paying for her medical bills, even. She probably did not grow up with a father figure, and she is now turning that rage toward clients who walk out on their families. What's going to happen once this woman is caught? She'll be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. And the other men she's sleeping with, the ones she doesn't kill? - What about them? - Will they be prosecuted? Right now we're concentrating on stopping her from killing again. That's all well and good, but our bosses are going to ask us about the risks in cooperating with an FBI investigation. Tell your employers that the risk is not only a physical one. She's compromising privileged information as well. After she sleeps with these men, they talk to her. It's part of the release they get in seeing her. All that dirt you've worked so hard to cover up... - She knows it. - As long as she's out there, it's not just your clients that are vulnerable. Your firms are, too. Excuse me. I'm Allison Barnes. I'm a lawyer at Webster Industries where Joseph Fielding worked. This is really not the time. We'd like to hear what she has to say. Go ahead, ms. Barnes. A while back, I looked at some paperwork that Mr. Fielding filed about a penthouse downtown. I asked him what he'd be using it for, and he just kind of chuckled and said it was for a friend. Is that the kind of information you're looking for? Do you have an address? Trent? Yes. Hi. That's me. Hi. Thank you for meeting me here. No, please, thank you. - May I sit? - Yes. Oh, god, yes. Of course. So, let me explain something. Nothing's going to happen today. We are just gonna chat and get to know each other, and then we'll make an appointment for later in the week. So, just... relax. Believe it or not, this is me... Relaxed. - wine? - Sure. I've never done anything like this before. Could I see a list of '82 Bordeaux? What I'm trying to say is that... It's been a while since I've been out on... A date. Heh. When did your wife die? How did you know? I just do. She had ovarian cancer. 8 months ago. She... I'm sorry. Boy, this must really be sexy, huh? You are not gonna say the wrong thing or scare me away. I am here for you. I almost didn't show up. How come? 'cause I was nervous. And... my lawyers told me about this thing. What thing? Apparently, there's this girl... Woman... like you... Who's been killing her clients. Really? My lawyers met with the FBI. This woman targets CEOs and big spenders. How awful. Somebody's already spilled the beans about a penthouse she has. It's just a matter of time till they catch her. And when they do, there'll be... A lot of big men in trouble. Well, my guys seem to think they got the FBI in their pocket. They won't release any names. And if they do... We'll take care of them. The FBI knows how to play ball. Let's get out of here. I thought there were rules. I am making an... exception. You got anything? And she seems too smart to leave a receipt laying around. Ruins the mystique. She's gotta be whatever the customer wants. Look at this. She's got a lot of high-end designer jewelry here, and then this. It's way too small to be an adult's. She probably kept it from her childhood. It's a purity ring. By wearing it, you promise to save yourself for marriage. She broke that promise a long time ago. Got a whip? Antique first editions on the bookshelves. And porno in the dvd player. Nothing identifiable. No pictures, no sense of personality. Her lifestyle is completely disposable. Well, these aren't just for show. The spines are cracked. Somebody's read these. Who reads Voltaire in French? Someone with good taste. Probably well-educated. We profiled that she learned to fake privilege. What if she's not? You're saying maybe she came from money the whole time? Maybe. Prentiss answer. If it's a customer, she'll get more information. Unless she's calling in for her messages. We're getting a call to this line. Can you work some magic? I don't have a trap-and-trace in place yet. Give me a few. Istay on the line. She's gonna work it. Prentiss, get ready to vamp. Hi, it's me. You know what to do. I know you're up there. Pick up. I'm at a disadvantage. You seem to know my name, but I don't know yours. Can we start there? I thought I could trust you, Aaron. - Who says you can't? - <i>I want to.</i> I even looked you up online. - Is that strange? - <i>No. It's flattering</i> to be noticed by a woman like you. And I thought you were so... Upstanding. I watched the presentation you gave on school shootings. I found it posted on youtube. And for a moment, I actually thought there were still good people in the world. But I've disappointed you.? Just like all the other men in your life who've walked out on their families, - who deserve to be punished. - Did you walk out on your family? No. My wife left me. - <i>Do you have kids?</i> - I have a son. - How often do you see him? - <i>I try to see him every week.</i> Do you see him every week? No, I don't get there as often as I want. I believe you. But don't compare yourself to the men I see. You are nothing like them. - You're just another whore. - How am I a whore? You come when called. You do their bidding. My guys seem to think they got the FBI in their pocket.</i> In hotels you take the side elevator to avoid crowds, while the men who pay your salary walk across the ivory marble foyer into their cars. I'm in on the land line, triangulating the cell. Give me like 60 seconds. - But I'm just frustrating you. - What do you mean? You want to show the world all these bad men</i> and my investigation's just getting in your way. You're not doing your job! You don't want to arrest me, you don't want me in custody, because you're in their pocket. We'll take care of them. You just want me to disappear, just like they do. Truthfully, I'm only interested in finding you.</i> You've been betrayed so many times, you don't know who to trust,</i> and that's why that 1st murder felt so good. But each one since has been less and less satisfying. You know that's going to continue. Am I right?</i> Come to me and turn yourself in. I will make sure that you get the help you need. I won't let you disappear. If we met under different circumstances... I could believe that. I won't let you cover this up. Garcia, talk to me. Oh, my God, was that... Channel 9 news room. I just heard gunshots in a parking lot. Corinth and Michigan. I think somebody might be dead. Got it! 1818 corinth avenue. Don't compare yourself to the men I see.</i> You are nothing like them. You're just another whore. Her use of the word whore is interesting. It suggests she's trying to disassociate herself from her actions. But she's become more personal with theurders. She's changed her m.o. from poison to a gun. And she changed her victimology. Trent Rabner was faithful to his wife until she died. They didn't have kids. Her whole justification for who's worth killing and who isn't is gone. She's obviously devolving. This is gonna be ugly. She's the type who could go on a spree and take out anyone she sees as target. Could we go to the end just before she pulls the trigger? Well, you want to show the world all these bad men</i> and my investigation's just getting in your way.</i> You're not doing your job! You don't want to arrest me, you don't want me in custody,</i> because you're in their pocket. You just want me to disappear, just like they do.</i> - Who's "they"? - The men she sleeps with, I'm assuming? No, it's bigger than that now. She's lumping Hotch in with the lawyers. So maybe it's anyone in a position of power who could cover this up. Cover her up. The purity ring you found... You said it was tiny? - Only a little girl could wear it. - She wouldn't buy that for herself. It was a gift. Maybe she's talking about her father. If her father was like these CEOs, he probably walked out on her, too. OK, so, you're rich, you decide to start sleeping with men who are like your father to get back at him. How do you go about finding clients? Could she have started with the service? She wouldn't need to. The madam says that she trains these girls how to act around these men. - Our unsub knows how to do that. - She said something else, too. She said that your client list was like your 401k. You sell it. So maybe our unsub bought her client list from another call girl. It makes sense. They're expensive names. Only someone who came from money could afford it. So who's recently retired? You're kidding. You keep tabs on who your clients sleep with. You know who got out of the game. You're asking me to violate attorney-client privilege. We're asking you to help us catch a killer. Well, let's say that your profile is correct and she is the daughter of my client. If I do this, I'm gonna need immunity on the back end. Come on, boys, give it up. I mean, you two know how this game is played. Yes, we do. So here's the deal. Give us the information we want or I'll arrest you on the spot for obstruction of justice. And while you're sitting in Dallas central booking waiting to make your one phone call, i'll have the entire white collar division from the FBI here from quantico, and they'll turn your offices upside down until we find what we want. That's my offer. I'd take that if I were you. We're looking for katherine. - You have the wrong house. - We're not interested in you. but the woman who bought your list. Go play with your toys, OK? - Come in. - Thank you. Her name is Megan. Megan Kane. And her father was a client of yours? Andrew. He was one of my 8 regulars. He's a VP at Ebbett oil now, I think. - I saw him for 6 years. - And does your son... No. After I retired, I... wanted something good in my life. 6 years is a long time to see one call girl. Most men only have room for one affair at a time. How did Megan know about you? Andrew left his wife because of me. Of course, he... married someone else, but... I wasn't surprised when Megan knocked on my door. You must have been surprised she wanted your list. Megan had all kinds of opportunities in life. Didn't you wonder why she wanted to follow your career path? Megan didn't want to be a call girl. - She didn't? - She wanted me to go away. She said that after I ruined her parents' marriage that I ruined her life, too. She bought my list so that nobody else would. So here's what we know about Megan Kane. Her parents divorced 8 years ago. After the divorce, she traveled internationally. We're not sure... Long night? ... fell off the grid, which is easier to do when you're making thousands of dollars a night. Put a trace on her father, communication, accounts, the whole nine. I also forwarded the picture to Dallas p.d. and upscale hotels. Excuse me. I saw her 2 nights ago in the elevator of my hotel. Call Ebbett Oil. Tell Mr. Kane I need to meet with him as soon as possible. - You have the wrong woman. - No, we don't. Is this how the FBI does their job now, making random accusations? She kept the purity ring you gave her? We found it in a penthouse that one of her customers rented for her. Andrew, don't say anything. When you cut off your ex-wife, you cut off Megan, too. We still think you can help us if you can contact Megan. We're done here. We have a tail on Kane at his home and office. We sure this is gonna work? He knows where Megan is. He'll contact her. To protect his reputation if nothing else. I might have something. Andrew Kane reserved a room at the Wilmore hotel,</i> room 2257 to be exact. Can I get an ick-ick-icky on making an appointment with your own daughter?</i> Megan won't show up until Kane's there. JJ, tell nobody to move until we get there. We haven't seen Kane or his daughter down here. There's a lot of entrances. We could have missed one. Stay where you are. FBI. Don't move. He told me to show up here. They could be anywhere. How could you? How could I what? Embarrass you? Fail you? My God, Megan. Those men... They were good men. Those men? Let me tell you about how good those men were, dad. - I'm not going to listen... - Hoyt Ashford liketo play pretend. Except the bruises that he left weren't pretend. - You stop it. - Michael Stanton... You spoke with him at a conference. You know who he liked to watch me with? - I will not let you talk to me. - I even asked about you. I wanted to know whatthey did that was so much better than mom. Shut your mouth! That's what they told me you liked. There are 4 luxury hotels in the area that the unsub frequents. We could split up, but we'll go in blind. Ivory Marble. She mentioned it on the phone. The men who walk through the Ivory Marble foyer. The Chase Regent. Are you sure? Andrew liked it there. He said that the staff was very discreet. Let's set up a perimeter when we get there. Nobody gets in or out. - The FBI knows who you are. - I know. If you want to punish me... fine. But don't do it by destroying yourself. Let me protect you. How? We'll turn you in. My lawyers can post bail. We'll get you out of the country. Of course. Ship me off, let me be somebody else's problem. For god's sake, Megan. You're my little girl. I love you. Let me save your life. I'm scared. I know. It'll be OK. Will you stay with me? Do you promise? - I need something. - What? Your client list. - What are you gonna do with it? - Hide it. If the FBI finds it, they'll prosecute you for all 4 murders. You'll never be released. Hold on. Just give me a second. Shut your mouth! We're out of time. This is it. It's my contacts, my clients. Everything. I'll see you at the police station. We'll get through this. Easy. You sure? It's over. She knows it. I'll call 911. Nothing will change. They'll just go back to doing whatever they want and keep getting away with it. Not if I have anything to do with it. who was it who said, "you don't pay a prostitute for sex, you pay her to leave afterwards"? It was Dashiell Hammett. It doesn't make sense. The men always leave first. I'd give anything to see his face right now. How could your wife have ever left someone like you? You're the first man I ever met who didn't let me down. Will you stay with me? Promise? Promise. Sir, roll your window down. Roll your window down now. Dallas companies were rocked today as a list was found of men who were rumored...</i> Andrew Kane resigned amid allegations of ties to an escort who was reportedly killing her clients.</i> Let's talk. The attorney general insisted that he