need our help with a serial rapist. He was waiting for them when they got home. We need a female undercover agent. Think elle's ready for it? I'm good. What's she doing with her gun? ??? Easy, easy. Fbi. Get out of the car! ??? I was... i was just stopping to look at my map. Don't say another word. You're letting him walk?! The only reason he's walking is because you panicked. I'm supposed to believe that you've got my back? The last time you sent me home, hotch, you got me shot. You've made a lot of women very happy. I didn't let you walk. Thank you. Hey, lee. [Gunshot] I got your message. Close the door. This is william lee's case file. Sit down. The bureau has concluded its internal investigation, and they accept your claim that you went to lee's house to confront him and you defended yourself when he attacked. As your supervising agent, i've ordered a psychological status report. After the bureau's cleared me? I don't need a shrink, hotch. It's up to me to make that assessment. You think i'm lying. You know, you're not a prosecutor anymore. You're the only one who knows what really happened that night, and i think you need to be honest with yourself since you've got to live with it for the rest of your life. I appreciate your concern. I'm fine. Are you? Yeah. You're anxious, you're on edge, you're nervous. More than reid or morgan? Neither of them confronted a suspect and then shot and killed him. Yeah, because they didn't find themselves in the position that they needed to do so. I've been doing this long enough. I know hypervigilence when i see it. Your first evaluation's in an hour. Not even one ounce of sympathy. ??? You're the boss. [Crow cawing] Boy: None of us are safe. That little boy, he was only, like, 6. Nobody ever saw him again. What happened to him? He was walkin' alone in the woods, and then, he stepped in somethin' wet. And when he looked closer, he realized it was blood... everywhere. Then he heard somethin' comin' from behind him. Somethin' comin' after him. He kept lookin' behind him, he didn't see what was there, but, whatever it was just kept chasin' him. And then, he ran into this old man, and when he tried to ask for help, the old man just smiled back... with sharp fangs, drippin' with blood. He tried to back away from him, but before he could, he was tortured and eaten. By... by... by who? That evil old man. He watches us all the time. He just watches us from that big, old house on the hill, the one that's... haunted. Why does he watch us? 'Cause he wants to eat one of us. He's just deciding who's next... next to be hunted like a deer... skinned... eaten. It's just a matter of time. Aah! Nicholas faye of ozona, texas, was beaten to death roughly 13 hours ago. Blunt force trauma to the head. He's the second young boy in ozona to die the same death in the last 2 months. Local hunter found his body in the woods. The first victim's name, robbie davis. Are these boys connected somehow? Ozona's population's roughly 2,500. Everyone has some kind of connection. Well, if they weren't linked before, they most certainly are now. Both murdered by the same offender. Who's hunting children. www.1000fr.com Present Capture:FRM@XXY Sync:FRM@¾ÆÄÒ·¹´ü</font> CM S02E06 Morning. A moment, sir? What's up? Agent greenaway never showed for her evaluation last night. You're kidding. The notice came through this morning. I called 3 times, left messages, but she isn't calling back. Thank you. Gideon: Doesn't look good. No. Let's be honest. We know exactly what it looks like. Elle let emotion get in her way. And it goes against everything we stand for. So don't you make the same mistake. She's innocent until proven guilty. I'll go to texas. You find elle. [Cell phone rings] [Ring] Gideon: Plato once wrote, "we can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark. "The real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of right." You guys hear elle was cleared? Self-defense. So it was a good shoot. She hit what she was aimin' for. That's not what i meant. I know. If they cleared her, how come she's not here with us? Or hotch? Focus on the case. Ozona police and autopsy report for nicholas faye and robbie davis. Well, the bludgeoning could suggest frustration or rage. With no apparent sexual motivation. That's rare when the victims are this young. This unsub seems to be taking pleasure from the kill itself. So if it's not sexual, what's the significance of targeting young males? Most serial killers prey upon specific types to carry out their fantasies of revenge. [Cell phone rings] Bundy killed women that looked like an ex-girlfriend who jilted him. Dahmer claimed that schoolyard harassment fed into his fury. Ok, so then maybe these kids represent someone who victimized the offender. Like a young male from his past. Maybe a bully, a older brother, someone who abused him. No, that's unlikely. They just found another body. 11-year-old girl. Why would the victimology just suddenly change? Maybe the girl wasn't the target. Maybe she just got in the way. Or the sex of his victim isn't significant. The pace he's killing certainly indicates a velocity of change. We can surveil every kid in ozona. How are we supposed to keep 'em all safe? Enforce a curfew? Children shouldn't have to worry about something like that. Tell me about it. The woods were the only thing i was afraid of when i was a kid. Seriously? Thought you grew up in a small town. Yeah, surrounded by woods. Bummer for you. Yeah. Only thing i was afraid of was the dark. Some of us still are. When we land, morgan and reid go to the new crime scene. The little girl. I'll look at the scene where nicholas faye was found. This is where he dumped the body. This isn't a dump site. Murder happened right here. Autopsy report indicates no signs of a struggle. Poor little guy, never had a chance. So far into these woods, no one could hear him scream. Exactly how his killer wanted it. The last 2 months, we've lost more children in this town than we have in my whole lifetime. The others were car accidents. The residents are terrified. Got an 8-year-old myself. Victims knew their killer. They followed him to this spot. What makes you think that? The kids went this deep in the woods because they trusted him. He stashed his weapon here beforehand, which means we're looking for someone intelligent, methodical. Methodical? Bashed the kid's head in, looks like a moment of rage to me. I agree. That's what's confusing. Doesn't make sense. This is just a quarter mile from where the 2 boys were killed. Bludgeoned to death the same way. Not entirely true. I found some markings on her scalp that indicated that that psycho beat her post-mortem. Suggests the unsub is getting more brazen. He's getting brazen, all right. I've bagged 3 children in the last month. Now he's spending more time with the victims even after death. He had to know he wasn't gonna be interrupted, but how? How could he be so sure? The forest goes for miles and miles, but nobody goes walkin' in it unless they're lookin' to kill. Or hunt. In which case, you don't want to be on the trail. Reid, whoever killed these children is very familiar with this area. In my opinion, he probably lived in ozona his whole life. It could be someone you know, or it could be a stranger you pass at the grocery store. It's vital that we keep our eyes open and our children close. Now, as ozona's guidance counselor, i can only help your children with the aftermath, but our police department is working with the fbi, gathering information on the case. To elaborate on that, agent jason gideon. We want you to know we're doing everything we can to find the person responsible. Until we do, there are a number of precautions that you'll need to take, so let me go over some of them with you. First and foremost... it's something we call the buddy system. That means you always go everywhere with a friend. That's right because bad men and women are more likely to talk to us only when we're by ourselves. Jj: We don't know what these guys look like yet. Might be someone you know. Yes, sweetheart, you got a question? There was this little girl once on the news, who just got grabbed right in front of her house. Could that happen to us? Nothing's gonna happen to any of you as long as you remember this buddy system, ok? Any more questions? Did you ever find his hat? Gideon: Excuse me? This is nicholas faye's mother. The red one that i put on him? He had it on when he left. I'm sorry, mrs. Faye. We haven't. Mandatory curfew at 5 p.m. Just make sure you know where your children are. You just gotta move fast. Old man finnegan can't eat you if he can't catch you. I want to go home. Come on. Just ring the guy's bell. Why don't you? I already did when i was, like, 5. [Loud thuds] Oh, no, it was just the wind. Now, come on. It'll be fun. Not if he catches me. Come on, it'll be easy. Just ring and run. We'll be right here. Yeah. Now go. Go. Go, go. Go. [Crow cawing] [Crow cawing] Henry? Simon? Hotchner. Hey, hotch, what's up? I went to her apartment to talk to her, but she was leaving with an overnight bag. So she's running. I don't know. I hope not. I'm following her. All right, keep me posted. Just wait for me up front. No wandering. Ok, dad. It's too scary to let 'em out of your sight. I know. Can i have your attention, please? Good afternoon. I want to make something clear. Due to the velocity of change, we predict this offender could try to strike again anytime. His confidence builds with every attack. Look for someone physically fit, shy, kind disposition, someone you may trust with your own child. Because the killer targets kids, he may be small himself. And though we keep referring to this unsub as "he," do not rule out a woman. Excuse me. Chief? You're gonna want to hear this. My son matthew never came home today. Morgan: Here we go. When was he last seen? His teacher saw him in the parking lot after school. Search team. Deputy: Yes, sir. Timmy, charlie. The grid at the school zone. If the boy was abducted, then this area would be the most secluded nearby. Morgan: So jones can put his guys at the gas station... ma'am, here, sit down. Thank you. Hey. So how old is matthew? Uh, he turned 8 in august. I have a niece that's 8. Very resourceful at that age. What are you thinkin' about over here? Nothing. Well, you look awful upset to be thinkin' about nothin'. You look like you have a secret. Secret's important. Is it about your brother? Honey, is that true? Are you hidin' somethin'? You want to protect him, right? That's what a brother's for. Matty said he was just gonna ring the doorbell at the haunted house... on the hill. Finnegan's place. Who's finnegan? This old guy who lives in that house. Forever. Kind of a local legend. Ghost story. Reid: About? Supposedly, he watches the kids from his window... hunts 'em, skins 'em, eats 'em. Standard. Kids have been tellin' that story since i was a kid. Morgan: Why haven't we heard about this? Fables are often sparked by an ounce of truth. We should exhaust every possibility. I'm sorry, dad. You've been following me. What's going on? Elle, i'm listening. Ok. I really wanted to be a part of the team. You were. But when i needed thteam, i was all alone. I was alone in the one place that i have the right to feel safe, and that's my home. Just like those women in ohio who were attacked had a right to feel safe in their homes. Does that justify taking the law into your own hands? What makes you say that i have? Because you're here confessing your sins. You know i don't have any evidence, and you know how quickly i'd arrest you if i did. So what are we gonna do about it? Sure looks like a haunted house. Gideon: Morgan, you and jones take the front. Reid and i will cover the outbuildings. Come on. [Creaking] Mr. Finnegan! Ah! Upstairs is clear. Finnegan's not here. Yeah, neither is the missing boy. Electricity's out. I know. Maybe he's been away. No. His paper was delivered today. So finnegan was here earlier. Yeah. Question is, where is he now? Stairwell. Fbi. Don't move. Boy: Ok. Matthew? Yes. No. Are you hurt? I didn't want the old man to find me. It's all right. No one's gonna harm you. Come on. Let's go. Reid: Did you get anything? Garcia: Only that finnegan's house on the hill is like the bates motel of ozona, texas. Yeah, we heard the legend. Reid, seriously, people that go into that house supposedly never come out. Spooky. Garcia, could you please pretend not to enjoy that rumor so much, since i've actually entered the house. Sensitive. Sorry. Besides, local police say there are no reports of that actually happening. This is true. All complaints filed were false alarms. But then there is that matter of his missing wife. Wife? What wife? When did she go missing. Almost 50 years ago. No record of her ever being found? I got two words for you, my friend... rear window. That guy probably chopped that lady up into delicious, bite-size little pieces. [Footsteps creaking] Think about it. She may never have left. She may still be in the house. Garcia, i'm sitting here in the dark alone. Thanks. While you're waiting for a potential murderer to come home? Kinda dangerous. Kinda sexy. ??? You're having all the fun. I wish i was there. Aah! You really are afraid of the dark. I'm workin' on that. Morgan: You should work a little harder. My deputy got the boy home safe. Turns out the poor kid got spooked by a tree branch. This whole town's on edge. Maybe that's why finnegan's in the wind. Hey, that's interesting. The unsub didn't use a gun. Bet he knows every trail in ozona. Finnegan's an avid hunter. Why didn't he use a... robbie davis. First victim. "Sarah p." Sarah peterson, right? I guess finnegan brought the kids back here first before baitin' 'em into the woods. But why wouldn't he get rid of the evidence? Considers them trophies. When this is all said and done, i'd like to hang his head on my wall. [Crow cawing] Sheriff called the search off. We located the boy. He's home safe and sound. What about old man finnegan? ??? First blush, it looks like joseph finnegan died of natural causes. His heart probably gave out while he was setting this. Yeah, karma's a bitch. Those coyotes were gnawing on him for a week. Before the second and third murders ever happened. This area's off the traveled path. It's a wonder anyone discovered him at all. Is it? Those leaves didn't cover him up by themselves. He's right. The deputy may not have been the first to find him. But our only suspect's been cleared. Square one? No. If finnegan's been dead all this time, who's livin' in his house? Let's go. Here's a question... if a tree falls in the forest, does it make a sound if there's nobody there to hear it? What the hell are you readin' over there? I was just thinking. The unsub found finnegan's corpse in a lightly traveled part of the woods, and no one else knew. So he was able to use this house, an no one was the wiser. Actually, i was referring to finnegan's wife. What are you talking about? She was rumored missing, perhaps killed almost 50 years ago, when, in actuality, she left finnegan for another man. He writes about it in his journals, how he would look out the window on a daily basis to see if she would come home. She never did. He never recovered. He ended up turning into a recluse that people in town misunderstood. Found somethin'. Come here. Provisions, delivered by the church to every elder's doorstep, each one dated after finnegan died. So the unsub ate everything. Almost everything. Unopened bowls of creamed spinach thrown into the trash, each one wrapped with duct tape. One with each tray. So we're lookin' for a guy who really, really hates spinach. Who doesn't? Ritualized, meticulous, organized. He would eat with the same particulars. Full prints. [Cell phone rings] Have garcia run 'em for a match. [Ring] Hotch. It's about elle, isn't it? I don't know. You know, i talked to her in ohio. Reid, we all talked to her. No, l... l... i talked to her before. I went to her room one night, and she was drinking. She almost died. I'd be drinkin', too. Why the woods, jj? Hmm? Your fear. You said it was of the woods. Uh, i used to be a camp counselor as a teenager in the woods up in vermont, and the night shift... tuck the girls in, turn off the lights, you know, the typical drill. Everything seemed fine, all the kids were asleep. You know, nothing seemed out of the ordinary... until i noticed that there was some blood on the hallway floor, so i followed the blood trail out to the camp director's cabin, walked up to his bed, and he was just lying there underneath his covers... dead. Someone stabbed him. I ran out of there so fast. Out the door, down the hall. I just remember it being really dark. Once i got to the door, there was another counselor there. I guess she heard me scream. They caught the caretaker on his way to town. I guess he still had the knife on him. Anyway, i guess that's probably when i decided i didn't like the woods. You're serious. No. [Scoffs] No, i... you fell for that? Come on, i don't know why i'm afraid of the woods. I just... i am. Why is he still afraid of the dark? Yeah, reid, why are you still afraid of the dark? Because of the inherent absence of light. [Cell phone rings] Oh. Jj, that was pretty good. Just remember, paybacks are a bitch. I'm shakin'. Yeah. I love o relationship. We hardly need words. Hey, girl, you got somethin' good for me? I pulled two sets of prints off those food trays. Two? One belonging to a child. Ok, but which one of the victims? Why don't you coordinate with the ozona coroner's office for a match? Oh, baby, that's so yesterday. I already have the minions working on it. In the meantime, your intrepid hacker found you a match to the other set in the database. His name is james charles. He's a local guidance counselor. Yeah, he a local guidance counselor, helping us on this case. You're kidding. His address is 3725 briarwood lane. I know exactly how to find him, garcia. Thanks. Call gideon. We just found our unsub. You sure about this? Charles? Born and raised in ozona, knows the territory, works with children. Highly organized, slight in stature, injected himself into the investigation. Anything happen the last 6 months that would have changed his life? His wife walked out on him and his kid. There's your trigger. Guys, he's on the move. Mr. Charles! Don't do it! Hold it! Uh! Why you runnin'? ??? What's this? What's this?! What's so important about the hat? ??? Here's the deal. I could stand here and tell you what i think you were doin' in finnegan's house for the last two weeks, or you could do us all a favor. Sign a confession, maybe get a little somethin' taken off your time. What do you say? I never stepped inside finnegan's house. That's not really the answer i was lookin' for, james. See, fact is, we got your fingerprints inside the house all over the trays of food. Of course, you did. I delivered 'em every week. It's true. He started workin' at the food bank after his wife left. Fingerprints aren't all we have. What are you doin' with nicholas faye's hat? Hmm? Maybe you were tryin' to dispose of it. Or were you so proud of your keepsake, you just wanted to find a nice safe place to hide it? How these last 6 months been for you, james? Not too good, huh? Oh, no, your whole life is fallin' apart, isn't it? Oh, yeah, you gotta be feelin' a loss of control, sense of abandonment, and i would guess, uh... little impotent maybe. Come on, man, give me somethin'. Why did your wife leave you? What happened, james? She get bored? I mean, you don't seem all that exciting to me. She start feeling a little uninspired? Hey, you're not a minuteman, are you? Oh, that's what it is. You're done before she even gets started. She left you for another man who has... ok! James, that was exciting! Did i hit a nerve? I want to go home. Oh, you want to go home? Yeah. Well, i'm sorry. That ain't about to happen, so why don't you come over here and sit your ass down? I said sit down! I'm done talkin' to you. I will tell you what you are done doin', you hear me? [Cell phone rings] Yeah. What'd you find out? The second set of prints didn't match any of the victims. So there might be a fourth victim still out there. Check surrounding towns for missing children reports and get right back to me. You know, it's bad enough his mother left. Now his father's in custody, and we gotta take the poor kid into child services. It's the law. So's jaywalking, but i don't have to like it. Good afternoon, this is agent jareau with the fbi. We're going to be picking up jeffrey charles in about 20 minutes. If... ok, i see. Thank you. What is it? Morgan: James, i can't help you. If you don't talk, i can't help you. Jeffrey never arrived at school today. His father said he was sick. Morgan: Somethin'! [Cell phone rings] Yeah? Yeah, yeah, i got it. I got it. What were you doin'? Workin' your way up to the victim you wanted to kill the most? Your son? What'd you do with him, james? Are you really that weak? You gotta blame your own kid for your failed marriage? Shut up! No, you talk to me! 'Cause i need to understand this. You beat those children, who trusted you. Why? So you could regain your power? I got a newsflash for you. You never had any to begin with. That's right. Keep it comin'. Keep it comin'. I am so far from finished with you, you son of a bitch. I will go all night. You understand me? You make me sick! What is that? It's an epi pen. Weird. Whoa. Think i just found something. [Ring] Yeah. An epi pen and a refrigerator that's filled with dairy products that have been sealed with duct tape. Gideon: Thank you. That's helpful. You know what happens to guys who mess with kids on the inside? Can i have a word with him? Yeah. It's a rough day, huh? Coffee? Yeah, i wouldn't mind. Milk? Please. Say when. When. How long have you known? Known what? That your son is a murderer? What are you talkin' about? You might have been the one who brought the food trays to finnegan's, but your son ate them. Everything but the creamed spinach. Do you want me to confess? I mean, is that what this game is? 'Cause that's fine. You bring me another pen, i'll write out my confession. And we found an epi pen in your kitchen. So what? That proves that my kid has an allergy. To milk. How did you know that? You just told me. What's it matter? Jeffrey's allergy is dangerous. So much so, he wrapped the only dairy product with duct tape so he wouldn't accidentally eat it. You taught him well to protect himself. I found the baseball cap. I found it this morning. [Crying] It was in my son's drawer. Where is he, mr. Charles? Tracy! Cut it out! "Cut it out!" Let's go, simon. Where are you going? We're supposed to walk each other home. I'm walkin' to henry's. But he doesn't live on our street. I'll walk you home. Hey, jeffrey. Because you shouldn't be walking alone. You know, the whole buddy system and all. Yeah. That's really nice of you. Thanks. Come on. I know a shortcut. where is he, mr. Charles? I left him at home. But he's not there. If he's not there, i don't know where he is. An 8-year-old girl, tracy belle's been reported missing. Last seen getting off her school bus on fuller road. Get a team there now. Let's go. Mack, get yourself over to fuller road. Tracy: How much longer? You're walking too slow. This book bag is heavy. My legs are tired. Uh! Why'd you do that? Shut up and keep walking! I don't feel good. I told you to shut up and move! Aah! You know, after his mom left, jeffrey probably resented the fact that his dad spends more time at work with other kids than with his own. And took out that rage on any kid he viewed as having what he didn't. So tracy's mom said the bus would have dropped her off here after school. She was supposed to walk home with a neighbor. That's most likely when jeffrey approached, but where would he have taken her? There's such heavy patrolling in this town. How do you manage to take a little girl+??? Because we taught him. Nobody's gonna think anything of two kids walking together... the buddy system, remember? In the process of educating the public, we educated a killer. When it's off-season from baseball, where would a 12-year-old kid hang out? The park. Surrounded by woods. Let's go. Tracy! Let's just go. I was only playing. Why do you have to be such a baby? Tracy! Tracy! It's tracy belle's. They're in these woods. Split up. Aah! [Tracy screams] [Shouting] Aah! Aah! Gideon: Hey! You ok? [Song begins] Why'd you hurt those kids? Because i wanted to. What? To gideon or hotch or any of you guys. I talked to elle that night, and i knew she wasn't right, but i should have told someone. Reid, listen to me. Do not do that to yourself. You were just trying to help a friend. You hear me? Don't go there, kid. Elle made her own choice. That's on her. She hasn't admitted anything? No. Well, you're doing the right thing. Yeah, i know that. Gideon: So i'll see you in a few hours. Ok. Gideon? Yeah. Tell him i said good-bye. This is not an admission of guilt. Right. You know, when i first started this job, the sound of my phone ringing, a call from the bureau, i used to get so excited. The blood would race through my veins. And now, that same sound, it paralyzes me. I'm not the same person anymore. That night at lee's, if i had to do it all over again, i wouldn't change a thing. Even though you killed someone. I guess that's it then. You know, when i first joined the team, i couldn't figure out why you never, ever smile. Now i think i'm actually gonna miss that.